Dave Dave Alex greetings from
destination do you have an off Pete
return ticket which enable you to return
on any train between Kings Cross to
Newark what is this one we're going to
London oh okay I know why more on this
in a second first we have Monday morning
Jim complete with broom tidy
9:32 a.m. this letter I've received this
morning from destinations addressed to
me with my train tickets is for well
it's my train tickets to get down to
London on Friday to fly off to LA with
all the youtubers to go to go to e3 this
is awesome wonderful
the weather is absolutely awful outside
but it's not going to stop me from what
I want to do this week is health week on
the block
last week with a practice this week my
girlfriend and I Maria are on health
week and I encourage every one of you
guys to do it to win last week plus we
mirandize it health week but it was our
practice this week this week is the real
thing I don't know why you guys but I'm
a person that absolutely loves to snack
on chocolate and everything like eight
ridiculous amounts of pizza I mean
Christ my job is a video editor video
creator you know miles media hey I did
set a time when I'm not doing these blog
have either with my girlfriend or
upstairs editing client video so I've
come downstairs make it coffee and grab
some biscuits it all adds up Maria and I
were doing meal plans three days we were
going to bed early we're getting up at 7
8 a.m. and I feel so much better for it
health week this week you want to join
feel free
summon broccoli brown rice beans for
lunch tonight innocent and some a very
melody for lunch this afternoon I could
get used to this now in today's vlog I
want to brush on a subject that has been
on my mind a lot recently hence why I
want to touch on it in the video and
it's a bit of a stranger really and I
want to get your guy's opinion on it and
doing YouTube videos just for money and
faking tragic real things that actually
happen to people for money yeah it
sounds pretty sounds pretty fun right
isn't it sounds pretty bad now they're
making you guys a few examples of this
by no means am i telling you guys to go
and hate on these people or whatever
this is just something that's been on my
mind I've got four bad things to do with
my days and sit there complaining about
other people I'm pretty sure everybody
out this isn't me complaining whatsoever
I actually find this really funny and
comical that's a loader this is a load
of stuff for a client install I've got
later this week I'm going to be a food
icon figuring that hence why I can have
some fun with you guys today - Aaron
chat this is where it all started really
let me set the scene and type into
Google Mars bar robbery I got robbed
whilst making a YouTube video with the
title of a video I released on the 8th
of May 2015
emergency which service hi there and
this someone just been in Matt I need
police please this was a legitimate
thing that happened hand on heart hope
to die the comments yeah the comments
say otherwise
comments from Americans that say this is
fake because the 99999 is and emerges
999 is the emergency number in England
for me to make a false note online call
right that was clearly there and you can
clearly see that my iPhone 6 at the time
said emergency call on the screen that
would only come up if it was legitimate
mergency call to 999 if I did that and
reported a fake incident and have the
police come round to my house which they
did evidently in the video and I turned
out to be lying about it I would be in
deep trouble there was people in my
house whilst I was upstairs editing a
YouTube video and I was home alone 16 17
years old I'm not a big guy
I was absolutely breaking it there we go
the context has been set fast forward a
few years to about two or three months
ago I'm getting tons of tweets from you
guys there I'm going to bring up the
tweet that I tweeted out because those
channels actually been terminated I
wonder why
here's the tweet I want you to pay
attention to the thumbnail that I
include in the tweet I can't get on
d'oeurves channel because it's been
terminated to see his thumbnail of the
video which he shortly changed after I
tweeted this out as you can see there's
nice thumbnail and there's d'oeurves
thumbnail on you it's very easy to gain
inspiration and ideas from other
youtubers
that's an absolutely flat out fine thing
to do to take inspiration from someone
else and apply to your own videos that's
absolutely fine that's absolutely fine
you know everybody's done the googling
myself challenge everybody's done this
everybody's done that you don't just get
robbed or I don't get inspired to be
robbed
but dirtier and I'm not saying this is a
fad but it looks like the ders I've seen
that my video got 7.3 million views or
whatever and thought if I do this video
and do the exact same thumbnail' button
type is ever going to watch it I'm going
to get the same amount of views and make
a load of money so there goes does the
title is exactly the same word for word
and so's the thumbnail for interesting I
think Mac now this all happened a long
time ago I tweeted Durbin I was like
dude what the hell are you doing like
this is just like it's as if you're just
mocking me and taking the mick out of
something that I know a day of my life
that I was genuinely petrified and it
just looks as if you taking the mick out
I mean I don't appreciate it
we thought it things out and change the
thumbnail yeah the
we're all good I'm not the only reason
bringing this up is because then you
guys started tweeting me there Oh Jojo
Maharaja yeah my garage Georgia Sagar
rock Sagar run to the road to the run
now I block out this guy's name because
I'm done I don't want if you guys want
to go finding them while I'm not one to
spread negativity I don't want to do I
got alone tweets once this guy's video
and open up look at like look at like
the other day company thumbnail and I
thought oh here we go again at this
point I don't really care anymore like
you know what the title of the video is
different or for myself it's probably
just a coincidence that there's very
hundreds a coincidence or not but I
don't care and then I saw this tweet
which has the thumbnails and then a
subscriber also sent me the tags of his
video and the channel tanks in the video
title got the full name word for word as
my video that I made as well as Mars bar
my actual stage name he also got Mars
bar and I got robbed whilst making a
YouTube video in his channel tak channel
tags the tags for his channel look ok
I'm not saying at all that these two
people that I've mentioned a bad like
there could be a coincidence right I've
also spoken to the guy that I've just
showed you as well on Twitter not for a
second
am i saying both of these guys didn't
get robbed all I'm saying is it looks
like you've been inspired from my videos
about I thank you for being inspired
that the really cool thing but you can't
you can't be inspired to make a video
about getting wrong if you get robbed
you get robbed to do things like I take
the enjoyment out of YouTube it takes
the community on YouTube it takes
everything out of YouTube that was
they're going to start that built it
into what it is today an incredible
platform to share videos and cool ideas
and what people are doing you'll have
much more fun on YouTube if you just do
you as MGK once said don't think just go
get in posted right skewing v apples
special event today I need to get all
this gear home to configure it tonight
for my client install later this week
they need to get home in time to watch
the Apple Keynote
in costly DMRC the Sony movie the BDC is
all Napier believe me welcome also -
you'll see three guards the WWDC has
just finished all of you guys I have a
massive apple fanatic Apple watch have a
genuine love-hate relationship I think
the definition of a love-hate
relationship with me and Apple I love
that product I just hate them so much I
love my Mac but I've had so many
problems with it I look my thumb up owns
guts
this watch is just slow AF now it's
hardly ever how they ever work you guys
not been getting massive into home
automation recently Apple just are now
it's like a new smart speaker which can
control your whole home which is wicked
I mean oh today's video here guys with
this awesome piece of fan out that one
of you guys have sent me it's a space
not associated with Twitter they're not
associated with with innocence you're
fine to show this on camera
message from Aiden Nixon and he is well
he has this little company thing and
it's really really really cool he also
congratulated me on doing 365 days of no
breaks and vlog every day pretty much
his company prints off popular tweets
and these are my most popular tweets of
2016 this is absolutely awesome look at
all these little things I think that is
largely stickers as well so this is this
is really cool stuff look at this one I
remember doing all of these tweets as
well
the first time meeting greeting I've
done an amount of people telling me
stories about having spy motivate you
and god damn speechless anyway guys I'm
going to end today's vlog here guys but
click here to subscribe click here for
yesterday's video and I'll catch you in
tomorrow's life oh yeah
