first I want to apologize to showing you
guys me without a top on the Sun in the
UK yesterday was so hot I didn't even
realize I'm so burned running with the
girlfriend this morning this is all new
to me I've never run with a partner
before so well this is our first one
we're going to test each other and see
if I'm a better runner or choose a
better runner and then hopefully can do
more runs in the future
people littering as literally as been
right there so they arrived in the
office it's weird what the hell is this
got a feeling this is going to be
something really strange hi Alex it's
Philip since you have cool new unboxing
knives I feel that you need a safe place
to store them this package is a really
strong magnet harvest from a hard drive
that could that can be mounted under
your desk with some glue jeez is that
strong if possible could you contact me
and tell me the height from the ground
to the live streaming room door I want
to try and design you some better stairs
talking about that we've got some things
to talk about
first of all want to address something
Kasey dyestuffs said in one of his
videos he receives an awful lot of fun
art and a lot of those are pictures of
him drawings of him paintings of him and
he shows them off and quite frankly they
were incredible incredible pieces of art
that quite clearly a professional who
knows what they're doing has done he
then went on to say that to hang that
open in his office would be well it
would paint the image that he is an
egotistical character and he doesn't
want to portray that image therefore
he's not hanging these pieces of art
that these professionals have made in
his office and unless you can hang on a
minute
I've got my logo hung up in my office
and these when I'm drawing with me over
there right my graphic designers design
that logo and then gave it to me the
reason I have these things hung up right
and this is the only reason because I
appreciate the time these people have
spent doing this to me I've never met
you in real life I don't know who you
are you draw my logo put it in a frame
and sent it to me I appreciate that
another one you the best I appreciate
you
so we've got some things talked about
specifically in this room building this
room has been probably overly featured
in this blog so I totally clicked out
for a bit and went back to basics now I
just want to let you guys know that one
the Builder per finish and two the only
two things I need to do is to get the
carpet fitted and to order the sofa and
three guys what do I do with this space
here acoustic foam acoustic paneling
leave it as it is put a mirror there as
soon as you get back from LA which is
that's another thing I'm heading to LA
with Microsoft on the 9th and I get back
on the 17 soon as I get back on the 17th
this series start on the major building
the ultimate live streaming group yes I
am going to LA it's true again I haven't
talked about it much we've been far too
busy on the vlog doing things in the
bathroom yadda yadda yadda
I leave for LA on Friday with a whole
host of other awesome youtubers for one
week is going to be amazing I've been
told Microsoft are going to be releasing
a brand new something I'm allowed to get
hands-on time with me and you guys and
of course I'm going to blog the whole
thing fill it I'm going to send you this
thing because of the magnet I'll install
that when I get sometimes a is my
grandma's 70th birthday
I know
I follow assume that the weather was
going to be so much better than it is
yesterday was absolutely scorching hence
my my bone my body is burning so I
organized a barbecues my grandma into
garden at my house but as you can see
it's a very overcast today but in
England overcast is still good the
barbecue is still going to go ahead in
full swing happy birthday grandma hi
Gideon take a quick quick before the
barbecue do you want to go into the
toilet without Bob yesterday I may be
already here right first you're actually
here is that cool what do you think
about that way is that work it it
doesn't it has absolutely with Kim so
happy we did such a good job bro
question is made after your tournament
this morning are you hungry for a
barbecue let's go
this is Sunday and this is something I
always usually do quietly on a Sunday
but I thought what I come and do is just
come and have a little walk out in the
fields I pulled over just here what I
usually do is I do this most Sunday's
right and for the majority of people
sunday is the last day of the week I
usually do this at home or over I am but
I thought I just pull over and do it
somewhere a little bit differently I've
literally just walk through this field
here and in my head I like to
self-evaluate I look at the past week
and I think to myself what's gone well
what's been alright and what's gone bad
and how can we move forward next week
resolving the things that went wrong and
doing the things again that went right
and maybe even doing them better
self-evaluation evaluating yourself to
yourself it's a very important thing the
main reason I like to do this and I this
is something personal to me but I always
track myself in a box and if you're
really wanting to achieve something and
you really wanted to do something you
can't trap yourself in a box you always
have to be outside the box looking in
from a different angle and sometimes if
you get so het up in what you're doing
it's hard to step outside the box but
doing this self-evaluation doing it once
a week that being at the end of the week
looking at what went bad looking at what
went good and looking the what was
indifferent really helps right that
sunset is absolutely gorgeous I didn't
bring the drone for no reason
yeah I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure we
can put this to good use
there we go Oh back home now for the
chill survey look Toby's coming over in
literally two minutes get them here now
hey bro right guys Toby and I have
smashed out a few games of Lowell it's
been about three weeks since Toby's been
here we've had our Sunday session I just
always find it hard celebrating with my
grandma because I always just get really
sad that my granddad's not here a lot of
you guys know there's a lot of the og
subscribers I lost my grandad a few
years back to cancer he was very young
he got taken by cancer quite early and
my grandma is 100% adamant that if he
was to go in or if he did go and get
checked out earlier and you know look at
the symptoms he would have been okay but
he thought he what he thought he wasn't
you know disregarded the symptoms and
didn't go get it looked at by the time
he went to get it looked at it was too
late
but I've told a lot of you this story
before my granddad is a huge inspiration
to me
massive inspiration is that his outlook
on life was just beyond words it was
really like positive I don't think I
ever once heard him complain about
anything he always just got on with it
and I find think people just get on with
thing people that get on with things and
don't complain really inspire it his
outlook on life to me was that
incredible that whenever I come across a
hard life decision or I don't know what
to do I literally just think in my head
what would Peter do what would granddad
Peter have done and as stupid as that
sounds from that I would probably give
myself the answer it was an incredibly
successful man he made a lot of people
happy and it's incredible but even
though he's not here he still inspires
me I'm going to end it on this Thank You
Eliot Jennings so the awesome and this
awesome wicked picture in the fan art
book that means the absolute world to me
guys click here to subscribe click here
to watch yesterday's vlog and I'll catch
you in tomorrow's wife as
maybe
