Oh important informant pull I'm really
happy for one reason
hey bro oh good you okay that is really
loud what are you watching Bixel can I
pause it for a sec I wanted to ask
exactly what was happening today okay so
I'm super excited because this is my
brother Jacob and he's been where have
you been Spain for a week right and I
didn't go because well I got invited on
the holiday with my brother but I've
been really busy doing loads of work and
stuff in the last week so I couldn't go
did you have a good time bro yeah and
I'm happy about you happy to see me
you might just finish your bag you like
being in the videos don't you so do you
want to help me with something today
right you can have a look this is the
blog people on the camera why this Lube
is good idea after last week I want to
eat no I think it's a good idea right is
something to do with me hey what ya
going to do in here
nobody can come in here okay so what I
want you to do right have you ever been
any amount of bathrooms what I want to I
want to watch YouTube into that or I
want to do something in the bath just
like watch some telly or something how
are we today
how are you where you've been to a hotel
where there's been a bit telly and you
saying that was cool
so how cool would it be energy you've
just proven my point here if we did it
in my bathroom right here like she was
doing today
yeah right what do you think when you
first then a TV you go get one
rylann joka we know you said when you
went to when you went away into the
hotel and you had a TV in your bathroom
how big was it that big some think it
was quite that okay that's it okay the
thing is take this I'm going to do this
I want to do it properly okay thing I
want to do is it needs to be on the wall
but I want the rim of the TV the outside
of it to be white it's okay so Jacob if
you look at this one if you turn to the
side can you see how thin those yeah but
then the other ones oh he's getting
inside class instance baby face
okay we're gonna have to improvise May
we're gonna improvise do it thank you
very much you too mate thank you ever
gonna see this improvised means to like
do something that you weren't going to
do to start with informal people saying
to you that we needed to improvise right
so I had two of these monitors at home
Jake but before I got my three curved
ones one of them I'm giving away to
these guys and this one is just a spare
one starting at collecting dust so this
this is going to be our TV important for
the only problem with this well it's
glossy black and we said we wanted it to
be wide anyway so we got to spray paints
it's 55 right there mate talking about
improvisation what we need to try and do
is take all of the edges off this
monitor and spray paint them white yeah
or what we could do is if we can't do
that that's going to be too difficult we
could just mask off the screen but I
kind of like
right leg eyes I'm going to leave this
right here as it is right now as it
stands it has numerous codes that is the
back of the monitor so I'm trying to
take the thing apart and I just have
absolutely zero look doing sir the only
things I managed to take off it was this
piece down here which is the front
bottom of its offspring printed up
separately but the monitors as it stands
now in there it's had about four coats
and it's looking sweet this is the stand
for it I'm going to spray paint this too
just for this you know I'm going to
leave that now there to dry and the
monitor in there before I'll give it one
last coat to make sure it's perfect
obviously this thing is going in my
bathroom so I'm trying to make sure that
I do a good job of it I don't want it to
look tacky you know right while that
dries I've got some errands to run there
put my Jesus sandals on just just a very
quick start off in the office all I need
to do is pick up this drill for the
project this evening now I'm at 100%
sure we're actually going to get the
monitor up today because I really want
to do this properly it's a little like
weekend project I thought it'd be really
cool to do it should look really good
and if I need to start with me and my
brother we're just going to go buy a TV
but they're not the way mean I've got a
spare monitor as the office that I'm not
using why not why not spray paint it and
put it to use same thing with the
computer that I'm going to use for I
have so many computers just lying around
are being you I may as well try and use
them for something if you grab my 70th
birthday tomorrow so I'm trying to get a
car
three guys all back home now understand
a realization to myself and just just to
make this a cool video my plan is to try
and get this project finished by today
so there is the stand for it there is
the bottom of the monitor the only piece
I managed to take off I'm going to go
ahead give the monitor one last coat
that'll be a total of five coats and
then we're golden
now this is going to be the bit that's
just going to really scare me because it
as you can see my entire bathroom it's
covered in these tile and I've been
reading up online and it's ridiculously
hard to drill through tile the stadium
enter wet the drill bit every eight to
nine second I think I'm just going to go
so this is what you do you get mister
school you put him left then you get
your ISO and turn on the flashlight the
iPhone just there then if we turn off
the lights in here hey guide of lunges
power
HDMI all through the homilies doing it
we've definitely committed now let's go
and try and put the monitor back
together this is going to be insane
oh my god
that looks amazing oh my it's time to
take this coffee upstairs you be so
goddamn cool man
this is wicked over bitch so God why
does this look better than I thought it
would like why is this work why am i
doing something that's working for one
Wow okay take the power this puppy up
I'm going to use this ROG gaming lap
this is a 980 card in it this house so
it's no there's no skimp on performance
whatsoever and let's get one of these to
power the monitor
okay the monitors come on but it says no
signal oh my god that is amazing look at
that
and I would saw this app on my phone
right where I can literally this is my
trackpad and there's my keyboard so if I
move that round it's like a trackpad for
them so I can just go down there open up
a cheeky bit of the jiggy bit of Chrome
and then I can even from there control
the music in hear it through the
speakers click
this is one cool ass bathroom right now
guys I am so so happy with it let's
genuinely like so happy with it I
thought it was going to look a bit of a
gimmick my other side is doing it and
I'm going to throw stress and you know
going to pick up the TV are going to buy
TV know what I'll do is I trying to
spray-paint a TV or monitor that I've
already got ultimately no it didn't have
to be a TV I'm just going to be plugging
it into a into a computer because do
anything on a computer nowadays we've
got TV Capcom which literally gives you
live TV it's crazy
the main thing I'll be doing is watching
YouTube on it and stuff but then you can
even just have it on in the day like
displaying for example the weather or
the stocks or anything so when you come
into the into your bathroom in the
morning you could just check what the
weather's like it'll be on the screen
endless possibilities with it the wife
looks awesome and welcome plan glasses
playing on at the moment you can light
up the candle look at that we've did an
amazing job
I'm super happy and over the moon with
the idea that we actually just went
through with it we keep doing it now
remember asking you guys it was a mixed
response but I think the outcome of it
has been better than all of us thought
look at those so so cool I need to tied
you up in here a little bit more and get
a bit of a better system going bother
than our guys that is it for today's
little episode that has been my Saturday
as you guys can see but I've burned
myself
I don't be that comes on the camera is
so hot today I was outside in the garden
all morning editing yesterday's vlog
ahead sit in the Sun because it was so
on I'm going to end today's video we've
got two pieces of fun are here this
awesome drawing of my desk from
dstravels a mars bar logo from Calland
guys thank you buddy some more fun art
showed at the end of tomorrow's video
I'm hoping guys this is going to be the
last day of my cold it needed up
tomorrow morning and go for a run and
hopefully sweat the rest of out the
system so that means there guys have had
an awesome little Saturday project today
my brother told me before he went to bed
he really enjoyed it I can't wait
showing the finished product in the
morning guys click here to subscribe
click here for yesterday's video and as
always stay awesome keep smiling I'll
see you guys in two
Razak oh yeah
