today's the day
all my files today so a couple of days
ago in the vlog I let you guys know that
this laptop I spent just over
two-and-a-half thousand pounds on this
laptop that is developed a Widmark on
the screen and I did show you guys I can
try and show you again give me a second
that line there I've also had a load of
other issues with it as you guys are
aware I totally forgot that you don't
get a paper receipt for Apple I've just
been scrambling around in the Box trying
to find a receipt I think they email it
to you I can't find the receipt
hopefully they'll have me on the system
what's the date about going click like
the down arrow should give you the date
of 16th of March using the vlogs as my
receipt right 20 part of all of this is
Apple it destroyed my bank account with
the title of the vlog that I did when I
bought it
Apple destroyed my bank account which
they did it was so expensive which is
why I'm so annoyed it's the laptop
wasn't as expensive as it was I probably
wouldn't be as bothered about the few
things that happen to it but I've spent
literally all the money on it so you
know everything needs to be perfect
and we have arrived
how you doing the weather has turned
horrible which is such a shame because I
wash the car yesterday and spent a lot
of time doing I can hardly speak look at
that about that look there's no
difference between that and that all
right the laptop here I think it's still
copying the stuff 26 minutes from me
right I put it all in this bag let's go
I can a day off work for this Apple so
your best help me out now being dragged
around all the makeup shops while I wait
for my hours long
Apple appointment much important Felix
you've all been that important a Phoenix
you've all been that plan this shop is
called then and this is where I got all
the cool stuff from for the office and
the totem pole at home they do do some
awesome stuff and then later you can buy
as their birthing as their brain and
there's like motorbikes and I've got
these elephants at home no no I mean in
the office and then if you want you can
buy a mini Burt and then a little
gorilla and I might is that the Sam
thing I have any option
my permanent one yeah let's book we need
to check in I'm really what a maverick
with another prize and that is so
tempting we're currently waiting for my
Genie okay so I need to come back in one
hour okay
hello are you doing I genuinely love
making people happy people are still
ringing this stone from when the number
got leaked I might not come to it I
might just leave it going so it's
brilliant it's a ring and I'm just going
to answer it another one okay I bring it
for a sec because I've got a blog tissue
why is it it lights up right so Alex
what happened what is it what happened
Apple Alex you've been there done that
what happened so well a few things
really I explained to the guy there very
much did not allow the film in
Meadowhall the shopping centre and it's
really strict never mind
Apple and I'm disappointed I'm
disappointed to still have this laptop
in my possession I wish it was but it
wasn't here sir I appreciate that your
laptop broken we'll take it in here's a
brand new one it wasn't that all it was
all what are you gonna have to do is
I'll leave it with us or you can take it
home and in two weeks you're gonna have
to drive back all the way an hour to the
Apple Store and leave it with us for
four days and then drive back home and
then drive back four days later an hour
to pick it up again that's the service
that I got so that's what they told me
an analysis of the guy I said could I
just get a return for this and buy a
brand new one and he said he'd already
filed the report so I couldn't do that
that I explained to him that I run this
daily blog thing and I need this good
laptop to do the daily blogs he wasn't
having any of it so obviously it's
covered under warranty so I'm not paying
anything but here's the kicker screen
was like 850 pounds I saw it when he was
typing it in to get a screen for this
850 quest so it shows that you do if you
break the screen yourself it's going to
cost you a lot but I bought something
really cool from Apple really cool mini
tiny portable 720p battery-powered
projector this thing this thing looks
cool right this thing was 360 369
British pound a but no I've got no work
on today always now bugs off all my work
and boots to tomorrow
because I realized I was taking a trip
to meadow hall today to fix the laptop
which didn't get thick so I thought all
I do is buy this for us guys so we could
have some fun on the blog today and mess
about with some technologies I saw this
in the Apple store and I thought to
myself if it's in the Apple Store and
it's got a 369 pound price tag on it 369
pound price tag on it it's got to be
pretty good so here goes nothing back to
basics it's a projector that fits in the
palm of your hand that's very expensive
and that was an HDMI port on it so you
can hook up a games console too it's one
of the bigger ones I've seen I've had
loads of cheap Chinese companies send me
these things and the concepts been
really cool the context of a projector
in your hand is awesome but what's not
been there and what's been lacking is
performance I mean as this one was in
the Apple Store and with the extrusion
at price tag
I'm hoping the concept is going to be
there as well as the performance
let's take a look not powering on right
I think the battery's dead oh because
the first program to test this is the
live streaming room it's dark up there
and there's a big white walls are just
No wicked this is going to be my little
gaming group laughs is live free from
here but a little dangerous piece there
but message to woofer speaker from LG
got a little project to get tested out
here possibly make it a little bit more
ambien and turn down the brightness of
the light let's give this thing a go let
the middle itself it oh my head's in the
way of the guilt damp like that and then
if you tap that button it should adjust
the Keystone a that's better now I can
sit down and you okay Leslie was
cracking it that's it Leslie was
cracking it it's gotta be it's gotta be
alien isolation its goal the alien
isolation let's get the melissap this is
going to scare the hell out of me on
this I've actually no idea how big that
screen it's it's going to be like sixty
inches maybe 65 inches oh my god I'm
Jerry yeah this is I'm sorry but no that
is just too much right for now I'm going
to put everything back in the box
as I found it ish proposed to be worth
almost 400 pounds it has to be really
really worth it it's cool but it hasn't
wowed me
and yes alcohol would make a movie and
projecting light experience a lot better
these aren't for that though I'm having
a YouTube party tonight at my house with
other youtubers that's what that's for
the one thing that will make this better
would be Wi-Fi if you can plug this
little thing in you know considering
it's battery-powered not even plug it in
just plop it down on the table face it
against the wall at it but to give up a
Wi-Fi network that you could connect to
via your you know Android phone or
iPhone and airplane to it or cast to it
gizzle cast I just don't have an
absolutely genius idea it's just going
to work if I drag that that way like
that and then just double click this is
amazing imagine watching a film here at
night you guys I'm going to implement
this like properly like build it in
somewhere don't know where I can do it
that is really cool if we could do that
properly that'll be really cool get
something wise into the power you see em
ice coming down their strength is all
that's insane right guys I'm going to
carry on this vlog later when I'm going
to end this thing I'm going to do my
usual ending showing out a bit of my
favorite fan art from one of you and the
next clip you see I may or may not be a
little bit intoxicated so you guys have
just nipped into the server I've got to
speak really quietly because everybody
my house is they're all going to bed
there's still a few people downstairs
Maurice blacked out I can my badge is
absolutely got Toby's here - he's in the
spare room he gone as well anyway guys
I'm going to end today's vlog here with
the fan art don't speak being this
awesome drawing from been absolutely
awesome Mars bar logo with a Nick on
camera in front of it that's wicked guys
might as well Alex you guys have been
awesome and really you've enjoyed
today's vlog episode click here to
subscribe click here for yesterday's
vlogging ttan and I'll catch you in
tomorrow's one I do
