these guys these these people I know you
try to iron in applicator how can I have
to do anime I'd like to cook am an
appointment at the Meadowhall apple
store remember guys I'm picking the
giveaway for the Xbox one and ultrawide
monitor and all the other stuff tomorrow
Friday so this is pretty much your last
chance to enter drop a like rating and a
funny joke in the comments and your
videos as a joke doesn't count
I'll go on then it does it counts it
counts okay you win no recycle add a
parcel oh I hated my Dropbox right I use
Dropbox all the time
my Dropbox gets really full right but if
you refer people to Dropbox to use it I
get like an extra 500 mega storage every
time somebody signs up so I'm going to
drop my Dropbox referral link in the
description if any of you are kind
enough to sign up well it's part of I've
got no idea what it is and whilst I'm
opening it I've got a few things to talk
about on one really funny story to tell
the story about what I've talked to you
guys about it's something that happened
two days ago I think yesterday I was
showing you guys a leaflet that I made
and I wanted you guys to give me some
feedback on sadly and on that leaflet
right was a phone number god forbid it
wasn't my personal number because then I
would have well god forbid I would have
been in a bit of trouble as I'm about to
explain why didn't hear well it's
something for the room up there I get it
right of the phone number on the leaflet
I showed you it wasn't my personal
number it was a number that I all right
and it's a number that is on this Google
pixel right here now this is Roy gets
punished the reason I have a well google
gave me this phone and I felt bad not to
use it so I went and bought a page to
get a SIM card for it and I put like 10
pounds on it
every month just for data and stuff I
don't like use it's just like so I can
actually use this I don't make calls or
text off this phone I put the page ago
number which obviously now I'm going to
have to cancel which isn't a big deal
because it's not I don't really care it
was the phone number that was on the
leaflet right and this lemon has been
blowing up like what I thought we do
together and I wasn't going to tell
anyone but it is actually quite funny it
says I've got 172 voicemails so I
thought we'd listened to a few welcome
to the three voicemail service twelve
forty nine hours to listen to your
message again okay the best thing to do
here is going to call people back there
called me in the room all right
only you that's pretty much it for Andy
now we could still see little bits which
will dry nor blend in and that's me Andy
the Builder he has now finished the next
step is okay I need to order the sofa
and do that online and Andy a second is
going to give me a mobile number for
someone who can fit carpet was the
carpets in the series start the series
start that is officially a fair bit of
fan mail oh my god it's huge
there we go brilliant talking of my
number gangly someone has sent me
another page you go sim card in the peer
box for some reason so I'll just replace
it with that one
right I've got some client work I
promised my client I'm going to deliver
this evening later on after of edited
this I'm going to give you guys a little
bit in a few tips on how I'm running
things at the moment and a few of the
things I do to stand out from the crowd
owning a business and creating video
projects and people so I'm going to get
this edited now get exposed edited
compose it all render it out right these
are like my I was I would say like 5
tips but I would always lay on myself no
matter what my mindset is when entering
into a piece of client work for say I'm
going to take this piece for example
that I've just done and shot last week
nothing takes the place of hard work
same phrase goes as long as you've tried
your back so when your mission or your
goal or your you know of a business
whatever is to help people to help
people achieve something to create a
product for somebody for me creating
that video I should enjoy that should
fill my soul with joy
so it's an easy one number five nothing
replaces hard work but you're going to
work hard anyway if it's something that
you're really passionate about it's
going to stir your soul and it makes you
want to wake up every more if your
mission is to help people you already
have a sustainable business plan because
everybody needs help for example I need
to have a carpet fitted in the office I
can't do that Moscow also can't put
plaster bottom but I can run a network
and create a promotional video so having
to get people in to help me right I've
got a load of work coming in which I'm
going to be telling you guys about and
so I'm doing this sort of stuff on the
blog you need to be confident in
yourself for other people to be
confident in you because if you're not
confident in yourself so if I'm not
complete in myself why somebody else is
going to be confident in me but I'm not
even confident in myself it's the way
that I'm the one another one is to be
extremely organized hang on a minute for
example in here this is where I charge
up all of my cameras and all of my gear
for example in here I have cutouts for
everything these three lenses are
currently at the office and so is that
camera that's meant to go in that one
as you can see I put on my memory cards
there I've got the gorilla pods all the
camera stuff is uniform together this
side is the action camera sorry but all
the cameras here that GoPros in the car
get yourself organized and you'll find
that going forward into the future
things will be a lot easier for you
right again this is in no particular
order I'm just about to go and deliver
this promotional video to the client
like right now they asked I promised
that I promised them that I'd have it
delivered by 5:30 and it's now 524 what
i'm going to do is put the video on my
laptop go around and show them the video
on my laptop right and then i'm not
going to say hey i'm going to go home
and email it to you or or send it to you
over the web what i'm actually going to
do is i bought just a little 2 gigabyte
memory card off of ebay right and we're
going to give them it just give them the
memory card how many shot a wedding in
well it seems like forever last year
that was last time I shot a wedding
video but when I do shoot wedding days
or wedding stuff and I have the finished
wedding video it's really really key
that you make it very special for them
because you've just videoed a very
special day that's probably only going
to happen you know usually happens once
in your life so what I like to do is go
on eBay and you can do this this is a
I'm not being paid to say this or
anything you can go on eBay and you can
design your own memory sticks but
they're crappy little memory stick but
you could put the couple's name on the
memory stick and I've done that in the
pan you know for like a fiver ordered
like an 8 gigabyte memory stick with the
couple's name on it this is it you give
it to them you stick in their head they
may refer you to somebody else that's
getting married is all about sticking in
people's head
it's still about 25 degrees outside here
in the UK at 7 p.m.
there we go car all clean now unlike a
lot of people I like washing my car I
love doing it you know it's only going
to go well if if you give it everything
and you enjoy doing it like I enjoy
washing the car so I'm going to always
do a good job at spent two hours on this
thing this evening and it's probably
going to rain tomorrow but I still
enjoyed myself and the work hard
anywhere let go it hasn't come off and I
still stand by that if you want to
download the word cloud anywhere
wallpapers I've got a link in the
description if you can tell but I've got
those numbers of parcels of the name up
my voice is like proper ganks my nose
it's just like that thing's a beast that
is a beast as this thing is actually
charging the 50 inch MacBook as to which
I am taking back tomorrow I need to take
that skin off it without being said
we'll do that tomorrow I've got a
massive cold so I need to get to bed try
and get this thing better guy thank you
to the lovely left in his addresses at
the top so I have them put my hand over
it but thank you for the
well-thought-out left there it is
they're really nice read it said he had
to send a letter to somebody who
inspires him or he looks up to for a
school project and he chose me so for
that mate I someone who is famous or
some things though I don't quite know
how I am in that category but thanks for
the left anyway guys that you've enjoyed
today's video if you have a library
would be awesome click here to subscribe
click here to watch yesterday's video
guys I'll catch you in tomorrow's why oh
yes
