I'm super annoyed actually I wouldn't
say super annoyed I'm a little bit
frustrated because I had an email come
true this morning that said hey Alex are
you free on the 18th and 19th as I have
an event and I want you to come and film
it and the event was in my local town
and it was all about like computers and
computer science and I was really
looking forward to doing it I thought
this is an absolutely amazing
opportunity to go in to make a
promotional video for these people
so before I emailed them back I looked
at my calendar to make sure that you
know I was free but I can't do it I'm in
LA with Microsoft so I can't today
today is the big day I'm really scared
so today is a special day I'm just been
actually to buy the Blazer before I take
it off yeah it's a bit big and hopefully
I'll grow into it Alex why have you gone
to buy a blazer that's just slightly
oversized for you and well as I told you
guys today's the day so a couple weeks
back it actually all got come true I CV
you are meant to be coming to this
office ITV being a big TV network here
in the UK like a big TV network so much
to come to the office filming me I'm not
going to potential why something to do
with Electric skateboards or something
anyway all of that got cancelled because
of the weather
well here's the thing we got lucky today
the weather is amazing an ITV apparently
on their way down they're having like
the ITV film crew come and see how
things are done that that just might be
slightly interesting
you're okay welcome Donna meet you know
me right okay this all went from zero to
100 real quick I need to ring Jed
because I need some help mate I need
some help can you come help me Justin
told me this new board and I've got this
I've got that over to the old one I
thought we could go out to have some fun
right I've seen a sec right so I've got
Jed coming down to help we do some
filming ITV are currently like here in
the office filming me which is
absolutely awesome and quite surreal
okay this this is really cool cause you
guys know this is my electric skateboard
at the moment I haven't really been able
to ride it that much you know more in
recent times because you know the
weather has been you know a lot better
they've actually given me a new board
today and I want to show it to you guys
first as a prototype and the guy said
that they're rinsed it's a high health
of is it the only unit that's ever been
made of this and so let's just take a
look this is not the first look at this
new board they're upgrading with this
board the one thing right the one thing
the one gripe that I have right I have
that in in England all the pavements
just full of like little little pebbles
and like little stones and it's just
like it's quite a hard ride on this
coming to the office which is like my
main the main reason I would use this
board is to get to the office
on on a day where it's really hot I
don't want to use the car so as I said
it's a prototype let's proceed with
caution here I am kind of a little bit
nervous oh my god that is amazing
he's wheels man like this is like this
is like some sort of off road demon
competive ah Wow when you get back you
get bought oh okay we're going to do
before we go out a little quick
comparison somebody owns sake really as
to what's different because I'm quite
scared the thing is it's currently
half-term here in the UK so tell me
about half an hour to get to the office
this morning because the traffic was so
bad so I'll try to get to grips with
this board get to grips with the board
before I take it outside and make a fool
of myself and fall off it in front of
all the kids that are now off school
because it's half turn okay now we've
got that down quick comparison
okay so obviously this one feels really
natural to jump on this because I've
been riding with no longer yeah as I
thought it collected a lot more little
flecks in there think it's that one
I'm going to break this thing and it's
the only prototype of the UK's on there
yeah that's a lot better
sweet um hope the control is the same
that is welcome mine is currently
uncharged it's pretty much identical I
thought it might have a different
controller but it doesn't okay they're
identical that is that is good probably
they start to turn the controller on
okay okay
okay anything outside anything else
are in the boat okay thank you very much
oh this is so cool only one in the UK
yeah
this is amazing I need to wait for jet
to come back speak of the devil
jet this happened yesterday I said I
need you to come round and then you just
turn up Alicia said to the cameras I
need yet to arrive and then aloof I
don't know how you're going to want to
take a look at this you can take a look
at this I know some water it's like you
that likes your skateboard
carbon fiber look at it my original plan
was to come on the driveway and practice
a little bit and then try and take them
out on the roads where we can get a
little bit of speed down but I'm
thinking that the driveway is a little
bit too confined I think we should just
go straight to the road yeah
right so the revolution babies not pros
bored do you put it for assessment oh my
god economy the coop oh yes leo
yet how does it feel being followed by
an ITV car it's weird innit cycle
careful push you up kill yourself right
here we go the road
it is the ITV car it's popping up there
a police is following us let me put it
in high-speed mode
where was that fun I'm saying I'm too
much fun with it and so I'm like so
gobsmacked like loss of words that is
amazing that is amazing but like that is
just more amazing to go on it yeah so I
see we're coming into this house we're
going to go up to my room and record
like a little bit of a behind the scene
the sort of thing with these guys
unfortunately I'm not going to tell you
anything about the show or I can tell
you is that it's going to be on next
year I will tell you guys when when I
know the Pacific date specific date I
can tell you the show and what the show
is called so yes that's right tell me
who you are and what it is you do thank
you help me film I really appreciate it
and I'll probably like the negative
karma right just in a bit there we go
interview finish those things are
serious a lot more serious and I thought
you have to well they'd like give you a
question and then you have to answer the
question but also includes the question
in your answer yeah it was quite
nerve-wracking but once we got into it
left in about 45 minutes
it got really easy and it was quite fun
so I think that is all the ITV filming
done for today I've got the new board
here it's a prototype so I have to give
it back but it's so much fun and I
really want one
haha wicked this thing is on Kickstarter
I've got the link in the description I
don't know all the different tiers I'll
to back this thing but whatever it is
I'm going to back it so I get 1 versus
live in the UK these tires I'm better
that work and all that fun that has a
jet yeah that these things are wicked so
just move back to the office to finish
you a little bit of work after what has
been an absolutely phenomenal morning 19
and going on ITV brilliant achievement
be proud I genuinely can't believe I'm
going on like mainstream TV YouTube's a
lot cooler than mainstream TV right
finish my work
film kirov gone I've had some fun I need
some me time I want to go and chill out
for a bit and do the things that I love
so today guys has been absolutely
phenomenal
I've loved right every second of it mess
about with Jed they've filmed with ITV
that has been a mega block if I do say
so myself it's been really cool also fo
the drone as well it's time to wrap this
thing up I'm getting a little bit of a
cold so it needs to get to bed I've been
so much stuff today I hope you guys have
enjoyed if you have a like would be
awesome days fun art or fun mail of
choice at the end of the video to end
today's video is awesome car early
birthday card here from Jason anyway
guys might as much you guys have been
awesome guys tails and keep smiling and
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog click
here to subscribe click here for
yesterday's vlog I'll catch you in the
next one addy
Oh
