hey Chris will you be my blog now why
don't you want to vendors like Chris
expose that was really quite camera shy
aren't you great you are morning guys
how are y'all doing my name is of course
Alex and welcome back to another day
vlog George you guys probably noticed
there wasn't the video yesterday I
didn't manage to put a video together a
perfect reason though I was it's pretty
cool I was doing this bit
Oh
Chris I need to take to the train
station now you only sleep now a little
bit right while some in town just drop
Chris at the train station amazed or pop
to the office see how things are getting
on I haven't been there in a few days
geez I know you can tell with the
weather outside is absolutely awful
today horrible oh all right
at least it's all nice and warm warm in
the office right I'm here it's been
holiday Monday uh hello office how you
doing everything okay yeah sweet okay
let's go Wow
that's wicked Wow urban jewel thanks for
the bracelet I'll be sure to you know
where the walls I've been in the office
today I'm going to here's the last 45
minutes Tristram some finishing touches
on these let me show you them check
these bad boys out so what I've done is
that it increases this leaflet which
that is the front of it that is the back
of it and I'm just going to go and I'm
going to post this through people's
letterboxes who are in the area who can
get my broadband but everybody says
fibre broadband is available here and I
put that little Ethernet cable thing and
then there's a bit of info about what
what you know what the plan is
I received a tweet from somebody one of
you guys I'm not with her and I thought
I'd talk about it because it is a wide
topic and I felt exactly the same and I
feel like I could shed a little bit of
light for you guys is it Alex I'm about
to sit my GCSEs in school I'm really
worried I have a revision what did you
get in GCSE I like some worry did it a
dessert I don't know what I want to do
when I'm older I think pretty much
everybody has thought that at some point
in their life an education is a risky
topic because education it goes deep
like talking like talking about money or
talking about religion mainly because
we're taught and brought up that
education is what is going to carriers
or takers into the future but the thing
is this future that we just can't wrap
hear me out right people sitting there
this year that are doing their exams
right now my average wait let me work
this out one two three
won't be retiring from work until twenty
sixty seven give or take a little bit no
one has a clip right no one has a clue
and this is why you shouldn't worry
about it because you can't do anything
about it don't worry about things that
you can't change I mean heck we don't
know what was going to look like in five
years or ten years like look okay let me
tell you this first up and you can feel
free to agree with me on this statement
or disagree when this statement if you
disagree I've looked at here Y in your
comment down in the comment section down
below but I believe right that people in
this world teach you that being wrong is
a bad thing nothing twist my words what
I don't mean is if you're wrong let's
say and you commit a crime you rob a
bank buy the wrong thing to do yeah the
wrong thing to do you should be punished
for that yes that is wrong I'm talking
about the basics of what two plus two
that sort of mistake and people teach
you that making mistakes is wrong when
it's not wrong at all I've made plenty
of mistakes in the past which you guys
have pointed out on a writ to meet the
high hell for in the comment section
down below there's a brilliant phrase
from a page called founder that says
don't worry about being wrong because
you only have to be right what what I'm
trying to say is don't worry okay try
not to worry about doing your GCSEs all
you can do is try your best I've always
said to myself is just do what you love
and the rest will fall into place I
hated school I hated it well hello I
didn't really enjoy school I love the
social aspect of it going out with
friends but I didn't enjoy the
educational part of it and I didn't get
the best GCSE but hey look I'm studying
I'm sitting my office I've tried to make
it look all cool and nice even I'm
waiting on some stuff for that oh yeah
I'm building an awesome room which I'm
like very proud of like this is this
awesome personal achievement of mine and
any look I'm aware that it's an attic
and it's like an old old rickety old
space and where does a muster because
I'm happy
I started up this blog to sort of blog
my journey I absolutely love making
YouTube videos and I love networking
wanna real guys be got
through the letterbox would you look at
it and throw it away or would it catch
your eye you guys could be honest in the
comments let me know right I've got an
idea I got this idea last night also
this is outside the door will open up
tomorrow so this is my idea right and
it's very Hotel er
hence I've got the idea in the hotel but
Chris booked last night
hear me out I know it's ridiculous but I
just think it'd be really cool to do a
bit pointless but still really cool to
do and I found it quite entertaining it
so the main - the main feature that
stood out to me when I got in my hotel
room yesterday evening for the Axl
Ingrosso concert that Christopher I
walked into the bathroom and I thought
it was a bath almost what oh my god
there was a TV a TV in front of the bath
like in the bathroom there was also a TV
in the main bedroom but it was
essentially like a TV there and I
thinking otherwise I wouldn't it be
absolutely wicked at home right because
usually he could do because just in here
is like my wealth server room but that
it's the other side of this wall and
it's also cut out down there and again I
get the gist is that brilliant of stupid
thing to do but it's just funny and cool
isn't it I'm mostly able to sit in the
back right with an xbox controller or
just watching some Netflix or something
or even just have some youtuber I very
rarely take baths right but I just
thought it would be a cool little
project we could do in the blog if you
guys thought that via that'll be a cool
thing to do
so similar you and I are going on a date
night tonight we're gonna grab a little
bit of food one of our favorite favorite
restaurants where I live for where we
live
guys would you guys like this if I was
to release some mars bar hoodie I need
to get some more shirts because I no
longer fit the current design let me
know guys if that is something that you
guys would want and that's some reason I
think it is especially if you live in
the UK because you know one week the
weather is beautiful and the next we get
this so is that we first ever have the
life download to try and show you guys
this but I've actually found a problem
with this MacBook Pro the I brought
primarily to do why do everyday make
these big logs right and it goes without
saying I dropped a lot of money on this
thing right a lot like over two and a
half thousand per bit closer to three
thousand pounds on this laptop right and
it's been watching my loss for a while
you know I've already have problems with
it my problems with where the trackpad
was going really slow and being and
responsive I have problems with the
speakers weren't working also the US DC
ports are really loose that this problem
that I've just found in the last two
days is driving me nuts right and it's
not going to seem like a big deal right
I remind the amount of money I've spent
on this thing okay can you see that like
that this line there's nothing there I
get the distinct sort of just darling
like every time I open up my editing
software which is Final Cut Pro can see
it on the great she says it's not very
noticeable on the camera my Brian delete
manam fault hello have you been hit or
anything because no marks on it
all the fun I'm so frustrated so annoyed
I'm going to take it back because it is
everything I do on this laptop which is
Photoshop and Final Cut I can just see
these button lines and it's getting
worse that's the bad bit though that was
a little bit there and now it's like a
line all the way across to that so I
know it's only a small thing but it
really has missed me off considering how
much I've spent on that to do you know
these these vlogs and stuff so if you
guys would let me know what will be best
to do without take it back to the Apple
Store or something will though just
replace it because I don't have time to
take it away and repair it prefer to
give it to them and give me a brand new
one soon as you know it's cost that much
and I need it on a daily basis to do
these videos but let guys let me know
what you think I should do with on that
front
I'm just bit don't if I'm being
overdramatic or not so I've gone through
all of the stuff that I've had in the
peer box recently right and this was
Maria's ideas she said at the end of
every video what you should do is try
and include a few like letters and stuff
and cool drawings this if there is any
so guys you want to send me anything the
peer box is down in the description now
this is absolutely awesome this is from
Lucy fudge awesome last name and there's
a Twitter and Instagram if you guys want
to go and follow that you can do that
drawing is absolutely wicked thank you
ever so much
and Lucy for that that is amazing we've
got Jordan Jordi Jordi Fox for this
awesome drawing here and then this
really made me laugh this was a work
hard anywhere attempt and it was work on
a very sort of picture with the toilet
and I make that made me laugh and then
there's this there's certainly these
awesome stickers here Hilux my name is
Angus and set me a load of Mars bar
stickers thank you very much to all the
selected people in the end of today's
video so guys you've enjoyed today's
video a like rating would be wicked and
if you do around here be sure to
subscribe and drop a comment down below
and then click this little button here
like should subscribe to the channel if
you're not already then click this one
here see yesterday's vlog and guys I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog oh yeah
