darling I know you darlings only two
days in the year only two days in the
entire year where you don't do anything
one of them is called yesterday and one
of them is called tomorrow so today
today love believe a mostly live
that's a cool read this morning and it
blew my mind and it's a Saturday mind
you I've been working all day which is a
shame because most of the day is gone
right now I've really got nothing left
to vlog today I've got no more work to
do today I've just finished off a client
edit in the office this morning if
you're going into doing something
thinking I want to get this over and
done with it's clearly something that
you don't want to be doing what I've
done is taken something that I
absolutely love and we do on my day off
hence white Saturday today most people
are just chilling and I've sat down
there for the last three hours and
edited a client video this morning I was
editing a YouTube video for you guys
which is going up tonight at 6:00 but
everyone has been asking me Alice what's
an update on the life um the last thing
you did was put these stupid things up
there but yeah you guys are right you
deserve an update to know what is
actually going on with this rule is very
very very very close in the grand scheme
of things to starting the main series as
you see I'm just waiting for the beings
to be painted I could pick up a
paintbrush and do it myself but the
builder has all the paint and he's left
with it he's coming back on Monday so
hopefully that should be finished then
and the Xu's we have the carpet down
we're ready to build the ultimate live
singing group right as I say I've
already got nothing major planned for
today's vlog it's going to be a kill one
today um let's go darling
how does I here right and I did a video
on this last few I think about week ago
maybe a couple weeks ago few weeks again
pretty much what went down was I said
guys do you always do a house tour right
I'm gonna do that today because every
single person was like hell to the yes
do a house tour
but tackle the house tour from a
technology standpoint right Alex what
have you done for the house in your
house on a technology standpoint so that
today is what we're going to do should
we do this yeah let's just pleasure
through this so well this is my house
right here right and I'm going to tell
you go through what I've done to make my
house sort of in a way smart but just
like fun to be in and I know what I will
tell you that I'm not a nerd with
everything like I do love technology
myself and it's something that I'm very
passionate about it something that I
know is amazing it's always going to be
an ever-expanding thing in the world
moving forward so it's always good to to
know what you're doing with it in
experiment but as it stands now this
right it's my house
let's go through systems to help things
up as you come up to the front door
there's one of these things a ring
doorbell now this thing is absolutely
awesome really special in its element
for two reasons one of them is security
and another one is ease of use right
this thing when you press it or it just
detects motion on the driveway I get a
notification on my phone which is in my
pocket all time the most convenient
thing about this is when I'm outside of
the house or when I'm not in the house
or safe um that's that detecting motion
me stood here right now is around the
house or away from the house and there's
a delivery man coming and he wants to
you know knock on the door and ask you
know is anybody in or whatever I can
dial into this I can have a two-way
communication with him I can speak to
the delivery man I can see him via the
720p camera and I can say yo dude leave
the parcel by the door I'll be back in
five minutes it's all good then I'm not
getting a delivery miss noticed my
parcels there everything's awesome by
the way absolutely nothing in this video
is sponsored so I'm going to come in
through the front door and I'm going to
around and I'm going to close the front
door and stand here and I'm going to say
to my phone hey Siri turn on the hallway
lights Hey
so these are just everyday light with
little things plugged into them they're
the plug that enable you to group them
together out hallway so I can say you
know and hey Siri turn on the light and
it turns on these two hormone life and
down here in my house is a little
Logitech security camera okay this is
going to be an odd one let's go out into
the garden
so music is a massive part of my life as
it is a lot of people so in my house
around my house I have installed in
almost every room the Sonos system hey
Burt say hi to the vlog bro if they hi
yeah now the Sonos system is a multi
room music system which is just
phenomenal so you go on is up here I'm
going to click garden and then I'm going
to go down here and it's going to show
me Apple music Spotify sound Clutton up
the volume so when we moved into the
house I the first thing I did was buy
these environmental speakers screw them
up up there into this like big wooden
statue thing and then the cables go
across into here and then I have a Sonos
unit which controls the music and it
does a wirelessly through your phone
same in all do the rooms I'm about to go
in the kitchen so what I'm going to do
is group the garden with the kitchen and
click done now you'll find that the song
that's playing in the garden
should also be on in here
pretty cool right all interesting I have
to rip the walls to pieces to run the
ethernet cables to these but yes these
are awesome right
these are in the kitchen okay google
play mars bar vlogs on kitchen TV I
think also with this thing control the
temperature of this room with Google
home but who the hell cares about that
and all that simply is is a Google home
and a chromecast behind the TV let's
give that a bit of volume so I've also
got a sono system installed in the gym
as well now wait here the subwoofer so
it's really really loud so when you're
working out you can have some really
lousy time and it makes ya oh I've got a
shout for this one okay google turn on
the lounge side lights a okay i don't
have a google home in years you have to
shout through to the kitchen one two
turn on these lights if you want it to
be automated oh man guys this is all
stuff that I have installed like myself
haven't on anybody else in to help me do
this is all stuff that I've just thought
of enjoy that be cool to do and try to
figure it out by myself but even this
room as well it was one of the first 4k
Samsung TVs that was ever made Samsung
ever made I've even put an LED strip
behind it look so in here to make use of
the 4k is the first 4k TV service in the
UK the sky queue so this is all running
in 4k and you can watch obviously
football and it's just been a lot I was
just watching the Arsenal and Chelsea
while I was sat down having my having
meticulous TV is running through well
what I have going on down here which is
an amplifier for the sound which is a
denim one we also have a Bose or Bose a
however you want to say it 5.1 since
stage acousto matter module there's a
subwoofer for you down there I tell you
all the Bose surround sounds a really
good like that aging sound
sounds really good that's pretty much it
for downstairs let's head upstairs all
the bedrooms in this house every single
one in this house all the bedroom well
most of them have these wireless access
point thing which is UAP AC h DS and
then should be like close to that up as
well and that we get the Internet
through that dish that's on the roof
there and come through a cable or a
fiber-optic cable it comes from that
dish up there which again is something I
install so as well in all the rooms
upstairs all the bedrooms as well I cut
our big hole in the roof and the
speakers in the room again the time with
the Sonos system I'm not going to show
you guys that again because you just get
the point it just plays music again same
thing in my bathroom I don't have it in
my bedroom but in my bathroom I have the
speakers in the roof with the Sonos and
I've put an LED strip of that the main
one is probably in my room this is the
testing grounds for everything so you
can see when I open the door my life
hopefully I'm not going to touch
anything should automatically yet all
the lights come on so the LEDs under
there that lamp two lamps over there the
DEF cadiz the school up there and then
when I go to bed at night I can say hey
Siri goodnight goodnight enabled until
we talk again that has turned the school
off it's turned my monitors off and it's
turned all the lights off hey Siri turn
on the monitors so in here I'm calling
testing out Alexa how you doing I'm fine
fine sorry I'm not sure how to help with
that so with those two assistants in
here I could do things like Alexa turn
off the bed LEDs Alexa turn off the
stone lamp okay Alexa turn off the
wooden table okay and again with the
Google assistance I could say hey Google
Play mkbhd from YouTube on Alex's room
both my complicated mess of a network
that runs the whole shop and then that's
my nap and consoles and my main computer
which is a lot of the brains behind
everything the amplifier that runs my
room I've got the chromecast and a fire
stick plugged into there I can even
check I can even if I swipe up on my
control sensor it says Alex's Roo
door open well they got that correct so
if you have any questions guys and more
than happy to try and help you out if
you want to try and do the same thing in
your house all you want to do you know a
little aspect of it then then I'll be
sure to you know try to help you out if
you need some help but for now that's
been like a mini house tour forward
slash smart home tech kind of thing hey
there's the man there we go I didn't bro
so that was in the kitchen with me and
is currently in my spare room in my
house right now is my old friend from
college called crib Chris is actually a
music producer right and he produces
some proper top-notch stuff it's really
cool as you guys know I absolutely love
creative people so the reason Chris is
here is because tomorrow which is going
to be Sunday
Chris and I are jetting off down to well
London for an actual Ingrosso concert
my next vlog will be on Monday and we've
got a super fun packed week sipping our
gas mine has been Alex you guys have
been awesome I'm off to London tomorrow
and I'll see you guys on Monday I do
