young
this see all this traffic this is why I
didn't take the car today oh my god it's
so hot it is so hot and I've lost my
other glasses I think what I'm not one
of those people that that complains once
the weather gets good because it's too
hot but he just is too hot Friday
morning arrived into the office the
people that are new to the channel
you've whole thing that I've been riding
this electric skateboard to the office
the last three days
and it's been really fun doing it I
fallen off it a few times we've got a
few cooked here in there but on the most
part it's been a really fun thing to do
so let me taught you guys through it
because it's contrary to popular belief
it's not a boosted wall this is
something else
this board is very by a company called
slick revolution I think it says it
somewhere on there oh is the wrong way
around
ah slick revolution and it's more of a
longboard than anything else if I was
going to say that it has a flex in the
middle I've done a whole video on it on
my tech Channel if you want to check it
out just go to tech flow on YouTube I've
been a proper dedicated with you on this
thing essentially it has four wheels
that are orange in color that's why
people get it confusing the booster
board it's not a flip it upside down
which is a bit of an inconvenience every
time you want to turn it on you press
the little button it tells you how much
charge has got out for LED lights I've
got three left
I think we're listen you can probably
get about 10 miles on it in my usage
once you power on you push the
controller sit up table full speed mode
then you press the button to turn it on
then the controller that's amazing then
arm you step on it and then just go so
essentially with the controller you have
the on button which is at the top you
have these three lines I have no idea
what they mean this is your brake you
pull it back to brake it has no reverse
and then to go forward you push it up
I do have a think a five or 10% off code
as I remember I'll put it in the
description but yet that's the board
then worry I've gone ahead and fixed the
battery bank and Bluetooth speaker tree
nothing was harmed in the making of this
video especially you mr. elephant your
moment we came to the office and got
this part right here and I note it down
but it sounded it said it says that DJ I
I have it ordered anything from DG I
recently in my videos I've been talking
about getting a maverick
they have since then released a new ago
which looks like it's aimed at
like amateur uses which is called the
DJI spark I really want to get one of
them for my brother
so some Jacob I hope you're not watching
but I'm sure he would love to mess
around with a DJI spark as was I any new
technology but let's see what's in here
as I said I have I haven't ordered
anything from DJI though this could just
be like a massive fix it might be just a
DJI box that doesn't have any DJI
products in it whatsoever but for some
reason I think it might
well is it said why void it wait a
minute oh it's a DJ I thrown up no way
actually it
oh we're kid it's the Osmo mobile budget
mobile DJ I thank you I will continue
this video with a short review just to
let you know I have absolutely zero idea
what I'm doing I'm sorry guys I took it
out you all need to be real disappointed
with me I just had to look in the manual
apparently that you have currently
there's an app that you need I'm sorry
okay so is the DJI Go app that you use
to control my inspire one the inspire
what other should be the ROG my mobile
connect to your device oh whoa hello the
firmware update a firmware update from I
give all my god this is so weird
this is so strange like how fluid is
that as I'm walking around like Dave I
was walking around that is that like
super super oh my oh my look at that
wha right I'm on the front camera I'm
gonna run up into my office right now
like run of these stairs right three two
one so cool what's the back kind of like
that you can call them what's that like
right they wants to walk out here now
into my office which is just in here is
that smooth is that smooth or was that
smooth it got a TV there soundbar
looking sweet with all the equipment all
okay this I'm proper ate this thing this
thing is awesome I really hope the video
is turning out as good as it looks on
here well they didn't move out the way
for me but it made a good tracking shot
sorry a bit from the BBQ I managed to
pass right can you see how it keeps the
phone still if you move the bottom bit
around can you see how it keeps it still
yeah is that cool
it's going to the office Friday night
the grind what to do jet you going never
stops
cooing holla trigger knew that the
pepper grind is real we did a well
networking video last week that's got
like an absolute ton of views which
we're really proud of so that went
really well we're working hard with more
videos rendering out that's why our task
has been this Friday evening the grind
of the stop scene Friday evening at 8:00
p.m. - I plan occur on the grind yeah
let's do it
Oh so there we go that wraps up that
evening a sweaty evenings work into were
I'm sweating it's not because I've
worked very hard I mean I have done well
that's not the main reason the main
reason is the obvious it's 20 degrees 59
at 9:30 p.m. guys before today's video
wraps up I want to say this is wicked
and this is really cool DJ I thank you
for sending out I appreciate it I didn't
ask for it so thank you feeling extra
generous I'd love the spark so I could
play with that with my brother I'm sure
he'd appreciate that
so much and also you know like good fog
anyway guys my name's Ben Alex you guys
have been awesome guys sales and keep
smiling I'll catch you guys in
tomorrow's vlog adios
