good morning guys how are you all doing
my name is of course Alex and actually
I've just told you a lie it's not
morning guys it is the afternoon right
now I'm feeling proud of myself after
what I've done this morning and I've
done it so many times if I look out my
window right now and I don't like to
show you guys like really close out of
the window because obviously know the
majority of you guys are really really
nice decent people but obviously if I go
showing the outside of my house and this
has happened before I get people turning
up here outside my gates and there's
someone there right now
hello mysterious man but guys if I go
and look out of my window right now
pretty much all the houses now have got
my dishes on them I sell Internet to
pretty much all the houses I can see
around me I've just pretty much done the
last the last house in the village this
morning so everything is going really
really well needed a coffee though to
wake me up I've been out in the cold all
morning guys one thing is really always
important to do no matter what area of
expertise you are in whether you're
doing a project for something maybe
school or university or you're actually
working in the real world this Alexa
thing doesn't work rubbish
turn them on myself like a normal person
what was I saying
oh yeah it's always good to recognize
when you've done something well and not
to give yourself a pat on the back and
stop there the reason I like to
recognize guys what I've done well if
you've done well in something is so you
can think to yourself right I've done
this and I've done this well and I've
recognised that now how did I do it well
and how can I improve on that in the
future again it's not being vain giving
yourself a pat on the back as long as
you're doing it in the right way just
make sure you're always pushing yourself
forward and into the future right I need
to do something that I haven't done in a
long time and it's very overdue and I
feel kind of bad that I that I haven't
done it yet
so you guys there we go car is all clean
out on the driveway now I want to talk
about something in today's vlog that
I've had a lot of questions about I've
done numerous videos guys in the past
where I've talked to you about how to
build gaming setups and how to do
certain things with gaming helps I've
done ones about cable management and you
guys seem to love them they use get
upwards of like a hundred thousand views
which is absolutely brilliant and I get
this question quite a lot from you guys
and I just always never answer it I just
always thought it's a little bit of a
self-explanatory question right how to
maintain your gaming setup how to make
sure it's always looking at its best
yeah he's actually slowing now can you
guys see that my camera wants to focus
he's actually slowing so guys there's a
few things that you all need to know
about cleaning gaming setups right and
the first most important one is that you
need to get the most expensive piece of
material to clean your gaming set look
that you can afford for me that's this
louis vuitton scarf right so I claim I'm
joking I am joking
that is ridiculous so guys here are some
microfiber cloths now this bit is
actually really important so this is my
draw of phone stuff and as you can see a
lot of you will have these sort of small
microfiber cloths that have come with
like screen protectors and phone cases
around the house ok these little cloths
well they're great for cleaning cleaning
a small phone or maybe a laptop screen
but when you're trying to clean your
entire gaming setup you need something a
little bit bigger than just one of these
so I know what you probably are thinking
Alex you're absolutely mental I can't
believe you take this that seriously you
absolute loser I know that's probably
it's been typed in the comments already
I can see it right but hold on pretty
much a stupid thing to say because this
my desk and what I do what I do the
majority of my work is something I'm
very proud of right and somebody wanting
to look after their possessions and
treat them with the utmost respect
especially expensive possessions well if
you're gonna laugh at that then joke's
on you really um I'm doing this video
because you guys asked me so I use these
two rather large microfiber cloths right
and as you can see this one's dirty and
this one well this one is clean right
and I'm gonna put links to these clots
in the description these are special
cloths and they have a special material
on each one this one guys is a lot
thicker and it's good for removing dirt
and stains this one on the other hand is
for polishing screens right remove the
dirt then polish the reason I do it this
way with these big cloths is because the
same cloths can can can clean things
like your screens and your speakers and
your monitors
your keyboard and mouse and the actual
desk
and then this I've only ever bought one
bottle of this in my entire life it's
all empty I need to get some more I'll
drop a link to this in the description
but this is called clean ology right
it's brilliant stuff it's scented but
I'm not really bothered about that all I
care about is this makes things shine
and also removes dirt at the same time
in one unique package so essentially
I've got three screens right here it's
just a simple one two three one on the
desk one on the keyboard one on the
mouse and then you remove the dirt with
cloth number one
so you guys now as you can see the whole
thing is looking a lot cleaner even the
stands all the way to the monitors but
now what you do once you've used Clutton
and the one and got rid of all of that
all of the dirt and stuff with you know
this stuff which I'm gonna try and link
in the description then it's time to
pick up the cleaning cloth go ahead and
just slowly go over all of the monitor
edges like this in a circular motion and
this should just get rid of any smears
and smudges that you may have left with
the other cloth and now guys as you can
see if i zoom right into absolutely
everything on the desk giving you guys a
bit of a macro look it's probably taken
me about 15 to 20 minutes to clean to
clean this desk but every little inch of
it is absolutely spotless and all of
these guys is this clean ology and two
microfiber cloths and getting even more
technical guys these are actually
washing machine safe so when they do end
up getting really dirty you throw them
in the washing machine
they'll be clean you don't have to buy
new ones I'll put these in the
description even if you don't like your
things to be clean and it's not really
something that actually bothers you do
really good habit to get into because it
shows that you care that you don't take
things for granted and that you enjoy
what you have a great example of this
would be that I asked one of my friends
why he never cleaned his van he does
like installs and stuff he's like a bit
of a handy guy and he has a van and he
says Alex it's not a sports car it's a
van you don't need to clean it and I
look to him like you arrive at clients
houses in this van you don't understand
a subliminal message that would go
across to the client versus you turning
up in a dirty van and a clean one I
think looking after your belongings is
something everybody should do no matter
no matter what you own
soothing guys with a nice clean car
outside and a nice clean setup done
hopefully the right way but now it's
time for CrossFit
let's get
Lenz's a bit dirty a vlog all about
cleaning things probably best not have a
dirty dirty lens so guys I'm all back
from a CrossFit really difficult session
today I need to get going to CrossFit a
little bit more a lot of you guys have
rightly been saying Alex why'd you gets
CrossFit you don't really put on any
muscle go into CrossFit it's more of
just like agility and I'm sort of just
like building stamina and that's exactly
what I want to do I'm not in this game
to look like some like massive ripped
person I don't wanna do that all I just
wanna I just wanted generally in all
aspects get fitter and CrossFit is
absolutely brilliant for that so guys I
need you all to help me right now
because we've got all of this stuff here
that we need to be that we need to be
giving away most of shout out to courser
they sent this stuff up before Christmas
and I'm trying to organize a giveaway
off my own back out of my own money for
two iPhone X's on my social medias and
for you guys to enter I said to you all
you have to do is follow me on Twitter
and snapchat no not on snapchat
well Twitter snapchat and Instagram all
three links in the description but I saw
been keeping quiet about it because it's
so hard to get hold of an iPhone X in
the UK like they go out of stocks so so
so so quickly
you guys know don't do fake giveaways
and you guys know I do a lot of
giveaways of how people are literally
accusing me of doing fake giveaways
because they've followed me and I
haven't given them the phone anyway I'm
working on that but we do have guys
loads of corsair stuff to give away and
then guys actually up here
oh no no guys just give me one second to
clean this up
I think guys what I'm trying to say here
is I've got loads of stuff in the office
there well I don't really I don't really
need all that corset gear and obviously
course I've sent it out to give away and
I've got here an i5 processor Windows 10
I've got this ITX case here if you guys
go on google and search this case here
i've also got an SSD and some ramen a
cooler here I think guys what I want to
do is build another computer but then
give it away with this case so we're dry
making is overkill as possible what what
part should we use in the computer or
build on a live stream and then give it
away to one of you guys in the comments
but for now guys room all tidy well I
kind of missed the bear but that's what
I want to do guys I want to go ahead and
build a computer on stream with you guys
because I know all of you enjoy it they
got like a thousand live viewers which
is amazing so we'll do that and then
I'll give it away let me know what parts
we should use down in the comments and
in the meantime guys probably tomorrow
I'm gonna clear all this out put it up
there in the storage room and it's gonna
look like even more of an expensive mess
but you guys again down in the comments
so unsnap John Twitter or anywhere I'll
see it in the comments let me know an
inventive way as to how I should give
these away and heck guys maybe I'm
double bluff in you all maybe the person
that puts the best where I can give
these away will be the winner of some of
these things mm-hmm you guys I'm sneaky
but I'm knocks I just told you what I'm
doing food time
sui-lan guys the formula for a perfect
day for me today absolutely smashed out
work this morning guys installed a
client which is absolutely awesome came
back did some email work then wash the
car vendor the whole thing about the
setup for you guys on the vlog as always
guys it's lovely to take care of well
what you love and even my analogy
earlier you don't have to have a
Lamborghini to look after what you own
whatever it is that you own whatever it
is you want to look after do it with
pride then guys did some exercise today
went to CrossFit burn the hell a lot of
calories then went from meal with one of
my best mates and now I'm back here
talking to you guys ending today's vlog
guys I really hope you did enjoy today
and I recently guys have been listening
to a lot of music because I'm trying to
weigh up whether it's going to be worth
it spending the five thousand pounds on
my new music listening setup at the new
house and if you don't know what I'm
talking about
go ahead and watch yesterday's vlog
because I kind of explain it all back
but for now
my name is Vinay this guy's you guys
have been awesome guys stay out and keep
smiling and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog be sure to follow
me on all my social medias guys adios
