hey guys good morning how are we all
doing my name is of course Alex this is
the third day in a row right now where
we've got what we're in the UK I'm in
the centre of the UK and Nottingham sure
and we've got some pretty fantastic
weather like this is it just makes you
feel good man doesn't it like look at
this well there are three last night of
the seven this morning I've been in the
gym edited yesterday's video well about
three quarters of it I'm going to go
outside and edit the rest of it in a
minute actually right now I'm going to
go outside not gonna let any of this
sunshine escape me
I'm going to work outside until my
laptop battery died and that isn't going
to be for very long turning on 25% guys
welcome to the vlog so go ahead awesome
stuff AB awesome stuff to hopefully go
ahead and make better YouTube videos
we've got a big box and a smaller you
thought I let you down these boxes
they're quite light both of them that
one especially to the size of it right
I've seen the time I've got a meeting in
10 minutes I need to get to the office
to time totally escape me but open these
when when I get back from a meeting
hang on a minute I bet that's boiling in
there isn't it
oh my god cars boiling in there it's
like an oven uh please be charged please
don't charge oh I put it on charge wait
is it
is absolutely phenomenal dated outside
it's like 28 degrees I live in England
some more boxes arrive into into the
office here you go look now I'm like 20
minutes left my meeting Alex stop hello
okay no can't find me of the received it
that's not fair missing over I honestly
hate like doing business stuff like the
business side of business like
accounting and bookkeeping and I
adorable to a large portion my time is
going at the moment that's a cloud key
it's for that room when we do the series
DJ ah hey that's interesting I think I'm
going to save that one for a rainy day
and leave that package there from DJI
it's a very sunny day today and I've
already got some packages that I really
need to open and when I open them you'll
realize why I need to open them the
things I actually genuinely need to do
what I do
this Gorillapod God dang it God's sake I
need to go and see how much an air
conditioning unit is for this room
because we know any of us decoying the
Sun and then you open the car door after
a few hours it's boiling inside the car
that's what it feels like in this room
that's not good all the room is so hot
okay I'm going to need to buy an AC unit
for this room that's on the list to do
tomorrow
minor injury oh yeah I fell off the
skateboard
no biggie though I'm sure we'll be okay
I'm sure we'll live well there comes a
time that everybody's been waiting for
I've been waiting for this all day all
of you wanted all week since I ordinate
because this is going to be a game
changer for me right how many open these
boxes what this little black thing here
that's interesting okay I'm going to
turn this into a little thing on the
channel that these are knives just
hilarious anyway let's get straight in
things that a hoarders aren't as big are
as big as these boxes may suggest they
are absolutely essential and one of the
things with a lot of money and I'm
actually pretty skeptical about whether
whether it's going to be any good or not
first like them sweet an actual working
gorilla pod this is going to be
maximally massive upgrade because wait
let me train those you guys can actually
even see on there but these rubber
things are just all absolutely destroyed
from the year that I've had this thing
the amount of times this camera is
fallen because of this gorilla pod got
dents all over the lens these things
there's really annoying because they're
so expensive going on camera I'll put
you on your new home for the next I
don't know few months threw you on to
there is so much better it's incredible
how these things degrade over time that
is so much better right this box this
this one is interesting because I'm are
looking a little bit oh I'm going to
return it because it was very very
expensive
Oh hopefully you guys are going to enjoy
the sound of this bad boy so I've been
using rode microphones for absolutely
years I've had this one on top of my
camera it's the old generation of rode
videomic pro they dont sell it anymore I
got it off ebay Hughes secondhand I've
got like fifty quid off it last year
when I bought it it's falling off the
top of my car it's had numerous bands
the shock mounts broken I bought a new
shock mount it goes through a lot this
one it's the competition it's one pound
more expensive than the newer version of
the microphone I'm currently using I put
links to all this stuff in the
description as well as the gorilla pod
and the current setup that I'm using da
7s
yada yada yada I will drop it all down
there in the description for you guys
all that feels so good
all the met is metal the included
batteries know what look at this
mechanism that you use to do the
batteries in an outlet ready that is
sick I really hope this is worth it one
double a battery in she goes right I'm
going to have to alter the settings but
this is going to go from the rode
videomic pro right to be sure microphone
what our lag right testing testing
testing testing testing one two three
alpha Bravo Charlie rising hey guys
what's going on how does that sound
I think you have the levels a little too
high in the kitchen I've come into the
lounge because we've got carpeting sofas
and curtains in here so it should be a
very good room for acoustics instead of
being in the echoey kitchen this is the
new sure microphone - sure it sounds
good how'd you get the pun I bet say I
do in can you per for us to test out the
mic or or not
hopefully that's um HD purring right
there cool new mic out with the old in
with the new new gorillapod this feels
like a new camera with all this stuff
so - actually Maria and i's one-year
anniversary today but he's been super
super ill all day yesterday and even
worse today so i haven't seen her or
being able to see it all day because
she's been really super warm outside and
unfortunately she's had to spend the
whole day in bed which is really
annoying but mid-afternoon now i'm going
to go around and see it for a little bit
make sure she's alright so i'll catch
you guys when I'm back yeah sweet
basically guys I really hope this new
equipment is working to its full
potential you guys can hear me on some
crisp AAS levels and it's Gorillapod
it's definitely hell
Meowth honestly a bit of a downer
working with equipment everyday that's
just not up to scratch no I turned the
mics going on every morning knowing that
it's old it's battered and I'm sure it
doesn't sound as good as it should do
and then when I'm there trying to record
the gorilla pods falling over all the
things on it it just feels horrible to
feel and touch and it's honestly quite a
motivation using equipment to do the job
that just isn't up to scratch and when
you know it's you know you know it isn't
subscribed just really the motivate you
anyway guys management I like sure you
guys have been awesome guys stales and
keep smiling I catch you guys in
tomorrow's block where we can test out
this equipment idea
