these things have arrived and I have no
idea will I do now what they are this is
cool
these are Philip Q LED strips and that
is the Philips you'll extension if the
company you spend a lot of time on the
packaging of the product they've gone to
lend us to make it look aesthetically
pleasing then 90% of the time you're
probably not going to be disappointed
with the products there we go guys a
clean workspace is the happy workspace
now we can start the day I need to head
for a little bit of bridge this is just
blow my mind either more company's
attention to detail so this is a product
by itself the Philip pew LED strip are
very very very powerful probably the
most expensive LED strip you can buy and
then this is the extender kit for it a
totally separate product but if you put
the boxes together it actually creates
now when talking about a product or a
company wanting to sell yourself the
small things going the extra-mile
that attention to detail really moves it
from 99 to 100%
g-guys merci Maria's dog or a massive
dog in the past wicked so Maria and I
were going to go out into town and get
some lunch but she's not feeling very
well so come on to her house she's
cooked dinner well she hasn't been
feeling very good oh sorry early lunch
brunch type thing
so quitting they're back I will sort
these out a little bit later this
evening of happiness home right now
because well I need to chuck everything
in this bag
super super quickly like my Matt charger
and Magnum actual market sells anything
else what am I going to need phones
the reason being and ok Google what's
the weather like today in London I'm not
going to take a jumper I'm going to
leave my shorts on that might be a bad
idea seeing is what I'm actually going
to go and do in London right now Karn I
glanced down at my my wallet which I
always keep in my car
publisher said that on the Internet
anyway a glance down it was a little
black thing hanging out of it and I
thought what's that and then I
remembered what it was it was it I got
three of them in the peer box tonight or
yesterday evening so I'm about to go to
London right and I have this in my
wallet I put it in there without
thinking someone to tell me them in the
peer box I thought they were cool and
it's this little thing it's also like a
card if you look good in just like a
normal car go like that with it and then
it's a really sharp blade you see that
yeah you fold it out like that then what
you can do is fold that bit over and not
bit under clip them together and then
you've literally got a knife right to
carry that round that's gotta be illegal
hasn't it this has to be illegal I'm not
really sure what the laws are in the UK
but that I think I'm going to leave that
in the office I don't think I want to
have that on me person especially with
all the stuff that's happening the world
at the moment able to think I'm up to
absolutely anything with that guys let
me know if you're allowed to carry
things like that around we give up
illegal if it isn't I'm in the UK quick
stop of the office everything looks to
be ok I came to try and find my GoPro
but I don't know where it is right I
need to get to London I'm going to miss
my train if I don't go now
so I'm here in London is some ground
come free sing I'm really not sure why
I'm here but I may as well go find our
way around and then doing this Oh master
I think this is probably so walk and
understand and walking cover ie you know
everything everywhere the mobile
companies if environment absolutely I
wasn't going to come clear singles in
our time but I don't like to pass up
opportunities think of always taught
myself if I get an opportunity it's
always best to do it so over you know
type things a bit more professional than
just saying Yolo just take every
opportunity you get because why not
paradise so much corn what have never
done counting enjoyable so I go by my
missile in do look at the truck and the
two levels to it what we go to ramble is
cool man
we all gotta know how to play the game
MacGyver boy have I got an I ahead of me
tonight so the e Grand Prix was
absolutely awesome so he invited me down
to what they were calling the EE Grand
Prix I was skeptical at first I got
there and I had the most amazing time
ever so it was indoor karting which had
never done before the cards who using
were electric so as soon as you put your
foot on the accelerator
you know as soon as you put your foot
down it was just instant power because
they're electric cars it was all indoor
you guys don't believe me but that guy
that was in the helmet was actually the
original Stig like genuinely the
original Stig right he was there it was
awesome
I came night out of 80 in places which
is pretty good consuming that was the
third time in my life that I've been
carting I also got this really cool
shirt that's got my name there so Alex
why has he got such a busy night ahead
of you well I've actually planned to
pull out my bed and put these LED strips
behind the headboard right but it's
quite late at night I am very tired so I
don't think I'm going to do but there's
more of those nice things
I've got obviouly that's gotta be
illegal to carry around with you that
what I bought this extension strip for
them secondhand off eBay because the
whole thing to do Philips you and put
the litter everywhere it is just so
ridiculously expensive like that so that
plugs into there
so to get this strip of LEDs right is
literally that long it goes from there
round to there with the join in the
middle these are so expensive
I'd never pay retail price more than
ever so I'm constantly on eBay looking
for these things to see if anybody's you
know selling them cheap so I paid $13.99
to the extender and then the actual LED
strip with the controller which I need
to set up now I paid $24.99 for
secondhand the only thing wrong with it
is that in some places there's no 3m
tape but it looks like this 3m tape
pretty much know it is coming up I'll
use lock tighten secure them in place
anyway however how much would this cost
if you're going to buy from Amazon
person ok $69.99 for the strip and then
how much for the extender 1995 rounded
up 20 plus 70 that a equals 90 pounds
990 pounds for this that needs up now
anyway
turn on the bed LEDs the bed legs set
the bed legs to pink okay so I got them
for a steal I'm super happy I love how
they perform that's why I buy them but I
would not pay retail for them anyway
guys I'm going to go ahead and get some
sleep I'm absolutely knackered after my
spontaneous trip to London today and
it's also Maria and i's one-year
anniversary if you've missed count the
hiccup that happened so tomorrow I'm
going to be spending some time with her
but for now guys - but I like you guys
have been awesome guys they all some
keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog ideas
you
