somebody shot my name outside in the
picture where are they
all right yeah you in the blog so
everybody say hi text me as soon as you
can in a bit finished and we've also
heard eyewitnesses talking about the
smell of explosives one eyewitness told
the BBC that there were nuts and bolts
on the floor this morning I've been to
the train station to drop Maria after
she can go back to University for the
day in Manchester today this morning or
much rather last night at 10:00 p.m. a
bomb went off at the Manchester Arena
which was well police are treating it as
a terrorist attack and it just really
shocked me because I had never been to
Manchester before my girlfriend Maria
actually went started to get to
University there and I went down to
visit her every other week and I learned
to sort of love the city itself and
Chester is the home of what obviously
some great football teams but as well as
that it's home of the person that made
the first ever computer it has great
community
I've always loved shopping around the
arm Dale and it's a shame that things
like this happen especially a concert
and the most shocking factor about that
is it's a concert full of children and
kids and it saddens my heart to have to
sit here and tell you guys this is what
happened even though you've already
heard it because it's been all over the
news
chill mob today
but if you guys can tell from this shot
that maybe this one the offices are met
Ted and I have been working on Ted flow
videos all morning and created a little
bit of a mess unintentionally MindView
never set out to create such a mess in
retrospect it's a little bit annoying
because now about 100,000 packing foam
pieces to clear up which is never fun
there's some big boxes that some
computers and stoves been working on
tech slow videos Ted is getting on with
some editing over in the other office
what so could have swum someone was shot
in Mars bar outside the office
somebody shout my name outside another
picture where are they right then I've
got a quick meeting I need to go to
right now Jed right okay I'm going to go
and look when I come back in like five
minutes
no an hour and five minutes I want the
office clean so Jed you in a more fun
come on get a picture then okay yeah you
in the blog so ever to say hi sweetie
good yeah yeah good god you arrived at
one of my favorite meeting locations
I found them boathouse it's amazing I've
also done their wireless install by last
week so part of the relationship with
these guys
so meeting over and done with right now
I'm going to spend the whole day
creating particular videos and take
trouble attempt to in my mind of all
those Manchester all those Manchester do
that hopefully with the detox that's it
doesn't me
cheers mate don't be hope today I
appreciate it they cool so my plan first
starting my day earlier I'm really
working that well you're going to be I'm
going to be 100% honest with you sort of
told you guys and as you guys have seen
over the last few days I've been getting
up a lot early I've been up for 6:30
a.m. seven o'clock I know that's not
only for a lot of people it's early for
me it's early for me considering I don't
go to bed until like 3:30 because I'm up
editing this episode or whatever so try
to tune your body into doing it's doing
something that it can do but it just
need to be tuned into doing is sometimes
a little bit difficult so why'd you take
flow videos because I was actually
really really distraught about the whole
Manchester thing and everything going on
especially because it's my girlfriend
second well is essentially her second
home and I dropped off at the train
station this morning to head back to
Manchester I've just been worried sick
stability with you all day if it doesn't
teach anything honestly it's really up
saying if it doesn't teach anything all
a bit it really does hit home to live
every day every day as a vision last
there we go a big field so that the
controller is up there we've got one
cable coming down for the LEDs that are
going to go behind the TV one goes down
there for that side one goes down there
for that side the controllers up there
because it puts the IR receiver here you
can go ahead and change the color of all
the LEDs whilst being in this room
instead of having to reach around that
corner it's time for me to re-import a
section of this vlog that I used to do
once a week and since they got really
busy I managed to stop doing it somehow
I haven't done it in such a long time
this is going to be fun so guys it has
been a while and this is what I want to
bring back to the blogs doing it once a
week
I used to do on Sunday evening so I
think I'm going to color in that
tradition toby is going to start coming
around on Sunday evenings again so we
can have our dominoes and Lowell set and
I is going to be a little bit of routine
that's going to be coming back into my
life which I absolutely love but doing
this Pierre box opening I sort of forgot
about it for a while because we've just
been so busy on the channel been doing
so much stuff but let's kick this off
with this one by the way if you guys do
want to send anything the Pierre box is
that you guys can see that our time
folks it's also in the description you
go ahead and send it obviously put a
postage stamp on it and hopefully I'll
try to feature it in the park okay so
what do we have here we have a oh hi
Alex of course you've never heard of me
my name is Jamie I'm 14 and I love your
videos of course all your challenges had
commitment kindness love and I've
decided to take upon myself some time to
make a plaque for your door for the tech
flow setup how have you done this Jamie
that's wicked a lot of people that make
things like I just love that whoa he's
serving a portable battery bank like
with the walk and a 10 pound no not real
yeah hi there like my name is a badge
and I really use your channel called
tech Tuesday and it's based off of take
slow I started I started it as I was in
the passion for videography like
yourself I started when I was 13
keep doing what you do can you please
read this on the blog well there you go
I don't man I don't do that but thanks I
appreciate it
you know what the hell is this whoa nah
man whoa that's cool man about three of
this wait a minute this P box is turning
mad like we have another Jamie in the
house that wrote me a Christmas card
obviously this one slips through the
peer box man I'm sorry I didn't open it
near a Christmas but thanks for the
lovely words man that's awesome does
look kid
tomorrow's Bar a five-pound note you and
Roman Atwood on my favorite youtubers
hives my name is Ollie I've been
watching the videos for just over half a
year now and you inspire me so much I
didn't know what I wanted to be until I
started watching you I want to do films
and graphic design don't deserve this
like why you guys giving me money and
look at this wait a minute so someone's
given me an iPhone case and someone's
given me a ten pound note and then here
that's falling out of this that fell out
that came out and then guys you can't do
this man I don't deserve this I don't
deserve this I can't take this I thank
you from the bottom of my heart my buddy
undeserved huh huh guys look between you
and me I'll make these videos online
right and I get paid through the adverts
that go at the start of these videos
look you guys don't need to send you
know to send money and stuff I say that
in the nicest way possible there's more
guys please don't send me things like
this in the peer box please don't
because it makes me feel so bad I don't
know what to do with it I know what to
do with it I don't know what to do it
okay because of the people that have
sent me money obviously have wanted this
money to go to me okay I feel that I
don't deserve it and
don't want to give people's money away
because this isn't my money this is some
money that somebody sent me out of the
kindness of their own heart so what I'm
going to do is to fill your needs I'm
going to keep ten pounds of it okay all
right and I'll get myself some drinks
when I go out next time I'm out thank
you so much
the rest of this right giving man
okay there's a goal here I found a
phrase 93% of it seven hundred and three
thousand pounds okay for the for the for
the killing and injured in Manchester
today I'm going to donate the rest of
this 20 40 60 75 I don't deserve it and
please stop sending me money in the peer
box guys please please please be pleased
I'm going to go donate that 75 pounds
okay so this Just Giving page for the
Manchester fatality is in Manchester and
I'll keep ten pounds of it the next time
when I go out and into town or something
and I want to buy some drinks okay again
if you were involved in any of the
Manchester attacks today you haven't and
you know anyone that was involved or
your users you'd feel like you want
someone to talk to I'm always here on
Twitter I'll try and reply to you I
promise I will hit me up I'm at miles
were gaming I'm easy to talk to just
honestly don't be scared just reach out
to me if you want to chat at multiple
gaming on Twitter and I'll try and show
you guys as much as I can thank you so
much for sending all the stuff in the
beer box means the world to me guys I
will see you in tomorrow's vlog okay
okay yeah
we want
Oh
