bye-bye elgato capture card yeah okay
subscribers in the street wanting to
sign look how keep a sharpie in the car
yeah have a girl be my caddy I don't
miss an absolutely gorgeous day today
done gorgeous that I should really be
wearing shorts instead of long trousers
and jeans and things and I should have
my flippy floppies on instead of the
reason I'm wearing these massive Jordans
which I've had for about two years and I
took them to Australia and they're
absolutely battered group like have you
seen these things I need to get some new
one these mean a lot to me though
because a fan a fan of subscribe to my
youtube channel actually designed these
on the night idea website and I love the
design that much I wouldn't for them so
they've got a sentimental value to me as
far as that's concerned but I do need to
get some more so guys this morning I've
been to the post office post it up and I
will gasps oh that I gave away on my
snapchat guys I'm doing like a bit of
giveaway yesterday on the YouTube
channel specifically I do a lot of
giveaways on QC I did a giveaway a
couple days ago on my snapchat for an
old gas so it lasted two days and I've
certainly all gast√≥n off to the winner
earlier today so make sure you go and
follow me on all my social medias
because I'm going to be doing giveaways
on my Instagram snapchat with their
everything Facebook's a go and follow
all the social medias there in the
description I then took some rubbish
from this room to the skills that are a
little bit clearer room looking super
tidy got the balls open a little bit of
spanner welcome to Mars media plus home
fixed wireless broadband and wireless
solution this is going to be the website
that's going to cater for all of the
networking things that I'm going to be
doing well I never new business is
always good to tell everybody what the
goal is
we specialize in the design and
implementation for tailor-made public
Wi-Fi and private Wi-Fi solutions to
meet the
your business or residential clients we
will conduct a professional site survey
with ESS software to find the best
solution for your premises our services
include installation of point-to-point
p2p wireless solutions as well as
general Network troubleshooting and
installations for small homes and
businesses
that's going to put out though that's
enough for that I've been website I've
been doing this for the last three hours
it's midday and needs some suit good old
Royal Mail to exam oh sorry got my sub
got my post I'm gonna go home for a bit
Hey
so about two years ago I would have
referred to this room as the gaming deck
I did a series on my main channel Mars
bar where I literally this is this is
just a garage right we've got a garage
door there and a garage door that was
it's a double garage it's quite a big
space but back in the day a few years
ago I realized that it was an unused
space it was very very badly organized
so I took it upon me to tidy it all up
and turn it into what's called the
gaming den and boy has that all failed
now it was good back in the day we had a
ps4 and Xbox one in here we had some GTA
omega j which is still here there over
there but now there's no project to
screwing anymore the curtains for some
reason folded up the projector screen
was motorized you press this button and
it brought down the screen it all
stopped I don't if you can hear that
noise yeah that noise that's coming from
the projector the projector broke the
main part of the live screaming room
unfortunately but when it broke I didn't
have the funds to buy a new one but now
things are looking a little bit
different I could probably get a new
projector and we could take this back up
but first off I'm thinking about
cleaning it out first so it's got my old
DJ gear here I've got a smoke machine
there until my massive Pro sound
speakers oh no way
sweg ways there's my electric skateboard
I use that a lot the ninebot I can't
find the charger to this that is really
in
we've got the mono Rover man it's been
such a long time since I've been on a
swegway or something let's give this a
go remember back a few years ago oh my
god join'd about like two years ago and
these are a massive craze and they were
just absolutely massive and if you had a
swag where you were literally one of the
caller's kids around whoa but this segue
was always better than everybody else's
don't know why because it's got
bluetooth bluetooth device is connect to
those successfully it's connected for
the refugee community
why don't I got my shoes on by is my
favorite lyric in a song you ready for
this even your chicken needs like all
season that makes me laugh every time so
let me know guys if this is something
that you want me to start and bring back
up against if we can recreate the
ultimate gaming den and do a lot of
things like was redone with the office
do a lot of things in here that we could
have done better last time and make it
better it's all about learning from our
mistakes and going forward and moving
forward in a better way than we did the
first time there's number one of the
things that was really cold in here so
we could get some heaters or something
just an idea guys let me know hopefully
that money's not to under expose myself
as Tammany can actually see my ugly face
so this is my new business venture no
not this not this subway what I was
talking about earlier in the office
right I want to say it's necessarily a
new venture because doing wireless stuff
has been stuff that I've been doing for
the past way I want to say five or six
months but that was me that was me
providing a service and learning at the
same time I sell Internet I am an ISP me
myself and I am an ISP for a few people
in my neighborhood which is absolutely
brilliant I've done numerous wireless
installs the two that you guys have
shown you is one at a place down the
road which I was doing that the other
day another one at the end of coffee
house pros Wi-Fi provided by Marcel but
by the end of 2017 my goals are as
follows to have a working website for my
wireless stuff to redo and do more
promotional video stuff than three to
vlog the whole thing and have fun doing
it
Jacob and I'm making the most of this
absolutely gorgeous weather outside
today by spending a little bit of time
together on the trampoline you have a
good time bro good lad
back in the office builders have arrived
I love this gorilla pod so after this
when Andy has finished today he's
literally all he's doing is he took up a
few of the beam what does quick question
actually a lot of people were saying
well a few people said I like you say
you know you talk about you know doing
things yourself and how come you've got
something in pay in the room and it's so
easy to paint the room yourself why
having just done it yourself by relying
on somebody else to do it
number one not 100% sure why that's a
big issue whatsoever much more bigger
things and problems in the world than
worrying about why I'm not painting the
room and someone else is doing it the
reason andrew is they're painting the
room is because he gave me a price at
the start which included the painting of
the room and it was the only price he
gave me an I okayed him painting the
room was included in the price he's just
finishing up doing a few little things
and then it's time to start recording
the main series on the board that we
installed in the live streaming room
yesterday the white board I've got each
episode laid out as to what we're going
to be installing and I think there's
going to be five episodes that including
the finale which will be episode five am
I worried about it yeah I'm worried
about it I'm kind of worried about I'm
thinking are things going to plan out
the way I wanted them to plan out all
the installations of things like the TV
and the soundbar going to go smoothly
over there Mikey I'll look into it then
mate cheers goes running guys I'm going
to go ahead and end today's vlog here I
really hope you have enjoyed and if you
guys updated on my venture within what
I'm doing with the websites and things
and as soon as they're live you guys
would be the first note so you can check
them out and rinse before any spelling
mistakes or anything that I've said
wrong as much as I know you guys are
trying to troll me when when I do things
like that I actually just help me more
than so it doesn't roll me or correcting
my mistakes is a good thing thanks guys
I appreciate it greatly
if I say something wrong if I if I say
something wrong I want you guys
