yo guys quick heads-up before today's
video starts trust me it's a good one
and if you watch it you'll know why all
this stuff out here in the corridor
which I'm about to talk about okay let
me just get straight into this I'm doing
a giveaway drop a like rating and the
comment of two items that you want that
I'm about to show you and you can have a
chance of winning two of them I'm going
to open this giveaway for two weeks
we've got two g-53 three wireless
headsets from Logitech we've got the
cybertron wireless speaker which is my
wireless speaker of joy I've got one of
those in my car we've got some easyacc
headphones with us and play it safe and
sound in ear headphones we've got the mm
300 mouse mat from Corsair we've got a
libertine 2 Bluetooth speaker we've got
some anchor soundboard wireless
headphones we've got the yellow in color
my onyx castor limit Edition Mouse we've
got the premium
Edifier MP 700 Bluetooth speaker we've
got Xbox one and ultra wide LG monitor
because you're like rating and comment
down below two of the items that you
want out of this la there you go again
freeze-frame the video in two weeks time
I'll be taking the winner let's do it
leaving your hair in my car no no no
there we go guys Sunday Maria my
girlfriend she stayed at my house last
night we've been at home working all
morning
on numerous websites and things that we
that we're doing together we're a bit of
Sunday lunch I just dropped her off is
time now for me to go and do some manly
things like I'd like a man because I'm
I'm a man
a quick gonna get out of this
how we got a few missions that we need
to get on with today and a few long-term
goals I have really set myself after
yesterday's video whenever I put my
camera here and the windows are in the
back I always seem to overexpose myself
what's it looking like am I just like
really dark and is the windows ever
exposed need to stop do it and figure
out something to fix that but I'm really
under expose down you can't see me
talking about trying to visualize your
goal as we can see on my short and
long-term goals list on my productivity
board which if you don't have a
productivity board in your life I really
recommend you get one having just is
this board here which is really
inexpensive I want to get a bigger one
for the office like a massive one I can
just doodle on and I even have as most
of you guys know an inspirational board
of mine so if you know someday when I'm
just feeling our economy bothered today
I don't want to do anything today I want
to be lazy I can get off and I can look
at this and think Alex hustle hard don't
think just go don't sweat it
just do it and I think the best part
about it is all of these phrases hear a
phrases that you guys my audience gave
me to put on the board and that is just
the icing on the cake because this and
this we're going to finish today I told
all of you guys to take yourself some of
your own goals if you're not doing
already in yesterday's video I've got a
few new goals that I want to set myself
here today I'm going to do that at the
end of this video first let's put the
icing on the cake
that is new office and livestreaming
room
so I've just boarded out this tiny
little room for the for the live
streaming room here the live streaming
down if you guys want to call it so the
den is actually out out here as you guys
can see and then in here this is my
little cupboard I've boarded this all
out now so you can walk on it and I've
drilled them all down so you can
actually walk on this usually some more
boards for here and what this room is
essentially going to be for is for
products that are currently in use in
the live streaming room and also in my
office and also at home so these are all
just empty boxes of products that I use
for example the router here at the
office and Amazon echo all the computer
parts as you can see there are 1080 GT
GTX g-force box all of this is just
stuff that I would never ever sell or
even was the box for so all of it I need
to get it outside to the bit right up
here is now all clean in here is all
boarded out as you can see I can walk on
it
and down here neatly tucked away these
are the boxes of products that are in
use in the offing now comes the phone
car you've got to find what you love and
that is this trooper work as it is for
your lovers so this evening everything
is going to be sorted out I promise hand
on heart hope to them your work is going
to fill a large part of your life and
the only way to be truly satisfied is to
do what you believe is great work I'm
going to walk you from one end of this
room to the other looking at every
single item in here and the only way to
do great work is to love what you do and
deciding with every single item where
it's going to go in one of three
categories if you haven't done it yet
is it for the office the live streaming
room or am i giving it away to one of
you guys let's do
oh my let me break it down to you for a
quick second this room right here was an
absolute monster ASSA t I'm cleaning up
soon what so that I can put the carpet
down there's actually enough room here
to stretch out the carpet that I bought
for the live streaming room last weekend
for Mikey and all those stuff in the
middle of the room right here is stuff
that right now I need to put back in
here so all of the giveaway stuff is out
there right now I'm going to title it up
and put it in a corner cuz I can't leave
it in the in the part really leave it in
the corridor this is all the gear that's
going to be going back into the office
ie mice and keyboards monitors computers
yeah da de yada these are all Bluetooth
speakers and these are all headphones
that are just going to put them away
into storage for now those are actual
speakers and that is all networking gear
and a portable monitor
I found three snap backs while I've been
tidying up and all of this is spanner
tripods
soft boxes stuff from Ikea and then all
of this is stuff to go in the live
streaming room when we start the main
series I've been working on this for
about five hours now this is what my
office looks like that's my desk that is
the completely breakfast bar I've got
some schools of there this is quite cool
first off my fan out up there that is
amazing thank you so much this is wicked
this is a hug this idea for ages I'll
tell you straight off it's a little
corny alright but this is a Bluetooth
speaker a portable battery bank tree
yeah it's just a dead tree stump full of
Bluetooth speakers and battery backups
what's the more fun are there and then
obviously a little tree for the
decoration or purposes a little light
there some candles a glass head with
headphone editing desk to be continued
and then this is actually the first
thing I've really installed in here
properly cause I'm fan out there and
then well a lot of my know a lot of my
notes there actually and what if I told
you guys this before okay this is new
I'm not going to show you the notes
there and the notes there but these
notes the middle you guys can see I'm
going I'm doing a series in the main
channel called ultimate set up install
featuring like popular youtubers and it
and the keen eyes of you who have read
the board will have seen Jake Mitchell's
name yeah we're tackling him first so
it's a bit of a trial run I want to try
and hit it off with Jake and do his cell
for him and make it awesome for him do
it with him so down here I've just
written down all the things I need to
try and get ready for his case effort
but was loads of the big youtubers about
it one of them being mini mentor I've
got to the message he sounds down for it
I've also a while back but in contact
with will any about it that should be
cool Pease moved into his new apartment
so it'll be really cool to go there and
do his setter well if you're watching
drop me a text we'll get it sorted
things are looking good blood pressure
I've met a lot of pretty I've mentioned
something along the lines of doing a
YouTube Help series briefly and AH
definitely mentioned coming to pimp your
guys setups up and that is something I
really want to do like coming around to
your guys places and spending the day
with your impending your set up with
something that is definitely in my books
to do but during the YouTuber one is
definitely a great starting point and
this is going to be freaking awesome to
go and do it honestly really well I've
also been speaking with my friends and
they want to get it done - I need my
good friend Toby speak of the devil it's
Sunday night and he's usually run up
some days I'm not sure I think he's busy
or something but it's going to take a
lot of work to put together like you
guys have seen I've got a source all of
these little different things that Jake
wants make sure it's something that Jake
wants ie doesn't want to curb my - how
many wonder is does he want what
computer specs better than is there but
like anything good it's always hard work
and when you work hard nine terms set at
a time it's going to pay off so I really
hope that you guys are looking forward
to that series as much as I am because I
really literally can't wait and there we
go guys we're back where we started
give me a sec guys live should be room
new office pimp my setup series up the
fitness game and be happy short and
long-term goals
guys I will catch you in tomorrow's vlog
the grind never stop
you gotta let me coaching quickly as
we'd like to as we need
