good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex is currently
well I've just had my deep thoughts
playlist on Spotify we're currently
looking at 727 am and I'm 8
so we're here we're genuinely here this
is amazing I wasn't expecting this at
all it's like a big Raceway motored
thing over there big stand and I think
there's a big truck I have no idea what
to expect this is the Abarth day 2017 so
let's just take it as it comes and see
what happens today this is really really
cool
so this is called our name out on the PA
system it's a Jordan and Alex get down
to number four on the map which is
pretty much just down over there
apparently this is where the fun begins
oh my god
that was absolutely insane but at the
same time it made me feel so quickly so
guys this morning has been absolutely
wicked being in that truck car was
awesome as well as testing out the
Abarth Spyder the brand-new ER bath that
was really cool too not as many breakers
this but still really enjoyed it let's
go home we got rain on the window we got
well no clouds in the sky even if Alex
does not rain on the window oh that's
that's not rain on the window that's you
won't just wash the car clearly no it's
been absolutely chucking it down I think
it started chucking it down whilst I was
washing the car which sort of defeated
the whole the whole purpose of of
washing the car
you
both the office doors are open and the
lights on hello and I promise you guys
it was raining earlier it really was
I've come to the office to make use of
what was some bad weather I've got some
work to do talking about inspiring
yourself like we talked about in
yesterday's vlog and believing in
yourself I've said this one year ago how
cool would it be if we could sort of get
a screen to come down in here have a
load of consoles a sofa and you could
like sit here and play games up here I
think it would be really really really
goddamn cool looking back on that how
crazy is this this is what I've always
talked about long-term goals and
short-term goals long-term goals a big
project that you have in mind that's
going to take a lot of brainpower
sometimes a lot of people and it's going
to take a lot of hard work and
preparation well it's more tangled will
be anything from just going away
somewhere to a country or something for
a few days that you've always wanted to
visit anything like that
realizing that that was something I said
over a year ago in a video that it would
be cool to do this so this now being
almost a reality and I say the word
almost that's gonna change today has
made me so so so so how saying yourself
good goals is one thing and then
actually achieving those goals is on a
whole nother level
it feels insane and one thing for sure I
couldn't have done any of this any of it
and I would've said mean it without you
guys
thank you from the bottom of my heart
right could you do me a favor just watch
like the driver if you don't want to
just try to or just try and think about
it for a quick second or just think
about it over a few days set yourself a
long-term goal take yourself something
that you want to achieve next year it
doesn't have to be anything big it could
be that I want to go running more often
right and reevaluate yourself this time
next year and say you know am i keeping
you know a good running schedule or say
I want to build a website or I want to
go and do this so I want to travel
somewhere I want to try and take my life
in this direction try and set your
transit yourself a long-term goal right
something that's not easy right it's
going to take time because whilst I was
doing this I didn't realize I'd even set
it as a long-term goal and now I look
back and it's something that I said that
I wanted to do and now it's finished Wow
like it's a good thing and I'd love you
guys to experience the same baby you may
not this is looking pretty good
you just need to sort out the
entertainments and sort out the editing
desk how did this room out and figure
out what kit it's in here for the live
streaming room gives the rest of it away
and then it's time to record the series
it's been a long journey but it's been
worth it
I've been thinking about what videos
that could be making on the main channel
as I'm doing putting the new office back
together putting everything back in its
place and yeah yeah Deana and obviously
the ultimate live streaming room is
going to be a full series in itself if
you guys have any ideas it's very hard
to cross over things that I think I
should be vlogging about and then things
I think should be on the main channel so
if you guys have any ideas you can help
me out with what content I should be
putting on the main channel if you guys
want to see anything please let me know
and help me out in the comment section
down below and also if you set yourself
a goal a long-term goal pull that in the
comment section too
but for now I'll see you guys back at
home
haha
