either done of the group then you like
to change cheers when he said opposed
all right guys that's good morning guys
I really really really need to get this
sorted out really badly you guys know
I'm talking about
awesome guys so how are you all doing my
name is ice guys with jism Utley let me
know how you're doing in the comment
section down below I'd love to hear from
you guys this morning I have been to get
my hair done I've also been to home base
and picked up some Loctite to the LEDs
oh I mean now I'm going to suggest
today's video it's all uploaded ready
for 6:00
let's go
sample size a lot this morning when I
went to get my hair cut I left my coat
in the barber shop a proper Wally I am
that's my coat ah so it let you guys
know something real quick I mean telling
you guys all weeks are going to be
filming for ITV on Friday but in Appling
anymore unfortunately but it's happening
on the 31st I still need to go and get
some clothes though just cuz I got my
camera means I'm a youtuber today I'm
miles biome I suppose you can have a
picture doing this or anything makes me
so happy
right I need clothes like that so where
I am now is oxygen I come here wherever
I want whenever I want to get clothes
because they literally I don't know
somehow they do it they did they pick
out the brands that are just going to
take off you know 11 degrees I came here
a year ago and bought 11 degrees from
these guys and now I go out and
everybody's got 11 degrees I'm like it
just skywrite and this is scar tissue I
love this this as well I own some
bodaciously this here this logo out
there I love this stuff
my original idea was to pop in there
pick up a nice blazer for the ITV
filming that's going to be happening
this well was meant to be happiness
afternoon but that's not happening
anymore happening on the 31st so I'll go
back next week and pick up a blazer
there's a few well I bought the unit
pairs of clothes coming from the shop
today and it's back here have also been
a bought myself some some toothpaste a
little bit of the agent because what
pretty one oh I like that one
nice yeah I got a lot that beautiful
feels really cool as well like be zoomin
on that it's like it's really strange
actually okay that's a contrast really
nicely with this jacket out hoping
anyway there we go
look at that sweet a bottom little bit
as well but I was really eager to try
this one on because it just feels so
strange and I like unfortunately guys
because I am the biggest wall-e going at
the moment and this the wall they aren't
I
I really need to find my nice I need to
get plannin on by the very fact that I
can't find my knife anywhere it inspired
me to come and clean this room up this
isn't I can't believe this is my room
man told you guys I've lost touch with
everything and everything that was going
on I just haven't been myself recently
this isn't me this isn't me is it I love
use this knife for now and then we'll
tie digits at least oh my god it looks
so much worse on the camera reminding
Wally because this camera fell over
earlier today it fell over that hard
that it corrupted the file so when it
fell over so I've even shown you guys
the reason it fell over is because the
Gorillapod that I'm using and I've been
telling you guys for quite some time
that it's good a pod I need to get a new
one these things don't last very long
the gorilla pod that I use for this vlog
is I think about point proven
but as you know exactly what is in this
box some stuff that I have ordered for
well for these cameras in my vlogging
and stuff my life sort of revolves
around memory cards like this revolves
around them so we've got a few cards
here I'm trying out a few different
thing I've got this portable card reader
from Kingston that is going to go in my
travel bag so you guys have taken all of
your advice on the death you guys said
move the monitors together I've done so
employed out the LEDs behind the
monitors so they look cool so the memory
card reader just need to change the
wallpaper there we go that's that
sorting right on the topic of memory
cards and this one is for my drone I get
this question all the time so the reason
I waited to get really dark this evil
not really dark and what it is but as
dark as it is now we need to go in two
minutes
I'm going to take the drone down to down
to the river because one of the most
questions I get is Alex should I get a
drone Alex what groan should I get an
Alex do you recommend drones
this is an inspire one how's my drone
that I always fly
I don't own a different race all what
you guys to do is look at the quality of
this camera then look at the quality of
the drone flying right now and then look
back at the quality of this camera
you'll notice that this camera is a lot
better now that's a given because this
is a camera and that's a drone but the
main reason you're buying inspire one is
to shoot aerial film photography or
videography that there is a professional
drone that you'd buy for professional
reasons because it was going to be real
with you guys the only difference this
drone has to any other drone with four
propellers in the gimbal and a wireless
downlink is the fact that the legs can
do this
yeah it's cool but very pointless what
must a good drone have question mark
this five thing at least a 1080p camera
that camera must have a gimbal a video
downlink safety features now this is the
problem because as our top 5 features
get better the drones and the cost gets
bigger but if the drone to get the GoPro
Maverick is portable it has a downlink
it's safe to fly with safety features as
a 4k camera the camera is gimbal eyes
it's ridiculously small I love the
inspire 1 but for at the moment in my
life what I use that drone for it's not
worth it it looks cool and it's
impressive but put it next to a maverick
and I'm thinking to myself why have I
bought such a big drone that's so hard
to car around do I recommend drones heck
yes they're awesome my drone that's on
my wish list at the moment is a mumming
I think they're wicked guys I'll catch
you in tomorrow's vlog oh yes
