good morning London good morning guys
how are we all doing my name is of
course Alex guys welcome back to another
daily vlog about to leave this insanely
awesome hotel room right now
I had a shower this morning and one
thing I couldn't quite figure out was
how to switch it from that to that it
had like a select button on it so I was
clicking that and nothing was happening
and so this hotel room is so
technologically advanced with a little
bit screens everywhere to do everything
but I couldn't even work out how to how
to use the shower anyway guys I've got
this meeting now in about ten minutes
I'm going to jump in an uber and get
myself off to the got when I shirts on
attempting to look half decent not doing
a good job
let's go so you do your ending like I've
got me five stars man thanks very much
cheers dude thank you but my hair is all
over the place I need to make my way to
twelve hey Hales I think that's down
here
so the ride I've given my name in now we
wait yeah well forego sir what we're
trying to create a forum for a social
media platform sweet 18 credibly hard
incredibly I'll doing these videos every
day like insanely difficult not honor
all this exam is difficult I don't enjoy
it sort of level it's difficult but I
absolutely love doing this otherwise I
wouldn't do spend the time doing my
videos these vlogs every day probably
take about two hours a day to edit right
and then the rest of them shooting and
then it's rinse and repeat
it's a lot and I love it I love like the
distal hostile of it it's so fun well
guys we have a problem a serious one
it looks like the LEDs are falling down
I can't follow a lot anywhere and one
thing I have been trying to teach myself
a little bit more recently in most
recent time is to believe in myself
because I've stopped believing in myself
a little while but I went through a
period and I didn't really want to talk
about it on camera because it's always a
weakness and I don't want to share my
weaknesses but I'm now over that but
it's believing in yourself and I stopped
believing in myself like I doubted
myself like so emotionally I never used
to do I have a quote and it's by a
famous guy called MGK Machine Gun Kelly
is a magician ever Machine Gun Kelly is
a musician he's a songwriter and he says
don't think just go right and that was
like my motto for ages and I forgot
about it stopped believing in myself and
things were bad I was looking from
support from other people instead of
myself and I thought hang on a minute
hold up a minute I need to stop a second
I'm not here looking for other people to
believe in me when I don't believe in
myself right doesn't work like that to
somebody to believe in you you must
believe in yourself because otherwise
why would anybody else believe in you if
you don't believe in yourself for
example tell yourself that you're
creating a business right and you're
looking for some investors to put some
money into that business all right if
you go to them and then say hey I don't
believe in myself but I want you to
invest in my business
they're going to be like we don't worry
of it to believe in yourself need to
realize that failure is only temporary
right you need to build yourself up some
self-confidence you need to believe in
yourself that other people will believe
in you other people will walk side
beside you arm in arm support you along
the way whilst you support them and then
you're one step closer to winning and
succeeding I have no idea what these are
like empower empower empower I have an
audit alone of it when I used to like it
just like random products in the office
and just like these to review them and
not review them we just let them box
them and just test them out one video
that sticks in my mind all the time is
that time when I got that little pocket
projector that was cool I like that
average average good for average
so I'm going to have to pop to my
favorite place my mind my second home
home base pick up some more Loctite so I
can get these LEDs onto the back of the
monitors securely for the net fall off
now that is absolutely awesome that is
some fanart in a frame cheeky little
artists signature just that look at that
that's amazing
Alicia's been sat on snapchat in the car
on the road outside my house right and
I've always wondered to myself like
would you guys want a house tour because
I've put it on snapchat and everybody
say in one eternal house well what it do
how started what videos you guys want to
see there's been about seven or eight
people that have all said house to all
those people who said loads of random
things but loads of people have said
house I'll give you guys like a mini
tour but let me know if you'd like a
proper house tour video in the future
it's not just me that lives here I live
here would like well my dad lives here
along with like my stepmom and then my
half-brother lives here too all you guys
would say Jacob by now he's been in like
numerous videos of mine but I'll give
you guys like a quick look round I know
you guys see like the kitchen and like
my room and stuff I mean like as far as
the house tour is concerned this is the
kitchen and then you come to life this
is the main room then like the lounges
in there there's our office in German
through there hello oh yeah guys let me
know if you like a proper dedicated
house tour or something like that well
just walk around the house and tell you
guys what's what and go through like the
the tech things that I've put in like
because I've done all like that the
sound system I've got like Google homes
and stuff in all the rooms and nothing
all the TVs and it's all wide in there
links together that is that was
something that would interest you guys
not just that all this is the kitchen
type of thing but like an in-depth thing
let me know if you can also be
interested in that also check this out
this for some reason seems to interest a
lot of people and I have no idea why we
have a frigate spinner
I'm not sure where your brother is
Bexley where is it in the outside if
this is Betsy and then bursting outside
somewhere public play and birth his mind
Betsy is my brother's so yeah you guys
want a house tool then let me know for
example even in here I have a camera
that looks at the cat so I can watch
them to make sure they're all right
because we've had other cats coming
through the cat flap before you guys get
the gist so I'd like to know better you
don't know what's going on don't I
anyway guys the meeting for cutie this
morning was super insightful I've raised
a lot of points that I want changing to
the website and I'm hoping that these
changes are going to move within the
next like two or three now three to four
weeks I'm hoping so hopefully the site
is going to be a lot better and a lot
more usable and a lot more easy to use
because that's the main problem guys -
knowledge you guys have been awesome
midnight right now so I'll see you guys
in tomorrow's vlog really I do
