welcome to my office for the morning
sweet install finish this morning one
access point it's taken me about four
hours
Oh installed all this stuff tidied all
about I've installed another access
point out near the bar actually over in
any problems give me a call chess but
noise little bit install success so guys
the install this morning went perfectly
client work out the way you guys will
find this really what you probably won't
you probably won't find this funny but a
bit of an inside tip is to my daily
vlogging thing the microphone that I use
on top of my camera takes a 9-volt
battery right you can't usually find
ninebot but not you know not many things
take 9-volt batteries so I order them
all in bull yeah here you go 9-volt
batteries they just come in time I'm
gonna put one of them somewhere special
and that somewhere special
is right next to this little adapter
this si and my keys I need to pack
travel Volvo
engaged I need a nice shirt to wear
because tomorrow I'm actually I've got
you've got a few meetings tomorrow down
in London the meetings start quite early
so I'm in a hotel tonight that hotel by
I'm in tonight just to let you know I
think is going to be one of the most
technologically advanced hotels we're
going to stay in which should be awesome
I genuinely can't wait to get there
toothpaste toothbrush hair gel deodorant
on the way to London now just beforehand
I've literally just popped in to see how
grandma and granddad doing a lot to
properly and see how they are doing once
a week just to see how they're getting
on now as per usual I've made myself
late for my train I need to get to
London by the way the weather today I
don't know if you can hear that it's
vile let's go I just got my bike
to London
so guys I'm currently on the train to
London I know my jokes like the grind
never stops and stuff is uh I'm really
annoying myself because I didn't leave
myself enough time to properly see my
grandma and granddad and also my mum was
at my grandma and Granite's house and I
didn't I don't live in mom so I never
really get to see her here still today
the wife way in store did at the
restaurant took a lot longer than I
thought it would set me back a little
bit I haven't even had a chance to go to
the office today and as you guys know
I've been making a joke about it all
week that this week is off this week we
need to get the office back to normal
before Friday but I'm in London now I
need to find my way to this hotel yeah
yeah so like I take this camera with me
everywhere i cola everyday and just fill
my life and yeah
also I've been informed this hotel this
hotel room that I'm going in is going to
be one of the most technologically
advanced hotel rooms but I'm ever going
to abstain am I in my entire life
so that's just so it's not only don't
put the card in it I'll use whoa that's
a mitt okay the TV comes on as soon as
you walk in ah this is amazing
nightlife underfloor heating what's that
clean room oh my god there's a massive
TV it's like a cinema suck it nerds like
it oh wow wait a minute are these like
iPads or something nah man wait a minute
these you can control the whole room
from this little tablet
wait a minute master light oh there we
go now I can actually see what's going
on okay there's the room Wow
sweet LEDs right okay what is curtain no
way it's not it's not gonna open
no no they speechless to be honest the
cones just opening by itself well what's
the view lights crazy this is good this
is good this is good
there's the view we've got a good view
how big the airport actually works as
well guess we've got massive TV there it
says welcome to the M by Mont clam we
wish you a pleasant stay and to the main
menu do I have a remote somewhere where
what else can't do all these I'm sure
you were supposed to do some more stuff
let's have a look mood light on how is
that a mood light what change ah wait a
minute watch it has any taste where
would it turn the master lights off like
that and then mood light and then on oh
no way no way look at that as amazing
okay safe to say I am literally in my
favorite hotel room just because of that
one feature that's blowing my mind and
as well can't forget about the view
that's gorgeous as well what's that this
hotel is called the M by Mont clam and
this is my room right now the reason why
I'm in this room right now is simply
because I wanted to test it out I've
heard online that these this hotel the
environment clam is the most
technologically advanced hotel room you
can buy Dubai hotel room rent a hotel
room stay in a hotel room pens well I've
been showing you guys all of this stuff
like these panels like with the
underfloor heating do not disturb I
think I'll tap that actually yeah I love
it okay so I've been working there we go
do not disturb is on
I like the mood lights on I like the
desk lamp on I like the night lights on
which of these lights underneath no I'm
just going to sit down here for a quick
second have a chat with you guys because
I haven't had it like a sit-down chat
just me and you guys chatting and I want
to do this more often right I want to
sit here and I want to be honest about a
few things as well like I've had a few
things on my mind for a second because I
don't know how long this video is going
to be and I feel like recently
lost must've touch with you guys and I
just feel like a secret I see these
comments and I was trying to the reason
I'm talking about this legitimately is
because I was trying to a subscriber of
mine on my snapchat account on my
snapchat mazi snaps and a lot of people
say oh I like she don't reply to your
fans you say everyday it's it's the
clock you're gonna do a video and you're
going to reply to everybody that sends
in the light rating and I do want to sit
there and reply for a good half an hour
via so I can't reply to everybody but if
I showed you guys the amount of
snapshots that come in it's mental and
thank you for that I do reply hence why
I was having like a half an hour
conversation with this one subscriber
whilst I was on the train to London and
he said Alex I used to love your content
and I feel like you've just lost touch
like I feel like you as a continent
great Eve lost touch with what you're
doing over the last year doing this
daily vlog thing I've really taught
myself to find the best of everything in
any situation whether how good it be or
how bad it be right I am very good at
finding the best out of a bad situation
right hundred percent of the time I'm a
very happy person in life I'm very
rarely sad and I've developed this
persona that anything and everything
that happens to me
I'm just happy with it and it comes
across on the videos that I'm just
faking it I'm just being like fake and
it's just like base not it really isn't
like one kind of say is I've started to
video things that I think you guys are
happy about I let you just find the best
out of everything in every situation and
that is all I can say and is that a
healthy thing to do no it's not really
to be honest with you it's not very
healthy to do that I don't think but
it's not a real thing to do like if
something is bad it is genuinely bad
right I can't act happy about it and I
need just stop doing that I'm gonna keep
doing the exact same videos that I've
always been doing right but I'm just
gonna be more me and because I'm doing
that and I'm not gonna be as energetic
as I usually I'm like most of time I
still what I'm gonna be energetic but
you know I'm not gonna be like never FML
all the time you like just mental it's
just gonna be me and also there's gonna
be numerous times in the blogs where I'm
gonna sit down and chat with you guys if
I've got something on my mind like that
because I appreciate that the vlogs are
always fairly mental like we're in the
office building something we're doing
this we're building a live streaming
room we're off doing this R in London
we're in a cool hotel we're doing this
we're doing that I'm getting stuff done
to my car
is awesome right but again it loses
touch with you guys and I don't want to
do that and I've realized that that's
what's happening and I want to apologize
for that guys you got a better mind I do
this thing every day of my life and it's
very very easy to lose sight of what is
real and what isn't when every single
day of your life you're picking up a
camera and talking to a camera it's a
very unhu' main thing to do that just
because I want to computer screen every
day at 6 p.m.
doesn't mean I'm not a normal human
being that goes to bed and sleeps and
brushes his teeth like everybody else
things affect me your words affect me
and it's made an impact and I apologize
so thank you guys for voicing your
opinion I really do appreciate that also
guys check this out this is absolutely
mad look at that 373 9 that is mental if
you guys ever get the chance I recommend
you try and come and stay in this hotel
if you love technology and stuff because
it's just like the blinds break and move
with the touchpad Asia's mental guys
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog thanks
for being awesome thanks for
understanding
adios
Oh
