morning guys how are we all doing my
name is of course Alex I was up until 3
a.m. last night do I know why I was
configuring all of this gear right here
for the install I'm doing tomorrow
now I'm jetting off to well another
client I'm a potential client hopefully
I can get this job in today and then
that will be two jobs confirmed in two
days let's go so I'm going to look round
a price up given the price and okay
that's two jobs and two days comfort so
we all but going from the meeting
hopefully it's going to be confirmed
over the next two days and I'll get this
job
guess who's arrived I'll give you a
second to guess because it's Tuesday
three two one hi haters yeah I'll do it
but you've loved yeah what's it that's
not from that before and I saw you've
got two hundred and fifty pounds
Amazon voucher I think right what we
should do
yes go on its order yeah just fifty
pounds worth of LED strip right a lot of
250 strips you can have one for your
desk yeah or give a few LED strips away
and then we'll just put LED strips
everywhere yeah yeah
good GP the power of advertisement what
do you go for the Google home all the
Amazon okay gee happy with your purchase
amazing mate what you got a dart it's
got me a dart little duck Jian a real
what about this what about this tank 90
degrees not too big we'll send it with
fish got an LED light in the top look
yeah we get that one can we actually get
fish what for the other face the living
room guys should we get a fish oh my god
what I'm scared it'll be good run it gee
can I buy a fish to put in the tank in
the office please right I'll buy a fish
for it you buy a fish for it and then
you can name your fishing on a night
like this
oh my god I'm so excited for a start
with what if you get fish you have to
leave the water in the tank for at least
seven days before you put a fish in it
and what we get you if we get one of
these ones or one for Nia you like that
one
Yeah right G we're going to hold the
colonel today we're going to do this
we're going to do it right as you guys
know it's office week this week I'm
filming for the ITV in my office on
Friday so everything needs to be back in
and back to normal
look to home base quickly with Jordan so
we can get a few bit for the office
time is or the SSP ladies and gentlemen
time is a massive factor right now time
is all about time time time time time
time right everybody's worst enemy right
some people love time some people hate
it I love time we love having a good
time but I hate time itself there's not
enough of it anymore and I hate that I
love what it makes you do though when
there's not enough time it makes you
rush around it makes you get things done
and I like doors you guys know I'm
actually going on telly on Friday right
I'm going to be on primetime TV
on ITV right in the UK pretty cool
opportunities quite proud of themselves
ITV have asked me if they can come here
and film me I want to do the filming in
my office and I said well yeah sure
that's fine and then I remembered and my
outfit my office kind of looks like this
at the moment like like this no to this
week as I said in yesterday's video is
office week we have until Friday to get
this place back to normal
sweet cameras up and working top pocket
and can be removed very simple II just
like that so we're not using them with
attendees monstrosity is down which
should then reveal our LED strip at the
top okay we're getting better we're
getting closer
so now comes the part right right it
just closed that up I think it's time to
pull my computer back into this room
because we've got my desk sorted those
well it comes to worse so push comes to
shove don't have the rest of the room
sources for ITV on Friday we can just
have my desk as the shot and we can sort
of disregard all of its visitors egos
numerous times I'm currently redoing the
editing desk that's going to have all
new kit on it new monitor new speakers
new computer everything I ain't sure if
that's going to be here in time so let's
sort this bad boy out
first oh my god guys look at that how
mad is that looking now it's so clean
like just zooming into that look how
clean everything is I don't know if this
comes across on video but like looking
at this thing and realize those torch
right monitors the speaker's literally
look like they're floating because
there's there's just no cables like
whatsoever and it just reflects off the
desk and oh wow this and then the
keyboard no Y is going anywhere my keys
are in the way but I've got my I've got
my phone on charge there and then
obviously the keyboard and then the
mouse is the Corsair m65 is my favorite
Mouse at this brand new ROG keyboard I
absolutely love the sound it makes that
is my favorite keyboard - favorite Mouse
favorite keyboard favorite monitors now
all that's left is to bring in my
favorite computer oh my god
wait a minute wait a minute Oh way it
was yes look let's just 100% check that
that that the speakers are working
chuckles up a bit of volume around full
already so that's coming up the monitor
there we go Wiki all right that's
amazing
yay
look at it look how cool it is wait turn
the big lights up oh wow I love it I
love it oh yeah guys I've gone ahead and
change the LED color in that bulb there
I've got a Philips hue bulb in there not
Philips hue Mel gasps Oh either bulb
it's an old gasser Eva bulb so a gasser
Eva Elgato Eva has two separate LED
strips behind each monitor which plug
into the monitors USB port so as soon as
the monitors are powered on and working
the LED strip light up the two separate
strips there's no join of cables in the
middle of the monitor if you get down I
level with the desk there's absolutely
zero cables on show like nothing you can
see at all at all even the net a line
through USB hub in the middle is just in
its player defier lunar eclipses
speakers that are all worse and find
that go down all the way to the computer
that is wicked absolutely wicked I
couldn't be happier we're taking the
soft boxes down so it looks like the
room is a lot bigger nice ETV is
installed guys I think it's time to go
hi guys I'm going to go ahead and end
today's awesome video here it's been
insane building that set up in the
office is turned out as they expected
not better I wanted it to be good I had
high expectations and I've met those
expectations which is brilliant guys
QOTD question of the day do you guys
prefer mechanical keyboards or normal
like machine keyboards mechanical and
mushy Larrin in the comment section down
below guys my name's Alex you guys have
an awesome guys stay awesome keep smilin
I'm going to go to the pub with some
friends right now I'm probably 10 we're
always make guys I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog
Oh
