good morning guys how are y'all doing my
name is of course Alex guys and welcome
your faces back to another daily vlog
hope all you guys are okay you're
smiling it's Monday today well it is for
me
it's Tuesday for you guys because my
videos go up a day after imagine
recording a video and putting out the
same day that would never work oh boy
I've got a good vlog for you guys today
I'm not gonna be mentioning any names
just yet simply because I don't really
want to I'm not sure if I'm going to be
working with these people or not the
stuff that they do is very high-end and
very expensive and whilst it's nice of
people to think oh yes I'd love to have
that in my house or oh yes I would love
I would love to be able to afford that
and as I say it's nice to give yourself
goals guys goals for really nice things
that you may want it's also really
important right next to that guys to be
realistic about your goals right you
need to find that balance between having
something realistic but then also making
the goal push you and drive you harder
now guys the other week I did a vlog and
loads of you guys absolutely loved it
where I went down to a local hi-5 store
to me that have got in contact with me
not going to mentioning their name just
yaks I'm not sure of many who working
with them they sell very very very
high-end gear for audio-visual rooms
like cinema rooms and surround sounds
but not just boring little speakers or
so that their surround sound speakers
like stand off the floor about this tall
so they want me to go back guys and what
they've done is they've closed the whole
shop down for me right the reason
they've closed the whole shop down for
me it's because upstairs
they've got a room dedicated dedicated
for demonstration purposes so we're
gonna go down there guys and see what
they've set up for me and hopefully
they're not gonna tempt me too much
because I'm trying to be realistic and
I'm not sure if I'm gonna be spending
five thousand pounds on my cinema room
but we're gonna see the experienced guys
of what I home cinema worth probably
five thousand or more is like let's do
this
you saw fucking precious when you smile
from the back end Tribune the guys I
love coming back to Lincoln it's
absolutely wicked because well I grew up
here I went to school here and I also
went to college here literally right
there is Lincoln's Cathedral yeah look
at that and then just down here I
literally went to college just over
there
and this right here this is called steep
hill and as you can see well it's very
steep it's got a correct name and I have
to come up this hill every single
morning to get to college but like 8:00
a.m. and here we are guys the store is
closed
ready for me
so this is a cinema room that I've been
harping on to you guys about we've got a
projector which is 4k above me as you
can see there and then all around the
room is a plethora of speakers as you
can see four different listening
experiences some closed under their
subwoofer um and as you can see there is
the projector screen this is sick
okay so around show you guys this but
this is a like behind the scenes room
where they do other listening
experiences as you can see there's loads
of speakers those of amplifiers these
guys take this stuff seriously
so obviously movies is one thing but
their music is a total other thing and I
like listening to music as you guys now
I feel like it makes the world go round
so it's important that the speakers that
I choose a good for music too as well as
movies and it turns out that this all
set up here is well it's pretty perfect
for both movies and music
yeah well it's solid speakers there's
you see the same speaker but then this
setup also has that most in the roof so
you can have four that's right isn't it
four speakers in the room but we've only
got two on here and it sounded
absolutely incredible guys so this I
think I'm sold
essentially so as you can see this is
the this is the kid from CAF and they do
speak is much bigger like these are huge
but its total overkill these these ones
here are these and then these are these
and then that's the woofer is that so
good for there but in black and this
setup with the utmost speakers in the
roof it's just incredible you guys will
understand it because it's coming
through the microphone and it won't
sound you know anywhere near as good as
being here but just trust me didn't
expect that whatsoever so guys you see
what's happening right now is if we're
gonna go for a mental speaker system set
up and surround sound and all that jazz
you have to get the cable to match so
you can see you get nice thin cable here
16-pound but then oh my god this is
signature cable look at the price of
that and there we go guys all saw sit
and I've even well they've given me a
little present to take out with me so
awesome guys in there absolutely awesome
super fine I'm glad to have you on the
team more on that a little bit later
there let me just explain what the hell
has just gone down because it's a lot
for me and through a camera it's
probably a lot for you guys to so pretty
much guys it's relationship of mine with
the shop superf i who where i've just
been and had the demo and they closed it
down for me it's a me an email when I
did my YouTube videos first like last
year about the new house the first ones
I have to they sent me an email said hey
Alex if you do the new house if you do
do it we really want to work closely
with you and design you your ultimate
home cinema obviously it's a lot of
money right to spend on a home cinema
it's ridiculous amounts of money I don't
really watch that many films considering
I love filmmaking I don't I listen to
more music than I watch films put it
that way so it's a lot of money to spend
for something that I'm really not that
sort of fussed about I like good quality
but not that good but then I'm there
thinking maybe if I did get this set up
I'd absolutely love it and I think after
doing this viewing today of seeing those
calf speakers the Dolby Atmos properly
in the roof all around you with the 4k
projector it's like take my word for it
it's very very good
so guys power moves have been happening
all day we've been to super thigh that's
been good but this morning before I turn
the camera on
I had bt round right at my house this
morning doing my fiber install my leased
line to my house now if you guys don't
know what a leased line is a leased line
is an internet connection that is 100%
just yours right
pretty much the fastest internet you can
get in the world getting a leased line
and I'm getting one for my Wi-Fi company
but what they said to me today was that
if they're to come and install the
leased line I'd want to installed up
into the loft because that's where all
my gear is but for them to work in the
loft they they want me to board out the
loft
it's not gonna do by yourself is it wow
this is a tip yeah I have time to clean
this today cable and cable clips I think
I'm gonna need a bit more stuff than
just this this is gonna be so fun
- the main reason I've coming to home
base is because I need to board out my
loft I need wood to do that oh I was
having fun yeah seven quid so today
Oh Lucas I thought my assistant Luke a
cautionary guy so Luke and I have spent
the entire evening boarding and lighting
up the loft with numerous different LED
lights so the whole loft now lights up
and it's all boarded out you can
literally walk anywhere no no probably
thinking Alex why why have you done this
what was the point in that waste of time
no not at all this is why I've done this
so at the moment just behind this
chimney here is all of the things that
control my wireless network I'm not
going to show all of us it's gonna give
things away and it's a lot of my hard
work and effort gone into that you know
what I mean but what the plan is is to
get a proper server cabinet and have it
mounted just here and I'm having a
fiberline brought to this house instead
of bringing it here wirelessly I'm gonna
have a fiber brought straight to this
house it's called a leased line it's my
own connection to the Internet gonna
bring it up to the loft and then I have
a rack server cabinet here with
everything in it and I need to the ball
the whole loft out to make it all
professional and obviously it was kind
of a requirement for the people that are
coming in installing my leased line here
my fiber connection that the loft is all
boarded out due to health and safety and
stuff so I've had to do this this
evening never once when I set this up
that I ever think that my wireless
businesses were gonna take off and get
as big as it has done it's still still
growing just goes to show what happens
when you put your mind to something so
guys really productive day today as I've
already told you
BT round this morning they were looking
at installing the fire before me which
is by the way all going ahead so we've
gone ahead luke and i have boarded out
the loft put lights in there it's gonna
be wicked then we went to super fine
talked about the brand new home theater
setup fingers crossed touch what
everything is going to go ahead so our
money to be spending but the home cinema
experience in the new house is going to
be mental still a bit skeptical at the
moment because I'm not sure on all this
stuff and I like to be spending money on
something you want to be sure about it
so I'm gonna keep going bad guys and
they said that's absolutely fine to do
demos
from different bits of kit and yada yada
yada but as I was leaving there they
gave me this to take with me this is the
sound key from a company called Cyrus
and I'm literally just reading this off
the box because I have no idea what this
really is or does but they they said
it's really cool so okay so pretty much
it has a USB too so essentially you know
if you plug into a computer with a pair
of like really expensive speakers you
need what's called a DAC and this is
apparently a really good DAC plug where
you plug this into there that goes into
the computer and then out spits you 3.5
millimeter as to which you can plug in
some headphones or in my case my KRKs
now I do have guys a DAC at the moment
which is right here but I've had it for
so long and it's pretty much almost seen
better days I was gonna get a new one
for going into the new house as you can
see same concept my one has a screen
here whereas this one plugs into USB and
out spits the 3.5 millimeter this one's
a lot smaller so essentially that is it
USB in 3.5 million guys same thing as
earlier you guys can't really well
listen to it it's going through a
microphone but it sounds pretty good
I'll put a link to it in the description
