guys I'm so so sorry I forgot to let you
guys know sooner I'm going on ITV or
three much rather filming and being on
ITV on Friday the filming for me going
on ITV is happening on Friday in the
afternoon so and the filming is going to
take place in its office so this week is
like office repair week get the office
back to normal this week is what this
week is so forgot to let you guys know
this morning because I have to go to a
meeting super early but roll on the vlog
we have ministry why fight you have to
just let you come in and enjoy it yeah
okay so that the point to move forward
is the reason that your internet
external enemies because you using
consumer grade hardware so I can give it
to you in two ways I can say I can try
and fix your consumer grade hardware
that you've got now which will be the
cheapest option good morning guys how
are y'all doing my name is of course as
guards and welcome back to another
another daily vlog and here is the
moment yesterday making all of this but
I forgot how awesome it looks like look
how wicked it is with just no bear mind
everything is plugged in right now if I
connected this order to a computer this
would all work sound and all and because
the tables varnished it looks so awesome
we've done an amazing job check out
yesterday's video you want to see what
we did and how we've made this possible
without cables so guys have been looking
a little bit posh this morning with a
little toy jacket on a little meeting
this morning for a new potential well
it's not potential anymore he's a
hundred percent confirmed I want to tell
you guys a little bit of a story I know
you guys like these stories so listen up
this is how I got one of my clients
right how unprofessional is this a few
weeks back I went to this local
restaurant pub thing with my family to
have Sunday lunch right something I
don't usually do as we went there right
me being the little nerd that I am not
really spending any time with my family
noticed on the wall that there was a
free Wi-Fi logo right so I pulled up my
phone tried to connect to this free
Wi-Fi ah it wasn't working right so what
does one of the staff came over you know
to take the fat my family's drink or
does I have them look your wife eyes not
working can you give me your managers
email address I emailed the manager he
has no idea who I am and I said look
mate I've just been in your shop and
your Wi-Fi isn't working you're
advertising free Wi-Fi is not working
I'm a networking engineer up-and-coming
networking engineer I'll sort you out
guess what I heard nothing back at ulta
myself fair enough it was worth a shot
obviously it's not interested in getting
his Wi-Fi working two and a half weeks
later Perlas I got your email a few
weeks back the Wi-Fi has been shocking
this week can we have a meeting Monday
morning I've just had that meeting so
spoken to you guys about this briefly
before right but let me give you a
rundown of how to or how I have 101 my
LED so as you can see there's a plug
socket there with a transformer in it
and a plug socket there with the
transformer when I turn on the switch
that is just by the door of that that
goes ahead and supplies power to that
socket and that socket thus turning on
the LEDs now this is the problem if I
want to change the brightness or the
color or have the colors changing slowly
at the moment I've got two separate
controllers one control of that it does
that side of the room and one control of
that that does this side of the room
I'll never be able to get both sides of
the room perfectly symmetrical let's say
for instance if I want to have them both
changing color this will all make sense
when I do it I've got the kit it's
arrived let's do this
there we go hope that makes sense to you
guys now both sides are being ran off
the steam controller right it's a bit of
a mess at the moment I've got to spare
connectors here which are going to be
the two scripts that are going to go
round the TV
oh my god this is man this is crazy
what oh my go start my IDs stop it they
can stop it I need to stop stop stop
stop stop
Rani oh my god haha if you know the real
reason I've done this is so I can have
them on what's called fade 7 if you guys
stay there for just a second you'll see
that they're slowly very slowly changing
colour but they're doing it together
both sides are exactly the same exactly
the same even in that it's all the same
and the TV will be the same so you can
have it flashing for a party fading or
just static but the main thing is that
we're doing it all together
simultaneously but that that is sick
right may I began in fact so under here
today because well we're not doing any
work but we are color matching we're
color matching the beams because as you
can see on here the plaster has made a
little bit of a mess what we're gonna be
doing is sort of painting over that
trying to color match it as best we can
but this little chart who to the to the
color of the beams or bring those back
to the original color so hopefully once
that's done it it'll start to take shape
there we go built in well not the color
of it my lights are all on stage seven
to the slowly fading color it looks
awesome right I'm going to leave up
there for now I've got a lot more stuff
when he's doing the office because I
want to get this room finished
ASAP now I used to go and do some things
that's insanely insanely over Jew gold
it might make a very alive Nick aren't
like finally I picked up my little care
package from the hairdresser's
let's see wasn't my parcel but a load of
fans left at the hairdresser's for me a
pack of heroes a toxic-waste some fun
start fun snaps of really hide really
awesome message and his name is Ellen
Lauren dude thank you for the message
right so these can go they're ready
first
well should we put round this TV I think
it's going to be a fairly simple job
doing that guys I'm going to go ahead
and end today the video here I'm about
to go this evening to buy a brand new
microphone and Gorillapod for this
camera because I'm sick of how
temperamental this microphone is you
don't know how many shots are record
that can't use because the audios
paraben sooner rather than later this
Gorillapod is going to kill my camera I
need to buy a new you guys are worth it
anyway guys might as well like you guys
rolls and guys I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog we're on a massive rush
to get off it back to normal for my
filming for ICD on Friday
