bill I feel I feel like doing a normal
interest back to the good ol days early
4 3 2 1
good morning guys how are we all doing
right him is of course Alice guys
welcome back to another daily vlog doing
this big date you guys want to see
something really to you for a second
look Bertie you came Italy I didn't make
you no good I feel like he sleeps in
there for like protection like with all
that I think it feels safe anyway how
are you guys doing
I've made this for a new little editing
desk thing with my with my well triple
monitor so these two are on the computer
for the PC which is just through here
and then this one I've got a USBC cable
which goes from this one is it straight
into my macbook and then my keyboard and
mouse to again to the monitor and what I
could do then is I can sit here I've got
my computer there and then I've got my
Mac on here and that is where I edit all
of these blogs on this 38-inch ultrawide
monitor with the keyboard and mouse here
and editing on a bigger screen is so
much more fun right let's go
ah in the office so they have a few
things that I really want to get done as
you guys know the main room up there is
pretty much finished now and I know
right taken it taken along in a sudden
it now all the sisters arrived here is
all networking gear for for the office
so obviously when I'm redoing all I'm
going to be I'm going to be amiss doing
the holes the network inside of the
office we're going to have a high-speed
network for when we have guests down
like to command string with us if there
was a youtubers and they want to stream
themselves or if they want upload some
videos or some things we'll get some
youtubers down and I'm going to have a
high-speed network and the guest
networks for them to connect to doing
those other people here you know that
they can connect it upload their videos
and serve all very very faster again
using Ubiquiti Networks for everything
switches access points gateways cloud
key and even some mesh may be a very
expensive and very powerful network some
of the some of the best gear you can get
this stuff to eight ports which is two
HD access point I love this gorilla pod
man one of the best inventions one USG
security gateway yet we've got we've got
more than enough kit here more than
another right now I'm trying to do my
best to clear this deck up because I'm
going to be scrapping it all together
today so I need to try and clear
everything up so what I have planned for
today what I was going for such a while
is totally just stripped my desk now and
the reason why I want to do that
it's all I can rebuild this desk and
make it the ultimate office desk with
everything exactly where I need so
without further ado let's strip this
thing down to its bare knee
sometimes the ones you had an analog
clock in here too when I'm tired black
thing you guys can actually see how much
time is passed three two one there we go
do I upload everything off the desk Bart
this Anki USB hub which is going to stay
there and this lightning cable which I
have that comes out underneath my
keyboard which is going to stay there
and also this anchored thing and that
five port USB charger that you can see
in that other than that everything is
clear now it's time to get to work power
sorted this is all installed left and
right channel connected together all
self-contained under the death next up
sweet we're looking a lot better now
well the desk is looking the same 100%
appreciated every single one of you is
that Alex you're not changing anything
with the desk it look as I said it's
going to look identical yes it's going
to look identical to how it did before
however what is changing is the cable
management everything is going to be
very very neat what is he doing that
sorted you out sir
I want everything to be attached to the
desk and then all that's going to be
coming down from the desk is these two
cables for power
these are literally my new favorite
thing like USB powered LED look into the
back of the monitor so as soon as you
turn the monitor on the LEDs come on and
they just plug into the back of the
monitor but that is really this is going
to look insane insane so you guys what
I'm set what I have set out to do it's
working honestly it is if you look like
that there's hardly any cables anywhere
it looks ridiculously clean yet there's
so much going I've got two speakers to
monitor the USB hub two lights we've got
LED strips as a separate strip behind
each monitor there's so much going on
right now yet so little cables when you
look at it and that is exactly what I'm
going for here very clean very sexy and
I have to say I'm getting a bit set-ups
out right now but I thought I pristine
and it uses all of my brainpower like to
think about these sorts of things to
think about to get you know USB LEDs and
in terms of working together with the
products that I've bought it's a lot of
brainpower there's always better ways
and worse ways to do things
I'm gonna leave that there for today I'm
going to go back and fly the drone our
missions us continues to make this the
best of this space ever
I'll tell y'all guys I was absolutely
wicked going out to fly the drone cause
the Sun set just in time it's now gone
just below the what's it called I can't
see the Sun anymore oh you guys been
asking how the chocolate collection is
going I'm doing pretty well I'm getting
through it slowly I also have the GoPro
here whatever this still but I'll do
that now 250 smackeroonies for the
Amazon store I don't know why I have
that I don't know why I have that I'm
climbing wall torront√©s I don't know
why I have that it's not for me and it's
not for anybody else I could give it to
somebody I don't need it myself
but guys I'm going to go in end today's
video here because Maria has just got
back from uni and I want to go around
and see her make sure make sure she's
all alright so I one of my numerous
poems is going off like what I'm going
to go round and see her guys - nah like
you guys have an awesome special our
trainings we enjoyed the video I'll
catch you in tomorrow's daily vlog
and
I
