broke blood I got a deal for you coming
right okay
how about this how about this how about
how about how about you take that one
and I take that one yeah yeah that's
funny bro yeah do it
shower I appreciate you working this
morning and giving my beautiful shower
room thank you very much I feel like a
single married couple and it's time now
together
bye-bye rube so guys good morning how
are you doing we're just leaving the
hotel right got to do the hip right okay
this is not as much almost okay so
apparently someone's delivered me a car
to drive today and it's outside right
and I can still sit in the car so I'm
still pretty excited yes and they said
they bless Turkey under one of the under
one of the tires of the water I said
actually have a look see if I can find
the cake done where's the car it's got
me that isn't it if it is that then that
is the Beast today I think that's gotta
be it right bro sweet it takes me and
said that they put the key under one of
the tires so you go on that way I'll do
the front view to the back view what
about obvious person who is Omega is
there is this go just do it my way
no way oh wow are you right now
machine hey you got to put the seat belt
on guys bit me about one get you to
button right I'm a little bit scared
right now to be honest with you this is
all coming a bit becoming a bit surreal
please don't cry so I got this text this
morning saying that they've been a card
delivered for me to drive today outside
didn't tell me what current was it just
said the key was underneath one of the
tires right which we now have it we are
in the car it's a Mercedes AMG is it
push to start a oh yes engine start are
you ready ready
oh yeah hi bro are you ready to do is
just lay it down ready
Oh duty I'm ready
arrey I've put it into drive like we did
a mental thing right already
oh my god no okay for girls ah removing
eyes mad I feel so powerful I think I'm
going what 15 miles an hour but Ambrose
we ever spend let's do this
well the Hulu
some party often car I've arrived at
your coffee house in Delhi across degree
and I'm shooting them a little bit of a
promotional Missoula community both of
them fortunately I posted right Morgan
to all of my clients I'm here today this
morning filming a promotional video for
these guides on the gimbal out of a VHS
apartment without gone really well
throughout them now I've actually got a
meeting grievance board not meeting
great I'm making like a load of you
diving port on my car member today is
going to be an awesome day first off
driving our car nowadays you climb work
and then I'm going to go to pick up my
car and hopefully hopefully meet the
laser welder we do mate you stressing
out try out one more video to load your
blog and you struggling you got your
four gr yeah but it's not really worth
no way
alright bro and Georgie company yeah
once we got me opening like 25 minutes
we to run we could go in to go ready
yeah let's do this
right it's a Morgan and I are parked
around the corner now a party with
intelligent is like at least 50 people a
little meet at which we literally
organized last night at 9 o'clock and
I'm about to go and pick up my car as
well for this are you ready mate let's
go let's do it let's do it right let's
go around right you ready all right
engines and everything I'm so scared
like I'm like WWE in my entrance music's
gonna fly everything driving this car as
well as scary like everywhere around in
the car what do we do
Oh red armed man insane this is
incredible how's the insane
okay so check out how clean my actual
car is and part of the film on the top
and how shiny it is and the thing is it
will stay like this because it has this
special film on it that max percent to
put on and then it's it's at the wrap
done here and it's all red and it has
little two little red accents down there
it looks slow angry like every go but
those windows are tinted as well so it
actually the whole car goes around and
the front windows and out as you can see
the windows the front windows are tinted
- it looks like black all the way around
like a space you like it nice in it
right you're outside surprise everyone
to drive out yeah right on in my car now
this is about to open Morgan to the
passenger seat we're about to drive out
there's going to be all of our
subscribers we'll all the people that
came down if you came down thank you
ever so much me and Morgan are like
absolutely over the moon with a shooting
sane
Oh like the first few I guess let's do
it
so you guys I just finished my meet of
met like over 150 people it's all
wrapped up I told these two guys right
afterwards we're going to do a photo
shoot with our minis because we've all
got many guns getting this thing so
there's mine in the middle there
absolutely insane look at that shot this
is what I weave apply to your far it's a
self-healing paper fiction film see
those scratches just there but it
perfectly just scratched my car and this
film that they're going to put on it
will just automatically heal itself when
you apply a little bit every literally
spotless calm just gone as ice insane
that I was a car thought then everybody
has left to meet it we've still got a
few of the og still here in a few
minutes we're going to be helpful I'm
gonna be helping mugs
Cranky's dad hopefully if this goes
through and it's going to be really
really really funny yeah a lot of tribes
is not gonna be trying confident in try
and convince mortgage dad please bought
that hi so this wraps up an absolutely
brilliant day I've got my car back I'm
going to talk more about that car when I
get home as to what's done to it because
I guarantee every single person is like
Alex what the hell have you done other
than that little red bit different the
cars had a full wrap I'll talk more
about that when I get home this is been
the the AMG that Morgan and I have had
the pleasure of carting around today too
and fun bro isn't it that's a very good
time so this wraps up a brilliant day
and also a brilliant collaboration with
Morgan Hudson himself it's been really
fun hanging out with him if you want to
check out his blog his take of the day
I'll drop a link down in the description
to that and also and if you want to if
you want me involved to do some more
stuff together then be sure to smash it
up with a light rating and let me know
in the comment section down below and on
Twitter and all that stuff and Morgan
and I'll make sure that happens but yep
two and a half hour drive home now in my
beautiful new clean car and I'll chat
more to you guys about what happened to
the car whilst it's been at max protect
when I get back home
brilliant guys don't literally just got
home it feels good to be back it feels
like I'm getting an ounce of normality
back in my life because the last three
days without me really saying anything
too much I've just been incredible and
fairly unrealistic if that makes sense
like not many people get to drive the
cars that I've somehow had the privilege
to drive over the last few days and
night something that you that the eye
and everybody and you guys need to
remember like what we've done in the
last few days has been like fairly
incredible bit of Maseratis we've been
I've driven an AMG myself like this is a
privilege for me it's like not many
people get to do that sort of thing so
we're gonna let you guys know that I am
super super grateful for all the
opportunities that we've had over the
last few days which is why I'm glad that
we've got a sense of it a little bit
more a little bit more normality back
into the life right now well talk about
normal this is fairly normal for me all
the stuff all those my room money to
sort out all the tech and stuff then I
managed to pick up this I don't even
know what this is it's like a USB apples
it's not even mine I think also we've
got some packages here that's really
heavy I don't know what what is my
hourly rate you've enjoyed the content a
blasty date I've really had the pleasure
of making it for you guys
hopefully for more awesome content to
come Gemma do something really cool
tomorrow in the office - right you guys
hop in also guys girls and keep smiling
a light rating would be absolutely
awesome I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog be ready boy let's do it ah do
