wait
how's the good sinking say
quick coffee this morning before we
start the day let's do this so I've
literally just stumbled past this store
called Sheffield and I've seen something
in the window guys check out this little
fridge here there's two of them right
it's a Rubik's Cube and a checkered flag
imagine the Rubik's Cube cute bridge in
there in the live streaming room I sing
my guys listen to this tunnel in a
Maserati ready three two one
so guys it's now Friday I dropped my car
on here yesterday didn't catch that vlog
make sure you go watch it it's my
Brookhaven drop my car up here at max
protect this van dyno auto works here
I'm pretty sure they're in there working
on my car so let's go and have a little
look put these two all these guys in the
description by the way if you guys want
to check them out so Dinah water work so
the people that are going to be doing
that for wrapping and stuff on the car
I'm max protect who owned this shop they
are the people that clean it up and make
the car look in sync as I told you guys
yesterday they're currently working on
this after they finished my car I can
see my car right now it's in pieces
ready three two one
so guys the car is in there right now I
am again really skeptical but I'll give
you guys a little bit of sneak preview
that'll be it for now though because I
want to have a big surprise tomorrow as
to what they're doing to the car it
looks really clean though that's all I
can say they're taking the wheels off it
so well I'll be it for today I'm really
really skeptical let's go ah
you know universe we don't have time to
do your laces up right let's get in the
car
we're gonna go meet a friend of mine at
the train station
let's go bub
Oh bro how you doing man
still got no water this is math what row
I need to use your shower no no it works
no wait I've got one we're gonna work
yeah right so Morgan has been an
absolute legend and let me use his holy
the bathroom is soaked oh my god oh my
god I left the shower on and the oh it's
all wet out here oh no oh no what do we
do what do we do what do we do oh my god
oh my god water everywhere was some
husband
someone's been in and touched the bath I
haven't touched the bath I've never even
touched them the whole bathroom is
soaking and flooded in water oh my god
this is an absolute nightmare um
it turns out the manager of the whole
hotel came in was messing about with
that while I was having a shower down in
Morgan's shower so it wasn't my fault
they're moving me into room one which is
like was it called right the bridal
suite
the pressure look back universe
affectionately this is our cell yeah
although I guess the software as well
watch it so ah look at that
oh I go go to the for postman yeah look
at this
Donner elder guys this is room number
one this is the bridal suite I'm
sleeping here tonight
insane Touche my girlfriend isn't with
me to be fair got a nice little view of
the garden as the Sun Goes Down and I
was little mirror so I could put my
wedding dress on this is genuinely
called the bridal suite like they do
weddings at this venue and this is where
the bride and groom sleep in here so at
least in the morning when I wake up I
can have a shower and brush my teeth
right let's go for a meal Oh
Oh boys girls squid realize that it
looks like my wake okay don't say like
Canada it looks good oh it's not about
the size about what you can deal with it
it's the technique well come on look at
it looks nice bro let's go a lot sighs
my friend bro sneak preview this is
where malls and I are gonna be start
editing I've logged on the same chair
you go you sit here
there we go that's where we're gonna be
sitting in the next three hours so you
guys made it into my well my for post my
mentors for Pope's bedroom is crazy and
I can't believe this is literally you
look at the door is room really guys
might as well thank you guys if you know
some guys say us and keep smiling I'll
catch you guys in tomorrow's vlog whoa
you
you
