then we have an action-packed
fun-filled day today guys I've got some
cutting up to do let's do this oh my god
I've no way gonna fit all of this in one
bag ready so I'm going away for a little
bit but this isn't just like any normal
trip that I go on as you guys know I
somehow managed to do Berlin a weekend
in Berlin and the weekend a weekend a
weekend in Portugal a few weeks ago just
with this backpack but this time things
are a little bit more serious I need the
inspire 1 controller batteries and
charger I need a backup camera
I need my gimbal I need my laptop I need
my phones and in some spare batteries
first but for you guys your eye memory
card reader laptop charger all the
accessories that are already in my
travel bag as well as my favorite
headphones about QC 35 bad boys I lost
to London I don't want to tell you guys
why I don't want to spoil the surprise
I'm driving there right I usually get a
train to London as you guys know but
this time I'm driving because in a few
hours today I've also got some wireless
mesh access points on the way up to
London I'm stopping off at my new
clients house in Peterborough to install
some Wi-Fi I'm hoping it's only going to
take me about an hour it's currently
7:13 a.m. you can already tell by the
sunshine it's going to be a brilliant
day
kryptek look at that done team there
let's go water phone keys secret jacket
three half hour drive guys let's do this
but give you guys a little tip right
what I like to do when I'm in the car I
love music I thrive off music like music
is if I'm in a bad mood it makes me
happy it motivates me keeps me going I
absolutely love it and my time in the
car what I tend to do is I go on Spotify
inspired by open this thing called
discover weekly and it looks at your it
looks at the kids that you listen to and
your music tastes and suggests you music
like that okay okay
two and a half hours later have arrived
and look in my rear view camera I can
see a Range Rover next to that and a
bath and then there is a Maserati let's
check these out and tell them in the
right place just because of these cars
and I love these cars to not be a bar
we've been in this Maserati before look
at that boy right so that's the a bath
we've got a GoPro on the front and on
the back I'm going to get in here and
then we're going to go into straight
away the main reason I've come down to
London directly just outside of London
which is absolutely awesome we're very
close to London I'm here for a few days
I'm not 100% sure what I'm going to be
doing welcome down in London brother the
main reason why it wasn't a night where
we're going now and taking my car to get
something done to it so I can tell that
my cars being left in good hands when
the caliber of car that these guys
usually work on is that
Wow
so this is my car now as you can see
it's absolutely filthy just bugs
everywhere
it's just diabolical really it's so as
far as wrapping the thing is concerned
all I'm getting done on the wrap is
having this bar here changed to red from
chrome just this one right so I managed
to go beyond experience with its max
protect shirt on so this is what he does
for a living right go go through what
we're going to be doing to my whip here
right to your whisk there first of all
we're going to give it a nice clean
because she's nice and fluffy yeah very
very dirty so we're going to get rid of
them and then the next stage will be a
full decontamination which remove the
stuff but actually going to paint you
can literally see and then okay then
further on we can start on with a paint
correction which is a plate correction
which is a fancy word for machine
polishing so they're currently detailing
this Porsche right now and then they're
going to do my car and then obviously my
car's a priority over that I'm joking
that cars a lot nicer than mine but that
they're doing that car the PPF in that
car after they do mine so I'm a little
skeptical and I never thought I'd get
any work done to my car but here I am
right guys I'm going to be picking up my
car on Saturday at 4 p.m. from this
place max protectors right any of you
want to come down and if anybody's
around
I put the address in the description
let's see if you want to come down see
me and have a look at my car and have a
look at me and now can I look at you
guys we're going to do signings both
ends but you're really area feel free to
come down if you know when you're not
but I just feel really cool to try
meeting with you guys if you're in the
area right I'm going to leave my car
here at Marcus X and I'm going to come
back to pick it up on Saturday
there's my car they're janitors maps
protect I'm going to say bye now and
I'll pick up the car in a few days time
and we will either be amazingly shocked
at how good it is or amazingly shocked
at how the same is I'm thinking it's
going to be absolutely mental
obviously I'm aware there's going to be
a few mixed comments about getting
things done let rap to the car like my
father when I told him that I was going
to come and get this thing you know get
stuff done to me because I know I don't
it's going to it's going to it's my car
so I'll do what I want
but I know there's a lot of mixed
questions so if you guys have anything
to say about rapping I've made a cutey
about it whether you like it or you
don't like it or you think it damages
the paintwork yeah any other so if you
want to go ahead and comment on that and
then on Saturday I'm doing a giveaway
for all the people that commented on
that QT so that's going to be like a
cash prize or a car detailing kit or
something like that something to do with
getting something done to your car but
if you don't own a car then a big cash
prize or something but yeah there you go
don't know what to expect
sweetness arrived into my hotel room for
the evening really really nice room but
I need to nip and get some food we'll
take a look at our room later this
evening this is a cool vibe I'm really
enjoying it let's do this and it's a
Buddha star look where I am
this is like an authorized Porsche
dealership jzm right and this car here
obviously I'm never ever going to have
one of these cars and not many people
aren't ever going to have one of these
cars just looking at it is a privilege
this is the RS 4.0 this car is worth
north of half a million pounds like
these are like dreams to have a car like
that to earn a car like that so people
literally buy them and keep them in here
don't drive them they keep them in here
and just polish them every other day and
then they'll sell them on and make money
on it like it is like a whole different
world but it was know existed so this
wraps up guys an incredible day messing
around with cars I've given my car in I
don't know what to think
I'm really scared not scared that's not
the right word optimistic I'm optimistic
about it I don't know it's going to be
like there's a little bit of rapping
going on you guys will be more in the
Lupus what I'm doing when when I go pick
the car Vin's lovers and Porsches - that
was really really fun - seeing a you
know a garage full of immaculate
Porsches that was really really really
fun so massive thanks to my friend
Darren who's currently in the pub right
now at the pub which is come for a few
pints now he's organised all of it to
show me around and us guys around all of
us all the car stuff and I'm trying to
make some entertaining content for you
guys I suppose really I'm having put in
the meantime and that's what I heart is
love it it's amazing that we can do this
all together and I love it so much
hopefully guys were alright I'm going to
go have a pint inside I don't usually
drink so everybody's now looking at me
from inside the pub so this is going to
be awkward as soon as I walk in but
everybody's pointing out Malloy's waving
there we go right I'm going in I'm going
in right I don't know whose people are
by the way I have no clue
and I genuinely can't wait to see what
they've done to my car but is going to
be or what they're doing to my car much
rather that is going to be absolutely
insane you want to follow Yanis or you
know in the max protect shop and his
Instagram and stuff and his YouTube
channel I put it all in the description
he has a YouTube channel and Instagram I
think he only has YouTube and Instagram
boys put putting like most of his stuff
so if you guys want to go ahead and
follow that we wicked I'll put it in the
description of this video but for now
I'm going to go ahead and make this
place all cozy guys my name's Ben Alex
you guys have been awesome if you still
hear this part of the video drop a like
rating that I've been the world to me
guys and I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog
a DM
Oh
