yeah yeah it's doing the videos yeah
it's a learn the linkage yeah my on that
there is someone I used to go to school
with that guy good morning guys how are
y'all doing my name is of course Alex
it's currently 10:30 a.m. the Sun is
beating down today it's going to be an
absolutely gorgeous day
anyway it's going to be a gorgeous day
today I've just finished a meeting in
this building over here I've got I've
got another meeting there on Monday at
11 a.m. when I pull on public Wi-Fi
system installs gonna be a big run this
one I mean one of my big missions to get
this done anyway that sort of work out
the way for today only one meeting let's
have some fun I need to open this good
morning guys how we all doing my name is
of course Alex I'm going to take this to
the office because there's no point of
me having it here myself here is fine so
let me tell you something I figured out
while I was on my vlogging break one
thing that I was I was telling you guys
a lot before I went on this little feud
a break was that I didn't know whether I
should be showing you guys my work or I
shouldn't and I've came to this
conclusion though I'm going to try and
do is get my work done in in the
mornings in the first part of my day
which will then hopefully free up the
second part of the day to go out and do
some cool vlogging now there's some
there's some good sides to this is some
bad sides to this one good side is that
it forces me to get my work done in the
morning and get it out the way even
though I love work which is something
that I'm very I'm very happy that I can
say that and then this vlogging thing is
absolutely brilliant I love having fun
with you guys going up flying drone
messing about with my office
get to the point now so Ella I'm
thinking to myself where do I stop like
it's going mad okay I'm going to do a
video called my dream they're right I
think that's what I want to call it and
it's where it's we're going to be
redoing this best time start right wall
this desk that I'm sat up right here but
obviously a wine potatoes as well you
guys want to take everything a little
bit more seriously you know when I'm
doing like product reviews and so I want
to be doing stuff like having USB ports
in the desktop and quickly hot-swap
keyboards and mice as and when I'm
testing them and if I want to play games
etc etc what LEDs everywhere I think
that I can put LEDs on the desk it's
starting to take the mick now how many
LEDs I've got you understand where I'm
coming from I'm doing mad with
everything another example would be that
I want to put all these LEDs on the same
transformer oh okay I'm coming I'm
coming I'm coming I'm coming
so I can control the LEDs in here and
change the color off one remote right
and then have the transformer for it
behind the TVs are from the set on sofa
and change the color of the things
without having to like reach around here
and point it all the way down there do
you see what I mean about me going
slightly mental with it I could just
leave it as is but that's not a good
idea
let's push ourselves Jess here later my
third rub pretty good
some shots run all the way to the shop
to buy this tape measure your eye how
you doing how to measure up
so we've measured up in the big room the
main reason was because today is today's
the day let's head let's head to Ikea
Keys G let's go we're in the car because
it only shotgun rubbish I'm in the front
I'm in the front right for real on the
way there Jordan you're in the front
- sir stick you come to an Ikea is the
social section and that is exactly the
main thing that we need a sofa of the
corner variety so this one is the so
we're going to get this is the corners
okay is the right side but it's in this
color or this one so what I'm doing is
taking photos of everything as we go
around this is going to be one of the
tables for the middle of the room and it
goes very nice of the cream the light
the lighter so got the sofa sorted now
all we need is the best of
one section is the last section sorted
2119 yeah how much is Mars bar Howard is
my husband 2119 me to go there
right so we got this in the bargain bin
80 down to 60
I'll ask um it was a bit more than this
right pick this one out and we'll just
leave it right you bought everything
upstairs that we bought hang ahead
you're going through here very soon
literally now thank you very much sir
for accompanying me to Ikea and getting
all the things to the office we will
have fun in the weeks to come
putting it all together shall indeed
will be very good very good let's go and
see our finished painted roof literally
buzzing to this whoa it's so good
everything is pure white now look at
that we can get our switches on the wall
we can put the light in the roof let's
get this done
one two three four look at them badges
they're very nice
there we go guys Journal I've just
finished off the room we've got a sick
job so we put all of the the light
switches in the walls properly to them
all nice and flush that's been painted
as well as all the plug sockets and
things even this one in the roof which
is currently this cable is plugged into
my camera my camera is currently on
charge right now so that is all working
this is insane dimmer switch obviously
it's all working to to the light nice
and in with nice and bright dim Brian
guys get the point that switches off the
LEDs right as you're coming by the door
taking but I write or barely knees on
boom right what me spots on nice and dim
or light and bright done geez thank you
ever so much for helping me mate and
coming to Ikea and everything you've
done for me like in the last that I give
me lift when I have a car and help me
with all the electrics mate I always say
good friends are key to living a good
life the plaid said it was it matey I
appreciate I appreciate having me about
my friends thank you very much for
energy that'll do me for today I think
what about here
who obviously made not for a while
because I'm going away tomorrow I'll see
you soon
the only the only thing I bought for
myself at this house was one name
candles to replace this one there we go
okay a hundred percent sure all of these
early mornings and late night will pay
off it's almost 1:00 in the morning
right now anyway guys my name's Mel like
you guys have been all so remember guys
work hard stay positive and hit me up on
Twitter if you've got any questions you
want to have a chat with me anyway guys
my name's Mike you guys been awesome
guys tails and keep smiling I will catch
you in tomorrow's vlog we're going
somewhere cool adios
you
