I think
boy I was early in your life huh she's
not tired here we have a GoPro Hero 5
this is for my gopro giveaway that I've
recently done on QT last chance today
there's three hours after this video
goes live for you guys to enter just go
drop a comment on the GoPro cutie I'll
put a link in the description just let
me know your favorite thing about GoPro
could be a favorite GoPro mount and then
this in three hours time I will be
picking a winner for this bad boy Jordan
should be here soon speak of the devil
yeah you wanna you wanna have a go at
winning this G you like to comment on
the GoPro QC now get your commenting if
you comment on it I'll do it randomly if
you will make you in biology copy
finished let's go
Judy Rudy car let's go unfortunately due
today I'm not feeling too cheeky I'm
feeling a little bit ill but hopefully
this hot Nando's will sort my nose out
so I'll and you know like magic
gorgeous sorry guys I try Andrea Jed now
works the edge of coffee house of ICJ I
know the barber shops closed again I
wanted to pick up that gift a fan's
Leslie but not today maybe across the
back of your shoulders I have spotted
squatty with it Lisa miles uma your box
is built with a weight light yeah we
haven't seen it in real life of you it's
what we call the young kids call IRL in
real life no isin't it am I asking you
like that you probably on YouTube
however it looks better in real life
yeah all the shelves lit up but I'll
leave you to it then suggest in the
toilet arrived in the office for the
evening now I've run three YouTube
channels I have a main channel which I
do my big projects on the next things
coming up on there's a live streaming
room which is going to be awesome this
obviously my daily vlogging channel to
whatever I do to my desk a life is on
here and I've got my other channel tech
flow which has taken a bit of a fall in
the last month because I haven't had
time to make videos on it because it is
so busy my office has been dysfunctional
and it's difficult to work from a
dysfunctional office I've made myself my
own setup what I'm wanting to do is an
old fashioned what I used to call a text
flows top five where I go through this
most you know through the movie mother
you to be like my top 5 tech products
that I've enjoyed using the most every
month pager so here's the tech first op
5 me and Jed Jed and I are going to
record that now and get some videos
contact low right now to note we've got
some work to do this can be fun
so much has happened in the last half an
hour hour and a half I filmed a tape
flow video Jed has left and geez back
from work
yeah IG the reason Jesus come around is
because well we all know clearly that G
is upset with cars so we've got some car
modding to do a little bit later more
specifically my car Joe it's module car
- I'm not sure I'm going to do that
though gee I'm sorry G I didn't know we
were going to doing it together but yeah
we'll do that a little bit later first
right there's my I say protected a
little bit more G I need to ask you a
question you're a handyman before we go
and do these car Mart
these I think I'm ruining this room I
think I did a bad job putting these up
how can I make it so that we can take
these down and then put them back up
when we want to use it you get up your
step ladders I'm going to climb across
all right there we go go straight across
that beam just into it okay that's the
thing I need to do for this room because
I think is ruining the aesthetic of it
next thing is to move the desk back and
get everything back on my desk and then
we need to take delivery for all the
stuff to the new editing desk which I'm
currently currently trying to put
together
I don't know I'm talking to you guys
when I'm all the way up here I don't
have a really dangerous and I could fall
down but thanks about yeah we could do
that that's going to be good richy's if
we could do that as mg coz my fee is
tomorrow yeah yeah IKEA he poses an
undue sex-talk but we've had none dates
today please keep watching this really
because yeah I'm going to get safer yeah
yeah Sophia hold up hold up hold up hold
up hold up hold up right Jesus did you
plan yes he laughs yeah we need to whip
up that don't we do with the basket
there we what in it blankets and stuff
so I get some steady blankets i qg do
there really yeah and we can put them in
whiskered wicker basket always have a
look
look as well they wrote four down here
obviously all this is going to be
carpeted as well a little table for
there with a little lamp on it maybe
yeah nice rustic lamp maybe a few plants
get a bit of greenery liberal reason why
can he like on it for a vending machine
like an old-school dispenser I do too
following my friend right let's go to
these mods so it's very late at night
right now and I've got all the stuff
right here that I need to do my car mods
and some other stuff in the booth all of
this stuff arrived whilst I wasn't
blogging over the weekend ready for me
to to do all to include it in the vlog
when other surprises now here so it's
very late outside I need to quiet but
let's go and do some cool mods to my car
yeah so here's all the stuff my car mod
for one of them ugh alright by any
stretch of imagination these mods are
mental mods but they're pretty cool so I
have in my car just down there you can't
really see it in Amazon Alexa for a
lecture to work in the car you need
Wi-Fi
now I had a pretty good solution in the
car before to get Wi-Fi but it relied on
me keeping to charge up this little
device in the boot so I'm going to make
this a little bit better
I've got he's a 4G Wi-Fi dongle and then
a massive antenna to make sure I've
always got 4G signal stick that in there
so that should stay on all the time and
then simply just stick it down under
there then I've got these little sticky
things I'm going to put all over the
boot lid to hide this horrible cable
there we go I've done it look at that so
under the partial shelf on my car I've
got a massive 4G antenna with this cable
that goes like that all the way over to
my 4G Wi-Fi device which is being
charged by this short cable here so it
will get power every time I turn the car
on which is giving out Wi-Fi for all my
passengers in the car as well as Amazon
Alexa the best way to test this is
definitely going to be with the speed
test
there we go look I'm all connected only
three to one
45:39 meg right you ready for this right
Alexa are you online yes I am connected
to the Internet
absolutely brilliant you can't touch
this by MC Hammer from Spotify ready to
touch it absolutely brilliant I
installed these in my car in an old vlog
they're meant to say mini what the hell
is that let's change this look at that
on my car door as you open it John
Cooper Works that looks mad right so
there's all my car mods doing I am in a
really photography s kamut so I'm going
to get in the car put the heated seats
on and then drive somewhere that's
really quiet and take some long exposure
photos of the cars I just want to go and
use my skills a little bit
this look scary enough for you guys down
here you think uh we go we go in here
about down here this looks really scary
a publishing for doing this by myself
I'm probably going to something bad is
probably going to happen and I'm quite
that looks so scary down there oh no oh
my that goes on for so long what is down
here but they go down here guys I'm so
scary
do it here let's park across the road
like that right hopefully a cool photo
in three two one
what you have to try and remember is
those photos were taken at night in
these conditions like the moon is out
that is the light from the moon right
now alright guys I'm going to go ahead
and end today's vlog here it's been
really good doing all those and I'm
absolutely freezing bein outside doing
all those miles to the car and about
another fun day I've really enjoyed it
but guys my name's now likes you guys
been awesome guys stay off and keep
smiling stay motivated
if you wanna chat and I'll see you guys
in tomorrow's vlog ready - yes every
single day
ah
