good morning guys how are your doing my
name is of course Alex guys and welcome
back welcome back to the vlog
I've been little oh I'm taking my time I
feel like I'm out of my mind I feel like
my life ain't mine looking real eh oh
I've been no no no I haven't taken much
so just a quick something I recorded
yesterday evening my last evening with
Maria so I just get a few things
straight right off the bat Alex why
isn't the bility vlogs for the last
three days what's going on
are you carrying on vlogging let's clear
it up so yes as of this video going live
I am going to be carrying on vlogging as
usual as I have been for the last year
and a half don't worry a certain
question Alex why did you disappear
without telling everybody you said in
the last vlog you pop see you tomorrow
see you in tomorrow's blogger and there
wasn't a vlog okay I hadn't planned to
stop vlogging for a little bit I hadn't
planned to take a what some people would
call a break
even though it hasn't been a break
really I've still been working I did let
everybody know on on Twitter and
everybody was super supportive of it and
I let everybody know I mean it wasn't a
big deal for me and always know I was
gonna come back but yeah I'm sure it was
just a break from vlogging but not
because I really wanted to but probably
because I needed to there's Brit analogy
I can give you guys it's a bit like a
car like an engine this whole thing is
an engine and it takes work and effort
to do this thing a car fix fuel and
energy to run if you came you put on the
accelerator for you know twenty four
seven the in car the car is eventually
it's going to break down it's going to
stop working the way to keep the car
running is to turn it off over now and
again maybe sometimes give it a little
bit of a service get it again give it a
little bit of an MOT check and then
throw it back out on the road
everything's good as new it was also the
girlfriend's birthday on Thursday so yes
Maria she is my girlfriend Tony to clear
this up yes we broke up no it wasn't a
publicity stuff all I can say about that
is sometimes people need to spend some
time apart to realize what anything does
that make sense
I'm happy to the back up all you guys
are okay too
actually wait hold the phone in a minute
before I leave the house I'm quitting
the garret right now I've got these
things in here these arrived
not sure why I don't think I ordered
them did I so like more you I don't know
what's in there but like these are USB
powered LED so I'll take them to the
office so I'm assuming yeah yeah I don't
know why they arrived I don't remember
ordering them but we have some more LED
right I've got some bits so we can go to
the office and have a little bit of a
play
obviously the room has been painted well
they did in the last vlog I did the the
LEDs around the console stem that was
cool right let's just go to the office
have some fun first I need to go to the
hairdresser's not to get my hair cut
though okay the barber shop is closed
okay so my barber the one that is at the
barber shop he got me a text yesterday
and he was like yo Alex how you do and
hope you're all right how you that
what's going on what's cracking he then
told me that events always it sort of
being into the barbershop one of my
subscribers had given him something to
give to me so oh well the new Mars bar
work hard anyway logos have just arrived
check them out Wow look at me wicked
these ones are a little bit rude but it
says getting done in progress keep out
so yeah my father he said there was
someone that gave him something I was
going to go and collect it but they're
closed and it'll either close it's
moving
but I'm going to take off the work on
anyway Lopez is already there and
replace it with the Mars bar edition
work card anywhere logo I'm pretty sure
those are up on work cut anywheres
websites if you want to buy them you can
do let's see what this room was like
because I totally haven't been here for
like three days now and I forgot we're
good now we get box looking super clean
look at me and then the paintin is to
come do a few more coats and then this
room is ready for the main channel
alright I'm not saying that I do want to
do in this video but it seems is cooling
midday and everybody's still in the
office working and it's going to make a
lot of noise I'm going to have to wait
to do it this evening when everybody's
done but for now I need to get this desk
sorted out three two one
sweet let's get rid of all the maps
right that'll do for now before I go
cable tags are a genius way to make sure
your LEDs don't fall down let's leave
this place and come back later when
everybody's finished work and we can
make we can make some racket because
I've got a feeling we're going to be
making a hell of a lot of racket hello
yo bro what you doing bro you're just
chilling watching TV what we watch in
hang right I totally forgot I already
stated the others a little bit longer
and got a little bit more done back
totally forgot to take my work phone
with me to the office I've got to jet
back because I was expecting a call at
6:30 which I have had I've now taken it
literally lasted 30 seconds now I need
to go oh well well I'm pretty much I'm
on train station duty right now I need
to drop Maria to the train station so
she can tell us back to Manchester and
do her University stuff oh the joy come
on let's go well you take so long to get
ready get in the whip Oh bye bye Maria
a small hunch just a small one the LG
like me a little bit LG LG LG LG LG LG
LG I cannot wait to open this oh look
there's my unboxing knife but before I
unbox it before i unbox that I need to
move the TV back slightly there we go
I'm absolutely buzzing to open it
absolutely buzzing absolutely buzzing
would maybe be a slight bit of an
understatement this in here it's for the
TV right but but this in here it's
something that it's just absolutely an
engineering masterpiece and I am
absolutely buzzing absolutely buzzing to
get this thing out the box and oh my Wow
look at that I'm just gonna place that
okay it is a sound bar right but
underneath here is something that's
going to make this whole set er this
whole setup be so much better look at
this bad boy come on you get naked can
you tell I've got a little bit of a cold
and it's really really annoying Wow look
at it I'm going to put it on the table
the table the table behind the TV I'll
leave it there
can you can't see forget plug in the
sound bar it's a little remote for it by
the way there is no so exciting there is
I'm so excited about this is because I
don't think I've been told that this
isn't just any stat sound while this is
like something that's a little bit more
extreme than most sound bars
it's got Dolby Atmos surround sound so
it feels like the speakers are bug you
and around and with the price point that
this thing comes in at number one I'd
expect it to include batteries but
number two it better deliver optical
cable goes into the TV and when it has
Wi-Fi built into the sound bar so
upconverting 4k compatible wireless sync
bluetooth 500-watt dog out most is the
main thing let's get this thing set up
usually sound bars are just plug in and
go but I'm gonna need this I'm gonna
need to read the manual here download
the LG musicflow application from the
App Store to set up your sound bar okay
I told you this was going to be an
experience okay so the sambar has a
Google chromecast built into a cop I'll
call it the LSR sound bar SSR sound bar
I screaming room sound bar if I go on my
phone and load up Spotify it should
LSR sambar it's that ok should we do
this time I select I might be mine
boogie with whoa
well now the decorator just needs to
finish so we can start this thing right
guys I've got like such a bad cold on if
you can tell with my nose the distance
and sound any different when I go like
that I want to go like that I just I'm
blocked up but yeah Joker tonight it's
been a while since yellow stayed over
here so that sir that's new guys my
name's Alex let's Bend Jeb I will catch
you guys in the next vlog which will be
tomorrow I promise yes
Oh
Oh
Oh
