good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course Alex and I wasn't
going to be vlogging today so today is
Maria my girlfriend's birthday I said I
was going to take the day off for it
unfortunately one or two things happened
and yeah she's not coming home now till
a little bit later on so I thought I may
as well
vlog today another washing the car I
want to ask you guys something right now
if you're interested I've put a link in
the description to a kiti page that I've
I've created and it's all about car
wrapping the number one question I'm
asking is should I get this car wrap
what do you guys think of car wrapping
in general do you think it damages the
paintwork of the vehicle and Yeti
Arietta
do you think it's more hassle than it's
worth but yeah I put a link in the
description if anybody wants to go to it
I'm thinking about getting this wrap but
not changing the colour of it more on
the Qt page but yeah she's all clean now
grills mended I have a wing mirror and
the doors thick brilliant all guys all
of the stuff has arrived what we need to
do I need to open that press because
what's in there I think is really cool
but all of this stuff has arrived this
is exactly what we need to do the
project in the office and I'm going to
start doing that today also the painters
coming this evening he's starting to
paint this is delicious with brand new
they've only just come out like it was
so hard to get hold of these sweet LED
cable extensions and splitters do
daddy's for the middle of the whole job
below the parcels here assuming that is
an LED strip oh oh it's a pack a doodad
more was more hahaha this is the present
I bought for Maria I need to give it to
it today as well as the necklace that I
bought others in here I also we FaceTime
a lot when she's at uni and she can
never like proper phone up so I can see
it properly so I bought her a little
tripod and yeah haha and it's so I need
to try and wrap up ah I need to I need
to try out this backup I should have
taken out the box but I don't know what
it was
okay I'll leave that there for now thank
you found out you for something you guys
want that person to claim it when oh and
just quickly guys before I before we
head off let you guys know that I've
actually put some of your fund out a
funnel I did it last night
off camera
this one is absolutely wicked and then
you guys come on with me a play butter
and then it's this like Mars media and
then this is not that plat play you guys
want to send me anything and I'm not
saying you have to do or want girl you
know I'd look I'd love receiving stuff
from you guys it's amazing my peer box
it's in the description bye bye mess
I'll clean you up I'll clean you up
later you guys see that my grandma and I
were here cleaning last night and it's
honestly just the dust from that it's
just so dusty and okay you're looking
sweet okay so the main reason I'll come
to the office today is to see if we can
sort out all of this stuff that we've
got here now pretty much what I want to
try and do is create like some sort of
light show going on type things or LED
lit a cable extension the deal with this
is we have one transformer here which we
can go ahead and unplug straight away
and then oh my and then we plug in the
splitter like that then we get two
outputs and then theoretically and
should be able to power the LED another
set of LEDs boom that works fine but
through this really long extension cable
which is going to run the LEDs down to
the box that we've built so we have our
cable here which is connected to the
transformer that does these light I then
need a splitter undo the doodad attach a
doodad to the cable attach the cable to
the splitter and there we go now we can
run three sets of LEDs off this kpop one
set another set and that set one front
of that one front of there and then want
to go round the rig
I'm going to come back and finish that
off a little bit later but Maria takes
me she just got home I want to go and
see it it's a birthday because I totally
forgot you is coming this evening that's
why our onions are you coming I did some
painting on the wall to see which color
I liked best
but now we're doing the real thing okay
builders here is starting to paint this
is become so real right now
Wow
it's white guys look at it is why it's
all white
look at wicked this is the food of the
first coat it still looks a little bit
darker than than what I'd like is
looking absolutely wicked to see it like
this he's awesome and if we just dim our
lights down for a quick second there we
go
this this is starting to look working
right as the road slippery it's
obviously her birthday today I've had a
meal with her I haven't given her a
friend√≠s yeah I'm going to that a
little bit later on this evening she
says she's very tired just a little nap
cause that's right I'm going to come
back I'm going to finish all this I'm
gonna go run later oh then I want to go
around later and give her a present
let's see if we can do this
there we go my box the LED box is
complete turn the moonlighters over here
guys I'll just dim them down a little
bit they know it's looking old nice
nothing there you go
that's the LED box it's done it looks
wicked but I think it's going to better
to turn those off all together like that
and then look at this oh wow that's
immense look at that LED box we've done
it we've done it good enough amazing
really cool this is insane
awesome job awesome awesome awesome
best part of us is a splitting LED plan
now the reason I wanted to do that was
because now if I do that switch it
should still turn off all the LEDs so
when I turn them off well they're all
off and I can turn them on with the wall
switch and then they should oh wow
Blizzard's arrived at the office again
doesn't have the office address on it
it's got my name on it Mars bar and the
people in the office down there it got
delivered to their address I'm assuming
it's from a fan guide if you want to
send me stuff peer box is in the
description don't try and guess my
address cuz we're going to be moving
soon all of this stuff back into back
into the main office once it what is
that sound bar for K sound / LG whoa
wait a minute
people bring in my deliveries up to my
new what this office not the new up that
looks and haha I think I saw this on an
mkbhd video those like raise up the
speaker's raise apart the sound bar whoa
it's got Dolby Atmos I'm assuming this
sound bar and Wireless the woofer is for
that okay I didn't know that arrives
that's something we can unbox soon this
kids say open on cam so ah that's that
broken that is that is gorillapod
oh no oh dear oh no it's not focusing it
won't focus Oh No so again I'll give it
a few bands on the table and it seems to
be working fine now that's sweet
by the way I don't know where the hell
my knife has gone wha
that's mental
right guys I'm going to go ahead and end
today's vlog here so for the short one
today than usual have planned as well to
go and do some like time lapses of the
Stars and stuff I thought was gonna be
really cool I haven't done that in such
a long time going take some nighttime
photography some just using that time
photography for you guys we're going to
take those the cars and stuff and I do
want to I do want to put that in the
books to do that sometime soon but I say
I want to go see Maria cuz it's her it's
her birthday today and it only happens
once a year so guys - meow likes you
guys been awesome guys I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog we've got a cool we've
got a few cool things to do builder
needs to finish painting and then we'll
go about soundbar to open all so what
about anyway guys are yes
Oh
Oh
