please make so much cheers kids thank
you gee my car's back ah let's hear the
engine let's go oh yeah finally got my
car back the is the wing mirrors on the
car works happy days
yeah and the doors all sorted I want to
call it round this hell of a house that
you've got here mate yeah sweet so this
is my friend here Luke's hat and it's
asking that much of an awesome house
that Luke rents the house out to people
to come and stay in it for example for
like a hindustan do if you just want a
house for a weekend to come and stay and
get away for a bit
it's what this place is for and it's
pretty mad inside from what heard the
expensive one it's cracked up to be
Lucas yes it especially what it's
cracked up to be
good good we're gonna share them with
you Jesus model alright let's do this
alright here we go we're in the main
lobby Lucas where we're going first
let's go through here look at this let's
take you oh wow wow Lucas wow it's
amazing look at this place it does it's
really cool look at that man that
chilled nothing's come boiling okay yeah
then put your undoing that you've got a
nice sound system I'm surprised no one's
poke those through
won't hello ha
fucking is insane mansion this is a
minute oh my god it carried on it
carries on going or but so we've just
come from down that at the kitchen and
there's this big living area here and
then this oh god he's gorgeous look it
uh neither from a personal video day
mate Julian oh and you know when you
just want a bit every jacuzzi sort of
thing going down they are do get in
there you're loving that onion and I
thought watch out we get home haha look
at I don't get it I was good the view as
well I like mountains over so this is
the master if it's my room then yes it's
my room I can't believe Luke I get this
all to myself all to myself
welcome that light as well so I can
bring some guests but I'm not going to
incident I'm not going to do that but
you've got other rooms as well so yeah
they can have loads of people saying you
know what I can have a party I can bring
loads of people down there's so many
bedrooms and they've all got like a
gorgeous view is a little agenda it is
more bedrooms Oh a nice bigger room and
say nothing spacious is madness a little
fountain in the middle and then it
obviously carries all the way around
there we haven't even been you know love
it then you really can't believe I'm
getting this all for myself
come on Lucas what are these on that
alright
definitely going to be working out a few
games of pool that has to be happening
doesn't it is its massive isn't it
absolutely massive and then I can sit
there and then my significant other can
sit on either side of the table you can
be like cheese
I can see them in the table J that we've
just come all the way from down there
and now we're going into this part which
is well we're in that room of their now
all the way down here and there's even
more rooms and Wow
as you can tell Lucas but I'm fairly
impressed with the this is amazing
so through this door here right is the
magical piece let's have a look oh look
at that oh my god here's a pool and I
just want to jump in absolutely gorgeous
a little bit the one thing I would say
the pool isn't center to the room yeah I
know we didn't do that wait a minute
you're a clever mind even more this is
heated isn't it it's heated seat don't
miss a beat do they G what do you think
of the shop
don't push me in what do you think it's
good it's really cool does the dog come
with their did you don't come with their
with the place or not tell me it's extra
cost Lucas thank you for EM around your
awesome house and I cannot wait to come
back I have it all mine it'll be all
fine
let me just explain where I'm be but
first Maria's birthday tomorrow
her card is inside here I did a moon
pick one Maria loves dogs
hence washes out with me so I put a
picture of her dog on the card
got it her birthday her birthday is
literally tomorrow so I've ordered a
loads of presents as well and I'm hoping
he never arrives at the office I've been
out and about all day so I didn't want
to order them to the house because no
one would have been in and they never
liked the globe willing to sign for them
so I've got them sent to the office I
really hope they're there because it's
her birthday tomorrow a little backstory
that house I've just been to and I mean
I'm in the videos in my house I'm gonna
stay here is going to be like minded
highs correct yeah I'm going to stay
there I'm going to stay there for a
little while through the whole place
will be kinda like my house for a bit so
I could do like a full-on tour around it
but what I did was before I said okay to
doing it and staying there for you know
a bit I want you to go look round it and
it's definitely just amazing so that is
the mansion that those guys are going to
be staying in for a short while I'm not
going to tell you guys when I'm going to
keep it a secret but yeah I literally
can't wait so they're staying in that
I've got my car back it's all good
Maria's birthday's tomorrow trying to
fill you guys in I need to go and see my
mum and my grandma for a bit
watch out itis boom going in and said to
the blood mom I don't know how you get
viruses on your computer
special devised it ok then I get viruses
on the computer she's got so many
viruses on that and I'm trying to sort
it by fixed grandma's computer for us so
we should be no viruses or anything oh
my god I've carefully
hello dirty Singh hello ok we can do
some nasty cleaning gear so you're gonna
need to be hasty cleaning gear because
it's an absolute disgrace Maria's
birthday present it arrived I also
bought myself some stuff too because
this is a designer but I know Maria
really likes and I thought to myself if
we're both wearing stuff from the same
designer then it's going to be it's
going to be power couple mode engaged
so we got a few things I'm slim I don't
think I am you are slamming over look it
has this thing but unfortunately the
last belt buckle is there and
this is finally happening grandma thank
you ever so much to helping me or doing
the majority of the work not helping me
we're cleaning the office finally the
thing is that you like said you know I'm
so sorry too why why if you look besides
this curtain rod so much why we want a
time on your hands how many but anything
better in your life to do and we still
negative you know absolutely working
hard and leaders for being successful
and all you do is winch and I feel like
doing that my garage is called out the
comment section and said I'll just wait
a minute in about five seconds there's
going to be thousands of people saying
well look you get your gun wants to
clean the office she volunteers to come
help me busy grandma I paid it to say
that don't forget your coat I will thank
you ever so much for helping me I really
appreciate it
yes it's a really good one to finish so
thank you Tom
right everybody's going to be a lot
better towards going on to the office is
now clean thanks to my grandma and then
we've got these boys in here doing the
electric say hey lad so tonight it's
going to be the big switch on for all
the electric in the new room and it's
also all clean in here so now these boys
are done a sick job hopefully all of the
plug sockets and the lights will work in
this room off the proper circuitry so
this is it ready for the big switch on
in a second
yeah look at all my love folks at Warner
my last year
yeah one of the right and then the left
there we go there on the boat on we've
got light oh dear hey and then watch
let's knock it test it gonna be that's
not you know wicked guys I'm going to go
ahead to end today's vlog here I've been
doing so much I've got a banging
headache officers all clean new belt
looking sweet electrics all on properly
installed it took the car guys I'll see
you in tomorrow's vlog
yeah
Oh God
