it's agreed now yeah guys this has been
it this has been London the fight
yesterday was absolutely incredible and
last night the Cyberman party
after-party was even better thank you
for the room we need to head
the guys Barney and I are in London for
the day our train home isn't until about
eight o'clock at this evening so we have
come and found ourselves in a camera
shop in a TV shop look at all of these
TVs guys it still is mental it's eight
grand it's 8,000 pounds 77 inches 4k HDR
look that's mental that is what we need
in the new house no as if you seen this
this is a little projector as legit a
projector and then guys it's my egg
drone thing here which is absolutely
mental I just want to buy this just to
see if it's any good and guys this shop
is mental or you can buy actual legit
lightning lightning air pods or ear pods
with this mental crazy cable look at
that I mean guys we need to take note of
all of this stuff because this is a sort
of thing that we need in the new house
this is all mental look at these light
bulbs as well I think they float got it
got it got it got it
so guys whilst I am in London today it's
only right that do a little bit of
shopping I want to sort of renew the
wardrobe obviously loving the merge at
the moment I've got some new designs
coming out I really really like this
jumper so I'm gonna go ahead and try
this on
sold absolutely gorgeous
I just been far too much money money
that I didn't have on new clothes just
for you guys there so guys I have
literally guys just got to back home
it's mental a plethora of GoPros and big
drones and smord roads actually sitting
to be guys on my inspire one no longer
works like this drone doesn't work and
it's not the actual drawing that's
broken it's the app DJ I've released an
update to the app and it just doesn't
work you don't think that's mental one
thing guys that I find absolutely
mind-boggling is the traveling uses so
much of your energy or is that just me
even though I'm just sat on a train for
an hour and a half trying to get back
from London to where I live right now
and there's not even any connections
it's just a simple train some reason
traveling just really tires me out it's
all past 10:00 at night right now and I
think having pretty much every right to
be tired I didn't get back from the
casino yesterday with the whole of the
sidemen lot until like 4:30 a.m. but
today what are the clothes and I've
never done a little fashion shoot so
gonna go in the bathroom and little
fashion shoot
these bag you just get to try on the
clothes this is the first thing my god
with this jacket and this jacket is from
Tom as you guys can see there this
jacket is from Tommy and I actually
really like this jacket it feels really
really really well built made bill bills
my bill it's been made I just really
really really really like the jacket
guys I think it's absolutely awesome I
love the sort of well the designer like
it's sort of really quite funky and I
also like the stripe that's on the
inside of the jacket nobody can see it
but it's nice to know it's there the
next item of clothing that I got guys
was this shirt and I got it because it
was reduced from 50 pounds to $19.99 so
I thought it was pretty nice which leads
me on to of this shirt right here this
is another one from Tommy and again it
just fit me really really nicely and I
don't really own much Tommy so yeah it's
nice to be sort of pushing the boat out
a little bit and doing things that are
sort of wouldn't usually do who these
guys are usually quite expensive but I
really do like hoodies especially white
hoodies so I went ahead and created a
white hoodie which is on my merch side
vertical my favorite hoodie that I own
but this white hoodie I bought today
loving this design down at the arm and
then on this side here and the next up
this really nice jumper super super thin
guys again at from Tommy hope you guys
like what I bought in the shop today I'm
not a massive fashion freak as you guys
know so if you liked what I bought then
brilliant and if you didn't I couldn't
really
so guys it's been a while since well we
just got a little bit intimate on camera
we've been all go recently and what we
want to do is just take a step back for
one quick second do a little Q&A with
you guys actually guys on my train on
the way home from London tonight to ask
me some questions and this is what you
guys had in store guys let's get into
these questions Sunday Q&A that happens
like once a month now are you still
going on your wireless internet company
from your old house or are you going to
run it from the new house seems to get
this question a lot from you guys and
it's a very valid question so as you
guys know a large part of my income my
job and what I do revolves around
selling internet wirelessly to my
clients we're in an Internet deprived
area here in the UK this little pocket
where I am right now the village that
I'm in so essentially I pay a lot of
money per month to have a really
powerful my own dedicated internet
connection port to this house and I sell
it to my neighbors via Wi-Fi anyway to
answer your guys questions yes I will
still be doing that when I move house
from this house as I say all my antennas
are on this house if I was to move on my
antennas to my new house that would mean
I'd have to pay to get the roads dug up
to get the fast internet connection to
the new house it will guys just be an
absolute nightmare but one thing I am
doing is giving myself internet at the
new house from this house so I'm not
able to pay BT virgin Comcast whatever
for Internet gonna be getting Internet
from myself what was the most difficult
decision in your life by far the most
difficult decision in my life guys was
decided was deciding whether to take a
gap year out and focus on YouTube and
Unruh Greta bleah the best decision of
my life I was sat there at something
like 50,000 subscribers a lot of people
go travelling I took it out to pretend
to focus that I was a full-time youtuber
to see if I gave my everything to this
camera what I could do and in that year
things went bang will you get Jakob a
chair instead of him sitting on the
floor haha like I never actually thought
of that I'm an idiot yeah I'll need to
get I'll get Jakob with GTA Meg are you
having a massive housewarming party heck
yes the house I'm not gonna be moving
into it straight away now hold your
horses obviously we're gonna be going
there every single day and pretend
to live at the new house but still gonna
solve sleep here I'm only 20 like only
20 years old don't wanna be living in a
without China sunlight really cocky and
rude the new house is absolutely massive
guys like he said it's massive and for
me to live there by myself it'll get
really lonely and I don't like being
lonely
I like surrounding myself with people
most especially positive people they say
the five people you hang around with the
most are a good representation of you
and I don't want that five people to be
nobody because I'll become boring and
lonely so yeah guys the house house is
huge it's not like it's a tiny flat back
and just live in and it's only just got
enough space for me and maybe my
girlfriend to move in it's a big to big
it's like a four-bedroom house yes guys
whilst I'm still living here but going
to the new house to mess about with it
every single day build cool setups and
cool rooms I'll be having lots and lots
of parties probably not with you guys
more my actual friends and in the house
as big as a four-bedroom house but
there's yeah I've got over a million
subscribers over the 3 channels that I
run so it's omnia 62 yes I'm going to
insomnia 62 not a hundred percent
confirmed for like 99% confirmed
going to insomnia so book you tickets
you can come and meet my face sort of
I'm sort of using my telly is a there's
a monitor
I can see myself I'm on tele mum
sweeping guys I'm gonna go ahead and
then today's daily daily daily vlog here
but don't worry don't prep guys cuz I
will see you tomorrow for another the
towel suggests it there he'll evil hug
guys if you want me to do more traveling
and what-have-you and so forth they let
me know guys by leaving a comment down
below telling me and leaving a light
rating and our trying go places I've
learned them more often do shopping and
just look for cool things and just get
out the house a bit more do you guys
want me to see that feel like you guys
want me to show you this all the time in
the office but you almost a leave the
house and the office we will do that but
for now guys Manny's been Alex you guys
have been awesome guys thanks for making
my dreams come true and I will see you
in tomorrow's daily vlog guys adios
