right so good morning guys my name is
Alex and here's another over-exaggerated
intro oh thanks she guess who's up early
6:27 am honestly getting up early having
a shower I'm feeling like I'm getting so
much more time in the day but when you
get in of this early it's crucial it's
crucial that you do this okay google
play me some music there we go
trust me I'm not lucky when I'm making a
coffee usually I was just doing it for
video purpose I try to do it set yeah
don't know if anybody's noticed recently
however I've been uploading the videos
at 6:30
instead of 6:00 p.m. now I'm not going
to sit here and say that this is going
to be a change that's going to happen
forever but it's something that I've set
up on myself to do because because I
used to edit my videos every evening I
used to spend you know a section
sections of the day recording it and
then I go home and end the vlog and then
stay up editing it for a few hours until
about 3:00 a.m. and what that did was it
made me really tired in the data's I
didn't get up till past nine o'clock and
I've been editing in the evening I
finished the blog imported the footage
formatted my camera and then gone to
sleep and enter the blog sometime in the
day sign up in three two one
Oh III go guys I've listened to the
post-office and dropped off all of the
goodies that I've been giving away for
you guys that was like I've dropped off
like an Amazon Alexa I last eviler
yesterday evening I ordered the GoPro so
I'm going to be giving that way next
week and I just dropped off the phantom
so I'm giving a little moving loads of
stuff away for you guys more giveaways
coming soon right turn and OH only now
and as long as you're feeling cheeky
just having the machine - Jake
seven pound fifty that whole meal cost
me seven pound fifty and I'm absolutely
full to the brim copy time three nothing
am Nando's all consumed time to get back
and do some stuff key things will be go
mate I will I'll see you soon yeah
cheers mate sweet guys all finished up
from Nando's and angel with Jordan okay
Google Play Mars bar vlogs from YouTube
in Alex's room sure thing my youtube or
my room ha house immense it worked for
that reason alone I love butter you can
put things on the TV by using your voice
I'm not sure if the likes we can do that
with the fire stay bill it works really
well with home but one of us the
question what do you guys prefer Mars
meteor Leah the picture is that how are
you doing
classy
yeah there is give me a call tomorrow
night I fit so if it's not working huh
this is a very simple to open so the
guys might like one of my clients
Richard's house numerous times in the
last week and you guys probably think of
yourself Alex are you probably a bit
sure what you do like you keep them
around the same dive house seems to keep
having issues and yeah like I can't fix
the problem I'm a dealer IT IT Network
IP administration if that's what you
want to call it as well as providing
Wi-Fi to people I also manage people
with like a normal house connection as
well I have no idea how the Pope is
swimming away
so yeah I'm doing this internet and it
keeps going off and I have no idea why I
managed to get it working and then a few
hit make sure it goes down again and if
I go hey that's pretty cool man that's
wicked one USBC cable that gives you
three normal USB ports HDMI Ethernet USB
C in for power and two card slots micro
SD and SD
well Sarah is that works I'm happy as
you can Rick if you can read that check
them out I know
there they are check them out there kwak
kwak the only legitimate read that I
came to the office was to well do the
LEDs up there and I was going to do like
a whole blog seven pigment on it because
it was like a big deal doing all of the
LEDs missing and I thought it's gonna be
like a really fun thing we could all do
it together
no obviously none of the gears arrived
I've set my whole evening ready to do
that or I can wait a minute I know what
we can do instead
it works sweet now marked my new memory
card reader wicked hmm what to do are
they gonna exactly what to do so many
tweets so many questions I know exactly
how many in this video I know exactly
how I'm going to spend what I was meant
to be spending my two hours doing doing
LEDs in the office instead I get
recognized instead of spending two hours
doing that will open this box which I
forgot about the mystery box from AE I
have no idea what she would just can we
just do this I remember I remember back
when I used to do your unboxing videos
like this from the vlog and we did get a
cool product and just unboxing it okay
this is what I'm seeing okay hey Alex
I'm so intrigued I'm so so intrigued
Alex please find enclosed your EEE
Samsung Galaxy s8 divide 25-pound Google
Play voucher it's not a Google pixel
it's the Samsung Galaxy S II 64 gig
memory 4 gig of ram ip68 dust and water
resistant or mega pixel cap this is sick
okay let me be a background okay I'm an
iPhone user at heart right I love
iPhones a look at the work and I love
what they do
but this right this is going to really
excite me because I went to this thing
with Sony and Portugal well got to mess
about with the new Sony phone in the
premium and I sort of that weekend I
fell in love with Android right so this
right now this is getting me excited you
ready are you ready ah my that is well
night so well should we get in the box
we've got something coming on there what
else we got in here we have got my
friend SIM card thingy bit of
documentation pair headphones look at
that screen the charging cable and I'm
assuming yet USB see obviously
USB C to normal USB there and many USB
see I'm assuming to micro USB yet USB C
to Mike so it's telling me to set up
facial recognition set up fingerprint
scanner set up iris scanner I'm not
going to do any of that now I just want
to test the
and it's that front-facing camera that I
want to test out let's swap this thing
around and are we ready we're videoing
right now
there we go from fading camera video
test here's my big camera and then here
is the essay well you guys think Lana's
a little bit sharper there well I think
these we phone games so good like trying
to focus
yes close on for a month pretty sure
it's 2.7 K on the front camera as well
although that's what no I didn't even
have it in the best quality I didn't
have it in there there we go
now now it's in now it's in two point
seven K on the front camera front camera
guys what is that quality like is it
over sharpened is it is looking good
this is the s I can't believe I'm gonna
say and then obviously there's your back
camera and that's obviously that's just
a nice camera isn't it like that it's
just a Nike coupe you could hold it out
I'm just looking at this from a vlogging
perspective obviously so that is you
your back camera guys I'm gonna go ahead
and end today's vlog here hopefully we
can do the LED stuff tomorrow I have
plans to get that done but hopefully all
arrives tomorrow and we'll be all good
and we're also going to cut my car
tomorrow as well that's something a lot
of things I really want to do so I'm
open that'll all be ready and I'm
everything leds going to be ready to
pick up there's two pixel I'm going to
put that next to wicked guys - but I
like you guys been awesome I hope you've
enjoyed today's vlog we have an unboxing
one today these bugs are cool tissue I
love them guys I'll see you in
tomorrow's video
go go go go gussy
