good afternoon guys how are you all
doing my name is of course Alex and it's
Monday today it's Monday Bank Holiday
Monday there's not really much to do and
I don't even know what's open I'm Bank
Holiday Monday there's not many places
there that are open so I thought it's
been a while since been a while since
I've been and properly been a while
since we wiped out the jet wash at your
age I go what are you doing in my room
and you know from last video we're gonna
open that massive box yeah we need to
wanna do one of these you know that's
called a clapper board a you remembered
I think he's got a clapper board in
there Jake it was like giggle a nice
caught a chalkboard now that now is not
rug board you can write on them he meant
to write on them but they're called a
clapper board because when it claps down
is like you clap now clap your hands
that's what noise that makes when you
smash that down and the whole point of
it Jakob is that when you're editing
your videos when they clap it down and
it makes the plats and it makes a little
mark where the audio is so you can see
where it clap down the mines pretty
useless isn't it being on the wall I
thought it would look cool do you think
it looks cool on the wall
considering that I love video like video
yeah it's gonna be useless but video is
my life and I do
I do love cameras and stuff so explicit
right I'm clean the car yeah car is all
clean have done that this morning Jake
has been banging on and to be honest
I've been putting it off so this box
arrived here and honestly it didn't come
to my house it got delivered to my
neighbor's house so whoever sent it got
the address wrong so you can see why
that is a little bit concerning this is
this didn't arrive at our house a cab it
arrived at the neighbor's house and the
neighbor brought it round so whoever
sent it doesn't actually have my real
address I always say if you guys that
want to send me stuff that I pay for a
peer box so similar to the peer box but
this massive box came it was Next Day
Delivery it says on this and its massive
but it's also ganja it could be
it's really light it's like super super
light yes not every one stat two three
oh yeah it's really like golden bro your
strong left hand man I think we need a
knife mate it's not gonna you know it
weirded out gay people as to what might
be inside it so I have no idea
you ready bro yes three two one wait a
minute I don't know I don't know what
that is what what what what what don't
put one for bit um they're not real out
of it I'll leave it
ahh these ones are rubbish haha Oh bro
what is this a computer set you think is
the computer cell it's a keyboard
good lad is a keyboard one from but
there's no note or anything oh there
isn't nope this for a giveaway I mean
like I don't need it I don't need it
shall we do a giveaway J because that's
what I'm thinking my GoPro giveaway
definitely come to an end I need to take
a winner for that let me know if I were
to give this away by leaving a like
rating
don't know what it is a wool cake no
I'll take it we'll take me I don't know
I could do with this box though just put
it in garage I already use that box for
your quick start letter if you bring
some glue
you know because drones give zoom to the
dari√©n side okay so the drone inside
this box a phantom three I gave it away
last month I still haven't sent it off
to the winner because well the simple
reason I didn't have a box big enough
but now I've got a box big enough
hopefully you get your drone sometime
this week I'll send it off so had Toby
around last night and as I said it's
been a while since if I take the round
because he got this new job or he's like
selling houses and stuff how mad is that
look might over that stage like in my
life at the moment all my friends were
darting off doing different things like
my girlfriend's at uni going off and
doing her thing like a Manchester
hundreds of miles away and then I want
Toby news males are like close friend
who's he's going selling houses and then
I don't know what Jed doing Burmese and
obviously my all time long friend Barney
he's traveling the world he's in
Australia he's doing different countries
in he has been for the last year and a
half and he's loving every second of it
so there was prayin to see Toby
last night well it's just a mess isn't
it like if I turn that under you guys
can actually see the cups and this
monitor this is what Toby plays on right
I know it's bank holiday but got a quick
meeting quick meet a just a quick one
across the world
yeah well the meeting in one with women
in London and I can actually meet these
people then we'll be okay well I think
I'm okay thank you very much sir
probably a hundred percent sure I'm
going to doing with this keyboard I
think I'm just going to do it as a
giveaway for you guys it is the yeah I'm
not so sure why you came in that massive
box and who sent it but whoever did and
if you're watching thank you but please
don't try and get my address because
that really scares me when people do
that but sweet I've been vlogging with
the a7 s mark 2 which is this camera
this is my old the little rig I have
been using for like the last and those
three months the a 6500 with this little
floppy mic and a gorilla pod now I'm
back on the road videomic pro with the
sony a7s mark 2 and the 16 to 35 mils
for a blender suiting in 4k so I didn't
get a chance to ask you guys is the
quality good because it is not then
we've got a problem because it should be
it should be sharp
yeah oh my god make your faces like it's
not even the width of my nose it looks
like your face but it's not because it's
a mirror
so holy to the office yet is here we've
just filmed some stuff at for test flow
right you can be the live audience here
right I brought these here I've been
sorting stuff on this desk right how
strange does that sound of it stall some
stuff on this wooden desk
yeah the some of the way so that way
doesn't it right let me go let me go
down to how are you fighting but as cool
eyes don't listen looks like in here
with that oh my God look at it the both
of these book is the lit up and then
down the side it's all the top so as you
walk into the room like that the desk oh
it looks sick it looks that lies wicked
that works as well as I wanted it to I'm
thinking in my head and I'm sure you
guys were - I will - I think it's gonna
bit up with tacky pretty nicely actually
pretty good well get something to the
ballad a little ally yes without
question looks like it's growing like
mad my camera flies and focus on it
there we go
is refried as well oh my God look at my
desk looking things and working now yes
