compa wake up it's like 7:30 a.m. make
one quick shower is a Sunday we need to
start the deck guys good morning welcome
to my Saturday how our wheel doing it's
super super early I'm talking 9:30 a.m.
for a Sunday yeah Alex Alex miles bar
he's out of bed and he's at the office
on a Sunday at 9:30 this is mental but
seriously guys the reason that they
often is because I'm taking delivery
right now for something absolutely
awesome it's totally on me but guys I'm
sorry like it underneath it's you hey
it's new 2017 open our means or what
what technology has entitle it infinite
contrast billion rich colors active APR
we'd all be visions all the apples a
mind flip
now the Dolby Atmos is really important
because because because I'm going to be
getting the Dolby Atmos surround sound
system in the new room right I'm telling
you guys a lot of info today's vlog
which is going to be a big video today
that's going to shape a lot of what is
going to be happening in the room and
what I'm really excited for let's get
this bad boy upstairs know about you
guys but I don't think my name isn't mr.
song flood um if you guys saw but there
was two men that delivered this TV and
I'm going to try and get it one thing I
learned is if you're not something
tell yourself you are and then you'll
probably do it
haha that was one of the first things I
ever learned with confidence I was never
a confident child and I'm still not a
confident person now I was never
confident in school I've never liked
strikingly one of the really popular
kids like I had a lot of friends but I
wasn't like popular and it was because I
lacked confidence
I feel really silly being now 19 years
old and talking about being popular in
school but being popular in school you
know when you're that age is a big thing
and in year ten eleven I did become
quite popular integral because of the
friends that I had and I was a bit of a
class clown but the reason I went from
not really having many friends and and
it was all to do it was all to do with
confidence and I told myself Alex you
could have confidence if you believe in
yourself and you believe that you can
have confidence and it worked nine times
out of ten all that's stopping you is
you you need to tell yourself that
you're more than capable to do things
and you'll get the job done look how
thin that is what what oh oh my God look
how Oh Oh what the hell um feel free to
let me know if I'm over exaggerating or
not but look at that
okay web Oso heard of this ago it has a
dedicated Netflix and chill button and
Amazon and chill button on the look at
right look it's like a Wii Remote where
am i I'm in England there you are your
TV has been located this is so cool
this is wicked so home okay
connected to the Wi-Fi so it's like it's
like a Wii Remote so you literally move
it side to side let's click on YouTube
here and then I wants to update
everything let's do the update sir so
there is the 4k test footage from
YouTube playing on it right now as you
can see I have my new slot its immense
it's just in the same like the viewing
angles on it we're literally like that
and you can still see everything so that
thing that is fairly insane Alex what
are you doing with it well you probably
guessed it but that TV that I've just
unboxed and taken delivery for is going
to be going right there and we've got a
cool TV to match a cool ass rub on an
LED strip under there an LED strip under
there I've added another power supply to
the bottom of the desk now these past
plans about USB ports built into them
and it needs some USB extension cable
and then the rim of my desk will light
up with LEDs I think that that is all
the jobs I want to do on my Sunday right
I've got a little bit of ot√°rio I'm
going to see if I can get this room
clean this week like properly cleaned
dusted marked every little inch of it
all clean so we can move back in but was
in a good handful of word this morning
and that's what I like before 12 p.m.
brilliant
and now this is the point where I find
out if this is gonna get me home on up
so I just enable the board in high speed
mode and is no fun oh my god whoa mm -
but this is insane I love it
I'm doing this every day now
you got me some chocolate who's this
from Giuliano I've had a good time at
the football what was the score
so as Middlesbrough versus - Disney
Jacob went to the game I didn't today
except I have so much stuff to do you
enjoyed it yeah yeah local touch boom
thanks for the chocolate bro right guys
it's Sunday I've got a quick Nando's
date there's no date because it's with
an old friend called Stefan he's made
some music for me for my YouTube
channels before he's a really cool guy I
need to I need to go there now and just
you outside you outside yeah okay mind
you come through the side gate and then
I'll
