I can't find the remote of this thing
anywhere I don't have a clue where it
after you guys alright
yeah Labatt thank you so I've got a
friend that's currently down the pub and
he wants to borrow the drone for a bit I
don't own a car at the moment and I
can't find the remote my electric
skateboard some on the swegway I think
these things are still a leak
so good afternoon guys welcome back to
another episode of my daily vlog train
thing one of those well starts I want to
make a little bit of a sort of sort of
an announcement type thing so this
edited yesterday's vlog and I've had a
really fun time doing in fact it's time
now to upload it is just rendered and
I'm 11 minutes late guys I'm sorry let
me just quickly upload it now right cool
all uploading what'd I tell you guys a
lot of it chat to you guys about is that
I'm going to try to make a conscious
effort right now right me as a person
right I can have my work head on right
and I can be serious I can be together
and I can be presentable right exactly
how I would act let's per say if I was
going to take some photos for a client
like I was doing Wednesday morning or I
was going to see somebody new that
wanted to work doing I can be very
professional but contrary to popular
belief I am also a knucklehead
you know I'm stupid and I'm not as
boring as people think I'll make a lot
of mistakes and I'm a bit of a goofball
to be honest with you and it has to be
said and I would be 100% honest about
this I am very very and I have tried to
be very professional in my youtube
videos right I kind of like that oh but
I am going to make a conscious effort
try and be more all-round instead of
instead of just showing the serious me I
just want to show me right and
everything that's required some time
it's been a little bit like because I've
always just tried to just show people
like the professional side of me and
this has been a journey when I started
this thing it was a journey as to me
trying to start my company up and that
was what I always used to talk about
when I started this thing up so
therefore whenever I've picked up the
camera I've automatically been in work
mode try and be professional and try and
be presentable but I said to myself when
I get my old camera back my a7s mark -
which by the way I'm recording on right
now so the quality and audio quality
should be absolutely crisp AF I want to
bridge that gap between the professional
me every time I pick up the camera and
like the actual me at the end of the day
this is a vlog so with that being said
this camera is a little bit slower on
its focus than the old one that I was
using so I'm going to get comments on my
is a bit slower which is a bit annoying
but the quality should be better
just me you guys now we got the road
video might throw a 7s mark - with the
16 to 35 millimeter f/4 lens on it and
then the Joby Gorillapod SLR zoom that's
the set this is me my toe is still
slightly broken let's do this thing so
in the end of yesterday oh my god so at
the end of yesterday's video you guys
saw Jordan and I driving this car so
this is well as you can see here if we
just put the keys in as you can see it's
a it's a mechanic there you go now this
is actually a Rustler between the radio
this is actually a relative of Mines car
and they have ensured me on it so I can
drive it whilst I don't have my car I'm
picking my car up on Tuesday so I
thought it was a pretty cool opportunity
to have a look at this car and take it
for a drive and of all I'll be fairly
interesting so I'll do that a bit later
but first off and besides I'm watching
the football all afternoon but I want to
go I want to go try and be a little bit
productive so let's try and do this so
connect to my phone oh I've got my phone
connected we're doing the music and then
this is what the the - looks like this
car is massive it feels huge to drive
well obviously I'm used to driving a
mini this thing compared to that this
feels like an absolute tank
so guys my foot is well it's almost
better the best way I can explain it to
you is that I didn't use to be able to
walk properly without limping now I can
walk properly without limping it hurts a
slight bit so those are established that
I've got the a7s flat we're in our
blogging on the a7s again which is
wicked you guys are now in the loop as
to why I'm driving a big 4x4 thing it's
not my car
it just insured it a relative is lending
it to me so I can drive it drive it
whilst I don't have a car because
obviously we like to do some things on
on this vlog and come to the office and
then do cool stuff
a little bit the same as I was just
homebound without a car so thank you
thank you very much you know who you are
we'll take a look at the car a little
bit later because it's a really cool
machine and I really enjoy driving it
I'm not a big car type of person but
it's nothing cool taking it I think you
guys all like right now serious level
now we need to chat about this because
well cutie my social media platform
right what the hell is it I'm not going
to send you guys to the side right now
I'm going to send you guys to is the
youtube comment section right and I want
us get few simple questions to you guys
I'm not because they want to get real
this time last year Kiki was learning
development and then in a few months
time this time last year
I'll told you guys about it ever since
then that I'm aware ok number one qt it
doesn't work on mobile I'm also aware
that 68% of the people that watch my
videos watch them on a mobile device so
what's the point in me having a website
but it doesn't work on does it even work
on mobile it's literally like an artist
releasing a song but only giving it out
on CD born Alaska what do you guys use a
comment section of this video and just
tell me what you think we could do to
improve it right is the site easy to use
is it lucky have you come across any
problems do you like it don't you like
it
do you think it helps potential let me
know in the comment section down below
about the team to try and sort it out
and make it a bit more mobile-friendly I
asked them that today and I want to get
this thing
I want to make it really good with you
guys with your guy's help
okay let me see what's in there oh yeah
oh oh yeah oh yeah
okay I'll give you guys a sneak preview
of the box they have an ee logo on it
will open that end of the day because
that is that cool now as much as I bow
to spawn tenuity which is a word that
means by chance by not planning right I
love spontaneity is brilliant but what
spawns in you if he does it doesn't
guarantee anything right you want to
guarantee something and you want to
guarantee and get results you have to
plan if you want it if you want to get
results and you want something to happen
and you want something to happen a
certain way for example these aren't
really mine to show but you see these
boards there another company's board
that work in this office and that that
is their plan I need to get one of them
board salads what are you trying to plan
for and I'm planning but in the next two
weeks to be back in this office and to
have that place of their painted and
finished and ready for us to go to Ikea
and get a sofa for it and as far as the
paint in this room is concerned thank
you so much guys for all of your help
we're going to be using the white paint
around the whole of the room right which
is white miss I'm going to get the
painter to paint everything and then if
we as a collective meeting me and you
guys want to put this wall as a feature
wall if we want to change it we will go
ahead and just paint it ourselves
I can't reach it I'm not big enough I'm
one down once again but that looks so
much better up there now Oh without
Moe's the whole room feels so much
bigger there you go look - there's your
extension cable 5 meters yep I'm going
to buy two of them yeah there you go
look LED splitters at the basket
there we go guys I've got a few things
for the office extension cables and all
this LED stuff I'm going to see if we
can I'm going to be the guinea pig here
and I'll see if we can split off a load
of LED strips with one transformer and
make a really cool lighting design thing
sweet all done we're getting there guys
again thank you for your patience and
all of your help I love it that this is
all laughing we're doing it together and
I'm doing what you guys are telling me
in the comments and I'm giving you guys
about what I think I've got off Africa I
can feel it
this is going to be so worth the wait
so there we go guys there's the outside
of the car that I'm currently driving it
looks really sleek and I absolutely love
it I think it's bendy badged so you
can't tell what car it is I think this
is what we call them a can and they also
do it in a turbo model this isn't that
model and one of my favorite things
about it when you get in the car is that
this little thing here I absolutely love
it let me get a bit of zoom on that for
you guys so when you put the key in it
does a really cool animation ahh there
you go look at that and then it also
comes up there turn the radio off and
then another thing I find absolutely
amazing is if you use this little twisty
dial thing on the there you can actually
change what comes on that screen there
so you can literally have your tire
pressure oil what you're listening to
your phone but today's thing called for
the vlogs with we've messed about with a
new car been in the office we've
discussed a few things and I'm hoping my
little contraption that I bought today
is going to work 1250 pounds and all
that stuff for the LEDs if it doesn't
work I'm gonna like a bit of an idiot
but either way if it doesn't work we've
learned something we've tested something
out anyway guys my name is Alex you guys
have seen also this marks the first day
back recording with the sony a7s market
week for the vlogs I'm super psyched
super pump a lot wait a minute a lot of
you guys are asking how are you doing
with the Easter eggs haven't pushed any
of them apart from a finish this box of
cream eggs yeah guys I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog
