hotel room it's been a pleasure it's
been amazing this house Portugal Sony
everything about it has been amazing but
everything good comes to an end it's
time it's time to head home oh and also
these headphones aren't even out yet I'm
not really sure i promotion one show you
guys are in the videos but take a good
look hopefully all you guys are right
now to our busch journey for me to the
airport
thank you very much there cheers man
arrived at the airport the people always
give up on me then we make it I think I
think things maybe arrived brilliant the
airport so pleasant I'm just chill video
blended I'm not in which the ones back
on again one and a half hour two hour
flight
it must be fastened play the seatbelt
signs are odd we recommend that you
keeping patterns at all times because of
life fails masks will drop from above
almost an hour into the flight and then
asleep sat down but they were an hour
into the flight probably half an hour
lakhs I'm going to go edit info
I'm home yeah three guys just had a
quick coffee with one of the chief
editors from from TechRadar which was
absolutely wicked now I kind of and I
could do with some food I need to be
naughty really
caused by losing makes your neck
you
and now we wait
I'm freezing I can hear the music of a
Jordan he's come to pick me up be safe
today yes
okay there's lots of things here and I
might then rise for drastic I'm opening
it right now I know exactly what this is
and I am so so excited get some ice on I
know exactly what this is and I'm so
happy that it's been returned so so
happy it's been returned it's finally
back it's finally back are you 7s2
have they fixed it though is the
question have they fixed it did they fix
it do you think they should have fixed
it for me what was wrong they fixed it
for me oh you you sold fit so that you
rap on us at the coming using that know
is that there are off in K so we're
going to get Marty at me giving me a
brand new charger well let's put this in
here and see if it turns on and as long
as I've got audio I'm a happy bully
because then I can start blogging with
the a7s again
testing testing it works can start
vlogging with this again rather of the
proper lens for it but I'm going to
switch to the a7 s in three two one
there we go back on the a7 s mark - I'm
recording not in 4k because it's lens
let me recording 4k it's the lens from
the a 6500 my big lens for this camera
that I used to vlog with is at home so I
will switch back to that when I get home
but for now vlogs will be resumed in the
a7 s mark - and I'm going to switch from
1080 to 4k so the quality tomorrow is
going to be mad so for comparison sake
this is the little a 6500 I have been
using it looks tiny but it's very
capable so that was gold in that box
we've now got oh wow so this little card
came with the camera when it came back
as my model numbers
a pair number and a load of little tick
things on it which say CCD alignment
focus performance depth of field
aperture operation auto exposure media
confirmation user control function check
all picked off very happy with the
service from Sony and okay so United
start at one point said in one of his
videos you sent a lens back to Canon and
you have no end of issues trying to get
a lens repaired sony sony they've done a
brilliant job repair my camera it's been
quick it's been clean it's been free
guys sony thank you Raji I have a
feeling my friend yeah but I want over
this I think it is something serious
listen here I think this is really
serious
give it a feel give it a jiggle it
frigidly I think it's I think judging by
the size of the box anyway try I believe
that it's something very special G you
open it have a look in and confirm what
is it all my god it isn't a special it's
wrapped up really nice and what brand
it's from okay all right cool okay oh
gee I don't think you ready for it right
second time let's do it three two one go
whoa I knew Google sent me an email
telling me they were sending me
something and I assume by the box size
it was going to be from Google holy holy
holy
Hingham look at that here you'll find
your very own Google home Google home is
designed to help families be more
present at home Google did say they were
sending me a care package full of a load
of stuff one of the things in here I
don't think is even out in the UK and
you can't buy it yet let's not again
okay so what two things right shoot it
on first one of the big ones in a big
commercial too right you ready for this
then yeah I don't do nicely
there we go G is my Google home hi 20
hours Google thank you very much yeah
you can change the bottom on them you
can have different things Google thank
you that's amazing
there's something in there but I reckon
I should wave that for tomorrow
so that was Lucius - tries to button the
office and having all this stuff here
there's something in this box I've got
the hands over the logo like something
very I've come back from so much a lot
of structure is that cluster so Google
Thank You Sony thank you and elixir I'm
box heading the labor thanks for the
stuff there we go Google Mike Golic in
right indeed you want to see what we've
got our be sensible of Lipton would you
wanna see what Karim writing yeah what
key that you what sonic is it well G one
car in G in and look at re the Perot
later re G thank you for the list but
from the train station I really
appreciate you that's amazing thank you
for being my chauffeur now I have a car
though so I can drive that but I'll see
you tomorrow
now we go guys a 7 s is all set back up
now working perfectly shooting in 4k
with the proper lens that I used to use
got so much free stuff in the last few
days but these 70 headphones which I
have used all day to test them out and i
100% rate them comparing those to the
bose qc25 which are a hundred pounds
more than these bad boys on a google
home to set up I've already got a Google
home in the kitchen but it's the
American version I'm going to set this
bad boy up in my bedroom I've already
got Alexa how are you doing and then
this massive box that's arrived I'm not
sure what's in that I don't really want
to know to be honest the reason I don't
know is because it doesn't have my
address on it one of my neighbors
brought it round so bit skeptical to you
to get started download the Google home
house on a phone or tablet right guys
I'm going to go ahead and get some sleep
this camera is absolutely massive
compared to the last one I've been using
holy mother of god this thing's huge
look at that thing it's mad moneyz but I
like you guys have been awesome guys
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog you
ready for it ready I do
I'm trying
