so I have planned this morning to take
the slick revolution board to the office
as I don't have a car at the moment but
I've actually got some important client
work I need to do this morning and then
I'm flying off to Portugal so I don't
think using the board is going to be an
effective safe way of travel in case it
breaks down or I don't get there as I've
never done that trip before on the board
so today I'm off to Portugal because so
many of invited down there I believe
it's something to do with their new
phone that's just coming out which is
going to be possibly the best phone with
the best camera on it in the world so
that should be fun down in Portugal
tomorrow flying there today however this
morning I've actually had some like
last-minute clients want some photos and
portraits doing and stupidly enough I
accepted the job and then realize that I
don't have a car so I've had to get a
taxi to the office we're here now that's
the main thing
there we go so once before I'm going to
get everybody to stand here and then
take their portrait photo and that's
pretty much all I'm doing and then I've
got going to take some photos of them in
the boardroom
and after some photos of these guys sat
at their desks and then we do there we
go a full day's work
well bull days both those who work done
and completed a wrapped up before 12
p.m. brilliant
one thing I ready to try and get better
at is is I've told you guys about this
before now I'm trying to improve it but
it's hard because believe it or not most
mornings I'm up until 3 a.m. editing
this piece this vlog every day so it's
hard to get up early in the morning
because you know I need X amount of
sleep per day I have no idea what this
is this wasn't here when I came this
morning and I finished the first issue
and now CPS what it's like back to the
good old days just unboxing stuff in
your I love that was so fun we're going
to do this more I'm meant to be
receiving a big thing from LG today and
it said it's arriving today but I don't
think I'm leaving in like 20 minutes so
I don't I don't think we're going to be
able to work on it which is a shame
because I've planned to do it in today's
vlog but it'll be something to look
forward to but yeah well thing up and
wanting to improve on is like getting up
early in the morning and being
productive and getting all my work done
before 12 o'clock and giving myself more
time while trans days I want to improve
my time management powers Krishna
receives a full range of accessories for
the Samsung S ans a person I wanted to
share some of these products with you
first
I don't own that phone I might do in the
future you may know elixir from our
innovative premium gadgets and tech
accessories features on unbox therapy we
also provide high quality smartphone
cases for a full range of device as well
we'll be the judge of that I don't own
an essay yet so what's the point in
having them out when they even own the
phone right my chauffeur is here meaning
my only friend that I really have in the
entire world
hey MA
thanks for offering to give me at the
train station I appreciate that greatly
an antenna okay thank you guys really
appreciate it doesn't go unnoticed my
friend I'll see you Friday
as you guys can see you guys can see
I've come to London quite a lot believe
it or not this train takes an hour and a
half sadly I also have a really terrible
feeling that I've forgotten something
going to Portugal for two days just with
this backpack I've just definitely
forgot something but I think I think I
may have just pulled this off this is
like a bit of a really strange mission
I've been sent an email of a shop that's
in the same Pancras train station just
across the road I've got to meet
everybody else is going on this Soni
trip a shop called fat face so we're on
a mission that's a crappy
waiting to board now so everybody's over
there waiting for word I've just nipped
out to get to the toilet and chat to you
guys for a second so we're just waiting
to board the plane it's about an
hour-and-a-half flight there's no time
difference to the UK on with all the
guys were so neat as guys from well I'm
with some awesome people people doing
vlogs from like trusted reviews and
stuff here it's really really fun and
it's awesome to chat their knowledge on
all of this technology is just amazing
right here's some insight for you
apparently certainly a book there's a
really sweet hotel the event doesn't
start till 12 p.m. tomorrow so we can
get up tomorrow morning and have some
fun let's go for display
at this point I'm just really looking
forward to hopefully some warmer weather
I've bagged myself the wind AC notice it
was with the same doesn't leave the
bottle
I'll tell you when you've got up here
like that it makes you realize how small
all your little problems are
a pretty good
should be true to our Bush journey Oh
random with is almost midnight and I
think we've just arrived at the hotel
I'm not yet okay after about 70,000
hours I think I've arrived in the right
place wait a minute the limited on the
outside you can see outside of it right
the outside whoa this is one fancy hotel
I didn't realize they'd put on a show
because there's a marina down there I
wonder if I've got one of those rooms
let me find oh my holy jesus I got it so
many bad oh my god this is amazing
Oh God look in his room I've never
stayed in a room big mirror
apology to my excitement but I've never
stayed in a room as cool as this before
this is cool this is a swanky pad I've
got a big bar that is swanky AF I wonder
what's in the Sony bag so before I do
anything else I bought this little
travel route from Curry's earlier
because I thought well I'm going
traveling and it had like a fiver off it
was only 20 quid so I thought oh there
it is I thought I'd pick it up and see
what it actually oh it comes with a baby
ethernet cable that is so cute plug that
into their micro USB for power
there we go I'm configuring this little
thing it's flashing away pretty soon I
should get my own Wi-Fi from this little
thing and it should be all secure on my
own personal network I've got a program
guide and nothing starts until tomorrow
at 12 o'clock so we have the morning to
chill out my setup setup I've got some
editing and some work to do Wi-Fi is all
working with that little xx that little
20-pound tp-link travel adapter thing
that's quite cool this room is
absolutely sweet as it's incredible man
Thayne they have this big light thing
which is really overexposed him and you
can twist this little dial and and make
it really wall up surprise this is one
absolutely mad ass room Sony thank you
ah the bed is so comfy as well alright
guys I'm going to go ahead and end
today's vlog here how all of you guys
are okay if you're not feel free to drop
me a tweet might as well Alex you guys
have been awesome I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog I've got about 100
photos only to edit as well for this
morning
ah yes
I'm crime
