Hey this morning has been absolutely
manic I was up at 8:15 did a few time
lapses then went all the way to
Mansfield in rush hour traffic to get to
the hospital for 10:30 now the hell oh
look at my foot and they said it's not
really any better or any worse they took
the strap off it put a new strap on it
and now I'm back me it just made it back
home and G's arrived Oh
so hey guys I really love every single
date is in the title daily vlog right
this is far too much so I bought this
lattice
sorted let's go ha
so today unfortunately is a very sad day
because I'm saying bye bye Jordan and I
taking two cars to Nando's today because
we're only going to be coming back in
one of them I'll see you in a week or so
darling okay
I shouldn't be sad she's getting mended
she's going to be all brand new in a
week's time
I like if I maybe - hello yes yeah well
not this is the point where I get really
sad I'm giving you my key bye-bye car
it's a sad day all girls but you'll get
fixed eventually I will return to you
soon but for now we're helping in the
quarter you got a nice head unit no G -
unit that I'm feeling really cheeky now
yeah is it just me
that is absolutely petrified of lifts I
just don't like them now it says okay
leaves an old friend of mine I didn't
realize you'd be an angel and she's here
Kaleigh say hey
or people I knew I like to use my
honesty like shaking was there five
bucket pre make a little look like for
you yeah I've been working here the NGO
coffee house all day actually so chill
come work here and one of the staff
members at work I was there no other
staff members like on a friendly basis
they come up to me like that last week a
kid came in with his grandma and
granddad and gave me a bag and asked if
I was that obviously I wasn't so picked
up this topic of this bag today and how
does notice right then Harrison Neeb has
been all the way from Norfolk just to
give me a bag full of cream eggs so
Harrison I've got your message thank you
for the cream egg and thank you for
traveling order it from Norfolk I'm
sorry it didn't meet me I'm usually in
angel coffee house every Tuesday between
like 103 sometime in that region so if
you're in the area come and see me right
this mullet Oh
I need to sort this out because I'm
going away tomorrow a lot of we didn't
know this and I didn't really know this
I thought I was going away Thursday
that's what I talked about that though
Jed gave me a lift back home and he was
talking to kid kid watches KC nice that
a lot of the world watches a lot of
cases vlogs like kind of religiously and
I would watch his vlogs but I don't
really have time I mean I used to watch
his vlog he has a massive inspiration to
me to me starting this thing opened all
of the people on YouTube that did daily
content in general were massive
inspiration behind why I do this Casey
being one of those and he was talking
Gabe was telling me it was talking in
his video in one of his recent blogs
about 12 year 12 year old trying to
start YouTube and all of his friends and
all of his friends bullying and I can
hundred percent vouch for that not for
the bullying not that bit at all but the
actual kid getting you know that bad
does happen because it happened to me
I mean heck it still happens to me now
in the comment section are my blogs for
some reason I get bullied to absolutely
high hell on my voice on my in my
comment section in my vlogs like 19 I'm
setting the comments on my videos like
awesome like you guys at wicked but like
for some reason my comment section
recently has turned into a bit of a meme
I feel a lot of comments like oh I only
come to these videos to look at the
comments and stuff like that is my
comment section is just like a mean like
doesn't bother me really I reply to the
people that like put meaningful stuff
and any other stuff I just saw they just
leave it because why will people waste a
number one thing is I used to get
bullied for doing videos at school right
all I could say is just carry on doing
him and carry on doing it wide it was I
didn't tell many people but then then
when my vlogs got out there not my
velocity gaming videos back in school I
think that was why I used to play
Minecraft and people used to take the
mickey out of me playing Minecraft and
then recording it and putting on YouTube
it's like those three things together
just playing it alone I got bullied for
I don't make your okay hey doing and I
think it was also think it was also
because I didn't tell anybody what I was
doing videos and then they sort of got
leaked and found if you're going to do
something let everybody know that you're
doing it like don't try and shy away
from it and then when people come and
take the mickey other if you're doing
something that may be a little bit
different hit them with the so what I'm
enjoying it why would you take the mick
out of somebody enjoying something if
I'm enjoying doing something at someone
you know taking the mcafee for doing it
and then I hit them back with the Y
taking the mick I'm doing something I
like what are they going to say back to
that other than fair enough fair enough
and if they're not going to say fair
enough then they're probably idiot
because never stop someone from doing
something if they enjoy it just let them
do it don't let it affect your time and
certainly don't waste your time trying
to put other people down because you
should be working on yourself that's all
I'd say Jed told me that Casey gave a
pretty good explanation of how to deal
with it and it was like a pretty good
video I'll try to link it in the
description or something I'll try and
remember to is it yeah it nice yeah you
like it
luxury good yeah it's looking it looking
through a little cabinet there no no
it's not gonna open it it will get
really dusty they wrote it that is a
good point actually I don't think of
that the reason I didn't put a roof on
it was one forecast to the ventilation
and three because you can cable manage
you can get it like ideal oh so you've
gotta do this stuff now we finish this
today we finished the ring main today
with this cable yep house is enough on
we've done what was called a ring maze
that correct a lot of people have been
saying in the comment and I've seen this
a lot and I need to address it people
say Alex why are you getting a college
student ie Jordan to do your electrics
isn't that really dangerous and illegal
yes unless less once it's finished you
get it checked off by a proper
electrician which is exactly what we're
going to do so what we've done here is
we've completed the room main so it goes
back up to the DB up there these this
socket here and is the only socket I had
so it's got to be this this shiny one
even though it's not on show so it's up
there it's okay you can see it up there
the reason I haven't put any sockets
down here and on the shelves is because
what I'm going to do I'm going to put
this on there right pretty much what
this does is just let you push cables
through like that so what I'm going to
do is push this through there and then
that means it's going to be no cable
mess on this side of the box and then I
can have all the cable mess at the back
of this box and have no cable mess in
this rustic box and it'll look really
good and I'll get some small square
disease to put there so when we put the
Xbox and PlayStation on these shelves
the cables can just hang out back here
and connect up to this box here so now
we've done a good job do you make thank
you for a good day I really appreciate
it and show through me around it's not
going to make this thank you very much
my friend
this is why it's key to have good
friends
because I was have a car I've got to get
to a client photo shoot tomorrow morning
and then I need to get on a train to
London so I can catch a flight I'm
trying to do this thing without getting
a higher car you see that is why I'm
white is it so stressful don't ask me
why I don't want a high car I just
wanted to see if I could survive without
a car for a week the slick revolution'
board uncharged downstairs I'm going to
try and slick revolution to my clients
house tomorrow morning this just isn't
gonna work
fingers crossed and optimism's on my
side Jordan gave me the snow and
apparently it's from a mom of a 14 year
old kid that watches my videos the mum
works at the same place where Jordan
works and she's had a huge shout out if
at all possible to James Walker he's a
huge fan of you and watches your videos
every single day James you're a legend
thank you for all the support and thank
you to everybody that watched my videos
every day
I really appreciate doing this whole
journey thing with me I'm on a mission
to do life and have fun doing it and I'm
so glad I've got the pleasure of
bringing you guys with Management Alex
will have a full work and travel date
tomorrow got to be up nice and early all
prepared I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog oh yes
Oh
you
