afternoon guys how are you all doing my
name is of course Alex welcome yourself
back to another daily blog so finally
left Murray now well I think I have like
she was looking about University
yesterday and then she was like I'm
staying another night in a stable the
last night and then she was ready to get
a train at like 2 o'clock today and then
she didn't get her train she's still at
home working and I'm like look I need to
go abroad so I was around her is making
breakfast this morning with the dog and
her but I've come back home I've left
her there she's doing any work she's
going back in a few hours I might going
to leave before she goes I'm not sure
but I've got someone at the door
apparently I've got some important stuff
I need to get done today really
important stuff and I need your guy's
help
let's do
so a few months ago I gave away a
phantom drone and an Amazon Alexa I kept
sending them off to the winners via the
post office and they kept getting
returned to my house undelivered I think
the drone has now been delivered I've
just reset off the Alexa for the third
time I really hope the winner receive
right all the station oh look at this
kid again he's back in his favorite shop
absolutely no idea what I'm looking for
successful I'm going to say successful
it's hard to walk though so I have a
really bright idea to go ahead and buy
some cool white light bulbs for the LED
spotlight or wait in the office but I
think I think it looks better with them
with them this color because of the
nature of this office I think they need
to be warm light supports and warm ones
there we go two bulbs all work so I
bought three panes as you can probably
see right here you put the guys why he
bought why the hell he bought this this
brown one you're not praying the room
that color and no no I'm not you correct
I'll be stupid reasonable that brown one
is simply to pop anything a wallet or
anything don't worry it's just simply to
that white cable just there it's easier
to paint that let's put some lifetime oh
my foot the moment but ah oh I really
need to be careful of my foot I whereas
need to be careful of my foot
right this is where I really need your
guy's help to be on it because I pick
these two paints and I've had them in
mind for a while and I've been asking
you guys what do I do
go light or go dark so that one's dark
that one why it's one of those two that
I want to choose so for example here as
an essential fare and the central there
and this is what I'm thinking right now
right when I was designing my room at
home I put into my room what we call a
feature wall and a feature wall is
simply a wall that's different to all
the other walls it just stands out so in
a sense you could say that that brick
wall and this wooden bit here is my
feature wall in this room what we could
also do to keep the room nice and light
paint the whole room in the lighter
color to everything in the life to color
right that one and then just this wall
here where the TV is going to go in the
darker color so as you caught the stairs
and down there you look around the room
and all of this fits all going to be
white and then at the end you've got
your nice gray wall with the TV on it
does that sound like a good plan
yes or no but also do I paint the wood
in here or do I leave it rip stick I was
going to leave it rustic but then again
I'd love to get your guys opinions would
they believe me or not the painting of
this room will make or break it like my
toe it's broken
know what's what you guys know something
real quick and it's soon I came across
this morning and I used to talk about
like business a lot in these vlogs like
what what I do externally to YouTube but
in the past year I've been cutting
myself more as a youtuber and just doing
random things and then having fun doing
it but I thought you know if you guys
would enjoy it then I'll try and talk a
little bit more like I used to you know
when I started doing these vlogs about
the mission I was on that was trying to
try to build my business and doing
different things like that go into a bit
more detail to it so here's an example
I was pricing up for a wireless mesh
install for a client this morning I've
got a lot of land and they want wireless
mesh points all over this land so
wherever they walk with their phones
yada yada yada they've got Wi-Fi all the
equipment is probably going to cost
around 750 pounds British pound so about
eight hundred and fifty dollars nine
hundred dollars maybe few guys in
America and that is how much I'm
charging them you believe things of Alex
what you're not getting any money from
there I'm doing this for for a company
that doesn't have much money so I have
to take that into consideration so when
you're starting out doing anything
freelance as I've told you guys before
this is a prime example of it you don't
have to charge for work build a name for
yourself get a portfolio and use that as
advertisement and it works perfectly
right I need to I need some food okay
let me clear something up real quick I
didn't just have a bait world top for
lunch t have some chicken and corn on
the cob okay don't think I just had that
that will be very unhealthy right
montage
one of them is how but I need this
camera just to stay still on here Thanks
oh this is so wicked check this out
already three two one
oh wait that's those ones over there and
then oh wow that it's so much better
than these horrible I just change it the
whole thing mucky hands now though and
it's gonna wash him but this this is
looking mad three guys there we go shiny
desk new awesome spotlight look at them
things not these shoes to the first row
Jordans I ever bought and they're the
only shoes I can wear right now they so
like hurt my toe the least so that's why
I've got these like things we've got
this room here which is looking sweet
and then if you look down into the
office there you go that's a little cut
book here and let's try to figure out a
steady light drizzle do that under the
day not now is because I've actually got
a client I need to go and see their
Internet's gone down so I need to sort
out like right right now guys it is
currently is currently 127 a.m. right
now
I was at my client Richard's house for I
think about an hour and a half two hours
that was mental I've never been it has
that long you have a lot of problems is
broadband Richard does that old Richard
I'm always around doing it trying to fix
his stuck it was he's going wrong I
couldn't get to the bottom of what was
going wrong and I was getting so tight
right the time lapse it but I'm a camera
ran out of memory and anyway I'm back
now and I'm definitely just going to go
to sleep I have planned to install some
projectors in the car but we'll do that
in a different blog because I'm
shattered I'll catch you guys in
tomorrow's vlog and it's good hospital
in the morning so I'll I'll take you
guys with me yeah oh yeah
Oh God
