so Alex to understand a question I had a
boy palm and joy from Peter pawpaw
jumping for joy war this is so cool man
oh my god it is the same - whatever
he'll buy guys good afternoon how are
you all doing my name is of course I
like to hope you guys hope all of you
guys are having a great day I wouldn't
say a better day than me but I'm having
a pretty good day yeah so what I got the
worst news ever yesterday I didn't just
just locate my toe or didn't just
slightly bend it or fracture it I know I
feel I'm just broke it into two pieces
but I'm fine I'm all smiles and I'm not
going to get in the way I had planned
yesterday evening believe it or not I
planned not to do a video today I
thought to myself I'm going to rest it
up I probably need to and to be fair
that's right like I was saying to myself
you look I can do a video but I probably
probably shouldn't do a video but I'm
clearly clearly doing so guys some day
today I can't unfortunately put my
camera down on the table because it's
more than varnished or it's still really
wet so I was actually in the office this
morning obviously everybody else I was
here to let the Builder in this
morning Andy he has cleared out the room
to come back now at like 3:30 p.m. to
finish off he's finishing and they there
is a so to everybody I was going to do a
video in the end so now I'm doing a
video I'm not giving up me but the guys
trying to explain to me what's him on
today that will stand about that tall
probably and like that so don't want
shelfie and that's it about what some
shells here Oh was it yeah the last
Thursday once it yeah well after my
Monday Monday
yeah Bank Holiday Monday or last year
right to live easier than life yeah Tom
a texture file before picking up right
cheers guys - in a nutshell I wasn't
going to be doing a video today I've
started out today thinking I wasn't
going to do a video and then it got to
like one o'clock and I thought but this
morning off camera I've been to the
office I've done a blood ton of work
just same bed this morning on my
computer I came into the office let the
Builder here and he tied it up this
morning and then left it now back at
3:30 this afternoon right now to finish
off he's not coming back after this his
final day and it's done varnish my table
as well so I'll show you guys that later
we'll have a good chat and talk through
what we're going to do we've got a lot
to discuss later on when these guys are
finished and I can't wait
I'm really proud of myself for having a
productive day even though I've been
told that I should just be doing nothing
cool literally just knit round to be
Maria for a bit because she's heading
off the university back to back to
Manchester tomorrow so I've gone unseen
for a little bit and it's just flown by
we took the dog for a walk and I kind of
like limped along a little bit and then
I was like we need to go back because I
can't really I can't really walk very
far we're going to sat in the kitchen
and done work and now I'm back in the
car the builders rang me an hour and a
half later telling me that he wants me
to go but the others and let him let him
out he's finished I'm really confused
cuz he said he was going to be about
four or five hours and he's been about
an hour and a half so let's go see if
he's doing a good job
hahaha oh my god this is insane
this my friends is absolutely mad look
and when I dim the lights down so the
reason of course difference which is
when you generalize down again you can
be down here and these are playing games
of T here on the end that return them
back up cooking we can have a chat so
all this shelving has been done it's
been done in a really rustic way which I
absolutely love two pieces really cool
so pretty much that this big bit here so
is where I can put you know stand up a
computer or something and then these two
shelves here is the Xbox ps4 whatever I
want to put what I've wanted to put on
it I need to put two books buckets back
there but to say that there's no roof on
it
the ventilation so it's not going to get
too hot but then you know when you stood
up at eye level you can't see that
there's no roof on it you have to
literally get down and look under see
there's no roof on it and the other
reason is if there's no roof on it it's
a well number to save on cost number one
with the ventilation and number three is
that you can get into here and I can
easily then go ahead and cable manage
all the cables and stuff and drop them
down where they need to go this is
absolutely wick
tables looking low you can see the shine
of the light on the table just that that
shine it'll be too late now to let this
place burn down so you can see this
table now how shiny it is you can see
the light from the window and then this
light here how shiny that is that was
the whole point of varnishing it so it
looks so so glossy this is absolutely
sweet clicking through out hard work and
determination and even cost me a broken
toe but it's all been worth it so guys
I'm super happy with the progress in in
India thing anyways guys the office is
looking absolutely wicked we're closing
down the time that we're going to be
it's going to take until we do the main
channel series and that can't wait for
that the foot definitely needs to be
better for that I'm going to win today's
vlog here guys no matter what it's what
it's turned out to be I apologize and
try my best I hope that shows through in
the videos and by the way like I saw a
comment on yesterday's vlog and it was
like Alex Wyse the title it couldn't be
any worse when there's people that can't
even walk and I totally understand that
I totally get that I meant in the title
of yesterday's video it was just the
title was it couldn't be any worse I'm
talking about a you know a casualty to
your toe in general the reason I didn't
get it checked out is because I thought
I just dislocated it and you know
bruised it a little bit and what I meant
was it couldn't really be any worse
because I broken it like I wasn't saying
that no I've broken my toe and it's the
worst thing ever because it's not stupid
I'm just saying it's the worst damage
someone could ever do to that toe but
you can dislocate it you can fracture it
or you can we can break it and I've
broken it was the worst thing I could do
anyway guys - but I like - you guys it's
been awesome this is the most stupid toe
I'll catch you guys in tomorrow's vlog I
love your faces and yes
I'm fine
