hey Cerie good morning good morning guys
how are we all doing my name is of
course Alice guys and welcome back to
another daily vlog y'all know one thing
that I love but one thing is work I
absolutely love work hence why it's 9:00
a.m. on Saturday morning right now and
I'm off to my first client well it's not
necessarily a meeting it's more of a
practical thing someone wants me to
network their house so I'm gonna go do
that now
client install all finished see you guys
you guys know this this guy is most
commonly known in the videos for his for
his ginger hair
this is barn we're going to London today
for one reason and one reason only
there's quite a last-minute thing so
this is gonna be really fun guys bug is
packed only the essentials we are
staying in London this evening
last-minute train tickets last-minute
hotel booked we're going to London for
the ksi and wellif I because I managed
to get tickets and more on how I got
those tickets a little bit later because
we are as usual fashionably late for our
train
I made it
made it to London need to get in over to
the hotel this ho
is something
hello
my scope
we have made it to the hotel let me tell
you these words we do not mess about
when booking hotels let me explain
Barney you ready to see what I bought
the fact that this is the door to our
room and then these little leather
things are the keys now I have stayed
here before so some of you may remember
this but this room is special and the
guys remembered me and this one is
reserved for me well no one's in it I
can have it is the general rule of thumb
Lois get inside
it's just mental and it's just the view
look at the view look at the view there
of the that's mental every single one of
these little blinds open this is mad
just look at London Bridge big reveal
pipe on and then oh the balcony yeah we
can actually you can actually go outside
we can just sit here and look at London
Bridge the shard is right there look at
those things down make even have you
your dinner in a pot I want to go and do
that and then the inside of this place
is just as nice why are you sitting
delivery for that's not it's got milk in
it what is it this is our humper music
granola my shortbread biscuits thanks
sweet you guys so barn and I gonna go
and get some food right now because we
are starving haven't eaten all day
I haven't even breakfast soon as I was
at a client's house this morning
now her in London as I say we're gonna
get some food and after that we're gonna
come back here explain to you guys as to
why we're even in London and then give
you a proper apartment tour and yes this
is an apartment it has it has a kitchen
like a full you could cook a meal in
here ma'am
oh the view is just mental right food
time
yeah we decided not to go for food out
we bought food back here there's
literally a fish and chips shop right
outside the hotel so keeping it cheap
and cheerful guys Barney actually went
to fish and chips I actually got some
chicken and now guys we sit down and
enjoy this with this view
she's taking a photo with an iPad she's
taking a boat she's making the biggest
mistake of her entire life you don't
take a photo with the tablet you look
like an absolute chimpanzee as I
apologize for the audio and there is a
police helicopter a plan has been police
boats going down the River Thames
really fast I'm not sure what's going on
so guys we have consumed our food and as
promised I wanted to give you guys a
little tour of the hotel rooms and
follow me this is like the well the main
lobby and then you come in here and you
have the first of three bathrooms and as
you can see it's absolutely massive rain
shower normal bath it's just your
standard bathroom whole thing has a
mirror to make it obviously look bigger
and then back out into the hallway if we
literally just go over here this is my
room so you see big mirror my bed is
massive absolutely huge over here oh
yeah and this is the balcony of the
master bedroom - yeah you do get three
balconies in this place of that is the
first balcony right there and you look
straight out onto London Bridge and you
can see all the people of London down
there so that is the first balcony and
there's an ensuite in there but that's
just it on the suite and then you come
through here this is bathroom here we go
and he has a look out onto the balcony
as well I can get out just to a very
standard room flat-screen telly
but you can push together back out here
and then over here this is the piece de
resistance this is the main living area
with obviously kitchen because this is a
service department and not an actual
hotel so you get all this here and then
you get a balcony out there ugly number
two which has that amazing view of the
bridge it's just absolutely phenomenal
and then oh what you wanted another
balcony with another view yeah that's
just round here you come round here and
then just outside of that door you can
literally go out there
and have a beautiful view book there of
the shard in undo so three balconies
this is the space and just over here we
have something being streamed to my
laptop right now so this is the KSR I
and Joelle a boxing match stream and the
time now is 4 o'clock so what I'm going
to do is switch the phone cam like that
I'm gonna put this camera down and I'm
gonna go guys to this fight with Barney
now quick disclaimer I did not think I
was gonna be in the UK for this fight
hence why I didn't get tickets but I
actually sent a message to all of us
admins manager and I said look is there
any chance you can get me some tickets
and he's got me two tickets at the box
office
what an absolute legend Stewart you know
the police boat police boat guys there's
something going on there's police
helicopters and everything but we don't
have time for that for an iPhone cam
let's get this fight so guys it looks
like this big box is the copper box
Arena and this is where the fight is
being held now I need to make sure my
tickets are at the box office cuz I
don't have them and they've been
reserved to me so hopefully fingers
crossed
they're there so we're getting a private
little escort to the lift right now this
is sick
so guys I've made it into the event my
seats are absolutely
I'm super super stoked with them check
it out we've got jmx
in the ring at the moment
about to happen am I even sure if you
can hear me on the atmosphere is mental
