400 workday today 6:30 a.m. currently
despite of my not doing a bit of work
for is having a stand at a show by a
massive show at the Excel Centre in
London Maria my girlfriend she also does
work for this company so she was in the
hotel room with me last night she's
currently there I'm behind schedule
I need to get hold of an it quick jump
falling time it's now 11:00 a.m. I've
been to the event this morning whilst no
no members of the pull it was else
everybody was setting up a video done
setting up and then I've had some
breakfast and I've gone back had a
shower I've checked out the hotel now
I'm here
oh my god so this is where you entering
up here if you're going to go and run a
marathon the London Marathon that's mad
there's so many people doing it but this
right here is the event it's sort of
like it toned down insomnia interesting
that I can sort of relate it to I've
been filming all morning at one of the
stands and now it's time to go home and
probably go to A&E because my toe is
absolutely killing me I'm an agony so
I'm not actually 100% shorts actually
happened to my toe but something that's
happened to it in the last 12 hours that
severely made it more painful than it
was 48 hours ago I need to go to A&E
it's not it's not looking good currently
in London and I first off I need to try
and make it back home and I'm in
absolute agony we're not going to
complain we're going to do this thing
hey Brooke Alexander hi do mate now for
a train
right I'm back home I need to get to A&E
as soon as possible but first I've got
to come up with yesterday's vlog I can't
miss it five percent six percent 7
percent two minutes remaining sorted
right now I need to go to A&E I should
really be putting myself as a priority
in this but icon that I can barely walk
properly man I'm a tough cookie like
profiteth cookie it goes without saying
you have to be tough to do a daily vlog
it takes it's a lot it's a lot more work
than anyone thinks it is who doesn't do
it and I would took cookie like I put I
put going off to see the doctors up or
I'll just get better by itself that we
find I whatever take some painkillers I
wrap a cable tie around them tore but
it's the fact that I've had it over a
week and it's starting to get worse
that's the bit that's worrying me
so we'll do me no harm to go get it
checked out
brilliant so I will stay okay I'm not
even a major conservative mind because
it was on Tuesday would have been two
weeks ago but I was coming down the
stairs and there was some stuff on the
stairs as that's gonna damage to my
house
try step over to slipped and smashed my
fourth toe in on my left leg on the
banister and it was this shapes like it
was multi pointing the right way so I
quickly put it back into place and put
my handle and put it back and then you
strapped it up until some painkillers
and I thought nothing the doctors going
to do about it and it was you know it
was okay and it's got better and then
added last night I went to London
yesterday out of last night he's just
started to get worse and as I say it's
almost been two weeks now
I've got an appointment to pretty much
go to hospital on a broken toe you think
that was mental is broken his toe yeah
they're always to go into hospital ok
let me go back to the office and pick up
my stuff and then I'll carry on talking
about it she wouldn't let me take a
picture of the fracture you know even
loved the film in there I've done a few
bits on my phone but it would let me
take a picture the fracture but
literally my totus like made up of three
bones like at the end then one in the
middle and then one that connects your
toe to your like mate the main bit of
your thought that bone is just shared
enough it is just a clean cut so having
a fracture it's just broke like a woman
that I saw said she doesn't know how I
didn't come in the day I did it in
excruciating pain she said she just
didn't know how I didn't do that
mad I wasn't expecting that at all at
all oh this shot just isn't the same
anymore
so I didn't do the running up the stairs
and then and then opening this it's just
not the same so here's me running round
like Natalie's mad man since I broke my
toe action on the day I broke my toe I
travelled to Manchester I went to a John
Balian concert I've been to London
numerous times since then I haven't
stopped walking on it said in there
after it was x-rayed that they said that
they didn't know how I hadn't come in
the day I'd done it because they didn't
know how I wasn't in that much pain I
would have had to go in so I'm sort of I
saw the x-ray I said to them can I take
a photo of it obviously thought to show
you guys know like the comp you can't
take a photo of it which is stupid
really they said that I might be able to
take a photo of it on Tuesday when I go
to the hospital this is a multi-ethnic
photo of it there when I go on Tuesday
I'll let you I'll let you guys know and
trying to photo of it the best way I can
picture it is this excuse my incredibly
good drawing skills but that is a toe
right there's a bone at the end a bone
in the middle and then this is your book
for example right let's do some other
tales yes right and then as a bone
they're a bigger one that connects the
toe to your foot that right in the
middle of it is like just shattered onto
my foot clean break I mean it was like
driving up on here and I haven't really
helped myself I need to I need to help
myself a little bit here
this isn't good guys and then I was
doing myself I missed on violation of
all of my table and it's looking at oh
my god it looks even better on the
camera it looks amazing look at that so
wait let them set in and then the table
will be all varnished so that's my desk
it makes it look so shiny so shiny I
love it because I don't know really know
what to do with myself when I carry on I
suppose I am going to make myself a
little bit happy by doing this so I was
on your blog blog the other day okay
meeting you guys and signing people
stuff makes me happy but then again what
I was really gonna do was this over so
in a minute I think I've got a good
sunset on our hands I need the drone
guys literally I always do that know
what to say or what to do or what's come
of this today I've been in the hospital
for like bullet a and E for about three
and a half hours it's horrible the
things I've been walking around on that
for so long and it was just fully broken
so let me try and show you so it's this
toe here right and then you've got this
bit there this bit here and then this
big bow in there that connects your toe
to your actual foot itself it's this
bone that's cracked and across here this
is where it's cracked from down there
not crack sorry broken from down there
all the way they are gonna Lee up to
there that's just snap like this bone
here up down no cross there snap no
wonder it wasn't getting better because
like everybody was like Alex don't go to
the hospital you'll be fine you for
repair itself so I've just been walking
around it like every normal person and
it's taken a week and a half work to
finally start hurting and say Alex stop
for a sec mate because you can not I'm
not going to repair like this is how I'm
walking right now and not good I might
be by some livestream tomorrow evening
or something but just stay tuned on my
social media for what's going to be
going down over the next over the next
few days or whatever twitter is at mars
bar gaming my snapchat I've got two of
them one of them is Marley snaps and one
of them is Mars vgx all of this stuff is
in the description and make sure you're
going to follow me on Twitch bought well
I'm going to be large swimming in the
live streaming room soon so obviously is
going to be stuff coming on there but I
may try and stream from my room tomorrow
and I if Tony comes around and we'll
cheer plays and games and I'll give you
guys an update as to what's going now
guys thank you so much for all the
support
it means the absolute world to me I'll
see you guys soon
yes
