like so what's the date today it's
Friday April 21st good morning guys
I'm in a rush as per usual if I was
gonna be told about this last minute and
it was either gonna happen or it wasn't
and it's happening I've booked my trains
there's an event arm down in London and
there's a standard this event and they
want me to do a sort of mini promotional
video for them they're now driving to
the event I'm gonna get a train down and
probably get there a little bit before
them I'm not sure though so I've booked
my train but I want to go and do
something fun today before I go and do
some client work
oh I thought once this table is
varnished it's gonna look so nice USB
HDMI and charging pass-through for the
MacBook three USBs and an Ethernet for
my MacBook the mini projection lights
that's a new project in itself right the
reason I'm here today is because I don't
have a tall enough ladder to do this I
don't think a few moments later
three-two-one hey hey that's a lot
better wicket so we're gonna get a few
more of these installed I've got one
more of them over here they give up a
really cool light into the office so
once we get rid of this warm light and
have both of them looking really cool
and all the lights giving off a cool LED
instead of a warm LED glow this place is
gonna look modern and futuristic as hell
and then you're gonna shame the LEDs in
this room aren't white the ones in here
are warm which is a shame if I just turn
them on and show you guys is by plugging
a so those ones are warm
these ones are white what's a bottom
angled correctly this is absolutely
absolutely wicked
slowly but surely light after LED after
light
we're getting there wicked parcel I'm
sorry I don't have time for you today I
need to go that's a job well done for
today and that table is gonna look so
shiny so shiny when it's all varnished
builders coming on Sunday to finish off
and then what we need to do is go
looking for paint for this room next job
is it for its ready to be painted in
saying the whole place is gonna look mad
but I'm doing it all myself though it's
just gonna take time but I'm learning in
the process and that's the most
important thing learning
so today's been absolutely mad so far
I've got up flown the drone gone to the
office expecting to just have a normal
chill day and then this company's been
like Alex do you want to come down and
do the video because we're going to be
there so now I've booked to Train and
now I'm on the train station and I'm
doing quite work and I don't usually do
climb work that's outside of like a 50
mile radius just where I live like I
usually go by car because like most the
time I have to decline it because
obviously I'm doing this vlog and I
can't be traveling somewhere in spending
a whole day recording something for a
client and then not vlogging because
this vlog is I love to do it it's my
favorite thing but this one I worked
with these people before so we should be
all good
so I was meant to be filming this
afternoon for this client of mine but
that's not happening anymore because I'm
not gonna be able to get to the the
place we're on it's film in time London
traffic on a Friday is horrible and
apparently they're doing some work to
the tube station I'm never going to get
there so I've got a hotel here for this
evening though so I'm gonna start
filming tomorrow morning for them so
here's my hotel right here it's like 30
seconds walk from the London XL just run
meant to be filming well wasn't it
filming today but now I'm filming just
tomorrow however I think I've got a
little surprise in my hotel room
unfortunately I didn't video the ribs
when they arrived but there was some
impressive rips in the poor we are
delighted to bring you handy our latest
innovation stay connected with Handy's
and limited mobile data and telephone
calls along with a city guide the hotel
room comes with a free phone right guys
today has been fairly manic a lot of
travelling going on and a lot of not
really knowing what's going on I've been
semi productive installed some lights
into the office varnished one corner of
my table hopefully that's gonna look
cool tomorrow when I get back but like
actually guys in tomorrow's video IDs
it's alright don't show the mirror
there's nothing in the mirror
you can see me in the mirror lucky
people can't see you in there oh yes
Oh
