morning guys how y'all doing my name is
of course Alex and welcome back to
another day vlogging let's do love it
I'm like let's do this because it's
about my little mission to record a
video every single day and I'm so proud
but I've done it ever since well the
last time I had a break with last time
had a break was New Year's even New
Year's Day with the family we got this
but today I'm going to go take some
photos with Maria help her out with help
with some other uni stuff I think I'm
going to show how to do some
cinemagraphs so what did you say I've
got well this is a little bit unexpected
we've come out exploring to try and take
some photos and we found an abandoned
Caravan that's tipped on its side I
don't know if I dare go in but I'm going
to go in anyway because wow so weird
PCWorld well you know but look at that
bad boy this is old stuff in here well
that was cool
we have ourselves my friends a fair few
little past all and we know a few I'm
going to open a few of them I think this
is all some of the stuff that we all
have froggy Bay I love it it's like
Christmas okay it is really cool mad
okay by the nature of this I think I
know what values this right about every
one of you ten pounds shake my hands
this is going to be some bull so this is
the bulbs that are for and there should
be four of them yeah okay so these are
special mini Sun bulbs and these are for
well I'm going to head in ordered two of
these now these are going to make or
break the office but they're going to be
going to make it sweet two of these Alex
one is full okay so these two things
here right one of them is going to
replace this light and another one is
going to simply replace this light it's
as simple as that
eBay absolute bargain go for housings
that fake put they seemed it seemed
pretty legit so this morning I've been
helping Maria with her with her uni work
wanting to do some cinemagraphs are
looking in the photos the images that I
do that are like moving but then again
like not moving but then are moving you
know these things that's probably the
best one I've done the one with the
smoke that's varnish but for this for
this table we're going to do some a
little bit later we're going to do some
with a scanner in a workplace to let the
scanner it should look really cool now
these a world wide to test out these are
the RGB LED lights let me kinda others
one right this one right here I
certainly forgot this one's called vivid
and I suppose you fell into my proper
time with her this morning to actually
do something you know fairly productive
instead of you know you're staying in
and watching a film or something
actually to do something really
productive which has been wicked right
three two one that one works it's like a
fountain a fountain of battery LEDs they
all work they another things have them
unlike a solid color if you want just by
clicking the color but they look red
green and blue this office is going to
be mad
yeah it works it actually works
everything works I've got sound video
keyboard works I'm missing that little
thing though on there and I don't know
where it's gone but everything is
working I've changed it out for my
computer instead of a new one
just because it's got all of my work
stuff on it but we're good to go
three guys also up in the office well I
need to go back later and sort of tidy
it a little bit whew awesome things
delivered with an Elijah put the bulbs
in going to install those soon as day
they are going to make or break the
office make it not break it we're
getting rid of some horrible work flies
and we're putting in some nice white LED
light I might even install a dimmer
switch I've also been out with me and
taken some awesome photos with her this
morning I've got to do some with a
little bit later in the evening later on
in a few hours time so that's going to
be fun too just trying to help her out
with her yulie work would you say she
wants to do a cinemagraph and I know a
thing or two about cinemagraphs myself
so I said I'd help her out now for
Janelle couldn't video it but I've just
had like a little meet up with my twin
with my friend Ross I say friend we're
good friends we actually met online and
we both like we both love networking and
we both like Owen like wireless internet
service providers like where we provide
Internet to people's houses wirelessly
here's one on a much larger scale and I
own one and a smaller scale Denis he
helped me set all of mine up it's good
to catch up with him and talk tech for a
little bit and have a little bit of the
meetings and I've done that this evening
too but unfortunately couldn't video any
of it because my camera dies but other
than that I'm home
and I've had an email that I want to
look at because I think it's going to
interest all of us and I haven't seen it
yet I've only seen the subject of it
climbing at my phone and that's read
this thing okay so it's as I thought and
the title of the email is insomnia is
out the way you might that's the title
or subject to the messages because now
insomnia is out the way the body of that
message pretty much says that my my
computer my custom-built beast of a
computer is pretty much almost ready for
collection and building but it's a
computer that's going to be going here
and replacing all of this mess that's
going to be going here
and I literally cannot wait it served me
well and I love her to pieces
good old a Mosby - I'm going to miss you
you've been incredible I'm going to need
to put a shirt on because and just like
magic I put on thank you plum with this
is what I'm going to do is click this
button I'm going to be really still here
by looking at the camera and then this
hopefully with some look is going to go
across there and then go back and then
you just going to be on an infinite loop
while I'm just staying still that's
going to keep moving
there we go that makes you set up is all
complete my table isn't destroyed and
everything still kind of works I use
that I used a bottle to clean the
computer one of those compressed air
things and it's come out pretty well so
that is looking that is looking all nice
and clean in there we've got this lot of
math and speakers help these things are
absolutely absolutely huge from LG I've
got them linked up wirelessly and then
that one plugs into the into the main
computer there if a lot of Spotify
however and I just click play then it
just works and I can crank it up super
loud got a keyboard and the mouse but
there's new my Linux mouse that we sent
me I thought I'd test it out and it
feels like really nice really weird but
I've also something as an instrument
which you know is it's kind of not as
good as I thought because it's USB
powered which means it's not as powerful
the only think of that but it still
works and it you know it does the job so
it might be one strip per monitor just
to make it that little bit brighter
instead of spreading one strip across to
when we move back into the into the
other boxes but for now this is my
little looking desk
well but now put the office so I can
come I can escape I can get my work done
and do it here we've got a little bit of
greenery going on and that's all I can
really say I'm still surrounded by boxes
and things but there we go
I'm all set up finally and I also I
think I think they're cinemagraphs
worked really well with that that look
is sweet right guys I'm going to go
ahead and end today's vlog here I hope
all of you guys are alright I'm
developing a little bit of a sore throat
I'm going to head to bed hopefully
that'll be better in the morning not
sure what's happening there guys money's
been Alex I've got too much chocolate
I'll see you in I'll see you guys in
tomorrow
