I didn't have the best evening last
night at all
I was in a really bad place got proper
got really depressed
actually but there's one thing that you
need to remember with all of that and
it's perspective and I lost perspective
last night I wasn't being rational I was
being rational with some things but
they're not rational with others at the
moment I've got people in my life that I
like take take take take take and they
take and they never give anything back
and it's it sort of almost runs me dry a
little bit and it's really quite
frustrating I'll are still perspective
last night I usually go home and I edit
the videos and I'm really productive
I haven't even ated yesterday's vlog yet
how I did it this morning I lost the
plot last night but I needed to remember
about perspective so guys if you ever
find yourself in a position where you're
thinking irrationally or you're thinking
things and having thoughts and and just
remember the word perspective just sit
down deep breaths perspective I'm
feeling a lot better I'm fine
today which is brilliant right quick
meeting in London let's go
I think arrived into London just think
it was some free digestive exactly what
you want how beautiful that happening in
anything all day
quick bitter Jamie's Italian and then
we'll get on with the day
Gemma thank you very much
nice to meet you appreciate think this
is funny right this is my meeting
location so what makes a great meeting
location well the first thing lychee
meeting was someone half-decent
just they have hello number two great
Wi-Fi and number three a great topic
obviously this one being YouTube and
also a great drink there's the four
things you need for a meeting I think
appreciate stuff are seizing everything
is loaded over as is done is a really
interesting meeting next week I'm
actually going in a helicopter with
Samsung really cool stuff I'm also
flying an airplane somewhere for a few
days next week to with Sony wait being
you guys and me we've got a lot to look
forward to which is absolutely wicked I
especially come with the helicopter eyes
with something that's gonna be important
yeah we're gonna fight there I
appreciate it right thank you very much
okay look it up kids guys thanks
very much thank you very appreciated
cheese so guys absolutely brilliant
meeting today in London load of great
stuff came from it and I love it
when good stuff comes from things I love
that so if you think I can let you guys
know about the first one I mentioned
briefly I'm going in a helicopter around
London with Samsung maybe next week
maybe the week after or maybe not all
hopefully I'm so hope I'm hoping that's
happening next week fingers fingers
cross we're going we're looking for
calendars of my lifestyle I am literally
on an aeroplane
next week flying somewhere and I don't
know where I'm going to Portugal that's
it
Portugal for two days next week with
Sony that can I put any more acid in
here somewhere
Samsung next week helicopter Sony next
week Portugal I meant to be taking some
time this week maybe tomorrow a delivery
from LG a very very substantial delivery
but you guys you'll have to wait and
find out is honestly mad and I'm
actually going to recording Ted flow
videos tonight but I just don't have an
office to do that in so they're not I'm
doing with that really hello Andy
that was the Builder he's coming round
tomorrow night what was the thing oh
yeah I don't have a functioning office
at the moment this is my office
hello welcome someone's had an accident
outside the office and fallen over an
elderly person I hope they're okay
there's a lot of paramedics outside I'm
gonna shut the camera off while I walk
to my car just to show some respect I'll
see you guys at home brilliant guys just
arrived home and I'm just going to chat
round the car to make sure I've got
absolutely everything right I'm gonna
give me a call tomorrow and get the car
booked in for next week it's kind of
bugged me out a little bit but I just
want to make sure that I've got
everything right with the car so I'm
going to ring them up tomorrow and get
the car booked in for next week
obviously next week I've got one day in
London hopefully flying in a helicopter
round round London with Samsung and then
after like Portugal with Sony and stuff
so I shouldn't need a higher car next
week I'm gonna try and use the electric
skateboard for travel as well as being
another country so I shouldn't need the
car there was an oldish woman at the
roundabout and I wasn't looking at her
she was in front of me and there were
there was no traffic coming around the
roundabout at all like it was a clear
day for some reason she saw she went and
then stopped even though there was no
traffic still coming and I just assumed
she was going to go because there was
nothing coming for some reason she
decided to put a brakes on and i just
tapped the back of her car and then all
of this happened nothing happened to her
car at all but all of this happened to
mine and then this is the big annoying
one
I have no wing mirror right and and all
of this is dented and all of this is
scratched and all of this is dented here
right thanks gates I appreciate it so
pretty much what happened with this one
and it was a shock to me and it wasn't
just me in the car it was me and
somebody else we were reversing out my
driveway this one at nighttime right and
I was reversing out right now she
reversing up my driveway I was looking
in my mirror to see that this gate on
this side was still wide open and not
even moving it was still static and even
started closing with that one that only
had started closing so I was looking at
the gate on this side thinking you know
that both the local as well as inside
moving but that one has started moving
five seconds later we just hear a
massive bang it's not stuffed my wing
mirror and scraped down on the side of
the car nothing I could do about it
me and my passenger who was in the car
we both got a massive shock because it
was a massive bang obviously the wing
Murrah snapping off we both were totally
oblivious to it happening and it was
just as much just a mistake
okay Wednesday evening made it into the
office what you thought of it warriors
nothing whoa
okay see bit there's one thing I need to
do I need to hashtag save the table and
have you even have you even seen that
there yet let me took it in to get some
eyes on dawn oh I have a loved one of a
lot for you now video leave either of
you Wow cool it does after all the stuff
gonna go in there and TV up there and
then LG is sending out oh my gosh is
really cool but I want to save this
table let's get out there because we've
got this table for tech flow and it's
time to it could be destroyed it could
be
so home of that but now in here just oh
my god oh that's not good that's
terrible
oh yeah I need to go there wicked a desk
is it now for the monitors why I listen
it connects up nicely because a little
makeshift desk there we go she's up and
running wicket now finishing touches put
one on on that side and then we've got
another one just here this one King
there that side
we're getting there this is those DIYs
that's whatever that'll do for today I'm
going to finish this thing off tomorrow
I've only got two plug sockets down
there so let's get an extension cable so
I get the monitors up and running an all
hooked up and my Ethernet for the
computer mouse and keyboard so hopefully
this could be like a little little mini
editing station think it'll do the job
you need the base plasters on using the
mat thanks what are you doing up here
for you go for a week if you unpack one
God the jury has a plan where the office
is - well when I can get me to come and
clean it and then we'll we'll redo it
and do it together in terms of life
doing it it's like a fresh start and we
can redo all of the stuff that we didn't
get quite right because it was thing
doesn't know that we just weren't quite
right guys - Alex this Bend red and I'll
see you in tomorrow's block adios
