Oh brightener this morning better work
on that dish up there picks up the
internet signal from my house which is
all the way down there and then this
house that I'm at right now wanted this
dish installing pointing over there they
actually have an on-site factory that's
what they do is a living that is live in
this house have a factory on-site and
then what the internet that I bring to
the house over to the factory that's
what this bad boy is going to do eight
thirty nine eight
11:55 a.m. all finished up
well I've gotta go back next week and
finish off but finished up for today
good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog I'm expecting some
visitors hello Holly okay thank you
yeah weird that G what do you say Finny
Cameron for you president thank you very
much Club yeah that's well click insert
I call it the green friends look
anything so - awesome Labs called Finn
and Cameron at the event insomnia on the
weekend give me a bag full of presents a
few pleasures for me a few presents my
brother one for my grandma and loads of
presents for Jordan all car cleanest of
the guys thank you very much
usual choose the activities resume right
now
just beating to book the car in we're
gonna get this thing repaired as soon as
we didn't even catch it J I see I tell
people that I do reply on my snapchat
three guys gray morning in town with
Jordan Binford cheeky nandos it was a
few questions that I've seen a lot
recently
number one Alex why in the world
the you you call Jordan and does he call
you
gee why I like to stop it is so cringy
when you say it please don't rather the
whole my hands up and say right this is
something that Jordan started and then I
just copied him and called him it back
he always used to call me G when I used
to call him Jordan right so I just
started to call him G back he was the
one that started it and it's just and
it's just sort of turned into a like a
little friendly thing like I haven't
called him Jordan in so long like I just
hovered it's like my second nature now
to call em G just because eyes it
doesn't mean anything and it's not meant
to mean anything it's just what we call
each other as a nickname he called me G
and my name is Alex I call him G and his
name is Jordan yes or no Jordan starts
with a J Alex starts with an A it
doesn't make sense I know these G Angie
were both G to each other but to nobody
else no one else is allowed to call me G
then work like that
number two right this is a big one what
the hell is going on with you Amir right
not to be honest I can't really Hansel
that question just yet all I can say is
everything's fine
number three Alex you cant√≠ all those
Easter eggs may have the great idea to
give some of these away to you guys but
I don't she's not going to work at it I
can't send Chuck speaking of giveaways I
don't think guys actually remember but
I'm currently giving away a GoPro Hero 5
Black Edition like the best GoPro you
can buy the giveaway is now a month and
a half old and I still haven't picked a
winner but that's because the way you
enter is by dropping your favorite use
for a GoPro on the Qt page I'm going to
leave in the description it's currently
got 750 comments and I want it to get a
thousand comments and then I'm going to
give it away
looks like YouTube page gets over a
thousand comments as soon as it does one
of those thousand people although many
people comment it's good or in one of
these the reason I do my giveaways on QT
is because they look for your giveaway
they've let me give away an Amazon Alexa
as eg I found a DJI phantom 3 and we're
now doing a GoPro but the only trick is
I need to get a thousand comments on the
key G page so go down there and comment
and you never know you could get lucky
and win a hero
ha why my dollar thing well I did not
leave that I think I know why
it contains batteries and this one
doesn't
and the both those were the last over
the last few days I've been feeling an
insane amount of pressure and insane
amount of pressure built up inside of it
and it was and it's not a bad thing but
it was because there's a few people at
the insomnia a few of you guys I met who
are very a few of whom which broke down
in front of me and started tearing up
and was telling me how much my videos
helped them took them away from their
problems inspired them and was a bit of
a getaway and I feel so honored that
somebody would say that to me I tried to
make all of my videos like really fun
really fun and enjoyable and I want I
want people to go away from these videos
like with something maybe not with
something but I wanted to make people
happy like none of my content is
negative I was talking through about a
few youtubers who literally use the word
I don't want to say derogatory terms
like cancer and gay and you I try to
make videos on YouTube that are just
like lay back I know I'm very energetic
but that's just me as a person I'm
speaking to you guys like this is I'm
moving my arm you okay
really sorry totally tied tracking right
now
my little brother Jacob he's just played
a game of football of which some people
from Nottingham Forest who watch and
they wants to take him for a ten week
trial nothing in forest once they Mike
he's really good at football like an own
it's like this under 10 games and they
want to take him on a ten week trial
he's seven years old but like it's an
insane amount of pressure when people
come up to me in the life
are a lot I'm relying on your videos to
stay happy like it means the world to me
thank you so much and if any of you ever
want to chat to me right ever hit me up
on Twitter because that's where I've
talked to people tweet me and hopefully
I'll see it and just be like Laura Lee I
really could do with a chat literally to
go back to my old gaming videos on what
numerous channels ago you'll be able to
find me and I guarantee there you'll be
able to find me somewhere saying that
the only reason I want to do this is for
the interaction what 2600 milliamp hours
nevertheless I all you guys are okay and
as I say if you ever want to chat about
anything okay this doesn't get delivered
to my office it got delivered over the
road a gift note from Wesley Jackson get
it marred by I just had two happy Easter
from Wesley a gift note from Wesley
Justin go on microwave it you have a big
enough bowl happy Easter from wisdom
Risley Leslie says for the chocolate
I've got so much fun I'm Mike Wesley
just be microwaving these a little bit
later all together that's a bit too
thick
is far too much chocolate Jacob what you
doing beside you know hey I'm happy to
see that you're looking at the room that
we've done here is anything else we can
do to it got any other ideas wait a
minute
well it's all talk about that yeah the
match what happened bro and well I
played in the Cup final and we won 5-2
and how many of those goals did you
score
Patrick 3 Wow hey I'm so proud of you
man
my double touch knuckle-touch weight was
one of the things you tell me that one
of them was a free-kick yeah top corner
it wasn't a penalty it was a free-kick
today will sit in front of you and he
curved it over the top of them Ryan's a
top corner and that was one of you three
goals I can't believe you got a
hat-trick well I think you need a
present for playing so well and I think
you could get some things with this room
the guys put something in the comments
that we should get Jacob the plank so
well it's football I'm doing really
really well
okay tell me I'm a won't tell Jacob and
don't you look at the comments either
and then what we'll do is we'll get
emitting surprising yeah those guys
together yeah we'll get your prize in
the air nobody touch again great
football mate I'm really proud of you
look at this look someone has remote
desktop into my laptop trying to sort
out a problem with something I'm not
doing this look is moving by itself all
right I'm going to go ahead and end
today's vlog here work at the moment is
just absolutely hectic my name's Ben
Alex you guys have been awesome I'll see
you guys in tomorrow so I'll see you
guys in two runs mark I do
