John
let me first have explained the sandal
situation wearing sandals because my
foot my broken toe does it seem to be
getting any better and it's starting to
get a concern of mine I'm not resting it
up I'm not resting it up and I probably
should be which is probably why it isn't
getting better so I'm trying to give it
a break today I'm wearing sandals good
morning guys
how are they my name is of course Alex
and welcome back to another daily vlog
I'm waiting on the Builder speak to the
devil
yeah we'll post it up now but without it
I think what I didn't want to put the
big balls after the painting boys like
that I might have something up yeah I
never they are fiber saloon that I got
it down give me a ring if you need
anything you just write it's time for
and Spike Holiday Monday I'm going
around to my mum's house today as you
guys know my mum dad a split up so don't
get to see my mum that often time going
round destinations in fact around the
whole family's going around for that
lunch and stuff I'm taking the drone
because my mum lives lives in a massive
Hill it should be good to get some roam
shop
building a service pretty much Easter
eggs oh my Leatherface dragna that's
right Cheers bumps in a bit let's go
let's go see what good old Andy the
Builder has done to the office
anyway let's see how this is there we go
look at that that's coming on amazingly
this this is looking just like oh yeah
so pretty much what we're doing here is
this is all this is all a wooden Dylan
el turno love you would have been where
Alex but where are you putting all of
the computers and stuff is it going
behind in the secret bit behind there or
what are you doing with it well it's
going in here this is the plan
we're building a box so this is all
going to be a box it's going to have a
roof on it it's going to have a back so
you can't see through or to this
horrible stuff and then this is where
all the computer and X boxes are going
to go we're going to put some shelves
across there put in some plug socket the
HDMI stuff all going to sit in here and
then the cables are going to run down
the back of this unit here down the back
of that wall down there and then up to a
TV is going to be on the wall there but
that that is looking absolutely working
I wasn't sure how the Builder was going
to be doing this I'm not sure if I'm
going to be varnishing this wood or it's
going to be painted or what I'm asked
for us to build a next time I see him I
think he's next coming round on
Wednesday two days time but that that is
sweet alright I'm going to head back I'm
going to do me for a little bit today I
haven't been in the gym in such a long
time and I need to treat myself no scrap
my plans to scrap my plans to go in the
gym we've heard text from one of my
neighbors saying their internet is down
conferencing what's going on it ain't
easy selling Internet to people
Oh God so far are you ready okay I think
I think I need to do a giveaway some of
these because I'm not eating all of our
now unfortunately I can't jump up and
down from the nature of my toe being
broken so I'm just going to have to just
do the bog-standard just that and there
we go Jim
it's time for another eBay shopping
spree
this one this one so overdue huh great
start I need some new projection lights
because the ones that we've put in
before and just broken even on the other
side as well it's exactly say what's
that
our Gatto either writebol any one of
these because the opal that had kept
flashing so I need a new one it's in the
big one and a half meters add to basket
I need these because I was using these
light LED light for my team before to
light up behind the monitors they were
absolutely awful my monitors have USB
ports on the back of them that will
power an LED limited by some USB powered
LED strip and they can be powered off
the monitors as to which they're going
to be lighting up it's perfect
I need some wood varnish because I want
to varnish this table I want it looking
absolutely gorgeous that's it
I'm at table and if I have any varnish
left afterwards I'm going to start
varnishing the beam as a basket only one
of them because just GoPro mount fell
off the car and it's got a big crack in
it so I don't use it anywhere I need a
new one
Austin brushed chrome adjustable LED
gu10 single spotlight kitchen spotlight
fittings for $18.99
I want two of them because I want to
replace these life and have some spot
showing down on certain location and I
want a USBC Ethernet adapter for this
stupid a lot right guys I hope you've
enjoyed this vlog today hope you have
enjoyed my today it's been like one of
them with the end of this videos been
like really weird warming out of my home
and warming down here then I'm back
handling them back here hopefully that
looked kind of cool it might not have
though I might add a few more things to
the list that aren't really that
important I think I'm now paying 150 to
41 so open now guys this rooms looking
cool this room's going to get done a mug
perfectly with your guy's help my night
you guys have been awesome guys sales
and keep smiling I'll catch you guys in
tomorrow's mark as he faces ready
ah
