hey guys good morning to you all happy
not right it's Easter today we've
established that we're going to have
lots of chocolate right also we can't
forget 13 its 31st day today happy
birthday bro how you doing today I think
it's only fair that we give her a little
bit of ham we go bro
go on happy birthday bro cooking the
meals with the family
do you think they'll get the point
brilliant quick meal open dumb wedding
was really nice to see the grandma it
was well with everybody else she's given
me this massive cream egg which by the
way obviously as well as Mars bars as
well as Mars bars cream eggs are my
all-time favorite chocolate I absolutely
love them so grandma thanks for the
Easter egg I appreciate it
I've also got all this stuff down here
jogo so yesterday when I was it insomnia
jacob' headings on the earth day
yesterday right and I met some fans and
yeah it got me all these presents but
look at these ones
wait a minute so this one it is to Jacob
and your name Jacob right so this one's
for you right do you want to sit in my
chair right here you sit there and I'll
push you up to the death Ark it's a
pizza whoa that's what's here we tasty
oh whoa Jacob smell it smell it just my
little one get your faith in that is the
higher bouquet for a Sunday eat supply
basically willing jump for joy
my comment challenge provides me with a
jumping for joy hmm boy mom and joy from
Peter Papa's the work Hey
so Easter Sunday guys I hope all of you
guys have had a brilliant Dane on the
left it'll send it with a family or what
you guys are doing I'm still making a
video so today as well as it being
Easter and receiving a lot of chocolate
I've done an Easter egg hunt with Maria
that was that was really fun yet
childish but still really fun I really
enjoyed that also firstly my cat
birthday if you don't follow first on
Instagram iam my cat has his own
interest versus Adele's giving him his
fair share of hammer balls have him for
a meal and in all of these but happy
Easter guys so today I finally sent off
the sony a7s the camera I used to vlog
with with the microphone port on it
broke so you couldn't hear any audio
when I was vlogging which was a massive
I managed to go I managed to go without
missing a day of logging because the
camera wasn't recording audio for there
was a lot of shots that I missed but I
couldn't include because there was no
audio in them so hopefully I'll
obviously some whole day at the moments
when nothing is open I can't even send
the camera off tomorrow but I'll get it
sent off Tuesday in the car ready to go
oh my god this is making me like three
minutes or so all of this trip together
I've got regular you ready today three
or four wide to normal Monica's Xbox one
Xbox one PlayStation 4 Logitech Keyboard
rigt was course our lap dog with quarter
okay 70 and the Corsair mouth and then a
flux and the rog mini p3 I've got the
eloquent PP I've got my complete with
the GTX 1080 in it I've got the computer
from gladiator
I've got my old creepy from home which
is still a really good PC with the
GeForce GTX in there
so that's just that what I've done now
but then I'm silver all of us go three
three wireless headset there to my onyx
mouse and cuz stuff
oh my god DJI phantom4 two of these
Bluetooth women I didn't see that I've
got another ultra water but fuels right
there that one doesn't have a standard
box is just full of stuff what's in
there gimbal for a phone this this is
mental this is absolutely mad
what does the hell this is this nothing
what like 5,000 pounds worth of gear
work first off everything is just pill
okay why charge doing this test what I
need to try and do with it is make sure
that all the care management is done a
little bit better than me because it's
just horrible man how did you guys let
me get away with it how what I need is
another one of these power scripts here
but then that side of the but look look
through there I know what that's for
I've also lost the key cap for this
keyboard so if anybody sees it anywhere
let me know I reckon hold up a minute
actually actually I believe that this is
all stuff in here that's currently in
use in the office like oh my I think
everything in here is in you here is so
speakers this TV sound hard behind the
TV and that's it no everything else is
sort of in here I suppose having all
those pcs is absolutely fine though
because well I'm going to get one more
pieces as I mentioned in yesterday's
vlog I'm redoing the whole is editing
depth and she'll check out yesterday's
vlog is for more info on Zack who's
going to be I'm going to be having a new
PC for this day which will leave me with
quite a few computers left over however
I am going to need a PC with a live
streaming room or maybe two this is why
I need help of like a professional
streamer type person is it best to have
one computer for like gaming on and then
another computer a separate PC
running the stream or do you just do it
all on one power
computer I'm not sure what route to go
down premature let me know that would be
mental there is money back home it is
Sunday evening obviously Easter Sunday
usually hang around with Toby on on
Sunday evenings Bobby did got a new job
so it can't come round anymore but this
weekend has been so full on in
considering it is Bank Holiday Monday
perfect perfect time this evening just
to chill out for a bit golden posted on
with Chris Paul arms 15 smooth milk
chuck roast
