how will you serve the world what do
they need that your talent can provide
it's the effect you have on others is
the most valuable currency there is I
molecularity just go ahead right so I've
just made it to insomnia for Saturday
I'm super behind schedule
I've got nothing planned for today
nothing planned at all nothing planned
as far as meets and greets are concerned
so I've got no designated place to meet
people but I know there's a lot of
people here that do want to meet me so
I'm gonna try and budge something and
tell everybody to go to a certain
location however this this is the VIP
twitch lounge where there's like
cosplayers sat here and people streaming
over here and then all the in fluids
just like sat here chillin but I need to
go
right so I'm not sure what's happening
here but with all these people
and I've been given a lot of presents
and it's awesome and there's a lot of
people here and it really know what's
going on it's all happened a little bit
too bad thank you so much I appreciate
it
oh my god Lucas is no exception right
now exception this is manic
so apparently the event is said I'm not
allowed to do signings because there's
too many people there so we have to wait
till past four just in 15 minutes
right sir everybody's around here
waiting but I'm not allowed to take any
photos until 4:30 and it's now 4/20 so
everybody's waiting here for like ten
minutes so this is the deal everything's
calmed down a little bit now so I've
made it to insomnia I'm here which is
good right
I didn't have overnight scheduled
meeting great with insomnia so I've had
to sort of odd one
The Stand Mihama right but insomnia have
said you can do that that's fine but if
this if it gets too big then we'll have
to shut it down so there's all these
people here and we have to wait until
4:30 and then I can start taking bows
it's just mad honestly mad if I could if
I could like show us 13 year old me this
I don't have no idea what it's saying a
lot more people have turned up right now
everybody's now being moved all the NEC
staff are here trying to organize this
thing this is just turned into something
that I never thought he would turn into
go straight this way but half a mile up
kid
another one outside another fire
okay home is an hour and the queue still
hasn't gone down
I'm now being escorted back to the IP
stasis people following
there we go I let you drove here an hour
and a half just to come and meet people
and now I'm going home again let's go
so actually this evening been invited to
a twitch party that's up at the top of
that building up there right at the top
like a VIP twitch thing unfortunately
I'm not gonna be able to attend to that
because I came here yesterday and today
and it's taken too much of my time it's
taking away at the time I usually give
myself to chill at a party instead I've
got to go home and do some work but the
last two days it's been mad and
absolutely mental meeting the sheer
amount of people that I've met thank you
so much for everything it's just been
incredible mind-blowing but they're not
to say thank you
I just had to pull over and film that
sunset that was the nicest thing ever
I'm so excited okay first off look at
this her Twitter handles up there a girl
that met me today and drew me this and
it's beautiful thank you also see Jesus
thought he was gonna send this to the
peer box but then he realized he was
meeting me so you inspire me every day
Alex never stopped whoa he says don't
show on vlogs this is personal okay I'll
read that later mate thank you someone's
done a diagram of the live-streaming
room with three monitors on by the way
I've got the okay from LG they're
sending me a TV for the live stream
everything what are these more awesome
messages that's amazing and an awesome
message now this is where things get
slightly mental this is a present from
well presents from VIN and Cameron thank
you very much they've sent me all these
presents that one's for my grandma and
granddad this is from Billy from
Portsmouth Billy thank you bagels bagel
I love it I love it bagels
a wall of fan art they said Alex make a
wall of fan art well if that's what you
guys want that's what I'm gonna do these
awesome pictures right
and all these awesome messages much like
I did on my bedroom door at home which
got ripped down for in here now I was
just about to say I'm not 100% sure
where to do the thumb art wall in this
room but I think I've just found the
perfect place that I think that is gonna
be the perfect place every time I look
at my little room I just think how
wicked it is man
it's so cool looking at this place now
and just thinking four months back this
was this was just an attic space like a
rusty horrible and now look what we've
done look about
right so what I'm going to be doing is
calling on the help of both of my
grandma's just because they know a thing
or two about cleaning on another level
than I do so one day the next week I'm
going to get them round here
have a full day dripping this thing down
and bullets sing it making it so so
clean
luckily my wireless internet connection
is still on so I can go online so I was
originally using these like little
plastic circle LED light things from
Ikea and happens still come behind the
monitor they've left a horrible mark and
all these horrible little stains as I
pulled them off and they they didn't
give out a very nice life to all and
there are about thirty British pounds of
mic here that's about fifty dollars for
you guys in America right and the sole
purpose of these was to have two one
either monitor for my desk I had two
monitors at my desk have two of these
lives on either of them to give like a
LED glow I thought there might be better
than LEDs considering they're from Ikea
but they're not better than LEDs don't
buy them is these monitors all of them
have two USB ports on the side of them
or on the back of them and in the
software over the monitors you can
actually go in and program those those
USB ports so that says all they do is
they give out power right but you know I
dare Amir Clarkson when he used to do
top gear and every like every week or
every month or so he did a segment
called so I went on the internet and I
found this right I'm gonna do the same
thing but with eBay here you go so I
went on eBay
and I found this Alex that looks like a
normal LED strip hold up and it has a
USB connection on the end of it right so
I can literally plug it into the back of
the monitors so we're not messing about
with running any cables and then we have
LEDs right so that's what I've thought
four LEDs right what about the editing
desk right I haven't had any messages
back yet
the editing desk I'm redoing the whole
thing the monitor
new keyboard a mouse new computer new
headset but here's the kicker I want all
of those items to be by the same
manufacturer right oh let's have a
Logitech keyboard and then of course
their mouse and then an lg monitor no I
want everything to be the same be the
same mate but so the guys with you guys
like I was proud of this space when I
first made it like I was proud of this
thing it was something I thought I was
proud of because I built it with you
guys on on a video and it was a genuine
functional office space and I was proud
to say that I'd done that but that also
doesn't mean that ours 100% happy with
it and that happiness has definitely
decreased over the time as the more
things that I've noticed that are wrong
with it and the things that the younger
me should have just rectified at the
time instead of just fact that the
mistakes were made is the very reason is
the very opportunity that I'm giving
myself to redo it and make it better
and I think that is something that I
really need to take on board anyway you
guys my name is Ben I like you guys have
been awesome but is it insomnia over for
me I'm not going back there tomorrow
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog see stur
tomorrow
chocolate time adios
