my lever dilemma
after dilemma first dilemma is currently
8:35 a.m. right now but it's down have
my haircut there's a dilemma because
your hair is never good the first day
you get it cooked usually that's
absolutely fine however I'm going to
insomnia today to meet hundreds of fans
and subscribers and people and I'm just
going to look awful in all the photos I
take which is a second dilemma wait a
minute I thought yeah it's still it
really hurt let's go
pride I've come to park in the Hilton
they wants 15 pounds for eight hours 22
pounds a day to make this quick and
clean
so I've made into the VIP twitch lounge
that's back there and then out here is
the actual event and there's people look
look let me turn it around the big stage
up there people where and then I feel
like there's people over there that want
a photo so I'm going to go and see them
and then this is all the production team
that's going on back here for the big
stream that's going on I really need
some food I haven't eaten anything all
day but I'm finally finally in am i cool
yet am i cool but you can change the
pattern of what they do these are so
cool that is to get somebody Wow yeah
choose the things you want food price
you can head over to the meet-and-greet
now everybody's here
and I really like a meet-and-greet
session this is wicked there's so many
people I always told everybody to read
it
that was my finish of the meet-and-greet
these things apparently are on the
schedule I meant to last half an hour
I've been here an hour and a half which
is funny to me finish that was mad thank
you so much that was incredible and hour
and a half full full of like signing and
taking photos that was insane also
there's a full-on Intel lounge right
here where they're doing like alienware
computers I'm going to come have a look
at this all right six terabyte this is a
eyes omnia has been absolutely amazing
meeting thousands of people was
incredible especially at the meet and
greet I absolutely love those things I
was meant to be on the meet and greet
stage for thirty minutes was malakut
slot I was there for an hour and a half
an hour and 45 minutes that many people
turned up you guys it's insane you guys
are awesome and you've all made me some
wicked stuff which unfortunately I
didn't get to bring home with me because
it's with rob who helps me out guys well
my friends at the event here but whilst
I was at the event I was actually
speaking to call said they've got their
new computer that all-in-one PC and
they're going to send that out to me to
do like a review one so that's going to
be cool they've also got their new
keyboards which they've brought out and
not many people know about that and
trying to do something if it bears me to
explain this at home I think maybe I'll
let you just come down to the door of
this building
go home and this is on the small little
bird yes it's just to me this is a like
half past eight in the evening what will
be the time for delivery there we go now
I've won 3-2 byte drives another three
terabyte drive and then a six terabyte
drive that gives me a full on 12
terabytes of storage in my natthew
that's this little box here 12 terabytes
of storage another reason I'm wanting to
do that is because I'm wanting to these
vlogs every single day and wanting to
back them up a way to keep the raw files
from every single day I think I record
about 20 to 30 gigabytes a day of
footage in 4k that's almost a terabyte a
month oh but I'm wanting to back
absolutely everything close though today
so they were going to send me out their
brand new keyboard the RGB rapid-fire
with the LEDs that go around the edge
that means I'll have the Corsair Mouse
the Corsair mouse mat and the brand new
Corsair keyboard here with all the
lights thinking often the reason they're
doing that is because this computer it's
almost ready to go I saw a picture of
the new machine today the Builder that's
building it for me and etching Milo goes
into our art it's going to be incredible
the lights and the motherboard in the
LED Ram on inside the computer the whole
thing was litter and the guys over at
Corsair as says that the LEDs inside the
computer will be able to sync up sync up
with the LEDs that are going to be on
the new keyboard and the mouse and the
trackpad so it's just a massive shame
that my computer actually isn't on
showing here with the mouse and keyboard
it's it's all the way in here it was a
hundred percent awesome to see those
guys today get an update on the computer
as well as see everybody else who
watches these at all everybody up I'm
going to drive back tomorrow and
hopefully see a few more people but it
was great to see the hundreds of people
that I saw today insane right guys today
has been absolutely manic I was up at
8:30 haircut straight down to Birmingham
to me you guys wow it's been non-stop
but this is going to be lit AF with the
new keyboard and the new computer
I genuinely can't wait I'll see you guys
in tomorrow's vlog adios
