this this is this is ice water in here I
was very close today not to doing a
video my foot I've broken my toe and my
foot in the last few days has been fine
but today I can't walk on it I've taken
tablets I'm giving it a nice bath we
can't stop
all right you got some new headphones
haven't you right I put them on charge
for you do you know why they go on
charge why about the cable so Jacobs got
himself some new headphones because his
old ones broke but he thinks right he's
gonna bought these right these little
things look at him bless him anything
that he has to plug the cable in to get
them to work come and look at this so
this is your iPod right usually you
would plug it in there wouldn't you and
then these would just work yeah take
that out yeah and then you've just got
these so there's nothing connected Alex
you just got to do a little bit of magic
first on here and then it will work
without the cable promise all right so
little man if you put them on your head
right now right there's nothing
connected to them right and I'm gonna go
on YouTube and play something watch this
one yeah so click on this one
yeah ready Wow I told you I'd work
come soon guys how are you all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog but I apologize
straight away my foot is really really
bad today
in fact the council a photoshoot with a
friend this morning because I can't
really walk anyway it's a man absolute
agony I'm only hoping it's gonna get
worse before it gets better
if that makes sense all this is a
wireless a cheaper wireless switch thing
that I've ordered turn your lights on
off like wirelessly anywhere in the
world or some pretty cool I'll check all
that a later date so don't we have time
today because today is gonna hurt me a
little bit inside to do what I'm about
to do this evening gonna hurt me
mentally it's gonna hurt me physically
but the time has come and it needs to be
done first order of business shut down
shut down absolutely everything we're
shipping out
well next well that's it
three hours later I'm pretty much
everything is gone
bye-bye monitors but by computer bye-bye
the majority of the editing desk bye-bye
oh the consoles and multimedia equipment
bye-bye that corsair lap dog
wells gone my table with all my stuff on
it breakfast bar looking bad nothing on
the deck this lamp for some reason just
flashes on now what's going on under
there that's broken office it's been fun
I've loved every second of it thank you
for always being here when I've needed
you but sometimes you just have to move
on
geez it does look kinda scary doesn't it
with nothing here like it looks like
we've been burgled like it looks like we
bow but they've come in and they've
smashed that light off and stolen the
monitors and all the computers and
everything well in turn all that's
happened is I need to get a new bulb for
that light because it doesn't work
anymore and I'm taking everything out of
this room for the plain simple fact and
it's fairly obvious and if you don't
think it's obvious let me point some
things out
every square inch of this office is
absolutely filthy it's absolutely
disgusting for no other reason than the
work that's going on in this room at the
moment whilst they've been in there the
dust has come down here and just
absolutely obliterated everything all of
my computers are absolutely caked
there's dust on every surface in this
room even on my hands just from just
from taking things out for example let
me see if you guys can see this look at
my finger from that I don't know what it
shows up like on camera but this room is
filthy so I'm taking everything else
everything and I'm starting again now
I'm not having a midlife crisis or a
breakdown this just needs to happen
because the dust is in the air this room
needs to be like properly clean I also
need to do some things like upgrade the
editing pcs it's getting a little bit
slow and upgrade some of the monitors
that are in here I want to redo the
whole editing death when I install like
a 4k monitor and get some nice equipment
for the editors and stuff and it's an
opportunity as to whilst I'm cleaning
this room to rethink a few things
because this was an ongoing project of
mine a couple years back and I think
that with what I've learned over the
past few years by revisiting it I can do
it better we're making an awesome room
up there this room is gonna be mad
especially with the LEDs this room is
gonna be mad and now all the plastering
is finished there's gonna be no more
dust there was so many little things in
that room that there are so many little
things in that room like the light some
of the lights are not working and some
of the LED strips not working and cables
hanging down it was good but it was
never perfect and us as a collective we
can make it perfect you can walk through
this carpeted room right here with a
massive TV at the end the corner sofa
with it with the walls painted and then
you gonna look down here and you're
gonna see a refined office the miles
media office 2.0 it's gonna be clean and
every single thing is gonna be done
perfectly no you guys
every single day of me coming in this
office if you've seen anything do you
think needs changing or needs to be
something different or done differently
please please let me know in the comment
section down below I am 100% open to any
creative criticism and if you see
something you agree on smack a light
rating on it so it appears in the top
two comments and therefore I'll have a
better chance of seeing you one thing I
want to do is put some new stairs here I
was thinking of doing floating stairs
out here like this I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to do that so again any
help will be greatly appreciate I'm not
even a hundred percent happy with this
unit that I put I needed a new unit but
I don't really like that unit I want
this place to be hold up a minute let me
show you another room in this office
that someone is someone else's meeting
room but I'm sure they won't mind me
showing it now you see this room this I
like look even the lobby way this like
so much dust on you can sit there you
can see that such a good angle
are you guys ready to see a whole load
attack look this is on a stuff this is
everything from the office
we've got dusty computer after dusty
computer more computers camera gear soft
boxes keyboard mouse Xbox ps4 small
computers oh it's everywhere look we've
got far too much stuff here man far too
much stuff this car sucks fuel like a
little team
it's gonna be a hell of a lot easier to
do this and I think and a hell of a lot
cheaper I love doing this office thing
on a budget and making it look really
cool hey guys and just quickly quickly
before I head off today the Qt team have
just been in touch and they've said if
you go to the link in the description
and just follow my profile on Qt who
make a QT account click on the link in
the description that should underneath
my picture be a follow button and an
abbess friend add me as a friend on QT
and follow me leave a load of comments
and stuff on QT and then apparently we
gonna be doing a giveaway I'm not sure
what it is yet but the Qt guys always
throw me a lot of money to do giveaways
with you guys so let me know what you
want me to give away in the comment
section down below but to enter go into
it right now create a QT account follow
me on QT and add me as a friend on Qt
and just go and leave a load of comments
on the link in the description and okay
guys I'm gonna cut today's vlog short
here as I said I can't really do much my
foot really hurts I'm off to insomnia
tomorrow so I need to rest myself and my
foot up I'll see you guys there in
tomorrow's vlog adios
