yo guys how're y'all doing my name is of
course Alex guys and welcome back to
another daily vlog let's start the day
out with a slight bit a slight bit of
inspiration this is the owner of Amazon
now thinking about where Amazon is today
how mental is that my most successful
startup business is my internet business
where I sell Internet to all the people
around me wirelessly guys and guess how
many clients I started out with with
zero like everybody else
zero internet clients just like
everybody else guys in the entire world
that wants to do anything started out
with zero but that didn't stop me last
winter I was still out there in the
freezing cold putting em vil opes
through people's doors trying to
advertise my internet service if you're
wanting to do anything good I mean heck
starting a financial advising company
starting a computer building company
starting an Internet company or even
starting a YouTube channel there's a
couple of key things that all factor in
number one the idea number two
determination number three being
fearless and number four when am I going
to start and that answer is as soon as
so guys with that being said push on if
you want something go and get it the
amount of times do you understand what I
mean you guys are always like Alex I've
got this amazing idea and I just I don't
want to execute it or I've got my exams
coming up and I just don't think I could
I can do it to the best of my ability
look I believe in you you can do it
anything anybody is capable of right
I've got CrossFit now I need to get sick
I haven't been going to CrossFit as much
as I would have liked guys however I'm
going to try make an effort with this
so you guys and so I have just got back
from CrossFit no you haven't
don't be a liar that where did you come
from
what do you mean this is my office
no I'm Alex you have a laughs right no
this is my office and that's my
government why do you always lie what'd
you say he goes across there and you
just no look no you're a liar now I've
got the footage I've literally just been
to CrossFit yeah yeah look at this sorry
about that guys I have no idea who that
was
some guys were saying he just been to
CrossFit what the hell is CrossFit
there we go now as you guys all know and
if you've been living under a rock
recently I will let you know as you guys
can see right in front of me there is a
full-on streaming setup with a downward
facing camera a camera that faces
forward a really really really crisp and
expensive microphone right here and I
went on stream on Wednesday evening with
my little brother and we built this
computer now as much as me doing that
stream to test out my brother and teach
him how to build a computer and also
entertain you guys I was doing it
because well I think there's a problem
with this motherboard right here and I
wanted to build a computer to simply
test that and it turns out that yeah
there's a problem there's a problem with
this motherboard and this whole build
was meant to be going to one of my
clients so I'm kind of just gonna have
to disassemble and rebuild a computer
with a different motherboard in the form
of a time lapse ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls this is building a
computer in the time lapse form in under
13 minutes
let's get
I think I've built it sweet guys well
this computer is initializing I want to
go ahead and tell you and explain to you
where this computer is going and why
I've built it so I have some parts up
there already to do a stream with Jacob
to show Jacob how to build a computer
and much to my correction the parts that
are built with Jacob didn't work and the
reason I chose parts that didn't work
we're in case Jacob broke them anyway
whilst we were trying to build the
computer as he's never built one before
so now I've done that stream with Jacob
which was really fun and I also talked
about to build a computer I've now taken
the parts out of the case that didn't
work and replace them with the parts I
bought for my client that do work I've
built the computer fYI it's got an i7
it's got a 1050 Ti etc SSD for storage
this client of mine is gonna be doing a
lot of web browsing on Chrome a lot of
media consumption a lot of word document
writing and massive massive massive
Excel spreadsheets and they're going to
be wanting to do all of that really
reliably on a 2.7 k ultra wide curved LG
display which is right there and where's
my client situated you may ask well
they're actually in this office on the
floor below so now that I've finally
finished their computer I've got their
keyboard and mouse down there as well as
their brand new monitor it's time to go
and make over their setup for them and
you guys are gonna be absolutely
mind-boggled when you see what I'm
putting in there versus what's already
there it's not the best
Oh God this this guy's is absolutely
vile we're gonna need my new computer I
just build them and all of the parts to
make this great again I think we've got
enough things here to be getting on with
Oh God yeah we've definitely got some
work to be game it's time for a montage
but first here's the before and after
photos let's get to work
so guys you see how to have this so a
big hole in the desk
right guys I think I'm almost done
obviously guys they use an iPhone and
the venetians that will charge it down
here and having the phone charged on the
floor well what we can just do guys is
with this monitor it has a USB hub built
in the back so we'll just go ahead and
plug this in there and then this little
lightning cable can come just around
there so they can actually charge their
phone on the desk and by the way yes the
hub actually works with peripherals as
well so as you can see I've got the
webcam plugged into the monitor and then
via the USB 3 cable it goes down there
into the computer right yeah yeah I'm
pretty sure that Mars bar knows how to
build any type of setup not just a
gaming one check this out
so guys after that little montage I do
hope you enjoyed it quick well little
Taurus bows so when I first laid eyes on
this setup the first thing I noticed is
that there was going to be these big
holes everywhere so first off extended
mouse mat gets rid of that
this one's from spigen I put links to
all this in the description then we have
the MX master a brilliant work mouse
next to that the k900 keyboard from
Logitech I like this keyboard because if
you turn the lights off if you put your
hand over the keyboard it actually
senses that you're there and likes the
keys up I'm not even touching it it's
like magic look again watch this I'm not
touching it bang and obviously no cables
makes this thing look super super sleek
monitor 39 inches from LG curved 2k
resolution it just beats having two
monitors right one of them just looks
better than to beat it down here guys
has a 512 gig SSD it's water-cooled with
an i7 and then a 1050 Ti with 16 gigs of
DDR for DRAM and I'm happy because it
sways it's it's silent it's literally
silent and that GPU can be able to run
this display is 75 Hertz 2.7 K
absolutely fine and a lot of you're
gonna say Alex that GPU is totally
totally overkill and I know that but the
client specifically said to me that they
wanted to have zero problems having
hundreds of things open those of chrome
tabs there's a spreadsheet and they had
the budget so I went for it
I'm so impressed with this it looks sick
even though it is just a boring office
all the links in the description guys
think my cheating my client I'll be
happy let me know in the comments I'm
pretty sure they're going to love this
look at all the stuff from before I had
this whole ball mount with these two
screens and this tiny little computer
which I might even try and take an
upgrade or something horrible keyboard
look at it now brilliant job
does that pain you guys a little bit
even though I know that motherboard it
was already broken that's still pained
me to do that and look how messy all of
this is after building that computer I
would say personally that building
computers is really easy but the mess
the mess that comes with it I just I
just prefer not be there guys I might do
that more in the future do more actual
PC bills and set up bills for clients
that was kind of like a little niche
thing but I'm wanting to offer it as
part of Mars media so Mars media as a
package is like home audio-visual stuff
home networking and Wi-Fi and obviously
if you're in my local area you can get
my internet that I sell off my dishes
and then obviously production production
producing videos wedding videos
promotional videos client videos etc
those three things are what I want Mars
Media to be and be really successful up
by the end of 2018 and we're kicking
things off strong guys that computer
build all done and tomorrow morning I am
going to network somebody's house for
them guys we're doing bits which is
brilliant
so guys I haven't really really wanted
to open some stuff from the Pierre box
with some time right now but I just
haven't had time we haven't had time on
the vlog and I've been busy with
funerals and sad things unfortunately
recent labor feeling a lot better now
guys and that's obviously thank you to
you guys to support or your guys support
a bit it meant the world to me so thank
you thank you for that anyway I really
need to do this more often because
underneath my bed is just like round
full of packages from you guys
hi Alex I hope you like this logo I am
such a fan of your vlogs from James well
James thank you he's also put his
Twitter James because you're a legend
I'm tweeting you right this second
we have a box oh wow
Alex my name is Tegan and I subscribed
to your YouTube channel originally sell
a small business with my mum making wax
melons and candles in our kitchen we
started off going off at craft fairs at
the weekend and I'm still in school but
we've just made our own website that the
website there we sent you our most
popular melts and these contain fresh
linen Wild Rose fairy dust clean cotton
and baby powder and I've also added the
Christmas cookie is that is my favorite
these are sick I don't understand what
you do with them they're like are you
meant to melt them or what oh they smell
so good man I've leaving them open what
the hell is it meant to be all glued
together I don't want to break this
Daniel your handwriting is mental hey I
like something watching your videos and
streams since your mum was your first
subscriber but seriously I like your
videos and you've literally made me put
LEDs everywhere so thanks for that
well I appreciate you saying thank you
for that do you have some sort of led
discount code or something that no guys
I'm not sponsored by an LED company at
all and I just I just should be like
that should that should be a thing I'm
not what I will do is include a LED
strip in the description one I've used
before and I know that works and comes
with everything to get you started
anyway I'm gonna call mine quits that
for today's vlog guys I really hope you
enjoyed it something a little bit
different for me today working up on the
roof that's not different but making a
setup for a client trying to impress
them is something awesome and something
I'd love to do and today went really
really well so guys with um being said
I'm gonna go ahead and end today's daily
vlog here guys my name's Ben Alex you
guys have been awesome guys stay awesome
keep smiling and I will see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog Oh spoiler alert
I'm going to London guys adios
