please don't tell me
yeah it's pathetic
now ah check into 3 is dog-eat-dog and
y'all sleeping are these Mickey D's
rappers around with it happening cuz I
got my city y'all they come up and they
got my back zip it up in the kid they
were the worst but then a proper nigga
when absurd a killing the realest good
evening guys I'm finally home
the traffic was a nightmare Oh No
what have we got here I wonder who's the
culprit this time boys and girls
birthday Betsy which one of it was you
the did that because whichever one of
you it was need a reward because that
shows that you're a proper cat he's like
uh back home to finally bring the cars
about four hours drop tele off drop the
girls are good check this out look at
all the bruising around my spot where I
told you I wasn't lying I genuinely this
tone that still taped together this toe
was legitimately like that angle like
that and I bent it back look at all the
bruising around my tongue and on my foot
back oh my genuinely really hurt but I
can't let it stop me so now you'll see
and hear okay so it turns out this
basketball of a speaker I took it - I
took it to Manchester so after the
concert when you go back to the hotel
room with it with everybody have some
drinks and Elizabeth for music I bought
the power adapter with it because I
assumed that it was a wireless speaker
but one that had to be plugged in and it
turns out it has a battery in it so I
learn something yesterday what is this
is the cybertron ms0 v wireless speaker
with a subwoofer in it and it has a bat
i didn't realize that a battery right I
just need like five minutes to sort this
out OCD is going to bit man
three two one the top priorities right I
need to write this list down because
I've got a wedding that I think I'm
going to be filming next week and I
can't quite film a wedding on this
camera it's not going to work the good
camera but it's not going to work
there's only the sony a7s if I'm filming
a wedding I really need my sony a7s and
this camera as the v camera for that
camera it's broken so in london camera
exchange to get receipt send off a7s2
to send the camera back to Sony the
require I send the receipt with them
I've lost the receipt I need to phone up
the shop and get my ear heceta for I
send it back those are two jobs I need
to do tomorrow before I do anything else
writing your goals down is a good way to
visualize them but what's this fix car
Alex what's happened now
so I've just been on a two-hour drive
for Manchester and there's nothing more
annoying than this coming off every five
seconds a bit disappointing really that
that happens closing all of that in in
the gearstick
and I just sort of clips back on and I
being a bit a lot title do the job
Wednesday so there's lost track of the
week Wednesday the 12th of April 10 p.m.
arrived to the office now as well as me
opening Pierre box letters and things on
camera which I do fairly often you know
movie wants every every couple week and
then periodically I'll do I'll open the
load without the big boxes on my main
channel I do read some stuff off camera
and someone took me there and it's kind
of blowing my mind first of all it's
full of sticky notes it's full this is
sticky note if it was even on the back
this one blows my mind the most but
before I started to read this I had to
read this I know the moment it must be
difficult with all the tough times that
you going through especially with all
life's little stresses and worries
you've got a lot on your plate at the
moment and with all that said it can be
easy to lose sight of all the great work
that you do this is a list of all the
stresses and worries that you have part
of the day always well the obvious
that's happened in the last week having
to deal with fixing your car having to
deal with the builders and getting them
in and out of the offic having to deal
with the clients and organize work
having to deal with applying internet to
paying customers having to deal with
recording editing and uploading a video
every day having to come up with new
content for your other channels every
week having to attend regular meetings
and events which are often far away to
meet your fans having to maintain
relationships with your friends and
family whilst being busy having to deal
with ongoing work with the BBC I'm sure
there's a lot more I haven't mentioned
but Alex this is a lot of things you
have to deal with and Wesley he's 100%
true I've been the designated driver
I drove everybody to Manchester for the
concert yesterday and drove and dropped
off everyone back home a little looking
after people are making sure everybody's
everybody's okay but what that's doing
is it hindered it hindered everything
else for example I got back at like 7:00
p.m. this evening without you know with
nothing recorded for my daily video
because I've pretty much been driving
the whole day as I've mentioned to you
guys before I don't go out into town
that often and drink because I can't
afford to drink and then not get up the
next day and these are things that your
typical 19 year old
wouldn't even think of doing
here's why I like in it simple I like it
because I love it having to deal with
the builders letting them in and out the
office I'm making an awesome room with
you guys I love that having to deal with
clients and organize work I'm freelance
I'm doing this by myself
I'm learning I love to learn having to
deal with supplying Internet to paying
customers
I love the facts right but I can beam
wirelessly Internet from my house to
someone as two miles away that blows my
mind and fascinates me I want to know
more so I expand it I get more clients
and more customers to speak to more
people I love it recording editing and
uploading a video every day doing that
is stressful and pushes me outside of my
comfort zone and great things don't come
when you're inside that comfort zone see
the problem with this it says having to
replace that with loving - and it
changes the whole message
pretty much everything mate in a
45-minute phone call that was a very
long phone call
so welcome back to the new space so
about six weeks ago I did a video where
I first introduced you guys to this
space and was like look she loved me
about my current office and then into
this one a lot of people said yes a lot
of people said no here's the thing
I've got the space to use hence why it's
got all my stuff in here so technically
I am using the space because I'm using
it's a storage but I'm not using the
space for workspace I'm not working in
here I know I never come in here and I'm
taking these things out of this room or
putting things into this room speaking
of putting things into this room I think
important things in this room
so our plan is with this room is to use
it as a bit of an overflow room I'm also
going to use it as a test room to test
out to test out products and I prize
with this space is to set up something
down there that looks kind of cool let
me know if you guys want me to do this
on camera or off camera I might just
work on it by myself but I want to set
but I want to set up a little
workstation PC setup type thing or I can
come and it's where I can put a new
keyboard or a new mouse or I can install
a brand new computer or a brand new
monitor or I can test out some
accessories and it can be a test station
for testing technology and that means it
can also be another set okay so I've
kept it on the hook shows but I've kind
of made my mind up now as to what I want
to do pretty much from this wall onward
and then in the pipeline I'm also going
to clean up the main office and make
that a lot more pretty and have that as
a set in itself and then we've got the
live streaming room which is two sets
one with the brick wall and then one
with the soap but I've set myself out
here the middle as the set I'm happy
because I'm utilizing all the space yeah
at the same time I'm not messing about
I'm keeping all of the spaces and
utilizing them all in my opinion the
best way I can but if you guys are got
any better ideas please feel free to let
me know down in the comment section down
below so that is my plan for this
thousand plan for this after the live
Jimmy room is finished don't need to
check in the comment section what you
guys said gray or white in yesterday's
video also comment in this video too and
if you see a gray or white thumbs it
will pour down and then I'll know sweet
please don't tell me
however your honor tell me let me show
you a little secret right what you need
to do is get of a chicken and a double
cheeseburger this is only if you're
really hungry and haven't eaten anything
all day lift the plane double in half
take one bit of bread off the
matriculate put some of chicken with the
bottom bit of bread inside there and
then put on top and try that bad boy
honestly well but for now guys I
apologize I sided vlog at like 7 p.m.
because that's when I that's when I got
home back to Manchester Technology it's
now it's numbered night and all I've
been doing since then is the vlogging
really anyway guys money's when I like
you guys have been awesome I hope you're
all doing alright and I'll see you in
tomorrow's full-day vlog I love your
faces thank you so much for everything
adios
sound clock
