badly fractured motto I got up super
early this morning to go let the
builders in the office or the plaster
are in the office he's working in the
daytime today because the plaster
doesn't make any noise so he was there
at 9:00 a.m. this morning funnily enough
I was coming down these stairs and I
slipped and smashed my toe into this and
it bent it out and it hurts so much I've
had ice on it
I went to buy nurofen I'm all drugged up
on nurofen feeling a bit better I'm
going to suggest that his blog so I've
rested it up for like the last hour
let's go see what so let's go see what's
going on at the office I think it's done
fingers crossed now honestly you won't
believe me when I say this the toe just
was like not even pointing forward it
was like off to the side and I liked her
like didn't hurt at all and then I
clicked it back and it didn't hurt and
then five seconds later I was in agony
it's not it'll look like much but it's
this one and I've taped them together
with some electrical tape I'm on about
1,200 milligrams of power say tomorrow
and I have a pro fair and things like
that it's fine fine and I'm not a big
worse I've just gotta be careful of it
lights camera action it's all done
that's it it's all done it's all
plastered all this fits plastered all
the lights were ready to go in there
wait he's put those lights in that
socket is gonna sit up there in the roof
for one week this is so
this is what kid is done it's finished
Noah needs to be is painted and gonna
come up on the floor and then we start
the series and then we start recording
the series it's gonna be so fun doing
this wait a minute let me know what
color I should have the LEDs I'm not so
keen on blue what color should I do them
let me know they give the Builder a call
they said he was gonna try and sauce me
some off cuts of a carpet to put in
there obviously as I've said numerous
times to try and do this thing on a
budget so I'm not gonna get a proper
carpet in there I'm gonna get off cut
and then we'll get right quick question
white or gray the thing is why will make
the room look a lot bigger right will
make it feel Spacey but gray adds
characteristic and I like characteristic
I need to go and pack packing time oh no
I'm not gonna get this right anything
quick insight if you didn't realize what
we're doing we're driving down to
Manchester Elliot's here so Hialeah and
we're waiting on Jed he's driving down
separately excess to come back for work
tomorrow I'm picking up Maria and her
sister and we're driving to Manchester
that's Jed not today thank you
so Manchester John Bailey in concert
wicked hotel room that's all I can
really tell you two hour drive wonderful
American institution of going new places
and doing new things
how to go places in the family car 20
out of 23 he said the view is going to
be apparently exact we'll get free
drinks between 8 & 6 & 8 but we're not
even there mate
yes may just go up yeah absolutely
brilliant mate thank you very much
that's Manchester right
Oh wine that's crazy
the time lapse is those so we made it
into the hotel room we're here the views
amazing but we can't stay for too long
and I can't do any time lapses because
we need to go and get some food
I have been defeated by the burger I
can't finish it there's no way there's
no chance in hell well can't they can't
they can't cope can't deal too much food
I'm now really far housekeeping so let
me give you a quick tour around at this
hotel room right it's not the biggest
but that wasn't the point in there's
getting this it was it was mainly for
the view which I'll show you around guy
said about the views like in one word
Elliot go go there you go that is the
view that we've just got from here it's
now sunset the Sun is setting just over
there and that is the view this is
Manchester right now this is the view
for the afternoon at Manchester's mad
and honestly this brains over there it's
all it's all going down with all the
laptops out we've got drinks everywhere
and then the only other room in this
room in this hotel room is is the
bathrooms which it's a wait guys did you
see that why if you see my hand on there
wow that's straight always weird guys
I'm not a fan of that so this evening we
are all the real immersion room hunters
it is because of John belly we're here
to see the John belly and we're here for
the John Melancon survey to see him it's
at half past seven there's a support
axon and we realized that this support
actually gonna be probably playing for
an hour so we're not going to sell just
yet however we need to think about all
ringing uber to this concert if you guys
don't know John Bell ian has been like a
massive musical genius in the last half
a year we say half of you three quarters
of you I'm not gonna take my camera cuz
they won't let me in but I'm gonna try
and get some video on my phone I don't
think a GoPro be very good in the low
light that's gonna be in there so
hopefully my iPhone 7 can pull through
you ready we'll find out now
there's a lot going on in the world
right now there's a ton of stuff
this generation including this video
guys generation doesn't really know what
something
Twitter feeds or instagrams their line
zero one reasoning is why they need you
to be afraid of your fellow neighbor
they need to be a pretty somebody they
look differently than you
