a lot of Regina to finish the job
mr. Java hey guns good afternoon how are
you all doing my name is of course Alex
I've just had a coffee about half an
hour ago so I'm feeling the effect of
that right now that's right outside its
window oh dear outside this window I've
just been well I've been the last till
morning finishing up what I was doing
yesterday evening and I'm done almost
issues are installed old more money
issues are installed on the roof so I
can be my internet over to my neighbor's
house of two new clients that I'm that
I'm installing I've also for the third
time factory reset this laptop and now
the math is working
I did a software update and the mouse
was really slow when I was using it so I
was there a bit like anyone else to go
into settings and change the mouse we
put it on full and it just didn't change
anything I looked online few other
people having the same issues they were
saying reset what's called the SMC
controller I did that I did nothing next
thing was reset the laptop fully wipe it
did that and then restored it from a
backup there's nothing instead of
backing it up I've just backed up all my
files individually wipe the laptop
reinstall the hardware put all my files
back on it manually and now it's working
yes it's working great but not something
I'd expect when I spent that much on a
machine that I need on the daily to do
these videos right let's go and sort out
my attire
I'll sign the carpod be along the
traffic is parked about about the work
of the board for the shops open hey I
did yeah it is good for nothing then all
this brilliant right it's kind of like
11:00 isn't it inner innocence I've got
I love them as well and a lot of little
around appreciate any worries
so you boots absolutely love this store
so this apparently is all just come in
this is good stuff and this is all 11
degrees by audio and a fair bit of a
loving I'm doing this copy and Jed and
then I do this black tea here and about
a few more t-shirts and a nice jacket
behind fashioned something out for a
while yes oh I bet even though my
microphones working on are that even
though the camera above the electrics
get acknowledged and the microphone
snapped off the microphone snapped off
the top of the camera and the lens has
got a big dent in it in the cover didn't
turn on for five minutes and now it
turns on I hope it works
oh hello I need to fix this microphone I
don't really know what to do I was going
to try and glue this microphone back
together but it the mount is like
sheared off it look at this that wait
for this this is what happens every day
at 6 o'clock I think it's it's lagging a
bit because if I go on snap try it like
this
let's see if I get a phone call answer
it you've just seen the vlog you didn't
expect that yeah I told you I was
answering phone calls now I Sam can you
hear me now
now I'm so annoyed I was record I was
recording when I fell off the skateboard
and smashed the microphone but obviously
the camera smashed on the floor and
turned itself off cinephiles corrupts it
won't open
I love the shame I can't put it on the
internet so everybody can make fun of me
she's gonna be the first time I get to
whack out a brand new unboxing knife to
actually wait do I even need it now I
don't need it but I could use it to the
first time Wow okay so this is something
mad I'm going to put this on top of my
house and just mess about with it again
I'm a networking freak it gives us Wi-Fi
really powerful Wi-Fi and you can put it
outside I'm going to put it over the
house and just to give you a little bit
of insight
please don't climb when you rooves at
home kids but this little thing does my
close range neighbors and then this dish
shoots off to a house that's about two
miles away and give them Internet as you
can see that house has a dish on it they
get internet from me as a house over
there the little addition it has over
there and a house over them and I'm
doing two more houses over there
first looking super neat there we go
fix the microphone sweet as blue Indus
teaching myself cooking even even though
this is a pre board meal but it's meant
to be very healthy and I'm liking the
healthy lifestyle so they feel a bit
though I'm always like trying to go
healthy and then I'll just ruin it with
a mad Donald but only house maybe like
what my dental dirt a week or something
just when I'm like I don't have time to
cook but like almost some noodles are
looking three days I'm really enjoying
cooking I think I probably enjoys the
foods that I just cooked myself a little
bit too much I'm kind of a little bit
impressed of myself I've never been the
best cook and I'm trying to get back
throughout it and that was gorgeous and
now well the thing is going to be
gorgeous it walks inside here I don't
know I don't know what it is yet but
we're going to find out right now I've
got a feeling that it's something for
this and slipper ups that they were
going to send something out and it was
something for this and they were like
you're going to love it
if you like retro things retro so it's
going to be something retro for this I
mean I don't think it's for the matte
look it's not going to fit anyway I'm so
pumped for this I've always wanted on
this like I've had I've had like really
cool cases this was like a limited
edition only 17 of these made in the
world that's wood that is wood and then
I have some designer cases all they've
got sent to me that was worth like 117
pounds or something ridiculous
never spent that much on a case it's the
most stupid thing ever but let's see
what we're going out of here because I
think I may be going tasteless for a
while oh by the way check this out look
yes the mouse is working again good
wicked sound rappelled for wasting my
whole morning reinstalling the laptop I
appreciate it I definitely didn't need
that morning to edit some client photos
but it's fine as long as it's working a
lot because it's working now right let's
see what we're playing with thereby
isn't going to fit
my phone it just looks like useful
that's and that's amazing
but I don't think is it going to fit on
my phone it looks like it's for an
iPhone 6 plus or 6s plus that's amazing
though man Ivan saw this thing this
looks fun this was I like it I wonder if
we can put the case on it as well too
because I still like my case is that
good
oh it's gonna work this is you look so
good if I can put it on right a few
moments later now you miss me
the hairdryer
oh my god that looks insane Oh nah that
looks amazing look at that look at my
son vitamins that has got to be the best
lip crap I've ever used look at that the
DS little putting the light then even on
the front as well it looks wicked give
it a quick clean down so it's looking so
it's looking nice and sweet and shiny
and then what you want to do is have it
next to these lights because I like
retro lights aren't they look at that it
genuinely does it look so retro as well
and then from the front look at okay
guys that's one of the shirts on the
jacket the reflective jacket what do you
think looking good or not be honest
please people always find something to
pick on before I'm kind of used to it
now he's fine three as I love it I'm
going to put these clothes through the
wash I'll do that tonight because I want
to take them down to Manchester tomorrow
by the way I've got an insane hotel room
booked I think I've tried to put the
best hotel room I can look at look I've
just myself up and my phone today that's
amazing right guys I'm going to cut
today's vlog short right now my name is
Ben Alex you guys have been awesome guys
stay awesome keep smiling I'll catch you
in tomorrow's vlog adios
me
