morning guys are you doing
I looked online and it said 5:30 it's
only 12 o'clock
oxygen is where I go to get like the
majority of my clothes and I want it's
gonna buy some new clothes
Ricki oh no it's so hot in this room
it's so so hot in this room that's gonna
be a problem in this summer today's been
a little bit of a breakthrough really I
want to write this date down because
today is Sunday today
I checked online the shop said it was
open until 5:30 he's nowhere near 5:30
I've been it's closed nothing I can do
about it but I wanted to do is go buy
some more clothes and some new shoes
because Donna real it's the first day of
2017 but I put shorts on quick inside
tip Jordans the shoes that I usually
wear don't work very well with shorts do
these were my only option tomorrow I'm
gonna go do a bit of shopping I think
it'll do for now so happy Sunday
everybody hopefully everybody is having
a good day yesterday I came out of the
office all smiles because we installed
the LEDs in there they look absolutely
phenomenal but I'm gonna have to look
into some sort of air conditioning
system because it's boiling in that room
it's 23 degrees today mad however
today's the day I'm clean I need to
clean this stuff up man it's driving me
nuts
so Sunday usually get uptight loads of
manic stuff like Royce installing LEDs
and installing LEDs flying drones racing
go-carts I don't get a chance to sit
down with you guys and have a good old
catch-up of a chat gonna catch up a bit
of a chat catch up with a chat sorted so
how y'all doing anyway let me know in
the comments section down down below
whoa hi Alex I thought you needed a new
unboxing knife here you go from DJ Danny
Grimshaw Dan Grimshaw vasus a sick knife
though wicked Danny groom shot appeared
at UK thank you for the knife I
appreciate it so what I do is just
answer a few questions out in the
comment section recently I'll have a
little bit of it a little bit of a
comment section read I suppose I so
sharp I'm sure that I'll do so comment
so comment I've been saying a lot right
is Alex why are they taking so long to
plaster the room why is this taking so
long why is that taking so long
right and I thought I'd covered this but
obviously I haven't so this room money
room yeah it's still pretty much in
pieces it's a like half plastered three
quarters of the way plastered so why is
it taking so long
well you guys can evidently see this you
can evident you can evidently see that I
let the builders in this office in this
vlog about two or three times a week
three times at most and that is the only
time I let them in the office they're
only here three times a week from
probably 6 p.m. till about 9:00 p.m. and
I've said this before but obviously it
must have gone one here without the
other they can't work in the daytime
because they make too much noise and
therefore these are people and the
offices will get a noise so they have to
work sure hours in the evenings and they
usually come Tuesdays and Thursdays this
this is taking so long nothing I can do
about it it's so sharp we put her down
for I hurt myself another question Alex
where do you get in your car fixed well
there's two question
is whenever I can I've got the quote
here and I'm just gonna take the card
and get it done when I can um I leave my
car a lot in the next week's I've got a
lot of driving to do so probably gonna
do it the week after next is the answer
to that question another question Alex
are you starting up a new company so the
keen eyes of you will have noticed that
on my productivity board in my bedroom
I've got like a whiteboard where I write
a load of quotes that you guys tell me
and I've also got like some personal
info on bad things that I need to do
throughout the day and things that keep
me on track telling me I need to go in
the gym and get these vlogs done and
things there's been a few things on
there but if read in a certain way would
indicate that I'm starting up a new
company that does like raps for your
phones and stuff and no I'm not doing
that I'm not starting up a new company
at all but I'm working very closely with
another company very very closely so
there should be some exciting things
come in in the future but it's not
really anything I can talk about just
yet
Alex how have you controlled the cheap
20 pound eBay LEDs from a wall switch
well these cheap 20 pound LEDs they plug
into a block socket don't name right it
don't take much power and they're very
low voltage so legally you can do this
if you come through here into the secret
room over here there's a socket there
looks like it there but pretty much
these two sockets are controlled by that
switch so when you turn the switch on it
sends power to these it looks like it's
that in then turn turns on the LEDs and
voila it's as simple as that so in so in
turn hopefully by the end of this week
this room should be plastered and being
ready for paint it that is the plan with
a little bit of luck guy in a red Ford
has just driven down here and chucked
his McDonald's out the window absolutely
vile creature
so just change shirt I was getting
really sweaty
work up I'll show you guys a little bit
later what I'm doing up there because
all you guys said he was very interested
in like my work and stuff and what I'm
doing and trying how I'm trying to earn
loads of money in stuffs but I've hit a
bit of a bump in the road Maria for the
last few days has been wanting me to go
around and speak to her I haven't I've
been really busy I haven't had time but
I'm gonna I'm gonna go around now and
I've got a bit of free time and see here
for a bit and then and then come back
I'm not taking my camera so I'm back and
it's dark what are you doing up here
what's going what are you doing I'm
actually taking on a few more clients
I've got a few more people that want
Internet and they wanted it superfast
there what in my highest package which
is 30 megabits a second of courtly got
three cables going to the roof to three
different dishes and it's add one more
day one more dish to the roof
accumulated for all this high-speed the
many many clients ones I'm running new
cables Oh somebody's just arrived hey
Jay all right I'm gonna sleep on my work
for now I stayed a little bit longer
than I should have really at Maria's
house and now you're feeling cheeky Jay
I'm feeling like a bit presser oh my god
you can leave your camera there earlier
but as long as you accept this
possibility that vertical mark I'm gonna
tip but it C cool you behave let's go
yeah it's a bit like being shaken
it's a bit busy oh it's a bit busier now
you get really upset when you come in
this
why the you lyin why you always
lying oh my god you lyin
it's definitely 11 o'clock we look tell
you on Nando's Sunday hours and I've
been closing soon 11 p.m. yeah
Plan B Jay are you feeling a little bit
Domino's I'm gonna pay for it because
it's Jordans birthday I'll see you on
Tuesday G have a good holiday I'll see
you soon no worries mates in a bit like
I was saying this evening / Monday
morning has been a massive job for me
running cables getting ready for putting
another dish on the roof it's pretty
much what I'm trying to say so we can
get some more internet people set up to
take Internet from this house as I
mentioned I've got two more clients
coming up in the pipeline who want 30
Meg a second to their house which is the
highest package I offer so I need to
upgrade some of my equipment it's like
2:30 in the morning I'm gonna have to
leave that to another day I'm sweating
to shows that I've been working hard
which is good I like that guys I'm gonna
end today's vlog here I'm shattered I'm
going to bed I need to stop for a second
because I'm just working too much
gotta be up in the morning and finish I
was hoping he'd be finished tonight but
I'm just not I'm just not gonna get
finished need to stop and just go to bed
so carry on in the morning - Ben I likes
you guys been awesome guys stay awesome
keep smiling work hard I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog adios
