morning guys
how we all doing my name is of course
Alex and I was out in town last night I
don't usually go out and drink but I
went out and drunk and I had a awesome
time really enjoyed it had a catch up
with a few old friends that would come
back from university it was really fun
it's now 11:00 a.m. check this out
so weather today it was going on down
there it's absolutely manic I've come up
with just a t-shirt on and I should have
our shorts on as well it's honestly
really really hot right now I'm going to
get myself together today today I've
said to myself I need to sort myself out
and that's what I'm going to do but
first it's Jordans early birthday one of
his friends is organized us to go do a
little something fun and I've been
invited and I'm 15 minutes late
let's go against the Jordan friend who's
organized all of this as told Jordan I
can't make it because I'm ill so we're
going to surprise him milla milla milla
Toby use pocket calling me Toby
hello pocket call you could you have
chosen a karting place anymore further
away than where we live Giorgio's that I
need to feed you about this evening
because it's awesome surprise okay so
this is the cause got a GoPro I've got
the snapchats bags I don't know how
we're going to do this angry happy happy
early happy birthday what are you not on
your head
we've got an extra seat so I have to
wear there wait a minute it's definitely
not a non-contact sport but this is
definitely I'm gonna pull so much
without sounding too rude bang into you
here we go hey I can tell it's gonna be
good on it
I suppose we have right
stuff was really really fun a lot more
fun than I even thought it would be Luke
you've got the buzzes laughs I think
you've got the fastest laps because then
Alex and me it's going to feel so weird
driving a real car now
oh no I can't quite deal with it strange
no power steering in there and then
everything's automated in here I didn't
think that was going to be as fun as it
was
that was amazing I'd recommend anybody
to go karting that was really cool
okay so Jordan doesn't know that me and
Luca here now are you doing challenge oh
I need to go discredit any have a good
afternoon and I'll come back and see you
later
oh right set yesterday's video this week
yeah bro what's going on you want to see
all my games on my shelf we have to like
million gone what what you mean to share
with yesterday yeah but you've actually
started to use it already wicked put
your LEDs on controller slid on the wall
I felt bro anything I'm sick that's
amazing just been a brilliant job wait
man you go okay yeah my very best
account Nate you've outdone yourself
that's amazing good job this room
looking really cool now mate this is
wicked
right so unfortunately I need to do this
now I didn't want to do it now but I'm
just a little bit worried that if I do
it when the walls are painted
I might make a mess so it's probably a
better idea for me to do this while the
walls are just plastered but not painted
I'm not going to tell you guys what I'm
doing you're gonna have to watch and
figure out for yourselves
nothing it looks like if this works
please come work please work turn off
the main lights three two one oh wow wow
I'm so good that is insane you can't
even see the LED strips it's just like a
glow of light and then it just works
when you turn this light switch
oh wow and I can have whatever color I
want imagine sat here gaming with that
with the screen on there it's so unbent
says if you can come across good on the
camera look at it it's so nice oh my day
oh if it's like 11 p.m. it's taking me
two hours to do this you can't see any
cables Kazi any le this has got to be
the best the best LED installation I've
done all for 2020 quick 20 pounds of
them this boss mad and not with the
Rings or painted you can even put these
lights on and then just dim them down
all the way so this is nice and oh wow
I'm so happy with myself I've mad you
got you guys have the best ideas ever
I'm done for the night
I'm done I'm done three guides all home
now today has been super super super fun
going karting for like a sort of early
birthday surprise for Jordan which was
organized by Elliot and then I drove
back to Jordan's house and surprised him
we thought that he thought that he was
going to be going out for a meal with
his mum but in fact there was a party in
his garden so I stayed there so that
flew the drone came back and saw my
brother and he put all these games on
that and then we've installed the
awesome LEDs in the office they look
amazing they look like better than I
thought they would I love the fact that
with LEDs right if you physically can't
see the LED strip but you can see the
glow of light you're on to a winner they
look absolutely amazing and again simple
fact that I can come into the room and
not fumble about with any silly little
remotes I can actually turn them on with
a switch on the wall at the proper
switch that's on the wall next to the
dimmer switch for the lights just blows
my mind even further we've really
thought about this like we've gone above
and beyond it's going to be insane
anyway guys I'm going to go ahead and
end my Saturday here my name is Ben Alex
you guys have been off ice sales and
keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog adios
