yeah bro what'd you do McCarl compound
for wood is that our plan for today my
friend is that what we're doing yeah
that's a part three let's go what is
that little breathing hole is that
they're clean I'm SEO articles offices
is it messy you think I should clean it
yeah wait a minute wait a minute Jacob
you haven't seen the new room huh be up
here Drac and you can climb up please
don't fall asleep yeah now call that
yeah yeah you do like it's milky yeah
he's been watching the videos when it's
done run complete some games yeah well
we go yeah right and very lots of time
we said you wanted to do something want
to put a shelf up yeah some change
that's what you wanted isn't it yeah
right should we do that
finish have got any wood line about I
might do this is a cycle woods within
each acre if you come here I'll show you
what one thing we're going to do tell me
cuz I did but I took that put it on the
wall like that and then put the chain
from there upon the wall at that so it
stays up yeah sound good so what is
going to kind of look like is that table
right see that one now with the chains
going up for like a mini version is that
what you want to put any games on P
gaming room
yeah already good it I've already done
it over there but that was a year ago
and it all fell down at one point and
all my coffee spill everywhere but that
was over a year ago
I fixed it now I think we can do it for
your games in your playroom yeah
anyway s please fall down so ready
master kit it's not going to fall down
bro knuckle-touch it's just in a box so
do nothing will won't lose anything so
who cares if it does let's do this
they're gonna work yeah JB what we need
what we're needing my friend is a little
bracket to hold to hold it onto the wall
we could use hinges
okay hinges hinges are what you put on a
door so the door swings open do you know
I mean now angels yeah right all of
these are hinges so should we get some
really cheap one I spy with my little
eye some tiny hinges Jacob do you have
the good
over and out you almost think the link
to my video I was gonna say there you go
you watching tonight what's going on
that Jacob did you hear what that girl
said in the shop she was like my mum
sent me a video and I was in it what the
heck is it oh there we go I'm now got
three tickets to John belly in I'm going
to see John belly in on Tuesday
Manchester and I can't wait it's gonna
be amazing me Jed Elliot I'm so so good
for this that is going to be fun if you
go to write a Manchester I'm gonna be
there on Tuesday I'll meet up with you
you know they help you know the Hilton
in Manchester the massive skyscraper
hotel thing the big glass Hilton I've
got a room on Tuesday night right at the
top of that right at the top of that
after this man after this John belly I'm
good on Tuesday it's gonna be mad let's
go try and put this shelf up I've done
things like this in the office before
and it's been a really really really
messy job I'm gonna try I'm going to try
and do this one a little bit better than
that
make it look a little bit more clean so
it may as well get to work
there we go for items one of those two
brother you ready yeah do it no no do
anything right you take that pen what
we're going to do is I'm going to put
this on the wall where you want it to be
and then what you've got to do is you've
got to about that okay although a bit
lower like that I reckon we'll do it
here but was it here on this line here
so what you need to do now all right
yeah put a little dart in those two
holes just there cuz if you can lift it
up now on the wall with the hinges right
ready three two one actually works cool
when I put it down then we put some
chains on it hold it up alright Jigga's
got some healthy friends here they were
all doing this now putting the shelves
popping Jacobs room so if we get a chain
we'll talk about there Drakken if we do
it on a little face and put a little bit
on its side yeah so all that work yeah
oh yeah right hold it there right ready
all right let go wow look at that with
the one thing on his hello
yes yeah to come leave the cabinet
perfect as of that Jake what do you say
I think it's good yes this is the point
Jakob where you put your games on and
they all fall down I hope I've done a
good job doing it yeah you sure sweet
young guys don't that remember that is
absolutely loving it I started recording
today's vlog really really late because
I was well it took me about 3 and a half
hours to edit the main channel video
which by the way the main channel video
yesterday and it also took me like two
and a half hours to edit the vlog and
open to home base of a brotherhood of
infidel face to get the to get the table
and stuff it's been manic and this is
what I'm saying
if I'm doing a main Channel video I'm
going to have it so that I'm not
blogging so if I'm loading a main
channel video let's say on a Friday
there won't be a vlog on a Friday
so the via video every day but one of
them might be a main channel I haven't
done this in a while and I definitely
need to go to the post office because
they've run me about four times this
week after me to go and pick it up
apparently it's overflowing and I still
got all of these you guys are insane
tomatoes a chicken and a beer I'm going
out later I used to go out a lot and
then I've stopped going out a lot and
now I kind of mythix all my friends have
darted off a lot we were going up to
leave and over the Uni Toby as I
mentioned in the other blog has just got
a brand new job people have starting off
all my friends to each other into the
country and if this part in my life I'm
19 years old right now
where everybody either is going
somewhere to learn something or is
getting a job and there's people like me
who stay put and do freelance stuff for
instance Jed he's staying put and doing
freelance exactly like me but tonight
Friday night all of my friends well most
of them are good five or six of them are
coming back home and we're all going out
it's going to be really really fun so
I'm super looking forward to it
so yeah I'm super super super happy
about that and I'm also super super
happy about these how much doing one of
these peer box openings in a while and I
really haven't what good old dog thing
what I'm thinking of doing a room in the
efficient Oh in the new room having like
a wall full of fan art I think a bit
that's immense look at that was insane
Mars bar Alex hashtag love you vlog Alex
have been watching a vlog since you
started building the gaming den I found
it really really cool man thank you
that's wicked I am going to do this wall
I think because I didn't have it on my
door I'm going to have a fan art wall in
the new room in the office hold me to
that
ah I so cute hahahaha mashallah America
37 framed photos boom oh my god my heart
Phoebe thank you very much for the
picture I really appreciate it thank you
so much few months ago you added me back
on snapchat and then I got to meet you
last month and it's topped it you
inspire me every day with your vlogs and
I notice I use all your techniques in my
videos without purposely doing I
appreciate you also plan to my snapchat
and I love chatting with you I love all
your videos especially watching your
first episode series in your channel I
hope you like the picture I've got the
same one in my room keep up the good
work
you're inspiring so many of us on a
daily basis this is got to go it's got
to go over here this is an old one but
those are pictures of me and said
congratulations for 4,000 subscribers
work hard anyway my name is William and
I've been watching the videos for a
while and I love your blogs videos so
much I especially loved your Australian
and New Zealand ones I actually live in
Australia myself William so I'm gonna
have to I'm gonna have to put this stuff
up in the office we do a lot of things
in a quick succession
this laptop it's look how slow the mouse
moves it's so slow and I'm using the
whole pallet turn at the tracking speed
yet the tracking speed is on full and it
still does the same thing I've wiped the
laptop Alpha reset the laptop I've reset
the SMC whatever that eyes of Google's
loads of things I've done everything
that I can find on the internet
genuinely don't know what to do get the
clerk close to the Apple stores his
Manchester and I'm going to Manchester
on Tuesday so I may take it back then
well guys I am all out right now so wish
me wish me some luck guys I'm just going
to go out like this because my ride is
here and unless you didn't have time to
change it for anything else so - Ben
Alex you guys have been awesome hey
you've enjoyed today's quickfire blog
and I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog I'm
going karting tomorrow
remember
