groaning guys how are you all doing good
but I didn't grow anyway guys how are
you all doing it my name is of course
Alex I've got a shower just yet we've
got something I need to do this morning
I'm planning on going in the gym after
I've done this one thing so I'm not
gonna shout out your all right
let's go do this one thing will be done
in victory 50 minutes probably about
five seconds to you guys
there we go never placed my broken legs
I'm going back now and stop today
oh my god the worst thing and best thing
has just happened to me I've almost been
in tears right so I'm very rarely
include me editing these vlogs in the
vlog well I keep that kind of separate
the work that I do to make this a
reality on YouTube other than picking up
a camera I kind of keep a little bit
private but I just started editing
yesterday's vlog right and I've made
this like sick dropping stuff look at
this right when I'm gonna play it that
sick drumbeat to it in there was loads
of clips in slow mo and then premiere
just goes media offline is if it can't
find the clips so look at my desktop and
surely enough while I'm start here
editing they've just vanished
they've just vanished look promo you
can't find I usually import my clips to
my computer in the evening then put the
card back in this camera and format it
to start the next vlog but a miracle
happened last night this card that's
currently in my computer right I
imported everything taking the card out
of the computer
tried to physically put the card back in
this camera but the corner of this
memory card chipped off and it wouldn't
let me put it back in the camera so I
put in a different memory card a spare
memory card I had and that's what I'm
using now so I never formatted the card
all the clips are still on here oh my
god a miracle it's a literal miracle
look I've been downloading programs like
recuva to try to try and recover deleted
files I don't know where they went
oh my god this lens is mad now the main
reason I wanted to pick up this lens is
because I've got a main channel video to
shoot today I'm so driven right now and
I want to get but I want to get back on
the main channel let's do let's do my
top 5 setups it hello testing testing
testing microphone 1 2 3
before I go ahead and do this video I
need to sort my hair out and that means
I need a shower and if I'm having a
shower that means I need to go in the
gym hey guys I never really talked about
this but this is so much I'm curling at
the moment I mean it's doing this today
this is like brand new to me I usually
don't do this much but this is to the
bars 10 and then there's 5 plus 5 which
makes it 20 and then there's 10 left
side which makes it 30 and then 10
minute sides it makes it 40 if I can do
4 sets as head of this I'll be very
interested myself 3 2 1
interrupting my gym session Billy how
you doing mate
main title video all filmed you spin
yeah just beyond that such can I go that
bro I'll leave the back door open fear
cheers guys this stuff in there
and now back home I'm going to try and
do today this evening I've set myself
the task right I've been to Lincoln
today to pick up a lens I've recorded a
main Channel video this evening I've got
record some tech slow stuff and then I'm
going to try and dissect a Macbook whoa
let's roll MacBook dissection that it is
gonna go well or not I'm kind of scared
Oh give them
that's a battery I got me a whole button
was like a keyboard are you ready for
this or no if you break my MacBook for
the record if he breaks my MacBook this
is the deal right this he broke this
MacBook right here he's either going to
give me this one
brand new oh the old 1520 is guaranteed
here we go Charlie area for this is it
upside down I'm gonna pull that down and
put it on arrow
so it's all played I haven't got like
one screwing the bottom of it I'm 22 by
like a pack of screws on any back yeah
yeah you ready it's actually works by my
kid yeah my job please okay with a
little letter blog and people are going
to pick it to look real it was a very
efficient not now it was that bit when I
was like of a boyfriend at the door it
was clearly a joke and then I would
break what other anymore but we were
like I would go for girlfriends and then
when I did the video tell that and
everybody know that I broke up with
Maria
there was comments saying he's
definitely broke up with Maria Jordan oh
wow wow the people really think I swing
that way
well then quick well it's a while
already is turned on now
Alec hell yeah Emma is a dissect and
repair a MacBook Pro battery look at the
old wall no like I'm sitting it a shot
I'm surprised as hell oh my god but
seriously that's mad that it's good
enough the laptop literally said on the
operating system battery needs replacing
with an exclamation mark and then we
take it out and it's in that condition
oh wait okay okay we all gonna die yeah
yeah
oh is that denied them now I've got one
more right okay do not my music on in
to tune to be fair my windows open we
need to have a look at what they've done
guys we need to have a look and see
what's been doing in the office so money
to fix Jed's Matt book not a hundred
percent sure how the battery was
absolutely destroyed and I'm surprised
that things to work we'd assembled it
without our bare hands looking at like a
guide on the phone put a new battery in
and it came to life all about battery
not from a genuine Apple place but like
from somewhere in China absolutely mad
but let's take a look up here it's
literally all plastered I said from this
roof bit but like all of this is all
this wall in here and all of that wall
is down there and then that walls lasted
and they're not but is two minutes you
didn't steal the flooring down here but
that is now all level I imagine when it
is all painted and they're all sitting
flush in there it's gonna look so good
he's only got this bit less to do and
that guys we've done this we have done
this and it's amazing absolutely insane
we still need to get the Box mill in
there but that is coming in due course
it's absolutely wicked it's come along
leaps and bounds Oh guys if I George is
chilling today I've had such a chill day
and I think of I think I've really
needed it a lot I think I just really
have needed to just have a chill day
film the main Channel video I've been in
the gym I've been all the way to Lincoln
to pick up my lens of dismantled a map
book and replaced its battery and I'm
also doing a vlog oh nice by the way
I've had a lot of questions Alex how you
doing URI how you feeling what's going
down yeah I'm absolutely fine obviously
I'm a little bit tender and I'm a little
bit like still sore and I'm obviously
very upset and I've never ever felt
anything like this before in my entire
life I'm absolutely livid is the word to
describe it I'm absolutely distraught
and like loads of people haven't watched
my vlogs and especially friends as does
the Alex you look like you're doing
great job mate keep it up watch the
vlogs you look very happy and yeah
obviously I'm still carrying on I'm
still glad I'm not gonna let stupid
things get in the way of my grind but I
am a human you know I've got a heart and
and it has like tears have been shed put
it that way as I told you guys I've got
that paintbrush in my hand and I'm
slashing green all over the place the
live streaming room is looking awesome
by the way I'm so happy with that this
matte book is absolutely terrible right
I'm gonna put my fingerprint on there
and lock it right okay and then look how
slow let me turn the brightness up can
you guys see that where's the mouse
there it is look how slow the mouse
moves right and even when I'll go to
settings and I go to trackpad and then
look it's on slow right tracking speed
is on slow there even when I turn it up
right it doesn't go any faster it goes
faster for a set look but I'm moving my
finger back and forth on there and it's
barely moving it even if I put it down
all the way to slow it still moves the
same amount
I just don't expect that at all this
machine isn't cheap I just don't expect
that it happened when I upgraded to the
new software earlier and then ever since
then rubbish I'm gonna head to bed guys
got to get up and rerecord this main
channel video in the morning super
pumped to do that and we'll get up to
some good some cool stuff
tomorrow I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog ready oh yeah
Oh
