I mean yeah hey guys good morning how
are you all doing my name is of course
Alex and I'm feeling a lot better I want
to just only just a little bit of like a
global thank you to everybody that
supported me over like the last 24 hours
it's gone such a long way and I really
appreciate that it's really helped me
out a lot of you a lot of you guys are
saying Alex just take a quick break
don't pick up the camera tomorrow don't
record a vlog just chill out take some
time to reflect and just have some time
to yourself I made a promise to you guys
but I wouldn't let this change anything
I've ever told you guys before life is a
timeline that's always moving and it
never stops don't paint this portion of
your timeline to be red painted green
red is bad Green is good you have the
choice of what paper if you have in your
hand with what color is on that
paintbrush oh and also don't sweat the
small stuff and it's all small stir I'm
sure if I'd been smart actually to make
you tomorrow yeah
okay thank you long will you get your
glove now
do you guys know Toby right he's become
to mine like every Friday every Friday
no no every Sunday night you come to my
house because if they play League of
Legends that now happens no more there's
one reason for that that one reason Toby
now works here it's super cool pretty
much what he does is he sells houses he
works in an estate agent which is
absolutely wicked and I told you guys a
couple months back and fully enough
someone commented on yesterday's vlog
talking about this saying Alex what
happened to the apartment unfortunately
someone bought the apartment that I was
looking at before I even had a chance to
go and look around it there is a little
meeting with Toby he's going to keep his
eye out with some cool apartments and
then let me know and then what we can do
is like build the ultimate the ultimate
smart apartment or something and make it
absolutely would yeah check it out they
told me bit within your means kid I
don't know what that means man answering
bitch I walk into this room it's just
like a massive mess okay I said I didn't
want to clean it but there's a slight
difference between cleaning and just try
to tidy it a bit but I'm being honest
with myself and do you guys at this
point this just isn't a productive
workspace come on Alex you can do better
than this my friend and get you out
together sort yourself out
check it out it means everything you
mean by the way massive shower again to
Philip for making that button that I
installed in the desk I really I really
like people that are inventive and make
things Thank You Philip you told me
everything you mean kid I don't know
what that means man answering clear have
absolutely no idea what these are or
this is I got this yesterday that is a
Macbook battery for a MacBook I know Jim
said sure what Jed has done to his
laptop but when I gave it to him or when
he bought my old Mac off me this is a
while but the 13 inch monitor each mic I
sold it to Jed ages ago he had it for a
few months and then like a warning
symbol came on and now we can't use the
laptop without plugging it in so I
bought him a new battery because I'm a
good friend so try and stall that for
him without breaking about breaking his
laptop into too many pieces I really
need to invest into a knife I'm just
going to buy a knife apparently you
can't buy knife online now go to a shop
and get one who is not really a
Nachtmusik smart sleep light of my why
this actually looks really cool this
coach is sleeves and this is exactly
what I need in my life right now all
asleep easily with soothing light and
sound wake up to a smart alarm to wake
you up naturally that's pretty cool
right
I didn't really laughing it this'll last
thing that low sleeping is currently
updating itself warning this package
contains lithium ion or cells in the
batteries this package must be handled
with care and is very flammable
give the keys with water last baby hit
the nest get a pretty face huh whoa
things are arriving thinking really
happy why is it because presentation
Cybertron happens a man what is going on
sighs Oh cheer me up a bit guys is this
wicked why is it it also required power
we judge it on the drop ready a bit
weird but what is my life I've just
tidied up my office well kinda started
it
now well some weird looking speaker
thing on the desk and then sleep fly
over here what what is my life like you
hold that down there
and then it starts playing waves why I'm
not sure first pretty cool ramen ramen
and mad rush I'm gonna leave this like
this now because the reason jab at home
real quick from the office and another
sandbox a load of stuff at the office
and I hover the head chance to play with
Ickx have had to come home it's because
I got up super super late today I didn't
get to bed till about 4:30 a.m. last
night because I couldn't sleep and I
think a fair majority of you been to
understand why I couldn't sleep last
night then I really needs to come home
is because if you look at this I've
still got yesterday's vlog to edit and
it needs to go live in like two and a
half hours so
there we go it's all edited uploaded and
it's already live other some snapshots
about it that is my like well daily
routine edit yesterday's vlog snapchat
about it and then upload it no all the
way around upload it then it goes live
then a snapchat yeah that's it you know
are you doing wrong right Elliot has
just phoned me and he said Alex my new
toys arrived come round so I'm going to
go round and I'm also I'm also going to
take my toy I should probably give you a
little bit of a hint as to as to what
Elliot's toys may look at that sunset
like that's amazing bring her over then
we'll have you got your the vlog what
have you bought up today I'm still
breaking it a little bit just so fast
and how it is a big unit I need to get
my now-ish gum that's a shooter
the ways in the in Taiwan to get a
little bit more confident first fluid I
was literally breaking it in my back
garden like yes it wasn't it wasn't nice
alright well I'll come on fly you again
teach the monster whoo that make a fly
I'll see you soon Oh wha hey I was
totally also going out for a fly with
Elliot I'm really happy the either he's
joined the inspire one crew and he's now
part of the part of the team what I need
to do is try and link up both of these
controllers because what you can do is
you can have a cameraman just control
the camera on the drone via this remote
here and then with this remote what you
can do is just a pilot the drone so you
can have a cat a cameraman just
controlling the camera with that con and
these controls like 100 pounds each and
obviously I've crashed my first inspire
so I have a spare one of these here so
I'm gonna try and link them and then
maybe get a friend to try and do some
camera work whilst I sigh the drone or
vice versa that should be really cool
but I've got a plan for this evening
I've set myself a mission and it's
really cool I need a 35 millimeter lens
a lighter and a spray can don't try this
at home put the boys in the car right
this is the plan please don't try this
at home okay so in my pocket that's my
keys I've got I won't told you guys
we've got a lighter an aerosol can right
and we've got a tripod and a nice lens
so what we're going to do is put this
nice lens on this camera and it's going
to focus it for me I'm going to stand in
the shop with the street blurred out on
the background hold this like that and
press it down whilst the flame is
ignited on this lighter it will burst
out a jet of flames look really cool
with very dangerous don't try this at
home and hopefully I can do an infinite
loop photo on it that's the plan
infinite loop so check my Instagram it
should be done soon if this goes to plan
you ready oh yeah New Energy
let's do it right punching a my own
focus yeah
now ready recording yeah how do you tell
if they're gone give it a shot yeah I
mean yeah yes have a look at it do you
think guys these are absolutely amazing
look at this so what I'm going to do is
mask eight it's a lot complicated than
it sounds to make these work you have to
edit the video in Photoshop yeah you
heard me right edit the video in
Photoshop it's an infinite loop so if
you played it on a loop it's like three
seconds long it will just look as if
it's infinite going on forever
everything else or be static so that my
facial expression on this will be static
and all the flames will still be moving
thank you ever so much
for all the beautiful messages you guys
are just amazing
you've boosted my mood tenfold as to
what it was yesterday I was then I was
in tears yes today evening and as I say
like this is a vlog is about my life
that's the whole point I want to look
back on this I want to say this is a
date this happened and that's how I
reacted to it and as much as life throws
things at you that are quite personal
you need to bridge that gap thank you
all so much for understanding I'm going
to end this blog here I wasn't going to
do a video today but why should today be
any different than any other day I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's vlog yes
and three
Oh
