now don't press it it's rendering don't
press it don't press it it's rent as my
vlog is rendering you want to try it no
don't please don't press it
don't don't name it let me don't do it
oh oh just log is rendering to change
the screen sir no it doesn't just turn
the screen off the computer gee the vlog
is rendering don't press it
gee not 100% sure how we're gonna how
we're gonna go to town do today because
can you move you thing
my mouth is burning tonight I feeling
gee we get one nice day of weather in
the UK and that's all we get now it's
just absolutely abysmal but it's fine
awesome I hetal's right and it's getting
a screen protector you guys ready to see
them to brand new angel there is of
course you can get photo you sure you
don't a business call
today Margie thank you for lovely
morning mate thanks mate I've enjoyed
myself
it's cook they traced mr. bill it's cut
the tree hasn't he look at the tree
right so it bends pick up what's called
is it a buzz bar yes a buzz bar so we
can wire up the rest of the live
streaming room this evening when G
finishes wait you've got to get to work
all right have a good time at work I've
seen about them cheers man what have you
done what have you done Jacob Oh No Oh
Jacob did you pull it off - pretty hard
or something oh no I just ripped it
instead of pulling it off by the side
and that's what happened to it oh my no
no I've got some people are here I
didn't if we get about to fix it on the
ha all right yeah let's go at the
builders it in there's about 50 million
locks you have to undo to get into this
office building it's mad look at this
what is this contraption here oh yeah
oh yeah I forgot about this giveaway
that we're doing here I need to organize
this oh I did a april fools day video
where I said I'm leave I've got a
massive day of work in here on Thursday
with Jed so I kind of do me to tidy this
place up a bit but I'll wait until the
builders have left this evening early
start for the builders today the whites
come really early I'm not sure what they
what they're gonna get done but
hopefully it's gonna look awesome up
there I'm gonna give away all of this
stuff I don't know how I'm quite gonna
do that I'll figure it out somehow I've
got no idea here we go and then
hopefully one the builders are finished
this evening Jordan can come round and
we can finish off wiring it all the
electric sockets and make sure that all
of that works so now we have electric
supply TV and the corners I'm assuming
today they're gonna plaster that wall
and then that that's the builders
daughter she watches my videos it's
really cute thank you very much right so
I'm leaving the plasterer there and the
Builder is also leaving because he
doesn't need to be there whilst the
plaster is there I'm gonna leave the
office now because I'm gonna be there
this evening for quite some time
wiring up with Jordan so for now
to the air so nice unfortunately I've
just been to see one of my potential
people at wide a music video shooting
and it was gonna be really cool I had
some proper good plans for it and I was
I was gonna bring you guys along to me
shooting like a little mini music video
for this like local producer that I know
unfortunately it's all falling through
it's all falling through I'm not doing
any more absolute ly sucks I was really
looking forward to it and I had it all
planned out and I was gonna bring you
guys to it with me in a world and film
it together and I was gonna get some
tips of you guys that's where I've just
been and have that news so I'm a little
bit disappointed about that but hey hope
nothing absolutely nothing you can do
just gonna enjoy enjoy this sunset ever
since I quickly mentioned that I shoot
wedding videos in my last it might
another previous vlog I mentioned it
there are like middle-aged people that
have come to me saying hey listen
getting married like next year and if
you stump can you come and shoot my
wedding
this isn't mental so I'm gonna try and
shoot some like subscribers weddings and
stuff that was wicked while I'm here and
everybody's listening okay I shoot
wedding videos I shoot I shoot
promotional videos I shoot well I've
never really done any proper music
videos before but I'd love to do a music
video if anybody's up for it I also do
networking and if you live near me I can
also provide you internet these are all
the things that I do so if any of you
want that then hit me up because I'd
love to get some more clothes and do
some more cool stuff and as long as I
can bring the vlog with me then yeah
let's do it
what I think we're gonna do to simplify
everything is on my website I'm gonna
have a wedding page and we have like a
promotional video page and then have
like a networking page and then yeah and
then when I finished all on my website
yeah I'll give it to you guys you can go
written and check it out for spelling
mistakes and make sure it's all looking
good and yeah I've done it all right and
then I'll have like a proper fun at the
moment about website the month it's not
very good but I'm gonna put all that
together and I'll give it to you guys
you guys can rinse me for the spelling
mistakes they'll have and I'll get it
all changed and we'll do it all together
and then I'll have a website a proper
good one so I'm going to work on next I
promised you guys I promised you guys
that I was gonna try and bring you along
and push about my business forward and I
wanted to do it with the vlog so as long
as you guys are down I'm down - it
should start making some funny noises
which you'll tell me that it's upgrading
the firmware please every time I start
it obvious like it's not safe to paly
update the firmware update the firmware
so finally finally I'm updating the
firmware I was going to take 25 minutes
so just finished up a super quick gym
session I need to get back to using my
like productivity board a little bit
more but I like the nice quotes that are
fine and stuff I need to use like Jim
and the vlog thing so I've recorded
yesterday's vlog and then we'll we're on
today's vlog I went in the gym yesterday
morning and I've just been in right now
I'm recording the main channel video
tomorrow we had a tech flow video go out
on Monday sweet
right then so the spark is here or
installing the buzz bar hey that's why
it's called don't think it just like one
thing goes wrong it would just peculiar
that never crossed your mind
yeah oh just I just Karen I don't really
think Gandhi wrote your actual word to
describe the room room a roommate oh
yeah sure mm-hmm so thank you guys
there's a look at it it's all plastic on
the roof look at this
is it like a room now is it's nice look
a bit more like if I step over here it
sort of looks still a bit messy come
back here other than the lights hanging
from the roof looking like they're
broken it's all plastered we haven't
managed to me and you have managed to
put the electrics on just yet we're
gonna do that tomorrow
because hua ji we've got the wrong thing
didn't we we need a different breaker
I'm not electrician and I assumed a lot
of you guys on either so a brake is a
little switch thing I can't wait to get
the electrics on it's gonna be wicked
they're coming back on Thursday
hopefully to finish plastering this bit
and then it's ready for painting this is
almost done
hopefully we'll get them all on tomorrow
and have all up looks like it's working
so we can start putting some LED strips
in yeah yeah sweet I'm super super
psyched for this so this is the part of
the vlog or I'll sit down and tell you
guys or explain to you why over the next
few days I may not seem myself and trust
me I'm okay I'm fine but I've just been
round to my girlfriend's house and we
have broken up right I can't go into any
detail why because it's all a bit of a
contradiction now nothing is carrying to
change right
nothing Maria and I are still friends
it's all good and the reason I'm saying
this isn't to get sympathy from anybody
so please don't show me sympathy I'm
just simply letting you guys know what's
just happened and why I may seem a
little strange over the next few days
I'm fine though but now you know why if
maybe I'm coming across a little bit
different than usual I don't think I
will and I might not but if I do that's
why and I feel like if there's a topic
that is going to affect me personally it
needs to be covered tonight is that it's
now public it's the only thing I'm ever
going to say about it
you guys now know that's the end of it
again thank you ever so much for
understanding it means the world to me
and I'm sorry to come across so official
but usually I'm a very bubbly character
you know swinging my camera
and that's just how I am as a person I'm
very bubbly very fun and unfortunately
this isn't really information that I can
tell you guys whilst still here
so he gave my camera around being really
energetic and again thank you for your
support it means the absolute world
