I hate it MRI amazed as well yeah are
you doing where you been so like you
even Mackey's of you yeah so no good
food I think a food in it yeah all right
you ready good where you going now just
anywhere really anyway really please be
a nice day please be a nice day see fear
hey what a beautiful day to kick off the
week a wicked water coffee cereal Alaska
not least a vlog to edit let's go good
morning to you all how are you all doing
my name is of course Alex this morning
I've devoured a bowl of cereal I have my
coffee and I've drank a fair bit of
water
I've also edited yesterday's vlog I need
to load that now apple juice for my hair
looking like Jimmy Neutron I woke up
like an hour ago and all I've done is
that there had food and edited
yesterday's vlog and now I'm starting a
new one you guys know that I'm trying to
let break break my bad habits one of
them is trying to get up before 9 a.m.
every morning trying to get up before 9
a.m. on days when I don't have any
client work on are only work they have
to go and do like today I made sure I
didn't have anything booked in today
just in case my flight was delayed
yesterday or something bad happened so I
don't have anything to do today is
regards to actual work so I'm come to
and pro that habit and get up nice and
early and I'm also trying to break
another habit as well as getting up
early actually having some breakfast but
they're not just skipping it in going
straight to learn show a little bit a
cereal this morning right guys I'm going
to have a little gym session I think
kick off Monday morning and I'll catch
up with you guys after yesterday
is one shade away to yesterday are no
shades waived against it
we guys don't have mentioned no no like
massive jobs on today no no welcome to
state already Dave happening like sit
down computer work to do I need to do my
emails a bit later on but I'll do that
this evening in bed probably now I'm
wanting to start up a new series on my
main channel on Mars bar and I'm going I
want to do it like once every couple
months or so and it's going to be sort
of a desk my top five desk set up tips
sort of thing I've got a few tips like I
always set out for this desk and I think
well it was an HDMI cable hanging down
there I'm always not doing a very good
job of is saying that I do try to keep
it very clean and I like it you know not
cluttered and I want to do like five
tips to help people with that so with
that being said obviously one of my
first tips is going to be about cable
management and drilling holes in the
desk so today because I've actually got
no work on it's going to be an errand
day I'm just gonna get some stuff done
for example I want to drill this little
switch into the desk so it just pops up
like that I'll do that in this vlog and
then also get some b-roll of me doing it
too for the main channel so when I do
this or try and get that done today see
how much of a good job I can do with
that and then I'll also whilst doing
that get some b-roll for the main
channel which I'll probably shoot on
Wednesday or sort of thing the main part
but now I need to unpack all of this
stuff which is pretty much means for my
question in the water craft kit and then
putting all the tech away right
brilliant that's all of that sorted out
now let's see if we can put this cable
up through the desk and trust me it's
not going to be an easy thing to do to
make this look good look at this look I
plugged it into the keyboard so I've got
like a fan when I price it before we
start I need to turn off the computer
and now the first part of the mission is
complete we have the cable on the
underside of the desk
now comes the drilling part so because
the way this cable has been made I'm
going to have to use two drill bits one
smaller drill bit to do this bit and
then one bigger drill bit to do this bit
so let's just get to work
there we go
I'll do it I've got a little button
that's going to sit just behind my
keyboard there just there look so then
if I need to start up my computer we
test it right your power on the computer
here and if I need to restart the
computer or turn it on boom please work
please please work the keyboard came on
I don't know Mouse yay
and it's literally just there look at
that
mission success
all right cluster million about of
explained a nice and let my yeah right
I'm gonna bring in yeah just put it down
here I got a very puzzled after my food
shops just been delivered I'm starving
hello I've seen you in ages I do it not
such boom how you doing okay I'm seeing
you an ages well where were you when I
was in Berlin and I was you had two
whales in you yeah look you see this
remote-control car here I left that out
in the bedroom feel safe if you didn't
take it I got back in you have taken it
I didn't know any component around on
the beach with ever really fun but
there's loads of sand and rock you'll be
fine right there bro if you have any
more ideas so you set up in here I'll
have a little think over the next few
days yeah a crappy table yeah crafting
table what was want to get making
football yeah
it's a guy slide bit of a problem
when I came back last night and finish
the vlog I wanted to get some light on
in my bedroom
so as you usually do click the button
and then bang everything went off and I
was like oh no it literally everything
in the whole room went off computer
everything so when the stairs flip the
switch back on and everything came back
on XS this little man drew so I think we
need to replace it
Juliet thank you very much cheers thank
you all right now is Berlin
I was Berlin Berlin was good yeah yeah I
enjoyed it it's not the legend right I
best be off guys for my guys can change
a bit but not yet in a bit yeah all
right
today has been an amazing day for
getting jobs done I've done loads poor
pound for a milkshake yes I want a
giggle onion do I go like a lobby block
markable naked do you like it no way
like it was and it glows in the
dark
okay he's a legend 20 pounds of the Mars
apparel website and you can go in the
dark as well legend right why are you
doing us amazing thank you very much
that's the thing
I haven't worn anything but this t-shirt
all day because it's been like mass
media we've got 21 degrees in the UK to
come on us anything else at the shirt
all they melt freezing as far as what
this is I have absolutely no idea but I
got these little packages before before
I went away I know exactly what they are
these now these are wicked now this is
so this is some proper high-end I think
it's meant to be high-end definitely
high-end enough to deserve really hard
to get into packaging sin celebrations
of me getting the new MacBook Pro which
doesn't have a USB port on it Kingston
have reached out to me and everybody
else with a laptop with one USB port on
it which is very little of those people
in the world because if you did that
you'd be stupid like me very card one
two three four five six I'm counseling
ten I think there's ten and then there's
128 gigabyte one which I'm going to try
and use to do these vlogs with now
what's inside here this chain cap this
my friends is the ultimate oh wow
Wow how how how does it how does that
thing that's in this world right now one
terabyte this is the future right here
it was called the ultimate GT from
Kingston and that goes into there well
that's just an extension if you want it
it's either thing with this is you can
genuinely I reckon run a whole operating
system ustus well I could put Windows on
this and run it on a lot anything I
wanted so I so this is so thank you
three floors full of watches and just
jewelry and stuff yeah unless you're
something broken that's right I need to
finish off the electrical work in the
office tomorrow it's obviously Tuesdays
I'm gonna be hanging out with Jordan get
to Lincoln anyway guys - and Alex you
guys have been awesome sales and guys
keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog ready yeah
Oh
