this is mental hey guys good morning to
you all how are you all doing my name is
of course Alex it's a once in a lifetime
thing in the UK that's happening right
now this this literally never happens
anymore
I remember guys when I was a kid back in
the day and we used to wake up every
Christmastime and there be ajust a
full-on blanket of snow and over the
years it's got every single year just
less and less and less until now pretty
much at Christmas we get no snow
whatsoever just rain sleet and horrible
mess but today guys Wednesday February
the 28th we have lovely blue sky awesome
blanket of snow and an opportunity guys
to go out and have some fun but before
we do that guys we need to clean the
go-kart
okay guys just getting really cold this
snow we started coming down again right
now I've only just jet washed off that
little go car I really wanted to take
this thing out in the snow guys but we
might not even be able to go it might be
too much look how thick this snow is
right guys I'm gonna try and carry on
washing the car until I get really
really really cold let's see what I can
do and see if I can get this thing
moderately clean
okay guys as soon as this little storm
passes literally about half an hour ago
it was super super super sunny and now
we've just had another blizzard of snow
in the Sun has totally disappeared the
car the go-kart it's all clean what I'm
going to do guys is put on some vertical
merch the links are guys in the
description and I'm gonna get my to
inspire batteries which I've got on the
all the radiator and for some reason I
do not think we are gonna get that Sun
back and I think we're gonna get a lot
of snow which is gonna yield me to not
be able to take out my car so guys in
order to take out the snowmobile the
camo car the snow camo car I think we
need to suck it and see and do it right
so guys the main reason why I'm wanting
to take my car out is obviously because
it has a snow camo rap on it and we
never get snow in England so what I want
to do is go to hopefully a snowy field
right now if this blizzard
doesn't come back and we get the
sunshine back because I would actually
get some shots of this car in the snow
as it does have a snow camo rap on it
and I don't just get the rap done for no
reason but oh wow
guys this is gonna be so fun wait
traction control off guys look at this
because I live in the absolute middle of
nowhere all the roads are just full of
snow I remember a little snow come on
reveal this is amazing
okay guys it's getting really dark
outside because of this blizzard that's
about to come and I'm getting so many
warnings on my car there we go just got
rid of them all look at all the warnings
coming off of a drivetrain error loads
of things look to come down here you
need a big 4x4 now I mean look guys to
come down here you need a big 4x4 not a
mini guys this is so so fun so so much
fun
guys look who's off-roading in a little
camo machine we're about to get a
massive Blizzard guys I'm gonna go home
before I chance my look but I'm super
super impressed at how the little mini
is handling the snow well this is thick
snow absolute light work absolute light
work three guys there we go oh-ho can
you guys see there's actually snow in my
gorilla pod wow it's so so cold out
there
just before now guys it said it was
minus six I'm probably over exaggerating
right now to most of you but in the UK
this is like a very very rare thing to
have this much snow for one and for it
to be minus six that's pretty rare for a
Hugh K goes and my car definitely wasn't
happy about being taken out in the snow
but it was so so so fun taking out the
little snow mobile go-cart
guys this is super super scary I can't
even oh wow got the brakes on this is
mental look guys my wipers they won't
get rid of this bit in the middle of the
I can barely see I'm trying to make it
to the office to make some sort of vlog
today I'll probably shouldn't be driving
I almost crashed into that wall oh my
days what I'm trying to say is I
probably shouldn't be driving right now
has been absolutely awesome the UK has
seen well about I want to say four or
five good inches of snow today and it
hasn't stopped legging it down and
everybody has just lost their rocker so
would it keep saying because I'm gonna
get these comments in the comment
section you guys would never let Alex
that's not a lot of snow it's not very
cold did literally there it is for
England alright and I don't you super
excited guys because I got to go and
snap this photo and well my car has a
snow camo rap on it so it just sort of
seemed fitting really dear Alex a
massive hello from Google we noticed you
love your smart tape at home but your
office is lacking behind we don't see
any smart speakers in your office so
we've hooked you up with something new
on our og devices inside you'll find a
brand new Google home Mini and then a
normal Google home and you'll notice
it's not in its box yeah
it's now in its box this Google home has
been used in the Google HQ giving
demonstrations to people on how to use
Google home tonight Google actually used
this Google home right here in the
Google HQ in London to give like
demonstrations on how this thing works
and listen they've sent it to me andddd
Google Earth mini brand new well guys
thank you google for the record okay
Google
I do have a Google home up in the light
of German room but I have disconnected
ages ago and forgot to connect it I'm
sorry good so all of you probably see me
use this and this is how I interface
with all of my LED strips around this
room and turn all of the lights off it's
just just like cheap 15-pound wireless
remote thing you click the button it
turns off the LEDs I think the main
reason as to why I didn't use a smart
speaker in the office it's because I
don't have any devices to control why I
don't really care about asking this
thing what the weather is I can just
check it on my phone as you can see it's
snowing what I like to do with these
things is make these make things happen
and I actually do have some smart
devices in the office okay Google Play
disarmed by Alta on streaming room sound
bar turn a streaming room sound bar to
90%
okay play Mars bar blogs from YouTube on
office TV okay playing Mars bar logs
from YouTube on office TV so guys what
I'm gonna go ahead and do it's order a
load of smart plugs and get everything
here smart it up does that make sense
there's some smart libels get some smart
plugs and push the smart off this game
but per level I don't know why I didn't
do this before I love smart things
especially at home so even guys I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's daily
vlog in the office I'm keeping my big
coat on because I'm about to I'm about
to go home right now and it's very very
cold outside I honestly didn't think I
was gonna be able to leave the house
today but awesome package from Google
awesome time in the car today I really
enjoyed it we've had a blast
if this snow carries on guys all through
the night and we get loads of snow
tomorrow I might do something really
cool and attach some sort of sled to the
camo car and see what we can do
but for now guys drop a like rating if
you enjoyed man it's been Alex you guys
have been awesome die stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog guys adios
I think I've actually destroyed this
little bit of path guys I'll see in the
next one
