no you're probably thinking Alex what
the hell are you doing well I'm
preparing for this long nights early
mornings I guess that's what I asked for
women with the ass is the size of a
asteroid
what can I say I wanted all and more I
can only be me from a flashcard yes you
are all correct
it's the PC stream you guessed it right
it's happening this evening but today
I've been preparing for it at the same
time well jet has been here I've been
multitasking today we've been making
tech for videos as usual guys the grind
it never ever stops guitar you said yeah
well we have been working since like
8:00 this morning
yeah up on that is is that working thing
so guys all afternoon and all morning in
fact we've been filming tech flow videos
as well I have been setting up the
stream for this evening it's really hard
actually guys to set up the streams on
the new streaming PC but now once it's
all set up how she bouncing these
streams far more off yeah yeah yeah it's
a doorbell
this box is really really like there's
nothing in here
so guys yes I am aware I think of what's
inside here I mean I do like surprises
and it could be a surprise but no I
think there it is so guys what this
parcel is is something really really
cool now as you can see it's from
Corsair and well it finally arrived
because I've been waiting for this since
I did the video about two weeks ago and
that video was about this
so essentially guys what this is is a
holster for this this is the k63
Wireless from Corsair and this well this
is just sick wow look at this thing so
all of you guys obviously know what the
Corsair lap dog is and this is the lap
dog it goes on your lap and as they
Corsair keyboard on it of course a mouse
but it has this like really big thick
cable that sort of tethers it and the
whole thing is absolutely massive with
and now introduce the lap board this
thing coupled with a wireless mouse well
it's a totally wireless couch gaming a
solution that has a nice pad on the
bottom it's not got an oversized
keyboard it's got a really really really
nice wrist rest as usual I to be fully
transparent with you guys Corsair have
sent this out to me but I'll tell you
guys wanted it it's definitely an
upgrade from this thing right guys I'm
gonna go ahead and get that Mouse
ordered so I can give you my full take
on this thing but for now guys I need to
put hold on all the work in the office
tell Jed to go home because it's time I
went to get my brother to do the stream
thank you very much for efforts today I
appreciate it I will see you next week
no bro are you ready for the stream are
you worried
be confident what the parts with the
computer yeah mate I'm sure it'll be
fine
I'm gonna reteach you the whole point of
us going through the stream right now
bro so I can teach you how to build the
computer yeah yeah we go now come on bro
get yourself ready put the iPad down
with it iPad
hey have you been in here whilst I have
the swing so as you can see we have the
set up here this is the streaming camera
we will have the display there and then
we have all of the parts out here on the
table duly nervous now or not no not at
all but before we start guys I bought
this arm here I need to set up the
overhead rig and I'm gonna do it with
this thing guys rather than bro are you
super food for this right we are live
guys we have the waiting screen playing
there everybody is waiting we have all
the parts here Jacob point to the RAM
boom point the motherboard boom he knows
right then dude are you ready bro
survives this dream I thank everybody
for joining and we're gonna do another
one so you don't win for sure and you
also want to do a Minecraft one don't
you bro are you okay are you okay is
everything okay
my turn now from the top we guys didn't
manage to finish building the PC cuz I
don't even have the GPU yet because a
great start wasn't broke you learnt a
lot we all learned a lot for guys that
needs to go and take Jacob home to go to
bed so what you got to say to the camera
adios right then guys this dream was all
finished it was a massive success you
guys loved it I was teaching some of you
guys had to build a computer you guys
that knew how to build a computer were
admiring that I was teaching Jacob ass
it was just really really fun and the
computer is almost built all of this
mess is kicking up my OCD there guys
which is super annoying and
unfortunately I won't be able to finish
this tomorrow because of because of one
reason as to which I need to explain to
you guys
so guys something really terrible has
happened and I want to try to explain to
you guys why I'm not going to be
vlogging tomorrow so if you guys knew
this but my granddad actually passed
away recently and that's massive shame
obviously for me and my entire family
and the funeral the funeral is tomorrow
so obviously for obvious reasons I'm not
going to be picking up the camera at all
tomorrow I'm just going to take a data
to sort of reflect on life on my
granddad's life and obviously I put this
out on Twitter when my granddad actually
passed away just after Christmas but you
want to say a massive thank you to those
of you that have supported me and said
nice messages because it it really means
a lot and obviously I don't like don't
like negativity but there's one thing
hiding from it and it's one thing
embracing it and definitely with was
something like that she doesn't have to
ruin brace it and reflect upon that so
I'm not picking up the cameras tomorrow
guys I hope you guys understand and that
is all for today really yeah sometimes
but got to crack on unfortunately it's
as hard as things like this are it's it
just say it happens to everybody and but
thank you guys in advance for for
understanding
so guys you know what that is where I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's daily
video I really hope you have enjoyed it
and rich word to let you guys know at
the end of this video as to why I'm not
gonna be videoing tomorrow and again
thanks in advance for all the
condolences you guys are the best and I
wouldn't be able to cope so well with
this with this tragedy if it wasn't for
you guys so thank you so much guys but
that being said my husband Alex guys you
guys have been awesome I will see you in
my next video stay active on social over
the next few days guys cuz I'd really
appreciate it
adios
