good morning guys how are you all doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another daily vlog I'm literally
about to leave they can have to leave my
hotel room with my only bag on obviously
I didn't book this hotel room ASIS
booked it for me so I didn't know what
the checkout time was I was awoken by a
guy at 7:30 a.m. right out there which
is 6:30 in the UK and it was like you
need to check out of your movies check
out of their room and I was like wait a
minute whoa what's going on half an hour
later I'm checking out of my room quite
a quick backstory yesterday evening I
went to the gym the reason I went to the
gym is because thunder and I didn't
think there was a spa here but we've
just found it got kicked out of my hotel
room so early I literally haven't had
any breakfast don't know how to try and
use this protein shaker some sort of
food supplement
they confiscated my camera but on the
GoPro there we go all finished up in the
spa Jesus a sun's bright I'm gonna have
to have to work out the snapchats bags
but this is great answer so guys all
finished up in the spa I've left on the
in there no I'm not in a rush the one
and no I don't have a flight to catch
just yet why I actually need to do it
it's kind of a big deal is I need to
find a coffee shop number one because I
need coffee and number two because well
I've got a vlog to edit and upload sound
one hey if you guys got Wi-Fi that Wi-Fi
internet demo so I'm just like here
editing my video and then he comes up
with a legend look I'll touch broke
let's grab a quick selfie Saint there
you go dude no worries
appreciate that
turns out this girl especially my coffee
she was this happy - let's do it all
edited and rendering out I've only got
half an hour until my taxi comes to pick
me up to get me off to the airport and
I'm not sure how I'm gonna get this
thing not sure how I'm gonna get this
thing of loaded and by the way guys I
still find this unreal that people come
up to be and have a photo with me like
that is absolutely unreal unreal unheard
on unspoken up insane thank you so much
from the bottom of my heart thank you
it's this has been like a massive
journey and thank you all for
experiencing you with me I need to go
and find somewhere we could internet to
to upload this processing my taxis not
here I need to go to Berlin is insane
I loved every second of it it's been
amazing I've met so many of you event
yesterday was incredible I'm in my taxi
on the way to on the way to the airport
to go home this has been amazing
there you go that's my channel left yeah
this today will be up tomorrow at 6
o'clock tomorrow 6 p.m. - tomorrow six
o'clock you see this ok thank you thank
you for the less about to board might
wipe out the Broadway in Little Italy I
should literally go right now
yes I'm back home now all I've got to
worry about is like a two and a half
hour drive back I shall need to guess
the office yeah and if it's the office I
only got like 11 o'clock but don't I
guess the office
let's get there they said they were like
do you want to pay 30 pound and park for
like the sodas car park away I would
want to pay like 80 and park right out
to the airport I'll just walk
Thanks earnest I'm on it my baby
Oh long drive home now
my office I'm home was I they finally oh
oh um wait a minute
Haley these chips falling falling down I
swear I mailed these things up how that
happens
a mail battle there we go that's better
right this is the little puppy I want to
have a look at with a set of fresh eyes
because it should have all dried by now
and it should be looking sweet ah here
we go so this is it I'm in the room it
echoes a little bit actually now because
this is a bath not wormy model that's
like proper hard plaster so you can hear
that yeah okay so just imagine when all
of this bit is plastered the roof is
also plastered with like a bit of a
curvature to it and then it all get
painted white boxes there where we can
install like all the consoles and the
computer and everything of those sorts
of nature's and things and I've even
tested out the switch for they have the
LED so if I turn this little switch on
your seat a little light comes on so
what I'm going to do is that that switch
controls a plug socket that's back there
so what I'm going to do with that is
wire up the LEDs the LEDs that are going
to go under here and under that beam
then fire down onto the wall so when you
come in you do the dimmer switch which
controls the main lights and then you
flick on you flick on this little switch
and it turns on the LEDs in there and
there and maybe behind the TV - I'm
going away for a little bit and then
coming back just makes this all seems so
much more surreal and just incredible so
proud of myself and those guys and what
we've done on the channel amazing
I thought voters before I struck over
this is a collaborative effort anyway
I'm going to it over the top I'm just
really proud of it and I think we all
should be really proud of it and I can't
wait until we start doing the live
streams from this room and have it I'm
thinking about it on the plane on the
way back actually I'm going to have to
invest in like I don't know like some
proper lighting as well for the live
streams and some some cameras on tripods
maybe a few angle and wide lens of the
whole space and a tie-in shots and once
out on the sofa or maybe to tighten
shots when bringing guests down to
stream and then I've got a thing
what capture card hardware I'm going to
use to do that and microphones as well
how am I going to do that if you guys
have got any suggestions then feel free
to let me let me know so far holy balls
this is mad I'll know the full before
you know I sought that out tomorrow I'm
too tired it's like almost 1:00 in the
morning but finally I'm home
well I actually wait a minute now I'm
home and it is so hot in my bedroom
light I'm going to have to NASA open
open the window or something this is mad
so hot so so happy to be back guys
honestly I'm a little bit I'm a little
bit yeah I'm a little bit of a girl when
it comes to homesickness like I really
do suffer from it and I really think
that it was from when I went to when I
went to New Zealand and Australia for a
month and it's literally because I
missed my girlfriend so much when I went
there like I genuinely think that's the
reason for it I just missed her so much
when I went there when I went to New
Zealand last year and it was it's kind
of like left a bit of a stain on my
ability to not be homesick so yeah
that's that anyway I'm home and I really
enjoyed my time out in Berlin it was
insane hopefully you guys enjoyed the
footage that I managed to get and the
thing is when I go traveling when I go
traveling and it sucks really it doesn't
but it sounds weird to say I'm chilled
whether I'm going to go somewhere on on
this vlog and you guys are going to be
like Alex no that'd be stupid like if
you want to go somewhere go don't care
about the band now I get that obviously
I've got to want to go to I'm not just
going to go for the vlog like it has to
be both boxes like it's got to be
somewhere I want to go and somewhere I
think you guys would find find it
interesting and those if it takes those
two we're going anyway guys it's Sunday
evening we usually have the chill the
chills log on Sunday but I've done a
whole lot of traveling and really tired
really dehydrated I'm going to cook the
vlog short here guys this one is to a
brilliant week fingers crossed hopefully
we can have a good week commencing while
starting starting tomorrow Monday the
3rd of April are yes
