only a quick run this morning here in
Berlin to kick off the day I didn't
record how far away nor half up it in it
okay then your real reason I went for a
run this morning was because my
toothpaste ran out I need to get more
toothpaste so today is the first day of
this ROG event here in Berlin I have no
idea what to expect
it's a gorgeous day look at that not a
cloud in the sky it's about 25 degrees
Rimmer oh and had a shower most
importantly clean my teeth Salameh work
and it's due for this morning it's time
to go the bus literally has a republican
gamers logo on it this is a lot more
serious than I thought
alright let's pour this thing
whoa okay this is cool this is really
cool the next
they gave me a shirt with my name on it
which I'm not going to work supporting
our share at Omni but let me turn the
camera around
Oh one dose let's look at it break
nice break football
I have just said in this dying in ten
minutes I know it it was expect at all
our machine is giving new products
released yeah by day I'm she was giving
new products released I'm really not
sure what is going down as a big stage
right here so we'll just we'll just see
what happens
but this is a really cool really cool
okay if you up to the game servers on
the selected game have found revenue
forgiven it will revive 10-5
I need to agree to this we are however
this is room and three curve gaming
limited back in okay so it's pretty much
the event over now the release of load a
new products and they've just pulled
down a curtain at the back of the room
swish everybody's going back there now
and apparently they've got all their new
all their new computers and stuff back
there all the new hardware that they've
released plus stumble through here and
see what's going down isn't what you
want any light look at those tubes and
look at the sli and look at the are the
first thing I come over to is the brand
new route of just released look at this
beast
that's Matt looks like is going to come
to life and just take over the house
like what look all these mini rigs are
capable of like Afiya are really small
tire getting bigger with best back to go
for my 1062 1080 grab his coach and all
this means guys so all this means right
it means I'm coming to do your guy setup
like this setup subscriber setup thing
is happening I'm going to do as a series
on my Mars bar channel right where I
handpick some subscribers like a lucky
draw thing and I come round spend the
day with you we make your setup insane
I'm talking property boards and might
like they have been talking like curbs
gaming monitors depending on your needs
maybe one of these little pcs or you can
fill we can build you something with one
of these inside
I've got a pretty good relationship with
the guys overage that I'll make sure
I'll make sure that we can commit it to
you guys like Romania better this is
gonna be a mess we all though guys I
think we can do this so if we have now
got the contacts that rog republic of
gamers so we can get all the computer
parts and all the money is then all and
do it all with you guys i pissed out a
few friends first and then I'll move to
youtubers and try and do a few youtubers
help and then I'll do like some prize
draws and pick some of you guys out and
come onto your house and spend the day
like going to Ikea and doing your self
up and just making a video by if you're
all awesome wouldn't it bring a camera
man down if you guys have any ideas as
to how I could pick winners or how we
could run it as a giveaway or or how I
could yeah however pick the winners and
let me know down in the comments and let
me know if you think it's a good idea so
in a nutshell what they've released is a
button of new motherboards that brought
out a new gaming router and the whole
table of them there and as the boy told
you guys if he's all-new likely are
small little computers which I think are
really cool but hope you take it apart
ready
well that was easy he's got a quick bit
of food now we're going back Luke is
about to go on stage and play overwatch
again girls like a bro team the best of
luck to you mate so it turns out we've
been out and spent money on food and
I've come back and the chefs at this
event look at the chef's with a chef's
hour they've prepared this like mad set
of meals and almaty that's the point
because we've just had a horrible Burger
King are you ready don't allowed to do
this one less the sleek on stage 1 stage
yeah I can remember my without a garage
it is the team full of like twitch
streamers and youtubers and then over
there professional professional
overwatch team these guys are up there
and then they're also over there Chang
let's enjoy it I feel that accomplished
you just start here watching it as the
van is over it's been really cool it's
been wicked that's it event has wrapped
up because I'm seeing a load of these
right now and I'm assuming that I'm just
going to I'm just going to take one
Luke and I have managed to secure a taxi
back to the hotel so we're going to jump
in here and this is where we're coming
by shorts we realize that you never
talked to three guys that event today
was absolutely awesome it was really
cool and we've been to like such an
official event like that like it was a
literal launch event for Asus about all
their new gaming peripherals like
monitors and all this stuff and I asked
the people that invited me down from
asus rog but what did they be able to
helping out me doing like upgrading your
guys set up some stuff for the main
track I've been going about it for a
while but you can understand that is a
very hard thing for me to do that's a
meeting for me to try and get all the
equipment come round to your house size
it all up do the desk there with you
guys and make a day out of it and then
get someone to come and video it and
edit it together that is a big tap to
having aces on board to help that is
absolutely wicked they've given me a hat
and don't want that one really oh look
at this I can definitely use this look
at this I can definitely use it look to
their house to go into there it says
GeForce GTX on it no I do one who just
don't realize that we are take me off
quite a lot at the moment we've got the
live show me room to finish up first and
then and then lies a whole episode thing
in itself well segment like a month
worth of work which is still ongoing
right now
well then once that is all finished that
is when we can start doing your guys
setups and I'm going to try and kick it
off with Toby's because Toby said to me
that he doesn't have like the biggest
space and you just want like a small
desk with a single monitor so we could
do Toby setup and then and then see how
it goes see how it goes from there right
I'm going to go go to the gym with lt''s
under because there's a gym in Oh tell
them we both have what's good for gym
and then we're going to Sparkle
guys I've had a little bit too much
climbing speak I hope a few drinks with
you the streamers down downstairs in the
bath they kept buying cocktails just
kept kept buying them and kept buying
them and kept buying them until we all
have so many of the same cocktail they
sold out of it like we couldn't get
again so then we move to this is a thing
and then it is safe to say I've
sufficiently been fed and watered this
evening but today was a massive stepping
stone for me in in terms of reality what
I've been doing recently is that had
these thoughts in the head and they've
been they've been very is this gonna
work like am I going to be able to do
this number one the live streaming room
that room is an absolute state I've been
well it comes across on camera I saw
some comments on YouTube saying Alex get
on with it all that is is a room and
you've got to put some plaster board and
plastic it's a lot more than that the
shape of that room the integrity of that
room everything played into a factor of
how hard that has been to put together
that is finally slowly becoming my
reality now I could be coming around to
subscribers houses and pimping their
setups with some cool gear so let me
know how that sounds in the comment
section down below you think that'd be a
good idea let me do it I'm going to try
and start doing it with a few of my
friends first
today has been wicked I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog and I'm heading home IDs
