most of north of Moscow not the monster
knows ball multiple knows ball lost ball
multiple gated most forgiving or for
gaming ball ball nos vamos vamos vamos
vamos vamos vamos ball
Martha he was about to happen on here
this is something that I have to do
every single day of my life
good morning to you all how are you all
doing oh my god my name is of course
Alex and as usual we've got a cool day
planned
what are traveling to do actually let's
give him a lot of time in the office for
the next does it sound like it's not the
next 48 hours play much you're not going
to convene an office in the next 48
hours
where'd you know I'm not really going to
miss it that much because it is just the
tip because these boxes everywhere
because the build is not finished yet if
I clean it up there's just going to be
more met domains where it's the one big
spring cleaning session when that room
is finished
that's my plan I remember getting this a
while ago and I forgot about it so you
can take this thing anywhere with you in
the world it has a global SIM card in it
and you can just buy data so at least I
could have internet when I'm in when I'm
where I'm going which is Berlin I'm
going I'm going to Berlin let's go check
I've got everything passport little
Wi-Fi saying - Tess
here we go ladies and gentlemen
Birmingham Apple I've never flown from
here before so I don't know what it's
going to be like I'm a little bit late
but should be fun
I spy with my little eye a Dickson's
travel I like these places Oh 360
cameras are getting quite big now I
don't see the coin possibly sometime in
the future but through six dishes not
really my thing at the moment when they
get the quality better 100 percent yeah
you're already pushing is 360 stuff are
none crazy there is you can fit
everywhere 360 cameras that listen I
think it was a big deal clearly
Alex why are you flying to Berlin today
so we're quite frank with you I'm not
really a hundred percent sure to be
honest I'm not saying that very long and
it's something it's to do with rog
republic of gamers you know asus did all
the gaming gear they've invited me down
I'm not sure let me look at my emails
there's sent me a PowerPoint
presentation but I've literally been too
busy to even have a look at it but you
guys know me I get an opportunity a
tasting a matter what's going on because
you want to get to Berlin heck yeah
course I wanna get to Berlin ok so
apparently there's a new product being
launched and then there's a dream
machine project announcement and then an
ROG Aurora gaming experience and then I
might be streaming I have no IP whore
scouting are this is the event agenda it
doesn't really make sense it looks
really cool they've even included the
weather
so hopefully the weather is going to be
good outlet and I at the end of this
presentation that sent me about the
weekend so remember guys don't think
just get right so my gate was opening in
five minutes 10 minutes ago so I should
probably get a movement nevertheless the
last week it's been super super super
super busy we do so much stuff on the
blog so just once at the time now on sat
down just to hope that all you guys are
alright and everybody's in good spirits
and as usual if you're not giving up on
Twitter or in the comment section down
below and hopefully I'll reply to you
guys I love all your faces let's see
inside me
this is the point where they don't let
me on the flight because they put my
name down wrong on my boarding pass Oh
good luck with opportunity triggers
episode on returning away from the
airport and do enjoy rest of your
evening and your weekend thank you
brilliance I'm here I'm in Berlin I'm in
Germany and it's dead strangely there's
like no one here where was everybody
that was on my flight I think this is
where I'm meant to be going thank you so
much
this is fancy no idea I'm in the right
place enough because I haven't booked it
but I think okay I think I have a room
wait so I can just use the mini bars
which is no one yeah it's free okay
brilliant
yeah whatever give this is the superior
thank you very much on the first one
guys this is cool look at it
Wow okay so put them in what's called a
superior room where I get to use the
mini bar as much as I want and I'm going
to complete the card into this oh my god
hey wow this is cool we'll get a shower
come on Ben where's that minibar where
is it in here oh I can just take from
this other one it has beer in alcohol
now I likes counter oh yeah we're
awesome also of laptops online of tested
Internet's I'm gonna be able to live my
videos that is that is all good I think
some other smother concentrate here
lt's under which is Joey messages that
he's down on level 3 in the bar I'm
going to go there go be him
what a meal with the whole of the team
I've got more info as to why I'm here it
away from the camera so call me a bit of
a loser but I was really skeptical about
all of this because tomorrow is April
Fool's Day so I thought this was all the
joke
but apparently it's not well I don't
think it was a joke I had it in my mind
apparently probably doesn't apparently
loads of cool new products and stuff
being released tomorrow at this event
and I have no idea what to expect
absolutely zero idea what to expect so
you guys come join the vlog and we'll
find out to get our suppose what's the
view looking like I think I can actually
open the door okay that's a bit of a
drop I don't really like that
I'm going to leave that door wide open
and get some fresh air in here hey guys
I'm going to love you and leave you all
that you've enjoyed today's long if you
have a live briefing will be wicked if
you've really enjoyed it share it with
wanting your friends double comment down
below telling me how much of an idiot I
am like usual and I'll see you in I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's vlog oh yes
Oh
