the new dawn it's a new day and I'm
feeling
- is there some really hungry and I've
just finished editing if they close and
hey guys good morning how y'all doing
my name is of course I jet you here to
regen it takes with chillin out last
night
and today we've got some videos we want
to shoot for tech flow under here is
exactly what we're going to be filming
protects v I've never been stalling all
this stuff in the house yeah muster
which means ripping down all of this all
these little bits and all of this work
as well going to totally suck to do it
but it'll be worth it in the end so I'm
going to get this video films attack
that's definitely working by definitely
definitely working madness madness look
at the madness everywhere I'll know a
lot of tidying up to do we've finished
recording the tempo video new network at
all installed but I still got tidying up
to do we not Magisto finish but yet he
needs the head I'll see you sometime
like Tuesday
have specific other mates where you seen
a bit cheers man it's always good seeing
Jed he's obviously a good lap outs that
you love the kid like we always have a
good time we just sit here that's not
right you sit here we have we sat down
in here last night we've got one from
the office and it's going and we just
had a few beers and just like chat to
each other about like what's going on in
our lives and it was just really cool
cool sweet our guys were pretty much all
finished now I'm going to focus on this
a little bit later this evening one of
the main reasons I do all of this
networking is number one because I'm
learning and teaching myself and number
two because I get extreme relaxation out
of it
like doing networking and figuring out
it just really relaxes me it's really
easy to do it's not sometimes it's a bit
tricky but it's really fun and relaxing
at the same time and that that is why I
get a kick out of it this morning I've
just been editing together a little bit
of a wedding
real types things but all the weddings
at the past weddings I've shot animated
together show rule I'm going to start
working on my website or edited this
together this morning the bat should be
up on my website soon and I'm really
going to start pushing all of this stuff
with you guys I'm really going to start
pushing my business out there and I'm
bringing you guys along with me I
thought of this last night I thought I'm
going to push you a dream that I want
you to do to become like a really good
cinematographer and I'm going to bring
you guys along with me in the form of
this vlog right hold that thought
I need to go at the Builder in the
office oh no no way no way finally
arrived it's finally here
my office is just full of boxes
computers what's dustin but what's this
UPS thing what's in there is mad it
might not be mad to a lot of people but
this is mad to me I'm gonna have to come
back to the office and box that later
I'm gonna come do it like oh my day no I
don't know I think I think the builders
here yet it's Carly the driveway oh yes
ma'am in the office
yeah awesome I'm just I'm just enough
against something the way I always run
it right now right I'll open the back
doors mate what time of evening then
just last day start plastering it yeah
you really think it or plastic before
you do that but I thought what I might
do all because of Windows
we've got our wedding video just on
repeat on that monitor just there I'm
just keep just keep glancing at it
emotion 100% happy with it I've imagined
you guys earlier it's not like a full-on
it's much more just a show reel and a
show reel is like something that
highlights your work like it's your best
work in two or three minutes is like a
show reel this best have all my stuff on
it in background you guys know about
this I bought one of these sand disk
drives to take with me to to New Zealand
last year to the portal-to-portal of my
footage on it it's one of the extreme
ones it's meant to be really really
tough
it broke halfway around New Zealand I
sent it back from Sanders
they got my data off it put it on a
newer Drive and sent that to me the
exact same thing happened to the new
drive it broke so here we are third
drive in under a year and I really hope
to take another day throw up the old
broken one and put it on this one in my
opinion though a very poor product just
doing what you guys to make the same
estate live I all means go out and buy
one if you want one but I'm just telling
you my experience with it nothing good
but I'll quit meeting over the road I'm
just going to nip there but I'm not
going to take my camera with me oh yeah
oh yeah about yourself
look good make this you've got about
7,000 with the open 8 now if you can get
up to 15 or 20 well that was short and
sweet right it's not sort of timed up
the network a little bit more now I've
got this fiber optic cables coming down
to this I'm going to use this program it
is a network switch to all these sports
workers network switching I'm just
having a really chill day today doing a
bit of networking because they're just
really something I just really really
really enjoyable sowed in a bit of drone
flying too so I'm just been messing
about with all this gear for now but I
need to go back to the office because
the build of the core may send they want
to go home let's go and see what they've
done sort of look hot well that's
amazing ha as we go let's say good is
that yeah look at that I've meant run
tomorrow morning yeah or I would
appreciate we have worked
oh god I don't even know what to say
look at these I cannot face our this is
so cool guys this is plus for the people
that don't know how this works right we
put the boards on the wall like this
with all these gaps in then they plaster
over it so it goes really smooth and
then I believe it gets the next step is
for it to be painted but look how smooth
it looks like it just looks wet then
imagine when the Brutus oh it's gonna be
so good man it's gonna be so good I've
been told this is going to take a while
to dry so I'm not allowed to touch it
and if I can do leave the lights on but
I'm not going to miss any more but holy
hell
this is immense this is this is getting
real now this is getting a little too
real too fast
Wow yeah me is dying to really hurt from
jumping down here it's like that really
hurt like I think I'm gonna see doctor
about it I should not have been doing
that alright so I told you guys I've
been reading a few really a few books
recently like life improvement tips how
can I not let the small things but I'm
good reading a book that's called I
think it's called don't let the small
dose it's called don't sweat the small
stuff everything is small stuff
I'm including for the title of and it's
been it's been one sinister like driven
and motivated recently like in the last
few weeks because of this book pretty
much what this book I pretty much what
this book is saying when it's saying
everything is small stuff what I think
is pretty much every single problem in
your lives is a small problem things
that we think a big in reality in
comprise into the rest of the world
they're very small problems
so we're saying pretty much nine times
none of the problems in your life are
very small and it's telling you not to
sweat them not to let them bother you
and reason recently recently things have
been having us have been letting things
get to me I mean laying ball I haven't
been sweating it I haven't been letting
it affect the amount of happiness that I
over the last sort of two weeks has been
insane and I'm only like a quarter of
the way into this book and I was telling
someone that I was reading this book and
they said they have some advice for me
and then kind of blew me away a little
bit right because it's real advice and I
just want to talk to you guys about it
and the phrase goes right people are
batteries right what happens with a
battery about a battery gets charged up
and then it goes down right and if you
put two batteries together they can work
together to provide a stronger current
right you can even charge another
battery up with another battery right
and the CERN people in the world right
that will charge you up the same people
that will charge you up one of those
people for me is Jordan out of anyone
whenever I'm with him we always have a
good time even when we're working and
doing things we charge each other what
we feed off each others of each other's
each other's like positive energy and
then and then on the other hand you get
those people where they use your energy
and don't give you any energy back
focusing mainly here on positive energy
and it's really good to have positive
energy people it's also really good to
give positive energy I think I give
quite quite a lot of positive energy out
there on the internet through this blog
I'm always bubbling sometimes people are
like a little bit deterred by my videos
I get a lot of comments not a lot of
comments but I see the old comment like
Alex your videos like safer Alex your
your your blog isn't a vlog because
you're acting but I'm not acting at all
like I always see the positive in any
situation I'm always looking for the
positives out of a situation I'm never
focusing on the negatives and never
focus on negatives I hate them you've
got to embrace the negatives but doesn't
them affect you even when I'm at the NGO
coffee house in a horrible acting
cobwebs in my hair getting really dirty
and sweating my knuckles off I'm still
super super super happy I'm still super
super positive and it's not saying well
I go generally I'm kind of a little bit
high on life you could say I like it I
kind of like it let me get a laugh
forever but I kind of like it oh my god
oh oh this is not this this is a mesh
Wi-Fi system that's the Rooter
and then you plug these two devices in
somewhere random in your house and they
pick up the Wi-Fi from this and like in
a way extend it but it's not extending
it's it's like a mesh system so it's
better than extending it it like boosts
bit I'm just having such a chill day
today I'm just been like so half got
super early got a load of work done
start with anything like a full-on like
lunch full-on wedding show real this
morning but all my emails and Justin
chilling for the rest of the day
it felt so good right just to cure my
OCD I need to get ready for tomorrow so
for tomorrow I need a few pairs of jeans
a few t-shirts some running gear and a
jumper just in case and also some tech a
light tech no I mean I really really
like tech and then of course a bag to
put it all in sweet there we go that is
everything I need I need to get all of
this into that bag market holiday is
really easy when you have the power of
video editing the power of video editing
on your side
we sorted out everything in the last I
put a new switch in up here here's of
the sky queue so no HDMI splitter that's
this box off with two TVs all the
cabling is up here to my W is P my
wireless internet service provider that
I do got the cable coming in for the
main broadband then all these three
cables go off to the transmitters on top
of my house which send the broadband
over to my neighbor's houses this is all
stuff that I settle but this is all
stuff I get up to on camera this is all
stuff I do in my spare time and today
has been like a little bit of a tester
what I wanted to do is trying to show
you guys that what I do usually
off-camera this is a sort of stuff I get
up to like I'm all about improving and
making things better and all of this is
like one segment of my company Mars
media where I sell broadband to people
but I physically I physically supply
houses in my neighborhood with broadband
like that is my responsibility I'm 19
years old and I also do all this wedding
photography and cinematography not as
much as I used to because this
networking stuff has taken over that and
so is this vlog I see these cut I see
comments like Alex you give us all this
advice but we never actually see you
doing anything do you even like work or
what and yeah but I use the vlogs as my
really really really fun time the stuff
that I do you know that's really fun
then if you guys want to see this all
stuff when I'm doing my actual client
what this is what you guys will see like
maybe briefly I'm not sure but like I do
work extremely hard it's currently
almost two o'clock in the morning do you
know I mean like and this date isn't a
one-off I'm up to like two three four
a.m. most mornings like the video I did
the other day where I was like hey guys
I'm really happy because I got up at
8:30 went for a run and there was like a
comment on there with like five hundred
thumbs up and it was like Alex you
clearly haven't worked a day in your
life if you think getting to put eight
30s and achievement yeah it's an
achievement if you go to bed at 4:30
a.m. it's definitely an achievement in
fact it's probably a bit of an under
achievement because sleep is very
important and you need like six to seven
to eight hours sleep every day going to
bed it's 3:30 4 o'clock I'm waking up at
8:30 probably isn't a healthiest thing
to do especially as soon as you wake up
going for a run as well and this is what
I go up to like in my main hours this is
my this is my job by doing all of this
stuff and making sure everything's ok it
gives me the knowledge to go install at
places like the angel coffee house and
things like that that's how I know what
I'm doing kind of with it in the vlogs
it comes across as every single day I'm
just I just get up
have fun and just do fun things and
that's not the case at all like the vlog
is very fun yeah cuz I love to do fun
things who doesn't love to get up to fun
things that's my vlog is this vlog is
the excuse for my fun times and just
doing stupid things and having a good
laugh and giving you guys advice right
so answer the question how much money do
I earn very vaguely in a previous
episode the reason it was very vague is
because people ask the question Alex how
much money do I earn there's no set
amount to how much iron as I explained
it depends on how much client work I get
how busy I am and what's going on it's
not recurring income the only recurring
income I habits and the people that pay
me for the broadband but there's
numerous claims and they're all on
different tiers have broadband like some
of them are on five megabits a second
some of them are on 10 fuse around 30
which is my highest package so I could
add all that up and pull all that
together but the main question I get is
how much do I charge for example let's
take the age of coffeehouse public Wi-Fi
install that took me 2 hours to set up
and about three and a half hours the
previous morning from 11 a.m. till 3:30
a.m. to configure it all I charged the
angel coffee house for that install 450
pounds right 200-300 that was the
equipment but I have a special
relationship with the into a coffee
house I'm not going to overcharge them
for work that's not what I would usually
charge for that why did for the end of
coffee house if it was for a client that
I didn't know I would probably charge
800 to a thousand pounds for something
like that now it's like a splash page
really join in has a picture of the
angel coffee house and it's all
configured on VLANs and everything takes
a lot of work there's 40 pounds but how
much do I charge for something like the
engine coffee hours that you guys have
seen that didn't the vlog a few days ago
for a client I don't know between 800
and a thousand pounds
they again passed on with your charge
there you go I can't really say much
more than that that's it but for that we
said it's 2:16 a.m. in the morning
