I do again high five high five tears my
by Philip D D work and the love that he
has in his heart for what he's done is I
was talking about you need enthusiasm
you need really love for anything you do
to do to do to do
extremely busy dates or does London
apparently a few reasons but those
reasons I'm not really a hundred percent
sure just yet another Gawker for meeting
the need to attempted and I'm also well
as a couple of events on one of them
being Samsung or more than being Google
of which I'm invited to vote
first off little bit of lunch or brunch
if you want to call it brunch this place
look very very fancy and also very very
bit I own an estate and check out how
awesome this knife is and it's anyway if
you like my products and boxing's in the
in the office this is super sweet and I
hope I hope this naked thing I've just
had a meal at this place that's on the
upstairs Terrace on the look out of this
thing and there's like loads of like
fountains and stuff the mill was with
like my manager he helps me like do some
bits and bobs on YouTube every now and
again we meet in London and yep a little
meal there and for some reason they're
not doing it now but there was all these
fountains and they were all going really
high but now there's just people riding
their bike so much look with kids in the
band that was awesome great to catch up
with him we're now going to an event a
meeting with Xbox and apparently we need
to run because we're a little bit behind
schedule
so that was a very quick meeting with
Xbox they're actually taking me down to
e3 in summer amazing it's in LA and I've
never been to LA before there isn't
taking me down to e3 in LA in the summer
is because the new project project
Scorpio I think is cool Denny's flagship
console is being released and I'm going
to get like the first look at the new
console in LA when it's released and
that's what that meeting was just about
it's all confirmed I'm going to LA with
you so I'm super super psyched about
that this this is going to be math right
with that out the way now I'm going to
go and do something which I should have
done weeks ago so I have arrived on to
region Street and we're walking straight
past it we're walking straight past it
it's right there oh there it is he's
trying to cross the road in a safe
manner and not get now
so unfortunately beforehand I forgot to
do the month if you get any map book and
by the way I'm not taking any map up are
competing I'm going to keep it because
it's working well for me you know I love
filming it it's lamely edit my videos
which is brilliant
now this isn't what I'm coming here for
but this is the red iPhone 7 plus not
going to be buying this one because it's
got a white screen on it the bullet on a
black screen of maybe consider it
because it's quite nice but that's no
one here for what I need to buy is one
of these and
one of them that is what I need to get
the job done
sonia pass these micro perilla pod there
we go mission success rather I've just
spent like 28 pounds 30 pound on Apple
adapters now now to the Google event I'm
not sure what to expect they're more
stairs that's all our now peak times in
the underground this isn't good
we literally just send six o'clock get
the Apple pay on this ready and then I'm
on Victoria northbound I really also
express this Google event whoa so let's
do this yeah
that it when I build in my mind Oh
photo ID using skin high five high five
cheers man basically Auto there's uber
driver I've ever had honestly please
don't tell me alpha this is a bad event
I have no idea what's going on this
place called the ugly duck and it's
organized via Google so that's just a
show and I wonder who owned this RA it's
probably inside oh my god hello
cloakroom I've ever seen ever so this is
a Google event and I've got them in for
me so this event they're releasing a few
products for the home
more specifically Google home in the UK
you know the things that you can I've
already got one at home you know I think
I'm lighting the kitchen
the key to bringing me food they're also
releasing Google Wi-Fi in the UK as well
as but it's all the home product it's
really really really cool apparently
we're going to test it all out later
which is really cool so this event is
actually a meal as you can see I'm sorry
table right now there's a full meal
which is a very very strange I've never
done the do before last about a dividend
was the Google pixel so this taken a bit
of a different term the try something
different and I like it
the main reason I like it because it
gives me food and I love to contribute
quite a while well I will start
imaginary and but enough of that enjoy
your food we're going to be milling
around having the computers any progress
at all option but other than that yeah
enjoy have a good evening with these
things they are X Factor X chef they
lock on X Factor last year but I'm
assuming my instructor said nice to chef
not a smoker so I'm assuming the food
will be of top-notch quality these are a
sous chefs for the evening
yeah I really do grab the deck take
there we go
they just billion I'm Jack we're really
exactly that way so I very much
yes my mom the mill has all been
finished now is very nice meal I then
tried to take some photos of me holding
four for Google homes in one and it
didn't it didn't work very well
we're going to get like a personal tour
of what the Google home of what the
Google homes did well I like listening
to some music and guys I had because my
over there so thank you very done though
I appreciate what that kid guys thank
you very much enjoy the rest of the told
you appreciate it guys thank you I just
put up at the train station okay see ya
okay just pulled up with surprise and in
a dress happy with it alright are you
doing here wait for my pop I'll train
again no I just came over the bridge
until I trying to run after them
dejected oh my god oh my god just just
just read that jesus said it is
absolutely genius I know no more hard
guys someone just thought under I could
do thanks for sending me this cable to
turn on my computer that's in the other
room from my desk the jeans are that is
absolutely genius
he carried light for the day Philip
you're a legend
momentary 3 2 1
hey how's amazing you guys you guys are
the best
you
