this is the bag full of VR kit for the
office that was division yesterday - why
is it warm in here this is the bag full
of VR gear that we put together
yesterday which is going to be for the
new room
haiji okay I do enjoy eating chicken G
it's a little cheeky and then this is
just a bad day to drop some stuff off in
it this office before before we do
today's jobs fantasy stuff dropped off
after the office you get worth money
again let's go fix that we do it that's
why it's midwinter our guardian
I will try get impatient today's work my
devotion
reiji this is the plan we have to get
the angel coffee Alton still today we
have to get from that box open to the
loss somehow and it's also a plug bucket
down there which I've got an extension
cable which runs up to the loft to the
really extend only don't worry the
hammer he realized this is my install
but I've just learned today we've got
the BT home of they're bringing in the
internet that goes up to the ubiquity
USG unit just there
and then I've got this power is roller
dangerous-looking power thing but it's
also is protected and everything and
then that goes to a tp-link switch which
is just there which connects to the
ubiquity cloud key which resists which
also connects to this here we inject to
which then goes all the way down to the
back there - well a little circled disc
which is the UAP AC HD from ubiquitous
that top and access point it's got like
loads of features like a multi-user mimo
or MIMO whatever you want to say this is
a boss a successor all powered by
ubiquity gear is literally the bed like
this ubiquity stuff everyone get network
instead of this is the stuff again all
the network speeds are limited so if you
connect to the guest network it comes up
with a splash page you have to put in a
password and then it's limited to like
10 MEK down and 3 mega the stuff
networks as well are also limited to
make sure it doesn't throttle the rest
of the connection and thanks Jordan for
helping me mate I appreciate it and that
looks absolutely sweet as wicked hey RJ
right see see how thick the wall is on
this building it's mental it's like it's
like ridiculously thick right let's see
how far we can go and still get signal
those cobwebs in my hair that is the
coffeehouse all the way back there right
it's all good having signal but does it
work let's do a google search and yep
you're on Google everything working fine
is still hopeful could probably go down
there but I'm not going I think that is
mission sucks there this is where people
were sitting outside so as long as it
works here then we're all good yeah
sweet I've clean the face of baby wipes
they look a little bit more presentable
it's a bit more sensible my house
probably still got cobwebs in it but you
know what we've done jeez you know what
I've just realized what you pointed it
out to me we have just work hard
anywhere we have hunt where we have a
literally worked hard anywhere anywhere
in a loft and worked hard in the loft
worked hard in a coffee shop we're
always working hard G I think that
doesn't up touch them to bones autumn
man let's get back shouting shout
My Ride sweet
mid-afternoon right now absolutely
incredibly busy morning for me God came
straight to the office met Jordan here
went some food with Jordan good ol
Nando's feeling G kick straight to the
end your coffee house took a lot longer
than I thought to do that install here's
a photo that's going to be brilliant
because we talked about equipment that
I've just installed I can look at the
statistics of what people are viewing
online and what they're doing online in
a coffee shops all your typical person
in a copy shop is generally doing
are they on Facebook social media
streaming video YouTube Instagram
Twitter whatever they're doing I'll be
able to build up a little database and
see what's going on for that unscrew
things earlier they so we can finish up
this room all the all the sockets around
this room but talking talking about this
room though Wow I don't know if it comes
across as an attic space with some balls
on the wall or it comes across as a sort
of really rundown room that used to just
be filled with rubbish that's now going
to be turned into a full-on gaming and
live streaming room I don't have a
chance that you've you talked already
being this room for the past like a few
days I've been in here with the builders
and serpents and very rush just
brilliant yes step back and just have a
look at this room for what it is and
what we've achieved here all of us
together on the channel including qts a
massive part of this QT you guys left
all the feedback on the Qt page and I've
tried to follow what you guys have been
saying on that kiti page as much as I
can some ones they get chrome sockets
instead of white ones we got chrome
sockets so once they've put the wall
here we've put a wall there some once
they've actually put Dibble lights in
the ceiling so that when you're gaming
you can still have the lights on but you
can have them nice and dim again like I
always say and this is my motto for like
doing YouTube and stuff it's interaction
with you guys this camera to me that I'm
talking to you right now isn't a brick
wall right this is a portal but I'm
looking right into on thousands of
people's screens and you guys are
interacting and putting the comments and
feeling back all this information
and I'm acting upon it and putting it
back through this portal to you guys
beauty of it is I can include you guys
and I can take your guys advice and I
think that lies the bit that amazes me
the most it's hard enough just trying to
get through it might put some handles or
something somewhere but come through oh
I can do it just this is looking
absolutely brilliant I cannot wait I
can't I can't wait for the main Channel
video to start this is going to be an
amazing series oh my god it is about to
go down
holy balls can you hear that
hi 5 o'clock I've been in the car for
two minutes there's the last your
buddies to come our main camera and it's
like on dark thunder line it is
absolutely felting is every turn about
now
my hands
they'd be giving you be giving away
you'll be giving away two phones yeah
because one is them one that I invited
right is also going to win because I
invited it that was a quick that was a
quick conference call have just had with
someone from a company called a company
a company called nice the company is
called nice and they specialize on they
specialize on you putting together a
wish list of protect products that you
want and then the app like tells you if
that product goes on sale and gives you
that the best price for it I haven't
done this in a while through two one
there we get June time I'm ready
change channels in my mind is just fish
work where is it
a good baby she's just arrived from work
he's gone to his car to get something we
were going to go run to the office we're
going to go on to the office and do the
rest of the electrician but there's no
point in doing that cuz the building
just told me he's not coming back
tomorrow he's going to come Thursday
night so we'll get this will get the
electric work done soon so geez Bhaiji
showing what we've both bought right
we've both got one separately three two
one boom we have these right disclaimer
we didn't steal them
G and I both love Nando's and we go
there are like yes but we didn't steal
these these are the these are the metal
what you call of my table placement up
they put them they put this on your
table when you're at Nando's right and
it just proves that someone's at the
table they're made out of metal they're
really high-quality we didn't steal them
right you can actually buy them on eBay
so gene are both bought one separately
granted thinking about it as dressing
the stolen from eBay our motive is
feeling wasn't there we bought these
from eBay maybe seems maybe people that
previously worked at Nando's took them
and put the money I don't know whatever
the story is we didn't steal them we
bought them off eBay and we both have
one
so what I did purposely for this was I
went out and bought this jelly baby Jing
the reason I got this one the paper bat
one is because it has a black a black
string on it
so when you look at that there we go
hanging in my car a proper metal nando's
thing that looks absolutely wicked oh my
god a little bit that's amazing
Ong does probably one of the most
pointless and fun things live at the
same time plus the physical space of
today bro preciate help it'd be a copy
else's Duff and I'll see you I'll see
you soon
today has been with lack of a better
word to explain it tiring and fun always
fun hanging around with Jordan and I
finally got the engine copy ask install
out the way so as I mentioned guys I'm
absolutely knackered from today I'm
actually a really busy day tomorrow up
early on my train straight to London got
a meeting with can I say it got a
meeting with Samsung and then also
dessert so I'm going to go jump in the
bath get into bed at wake up tomorrow
and jump on my train guys but for now -
nights you guys been awesome stay
awesome guys keep smiling catch you in
tomorrow's vlog adios
you
