hello hi
I love with video I appreciate that
thank you very much one of my favorite
chocolates in the world or like favorite
little naughty treats is the cabbage
cream egg
I don't know if it's naughty because I
like them so much because they're only
out at one period of the year so you
only get to enjoy them at one section of
the year Easter I felt like today Monday
the 27th of March I'll be the day that I
first bite into a coverage cream egg for
2017 write up about quick mega-deal I'm
now 5 minutes late my Monday morning
meeting let's go hey you sent me a
message put me know you sent me Casilla
message list so guys how y'all doing
anyway my name is Alex and welcome back
to a Monday in the life of me I've just
had one meeting this morning and that is
all the meetings I have my only thing
that I have today I have done so I'm
super super happy about that
that's cool but I'm going to put it back
in the box because I don't want to
tackle with that today exactly my life
these are the boxes are interested in
today these two money boxes on a
thoroughly digital absolutely awesome
gear in here of my Jesus or by the site
for nerd eyes that look at that for
ubiquity unify AC HD Pro wireless access
point that's cool these are all from the
project this one is for my client
tomorrow I'm installing some more limits
Mar this is for them oh my Wow buy some
add wireless access point so all this
stuff is what apply and install of which
which I have to do tomorrow more stuff
they're moving tub I'm in networking
heaven right now these Pig advisors are
absolutely loving this massive one I'm
actually going to put on the roof of
this building and this thing and this
thing is going to earn me money when I
set it up like it's going to earn me
money I'm going to make it broadcast a
wireless network for my tower my office
building is right in the middle of town
I'm going to make it broadcast at a free
Wi-Fi network and when people click on
it to join it they get 15 minutes free
it's gonna be superfast internet and
then was the 3 15 minutes is up they
have to pay for it they have to pay like
five pound it for an hour of internet
access this is gonna this is going to
earn me money was a really busy next
couple of days of assembling this client
install tomorrow I'm not I'm not in my
hometown on Wednesday and on Friday I'm
not even in this country so today we're
just going to have the chills lock it's
going to be a good
spicy sauce spaghetti prawns and
broccoli
put some of the new equipment in the
lounge downstairs because I'm going to
go configure that later after I finished
recording this vlog this evening that's
for the coffee shop tomorrow and then
all of this stuff in here is all stuff
for my house this is what I'm going to
be upgrading my internet without this
house I don't mind at work at the moment
is very very strong
but there's always room for improvement
I look so cool what is that it's amazing
bro that's amazing well done mate that's
awesome what does that does that plastic
bit like mist up over his head yeah only
broken should we hardcore fix it Jakob
Ammann apart I'm gonna put some
superglue in it right already look nice
you better lift that up yeah without
snapping off right wicked I say your new
model we move this one out the way for
the new one there and then put him back
in there and none of those controllers
are falling off the wall so I probably
got something well I've got something
that I kind of I kind of need to say so
deep down in my heart right I'm a nerd
not showing characteristics of life
especially the capacity to sustain life
but then the word nerd actually means it
actually means you have a very little
social life it means you're not very
active and you're always tired I'm
probably always tying it because I'm
always busy work but I'd like to think I
have a very very very good social life I
also do exercise five times a week
whether that be running or in the gym
though is that being said and need to
sort out this room right how am I going
to sort this out step one and it's
thought out the cable management
all this stuff down here and it's just
it's just not like me check out this
YouTube hoodie I've just found else we
have we guys do everything now is
looking a lot better let me talk you
through what I've done the first and
foremost the desk is now completed other
than the fact that I need to bring that
Belvedere bottle forward there's no
scraggly cables messing about down there
if you get down low as you can see
there's no cables showing through I
think in all the VR stuff which includes
the oculus and the PlayStation VR all
idea is this bag which I've named VR
gear what I'm going to do with that is
take that ran to the office for the new
gaming room live streaming room that's
being built right now by doing that it
tidied up everything down here so got a
bit a mess here but we're getting the
new computer soon so I'm going to leave
this until then this area is looking a
lot cleaner to PlayStation Xbox Synology
Nath unit I need to get some short
cables to this and it looks a lot more
you know slimline all in good time
I've even tidied up the remote control
or RC charging unit down there so I've
got the three batteries of the inspire
on charges there and these are for the
light so this is looking a lot better -
as I say we're currently waiting to get
the new PC built so we can sort out this
shelf and all the cables to do with this
well I'll stuff in cleaning I've found
I've found in El Gato
HD 60s so I'm going to take this round
to the office put it in this bag with
all the VR gear I also found the
chromecast so I'll put that in there too
this can be all stuff for the new room
also found at my old Apple please leave
so that can go in there too and a spool
of LEDs you never know you never know
when they'll come in handy so this is
now the bag of DF for the new room and
all the other ubiquity gear like that
big switch the three access points the
new router and the cloud key right
the upgrades I'm doing to this house as
far as the network is concerned but for
now everything is looking super super
clean even in this room the little
computer room with the drone up there
looking sweet I'm going to be doing a
special video soon on my main channel
about my top 5 tips to keeping setups
and still clean and keeping them tidy
desk setup tips if you guys have any
tips leave them down in the comment
section down below
but I've got all that gear I need to go
and configure for the coffee house
tomorrow so I'm going to head up and put
this box you're here guys
might as well like you guys have an
awesome guys sales and keep smiling
catch you in tomorrow's video I do
you
