they should hit 9 11 a.m. for my finale
because the plots of change I'm feeling
a little bit rough because I'm mad
Ashley I'm going to get an early morning
and I never run in the daytime it was
too early for that builders in this
morning hopefully by the end of today
Sunday we should get this wall done
going to be a lot of work but
determination is on our side
very last weather as well I've looked at
the forecast that probably it's going to
be good all week so that means I'm going
to be happy all week tilde is in fact
living room we're putting in a false
wall where the TV is going to be a Volvo
installs all of the LED lights in the
ceiling so that's good
for the fans and for I really really
hope this thing works the plaster is
just arrived the auto shop is the
plasterer he is here to well have a look
at it so you can see how much plaster is
going to need I'm a human what other one
anything fancy doing to the room really
everyone can sort of go with the flow
the edges are like really jugular like
horrible edges on the you can see what's
up here that's not a straight line it's
like as I said we'll try and do this
room on a budget like the best job we
can do for a budget so just going with
the flow is the best option here right
hopefully this battery will work with
the phantom 4 and then and then I can
give it away to one of you guys so the
clocks won but last night we now get an
extra hour of daylight which is
absolutely brilliant especially with us
just getting a massive array of this
really good weather I'm really enjoying
it
but look super early this morning I had
a really terrible night's sleep last
night so I want to talk about that a
little bit yeah last night had a really
terrible night's sleep I waking up in
the night and it was horrible with the
clocks changing I didn't get to sleep
till half past two and then I woke up at
8 o'clock now I'm usually an evening
runner right I usually get my day done
and then go for a run but but know what
I'm going to do I'm going to get out of
a kick start my day with a run possibly
one of the worst and best ideas together
that I've ever had I felt physically
sick when I got back and when I was on
the run but now I feel like I've
accomplished something feel like I've
accomplished something that wouldn't
have a sort of do it and now I've
experienced that I think I'm gonna do it
a lot more I think what co-op I do yeah
what about two hours in a bit
yeah
I am bro are you ready I've left the
builders at the office so why - March I
will go see grandma aren't we yeah okay
then you said to me yesterday come here
you said to me yesterday that you wanted
to do some stuffs and more stuff do you
set up there got any ideas coming to
destiny
he will did not hang out controllers
upon the wall and is that what you want
to do put the controls on the wall how
can we do that though I'm thinking about
change
no no I've got a better idea than that
I've literally just thought of this
really cool idea that we can use I think
think where is it I swear I had some
where is it had some velcro somewhere
but proper velcro still people what I
found about the velcro yes we do this
thing then right what should we do are
we going to put your controllers on the
wall because that we've always always
said bowing you've always if you wanted
to put your controls in the walls today
we'll do it how many controllers have
you got now we don't need to do the TV
control a bit boring we will do the Wii
controllers I thought what we could do
is because we can't really stick velcro
to the Wii controllers that we can stick
velcro to the Wii the tennis things
can't wait on the back of there
so there Jake what I was thinking was
this two sides two velcro right you have
two different sides so one of them is
running rough feel that one and then one
of them is really soft you know that one
that so we want the soft one on the
controllers don't work so what I was
thinking look if we cut down here like
this look first about a little bit like
that and then what we can do on the back
of our first controller like that look
yeah so now you can still play xbox you
don't even feel it on the back plug and
then we need to put some of this on the
wall well attach them to that and stay
like that yeah and then are you ready
three two one push now we know this
method what yeah that's good as much as
you read it two more yeah
because remember you still want to be
able to take the battery packs off don't
you in case they break there you go
there we go two - two more controllers
now and then these bits need to go on
the wall don't they straight as you can
just put it against there and that's it
done oh we can't zoom out as amazing
isn't it how we've done that we're
juniors is bro knuckle-touch
boom they wanted to do this he wanted to
do these two now we're geniuses Jacob
you wanna have one that side of the TV
will not side of the TV but you do that
one then careful then push them down
Jacob sweet check out that's amazing is
me a little because this is really cool
what were you going to put the blinds
down to see the LEDs on okay Wow Wow
Jacob do you got you LEDs by James
o'clock what something different on
Freddie
boom look at that and you got your magic
controllers look at them badges
now cool at night we know good job boom
okay that is a yes thanks Ally
right now it's not a problem I need to
go and let the bills back out the upper
because I think that finish yes okay
right I'll do in a bit then
heyo
oh yeah look at some very good well Oman
business Lord what are they
this is a maze feels like a proper room
now genuinely can't wait for it to be
plastered and painted and I'm gonna cop
it down so I like this
oh my I'm buying the board Wow I went in
the wall into the window and a clock
well these contact me over the game okay
tomorrow
yeah thanks about today appreciate it
cheers mate
guys we give up with it all dark and
then I come down here and plug this in
now this is just temporary but that
turns on all the lights look at that man
looking for the light side of the desk
working here I can look up there and
there's literally another room this is
my visit this is the best I've ever seen
it this is the best it's ever been like
starting to feel it's massive as well I
was so much more space affordably
builders plus some special
reinforcements behind this bit of the
wall because obviously is going to be a
mount they're going on the wall for a TV
I'm talking to leave this gap in here
for now in case we decide to use a
projector instead but I don't think we
will be but what a very Sunday mornings
work this this is Matt and I just want
to go ahead and say I know it's Mother's
Day today I'm not seeing my mother
because she's currently in Las Vegas
with a boyfriend
so moment you watching happy Mother's
Day I sent you a text
but it hasn't delivered so answer the
questions answer the questions why not
we've only one of the day that's why
she's she's live in open Vegas at the
moment so that's that's cool hope you
have a great time
that though it's absolutely amazing
so obviously obviously I can't see my
mum so instead I'm going to go I'm going
for a meal with the whole family and my
grandma's coming someone's day so that
should be fun
three sure Tom had done gotta go see
grandma now
brilliant guys and I've just made it
home it smells dark outside I haven't
loved much this afternoon from like 6:00
p.m. onwards obviously now's out for a
meal with my grandma I then went to
catch it with an old girl that I used to
go to school with we used to hang around
all the time that's better out our
catching up with her so that was that
was really nice so much to catch up on
and so many stories to tell and then
actually went out for one of my friends
Thursday's where bowling was really fun
I genuinely really like bowling
like mean Jordan went on Friday and then
I went again this evening just fine
shank and it was honestly really fun
like and it was a lot of you guys that
watch my videos like this this vlog
thing reaches a fair amount of people if
there's anyone out there but like does
bowling professionally and you live like
round nottingham or lincoln or you know
giving up on Twitter because I'd love to
go bowling and I pick up some tips and
maybe do like a little bit of training
over me I find it really fun and it's
just really relaxing tomorrow is the
start of a fresh new week let's try hit
this one hard for now mine's not like
you guys have been awesome by sales and
keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog oh yes
well
