you see that band in the back letters
because my back isn't strong enough to
all these weights for us
mashallah Oh Saturday morning quickie
obsession finished
good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome
welcome to this sunny this sunny
Saturday let's go into the office
today's Saturday not a cloud in the sky
again so I'm feeling I'm feeling super
good today
the massive change when the weather's
good
Ricky Miguel super early because it's
making me appreciate appreciate the
weather more that I can't wait for the
clock to move so again we get an extra
hour bit because this is golden come to
church Ave is literally golden I mean
two hours I've got myself some baby
wipes to keep at the office some baby
wipes at home and shave this for my face
and also a quick protein shake the
complete is looking sweet I'm keeping it
turned off for now though because I
don't want all the fans looking in all
the dust from from this room as you can
see there's a lot of dust coming from up
here
well study the step up here which is so
distinct
got some work to do in the new room
today mid-afternoon on Saturday
unfortunately when Jordan was doing some
work he accidentally ripped out one of
my lights of which I only had two of
them so I've been to buy another pack
and what there was a picture of a three
pack of them but we're going to use one
of them to replace this one I'm probably
going to put another one just here to
the three here and then and then have
one back here for a bit of a welcome
light
now I'm just going away for the Builder
to come tomorrow
so we can let me run the cable for them
by sitting is the make or break of a
room so if you guys ever designing
anything in the future like I set up
even a simple one desk lamp or set of
LEDs will just change the whole thing so
whatever you do take my advice and just
don't skimp out on lighting right I need
to go because I've got a mission that
I've wanted to complete today
wait let me let me show you why this is
my toolbox then it's got and it's got a
really special feature that not many
other toolboxes have right it's a fact
but you can remove the lid I don't know
why I'm whispering and all of our tools
are just a massive net and I really want
to solve ow because it's driving me nuts
all three guys got your pizza
my selfie with some awesome lads outside
that was really fun made my favor this
looks like the one see little sections
to it you can open this bit and this
small little hammer because it looks so
cool we've got that and that look at
this three pound 52 for a little Drive a
set that looks good sent it or put that
in the box
look at this badass set here bottle
filler up and I'm going to put a little
clove in worn in there single thread and
some small one right I can get rid of
this because I've found all of these for
the exact same price we then and I've
got everything ready
basically honest I think I've got
everything
brilliant guys just got back spread the
cap go on easy through the hue thing
right I've just bought all of this all
of this gear
it will mean absolutely nothing if this
if this isn't organized
we now we go for the tools sorted out
I've got my name on the to last long
screw short screws plastic plugs mini
drill bits for the bigger tools down
bottom and then over there
Paul like my spare tools in that toolbox
down there in this one this has got the
necessities in it that one that one's
the overflow it just looks good when I
turn up to a job installing some
internet or something and I have all my
tools in a nice little box it makes me
look really cute doesn't it maybe Q's
not the right word professional right
and I'm going to get a few questions
people say Alex why people baby white
stork edition well the reason poor baby
wives and no it's not because I've got a
kid on the way
I know it's silly as it sounds baby
white absolutely brilliant
a cleaning tech and because they are
ever so slightly a tiny little bit wet
they'll pick up all the dust on top of
the unit and leave it sparkly clean look
at that
and those raises what obviously
obviously my face I okay I was woken up
this morning by the FedEx man and he's
given me this and when I get one of
these packages I know exactly exactly
what's inside and it always just really
really improved me it's all mine
as to what we get so we've got some zgi
wraps
we've always spray-painted the drone a
carven wrap for the Phantom but this
this is what I'm more excited about oh
my god you get some Wrigley's gum this
is come all the way from America not
100% sure how long that's been in this
box for oh okay I like the leather one I
think I like the wooden one a little bit
more
there isn't much customizability about
these laptops but your kaprun them up
and put them inside and that new RAM or
anything - the only way to customize
them is to make them look different
because at the end of the day this is
just a bit of metal isn't it with some
stuff inside it and stuff inside this is
no different - good old Jim over there
who's bought the exact same one as me
it's no different right and I don't like
that's why this case is one of my new
favorite places because it's different
look at that anymore but I like I like
to be different so I always say you
can't influence the world by trying to
be like it so push the boat out
look at that that looks insane whenever
anybody excellent raps always send me
out some skins for it I'm not sponsored
to put them on or told to put them on a
plate to put them on any of my devices I
just would buy them if I didn't you
didn't send them because I love them
pops do it my laughs MacBook well we've
hit the box up there look
that's my last map book look at that
budget and then I was a matter of debate
you know good I'll go with deep brand or
slick raps but I just don't you can be
this natural series from slicker up I
think that amends but until I started to
wear cases on my phone because I always
drop them and break them I used to rock
slick wraps wraps on my phone all the
time like ears have leather ones on the
back I even went through the stage of
having natural theories ones on there
there we go so that's the bottom and the
top protected I'll leave the inside if
it is because it just looks good enough
I like that but looks amazing but now
all people see that don't think that
this guy's this guy's something to is
matte book that most people haven't and
I like that I like being different
because let's face it I just look
different than everyone else like a look
like a monkey but I'm cool with that
there's my laptop three ask if you guys
know any of the little mods you can do
to a MacBook to make it a little bit
more personal and please let me know in
the comments because I'd love to know
 smell doing things like this and
this is the only way to make that thing
personal as well as obviously applying a
work hard anywhere market oh well paint
anyway guys I've got a messy desk I'm
going to tidy this up
I don't think we're going to be putting
any of these raps on the drone soon as
we sprayed it and made a really good job
of it was it rough both laugh amazing
and also a fun basis and I absolutely
love it
anyway guys I'll catch you in tomorrow's
vlog
Oh
and
