guys how are you all doing my name is of
course Alex I have just got up this
morning
super super early get this right what I
told myself last night when I got into
bed I said I'm going to set my alarm
now set my alarm for 11:00 a.m. right
that seems really late doesn't it but
accepted for 11:00 a.m. because that was
my final wake-up call what I thought was
I'm just going to said I'm going to let
my body just wake up naturally without
an alarm so I set my alarm for 11:00
a.m. just in case I want you to sleep in
and because I told myself that I was
relying on my natural body clock and I
didn't go to sleep knowing I had an
alarm set my natural body clock woke me
up at 8:50 a.m. so I'm called downstairs
straight had some breakfast feeling
super motivated have some breakfast was
straight in the gym had a shower now
here I am and honestly I haven't felt
this good I haven't felt this good in a
while I feel so refreshed we don't have
anything to do today I don't have to go
and do any client work this morning I've
also gone on my emails so I've got no
more work and I haven't had that in
weeks I've not even wait there's little
and then if we come up here look outside
of here
oh great clouds now but knock it groans
about nothing serious planned today all
we're going to do in this blog is just
have a load of fun how we're going to do
that let's find out
it's all fun and games until the battery
on the drone dies and you have to bring
it a mile back down the road that was
fun bye guys a legend so guys it's a
brilliant afternoon sun is shining not a
cloud in the sky and it's also a
brilliant day because I've had some
exciting news so I said after numerous
emails back and forth with the company
that sent me
gladiator computers the company that
sent me this box that said I can finally
open it finally I can get rid of this
box
Hey a little walk inside I'm assuming a
computer so it's finally time to see
what's inside this thing and I don't
know a let's pick it up or knock it out
because I honestly have no idea what
we're going to see or find a further ado
relate three two one
yes we can do this yeah oh no it has
packing foam this is what I'm seeing
right now that's just going to make a
mess I'm going to try and lift this
thing out of the box because I don't
want these little styrofoam pieces to go
everywhere what's in this bag ascender
this is so cool man she looks silly is
it gonna okay is it in the computer
definitely a computer not in the back oh
yeah oh yeah I think got one I've got a
lanyard Duke however is so good a
majorly sidetracked here guys what's
your favorite Haribo out of this bag got
dummies
we've got cherries we've got Cola bottle
but oh stop stop walking up once then
what's enough
okay not on motherboards is an RGB
controller for more holidays aha some
more Harry knows our power cable and SSD
Whitewood going on a bottle opener
what's going on
please read important before plugging
you computer in please take off the side
panel and carefully remove the
protective folks
I'm going to flip that over here and
then look it in yet on our way please
don't tell me that this does the no way
okay that's pretty cool I think it looks
best on red though look at that blue and
red and it's even got red on the front
oh wow okay I'm doing this for the
harrybo's the autism put on top of it
where you click it and it changes the
colour of the lighting on the room and
you can have it off flashing or just
like that's it I really all this was
about now it was like a it was a thing
that I've wanted to do for a while it's
pretty talks for a while but I've always
built my computers right and I don't
think I'm very good at building
computers I don't I think I took it
quite honor and I've always wondered
what these pre-made you know computer
companies that build the computer for
you in certainty what are they made of
all right so remember hitting your
gladiator computers and being like look
do you want to send me a computer so I
can take a look at it and stuff it was
just purely like to see what they're
made of
right and this is cool I'm not going to
keep it or use it anywhere but I just
want to see how much how much these
companies and what they do to impress
people other than building a computer
yourself so it's it's the cheapest way
to do it to build it yourself what
benefits am I getting the consumer and
you guys getting the consumer to getting
a prebuilt machine like this so I didn't
specify what the why I could send out I
didn't know what really what I wanted so
I said just put something together guys
so this is called the build me here I've
got it on my phone this is called the
gladiator auras hunter apparently I mean
here we've got an Intel i5 gigabyte
llores 0 to 70 X 16 gigs around the GPU
is an nvidia geforce gtx 1070 with 8 gig
gddr5 250 gigabyte SSD the Samsung
Samsung and it's got a 1 terabyte drive
hidden somewhere as well I think and
it's on sale for one thousand three
hundred and sixty pounds comes with a
four year warranty yadda yadda yadda get
any things really don't turn off your PC
it's doing its thing obviously I've got
this thing hooked into a 4k TV here so
I'm going to experience what the 1070
can do
who's on Valentine GTA 5 504 and Dead
Rising 2 9 points new mega takedown
sources with downloading game the so far
I'm pretty impressed I promise you guys
I would show you the new room so I'm
going to do I'm gonna do just that you
ready 3 2 1
look at the new wall so these are the
studs for the brand new walls going to
be a wall going here this is all going
to be reinforced because obviously
there's going to be a big big TV on this
wall as well as a sound bar with a
wireless subwoofer sake down there we've
got a wireless subwoofers gonna smear
now what now what I need to do right now
because things are getting serious the
builders coming back on Sunday to finish
off doing this wall their Lisp leaders
getting plastered wow I mean a pen I'm
not sure what the rest of my evening is
looking like because they don't have a
tape measure and what I'm going to do is
that is sofa really doesn't want to be
any higher than that I think I might get
the chance as evening to nip down to
Ikea
so I can possibly start looking start
looking at some sofas and stuff and each
side of the corner sofa probably
probably wants to be just a little bit
longer than my body
yeah is a slight bit longer
you
coming tomorrow wasn't chicken with well
melted melted cheese on s broccoli Tori
no sausage looks really professional it
doesn't register on my heart okay slide
it up over the kings of really really
lovely Chinese right then P confusion
I'm fuchsia fuchsia usually fine these
just arrived a deviate by GG language
amber Jake we're going to go all the way
to I care but we're thinking it's a
little bit of a trek for a Friday night
so we're going to head back to the
office
what are they going to a good bowling
shirts go bowling
why not yeah I think we should go
bowling you're you're uh you're horrible
to made it a bit bold
oh very bowling anything in the Republic
I really really believe every volunteer
bowling yeah thank you do it let's go
nice the voice hey you got my balls aya
who won both games gee and you know the
photos I did a few weeks ago for that
client a set of the photos I missed off
a few headshots so I got the old Kadima
boxing hi Alex you've missed a few
people got to find the people that are
missed and then re-edit the photos and
send over the ones that I missed
no biggie really well it's an absolute
pleasure working at this desk I
absolutely love it like very fact with
it something that I've built it just
works the way I want it to just blows my
mind I always work with some water makes
me concentrate more when I'm drinking
water nothing worse than having a dry
throat but I'm gonna get that done guys
then get to bed my lisbon Alex you guys
have been awesome that computer today
it's pretty cool we need to do some more
testing on it but I'll get back to you
guys might does texplo video on it or
something like that I don't know but
guys - not like you guys have an awesome
girls keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog yeah
Wow
Oh
