he's currently 1052 a.m. and if I want
to catch my train I should have left
about five minutes ago
hello so guys I'm in London for one
reason and one reason only today and
it's the only other reason already come
down to London and that's numerous
meetings my first meeting is in this
building right so you guys are gonna see
this soon and this week's been a
plethora of me being able to tell you
guys that I'm not allowed to tell you
what I'm actually doing this meeting is
with a rather large phone company right
not allowed to tell you what phone or
what company though and I'm also now
five minutes late time to go through
that door and head up there
yeah I am not taking the stairs to the
fourth floor and there we go just like
that meeting over the phone is now in my
possession so guys my first meeting is
all over and done I have this phone in
my bag I'm really sorry I can't talk to
you guys and falchion you guys rabbiting
Alex why are you not on a train home
right now well I've come all the way
down to London and I'm not just doing
that for one meeting time is money time
is valuable while I'm down here I'm also
gonna have another meeting with my
manager and I'm waiting for him to
arrive me and my manager are starting a
brand new company and I'm gonna ask him
today if he's gonna let me talk to you
guys about it because we're not sure if
it's all gonna work out yet and if we
are gonna do it we're gonna do
guys the boosted board died I forgot to
charge you from last summer came to
London
oh no I'm almost there I need to get to
the play button once I'm at the play
button they'll let me inside and
hopefully I can charge this board
hey thank you very much there we go guys
booster board all charged time to get on
the train and head home
but guys you see what you see what this
this this flashing means right here this
means is it's pretty much dead again
it's my only downfall or downside of how
the boots did work for those of you who
don't have one of the thinking of death
one the battery life is absolutely SH
and then you have to try and football
about to get that together charge you to
actually bear we go
so my manager and I are wanting to
create a company I made that evident
with you last week when I went down to
London to have the first meeting about
this with him one of the main things I
always say to myself when it comes to
business is fear is the worst enemy if
you're scared of doing things and you
don't have the willpower to do things
you know what what you'll see on on
YouTube is that when a when a youtuber
or somebodies they're talking about a
business they'll get a load of hate
right through people saying oh that's a
terrible idea
or ooh that's that's ridiculous why why
would you do that oh oh this is going to
flock like a load of people have given
Casey nice stat a load of crap recently
because beam flopped and CNN didn't want
to carry on the project I was a lot of
fun Casey in in my time of watching him
on YouTube and I think that's fairly
evident unless I see all these people
dishing out hate to him and I'm like
that's mental how closed-minded how much
of an idiot are you
the guy has gone out there I he's
created a company that was really
successful he sold it for 22 billion
while something mental anyway don't be
closed-minded when people are talking to
you about their little ventures right
and I'm about to talk to you about a
little venture that I'm about to go down
I've been talking about this for a while
with without my manager and now my
manager is on board and we've both been
discussing it and I haven't specifically
asked him if I'm allowed to put this
public yet anyway what we're thinking of
doing together is a custom case company
right a custom case company where you
can design your own custom cases not
raps not like slick raps
or D brand or any other rap company
actual cases custom cases high quality
ones to protect your devices which
devices we don't know yet very early
doors all of our plans are still on
paper but this is something that we want
to do and whether it's a success or not
number one we will both learn from the
mistakes number two as I've said doing
these sorts of things working making
little companies and doing different
things like setting up my wireless
business doing production it's work but
it's also a hobby of mine it's something
I enjoy I like venturing out I like I
like being brave it's a really good
thing one of my favorite phrases of all
comes from an artist called MGK and that
phrase goes don't think just go right
and that is exactly what I'm doing well
I'll say I'm we me and my manager and
potentially if you were the youtubers
actually as well and that meeting this
morning guys at the well-known widget
Wow my desk almost broke I'm gonna say
at the phone place because obviously I'm
not allowed to tell you guys what phone
is that I picked up you guys can go
ahead and guess though down there in the
comments it's right there in my bag just
out there all I'm trying to say is guys
two successful meetings today really
really pumped for 2018 has to offer
and talking about 2018 I think it's
about time I think it's about time we
break in to the house and people always
say to me Alex
why you why do you say you're breaking
into the house you're not breaking into
anything it's your house if it's if it
wasn't your house then you'd be breaking
into it and know what you can't need to
understand that is is this is still a
building site right and you are not
really allowed into building sites but
every secured it that well that you can
kind of just walk straight in and I kind
of want to just go and see the progress
of what my future house that I've just
literally spent my life savings on is
gonna be like and obviously I'm gonna
bring you guys in with me so guys
without further ado let's go and see the
new house but first I need to go home
because I don't fancy go in there
yeah I I kind of don't fancy taking the
white vertical jumper to the building
site I think it's gonna be a little bit
muddy there we go guys I think that
should just about do let's go visit the
new house Oh guys check this out I know
the quality is super grainy right now
that's because it is literally pitch
black as you can see that is the moon Oh
guys this is my house look at this may
is too big it's very big the roof isn't
even on yet it's actually massive whoa
guys you don't understand how sick this
is so fat there is my front door right
and then there's the windows and at all
this is sick
this is actually sick let's get inside
yo man this is sick see see it's opening
here but it's all gonna be glass guys so
all of that is gonna be glass and it's
gonna be what's called bi-fold doors so
you'll actually be able to open the
doors up all the way out into the garden
so all of that will be opened up and
granted the garden isn't very big as you
can see the next house along is
literally just there but this is mental
one thing I have noticed guys is there's
no there's no opening in the bottom
floor as to where the stairs are meant
to be so guys every time I come here the
house just looks bigger
this is absolutely sick guys understand
this is actually sick this is sick
did you know I said this is sick
unfortunately guys I don't think we can
get to the second floor but we're still
in it and it's built well I'll say bill
it kind of needs windows and a door and
plastering and painting and about loads
of other things done to it but this big
room right here where Luke is stood is
the kitchen
none of the interior walls have even
been built yet
it's gonna be so fun coming here and
decking all out isn't it it's gonna be
so fun guys you don't understand the
vlogs their vlogs all the vlogs once we
get this house it's going to be
absolutely fire guys I'm trying to take
you to a 12th floor right now yo guys so
you see all of this all of these metal
grates here this is gonna be the loft
space and just below that is the bottom
floor and this guy's I'm literally
touching my roof these are the struts
for the roof so these gonna go up on top
of them this is mad I can't believe it
this is just like my absolute dream
right here
absolutely Wow guys for now I'm gonna
leave you with this image I really
apologize for the horrible horrible
camerawork here but it is literally just
being lit up by the moon um I'm really
proud of my 7s for actually being able
to show you guys this in this sort of
light so absolutely insane and I've got
nobody else to thank other than you guys
for helping helping this dream be lift
