about to fix this microphone with a bit
of tape because because the the mount
snaps this is the new mount for it now
all it needs is the MA
there we go early start in the office
this morning not level the funny thing
is I said I said this at the end of
yesterday's vlog and unfortunately I
can't really do that not because I don't
really want to not have a break or take
it slow but because of I don't really
have a choice
oh my Jesus Alex thanks for your order
from hey Haley
whatever is inside here there's only 17
of them made and this is number three
whoa
look at that iPhone my phone's in the
car they give you a little sticky pads
to put what you want we all know we all
know it's good to take a break every now
and again or not to take a break but
just to step back I've talked about it
I'm so excited before sometimes we spend
too long in the box in your box your
vision gets mangled you get around that
to come over that you need to step
outside of your box and then look back
into your box to see the mistakes you're
me on my simple the mistake I will make
if I carry on pushing myself is is I
will get ill I've already I'm starting
to get a cold now I think that's from
being in that room all day yesterday
though with all the distance stuff but
unfortunately the grind doesn't stop
today I've got the work zone
look at that that's mad isn't it jovan
completed of all this light from screw
pigs yesterday with Jordan
turns out the microUSB port on the
bottom of it to charge it was totally
bust and not working so they've
responded me we're not referring to me
they're giving me a brand a brand new so
that's called job 1 complete it now on
to job too when I put it on it detects
the lender says but my name gets off
it's an autofocus I can get you a
replacement one that's not a problem
yeah thank you you guys not beautiful
lens that I bought about probably a
month ago
it's just stopped working the camera
doesn't recognize it so I've just taken
it back I've got a replacement coming
next Tuesday that's job - done on to job
three sweet you see this little building
right here that's the angel coffee house
I'm about to spend an hour and a half in
a loft preparing for my install of their
new broadband next week I'm going to be
up there
just in there
the coffee shop is closed down and the
owner of it CJ she was telling me that
she feels like a little bit bagent she
doesn't know whether she's doing the
right thing answer - I was like look the
very reason you've got the opportunity
to strip out the whole of the coffee
shop and redecorate it it's because
you've already come so far it's easy to
doubt yourself that's the easy part
overcoming the doubt that's the hard bit
that place when it's done it's going to
be wicked literally just rushed in got
into the recording segment for the BBC
right adding my laptop and receive the
phone call in literally a second and
okay go get it right I need to go and
let the Builder in the office I'm in a
rush again and my shirt is on inside out
there we go Jaclyn's I go back and the
rest of the office the Builder is there
my eyes leave you guys do when we're
going to the right no in any way so fine
shot me a sec for tennis all right
this drives at Grandma's I've come to
see my grandma and granddad this week
and also my mum has driven down as per
to see them - it's brilliant because I
don't live with my mum old rooster from
the angel coffee house I just installed
it at my grandma's house because it's no
longer going to work after the age of
coffee house I've got rid of grandma's
old one put her in a new one got to
recently cool oh good no no come in now
now remember I'll see you soon your turn
out yeah are you going to Vegas now I am
I have a good time in a bit
now I don't know if that's illegal to
drive like that there's always something
grandma that's it yeah there's always
something I've had the email I've taken
my car through both a third-party
qualified body technician and sit them
in E themselves now I've had the quote
side the email back from the third part
the repainting the door is going to cost
three hundred and fifty seven pounds for
the new door wing spinning wing mirror
it's going to cost four hundred and
twenty eight plus one hundred and
sixteen and then all of this labor stuff
to actually get it it comes in at one
thousand seven hundred and twenty seven
pounds one thousand seven hundred and
twenty seven pounds
oh the police you can see how a little
mistake a tiny tiny little mistake a
mistakes do happen you can see how a
tiny tiny little mistake can cost that
much money
mistakes are painful when they happen
but years later a list of mistake is
what we call experience and experience
is knowledge and knowledge is power I
suppose are not knowledgeable to the
fact that if you scrape your car into a
gate it's going to leave a nasty mark
which is going to cost a fair amount of
money to fix that's how much knowledge
I've gained from this and the thing is I
could just leave it I could just get any
wind mirror off it and I could just
leave all the scrapes down the side of
the car but I need to pay for it I need
to pay for it because it'll teach me a
lesson
it'll hard quads really into my head to
just take more time to be slower and
plumb better at the end of the day it's
a lesson learnt yeah I haven't heard
anything from the company that certainly
this computer builders have been up
there while thousand Ogawa's they've now
left and I don't think I'm going to show
you guys up there today because to show
you auction wait for tomorrow now I'll
wait for tomorrow I'll wait for tomorrow
what they've done this evening is
this look like a proper functional room
and I love that I can tell whether it
hurt oh it feels good so have this
iPhone case on my phone all day and I
absolutely love it all the way done with
like metal small little buttons to use
the actual devices though and even the
way that it just simply slides in to the
case like that before I was using this
Josh Hayes case it's a proper ostrich
leather case it's not cheap disclaimer I
didn't buy it but it's a very nice case
very nice case but I think this this
majors taken the crown that was once on
the Josh Hayes
