kind of quick breakfast meeting with
Jordan at the diner to discuss what
we're doing today Jordan is actually
doing some work experience for Lynch
let's do this on a real is actually
phoned in to his college instead that
he's doing work experience for me today
so we can get the day off and we are
actually working I need your help
all the bits in the car already jeez
okay tools call it Susan if that was
what you guys really look like there
let's go also but also some well we've
got all cabling thing sorts of things
and stuff the G with his trading account
I just got a ten percent off all of the
silks Achilles almost we've always
finished level three it's definitely
done level 2 training for is elective
electrical stuff I don't what you call
it you're an electrician electrician you
are an electrician yes so we got to
watch this mate a bit Georgie stuff
there's some massive parcels downstairs
nice and hassles boxes there's massive
boxes with LG on them and I have no idea
what they are and then I'm still not
allowed to worse than that apparently
I've been told I'm not allowed to cook
you yet with two massive boxes
downstairs I saw them when they came in
and I'm assuming that they're going to
be mine because they're massive have no
idea what they are there some more
parcels down there it's all kink enough
team under they'll clap this is my job
isn't it whatever there I was two of
them
I have no idea what we're going to do it
is I think the amount of speakers gee I
have no idea so I'm going to leave it
with you yeah no I'll help you but you
need to tell me what to do even though
you're doing work experience for me
you'll put in me what is it Chanel this
isn't working very well a day do a good
job we always did we go geez right on
it's powered by micro USB included in
the box is that cable look at that
that's gonna last all day now let's do
this I'll keep reeling it out for you do
you know what you like with you I don't
know yeah shall we then
yeah this is really exciting in it yeah
right so it's me gee well alex is
editing this vlog I thought I would show
you all what I have done so far so this
is our cable here that we run in end
I've run it down so they tack it all the
way across here and down so that white
box there it's going to have the fuses
in and our cable runs all the way back
back there
the while I stand here with dust always
my face and sweat dripping from my head
lighting myself up with this old-school
old cool desk lamp here we have been in
this room working non-stop all day it's
now 9 p.m. but utilize what the proper
electrical wires in for all of the plug
sockets we're doing a proper bring main
so it starts here sort of looks like it
here we've got the plug hook it all the
way down there just over here in the
proper ring main is for sockets for the
TV and all the games consoles and
whatever that socket down there that
little one by itself is for the LEDs
that is controlled by the light switch
at the back so you do the light switches
you come in and that looks like it will
turn on the LED strips there's one just
over there too for the LED strip this
side so in here we've wired up a proper
DB one of these things up here so if
anything goes wrong an electrical fault
little trip and everything everything is
safe and secure with you the proper
legal wiring sizes for the plug sockets
and all the lighting - this to me brings
us one step closer to getting this thing
finished all that needs to happen now
pretty much Israel to build a back box
and get this room plastered this is
going to be insane and ordering five
piece tickets like mill bleeds just
because we haven't we haven't had time
to eat all day it's been mad food
consumed spilling feeling a little bit
more energetic only a little bit though
I think something's arrived that's good
now it's going to really be the pudding
- food wake us up yeah yeah think you
will just been moved off and it's not
what is on there right here what would
we call this recipe wouldn't it oh we
got it
well I didn't exactly what they are
that's what we need in it
oh my two of these is two of these
rescue engine power yeah
three two one today all right says blue
team on why do I trust men whoa
Bluetooth ready let's do this oh yeah
come in come in nothing nice about it
the wireless link but what's up wireless
link between two of them up add wireless
link on this one party at once a few
moments later
get always doing anything I can talk in
a minute but mental honestly my ears are
hurting right now love it they're like a
good face a bit but it's like that it's
so loud it's loud not distorted but just
lacks bass but I don't think you need a
massive sub woofer to match the bass
with the treble that's coming from these
like it's mad is this a good idea or not
it's always good to have a little bit of
problem with work class today's midday
we've worked cloud all day I think this
is going to be fun right let's go right
ready I'm going straight across the road
I'm going to click play in three two one
play I know it's not playing there we go
oh my god
Oh No Oh No
sighs easily this city's amazing these
are certain like so loud the phone I'm
legitimately having to raise my voice
that you can hear me and Jordan can hear
me even though they are literally in the
next room along
these are mad I'm thinking I'm thinking
a lot of parties in the summer and you
guys you're all invited the fact that LG
sent two of these is mad
one of them would fill a room and more
two of them my ears are bleeding LG
thank you ever so much for sending those
speakers out there amazing that made me
smile and I love things that make me
smile I still have no idea why I'm not
allowed to open it
I just be told I'm not allowed to open
it I've done the research it's from a
company called gladiator computer the
data floating I guess is the computer
inside that I'm assuming a fairly good
SPECT one but I've been told I'm not
allowed to open it so even if I'm going
to be able to open it it's down big box
so we're both really into big boxes for
that it's not because of sauce if I
smell it yes I'm also electric tout have
been enough electric gray cable today Oh
been a long day I never ever imagined
doing a room or trying to make it a loft
into a functional room was going to be
so difficult I think I've bitten off a
little bit more than I can chew as Casey
said do what you can't
brilliant advice the two parcels where
I'm leaving that I've put a bit of white
paper over the mess that I've made
behind that wall I need to get that
replastered but this is the cable that
goes in to give internet to the live
streaming room this is all the stuff
we've been doing today
off camera which is quickfire I wanted
to get today done so I didn't video the
majority of it because we're so busy
working bro you got some bubble touch me
so no we're going to sick bay today oh
it's just like to thank you for allowing
me to come and work as a work experience
Oh
