how will you serve the world what do
they need that your talent can provide
the effect you have on others is the
most valuable currency there is so I
just arrived into the office of them
hence along at this morning I'm here
with Jed we just worked on some secular
videos and I think Jordan is coming over
in a short Lyle a while so we can go to
town that'll do but I guess this next
note here against town yeah let it be a
cheap okay
you
this is great answer it really is
look at that gee I've not got the best
parking spot in the whole parking lot
okay so Jean I we usually get a separate
meal when we come to Nando's right it's
time to get a little bit dated so we're
going for a sharing platter today yeah
no chicken booked my full-size or too
large of Madeline's do it generates of
sharing class in five words it was bare
good thing I'll agree some little danger
coffeehouse they're actually turning
their internet in two days time which
isn't very good because they were lying
on the internet to run the shop as far
as taking payment is concerned the
different things like that so started on
the building work inside the shop
there's a big sheet here on this side of
the shop they're doing a load painting
but I'm concerned because the Internet's
going to go off in two days and the shop
is still remaining open so that's not
good that they're switching the
broadband over to superfast broadband
tomorrow and if the route is not there
by then I won't be able to install it
and then their intents going to go down
and then they work to make any purchases
in the copy shop oh no none of this is
very easy
Shoji is studying electrical engineering
in college maybe helping me out with all
the electrical stuff for the new broom
I've just been climbing through lost
face trying to figure out where it can
run the main power supply to get up to
the room to run all the computer and TV
this is a lot tiring than it looks doing
all of this stuff is crazy so if I come
across tired or look tired not because
I'm not getting sleep is because this
room is taking all of my energy up right
there today is how it's been absolutely
money of its moment right from a phone
call from the BBC I've got to do some
filming this afternoon actually right
really right now about my setup at home
and I've got a ring I so complicate I'm
going to do a video at my setup in my
bedroom at home for the BBC and I need
to do it right now a bun is to squeeze
in visiting angel coffee house I managed
to squeeze in the Nando's with Jordan
and I've also managed to squeeze in go
into screw fix to sort out this room so
I'm going to be working a lot on this
room tomorrow and the builders coming
over tomorrow night is almost near
completion I need to go back and start
filming for the BBC
but we need a tripod and then this
camera goes on shirt with no branding on
it all mices all the logos are all
covered up something for real live TV is
a lot harder than filming for YouTube
when I much prefer still me to YouTube I
think oh my god
right just listen calling for the BBC
one more recording segment to do with
them on Thursday that that is going to
be really fun today went really really
well it was really easy and it took
about half an hour to do the actual
filming portion and it's great like
they're letting me film fons BBC in my
bedroom and I might skyping these two
boys and telling them how to film their
Kiger at Cory Cory great choreographed
dance and I'm telling them how to film
it then they're going to go away and
film it but then I have to rate or slate
the video that they made judging them on
the tips that I gave them it's really
cool hopefully hopefully they're going
to enjoy it right about a busy day I've
also got a really busy evening god take
all of this computer gear said to the
mother who's going to then moderate my
gear
you
this box
I can't I'm not allowed to open it yet
apparently apparently it's wrong
apparently from a computer company I
brought into the computer inside of
there a pretty a pretty good one there
isn't a no that right is so bright so
these you can drill on to the bottom of
your skateboard you then push this
mechanism into it and then you can have
a GoPro mount on the bottom of your
skateboard as to which you can attach a
GoPro all this really cool light and the
GoPro on top of it there's been Superman
rushed it's been a hectic was up really
really early this morning brilliant
start I'm absolutely knackered now
though I need to even doing this getting
up early thing I need to go to bed a
little bit earlier straight to the
office did some work here was dead then
we'll go to Lincoln Nando's with Jordan
then to the Engel coffee house my client
on doing internet for turns out buys a
lot more complicated than I thought it
would be and I'm gonna have to go back
there tomorrow and start the work early
I've been come back home been filming
with the BBC all day it's been hectic
man really get in I came back to the
office I did some emails judge did some
work he's now jetted off and I haven't
boxed this thing and I want to go and
test it out
click it onto the GoPro that goes on now
like that like a normal GoPro mount and
then you stick your GoPro on top of it
by the other mount to put the GoPro on
top of it but this this could be the
very start of a journey to my car car
vlogging rig this is cool
we saw how cool is this I've literally
just propped up my camera on that this
is some time to steal a full-size
kaminsky inline not warming up yet
concrete to a nice and open up a peer
correct
oh thank you Alex again everyone is
together any oh I don't know it's a
corsair planet that so that is babe I've
just been in his house and oh my god if
you are a computer nerd in there Wow the
living rooms full of computer cages like
all stacked up water cooling blocks
everywhere I'm showing me pictures
iPhone he does like today the reason
getting into my computer for me it's
because he builds the build that you see
it like these expose you know when you
go and see like computer expiration you
think it's amazing water cool builds a
lot all white like phantom or all red he
builds these machines for these
companies and he's amazing what he's
amazing is gonna be itching Milo goes on
to my computer case and that's why he's
doing it at his house because he's got
all that it's honestly insane in there
that was that's made my day
that was immense
okay this this needs to stop there's not
simply any other way to put it right I
just come home from the PC mother's
house right 40 minute drive I've come
back home through the door and there's
these two letters on the side right
please see this one and this one nice
they're both addressed to me but have my
neighbor's address on them I pay a
fairly substantial amount of money and
it's not cheap to do this to have a peer
box open for people to send through the
send me stuff right and I feel like I
make that fairly evident I have a peer
box in the default description of every
one of my videos it says peer box and it
has the peer box address when I do a
peer box opening video I say guys send
stuff to my peer box if you want to be
featured and I show a letter with the
peer box address on it right I'll open
these right now and I bet your bottom
dollar hello Alex Brooks please read in
the vlog me and my friend we must be
your biggest fan we think you're very
inspirational my name is Ben and my
friend is called Huey we want to say
that we love your videos we are on three
channels and we see that you work hard
because your son base loves it when you
contantly loads it makes our day the one
we design a picture of me and send it
back soon that's fine let me let me open
this one
yeah Alex into something otherwise
diseases the first one is a video I find
it astonishing how you can totally
change someone's perspective perception
of life this guy's put a picture of a
football stadium and said that I could
fill this stadium eight hundred and
forty four times these letters are
amazing right it's not that that needs
to stop I absolutely love and adore
those and I will be keeping these
messages in my personal clear box file
where I have all the fan mail that you
guys send me and sometimes I get out and
I see out and large redirects I love it
I'm not saying but that's what I don't
like I love this stuff this this is
amazing things you can do things you
guys say to me and the things you guys
put in these letters it blows my mind
it's one of the best things that I've
ever had done from you guys since I've
started this whole each
right what really needs to stop is the
people that are sending these letters
sending them or attempting to send them
to my house getting the wrong address
and sending them to my neighbor's house
now I am a daily vlogger right I make
videos wherever I go and I live at homes
where I live
the kenai you will notice road sign you
can look on Google Maps and find out
where anybody's house is right but the
fact that I pay to have a peer box for
people to send me messages and the fact
that all my neighbors are getting ever
so more frustrated through every single
letter that comes and they have to come
and bring it round to me the people are
sending these letters my neighbors say
Alex why don't you have a peer box or
tell my neighbors that I do have a peer
box and then they ask the question why
aren't they using it why they trying to
get your address and getting it wrong
please if you want me to see your
messages send them to the peer box
because I don't think the neighbors are
going to keep bringing these messages
around to my house it's an inconvenience
for them and they're getting annoyed and
I hate eccleston myself as a youtuber I
don't like that really but I think I
speak for a lot of youtubers here please
don't come outside my house please
look my office is in town right it's in
town in the High Street I'm more than
happy for you guys to wait near my
office for me to come out if you want to
say hi to me that's fine right if you
want to wait in my office I'm cool with
that
don't be like crowding the door or
anything you know but I'll wait that's
fine convenient it's in town but I live
like I live in a residential area this
houses either side of my house and on
the opposite side of the road and Road
that on the road that I live on isn't
even a public road it's a private road
owned by a farmer that lives somewhere
down there right and he is getting
frustrated he's getting frustrated that
kids are coming awaiting and on this
road right don't get me wrong I
absolutely love it that someone would
come and make the efforts come you know
just to say hi to me another picture I
get that or whatever they was aware of
the reason is I get it and I look but
who doesn't love it is the road owner
the person that owns the private road
that my house is on and all the
neighbors you'll have to constantly come
out and tell people to leave because
they're in the way of the road and my
neighbors also don't like receiving post
and having to
it round to my house they're starting to
get quite frustrated and it's been
happening for a while now and it needs
to stop
I'm a peer and I've got a peer box also
a bit themself a year this is the
description of all my videos you can go
ahead and send things to that always
opening them you know what I'm even more
than happy for you guys to wait in town
near my office not directly outside it
but near it
and come up and say hi to me looking
photos whatever I'm totally cool with
that but just my house because of my
neighbors and stuff it's just really not
the best thing to do right and I totally
understand the fact that some of you
just really want me to see your letters
and you're trying to get my address
I think that's an absolutely beautiful
thing for you to do right I love it that
you guys would see messages but please
send them to the peer box I do open
every single letter that I get on as I
do every single letter I get I open
whether it's on camera or not is a
different story I do open all of them
all your messages
I see if they're sent to the peer box
you don't have to try and guess my
address what I really don't want to do
is come across is a bit of a Alex's word
this isn't me that's getting annoyed eh
it's my neighbourhood and this is a very
small majority of people that do this
right and to the people that don't do
you probably going to find it very
fascinating that people actually do do
it for the record I'm travelling all the
way down to somewhere in the city and
I'm also asking somebody a 60 I 60 on
Friday and Saturday I go to these events
for no other reason and to meet you guys
I have no interest in the events
whatsoever other than to meet you that's
why I make the effort to get and if you
really want to meet me come to my office
wait somewhere outside not right near
the office somewhere outside we can see
what's going on and I'll be cool with
that but just don't block up don't block
up the driveway working to park the cars
and the main door of the office just
don't do that don't do that cool I think
I'm being fairly reasonable with that so
that being said guys I hope that is
understood and that's a cool message for
you guys today's been hectic
it's 12:02 a.m. I need to get some sleep
I'll see you guys in tomorrow's vlog
adios
Oh
