I can I can come down within the next
half an hour right I'm just go on the
phone with some people who are going to
hopefully help me get my car fixed I'm
not going to go to me directly because
they'll probably rip me off
which is quite ironic isn't it since I
bought the car from them I would teach
you a life lesson here so you know when
you've got you know when you've got a
spot on your fake or some things happen
and you can't control it right and
everybody else is just going to laugh at
you
right you can either sit there and take
the abuse that everybody else is going
to give you right or you can laugh with
them you have one of two options you
single yourself out and be laughed at or
you laugh at yourself with everybody
else if you ever seen someone with a
spot on their face and they tell you
that they're given that spot a name
that's what I'm talking about we call
you through everybody on this fine
summer day meet Gerald my little stub of
a winger yeah
don't go all out there yeah God all
about there okay so the man's been out
let's have a look at the damage on the
cars taking down some details is going
to give me a quote over the next few
days but how much is going to cost to
repair it now now we play the waiting
game when life forces you to have
problems it forces you to learn which
forces you to grow so guys I actually
have something different planned for
today's video so far this morning I've
edited some photos for a client I'm
going to show those to you guys at the
end of the vlog it's not really that
interesting but I know some of you are
interested in my client works I'll show
those at the end of the vlog did that
this morning taking the car to a
qualified body repair shop and that
going to quote it for me and tell how
much it's going to cost to put a new
wing mirror on and everything and the
builders coming tonight to the office to
do some other stuff and I did have
something else planned for this vlog but
Jacob is going on a room looking for led
yeah it's coming to being is absolutely
issuing for us to start making his
little setup look really cool with some
LEDs so if Jacob you think these are LED
lights yeah okay they're not LED lights
well give you a clue that is some LEDs
in this room there's a few pairs of LEDs
always going to find them I can't wait
until I find in any union and put them
around well you're not only my LEDs I'll
get you some more but I think we're
going to do its pimp out my little bro
set up this little gaming set
I'm guarantee like we're actually really
cheap I think for what they did I think
they're really cool I didn't get a set
of LEDs on eBay for like eight pounds I
think Joker I'll give you a clue I'm
gonna lie the floor just here just lie
next to me on the floor and you'll see
them they're LED strips under there if
you're wanting us to do this is evening
Jacob I think I might have a set of LEDs
at the office so I can go and get and
then later on this evening we can do you
setup yeah okay yeah that sounds amazing
yeah okay right knuckle-touch
we'll do it later what I'll do is I'll
go to the office and get some LEDs and
we'll start this thing to see
whether it makes sound good to me
alright then do I'll see you soon
cheers make by what billed as a hard at
work up that we're just putting the roof
we'll make sure the lights are in place
up until that hopefully next week we can
start we can start plastering right
let's go make my brother smile you're
going to tell you on Tonya leggo again
right you turn it up quick and then
we'll see we'll see if the LEDs work
okay bill you gave some shots of me
cleaning up
you okay just the mini cleaner you
should be cleaning though I'm trying to
help you out here one thing to do what I
think we should do with all of this
Linda if she we try and light box it all
up and put it all to the side
yeah well then bro now we've played all
the main space up yeah sometimes I meant
to do serious things always right so
we'll talk with Paul your games over
there and over there all the Legos over
there right now what we need to do is
tie up the main unit yeah what I thought
would be really cool is if we got some
of your favorite models that you've made
and displayed them on here - yeah
so you move all the controls over there
then okay where we're going to be sit
stop playing and then we can work on
doing it right so we're all tidy what do
you think we should do with the consoles
the weeds in the xbox well should we put
the TV in the middle and then have the
Xbox in the week to one side and all
your models on the other side look at it
you've got more than one model boat so
we could put some models on here and
then some models outside yeah what about
that now Jake ability minimun on the
Xbox and the Willie that slide yeah
right then if you choose your favorite
models we can put them outside ready
three two one so that yeah that's your
controller that's for the power this
controls the LED strip and I thought
what about the LED strip good lad
my Jacob was running through one major
problem we don't have a bug socket to
plug them in oh no what do we do do you
think do you think maybe Alex knows what
to do
are you ready for the big switch on then
yeah right okay right to turn on the
Xbox and tail on the TV and then I'll
you can turn on the LEDs as well and
then we'll turn off the light take a
vision control that you're ready to do
on the three two one oh wow is that cool
or is that cool Joker
oh you're changing color it's kind of do
it do it hey little change the color
scheme to put on a change of color
hey I would made a good start
Yeah right what can we do so next
episodes could we maybe put your
controls on the wall what we can say
handles them or what did you get what
did you hang on this side Star Wars
that's what I thought if I put them on
the wall up there come away but for now
knuckle-touch
boom look hitting it look at your models
over dead console how cool is it well
yeah I mean that were sleepy yeah I'm
going to turn that boy into a set up
advocate like to make something like
this you have to have a proper passion
for it yes of a passion for things to
look athletic deplete their
aesthetically pleasing hence I slept
three hours putting these lines in and I
wanted an iconic figure like this school
and everything to be cable managed
there's definitely some Drive involved
in all of that and I really wanted him
to feel the same way and I want to start
him doing it from a young age and I'm
sure he's super super happy with it
ronita back to the office to see what
the build is done in the last three
hours what's been doing that my brother
right three two one I'll see that oh my
god
I think this is to me gladiator
computers winning matters what is this
big block we shall find out tomorrow
three Bruins I just like to build about
let me show you this oh wow it's like a
proper dimmer switch to start when you
start here gaming you can have the
lights on like really low like that and
then you can put it up nice and bright
we'll just imagine these spotlights on
really low and then two LED strips under
itz√° oh my god wait a minute let me
show you guys how to install a plug
socket I want to look socket on the roof
so first off you need a bat box this in
the back box secondly you need a big big
knife something like this and next you
need a book socket with two USB ports in
it because it's cool these plug sockets
are going to stay in the roof up here
and the reason the plug sockets up there
is because they're gonna be powering the
two softbox lights they're going to be
here for for the tech slow set and the
USB port on the hook socket or plug into
the camera so if it's dying I thought
this all through all you do is you smash
out the middle of the back box we take
our socket out the box you draw around
the back box you then take your very
sharp knife and start cooking and then
you put the back box in the hole you
then wire your cables into the back
I'm sweeper injuried to Walt inside that
thing
let's open it tomorrow
now
ah
