honestly can't believe it I can't
believe it
from example look doing it again it's
just not coming on and then it comes on
but sometimes it takes a good five
minutes to turn on like it just won't
come on
I hope Mormon doesn't mind me showing
everybody mine in his text but he even
has the same issue no way by Matt Picht
of that - the turn on thing I'm really a
lost I really don't know what to do
I tries to turn it on this morning and
have to wait 10 minutes for it to come
on
good afternoon guys how are your doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another daily vlog this is my
Sunday and as they always say that you
can't say that what do you mean you say
the same thing every Sunday my Sunday's
are where I like to get the one up on
everybody else and where does getting
stuff done start getting stuff done
starts with a plan oh is that you know
bro network name Asus right G of all
people on face time that was Jake
Mitchell I'm trying to sort out his
internet for him because he's just
bought a new rooster and he doesn't have
any internet it's how to blow these
videos but it's just not going to plan
right I've got stuff to do
but I really apologize make sorry there
you go right so this is my phantom 4 I
bought this thing last year when I
crashed and smashed to pieces
and never got it back might inspire one
you guys evidently know that recently we
upgraded to the GG I inspired who
spray-painted it and hung it on the wall
what a beast that thing is it needs a
custom spray-painted battery to go any
road isn't it there she goes that looks
a bit better so I have no use for this
thing now well you can come back up mate
underneath my bed is the battery for it
this thing this thing's broken put it in
the drone it doesn't turn off you plug
the charger in it doesn't charge hmm
I'll still have a box and everything for
it I probably flown it about five times
in total drop a like rating if you want
me to give this away the next month's
giveaway
hey I'll leave it there until the new
battery arrives looking super super
clean hello testing nope see the
internal microphone doesn't work on this
camera and it's not even a year old yet
now that the a-10s is sorted I've got a
meeting and I'm actually I'm going to be
on time for one ok contrary to popular
belief every day at 6 p.m. I get our
vlog out every day at 6 p.m. every
single day at 6 p.m. no later sometimes
a mess up I'm known as the guy that's
got good timekeeping as far as YouTube
videos going or per confident every day
at 6 p.m. I'm never late but in real it
realized as far as our meetings are
concerned I'm I'm always late it's not
she
how strict I'm trying to ask him about
retention right and you've got some
really radical we are we were in London
guys didn't come down right so so
suddenly for short time they saw me that
that and I'm exiting look can you help
us what ideas have you got but what you
could do is say to any of the bloggers
we've got here you would blogger with
like ten fifty thousand people it's been
absolutely destroyed
absolutely absolutely destroyed what the
hell I can't believe it look at that all
smashed in there Wimmer is been sheared
off all scraped down the side of the car
look at that look at that
I literally just clean the inside of it
as well look at that all weights coming
off now this still is still a big black
bit there that's not going to come off
and yet my Wimmer is just totally
smashed off and that is all absolutely
oh my god
what okay so I'm not sure what happened
that's what everybody says when they
crash their car
no seriously I'm not sure what happened
I opened the gates and got in my car to
drive to the army started reversing out
the driveway right as if nothing as if
it was just normal right next thing I
know the electric gate has closed
whilst I'm reversing out of the driveway
onto my car smashed my wing mirror and
I've obviously carried on reversing so
they even know that it's happening right
this gate is still open it's absolutely
fine right this one is just decided to
close right so as I'm reversing out the
driveway it's closed on the car I've
carried on reversing it's smash
malingerer
and left massive scrape marks and I must
have done on the side of my car this
gate is absolutely fine doing what it
should do staying open to let me out
this is the one on my side of the cars
we're going to see it I'm thinking all
the gates aren't closing because this
one's still open but this one knows it's
this likely I'm so annoying electric
gates they seem like a good idea but
when they do stuff like that and I'm
sure I'm not the first person in the
world to have something like that happen
to them and that's when you wish they
didn't exist right Alex level heads
there's nothing you can do about it it's
already happened it can be repaired
it can be fixed everything can be put
back to normal there's no point in using
this segment of time to get angry about
where I just told myself in my head
commas are down it can be repaired it's
not the end of the world how to take it
to many that have to get the body work
see why I might have to get a higher car
not the end of the world it can be
repaired the only reason I've come to
the office is to make sure everything's
okay for the next week in this next week
coming up starting tomorrow I've got a
load of client workbooks and photos to
edit I've got coffee house to going
today I've got some wireless internet to
go install as the angel coffee house
which would be really cool it brings out
along with me with that so you guys can
actually see me at work I know I don't
show it very often but I'm going to try
and bring guys along to this one I think
that's happening this week if everything
everything goes okay I had a brilliant
meeting earlier with the QT lot that
went really well I've got some awesome
stuff to tell you guys over the next few
weeks about the site loads more stuff is
changing or actually bring
in a new ambassador program where you
guys can earn money through QT it's
really cool salted out the funds before
a7s is ready could be sent pals
car cars all clean and the builders
coming back tomorrow to get some more
work going to this room and I kind of
want to have a CH and I kind of want to
check it out now with us say a level
head sure you guys can't see anything
but a Sugar Grove to turn on my dimmer
switch that I installed and then uncle
my new lights way look at those they're
super cool man they give off a really
warm light I'm super happy with that I
said this over a year ago and I know
there's a lot of all the people that
still watch these videos but I believe I
believe life is a fair playing field you
have things that bring you up and you
have things that bring you down and the
reason you have the boat is because
everybody maintains the flatline what
goes up must come down if your mood is
listed and a lot of things going well
they surely soon or later going to be
doing that comes along but it's going to
not go so well and if your appearance
what that thing is going to do is it's
going to bring you down back down to
that level playing field line and if
something really bad has happened then
something good hopefully will happen in
the future which will then bring you
back up that level playing field line so
everybody everybody's on this line I've
been riding above the line I'll crush my
car I'm now back on the line and hey hey
look at this the doors just broken to
the office so I can't get out the office
and locked in the office oh I think
every sort of thing I'm sort of think of
me pain is temporary
quitting lasts forever and we don't quit
hi a my life's going brilliantly today
what are we done today to take you
taking up my cup yeah really other than
athlete of the parlor monstrosity which
is person B evening at my now this is
the work of Toby and I playing a lot of
League of Legends all evening my car and
outside that window it's in pieces as am
i I was being so irrational about the
whole vision in my head I don't know how
I acted but in my head I was being so
irrational about the situation and I
tried my best to rationalize that I've
now come to terms with it yeah we can
get it fixed but I think the main point
was that car is one of my proudest
achievements that I've ever achieved
like that is the biggest achievement of
my life
like legitimately the biggest
achievement of my life a lot of you know
this in a lot of you one but ever since
I was younger I wanted a mini like ever
since so I just always love them you've
got to see why that was a shock to me
hopefully in a few weeks time everything
will be sorted out with some look even
sometime in the week so today's vlog is
a perfect example of how a perfectly
planned day we planned it out perfectly
in our little book can take a turn for
the worst but there's only one word for
that and that's life
sails and guys keep smiling I'll catch
you in tomorrow's vlog adios
Oh
