yeah
and actually wait a minute
my plate
so this morning has been absolutely
manic I'll finish the vlog last night
went home and edited it went to sleep
woke up at five minutes to nine before
the builders were meant to be here to
rush straight to the office and start
business of al-haq builders have now
left I haven't killed myself and I want
to show you why I could have killed
myself I'm really impressed so this is
the progress of the room so far looking
absolutely amazing we've got all the
walls plus the board it's pretty much
other than this wall which is going to
be staying like this anyway because it's
a tech flow set though it's
mid-afternoon what have I been doing
since 9:00 a.m. this morning I've run
all the ethernet cables this one is the
main internet into this room these two
red ones go down there where the
computers going to be sitting this white
one goes well it drops down here for the
wireless access point that's going to
sit there and then this orange one
actually goes out onto the roof of this
building better be installing a wireless
access point on the roof offering my
hometown free and paid Wi-Fi services to
earn a little bit money now this is
where I could have died I would still
back look lock it down and also look
socket behind there they're all working
fine I've also installed a plug socket
here that's going to sit in there this
is a light switch this is cool that's a
simple on-off light switch which goes
down to this here what I'm going to do
is run that to a plug socket plug my LED
strips into that that are going to be
going under there and under there under
those beams firing down so then when I
come in I flick this switch this little
light switch on and it will turn on the
LEDs either son this is a dimmer switch
which I've installed today a quick demo
switch that does these two spotlights
which are in the roof up here they're
ready to be installed in the roof but if
you go back to the videos a week ago and
now look at this place compare the two
you can see there's a massive massive
change
so much rubbish food over the last two
days because I haven't had time to make
anything decent do you see something
I've had is probably some eggs yesterday
morning toughening anything all day I'm
sowing so guys I touched on this at the
end of yesterday's video but I think I
don't spend a little bit more time on it
so again really addressing this video
that I made where I totaled it how much
money do I earn and I vaguely explained
you know how much money I earn and how
much are you know I get through my
business and I explained that you know
it's really helped me to give like an
exact number because it just varies
about how much client work I actually
get oh I thought people were actually
going to say with her Alex you obviously
rubbish if you're not getting client
work like obviously not very good at
what you do
ladies and what any of you said at all
I've been absolutely lezard with with
things from you guys like these are Alex
how do you even start
I like how did you even do this and I
like how have you done this I like I
want to go doing freelance work either
photography video music where do I start
and how do I start and how do I even get
clients and how dog feels about client
bait and as I mentioned briefly
yesterday it's very difficult for me to
give you guys that answer the fact is
number one it's not very easy to do it
you have to have a lot of determination
it's not something it's like oh I want
to become a freelance photographer oh I
want to become a freelance videographer
I want to make a music video I want to
make promotional video I want to film
someone's wedding you can't just say it
and just expect this to happen you have
to put the graft in so as long as you've
understood that this in my book is step
number one portfolio now in the 21st
century right now the year of 2017 is
very evident in the last few years that
we're moving towards an online world
everything is online in the generation
before mine if you're a photographer or
a videographer
you won't make a picture book of the
pictures that you've taken or you would
put it on a disk and send it to a client
of the videos that you've already done
to the client can then assess what work
you can achieve now it's pretty much
just as simple as having a website or
even simpler than that
having an Instagram page now I'm going
to target this purely for photography
and video people because that's what I
do
Instagram is brilliant you can upload
shop straight from your phone right on
there you can even upload video to looks
like a minute I think and the beauty of
it is ice-free advertising if someone
stumbles across your Instagram page or
your website boom they like yourself
they're going to drop your DM and you
straight it I get at least 5 emails a
day from a new potential client who's
seen me online through my Instagram or
anything or any of my youtube videos or
anything
asking me to do some work for them nine
times out of 10 it never goes through
all I'm trying to do here is demonstrate
the power of the internet - step one
build a portfolio now step two don't go
into this expecting to earn big books
from your first job in fact expect to go
down in money why I mean by that is
you're going to have to go out to start
with and buy the equipment you're gonna
have to buy a camera or and some audio
recording equipment or a computer
whatever you need to get the job done
right that's coming out of your bank
account what I'm gonna tell you next is
going to shock you do free work free
work is absolutely essential to building
on what we've already talked about that
portfolio the news is because all you
guys know about it and I'll absolutely
love the angel copy houses my lat Haven
I was in college and I was assigned a
college project to do a promotional
video so I approached the age of
coffeehouse with my friend Jed who you
guys know and we said hey we've got a
project coming up for college well we
need to do a promotional video can we
base that promotional video on your
coffee shop the owner said yes we
created this promotional video for the
coffee shop the only doing was a favor
because this was purely for our college
project not for the coffee house Gemini
had finished the project together we
submit it as our college as our college
project and we obviously also showed it
to the coffee house owner who was in
tears when she first saw it it's now on
their website and all over that Twitter
that's not about your name out there
because you're the one that made the
work it's built on your portfolio and
you're doing free work this is exactly
what you need now moving on to step 3
know your work so you're building your
portfolio right you've got a selection
of your images videos or whatever it may
be in one unique location or in multiple
locations that you can show people
you've done this by doing free work and
you've evaluated yourself on this free
that you've done this is the most
important bit and probably the trickiest
bit put a price on it what if you think
that your portfolio is big enough and
people are coming to you and saying hey
I saw the Angel coffeehouse video can
you do a video for my coffee shop you
can say yes and that was worth maybe
five hundred pounds five hundred pounds
please and they'll be like okay sure and
there you have it your first piece of
paid work that is how it's done not
everything in this video I have said in
previous videos but it's been very sick
man today and very broken up over
numerous different videos so that was my
official how I started my business it's
seventeen now but what I've read up is a
carbon copy of what I did with my
clients and the work that I did video
work I'm not saying it's going to work
for everybody I'm just trying to help
you guys by twitter has been absolutely
bombarded with these sorts of questions
since I made to be about how much money
is and so is the comment everybody's
been saying Alex please do it hopefully
hopefully that makes sense
well as the guys made it back home I've
just had some tea got back realized I
didn't even make my bed this morning or
do my blinds up because I was literally
up straight to the office to let the
builders in as you guys know as you guys
know it's like ridiculous I come home
edit a vlog and then I met hey bro what
you playing what buzzer buzzer I just
found an old videos me and you playing
Hunger Games on you no way guys check
this out look at this this is an old
video of mine with my brother in it
lookouts moving speaking Jason you want
to redo or do you a set of homes you
really watch drop the do your set the
wrong way yeah so we started out doing
the light in your room didn't William
Lee on your mirror yeah yeah and that
was cool wasn't it right and we've
worked together on the drone wall in my
room haven't we Ryan do you think we
should do this room next what is your
little thing isn't it
you mean like dude like they're called
light no not the foot not the circle one
but those chickens even seen LED strips
let's let's introduce it that like cable
but we liked on and you can stick them
to whatever you want
how cool is not not anyway guys it's
Sunday tomorrow I'm really not sure what
I'm going to be doing tomorrow I have no
idea I'm going to continue to try and
get off early I would say also put like
8 9 a.m. this morning and it's now like
half past and my hands are still filthy
I can't get them clean to what I'm gonna
do I'm going to go have a pass and I
like you guys have been awesome guys
they also keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog adios
