so listen the process of anything
yesterday's vlog on the new MacBook and
it's dead well it's got power in it
because the force touch trackpad is
working but edges won't come on my touch
file is not working so I can't change
the brightness oh there we go it was on
operators wasn't it price the guys good
afternoon how are you all doing my name
is of course Alex and welcome this is
this is my Friday brilliant seeing Jed
last night in the office we discussed
some moves as to what we're going to be
doing over the next month or so he's
going to be helping me with a lot of
main channel videos and a lot of other
stuff surrounding that that is going to
be really really cool speaking of main
Channel videos I've got a record one
today for tonight I'm trying to keep up
this weekly uploads on the main channel
as well as daily on this channel and
doing tech flow stuff as well work hard
anywhere I've just sent me an email
method Alex we've got you your 2017
batch ready and I'm here like what do
you mean what do you mean 2017 batch you
know like just just click the link in
the email
so I'll click to it and this is what it
says only you guys going to say at the
same time as me oh my whoa work hard
anywhere Mars bar volume 2 oh wow let's
have a look at these so you guys know
that I absolutely love to govern of the
vibe of like work hard anywhere always
make fun of what you're doing like make
it light make light of the situation
I've always said to myself you're living
a life while you're looking forward to
the weekends you're doing something
wrong now this used to be the case all
the time for me and it is for a lot of
people you know when you're in school in
education obviously you look forward to
the weekends because you don't have any
other choice but when you come out of
your highest education and you have the
option to do what you want with your
life please for the love of God just
make sure you're doing some things that
you love
it was actually something that my
granddad told me a long time ago before
he passed away of cancer I think at the
age of 65 and I remember it was a
conversation to have with him a long
time ago it was actually helping me
revise for my GCSEs and I said to him at
one point that was really Roy because I
didn't know what career path I was going
to go into when when I was older and I
asked him how he got the choice of what
career path he went into when he was
younger and how he avoided worrying
about and he said you've only got one
thing to worry about and that is just to
make sure that you're doing something
that you enjoy so let's see live what
they've done you guys have been wrapping
them all the time on no way
they've got a triple monitor workout
anywhere wallpaper now it's called the
panel and then we've got red we've got
blue and we've got green and then I
asked it yet I took this photo this is
actually a photo that I took it has both
about Alex Mars bar and it's got the
work card anywhere logo over it
so this is all the volume 2 of the
wallpapers - 2017 I'll drop this link in
the description and ready three two one
look at that bad boy
personally I've got the blue one on my
macbook as you can see just there link
guys in the description remember work
hard anywhere have fun with it look it's
doing again it won't come on on button
touch ID she's not coming on what the
hell not good
hello keyboard lights are on and the
trap has working but it's not coming on
right guys I need to get this main
channel video recorded and edited and as
I told you guys before you can't work in
a cluttered workspace main channel time
Oh guys look at this
it's just I reading on the good side
though I've just finished the main
channel video that's rendering out as we
speak that should be live now been
filming that video all afternoon it's
been a massive metal in about all those
parts all on box I need to go and see if
I'm being ripped off or not because
because I think I'm being ripped off and
I'm getting ripped off
I can buy these on eBay for like 23
pounds I'm literally gonna have to spend
54 pounds right now on these because
they're putting the roof on tomorrow and
I need to have these installed before
they draw the roof you see how simple
things like planning can save you money
so important oh can I get a a five-piece
you can select me oh please
the office looks so cool with just the
LEDs on Wow right I haven't had chance
to grow anything to eat all day and I
don't have time to make anything we'll
go to the shop so it's a McDonald today
more jargon for the room of there it was
at this moment that need the new he
 up ah God will cut right in there
ah I'm gonna hurt whoa ah ah hey cobble
cuz I'm people cuz Oh
if any modification is made it will
invalidate the warranty and may render
this product or say kid
don't try this at home
kids or anyone for that matter please
don't try this at home
low voltage LED we extended cable three
two one are we gonna work
oh no oh there we go
that goes on six so happens all of this
out this evening because the builders
are going to be putting the roof on
tomorrow
I'm going to call it a night there this
is what this is what hard work and
determination looks like for the evening
that is the evidence of my hard work and
determination it's currently 23 56 in
the evening 11 56 in the evening
four minutes to midnight I wanted to
stop about an hour ago right but that is
the most important moment that moment
you want to stop is the most important
because that is the moment you need to
tell yourself that you need to keep
going I've run the cables to the main
internet connection in there I've got
our new light dangling down where I want
them to be plug the transformer securely
tucked away up there I've taken down all
the old lights in preparation for the
voice coming tomorrow to finish this
room and I've run some Ethernet cables
for the computers down here this thing
is really really starting to take shape
right now and I'm loving it I'll finish
what I need to do today it's time now to
call it a break and I've just been and
washed my hands now so I've got nothing
to show a bit upset from all this mess
all over the place but hard work and
determination the main one being
determination you don't even have to
work hard if you good at something you
definitely do have to work hard take
that phrase with a grain of salt but
it's a determination part if you really
want something you need to be determined
and depending on how the termined you
are for that said thing you will do
anything in your power to go out and
achieve that for example the dust up
there has absolutely killed my throat
this evening but I've still carried on
because I'm determined to get it done
yeah I've got a sore throat who cares
it's not a determination factor now I
can't go and tell you guys exactly how
to start up something that you guys want
to do because there's hundreds of
thousands of you people that watch my
videos and I'm pretty sure you all want
to go ahead and do different things if
you want you to do something and there's
a massive tip right if you want to do
freelance work if you want to do
freelance work to start out go out and
do free work for loads of people just do
it for free that way that way it gets
your name out there and it gets you
experience and that's exactly exactly
what you're needing right I'm leaving
this place now I'm back here at 8:30 in
the morning it's now 12 p.m. go this is
an ongoing project is taking my life and
soul and all my brainpower to do this
but it is one of the
some things I've ever done in my life
alright guys I'm going to do what I do
every evening piece together this little
masterpiece of today upload it and then
get some sleep
and then start a new vlog tomorrow - not
like you guys been old and we still here
at this point in the video guys are like
creating would be wicked my son Alex
void said that I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog oh yes
you
