first alleged fight on this matter the
big test
bye bye Maria then the next I'm going to
see my girlfriend is maybe like two
weeks time when she comes home unless I
can find some time to come back down
here and see her but for now two hour
drive back
I'm going to tell you guys I'm put this
on Twitter yesterday
Billy's there we've got a doggy Billy
I'm tired now you typed me out me what
uh hello
you okay might you're still my number
one Angie Burt there you go right guys
finally made it home tender toward
animals make sure they're all ok I need
to give the car a quick once-over
because it's absolutely filthy driving
all the way to Manchester and back oh
right then there we go that is
everything I thought the Manchester laid
out on on the bed well let's open that
laptop I didn't take that laptop I went
with that one and came back with these
being bought this year one of the
funniest years I've ever seen in my life
I believe all that stuff on there for
now coming a massive rush as per usual
go buy from Manchester were in full
swing again so I like that they're
working all day in the office Tuesday
evening whilst I was driving to
Manchester so I haven't seen what
they've done recently and obviously
think I've been working all evening this
evening so today today is going to be a
big day I think right I need to go let
them in I'll come and deal with you
later
now what we looking like that
yeah oh my god it Wow still has just
been let in and I think I think judge
just arrived
my boyfriend boyfriend I guess get that
for the rest of our girlfriends normal
sorry no no I'm still looking sir
why not going to take that measurement
never feel no regret apology is
Christmas all over again so fat chunk of
still has arrived and I'm led to believe
that all of this well is most of the
stuff that with that would go on eBay
for this room up here and just ask me
the perfect question is it doesn't get
boring
does it get booked does it get boring
unboxing parcels everyday and now it
doesn't two mouths from my onyx
that's my onyx appreciate it they're
really cool wait a minute there's like a
garden or anyone and it's a banana and
colored ones thanks for the coffee I
said I'm not sure I'm not sure if you
can actually buy them I think they're
like kind of special now yeah if you're
in you're in
and then there's a like a certain number
of these made in the world so yeah again
spare one of these because Apple sucks
choose one broke ah you know is it
matter yeah that goes on the wall and
then you can put cables through it and
then it doesn't look as bad it's just
cables coming through a wall it looks
pretty pretty flush to the wall that's
all that for basketball
I'm meeting with Muffy and I'm awaiting
their communicators commuting with about
me oh my god it was really cool so this
table is a really thin Ethernet cable to
run from down here by my computer up the
wall into there to give us the internet
or internet for live streaming all the
live streams are going to be running
through this here cable Oh
LED strips a lot of them LED strips for
boxes there they're all the same thing
to see buildings which is 1 foot under
this desk and one for one for up there
we haven't just gone for your box
standard white plated plug socket my
unite golden I don't like it rush rush
rush train Nexus Nexus metal Nexus metal
this thing that's going to look good on
a budget honestly if you're doing stuff
like this
eBay Oh so these it go in the wall and
give you HDMI out so you can plug it
into the TV so if you ever take the TV
off the wall it's going to look really
flush and really nice we're not going to
hit the TV off the wall just trying to
do a proper job here and make things
look you know is it an electrician would
do it properly and that's what I'm going
for
on the budget doing this thing properly
career extension cables here I drew a
massive debt yeah
4k HDMI cable look at them but oh my god
mm-hm
I'm kinda lucky all this cups arrives oh
because I need to install this right
right now
ah
wait it suddenly says cable I think I
just won this one I do the main channel
video and not do it in a bar so this
Ethernet cable but I've just ran above
all the roof slats there that comes down
back there where the switch is going to
be for the Internet I've actually
partner with Ubiquiti Networks they're
going to be sending without some
wireless access points to kit this
playset with ultra fast HD Wi-Fi I know
that genuinely sounds like I don't know
I'm talking about ultra fast HD Wi-Fi
systems that sounds like really mediocre
doesn't it is these a net down there
that I'm going over the HDMI is behind
this board I just need to get this cable
in as soon as possible because they're
going to be boarding up the roof soon so
all my roofing all my routing cables I
need to get them in ASAP we're going to
plug socket down there behind the sofa
for one reason and one reason only
that's going to be for the wireless
subwoofer that LG is sending out from
the lips to their brand new Atmos sound
bar which is going to sit underneath the
wall-mounted TV all the other stuff is
in there I don't need to install it yet
remember us to install it starts talking
about the main Channel video I just
needed to put this in before before they
board the roof I also need to get our
LED spotlights installed in the roof
panels and put all the cabling in for
that so we finished in the office for
this evening
I'm sweating recorded a text or a video
I've installed some stuff up there
they're coming back all day Saturday to
work they're working in that all day
Saturday so we're going to see massive
improvement on Saturday when every day
red light you went through a red light
start to pick it go I absolutely love
just bombing around town it's honestly
so fun three two one barriers I feel
kind of in tomorrow's look I love your
faces
