so this is just all the makeup here I
put this on my face and I put this there
and call it this stuff good morning guys
how you're doing my name is of course
ice guys welcome back to another daily
vlog speaking quiet these walls I made a
cardboard see I'm in glory in your room
she's in the kitchen making me some food
I think in the process of editing yes
with a long as you guys have been
filming all these vlogs in 4k recently
and it takes a lot of space and a lot of
CPU power to do that this laptop it's
only got a 256 gigabyte SSD in this
thing and sometimes it really starts
alive when I'm editing it so I think I
might need to upgrade my laptop today
old fashioned to bambridge if they're
all weasels gay this is incredible this
is called the Northern Quarter in
Manchester what was a shop in the
northern war they had a bangles that you
put round your wrist and it had a load
of like camera lenses on it like 20
millimeters 24 to 70 billion is the 50
millimeter I'm really tempted to go back
and get it because that that's cool now
though would you concede these just to
grab a little bit as soon I've got
videos prior to it there you go bro take
three months plus my profit fully belong
to me it is me so come back into the
shop this mental one because the one
thing to buy some of the stuff that said
I was going to buy earlier I thought by
the price I'm going to buy some stuff
are you already chosen I got the right
yeah
this is the best weed job I've ever been
in I know different well the neighbor
for you as last as I recognize that guy
yeah brilliant and apply to me I know
it's right yes that's right you know
you're not giving me a break you guys
come to this place you guys here there
you go and then buy one of these and
sweet minute then I don't know what I'll
do I'll be happy
so guys I've made it back into
marie-jeanne room had an absolutely
amazing morning slash afternoon with
Maria Jojo is this like really really
really strange part of Manchester as you
know I don't feel right using the word
strange more of me snitch meaning just
like a little bit different than usual
and it was like the shopping arcade full
of like really really really cool stuff
I wasn't this shot that sold my old
fashioned games and I saw this wristband
which has a SMS on it and it also has a
24 centimeter the guy and he was I was
going to go buy it was one pound and he
was like no meat you can take it because
I'll watch your YouTube videos and I was
like dude I'm gonna pay you for this
thanks man I really appreciate it really
but it really simply my day that really
made my day I also put this shirt on my
snapchat story it got over a hundred
screenshots in five minutes so I was
like I'm not I'm not even gonna wear it
I'm just gonna buy it just because like
it is just so funny I just look at this
what what is that it's so good it's like
my type of humor
it just says pee it just says they say
you are what you eat but I don't
remember eating a in legend look a lot
it's just so good things like that the
fact that someone's physically designed
that just makes me laugh right guys this
has been my laptop for the past year my
password is a L e xn tur and this is
final this is what I edit my vlogs in
right and since I've got my new vlogging
camera I've been editing all the vlogs
in 4k and uploading them in 4k too if I
have a good internet connection wherever
I am but this laptop is starting is
starting to choke and it's starting to
get really hard to edit video editing
1080p used to be flying on it but
editing 4k it let me try and show you or
give you our sleep it does it right now
it last week I made a big deal that
didn't have any client work so I'm going
to do it till week on Google I work on
so there's going to be a chill week on
the vlog organism the vlogging just
skips and it's really really really
difficult to make all these fine cuts
that I make in the video but I for
example you've seen these four cuts here
very short cut yeah because it's so
laggy and so responsive it takes a good
minute to make to make that 10 second
clip and if I was making one video a
week or a few videos a week I really
wouldn't mind the fact that I said to
you guys I do this thing daily I may
a video every single day of my life and
as you guys know he's been watching my
blog channel for a long time I was put
off getting the new MacBook because it
didn't have a card reader and I thought
the touch Bowl was a massive gimmick and
to this day I still think it's stupid I
wish you could turn it off but I've
actually read online and Apple have a 14
day return policy so if you don't like
an item that you buy you can take it
back with the receipt and box so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to go to
the Apple store right now whilst Marie
is doing some uni work I'm going to buy
the fully spec towel laptop right and if
I can edit my videos on it I'm going to
edit tomorrow's list vlog I'm going to
be editing on the new laptop if I can
pick one ik today it's my experience
with it is I mean 100% good and no lag
but if a one moment that laptop chokes
I'm taking it back let's go and see what
we can do and I'll give you guys my
honest opinion of the 2716 MacBook Pro
let's do this
other items beyond doubt gotta find the
Apple store where mine guards are going
to be tackling this purely just the
video and it first of all I wanted
quickly go between all the different 5
click the tap on them ok
like you view a presentation vehicle for
that yeah yeah screens are not that
resource that was worth 2 to an hour
okay so take a million yeah 3 thank you
very much thank you for elephant I
appreciate I think Robin is right you
take it I'm going to take a solution or
purchase - you get 10% off either my
girlfriend student card this is a top
spec model that they actually sell in
store you can customize online get a one
terabyte hard drive this has got a 512
2.7 gigahertz 16 inch display i-75 12 16
gig of ram Intel oh no Radeon 4 5 5 with
2 new gddr5 this little key mob things
pretty cool
you take your key out of it and then I
was like a bottle opener and a
screwdriver and most importantly a nice
ok it looks like a beast
Oh No
doing update I spent about 15 minutes
with it actually on it using it but all
I've been doing on it is watching
YouTube videos and checking out my
subscriptions which is pretty much my
only activity on YouTube that's all I do
I've ever really do anything else just
watch subscriptions absolutely just for
anyways no lots of the new one is new
boxes down there already with the
receipt inside it just in case I want to
take this thing back because I was I'm
going to edit this video on this and if
it chokes once I'm taking it back
however I'm not sure how I'm going to
get this onto there because I don't have
an SD card reader and I also don't have
a dongle I'm going to have to oh you
have an SD card reader it a USB one
because I bought one of these well I was
thinking of doing was using this and a
cable to connect to the camera I think
that might work and I also had a
brilliant idea and it was me that's all
of this of putting a dongle on my key
ring it was her idea it wasn't mine it's
pretty good idea yeah I'm going to edit
on this tomorrow and then I'll be able
to let you guys know give you guys a bit
more bit more of an insight as to what I
think of it I've used a push bar and
it's kind of cool but it is a gimmick so
I'm going to shoot you down to the last
anyway guys might as well like you guys
been awesome guys Dale's can keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
tomorrow
