yeah
sorry to them this has got full really
busy day especially this morning it's
because yesterday I was actually
last-minute invited down from London
hoping YouTube about like I don't know
that even though I'll talk about but
will be going on stage and talking to a
lot of other people about YouTube and
stuff at the YouTube space in London
would you want to come down and do it I
was like yeah why not so I will put all
my sudden this morning and now I found
myself on a trip to London got a big day
today
so I'm in the event I've got a little
mic on at the moment this is the stage
is going on right here this is a bit
more serious and I thought it was going
to be hopefully I can know hopefully I
can pull this off I'm going to wing it
so I'm going to be sat there in the next
15 minutes talking to all of these
people behind me so today what we're
going to talk about 1/2 1 at 500 pounds
table she's been sat here for the last
half an hour right that he has been an
interviewer and we were the interviewee
is that correct and she was asking those
questions and all these people all
something sit walk sitting walk all
around there and it was really fun and
we answered questions and it was a good
time and I talked to memorizing stories
and it was all about YouTube so I was in
my absolute element it's all over now
though half an hour and stage went
really really well considering how tired
I am YouTube gave me a really awesome
YouTube goodie bag and inside there's
one thing which is art there look at
that thing that is a leather YouTube
diary you guys have been banging on
about my time management recently and
how I want to manage my time better
hopefully hopefully having a diary
should sort out right there's another
half to this event but a lot of time
I've got a head there is did I may I
hurt man
I believe it shows in my videos how like
how much I get around but like a blunt
bin to London this morning been to an
event talked on stage come back from
London then come all the way to Lincoln
with G to carry on the usual Tuesday
tradition finished all of that now going
home
merica tangi very good me I'm very good
been enjoyable isn't it how about a good
old Tuesday sessions right guys late
afternoon arrived at the office Jordan
has just brought milk here and jetted up
to work was it this morning which drove
to the office thing got a lift from the
office to the train station and then
jetted off to London then Jordan drove
me drove me to Lincoln while us to
Lincoln so now I'm back in my office
with the car late afternoon that feels
there's no way and I walking one is
largely tech on it what would larger
takes enemy shall I open it oh this is
so long it will be a little bit wrong
it's not opening now so actually having
this evening to Manchester to see Maria
my girlfriend I'm going to drive down
it's the first time I've ever driven to
Manchester purely just to see Maria she
sorted me out some free car parking so
it's going to be cheaper than getting a
train down trying to save a bit of money
in how the subjective money I get this
question a lot and I see people find it
fascinating
knowing personal information because
they shouldn't really know about other
people people seem to think it's their
business and because because for some
reason people ask the question all the
time or even just assume things all the
time
about these personal questions one of
them just being monetary gain but I may
as well just answer a few a few
questions that I get more often than I
really should I still have no idea what
what you take of sent me here oh my whoa
okay wait a minute there's two of
whatever that sent me okay so the number
one question is well I see it all the
time I like how much do you earn it's a
very difficult question for me to answer
because
I am I work freelance I'm able to
hundred percent sure the term freelance
means I'm like 90% of zero just means
like I work for myself for other people
that that makes them just fine
freelance self-employed high to work for
different companies for particular
assignment yes yeah okay I'm freelance
I'm definitely freelance now the reason
I have set okay there's three of what
would you take assembly there's three of
them is there going to be more so it's
really difficult to tell you guys how
much I typically earn because as I've
told you guys last week I made a big
deal that I didn't have any client work
on so there's going to be a chill week
on the vlog we're going to do some
projects of spray paint the drug we made
the drone we hung the drone off the
ceiling
we did some cool stuff I didn't have any
client work and actually don't even how
many client work this week health-wise
tonight and well until Thursday I'm
going down to see my girlfriend in
Manchester now that week after that I'm
bummed at with client work I've got some
more photo shoots I need to do for the
company that I was working for a few
weeks back I've got I've got to do the
wireless installer angels comprar house
I've also got a do a promotional video
for another coffee shop which is just
opening up down there and also I think I
might have a hairdresser as well once in
a promotional video why is the three
week and obviously as well my YouTube
videos all the videos I make on YouTube
or monetize that they have an advert in
in in the start of them and the thing is
as well it's no dissatisfaction for the
viewers because even if I then monetize
my YouTube videos YouTube will still put
an ad on the front of my videos it's
just that I won't get the money you will
get on consent of it and you can
actually go on a cycle of socialblade
bear in mind is not very accurate but
you can search up any of your youtubers
that you know you can put their channel
name in and it will tell you their
estimated earnings now it's really not
accurate so take these readings if you
go and do it with a grain of salt but
it's still a reading nevertheless and it
will give you an estimated earnings but
as I said take it with a grain of salt
because it's not very accurate it's
actually that one accurate it's a little
bit pointless
g-53 three wireless DTS 7.1 surround
sound gaming headset well I've got three
of these so resume it as a giveaway
coming up unless I could use these two
the live streaming room but
rather give these give these to you guys
I'm currently giving away go for a hair
of five so I'll do this next month I'll
do a big giveaway next month and these
could be the smaller items of that
giveaway drop a like if you want me to
give these away or it's not then I'll
just use them in the livestream room
okay wait a minute they have a
microphone on them so I could use these
for the live streaming room because if I
have guest room we can both wear a
headset so you're really talking about
earnings and stuff it's a question I get
a lot it all just really depends I'm
freelance
so my jobs are sometimes really busy and
sometimes really not busy as you guys
know my YouTube videos are monetized so
that's great because that gives a bit of
income to keep improving the videos like
buying new microphones when they break
and still I do do some sponsored stuff
on YouTube but that's only an aide of
making a video better like I look at a
sponsorship in a way that I'm more than
happy to let someone sponsor a video if
it's going to improve the content so for
example if I'm building something and
the sponsors going to help with that
it's going to make the video better for
the audience and yeah I'm going to do it
if it's not going to benefit the
audience in any way or it's making me
have to lie and say things to you that
aren't true then no I won't do a
sponsorship but yeah I am freelance and
I'll probably always be freelance and
I've only been doing this for like the
last two years or more this freelancing
and I've only just like registered my
company in the last year so I'm new to
all of this like really new to it all
but still if you guys want to do the
same thing or you wanting any advice on
any of this thoughts till then please
feel free to hit me up on Twitter or an
Instagram or in the comment section down
below and I'll try and reply because I'm
because that's because my ultimate
ultimate aim is that I'm here to help
you guys as much as you guys are here to
help me and I can sit here and vent to
you guys and talk to you guys about
stuff and you guys are my escape and
we've got so much fun stuff but I really
enjoy that so doing stuff like giveaways
and trying to interact with you guys as
much as I can whether you just want to
have a chat or you actually want some
advice about something I'm always here
for you guys and that will never change
we got it right disabilities just
arrived I'm going to go
and then for a halibut evening any
problems bass give me room cheers man
darling brilliant guys all right home
here is my badge from the YouTube event
today I'm gonna leave that here I've got
all of my bags ready for this evening
got license their lenses wallet battery
pack laptop charger spare headphones
Apple watch charger spare hard drive in
the top compartment got the Google pixel
USBC cable Bose headphones GoPro
snapchat and then the back in the back
I've obviously got my laptop all the
bags in the boot now embarking on a
two-hour journey to Manchester two hours
later and I've made it that was the most
depressing thing I've done in a while
two maybe two and a half hours that took
me so many diversions oh my god it was
so painful roadworks every stretch of
the way random 50 mile an hour speed
limits on a motorway like for massive
stretches it's crazy how are you doing
is sat here but I'm absolutely that's
absolutely knocking me out but hey on
the good side I've arrived and we're all
in one piece
you
