so guys a few things have gone wrong
today
and yes today is a workday when things
go wrong on a workday that's not a good
thing the first thing that's wrong guys
is well the weather is terrible second
terrible thing is that it's it's almost
midday right now and well I was meant to
be in Leicester at midday in about 15
minutes
Lester's about an hour away from me now
I have to go to Leicester guys to attend
a really important meeting and about an
hour ago I was sat on the platform at
the train station on the train and then
the guy goes hey guys this trainer yeah
it's not gonna be moving because there's
been a big problem oh good good to know
how to come all the way home to get the
car and now I'm driving all the way to
Leicester for this meeting that
unfortunately I'm not even allowed to
tell you guys about and I wasn't even
gonna mention
so there we go guys I have arrived at my
meeting location unfortunately I'm not
allowed to tell you where I am or what
I'm doing but what I am allowed to tell
you is I'm working with the National
Lottery
that's literally I'm allowed to say so
guys probably be a couple of hours so
guys meeting finished and I've picked up
this fine specimen and he wants to lift
to the train station I would love that
in your camo car there we go so guys
meeting over unfortunately really not
much to tell you guys what the meeting
was about but this case it was at the
meeting which is really cool I'm not
giving it to the train station I wanted
to show him the car and they can hear it
okay of the car as well so convinced the
train station and then we'll go home and
I'm really sorry I'm just not allowed to
tell you guys what the meeting was about
but it's cool wasn't it it will be up
soon it'll be up soon
I don't know what you heard about me
I'll give it to you no interruption
hello my beautiful office hello
brand-new killer lighting system look at
that way if you turn off the main video
light look at the colors just pop in
here man so guys we will do the rest of
today's vlog like this without the main
video lights on Gabe if Gabe if you know
intimacy going on between me and you
guys cuz sometimes you know I kinda like
that maybe I maybe I'm just been a bit
weird anyway guys today it has been
absolutely awesome I had a meeting which
literally lasted as you can see the
whole day after what had been a really
stressful morning I was literally sat on
the train waiting to go for about half
an hour and then they started to tell
everybody that there's a problem in the
train anyway guys I got there in the end
I had my meeting met up with an awesome
friend of mine there Elmo and if you
guys know him but he's the sound guys
really really really really cool guy and
now guys this evening I've stepped into
the office not to blog with you guys
I've actually got to got to carry on
working as I told you guys earlier today
is going to be a workflow so guys
unfortunately I'm not allowed to tell
you guys about this meeting earlier
however it's really really cool and if
you guys didn't know more about this
very soon right but as I told you guys
I've come into the office this evening
to carry on working and you guys are
probably like Alex what are you working
for what is going on by the way check
out this little motherboard but he's
actually guy is it really cute look at
Mona's small that thing is it's tiny I
need to put this back in the box
so guys this little motherboard is for
the computer build I am doing with my
brother on Wednesday Wednesday evening
starting 7:30 p.m.
around 7:30 all of you guys know this
anyway but I'm gonna be in here guys
building a computer with my little baby
brother Jakob and we're gonna be live on
Twitch you guys can chat donate do
whatever the hell you want and just
watch Jakob and I build a computer
Wednesday 7:30 is going to be wicked so
I've told you guys that I'm coming into
the office this evening to work and work
I must because curries and PC world and
Dickson's
are waiting for me now if you don't know
what courage PC world and Dickson's up
here in the UK they are shop and
electronics store much like a are Best
Buy in in America or something like that
but they just sell tech and tech can we
split up into loads of different
categories but one of them is computer
peripherals and I have one of the
computer peripherals right here the
brand-new k63 Wireless and Corsa and
this now guys is actually really cool
because Curry's PC world and vixens the
people that sell this here in the UK on
the high street want me yes me to create
a video just for them purposely for them
to go on their website underneath the
product to explain what this keyboard is
all about some reason they see they see
that I'm capable of doing this so I need
guys to get that filmed this evening but
I get umpteen questions about Alex how
do you stay motivated to do all the work
you do I mean heck I've driven all the
way to Leicester today and had a
four-hour meeting now I'm in the office
towards the end of the day people are
literally going getting ready for bed
right now and I haven't even started
this piece and then tomorrow morning I'm
off I'm on a train I'm going to London
to meet my manager who I've told you
guys we're starting a brand new company
that's a big custom case and I've also
got a meeting in London tomorrow with
Hawai way your
whoever the hell you pronounce her why
way Hawaii Hawaii whoo Oh whoo and guys
I don't think this is me bragging about
work or oh my god I got those at work
because I really don't as people that
work really really ten times harder than
I do
but working hard and achieving goals is
a passion of mine and this YouTube
channel is where I want to share what
I'm passionate about and I'm passionate
about working hard one thing guys that I
I always tell myself and this is gonna
sound very odd to begin with guys but
never think of hard work as a hard work
because if you think of it as hard work
you're not going to get the job done
turn that phrase hard work into
bettering yourself think of it guys as
hard work turning yourself into who you
want to be right if you think about it
is hard work you're getting off to the
wrong start instead guys what you should
be thinking about is how good you'll
feel making hard look easy when the job
is complete and that's exactly what I
think about with these daily vlogs by
the way because these well I make this
look easy to a lot of people doing these
daily vlogs is far from easy so that's
my that's my first tip for you guys one
of two out the way never think about how
hard or frustrating something is going
to be think about how much it's going to
actually better yourself and push you
into a brighter future right guys I need
to get on with filming this video what
follows is a brief construction montage
we hope you enjoyed this brief
construction montage 3 all finished
hopefully hopefully curves and PC will
to be happy with what I've just recorded
for them sweet videos all finished talk
about pressure and hard work when you
are trying to impress multi-million
dollar company
with your videos now the second part
guys to my working hard list is a part
that I don't do very often and it's
setting goals but not only setting goals
because anybody can sit there and set a
goal what you need to do is how guys the
goals visualized and it's as simple as
it sounds just visualize your goals
write them down somewhere evidence
somewhere that you're going to see them
every single day
I suggest invest in a whiteboard now if
your long-term subscriber of mine you
will know that this is what I call my
well this is my productivity board and
it's broken down very simply
intersections the top part is my
favorite quotes that you guys have left
me in the comments but I guys really
need to sort this out because these are
my short and long-term goals just after
Christmas get one more whisp client done
that he put Jim yeah done that don't
want more promotion yet done that
haven't done Jake's help haven't done
that yet hello world why the hell is
that on there right guys I've gone ahead
and rubbed off all of my goals and now I
want to share with you my new goals of
2018 are you ready for it
guys brace yourselves here you go
pimp a subs setup yes that's right guys
in 2018 I want to pimp one of your guys
setups and get it up as a main channel
video on the main channel I want to
build my own house I want a complete
Jake set up new house is already being
built I'm gonna visit it tomorrow and
Jake is currently on tour so we have to
wait till he gets back continue to grow
my wireless internet service provider
company build a new company website and
brand yes I want to rebrand create the
hidden company as to which I'm not
telling you guys about yet and I have a
meeting in London about it tomorrow deck
out my brand new house make it awesome
invite a fan round to the new house buy
a BMW m2 and two of the most important
things continue to travel and make
awesome content if I can take off guys
all these things by the end of 2018
every single one of them I will be very
very happy and the reason I have the
board right there guys is because every
morning when I wake up the first thing I
do is go into the bathroom and I can
glance over see the board straight away
look at the goals absorb all the
information and if any positivity is
there and then I can continue to go and
get ready in the morning but guys that's
gonna be it from me today I've had a
massive workday today a massive meeting
down in Leicester which is something
cool happening very soon and I always
get a ton of you guys saying Alex how do
you stay motivated Alex how do you get
inspired to do things and those are my
two top tips guys I'm gonna go out for a
run right now get some fitness in then
go to bed and I'll see you guys in the
morning guys peace adios stay awesome
keep smiling and I'll see you in
tomorrow's daily vlog adios
