good morning to you all how are you all
doing my name is of course Alex guys and
welcome back to another daily vlog
welcome welcome to my Monday I'm going
to up all the people that
wouldn't give away all the items I've
got thousand three-minute is his eyes
once again away boxes I'm going to send
off to the winner I've got the Amazon
echo there I still box but these are all
other giveaway winners I've got some
Bluetooth speakers and B keyboards
there's a door for the winner I need to
get all these posted off to the lucky
winners today and I'm currently doing a
giveaway for a GoPro Hero 5 so if you
guys want to enter that then the link to
that is in the description to enter
right and he's going to get all this
stuff sent off the amount of dust up
here is just absolutely phenomenal like
you come in here and there's just dust
in the air you can feel it still feels
coming back tonight hopefully this
evening we can see some of these boards
on the wall we guys made it into the
office Monday afternoon absolutely we
doing well feeling absolutely brilliant
actually I was talking to you guys the
other day about time management and it's
something that I really lacked and it's
something that I really to work on and
it's great recognizing things you need
to work on accepting things that you're
not very good at and then achieving
getting better at them this isn't going
to sound good to the majority of people
watching over the last three days of it
up before 8 a.m. Saturday Sunday and
today being Monday I work this morning
have some food been in the gym wash my
face and how to shave had a shower
there's one thing there's one thing that
I still need to do though and I'm and
I'm kind of a little bit worried about
it
I'm going to need some money to pay the
guy this is going to be the moment of
truth three guys there we go out of the
usual way that I would do it feels a
hell of a lot lighter and I feel a
different person my head before was just
a jungle of that oh my god but it cut in
a way that it will grow into the style I
want it to be which in my usual style
I'm not changing anything Robert you've
got the thumbs up from me you guys just
get it back to the office to let the
Builder in he's currently there and I'm
jetted back home again I've got no
interest in going to the office until a
little bit later on that this evening
because I do have some things to do
there but I made will go out and
builders leaving so I can talk and let
him out so I'm jelly they're lame in and
now I'm back home so he's there he's
putting the boards on virgins come up a
phone with someone senior at YouTube at
YouTube in London and I'm actually I
didn't know this but I'm at an event
tomorrow and I've only just figured this
out now it's nothing too important it's
just tomorrow morning I've got a jet
down plunder need to buy some tickets
now before they get too expensive and
it's your dance alone is tomorrow
morning really early I'm actually got to
go and talk to a load of middle aged
people about advertisements and
different things like that so again kind
of nervous and it's at YouTube
headquarters so I'm a little bit
optimism or drives me I'll have you guys
with me we'll be fine thank you for
holding a member of our team will answer
your call I put my trains along around a
button on from London to Newark and then
from Noah
London instead of London tada guys look
at this I've been on hold for sixty
minutes here is that's slightly mad
that's a slightly mad whole time am I
wrong finally after an hour and 10
minutes I'm off the phone they're fully
refunded a ticket now I can book the
tickets the the right way around and not
be an idiot about it I need to chill out
currently got the CCTV on in the office
just watching the Builder and for all of
you guys asking no it hasn't fallen down
yet
so yep we did a good job guys the
Builder has gone home he's gone home
look at this I want to show you the
progress you're here let's just
disregard that that is well what this
place is going to look like well the
whole place is going to look like that
until it's plastered and then painted
but as you can see this is the
foundations oh well a plaster board wall
this is poster board that goes on in
pieces like this and then you plaster
over the top of it and then you paint it
so it looks like a wall so we've got
plaster on there we started building the
frame around here to plaster all of that
got some board on there too which is
looking sweet I'm going to put LED
strips underneath each one of these
beams facing down this is going to
happen a lot quicker than I thought it
would and I think that's mainly because
it is taken so long to get to this point
and now we've got to this point and it's
like it's coming along this is going to
be amazing
I've been holding back on doing this but
I need to do one thing
oh so much surging and so many clicks
and one basket full 21 items in the
basket with a grand total of 178 pounds
look at all these things look how many
things that are in this bag this is this
is all stuff for this room just this
room
hi ready 3 2 1
Oh make sure but absolutely everything
that I need oh you know what you know
what you know our order successful sweet
beverage everything in my shopping
basket was for this room we're talking
HDMI cables we're talking plug sockets
silver plated chrome plug socket we're
talking Ethernet cables with looking
flower cables everything I'm doing this
thing on a massive budget so I'm doing a
lot of it myself which is brilliant
because obviously it makes this series
on the main channel when we get around
to recording it look a lot better I'm
honestly so so keen for this ah so cool
right guys just got home for the evening
off to London tomorrow so I need to get
some sleep
oh and by the way we're currently
looking after end of the dog come on
guys my name is Mike you guys have been
awesome hopefully to enjoy today's video
if you have a like rating will be wicked
guys that's for now - and Alex you guys
know ourselves and keep smiling I'll
catch you in tomorrow's vlog
you
Oh
