meanwhile right so sunday morning really
early in the morning I'm early again I'm
feeling good while gotta do is remove
all the important stuff from here and
take it away
mi love mi call flow in the office today
which is good it someday we're getting
stuff done
what building his crew downstairs
bringing some stuff up jet is in the
other room getting b-roll of some stuff
for text below it's all going down today
and I'm really busy today obviously with
all this stuff happening i'm going to
keep you guys updated as to what's going
on and what we're doing in the room and
I've also got to do with ebay shopping
spree later on this evening
meanwhile of all those nails down here
you can see the morning here this slide
the world the woman pulled out and we've
got to do the whole room how these nails
everywhere led to do that i'm going to
do some money and some lunch and just
being quiet music actually attaching a
bit
you live over in like 11 rights when
they left for the family
three guys mid afternoon meal finished
builder house has just gone home later
just now you're going to give you guys
have been up there as to what's going on
to it you can see this time there's no
nails this diverse still going to take
all the nails out what that swept the
floor down and it's looking really good
actually i'm told i'm sort of carpet
feels like it's all coming together now
it's gonna be so cool be already stood
on the footfalls walls going to go but
here there's going to be a war their
master builder he said yes we can
reassess the walls behind this part of
the world is going to be behind TV
obviously the team is going to come
off-the-wall about that much but
beneficent if your balls behind this
wouldn't be good
it's not going to protrude out here and
i'm going to do about here to be
considerably walk in here and get to
this side of the wall we can mess about
with all the ins and out what's on the
TV and yet even put forward the idea
that what we could do is wall mount the
xbox and ps4 underneath the TV so we're
back in here tomorrow evening we're
going to carry on working well the
Builder is I need to go back in order a
load of stuff for this room on eBay
business hours live about 10 years and i
have no idea what it is i think you're
not in the boxes but before I don't know
what is it just makes it better
you don't need to know what is this mine
its PlayStation something a little bag
suplex but primarily golden playstation
4 and places you brought them to get an
xbox though I should like to imagine
yeah thanks for the gift the PlayStation
off inside cry zeros on third-rate loves
their dog food available today work then
you ever survival snap to be open in
case of emergency in the PlayStation
food because edible language or Madonna
cher over here and welcome to make this
not with a stick machine mclean to p/r
glass Buffett great and look at the
detail but that's mad an emergency
what we need to create an emergency
alright stop participate is brilliant I
love it when companies yourself like i
always use your company on advertisement
mm and I was brilliant advertisement or
whatever every company for brilliant
marketing should just suck just send
rookie within a 10 you to my face but
they're going to handle minor detail
anywhere anywhere anywhere
gentlemen broken 30 just made it home
we've come home for one reason and one
reason only like to record a tech flow
video we've been sitting here for the
last like 15 minutes to score discussing
like another next moves for tech flow
because ye did for bringing a new series
that channel over there and we'll just
sort of discussing we need to now go
back to the office because of opposition
in the videos the Jordans arrives and
you just told me a story about they went
somewhere like yesterday someone came up
to him and was like you're from Mars
bars videos going to have a photo and
you just love the ocean you like it
might be watching about watches they are
too high your name right here for one
reason and one reason i'm gonna like
designated driver doing I gotta call way
on the right idea with it is that to try
to shoot second video they could take
like we want right
what we want to do is get some shots of
me on this on the boosted bored while on
on the slick revolution bored let's do
this
now this is going to be flying out
right boys
