good morning guys how are y'all doing my
name is of course Alex it's currently
8:30 in the morning as you can say
you've got building supplies here a load
of wood here I believe the correct term
lodging for those is lats and then there
and there
both sides a 25 sheets thick of + table
and what's all that for you guessed it
the ultimate life dreaming room I'm
gonna have to at some point today clear
all of this out because we're starting
on this
it's errand day suite room looking a lot
tidier right now got to take these solar
panel lights back that I bought
yesterday I can't believe I bought solar
panel lights for a room that doesn't
even see sunlight both my laptop's
uncharged here my main laptop my MacBook
which is my daily driver and then the LG
Graham I'm currently testing this thing
out really cool laptop actually I'm
really surprised gonna take all the VR
kit including the PlayStation VR down to
the live streaming room because I've had
a bit of a brainwave as well as it being
the live streaming room it's just gonna
be a gaming room to Glasser all the
games are gonna be in there all the VR
is gonna live there so the rooms tidy I
need to leave this place right now I've
got I've got some stuff I need to do
three funds of 19 pounds and three pay
you guys have got 19 pounds on a budget
to choose me some new lights for the
server room hey hey Oh a little bit
everything is coming together I need to
take this big coat up right now because
I'm gonna get really warm what I'm just
about to do what was in my pocket this
so much I don't think I have my phone in
that pocket but it was in there but
that's my wallet okay first off this leg
of the gorilla pod is just fully broken
so I'm gonna take the best leg off my
old gorilla pod this is gorilla pod
surgery right here there we go now got a
nice sturdy gorilla pod right let's get
on with this
Oh simply thinking Alex what have you
got to do up here well you know the drop
till the plasterboard off this morning
tomorrow they're starting the work up
here I didn't I didn't realize it was
gonna be this soon so I've got to tidy
all of this stuff out I said it before
and I'll say it again life moves pretty
fast it's not about personality
matrixels and charts it's all about the
b-bumps in your heart
I'm so excited I can sort of imagine
this now we could carp it down and all
the walls white to the plan is now to
put a wall up here a disregard this
whole back set and now I've got the
choice of whether to have the the false
wall this side of this thing here or
this side of it and I'm thinking if I go
the furthest side up so I have it so I
have it going up up there like that it
was a little bit more room and I also
think it'll look a lot cooler too I'm
honestly so stoked and I can't wait it
feels so surreal that this is actually
happening now as a 19 year old kid this
is my first bit of proper building work
that I'm getting done I know yet all
were doing is putting carpet in but
we're turning this thing this at it into
a functionable room and it's quite an
awesome achievement I'm gonna do
tomorrow is move some of the more
important items over here like the
monitors and the computers and stuff
down into there I just don't want things
like dust affecting them and this
evening I'm gonna have to go on a
massive eBay shopping spree for Ethernet
cables hdmi cables and all the wall
plates we're going to need to do this
thing Oh and obviously LED strips I'm
honestly so so keen for this recently
quite a lot but it's something I've
recently figured out something that I've
recently been really proud of and it's
the fact that I've always been trying to
set myself set myself a goal now there's
two different types of goals you've got
short term goals and long term goals
this has definitely been a long-term
goal things like getting the drone
license is a long-term goal they take
time short term goals are things you can
do in the meantime right in the meantime
whilst you're trying to do your
long-term goals and the reason why we do
short-term goals is to keep ourselves
stimulated and to keep ourselves happy
because we're always achieving these
short-term goals whilst at the same time
working on a long-term goal you guys
know the feeling when you get an a star
or a good mark
in an exam or when you achieve something
that you've set out to do and you've
done it right and it's you know it feels
good doesn't it what you call the
feel-good mechanism talking about
reality for the last year and a half
setting goals is what's got me out of
every morning so if that doesn't say
anything then what does guys I haven't
off driven home fast because I wanted to
get back to watch the second half of
Arsenal vs Lincoln it's now oh now to
nil
it's too little it's now 2 nil 2 nil to
Arsenal you guys you guys know Toby he's
at this game right now he managed to get
tickets I don't know how I wish I could
have got Lincoln is literally five
minutes up the road from where I live
it's just such a mad game considering
absolutely the Premier League and
Lincoln it only in the National League
it's just math Arsenal just scored again
it's now three now five now watch this
right watch this right cross into the
box
and he just walks it in verse five no
I've heard enough for watching that
sweet guys a bush back home I just had
some tea finished off watching the
football
does this not share the face of
determination to be every single gold
that I've already set myself because it
should do oh that was difficult three
point three miles an eight minute Oh 8
pace not too bad
hey if you guys go running let me know
how long you run for and what times you
do it in I'm really interested so you
guys sets up is looking absolutely sweet
I managed to keep it really really
really clean I've got the LG grandma
laptop all here early downloading Far
Cry 4 and it just to do some
benchmarking see if this thing can
actually do some gaming it is so goddamn
it--look two fingers right look how
light this thing is this mod isn't it
there's the air next to the gram oh my
god I'm taking the gram I'm taking the
grandma any day I've got a full day in
the office tomorrow we're starting the
live streaming room so I need to be up
I'm gonna be up about 8:30 tomorrow
morning so I need to get some sleep get
this vlog edited for you guys guys let
me know in the comment section down
below if you enjoyed the video and if
you didn't also let me know any creative
criticism means the world to me feel
like the video like rating will do just
fine if you didn't drop a dislike
anywhere guys - Ben Alex you guys been
awesome guys stay awesome keep smiling
this has been my Saturday I'll see you
in tomorrow's vlog adios
