come on in guys how we all doing my name
is of course Alex and welcome welcome to
my holiday I blurt how you doing asleep
in a fine bro you can just sleep there
bit camera shy today on you what all
places sleep in the bathroom anyway
right so evidently you guys already know
this right man to tell you I need to
make a phone call hey Rob its Alex Mars
bar the other time walking outside
office I need my hair doing today if
possible I really want to get my hair
cut
it's really annoying me it's too bad
it's too bad I'd like to upgrade one of
my clients internet connections to be T
infinity if you have a beautiful know
yeah I do yeah I've got all the account
number and everything in front of May
Baily's you get it yeah they make it set
VP well two phone calls done three guys
so Friday I'm hoping is that the
barbershop replies to me as they can fit
me in today like last me I hope grated
one of my clients from ADSL to BT
Infinity which just means are going to
get like four times faster broadband so
hopefully they're all happy I'm just
uploading it on the main channel as well
as of vlog like there's two videos going
live today to the by the time you guys
are watching this yesterday don't I have
a cool video plan for you guys today
ro close the door please
Rylan dude this is what I want to be is
my video today and you said you want to
hold in here
that's coming yes come look at the
camera Neil done with making out come
down here already
look at the camera they asked to record
their cameras to recognize your face so
so you have to look right there look in
mm-hmm keep looking don't don't blink
your eyes right so this is the plane you
know the drone that we've got right the
brand new drone ever since I got it it's
just been sat in the middle of my room
okay so what I'm wanting to do mate it's
lying it that's a good point my friend
but no what I want you to do when I'm
not flying it I don't want it start in
the middle of my room let's put it on
the wall this kid you know so this is
this is my video today I'm wanting to
plan and tidy out this room and do the
drone war but the thing is do you walk
at you walk in here mate and tell me
where this
space to do this let me put some more
lights on because you can't remember how
big it is say that's what I thought and
then we could put the controllers down
here so there's the drone and then one
controller to controller right okay so
can we do it suppose we can suzhou yeah
people cool okay all right you ready
mate yeah right this is brilliant
bringing my brother with me here I make
the cause I can talk to you guys and
people can think that I'm talking to my
brother but we're all going to be
chatting together so it's cool I'm not
really talking to talking to myself to a
camera even I'm talking to like
thousands of you guys know some nail
laughing like some nails right then
Jacob sure buy some of these two things
it means what we should get them and put
them on the top of the room Jacob do you
think we're in the right place yes yeah
we're the right place go away for
screwed oh my god my little squirrels an
amazing idea
amazing what if we get some some chains
and have it hanging from the roof but
buy all four corners a lot we could get
some of these chains here yeah not a big
massive one and then we needs a little
hook the hook agenda right we've got two
we've got four hooks without them look
ma day one
Jacob Matt we need to make you find a
man who's going to tell us how we can
cut this chain no but look I think some
big sis I think some big scissors like
this will cook there 3 2 1 - the chicken
brilliant thank you think hey where do
they make all right Jacob the harmony
how many pieces do it it's really pretty
- oh we need to bend these out so we can
make the Nspire hang off these metal
hook yet right it's what we need to do
is get this to go through there let's
start from this end right
three sir brother has up to go to bed
but with pretty much well done the first
step it's mounted up on the wall as you
walk in now I could put a chain that but
I feel like it looks better without it
was like this is free-floating that is
looking sweet even I could on point one
of these maybe this one oh yeah there we
go now it's all nice and lit up sweet
water made a bit of a mess of Toby's
chair enough to try and filled out
great guys just finished up up up just
finished put it Domino's with Toby we've
also been playing some League of Legends
on a little bit of a LAN setup spring
going pretty well so we're just going to
go to the spare room because it's kind
of like 2 a.m. right now and we're both
really tired but I haven't finished my
mission for today what I told you guys
at the start of the week I haven't had
any client work to do this week where I
said to keep myself busy obviously I'll
be doing emails as usual what we doing
to set myself a little mission just like
doing the drone wall and painting this
room but it's something to aim towards
and it's stimulating
and that's the goal with it and giving
it and giving yourself something to work
towards and something to achieve so I
bought these lights as well I'm not
going to ensure what I was going to do
we get some light on the job we've got
the two controllers there but I'm going
to sell this phantom or I had to give it
away this phantom 4 here across that
bridge when I come to it what we're
going to do with these though this
solar-powered oh my god well at least
they work I suppose for God's sake you
know what I've got the receipt I'll take
them back on such an idiot I keep all my
receipt in here so I'll flip them back
actually what I'll do is ask you guys
for some feedback what seems to do is
regards to lighting in here right
because I can turn the lights on I could
put a philips hue bulb in there and
those would be nice and ambient to try
and hang up some I know some fairy
lights or something just try something a
bit different because we're always doing
LED strips and always doing bits and
bobs like that I try to push the boat
down in exact I just looking absolutely
sweet in there so far just need to get
that computer bill and then we're well
on our way to making that room really
tidy and looking just as cool as this
and as I've always said lighting is
absolutely key anyway guys is like 2:30
a.m. I've got a bill puts 7:00 in the
morning
Saturday morning tomorrow if it was 7
a.m. to be at the coffee I've got to be
there to collect all the stuff for the
live streaming room the guy's going to
drop it off all the plasterboard and
everything any tips and see but you guys
want to give me about the drone wall in
there
we much appreciate together for now -
Ben Alec you guys been off the guys
sales and keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog ready
