Alexa play bounce back bounce back by
Big Sean from Spotify good morning guys
how are y'all doing my name is of course
Alex and welcome back to another daily
vlog talking to thank blogs I've got a
really really really busy day today
first off heading to the office
keval was meant to be here before I got
here doing work and it's not here but
I'll forgive him because the traffic is
really bad outside whilst he's not
hearing out I'm gonna write him a list
of wanting to do for me oh no I'm not
happy about this traffic Jay's not here
yet because he said the traffic is
really bad so I'm gonna use that as my
excuse to head off early to the train
station I've got an important meeting in
London today and I can't afford to miss
my train as I'm just leaving just
arrived put some notes in the desk ready
to do and he said that you travel is bad
isn't it
I need to go
sweet guys arrived into London I've got
lunch Kingston are taking me for lunch
today I've got the snapshot spatulas I'm
testing them out these thing is dead do
people even care about these things
anymore and then there's an octopus
party I think they seem
so this is my meeting point with
Kingston hopefully looking have some
nice food and discuss some nice deals
Hey
so I've just nipped into this little
like hotels was about everybody was just
working in here you can come and you
didn't have to buy a tree amazing look
at it there's a DJ and everything
meeting with Kingston went really well
just finished up in there now we're on
our way to this oculus event this is
gonna be well hopefully really good we
just have to get an uber cheers mate
thank you okay so have arrived we
thought we had arrived the uber driver
took us about a mile away from where it
actually is this is where it's being
hosted one five one zero one five five
in this building up here I can see an
ocular sign up there and there's a
doorman on the door so let's hope let's
hope I can get in
so I've made it to the event I'm on the
top floor right now is where they've
taught me to come the toy the action is
happening on the top floor the reason
why I've come in judgment Lee so there's
a white top ago
on a rock band we are yeah they've made
a rock band for the oculus VR let's do
this
all words
okay so sobriety loads of famous people
here as Nick Grimshaw is literally right
there but I don't know anybody else I
haven't managed to spot anybody else as
appalling as a footballers down
just like loads of people that
everybody's playing games that a chat
ain't very casual free drinks though
don't mind if I do
so it turns out the Arsenal or invite
those are all the footballers that here
also but it's mainly their reserved
rights upon a selfie with Nick Grimshaw
and Jonathan Ross I think it's time to
leave this event
Oh
that birthday how you doing
Betsy how you doin I'm home from London
it was really fun honestly I had a great
time what have you guys been doing yeah
what have you been doing bad yeah
night guys uh hey guys so I'm finally
home it's like 12:30 a.m. it's so easy
for me to get down to London from where
I live it's one train and I can
literally just work on the train so it's
so easy but it takes so long it's like
an hour and a half there and hour and a
half so guys I finally I finally did it
right in yesterday's video I included
some some drone footage right at the
star right now I'm not gonna 100%
confirm but I was the one flying the
drone because it wasn't me flying the
drone it was a it was a trained pilot I
think you can make a good guess as to
who was flying the drone obviously a
trained pilot but I want you guys to let
me know if you enjoyed it and if it's
some things that you know I mean look
I've been telling you guys that I've
been doing my drone exam for quite some
time now right and that is because
number one it's really difficult for
number two it hasn't been my main
priority the main reason I'm doing my
drone exam is for client work is so I
can fly my drone for like when I'm doing
client work and things like that
because that's the main area where you
need to have a drone license to charge
for that sort of work but YouTube videos
I mean yeah I'm bringing the drone
footage back to the vlogs anyway for now
I'm just gonna do it because Nick it was
I've spent so much I've spent so much
time advises my drone exam which is
great but there's still a long way to go
I'll get it done by I'll get it done by
summer but summers too long to wait to
bring it back to you I was using YouTube
and bringing the drone back to YouTube
as a massive motivator for me to get it
done so tomorrow I think I'm gonna work
on the drone wall get everything get
everything up and running in in this
room my lights aren't there we I'm not a
hundred and ten percent and 110 percent
sure where I'm gonna put this thing
because it doesn't really fit anywhere
obviously we want to build the charge
station and I need to mount both the
controllers the oculus event this
evening was absolutely amazing not
because of the event but because of the
people that when there was some like big
big big names
which was absolutely incredible the
thing is I have a headset myself at home
and I played on it and I know exactly
what it does and the event was for
people that didn't really know what so
in a nutshell I found the event a little
boring because I've already done already
got one but nevertheless oculus thanks
for the invite I'd love to come down to
another one if you're doing it
especially if you're releasing some new
title games that was the key of this
event anyway guys I'm gonna go ahead and
hit the hay it's very very early in the
morning right now and I am knackered I
think about that I did fall asleep on
the train on the way home which is never
good visit anyway guys money's been Alex
you guys have been awesome guys stay
awesome keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog I'll do the drone war
every sync adios
