hello guys welcome to the vlog it's
currently 8 p.m. I'm sat on my driveway
in my car so I can't say good morning I
recite the addresses for the two winners
of the Amazon Alexa and the Phantom
three last month's giveaway and right
now the Cutie team have just messaged me
and said this month's giveaway we want
to give away a hero 5 so I said let's do
it quickly guys if you want to enter my
giveaway link in the description to the
QT page this is what I want you guys to
do for me
this month's giveaway of Mars for my
Marci pounds and the Mars bar vlog
channels that's what you got to do right
on with the vlog
buzzers tempo day to day in the office
we've got like a few amendments to a few
older videos that we have recorded got
to get those live we're gonna get some
content out on tech flow I don't have a
mouse
I had an ROG one but it stopped working
so I've taken it away and I've just
forgotten to replace it
sweet awesome guys so Jed has just left
the office we've been working on
template videos all morning I've just
been to the shop and while Jed's gone
and bought bought one of these protein
shake things so just have one of these
startups ternoon now and I don't really
have time to have any lunch today
not recommended right I've been working
on something recently and I've been
keeping this to myself but I've been
working on time management but I've been
trying to get myself back on the grind
man I've just felt so out of it and it's
been really annoying me and it's all
down to time management and how I'm
managing my time and I'm not doing a
very good job at it so if you guys have
any tips you can give me for time
management then let me know in the
comment section down below and
appreciate little bit help guys see guys
there's gonna be a lot of questions in
the comment section right I took in
yesterday's video delivery of a load of
absolutely awesome stuff which is
currently sat right behind me now to
include what these things were in
yesterday's vlog as I was taking
delivery of them because yesterday I was
on a mission yesterday I was on a
mission to spray-paint the drone and we
did just that and it looked absolutely
awesome I'm super happy with it just
giving you guys in the loop by the way I
don't have any client work this week or
next week so I'm keeping myself busy by
doing these little projects like spray
painting they drew yesterday evening I
also completed two more chapters of
drone of drone revision so what got
delivered yesterday let me show you
oh by the way as men to be getting a
haircut Monday I told you guys my blog I
was getting a haircut and I didn't get
my haircut
my hairdresser canceled on me on Monday
we scheduled for tonight but I haven't
heard from him all day so I'm just a bit
unsure about what's going on just does
he not want to cut my hair is it - I
know it's bad isn't it you're goddamn
right so all of this stuff has arrived
here guys right to be honest I don't
really know what to say because I've
been waiting so long for this stuff to
arrive that it's just pulling me away
that it's actually here finally now this
is a massive and I mean absolutely
massive collaboration between MSI and
Corsair so I want to say thank you to
both companies representing this and I
also want to say a massive thank you to
Dave who's gonna be helping me build
this PC now when this PC gets built in
the not-too-distant future you guys are
gonna be seeing a time-lapse of me and
Dave building this thing reasonably Dave
to help me with this is because he's
doing custom sleeves cables for the bill
he's itching this logo this one this
thing not this easy one this really
complicated one into the crystal 570 x
case from Corsa
now this computer case has glass on
either side of it so who's gonna itch my
logo into the glass panels now these are
all the parts for the build I've got two
of these SSDs we're also gonna itch the
logo into these SSDs - and these can be
mounted on the front of the case we've
got RGB everything RGB fans we've got
RGB LEDs with controllers the
motherboard is has the headers for all
of these on so you connect the LEDs to
the motherboard of the computer and
control the LEDs from the OS inside the
computer and I also got a hat which I
should probably wear considering my hair
it's an absolute mess I just don't see
what's absolutely loads of stuff in this
here box absolutely loads of stuff and
it's gonna look absolutely amazing so
guys this is everything
that shot about a year and a half ago
when I built the office computers I've
laid everything out of my line here into
that bit like that they like told me to
camera like this you think it's really
funny this is all the parts here see if
you're any won't look at them and yeah
there we go
as I said I'm gonna do a video on the
main channel about everything and unbox
it all and set their owners chill out so
that is it let's get this thing down so
that you guys that is it there are all
the parts there I've laid them out so
you guys can have a look as I've said
we're gonna do this more on the main
channels it like a big video a box to
the mall and just have a sit down kill
video on the main channel looking all
all the new parts and then they'll be
like a four and build video of this of
this thing and like a finale type job
going on
awesome gang just got home yesterday's
video was just gone live it was done a
few snapchats thanking everybody for all
the awesome support that you guys leave
on the videos I really appreciate you
know all all the likes and dislikes and
all the critter you know the positive
positive and you know criticism that you
guys give me in the comments it just
generally means the world to me and it's
always stuff that I can improve on and I
really appreciate it so guys inspire is
all that I've even spray-painted a
battery look at this so I've actually
got a battery now that's black just did
this off-camera like 10 minutes ago
just looking sweet now I haven't seen my
mom in about a week and a half so I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go see her you like
the microphone top of the microphone
with her yeah so it stops the wind going
in it if you're outside that's what all
the fluffs for this as a message my
hairdresser and he's canceled on me
again nice to see ya
to see you nice I'll see you next week
yeah we can I'm the Vegas King I'll give
you some tips about Vegas you going to
Vegas in two weeks this is a second one
of these I've had some discs and it's
broken again look but put the connector
in the end it just it just rips out the
guts this is meant to be the
top-of-the-line SSD portable SSD this
has got my client work on it man this is
a second one of these I've had that
broken I sent it back to them they sent
me a new one and the same things
happened nothing I can do about it just
gotta wait about three weeks for them to
a try and recover the data it comes with
a sheet on it it's all glass like even
even the side roll the cables are with a
case where you can see absolutely
everything is gonna have to look
absolutely mad Oh
in a while guys this this is totally
awesome right guys I'm going to London
tomorrow got a few meetings over there
with the guys at Kingston and a few
other things I think there's also a VIP
oculis event that I'm off to as well I'm
not hundred percent sure I'll take it as
it comes guys but for now mine has been
Alex you guys have been awesome I need
to get some sleep I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog adios
