well I know all the correct was up
Jordan without the boss without their
well these are customized actually
they've got mine
they've got my name on them why Jordan
wait did you say Jordan see the Jordan
Jordan they're not mine no I mean
neither Jordans but they're not you're
not allowed to leave my shoes that Nina
my children your Jordans eyes is mine
and A's and town flashing with G got
back to the car parts of a lot of got
some fans now less than I would they put
it in the blog thing from games in
either games native games laden the
other day is moved to Lincoln yeah and
he washes opposed of a day six o'clock
and it's been trying to find is on
Tuesdays in town but he has a family
farmer car so you thank you that's right
the morning mando is completed morning
town session completing bin for a coffee
and we've been in shopping well had some
notes on the front of a car but now I
need to start what we set out to do
today a temperature yeah would you just
where you let's do it forgive me if I
can get your wilcos do okay we're not
gonna get the spray cinnamon heck is too
expensive
we're going to go to wilcos and do this
on a budget I should have said that I
should not have said that what is that
vinyl pain flexible vinyl claim right
well by that will buy the sandpaper from
here and into the office anyway we need
to meet someone to pick up some stuff
and then we'll go to will coach
the second deliberation some awesome
gear in the office which is what spray
paints and everything is that I feel I
can make this a reality take your car up
here take all the plastic of it and then
we'll just take it outside and spray
from that check it check it check it
check it check it check it check it
check it check it check it check it
check it check it check it brilliant
guys so we have sanded everything down
as you can see these parts of the drone
are usually very shiny and velocity
which is what we want the paint to stick
to want to speak to a nice a nice rough
finish that we have used 1000 grit
sandpaper to sand down all the parts of
drone it came apart very very very
easily so there's the nose of the drone
there's the top of the dome you've got
the first pillar there and Jordan is
currently sanding down the second pillar
and then these were actually glued on to
the side of the drone down here so when
I've using a lot touch-free glue those
back on wants to finish paint them and
everything it's been sanded down we can
see we can start to paint it and that is
what an inspired looks like without its
shell on how mad is that we're keeping
all the screws in this little plastic
container they're all color-coded
there's nobody to try and section them
all off with the real color-coded anyway
so we know where they come from a spray
plaited things before like a swegway and
my asteroid 14 and I've been like a
really bad quick job as a mom or like a
really professional job on their tents
while we're doing the damn paper and you
know keeping everything keeping
everything in
this isn't gonna work is it we open that
and the top of it was just snapped off
so I'm not happy with that will will
chose do okay we're not gonna get the
spray foam in heck is too expensive
we're going to go to wilcos and do this
on a budget you guys just finished
polishing the car while I wait for these
to dry spray paint that black spray
paint we bought earlier I pressed it
down and the top just snapped off so
kind of it annoyed about that Jordan
gone to work is going to come back after
work with some black spray paint in it
and shop and get some more but I'm doing
what I can do in the meantime making the
use of the time by spray painting that
arches gold which is which is easy and
then these bits are going to be black
with like golden splashes on them while
going to do is spray paint like a cup
full of golden spray paint and then you
like to flash it over it now it looks
like rock and splattered it should hope
it should hopefully look really really
good right put numerous coats on these
I'm going to leave it now I find it just
absolutely incredible that is what a
vital one looks like without any of its
key on without anything on it that is
what it looks like that's mad isn't it
got a little fun up there that is where
the GPS plugs in in the back what is
just incredible technology really it's
mad isn't it
okay
look if you write hi everyone Hey so the
pages well okay my sweet bro wicked help
work iron iron bro if you give a base
coat I've done these look these are
looking put loads of codes on these are
absolutely say company already somebody
is down there and then I'm gonna get
some paper
alright after numerous coats of
absolutely everything that we've got
here it's looking absolutely awesome
what everything is just like really
really really dark black like almost
sucked in black a little bit stuck
actually to the thing there we go these
are all the parts that we've got right
here and we've got these gold bit it's
going to look so good right let's go get
the drone and we're going to stick
everything back together and do it
properly what we're not going to want to
do is drip and they glue onto the
ping-pong table so tiniest tiniest bit
yeah yeah that that that that and it's
going to stick down right so gee if I
spray this in here they create a load of
gold paint yeah in there like that and
then you ready three two one
oh my god the beauty with it is if we
mess up we could just spray over it
another again oh my god
look at that in the light that's immense
size right yeah I promise imagine that
on there
Oh God look at that was a risky idea so
much sometimes we go to risky sometimes
because it will quote the plots that
were indicated it's time to build this
thing back together first of all we need
is a tool now we need to screw let the
pins of traffic up and now is the hard
one I wanna close games and people put
this thing back back together
sweet let's do it check it check it
check it check it check it check it
check it yeah yeah whoo the net we have
two semi 33 Wow
right me and you have just been out to
get some food we've got but right now
it's 1:00 a.m. we needed some food
because we were absolutely
well nakid in the brain and physically
because it has taken so much brain power
and so much physical power it was very
much time to do this but the finished
product is amazing isn't it literally
does a don't know if it shows on camera
that's the thing so Ian genuinely just
look so good on camera everything but
like this in real life looks amazing
like I can't live even portray how
awesome this thing look it does look at
just a nominal like it's so unique as
well because it just splatters on you
never ever going to get them in the same
way there aren't they arms and that's
what sets it apart that was the main
reason why I want to do the splatters on
it because no one else can do it the
exact same way this is that anyone else
can painted black if they want to but
they can't get the splattered looking
how mine look is just so random and so
like Naturals of doing it and how it
laid itself on the action room that
wasn't reasoning behind doing that
looking absolutely sweet right guys as I
said it's like 1:00 a.m. from oh take
this drone out tomorrow and unsecret
works and flies guys but for now - and
Alex you guys an awesome guy they also
keep smiling and if you enjoyed this
video a like rating would mean the world
to me G say bye to everyone bye drew
I'll see you guys in tomorrow's what
okay so I wanted them on a diet yeah
Oh
