guys I've just got in the car and Gamez
told me this is a favorite song she's
living it good morning guys how are
y'all doing my name is of course Alex
guys and welcome back to another daily
vlog today quickly before today's vlog
starts just wanna let you guys know
something this new camera my new
vlogging rig which have been
experimenting with for like the past
week now the sony a 65 hundred with the
10 to 18 melenz I've noticed the bitrate
has been a bit low on it while I've been
filming in 1080p so I'm trying to day's
vlog in in 4k that doesn't mean I'm
going to upload it in 4k I'm just
recording it in 4k so let me know if the
quality today is good so if you could
watch it in like 1080p or the highest
quality that I've uploaded it in and let
me not the quality's like that would
help me out right let's get on with
today so quickly we've got going drop
some parcels off at the post office and
then I'm gonna go see my grandma
kumar's garlic and sweet she's cleaned
it because I think she wants to go to
the range over gosh today and price it
up hello ago range over garage the Range
Rover grandma's Range Rover is home so
girls actually want to sell her car
today and buy a new one pretty much so
that is what we're doing we're gonna
price it open cm which is gonna cost and
look at some awesome cars is the plan
sound pretty good sweet notes seem very
ready you don't want to sell your car I
have a feeling this is gonna be a
massive case of me walking around saying
I want that one I want that one I want
that one on that one right so because my
grandma's an absolute baller right now
she's going for this so what you want
into this one ready all right okay this
is the Range Rover autobiography the
only reason she all sorts of ography so
she can get the cream interior because
they don't do the cream interior on the
normal evoke so you have to get what's
called the autobiography now I don't
know much about this car about the
orthographies all I know is it they've
got like a load of upgrades on them they
have like these fins here chrome on the
door handles which looks really nice and
then they have these chrome accents here
which are a bit pointless because they
just fake but it's a very nice machine
what you're thinking grandma you don't
like it here you like the one you've got
now at the moment you don't want to get
rid of it but you have to get rid of it
there's one right at the front of the
shop but I want to look acts it looks
absolutely mad but it's like a hundred
thousand pounds
oh now that one is nice look at that
with the black rim to that that is all
black everything that that's nice I like
it what about this one gamma and then
what about this one
its massive look at it if I was gonna
get a Range Rover if I could afford one
I'd get this one look at the seats on
the inside it's got blacked-out windows
if you guys can even see but look at
them racing seats and they want they
want 98,000 power this one's nice isn't
it this is the best one here this cuz
it's yours
got a nice discovery there and white
what are you thinking then gamma I like
this one you like this one the best but
look at this one though I with that with
the blue brakes and death oh it's the
racing seats that are just so nice what
is this special vehicle Operations SVR
just look at what what is this special
vehicle Operations SVR just look at that
bad boy
I wish I could afford one of these Range
Rovers but I've just bought a car myself
so I got a Ford one I need to absolutely
rinse my mini for the next two years two
or three years and then go and buy one
of these this is amazing hopefully
hopefully I can save up all my monies
and buy one of these things at my age
though it's like getting insured on it
it's the hard thing like the insurance
cost as much as the car annoying
do not let your not like that one we
said notice that not your favorite song
yeah I think I'm on thank you for a
lovely day out I appreciate it I
appreciate it greatly thanking for every
day out I just caught a minute time to
say hi to the bro bro high-five you
doubt my shirt on you know sure what you
doing oh god wait in my video without a
shirt on me
are you okay mate yeah alright I'm in a
rush I'm gonna get my hair cut I got
less in the build for the office a
little bit yeah literally just nicked
home to see the brother and get some
food now I'm back on the way to the
office to meet the Builder again it's
good because he's eager he's wise to get
this done answer mine so wait this is so
cool but I'm gonna go meet the Builder
think I'm a haircut apologize for
talking money fast I'm in a rush I'll
meet you guys at the office ready the
thing is with it obviously the room is
for my live streaming of my watch live
streaming I've been telling my audience
which I got Ross really that's fun no no
it's not that unnie it finished is that
they want to know this bitch started so
guys plans can change things can change
all of a sudden sometimes for bad and
sometimes for good because remember the
change is always going to happen
sometimes whether you want it and
sometimes whether your deck so a few
things have changed just been with a
builder up in the room at that I want to
take you through that let's do this live
guys we've only cuts in it's just
straight through all right so I'll climb
up here and then first I'm going to do
is turn its turn the lights so the first
things that's changed is that we're
gonna have to get an electrician in
because I wanted to get some spotlights
up here in the top of the roof when
that's done and I gonna want to get the
electric yeah the electric the
electrician to come round almost put
some plug sockets in for the all the
computer gear that we're having up here
and the TV now this is the big change
okay this is the big change I'm going to
go for I think a corner sofa that's
gonna go there due to you guys request
and then what we're gonna do right this
is where things are gonna change a
little bit so we've got this bit here so
what I was going to do was have it all
boarded out right and have like a TV
stand here with the sofa here but
instead what we're gonna do is we're
going to put a wall here we're going to
put a wall here with just down there a
little hidden door right that we can
open
I'm doing this virtually for you guys
open the door up and then go into it and
then this back here is just going to be
all for like storage so like storing all
of the tech items that we get sin and
all of this stuff there's going to be a
wall here which I'm then going to mount
the TV art so the TV is going to be
wall-mounted over there alcove there I'm
going to put a little wireless access
point up in the roof so when we get the
guests down we've got a guest Wi-Fi so
they can join it tweet out about the
streams yadda yadda yadda from then on
out the thing is just gonna be Plus
devoted quite a small room so for
painting white things are looking bigger
I've gotta buy a little LED strips over
about a load of Ethernet cables gotta
buy a load of extension cables that is
that and we're starting this Thursday
today today's Monday so it's safe to say
guys that it's going really well
Wow yeah I think we'll do these we'll do
these tomorrow oh my god oh my god oh my
god what the hell oh my god
obviously a badger oh I've just hit a
badger
it was absolutely massive it just ran
out into the literally like literally
like my houses just round the corner oh
my god oh I hate killing things it like
flew off into the bush oh my god and
it's probably just messed up the front
of our car as well I don't want to look
I don't want to look I slam the brakes I
slammed my brakes on proper not that out
there
oh my day I feel so bad could do another
room another giveaway be good I think I
think people people like the giveaway is
done brilliant mate okay I'll speak to
so you may get some rest at all that
speak tomorrow so much cheers made by
bye that was one of the chief exec guys
over at QT we're doing some massive
pushing this week to try and get some
well I currently say too much really
want to get an app look we're wanted to
get an app launched do loads of
different stuff with it and are you guys
going to kill me but we're wanting to
get Alexa working with QT so you can ask
Alexa what the Q score is on like for us
let's say Donald Trump or whatever so
it's all in the pipeline it's all hard
work but that's absolutely fine it's
good that it's awkward because then you
know that you know good things don't
come easy you have to work hard for good
things that is just how the world works
nothing really good comes really easy
and that's just a shame it's obviously
good if it did but it just doesn't and
that's reality so for now guys - when
Alex you guys been awesome guys stay
awesome keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog I've been in the gym by
the way adios
Oh
