what did you just call me leave my cat
alone well at least the weather is
looking all nice and motivation of this
Sunday good afternoon guys how we all
doing my name is of course Alex and
welcome back to another daily vlog guys
it is Sunday today sunday is always the
time for the Mars bar Sunday chill vlog
we're just going to be chillin today
actually no I do I don't think we are
gonna be chilling today that's the mad
that's the mud thing about it usually in
my videos we're always up to something
whereas do some DIY projects are out
doing something right Top Gear racing
cars with flight sunday is the day where
we take a step back we reflect on the
week and we chillax
right so got a few dates for you guys to
put in your calendars right okay
first due to popular request I'm getting
a haircut thanks guys but one big day
one big date you guys need to remember
is is today because today the builders
coming round we're starting at the live
streaming rig so guys I'm UPSI pumped
without further ado let's get
right so guys I'm just managed to get
myself parked up I can see that the
Builder is already here around the
corner so I'm going to try a video what
I'm saying to the build am so you guys
can get a little bit of a grip as to
what I'm going for with this or what
we're going for with this because what
I'm doing is I'm telling him all the
things that you guys have told me that
we want to do on the Qt page right let's
go
I'm so psyched well I read I read on
this office space here so everything in
here is mine and then here is where I'm
wanting the work done and that is where
I want a little bit of work done
somewhat of an alcove game back there
like a little bit of a square box going
back in there cause I brought I've put
all these lights in at the moment what I
was going to do was just that just needs
to be a box evenings I mean I'm working
full-time at the minute and then find a
problem I could move on but I have got
some long-term contracts these cables
come a thigh they're just gonna put it
over the top as I say I'm fairly
available mate say wow yeah literally
thank you and good night no he's come
here he's come here he's priced up he's
told me how much he thinks it's gonna
cost witches was quite quite surprising
in the bad way not the good way I was
talking about putting your skirting
boards on doing this doing that baby was
right no we can't do that we need to
plaster board it then plaster it was all
nice and smooth and it looks really good
price it all up and
get back to me but you gave me like a
receptive estimate of the price and
stuff what the hell no way no way okay
wait a minute
more on the room in a second a fan made
me this and it's powered by this little
battery pack and I think the guy that
made me it the fan that's made me this
little thing has sent me a thing where I
can connect you up to the mains wait a
minute no way that's wicked
look at this look now we've got the head
there with a good changing light behind
it and then that that's wicked that is
so cool
right so we can see guys about what
we're doing up there so this is it up
here it's because like he has to put a
bit of plaster up here then stop here
then cut the plaster for here stop there
and then a plaster for down there stop
there plaster for here post AFER's there
and it's just all such like a jagged
shape well and then apparently you can't
just plaster board except Aaron II won't
look very good suddenly has to plaster
it as well to make it all like really
smooth which will look really good I
need to put some skirting board down
there
rubble going a little bit over the top
but hopefully hopefully it'll look good
I'm gonna need it I'm gonna need it for
something I'm doing a little bit later
tonight
I'm also gonna redo this I want to get
rid of these horrible chains here and
get like some scaffolding posts to go
zing-zing and then into the wall because
uh I've really just messed up here and
I'm not a hundred percent happy with it
so that was kind of what I need to do
with it because it's just not very nice
isn't it really so a little some little
projects my little office with the new
room that we're building it's coming
along and a little bit those guys
altogether we've always got a project to
work on we've always got a goal and that
should be the key all the time you
should always have a goal that you
working towards I've got this camera
because I'm going to go in film going to
go film a video tonight right so I've
arrived back home got the a 7s not going
to tell you guys just yet why I've
brought this camera home with me and
something else but I'll get to that when
Toby arrives you ready ready ready
no mate I don't want to go I'm scared
right squad it's roll out your lane yeah
we're in right let's go they go yeah
that's the back see it looking good
there we go hi guys right we'll follow
you yeah
guys chucking it outside this place was
so easy to get into
Alicia's walls from the doors wide open
like I said this is mad there we go
look everything is smashed
this is absolutely this is absolutely
perfect
well guys redefined the stairs cuz I
need to I need to do what I came here to
do hey guys welcome to the ultimate
abundant setup part 1
my name is I'll make some today
let's do it this head upstairs
okay this glass is like a puffer balcony
out that looks out onto the this is so
cool
alright guys the main reason why it's a
gun here to this abandoned building was
to mix it up a little bit and open and
open some pure box stuff so I bought
some stuff in this bag
we selected like three or four messages
because I sent and I thought what we do
let's go ahead and open them in here
okay this is a message from a guy called
Rob and he's put my work hard anyway
logo at the bottom and he's written me a
really really really really long message
that says every day when I come home
from school I run up to my room at 6:00
p.m. and wait for the new boss to the
right your vlogs to help me get through
the tough times and other problems I
faced broke I don't know why I hope we
do that by I appreciate that I do and
I'll try and do I'll try and keep doing
videos as long as I can to to help you
have my friends but if you ever want to
tip you up on Twitter or something or on
Instagram just all my social medias in
the comments sorry not my comments put
me in the comments if you want in the
description then I'll try and chat to
you guys as much as I can
yeah there we go after the message
bronies also place phone number that's
mad that's crazy
it's good as well there's also given me
a keyring that says friends forever I
know he is here I probably always that
you remain as humble as you are right
now keep everybody inspired and
everything you do is the most important
as God may bless you more with your
family because you deserve it
remember that you are great remember
that you are a great man and just ignore
that is if you have one let's just pray
for them always wear always wear your
smiles Alex and always carry on
supporting and giving videos to your
fans the way they support you I hope to
meet you one day I'm going to pronounce
the name as Yana so thank you very much
for that I really appreciate it it spell
inma
so thank you very much for the awesome
drawing and the really cool message
thank you ever so much should I
apologize about if I said your name
wrong and I wish I could make you
hopeful in the future by the way talking
about that I'm going somewhere in the
city and I 60 so if you guys with me
those hopefully I can be there big
sister degrees are there this is called
a little picture of me look it up I
think it's a warden what was she sick
Alex my name is Alex and I'm so glad
that you know that you have made a peer
box I wouldn't be able to send these
items inside these packages in this pile
so there are a few things that I thought
you would like but I made with wood dude
these are sick I wish I could make
things with wood I also have an
Instagram account my name is Alex
underscore PA n e j ro underscore 13
very good nice that was opening a peer
box in an abandoned building okay may 11
the games for your chairs
