good morning guys how are y'all doing my
name is of course Alex guys welcome back
to another daily vlog hope you guys all
over I've just starting the fraud in my
bathroom this morning because I've just
just done my hair I mean a massive words
we're not in a massive rush like we're
not doing anything important it's
Saturday today I'm going down to watch
watch Stoke play Middlesbrough now
Middlesbrough's the football team I
support and we're playing Stoke today at
the Stoke Grounds called about an hour
away from where I live so we're gonna
drive there
come on out you guys today with a
bazinga
Ethan Payne type vlog thing I'm on my
phone because it's a I'm not bringing my
camera so I confiscating it but yeah
let's go we're gonna lose this
absolutely terrible they form no
structure and unfortunately it's down to
down to lack of positive management
absolutely awful to know insanity
insanity is doing the same thing over
expecting things to change and that's
exactly what they're doing sweep back
here but I don't really want to be here
I've got things I need to do oh my god
this click there's absolutely everything
for me wait a minute it's honestly magic
that's month how does it do that
wait I wonder if I click at all end up
in Spain or somewhere hot like a hot
country I'm not gonna try that I'll try
that in tomorrow's video imagine okay
actually did that one day my girl's
gonna hold it in I was like wait guys I
want to go somewhere news did that and I
was just on a beach somewhere anyway
guys I'm happy to be back in the office
well I might happy to be back in the
office is it is the real question Alex
are you happy to be back with all of
this mess you need to sort out
are you happy Alex yeah I'm very very
happy you know what I wish I could just
do that everything
never displayed but it looks like we've
got some work to do and I've also and
I've also got some information for you
guys I'm currently waiting on a phone
call which I'm going to try and take in
in this vlog right montage in three two
one
Oh guys my phone my phone is that phone
call no mate yo you make is if it's like
an attic space but it's not because it's
obviously had plasterboard walls in here
before I mean any day may if I want this
doing as soon as possible really so as
soon as your for as soon as what it
means
tomorrow even now I'm about tomorrow set
the seven o'clock would be perfect mate
yeah brilliant mate good stuff matter
I'll see you tomorrow and 7:00
cheers mate bye-bye Wow my utmost
apologies guys you're up with Alex
number one what's the phone call about
number two why he's so excited not beat
all of a sudden and let me tell you why
that was a really good phone call and
waiting for the phone call but about two
months really and as soon as to tell you
what the phone call was which I will in
a second you'll know why I've been
waiting for it the last two months okay
that was the Builder that's gonna be
doing all this room for us guys that was
the Builder where he's going tomorrow
I've been waiting so long for this guy's
when we've so long for this I've been
telling you guys about it okay sorry let
me calm down I may see my like I'm over
exaggerating but I've been waiting for
this phone call for so long but so long
okay so that on the phone there was the
Builder who have been assigned by
someone to come and we'll see a sign
that referred by someone to come and
plasterboard this room to come and help
with the electrical sockets in this room
to come and put the carpet down in this
room to come and do all the joinery work
for this room in this room for the live
streaming room for it to make this thing
a reality to make this what we want it
to be the live streaming room okay I was
a fight going on outside wait a minute
there's a fight going on so guys that
was the phone call but I've been waiting
for for so long to get all of this room
sorted out
and it's not even that big of a job
either it's just like not a big job to
do it and it's finally getting done hey
guys look at this as an obvious
collective together we look graded from
a Dyson to a hectic
we go there we go all finished all tied
a new unit here all in store won't let
me back on some lines this is what it
looks like without the lights on we just
thought the LEDs on it look so colorful
so beautiful never do the softbox is
there we go so this is the brand new
unit on top we've got the Corsair lapdog
keyboard manager so this is the one
single cable I can pull this out and sit
here if I want to pull up put it pull up
a GTO make a chair sit here play some
games on the TV I'm good on 55 inch TV
there so in this new cabinet the old one
I've moved up there more on that in a
second this is the new cabinet here so
we've got the gaming PC here the really
thin gaming PC which is running
obviously this at the moment and as you
can see everything everything working
absolutely fine if I I can't play there
so what's making that awesome sound is a
sound bar that's behind the TV and then
the wireless subwoofer that's over here
I've got some of these things from I
care about these line about for ages not
really sure what they are but the glass
school with your fan sent in and I've
got the colorful light which is unsure
taken have you change the color of this
and this you can change the color of the
LEDs in here which is absolutely wicked
we've got the Xbox one waiting on the
PlayStation 4 just got all the games and
peripherals down there this is the
little cable management bit with the
Rooter underneath mounted there with all
the cables color-coded there which is
brilliant so that is the new
entertainment stand got the doors there
need to buy some hinges but I think it
looks cool work without the doors on I'm
not sure office office they're all clean
and even up here we've got the great
news about about the room this is so
cool it's actually happening so here's
all the tech flow set here we've got the
cabinet the old cabinet then the table
for tech flow and then other lights to
take flow and stuff and then over here
this is what's going to be transforming
the Builder is coming over tomorrow so
these guys I've had builders here before
looking at this and I have kept it kind
of low-key because I knew it kind of
wasn't going to progress with the people
that I've been using
I've been preferred referred this new
guy and the parent he's gonna just come
in and do the job without complaining
it's like the people before so they
weren't happy to work in the space up
there and it's just been like a massive
drag but this guy I'm certain the
pictures and he says he's gonna come and
have a look tomorrow and he says he's
gonna do it so I'll vlog all about
tomorrow office you're all clean you
look
sweet and Olivia especially with just
the LEDs on whoo right TV off LEDs off
by by up this yeah cause you're gonna
fail yeah
just got back in time to watch the
boxing this evening the women's boxing
if you guys didn't watch it I'm not
gonna spoil who won the fight if you're
planning on watching it recorded it or
ever me is coming over tonight I need to
well it's hard you really need to move
this so what I'm gonna do is just leave
it as it is leave it down here for now
and then and then probably on Monday
we'll start working on the drone war
anyway guys I'm gonna outro this thing -
but Alex you guys have been awesome guys
stay awesome keep smiling I'll catch you
in tomorrow's vlog we've done an awesome
job today we've had some awesome news
today IDs
Oh
