don't look at that
these are radios right and there's
another one at the other end of where
that's pointing and this the other one
is on my house and these radios are
about 1,500 pounds each and these radios
can transmit between them 1.4 gigabytes
like that so my plan guys at this house
that I'm at right now is to provide
these guys with free internet with them
letting me use their house as a base
station so I can put then another
antenna on this house and then I'm not
sure if you guys can see this but just
over there there is another village as
to which I can sell my broadband to as
you can see where this radio is pointing
over there somewhere about three miles
away is my house this house right now is
actually my girlfriend's so that's why I
have the okay to be doing all of this
sweet guys how y'all doing my name is of
course Alex and we need to tone it down
just a little bit today just just tone
it down please let me know in the
comments section guys if this is
something that genuinely interests you
because this is what I do for my line of
work and how I money etc obviously
YouTube inand this Wireless business
that I run sending internet to people
wirelessly anyway so guys I've been
promising my little brother Jake up for
a while now that we would go to the
office for one reason and one reason
only and let's see how sharp this boy is
what's that reason Jacob minecraft to do
what with minecraft do our series now
what we're doing though alive boom so
we're gonna be going to the office in
doing part two of our stream are you
ready bro
adventures in Minecraft
so we're in the office
finally with Jacob with Xbox controllers
in front of us first off before we get
to streaming and it's a setup Jacob the
streaming pc that is the computer that I
built over Christmas yeah we have live
stream bro but not off not off this
brand-new computer I used to bring my
office computer up which I actually use
for work down there but we built this
computer specifically for live streaming
so Jacob this is actually the first test
to see if this is going to work yeah so
this is like the proper go Jacob the
proper first live stream with all of the
gear now I just need to set it all up
right there bro are you ready start
streaming going up we say something to
the microphone this test is working
hello I'm Brad we're live streaming dude
and look at the chat already broken up
it's wrong
it's so cool isn't it he's so so so so
cool yeah so what me and Jake will be
doing guys is unfortunately we left the
Minecraft just got home we didn't think
we're gonna need it
so look at him look at the chatty finds
it so amazing so what we're doing Jacob
aren't wait is we just gonna sit here
and chat to people yeah okay so Jacob
and I are now waiting to actually click
the button so our faces come on the
stream is just chat to you guys for
probably about half an hour
this is broke
the judgment while still getting down
tell everybody what we're going to be
streaming next so then bro we're gonna
be building a computer on stream aren't
we
another Tuesday or Wednesday this week
at 6:30 till 8:30 p.m.
so they need to be there don't they
should be there or be we're looking
forward to the most just seeing how it
goes just in how you put the computer
together : bro let's go see what
something yeah no there's those our fans
outside the office there are always
there always is sweet thing guys all
back at home I think Jacob really really
really you know what I love talking to
people but when I'm trying to do these
videos and people keep texting me it's
really really really annoying anyway
guys let me show you let me show you a
magic trick nothing's changed Oh other
than the fact that I'm sound about 1,100
pounds worth computer monitor this is
the LG 21 by 9 ultra wide you know what
it's not even a big deal because I've
sort of got three of them sat right here
so if you could either think of yourself
Alex there's no way that you need
another one of these screams like where
the hell are you gonna put it you've
already got three you're gonna put it up
there in the middle we're gonna go here
and no not at all this screen this
screen needs to go to the office guys
and well ah here it is
see you really so Alex what's the more
than 240 using at the editing desk or
why would you do that when you've got
awesome monitor there and yeah be right
in saying that this monitor is awesome
this is a ultrawide monitor they can go
to 144 her to an overclocked it's so
liquid smooth surely if you'd be
replacing the monitors on your desk
right here you'd be wanting to of them
and
there's only one there and that's
because this monitor isn't staying here
very long at all it's actually not even
not even gonna be used in this office
this monitor guys is for my client who
I'm building this computer with Giessen
if you didn't know please put it in your
Diaries and obviously guys because this
is a client build for an actual real
world client of mine I've actually got
some dummy parts here so this is an old
processor as to which I'm gonna have
Jacob installed in the computer just so
he doesn't break the actual pieces of
hardware as to which the client has paid
for for example as you can see this is
the clients SSD however in there I'm
gonna take that out and I'm gonna have
Jacob install you guys get the point I
just don't want Jacob breaking any of
the equipment as to which suits the
clients he can use some of my old
equipment and if he breaks that that's
not gonna hurt too much as me able to go
out to the client and say hey yeah my
brother's broken breathing guys just a
round off today's chill son Dave vlog I
want to talk to you guys about flagships
yes these are in the 1000 dollar or
pound market for these devices right but
is there even any need now for this this
phone the hawk from AE is $14.99 a month
and it really gets me thinking like is
there really really really need for a
thousand dollar smartphone do you guys
get the point I mean I've done a video
on this in the past or drop that in the
description too but it's got a
fingerprint reader Gorilla Glass cat 6
on the 4G so you've got what superfast
4G speeds on this thick the camera front
and back is pretty cool it runs Android
new girl likes USB see like it's 40 40
99 a month but it really really really
gets me worried about these
thousand-dollar phones when everybody in
the future is gonna be buying phones
this cheap when they're this good it
literally leaves no
in the market for things like these
thousand-dollar flagships go I'm gonna
go ahead and do it drop the link to the
hawk from AE down in the description you
guys can go check out the specs
it's got expandable storage it's flash
on it I don't want you guys to let me
know in the comment section down below
if you're worried about the future of
these flagships now companies like EA
are bringing out phones like the hawk
for $14.99 a month with such amazing
spec like this it's amazing if you have
guys the light rating would be
absolutely wicked and if you do want to
support me even further go ahead and buy
some merch for now - Ben I like you guys
have been awesome I hope you've enjoyed
a little tone down vlog we're back at it
again tomorrow though it's Monday let's
do this so guys speaking of which I'll
see you guys then adios
