Oh
okay Walkman yeah
how can you hear why not it's very
loudly but it tastes horrible good
morning guys how we are doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another days live we've got
really early this morning well say about
forty ten o'clock okay oh this rule is
considering considering went to bed at
like half a story though yeah exactly so
yeah it's very good under the office we
need to build this time to do it today a
load of cobblers to arrive which one of
them that one a kindly one really
embarked we're going to record at
excellent video but we can't because
Jess got a jet I'll see ya let me clever
in that little myself guys a quick toss
me need that early morning pixel right
how you guys doing IKEA with purely
awesome yesterday guys going with Janet
which is like a good lab having to IQ in
ages and even if you're not going to I
care you know to buy anything just to go
and look around leashes rip end it
really fun but obviously we watched it
the reason I went to Ikea right was
because of there's only glass or a while
that I've wanted to replace this little
cabinet here just because it's not very
big and the amount of stuff we have in
it and yes judge still has my
playstation 4 I need to get that back on
for me so sneaky but yet so there's
nothing horrible mess of cables down the
back so I bought this one it looks
really cool put that together obviously
you guys have seen I've built this new
table here or did that yesterday evening
and actually doesn't really exciting
news guys I've got a builder hopefully
fingers crossed
a builder coming around this weekend so
I can start chatting to him about this
room and getting some plans down and get
some dates booked in them to come around
and start doing it to start like making
this thing a reality
we've got do a few things before then
I've got a bit an Ethernet cable from
Ethernet down here I've got a run it
down here
and then into this room so that's going
to be a job I need to do right guys what
powerful should we open today that one
yeah please calm how would by turning
driving you good man
think about this sure but then what that
post it anyway we're going to find out
in the good old land boxing and the good
old malls are boxing style whoa whoa
guys check this out what looks a lot the
LG ground war I think I heard about it
existence is missus pretty laptop this
like ever been made or something
ridiculous
it can't be the map book surely until
core i7 at 2.7 gigahertz 15-inch laptop
at 1080p HD graphics 6 2016 gig of ram
512 gigabyte SSD dual band Wi-Fi that's
Kappa by Oakland guide it is it Wow one
chaos when it is so guys I've got a
little bit of research online and it
turns out that this laptop actually has
the guinness world record
so the thinnest and lightest I think 14
inch category laptop darling a little
bit of League of Legends and I suppose
you didn't realize that it's also
touchscreen as well so that's that hi
guys LG Graham all unbox Friday
afternoon now in the office I'm going to
see if I can put together this IKEA
furniture please wish me look
oh I've really messed up hey guys I've
really messed up I've been looking
around the room for about five minutes
and I think I assumed if you bought the
door it would come with the hinges but
it doesn't and I've got no physical way
of attaching the door to the front of
the unit and oh no no it was going so
well okay not to worry I can still I can
still put all the stuff inside the new
unit and I can buy the hinges and put
the doors on it a later date yes okay
I'll do that
okay not to worry it's cool
which is guys I'm actually really happy
with this again massive spontaneity here
like I haven't planned any of this but
things seem to be things into the
planning out spontaneous I like what I'm
talking about the spontaneous as well as
these lights in the last lesson from
what I thought I could do was actually
get some super glue and stick them up
there so I have done routing the cables
and the back of the unit
I've super glued the controlling unit
into the middle of the unit and then
I've got two more at the back that are
going to shine onto this wall and then
guys check this out there's actually a
little control tub that I've routed
through here where you can actually
change the color of these lights
I put the coarser lap dog on top which
is connected to the little gaming PC
we've got in there I've mounted the
roots are upside down the wrong way
round is so that well I'm not bothered
about seeing the LEDs flashing I'm more
bothered about getting to the ports on
the back of the router album when I need
to so that's why then it's the wrong way
around if I ever need to get to any of
the port they're all there and I can
just plug in plug out jobs the good and
put some square holes in the back of the
unit to route all the cables through and
obviously the devices in the units will
will will hide the holes nicely like
that the editing desk is just totally
unusable I've been doing this for the
last two and a half hours I'm going to
give it a break now knock it I think I
can revisit this tomorrow
ever what's it a a cheetah made cm ready
for me now as put the church button on
that way did use YouTube yeah when you
probably charge all my logo and it's got
Mars bar and all the thumbnails with of
my smiley faces on or different
youtubers they all do videos on their
lives mate that's a sick effort of my
logo
bloodlessly Mars bar has 3000
subscribers now I didn't mean of what
you can't keep it yes thank you thank
you jamie bye
we're creating to have a milkshake with
Jordan and just generally have a catch
up with him what usually I see doesn't
every Tuesday because there's only like
full day where we doesn't have work or
college or anything but we do spend the
day together we always go to Nando's
because it's just become some sort of a
meme type forward slash joke thing now
we always go to Nando's masking for
taking on it and then we always get back
and we're always working on some project
like modifying the cars or something
because Jordan absolutely loves this car
so it's safe to say that we're always
busy so it was great just to sit down
and have a solid little kit with him and
just just sit there and chat and not
have to do anything
I need to exercise today tomorrow and
some day to get my perfect week so good
time we guys landed back in my bedroom
advert just come to the realization I've
got a shower after the gym and like
looked at myself in the mirror for a sec
it's got like two massive cuts on my
chin so you can going best to try best
to ignore these by the way just
addressing a few comments in the comment
section that I've seen recently just
trying to improve on feedback in the
stuff you guys you guys enjoying the
more like energetic version of me or
just like a more casual version of me
because I've been little bit of a change
recently like thinking to myself like
when I when I'm there chatting and stuff
it can get like a just a bit like tiring
but I just enjoy talking so much so then
I thought right I'm gonna try and be
like a just try and be like show me love
it I have an enjoyable side of memes
that have me just sat there chatting all
the time because like I do have a you
know side of me where I can sit here and
chat and then I do have a right so hey
guys what's going on my name is
obviously today I'm coming at you with
another vlog and I've got those two
things and I'm just like I can either
just chill I could be like whoa well can
do pokes and then you guys let me know
what you prefer or you only to mix and
match it some days looking chill out or
some days are gonna be really energetic
or some days looking just fine
keep it medium right I need to get
around to Maria's house because well
she's a photography student but she
doesn't have an SD card or a battery for
her camera and she wants to take some
photos or something so she wants to
borrow go round and give her my camera
said you can take some photos of some
