good morning guys step1
presentation I've got a few ground rules
that I always set myself when I'm doing
work for external clients and above
everything else on top of that list is
presentation this falls under the way
you present yourself by the way you
dress the way you present yourself by
the way you speak and we present
yourself by the things you say do this
new categories are very vague however
what you can do is speak with confidence
even if even if you're not confident
isn't it to be honest quickly to get
some bit I'm doing some headshots this
morning and I'm going to take you guys
through what's going on this is it
simply my mornings job is to come here
sell the camera take some headshots are
probably about 30 different people for
this business I'm ready when you are
really I could do it a test subject so
it is requested it a test subject so I
can go and make sure everything is
looking good and then we'll do the
photos for real seems to be going okay
and then what is a bit like working for
the table wrap it and that'll be
straight for life so you pretty much
finished all of the suppose those forces
they've got one more person to do but
they're not in the office it's going to
be the office this afternoon so I'll
come and do them then but look who's
arrived oh yeah okay when I des let
ready ready 3 2 1
but let me go for a quick coffee discuss
some business things like tax wise with
this guy and then do something yeah
who friends yes just gone live and as a
friend of tonight yeah that's because
someone's putting a connotation I should
say friends instead of guys don't me try
and say that and then maybe if I think
about it I'll stop saying guys friends
how you doing this camera turns on wait
let me try and show you something is
take a look at all these birthdays
things all the shots that I've taken
today for well everybody but just
quickly visually then you'll have all
bad shots as well took so many photos
today but so many there's literally so
many photos of their job so it's been a
full day of taking photos join me
halfway through we then came up here and
made a lot of text flow videos after our
meeting discussing what's up live it is
we're gonna make now a bombtastic to
open but she would do some banter near
for my Lincoln I hear ya
yeah later
or maybe every five made in boom will
work in there who's it honking Sparky
watching kind of sparkles oh I love
captain sparkles I used to always watch
captain sparkles what a nice play game I
look like a chocolate such a good lad
and then Burt
Jacob mate I'm off to Ikea if I see
anything we can get for your setup
Showtime buy it okay but what but what
if I see some cool light sugar get some
cool light
yeah yeah okay right I'll try and get us
some blinds in shooter right okay
here we go we've arrived into IKEA
versatile businesses trend look for a
sofa for the ueg note you LG ultimate
live streaming room that's thick ulr and
looking off the first thing you come to
an Ikea is a load of soaks let's look at
all these guys the one thing we really
do have to be wary of is the door size
into the room because go a bit difficult
it is sofa into that but why do
something like this look something
simple 125 pounds I quite like this one
this one's nice pretty much in tear
apart it's going to be social change
having like a kill room in the blog in
the blog in the office definitely need
one of these as well and it guys
remember remember Hector
it is massive
this was definitely six it's just been
is going to fit through the door that's
the only downside to it have to be spin
so it's kind of even spit in the room
okay I'm not going up announcer that but
I thought this one Paul I'm doing this
then I can go home well the options with
you guys see what you guys have been
down in the comments what watch it we
should get case here we go this one I do
study office I think it's a right length
once running
I'm just running I'll take it bargain
corner let's see in here
this is the sale corner of Ikea this is
about 70% off
I do not be trusting yet with this at
all I'll 34 location 10
it fits perfectly through the roof we
like that much despair yet there
yesterday so I say program there's no
room for to sit in the car but a bit it
would been but it was in I'm slightly
confident just how safe is this whoa I
they should have no room sequels develop
or everything up here everything is
looking absolutely sweet we've got the
big we've got the big table top here
which is super heavy look let me show
you the price of it upside down it was a
hundred and fifteen we've got it 245 of
70% cedar and obviously been here with a
new news table it's going to give us a
lot more space to work with and making
it look a lot more tidy R which is
exactly what we want right yes food we
need foods my friends yes we're very
very hungry
it's a half past eleven at night and we
haven't eaten today
on that might help grind but the answer
smoothie and a boxer through hopefully
this year they should keep me going
hopefully smooth consume let's get to
work
all right what does this look like guys
let me know in the comment section this
if the new sturdy deck it doesn't wobble
is a move and I can move products on it
and it works fine this is cool now we
call it a day now good idea
it is not tomorrow but he's not one in
the morning like an innovation which
although he can be I'm lying let's go
Oh
