good morning guys how we're doing my
name is of course Alex goes and welcome
back to another day vlog on what to say
guys want more in the sentence guys guys
guys guys
oh really guys how are y'all doing how
you're all right and in good spirit
today I've just chopped away back home
heard you say that my last night got the
facts you've got a full day of work
today so that means we would spend the
day together oh I've got something that
the office that I really want it on box
and I really want to get your guy's
opinion on too but before we go and do
that guys oh my god look Elliot sending
me later pain what you doing mate before
we go and do that guys I want to let you
guys know something I need to stop
saying guys and I need to stop doing
this you go look in the description of
this video and click on the page you
will find out if you are the winner of
last month's giveaway so this phantom 3
standard here and this Amazon echo is
with February's giveaway here all of
this stuff because it's going to keep
Spade in the description of the top of
the queue page will have both the
winners names and they will have also
been contacted subjective personal
messages on QC and then the community in
the description comment what you want me
to give away this month this is anything
you guys want or anything just put a
comment ever bit I didn't have to be a
bit of text a lot of probably make it
happen for you guys and I try and give
it away and then try and do like a give
one giveaway once a month now this is a
big giveaway here to these two things
together you guys won it in you want to
give away but this month let me know in
the Kitty and I promise I'm making
I feel like it I feel like it's
impossible impossible to keep your foot
on the gas 100 percent at a time do you
think about that for a second
keeping your foot on the gas 100 percent
of the time right so throughout the four
twenty four hours excluding sleep
because that's something that everybody
needs
I still believe it's impossible to keep
your foot on the gas 100 percent of the
time and this is something that I have
figured out myself through this daily
blogging thing you hear numerous stories
about people that like work very hard or
try and go very hard at the end up
getting run down and almost destroying
themselves in a way you start to make
mistake and your vision of what you
think is correct and right get sometimes
severely mangled and I really just come
to the conclusion of this advice after
speaking to one of my friends yesterday
well I say a friend it was actually a
close family member of mine and it
wasn't in a very good mental situation
and I came to the conclusion that that
was why because he thought in his head
that he could keep this foot on the
pedal 100% of the time giving it a
hundred percent gas so hard work is
absolutely brilliant but for God's sake
please don't overwork yourself any of
you
I know falling down absolutely gorgeous
day is today whether they were closed
modes and a classic door if I maintain
everybody else is working because one
obviously gorgeous day it is today
sun is shining outside positive vibes
all around to this lies the cameras I
thought the other day with London
Canberra exchange guys I know that works
there randomly open is Alex about London
because I want to come and check out
this new camera and end up buying it off
him because he was like this is going to
be like the next revolutionary vlogging
camera I don't think I made that clear
in the video they things like London
camera exchange run me and like I see
how I can come across like a bit weird
and a bit like oh I'm special
no someone actually works in the in the
shop just knows who I am and was like
you about there because we've had a
second hand use 8208
8500 command you want to come check it
out show me love the more honest with
you guys and try like I don't know I try
and simplify things and and it's not
making sense anyway so guys this is the
a 6500 and this is what I wanted to
start blogging with and I've put it on
this little thing right here I need your
guy's opinion and obviously talking
about your guy's opinion all right it
really matters to me everything that you
guys have to pay I take to heart right
which is really which is really a stupid
thing to do in the YouTube community
because it seems to be in the comments
like all that I see nowadays and the
comment is like this comment is if if
you want to have a nice sailor like this
comment if you want to wear a thousand
pounds like where's the constructive
criticism at where's that all this video
sucked or this video was good it's all
like this comment if you so anyway where
were you go say to me I know I picked
the heart and I try and improve on so
that's what I'm trying to do here I'm
trying to make a brand new vlogging rigs
it's going to be a lot smaller but I can
take about that and most importantly I
can most importantly take with me like
wherever I go to film like I know a bit
more personality of my life because it's
cameras so because of taking places so
this is the really wide lens to put this
on here look how small this little setup
is right here
this works a really
how small that is now that's wicked oh
my god it's so wide it's so wise it's
probably a little bit too wide and then
what I'm going to need I so wide guys
and then I need a microphone and here we
go guys this is it my brand-new little
vlogging rig what do you guys think this
is my old one
and this is the new one is it wide
enough what does it look like I need
your guy's opinion the microphone on top
so let me know how it sounds compared to
this one back on this one this is really
cool guys
this is absolutely it's so much smaller
than my last camera is tiny wait let me
try and get the toilets in compare it
very good guys look back in the good old
mirror for the in the toilet this is
officer that we started working on they
here is the old Rick and this is the new
ones that you can instantly see how much
smaller is this big thing right here
absolutely tiny
it's obviously wait a minute I'm a gal
this toilet so obviously it can be much
easier to cut around like wherever I am
it's tiny it's really lightweight it's
not as I don't know the word is like
it's not here to be fair they're
probably not looking at my camera the
probably just looking at my ugly face
but this is a lot smaller so the amount
of things in the comment section now
that are going to be like Alex likes it
small doesn't it oh no you guys are the
audience oh my main goal is to keep you
happy so I'd love to know what you think
of this new setup is the quality good
what you guys think in let me know in
the comment section down below but this
is what I'm going to be vlogging with
for the next few weeks to test it out
I'd love to hear what you guys think
another guy something I didn't realize
here you guys we're going mad at me
right arises zero dawn you guys know
Alex this game is like a limited edition
it's not even out yet when I'm boxed it
like before I went to Barcelona you know
Alex you literally have this game and
it's not even out yet and I didn't even
realize is what I mean about was like
doing a family on this channel right we
help each other out help you guys out
try and give you guys my best advice and
you guys just comment on all of my
mistakes which is brilliant because I
can learn things about games you guys
I've just come home we're doing all my
emails on here doing a load of emails on
here too I realize the time it's almost
7:00 p.m. I must be going up a meal with
my girlfriend at 8:00 and I need to go
for a run before then so let's just do
this quickly do the good old sweet
running top is in the washing machine so
pressing some of this it's so tight I
really need to give it to charity all
right let's go
Oh
seven minutes in seven seconds per mile
stretch down three guys I'm a little kid
looking sweet looking fine yes good
no well I'm gonna go to his meal and
then um we got back with you guys
back here at the ranch brilliant guys
all back from the mill was a massive
success except to have to rush back home
really quickly selecting clothes knows
this is what it looks like inside the
wireless units where I send Wi-Fi to my
neighbors this is what I have to deal
with all of this information and I have
to understand what all of these mean all
of this stuff means so all of my
neighbors Internet connections went down
and out to grow show and see if I can
get it back up and it's now back up and
running we're looking all sweet again
which is sick it was definitely just a
case of turn it off and on again right
guys we did the gym yesterday we've been
through a run today so we've got to do
three more bits of exercise this week
let's do this one one two three four
five six seven vlogs this week was done
the one do and that is going to fit for
today's world guys I believe enjoy
today's vlog guys I had some really good
for messing about with cameras having
give it over chill day with no work
involved except a little bit I've done
this evening on my emails earlier guys
tomorrow we'll put the crack of dawn in
the morning to go and take some
headshots for some clients I'm going to
bring you guys along to that because I
know is I'm gonna bust them and all like
yeah you can video it if you want so
I'll try and let you guys know how
casual it is when I'm working
professional add to keep everything
casual ask you to explore and let's keep
it vibrant otherwise be boring anyway
guys behave enjoy today's vlog - nice
you guys been awesome I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog how do I get ready so he
is
right
