morning guys how are y'all doing my name
is of course Alex and welcome back to
another daily vlog my first proper day
back in England
Jeeter going to kick it off straight
away with the girl English Nando's a
celebrity kitchen favorite chicken we've
got four batteries I put one of them in
that being spire itself is wicked
unfortunately this one was in this
corner of this full charge of battery
thing they didn't charge I'm having to
charge it separately we've got the two
remotes what we're going to do is Jordan
I usually spend a bit of time in linking
where we get to Nanda's but what we're
gonna do is go to Nando's quickly and
then shoot back here we're going to sort
some things out in Jordan's car Spurs
which is going to be really cool and
then we're going to try and put this
thing together
Oh
Oh
hey guys you just part to look at this
adverb adjusting it to keep your eyes on
the road not on your phone and it's all
on like emojis so it's like looking at
your phone smiling driving then you
crash ambulance sad face rip that's a
really powerful advert in my opinion
that's really cool
do you know we've got some business to
attend to when we get back home so we're
not going to spend long in time but
found time time I will get along with
Sinagra so much time in town
apparently cleanability hey look it's my
guy bro thank you very much wait you've
got the new song cow yeah
and it's extra extra extra if we bring
you get it right yeah the new zealanders
horses elf look at that bad boy
okay bring it over for Z oh it's the new
bootiful oh my love so this right here
is the new mando sauce I just been able
to get my order any was like have you
tried to sauce and I want by itself and
it was like yeah boy over for you to
drive by yourself and I have no tried it
by myself but I'm going to try it by
myself
so I asked him if I could actually have
it on the burger they would be made you
can not you get that new Eclipse we only
just Mountain thing so I'm going to try
it now and put them in this bad boy this
is the new Nando's popcorn popper
hi
oh yes very very very hot nice very very
hot playing
yes that's very hot
it smells nicer well not very very
humming it's very very oh okay yeah I
did I'm over dismembered that la is very
very hard way trying to concentrate on
gee can I get that in baby baby survived
remembers I told you guys we're going to
spend long in town today well what to do
we cook up some food then come back so
we have some stuff to do this is still
number one this is Jordans get those the
water that he bought riders he's gone
with them I'm working I had one once of
woofer in my last car guys know me
serious black my old mini I had the sub
in right and I have this amplifier under
here and the subwoofer in in the gallery
now it was a proper good system I spent
a fair bit of money on it it sounded
really good and I'm donating it today to
Jesus inside my garage collecting dust
for the last God half a year since I've
had my new cut and after you know
probably not that long so we're doing
all the ground work today for G's new
sub thanks Alex ah it's all right
I like the customer fun another
successful car mod installed my friend
like sick G yeah no worries mate and on
goes the search for new car mods you
guys have any recommendations any
multiple could do to the cars let us
know and we'll try and do them in these
log it's super foreigner you guys super
lovers modding the cars sweet we're
going to sick job
this is it Jake oh wow this is it she'll
do it yeah I find one of these in ages
that's like boy yeah he's like right
let's be number how to do this
keep clearing the drone up oh no engine
so long
one two three four five there she goes
there's on two there like that and then
that should be the camera oh I wish you
fellas gone differently than the I have
been putting these on the way and
putting them on Alex be confident mate
there she is oh wow let's do it let's do
it going here yeah that's fine here you
ready okay
then I can record on the drone to make
sure there we go
recording now Oh boys and girls
ah that feels so good
look at it go look at it go
oh I'm at the river already huh that I
feel so good man wow you got faster than
a salon geez look uh coming over you see
that on the camera oh cool
yeah successful flash but is wicked oh
so ugly stubborn and oh son played with
a drone Road have a good time at work
I'll see you next week cheers mate
brilliant guys all back in now that that
was super super fun I need to download
some of the footage on my computer to
see what it actually looked like but it
just felt so awesome to get back flying
again
now I've obviously got my phantom 4 here
with the battery that won't charge which
is really annoying so I'm going to have
to do is buy battery for that and then
I'm probably going to give this bad boy
away which by the way I'm currently
picking the winner for the Phantom 3 and
the Elector so once i've given those
away and sent it off what we'll start on
a giveaway for this bad boy you can
order a battery for it though right I
put my gym shirt in the in the washing
machine when I came back from from
Barcelona little this will have to do
in England we call these the coolies
bits and bobs this one called bits and
this one called and this one called Bob
I'm going to work this Bob tomorrow I
know what and is why is it maybe there's
not tomorrow too so know what this is
not very excited oh yeah look how
exciting life is that a surge protector
it should be a stick this good is
because someone let me know what the
difference between a normal extension
cable and a surge protector is please
I bought a surge protector because I
thought it stops surges what's a surge
pretty much I'm installing this in a
client's house and I didn't want it to
didn't want the house to burn them down
so yeah I thought so detectives means
the house isn't going to burn down oh
right so the guys over at QT are in
charge of this room right here I've
given them the I've given them the
get-go to sort me out Builder get
everything sorted for me and once you
get some people down and I want to start
live streaming it's really just want to
get it done man I hate sitting around
not doing stuff with this room I've been
saying on the decorators and nothing's
happening so I'm going to send a chaser
hopefully I can get some information for
you guys in tomorrow's blog we'll have a
sick day coming unbox some stuff and
hopefully I'll have some info for you
wish you can then hold meeting I don't
know what's in hand I know what's
involved and I bought it off eBay and
again it's for these vlogs that unbox it
tomorrow what do I look hello welcome
you can do I need to speak to Jett
everything's kicking up well have at
home is mate and and Bob I'll see you
tomorrow
