hotel room it's been sweet I'm not
making my bed it's really ridiculous
like 6:45 a.m. right now we're super
early because it's the Sony press
conference it's not early I can hardly
think guys barb in two seconds attorney
keno managed to get myself an energy
watch this I will attempt a finger hold
it up right and look on this screen I'm
controlling this with my finger right
now I'm moving my finger around and
controlling the screen look if I got
that and then drag I can drag around
this little projector and I can actually
click on different websites but I guys
want to go and apologize straight off
the bat about four o'clock in the
afternoon from such a hectic morning
been here all morning with Sony they've
released a brand new phone I display
with their album the videos on it I also
go buy a bucket of the LG booth to check
out the the new LG phone got some very
hands-on time with G Snickle this
morning so it's been really hectic I
will take that a lot of video portal
plan is now I'm super tired at about
four hours sleep last night what my plan
to do right now right get the
underground back to my hotel attacked in
from my hotel to the airport then fly
home and then and then carry on the vlog
so I'm going to go home quickly now
let's do a let's do a time-lapse good
let me give up six hours to get back but
here's a little montage three two one
continue on well for a green program
okay cool get it
but if you hire wrote myself on
final shrine home do I look tired
because I'm tired
Oh what
midnight oh my god why my tell me why
didn't I just go home
I'm in the office because I promised you
guys I was going to do something and I
want to do something really cool you see
this thing here are you ready for it
this thing this this guy should see
what's inside on a real nose eyes NZ
game day and to the hotel order a train
over the plane for quite some time I'm
kind of troubled out and I kind of just
want to stay put for a little bit maybe
a month or so that's not gonna happen
now we're always just fun things to
doing things in these logs and things
maybe I'll stay home for a week I'll try
to stay home I'll try staying for a week
okay so this is it right what we do is
up there a little travel montage on the
way back which I'm hoping was pretty
good and we'll open things because I
really really want open it oh yeah okay
I'm gonna crack out some light because
we just do need some what we do this is
everything out away and I what we'll do
if we sit down together and we're going
to have a bit of a kill section and
we're going to have a look and see
what's inside these things together and
I thought we just chill out one because
Roy so hectic and I just want to feel
like eight and I kill with you guys I'm
looking you guys pause of here now go
get a drink
go and get some snacks bigger than food
or resume watching it when you've got
Zeus this pub all together and yeah
let's do it
so um yeah let's just open this thing a
lot of you guys that work
you guys like what what until it was a
lot of you got it right and a lot of you
were just totally wrong a lot of people
gave right and so it was that healthier
I said he was number one for the blog
and I said it's cost me about one and a
half thousand pounds so a few of you
said the right thing but like not quite
the right we a lot of the great things
they were quite surprised you guys you
guys are running like carbonic but we're
going to see exactly what I'll wait a
minute get some nails and it's tickets
thumbnail oh yeah we go for me a lot
quick you say oh I'm soaking for this
I'm first onto this sex I used to have
one of these and then all your go know
what is now I crushed it and now this
right is I bought another one but this
is the version too but there's a lot of
confusion in the comment section because
there's like two new versions of the
inspired so you've got the actual
inspire to all inspire one version to
now I have the inspire one Bergen one
but the serta madronas that they sort of
inspire love it is the inspire 1 version
too so it's a second time the second
version of of the one I've already got
or grated version but it's not the
inspire you and the reason I'm not going
to buy the inspire 2 is because is for
professionals it has a war camera on it
the camera on the inspire 2 is a lot
better than this camera that I'm using
right here
there's no need to sit oh I inspire I
own all what one two three
would that ah look at that
it's got carbon fiber on it it's got the
new carbon fiber oh it's so cool and
it's got the gimbal system
ok guys drop a like rating if you wanted
me to like it but maybe measure on the
slim can I try and dissuade my
girlfriend see if I can do a video
just like a one-off because you guys
really enjoyed it when when we did the
video last time where we where she did
the design on drones you guys lose
really cool so maybe we have to do a
video where we go out and spray this the
droplet racing if you'd want to see that
these woman want to see me try and do
that and here's the best part so when I
crashed mine spyro one in New Zealand I
brought home the battery right so I
actually have four batteries you just
want to come with three and I've got one
I bought for my last drone which you're
still bit and I brought home the
controller which make women of a few
controllers devoting our while elves you
want to control away classes is is one
controller can be controlling the drone
and then the other controller can just
control the camera where is the camera
ah smells good and then this is the
battery charger and you can charge for
what all you can charge loads of
batteries at once with it whoa and cool
right there waiting to setting up here
this is the need to take it home and
make sure that he's okay and stuff but
yeah guys I used by a once we are back
in the game these vlogs are going to be
off the wall now this this inspire one
version two is not is now about extra
drive and motivation I need to get my
drone license done there's been a part
of my life that's been missing and I
think I just filled that gap
tweet about all four of my badges on
Joy's the black one is my old one issues
got a rap on it flipped out if you're
watching you sent me out another rap so
I can wrap the body of it and then my
girlfriend and I can do some design on
it well she can I'm not very good at
that stuff but yeah that is absolutely
sweet where's Mel the controller I
wonder no I know I bought home where is
it ah yeah there we go do that only
power yeah don't be just we we can mess
about with the dual camera pros I might
just get a shed on it or something so he
can control the camera and I can fly the
thing oh look at all this mess but I've
got a thought out now oh this is
gorgeous and it's 10:00 to 1:00 in the
morning hey guys if you don't mind I'm
going to go ahead and cut this vlog
short here then five hours sleep every
night since I've been in Barcelona
I'm absolutely shattered and I really
just don't want to get ill I can already
tell that I'm getting a sore throat
which isn't good I'm going to sort all
this out getting the shower because I
feel absolutely grubby and then get into
bed so guys I'll see you in the vlog
tomorrow we'll go out and mess it with
the inspire it'll be a good laugh and it
we're back to the good old days I'd
literally I don't think people
understand how much happier this has
made me it literally has boosted my
happiness knowing that I own one of
these well I just I just love this thing
like this thing is just mental it was so
annoying that the old one got crashed
and I say this every time I isn't the
conversation and say it wasn't my fault
when it got crashed right yeah yeah yeah
it wasn't your equipment and you won't
find it yeah I know I was the yeah I
know I was the one flying it anyway guys
my name's Ben Alex you guys been awesome
guys stay up and keep smiling I'll see
you in tomorrow's vlog I can't wait for
it
you
