nice unfortunately while I'm in this
hotel room there must be like a mask on
top of so on apologize for that right
I'm up at the crack of dawn right now
just get us some breakfast now I want to
go over to a few press conferences cuz
all right here okay look it's nice right
just opt out of this awesome
BMW now for the press conference so here
we go I've made it in I'm past accuracy
LG g6 event check this out let me turn
around the camera cuz this this is mad
this is so cool check this out I am
wicked hahaha it's like a tunnel
right so guys I'm in this event right
now and it's absolutely kicking off
we're not seeing any photo shoot this is
just a monkey room full of everybody
that's here taking videos and photos and
other function about a load of you guys
preserving subscribers which is
definitely work and I thought there was
like really professional people here it
turns out I've actually got some pretty
professional fans too which is links so
this is my tech flow camera I'm going to
be doing all the types of videos on this
then space creates of a net smoke blog
in camp this is absolutely wicked be
giving like a teaser and then we're
going to go in and at the press
conference and see what the g6 is all
about Hey look I'm getting photos
they're gonna make there we go
I'm so pumped for that I can't wait this
is we gonna be war with you never done
one of these event before
it's so bright out here we're going to
get an ND filter to this camera
okay the LG event is still going on I've
got to leave early so I think we're
dancing off starting off to a why way
coming back out of that VIP taxi now
we're at Hawai way how do you say it
here we go look at this big building for
the Hawaii P 10 plus so we're still in
the queue right now right it's really
really really realized it would tie box
got there's your bed here the you cube
is down here going really well but it's
chill and came and organized the meetups
and stuff that's going important it's
going to be really good we can't wait
it's always also like being with the
faces that you see online like in real
life is the first time is really quite
strange but also at the same time so is
waiting to try and get inside it this is
where the new Hawaii phone is going to
be released so it's just seeing what LG
have done with the g6 and now we're
going to do what these guys are doing
see the competition it's incredible
hundreds many people pretty
who
I'm in here as you see behind me there's
no way I'm going to get to any of these
phones and video them so what I'm going
to try and do is go and try and get one
phrase I think and see if I can do this
so I'm going to get my hands on this
phone I've got it right here
I have all the other are inside
filming it and I've got one outside and
it doesn't have a cable on it so I'm
going to move my shortages down here of
this phone look at those guys I'm in my
absolute element getting shots of the
phone outside that no one else was
allowed to do today I've just been so
lucky it's been so fun bringing guys
made it back into the hotel room today
has been absolutely phenomenal I'm going
to talk about it you guys a little bit
later just what you go out with them for
some tea because we're all in a massive
rush today just been phenomenal I'll go
out or do some talking and walk in later
and we'll just have a little chat and
I'm going to come back and try and
design a mini set up in this room with
you guys right familiar some food I'll
bring my camera with me let's go three
two one can we smell old cynic
check this out right I'm going to work
as you know you can see from here look
at this this building in the background
still the lights coming up from it all
that that's our cool
hey everyone it's cool guys little bit
hey guys I'll put the number right so
guys check out this ball this Barbie
there's all the things it is amazing and
there's no one else up here woah the
views incredible look at me like look
look just Barcelona imagine like imagine
having like this is your house imagine
like being in a penthouse and having
this is your view and then like owning
this pool you would literally like
living like a king would you advise so
cool other than the fact that it is
absolutely freezing up here if this is
summertime this will be wicked okay that
we've got hundreds that worth going of
that with absolutely mental right okay
we've got a job to do and you guys know
when I do something or I want to do
something or I have an idea and I want
to make the idea of reality we don't
mess about
but guys on the Mars bar channel we
always do a good job so first off what
I've gotta do let's lay out the ground
rule number one all of my kit in this
room as you guys can see is absolutely
everywhere I have minion chocolates so
that under so what I want to try and do
with all the kids I brought in the one
bag that walk with me to Barcelona I
want to try and create a set up on this
deck second thing I'm also wanting to
set up a few a and what I mean by set up
for Q&A is number one I need to take the
Twitter and ask you guys to some in my
hotel room with a sick view , want to
record a QA question mark ask some
questions with the hashtag ask mark
three guys now the tweet has been sent
it's time to build
the setup but to make our setup we need
some bands
resume the music so there we go that is
my little hotel setup that I've made in
probably about 15-20 minutes honestly
it's all about lighting like if I didn't
have that work there and didn't have
enough out like that this thing wouldn't
look half as good at all ya got the Bose
Soundlink mini got the Wi-Fi device got
my headphones me but will laptop cable
manage all fully charged that is a silly
little setup to go along with this suite
after room but yeah I had loads of fun
making this little setup and I just got
ahead and edited a text below video
attic which was really fun but guys I'm
going to end today's vlog here I'm going
home tomorrow and I'm going to unbox
that massive 1500 pound parcel that's in
the office they drop a like rating if
you pumps about the guys my advice
you guys can awesome guys sales and keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
vlog yes
you
Oh
