Doris is blown down as blown-down
trampoline tech packed closed for the
weekend packed laptop packed a lot is my
weekend in a bag let's go after after
Barcelona this morning well I say this
morning my flights in the afternoon at 4
p.m. but I've got to get a train to
London which leaves in 25 minutes and
then got to get to the airport check-in
and yadi yadi edit right so Lucas told
me some stuff yesterday or did they
before it when we were box there but I
think this is gonna help me on my trip
to Spain because I'm gonna get from this
if I put that on there that means I'm
gonna get some USB ports for Spain and
then this thing arrived yesterday we
sort of saw it in the vlog biden
unboxing so it surprised myself
and that was on that it's just cool I'm
gonna pull the lid off this way I'll let
you guys see it first right earth is
ours no more right I have Noah is this
liminal I don't know have a clue what
this is no way war horizon dawn for ps4
it's a game or something playstation
thank you I appreciate it right I was
gonna unbox this big thing to you guys
and it's for the vlogs you guys let me
know what you think it is in the
comments I'm not gonna unbox it today
because I really I'm gonna rush I need
to go to the train station at right now
I just felt like I really want to
include this in the vlog as I left the
train station I saw a young couple I'm
assuming it was a young couple the girl
ran towards the guy got off the same
train hours on and they just hugged in
the guy was just smiling and it just
like warmed my heart
sweet I made it and the first thing I
say you good old Dickson's
travel let's have a look in here they
have some pretty good prices here man
like that should be like hundred seventy
no I'm actually gonna buy anything
because everything is just well I don't
need anything but I just look I've
always wanted to get one of these like
these look really cool now I'm sorry
guys I'm not buying anything real
finished now to board the flight oh yeah
well bye bye England it's been fun
I'll see you in the next one
and I've been asleep most of it
temperature barcelona's about 50 degrees
doesn't leave Mike open again there I
can't wait have been in a hot country
finally here
just try got a pass for the event thank
you very much appreciate it Cheers
you too thank you arrived in Barcelona
just in a taxi gonna get to the hotel
then I'll sit down have a chat with you
it's actually not that warm in Barcelona
it's quite cold quite disappointed but
gotta make the most of it
right I think I've side meow whoa this
is sick this is so cool this is one of
the best hotel rooms our company's ever
do not for me Wow this little room right
guys is sick I'm really happy guys I'm
in Barcelona with you guys with my
family Olivia okay
one thing you to know about me guys is
hello I'm a little bit hyperactive
because I get a little bit homesick
right okay I think we're going out for a
meal we're gonna have a meal with the EE
people at 9 o'clock it's now quarter to
nine I think they're not gonna do this
Center I'm sick right it's fun the Wi-Fi
let's see what we got in the goodie bag
from eaf hey we got a travel adapter
I've already got that sorted what is
this a juice bar and an e Wi-Fi box
thing this is sweet how do I do this so
let's cut to the chase Yee sent me out
here well they haven't sent me out here
for these vlogs or anything not none of
this is like sponsored or anything
II just hit me up and they're like Alex
do you want to come out with us to
Barcelona and come to the Mobile World
Congress which is where those are new
phones are being released for like the
next year and all the new things
regarding phones right but all they've
asked me to do is do a few tech flow
videos for that so that is literally
what I'm gonna be doing and then I'm
just gonna be doing my own thing just
wandering around this event with you
guys with the vlog and then I've got to
go off and meet some tech flow videos
and stuff which is you know what he
won't be here for to do like a few take
videos and some phones which should be
really interesting like the new phones
that are coming out which is surgical I
member I did it for the Google pixel and
it got like 200,000 views it was sick so
yeah that's why I'm here primarily and
so sweet yeah I'm so happy I'm gonna go
and head out for this meal right sweet
we have arrived at our location for the
evening for our meal which is
this place pretty sweet so the bar that
we're going to is is right at the top
right at the pinnacle of this building
right here brilliant sweet guys all back
from the meal really enjoyed it now I'm
back I want to do something that I know
you guys all have been itching for me to
do for this whole video right all
evidence I've arrived here right do a
hotel sort of set up room tour right now
I want to preface this this hotel isn't
cheap
to stay and I also want to say that that
I haven't paid for it and I probably
wouldn't pay for it right so it's just a
little bit ridiculous but what I thought
we'd do is just take a little tour
around it so if we go into the bathroom
it's not the first thing this is a thorn
you get this long corridor down here
right and then if you walk into here
this is the bathroom I'm not sure yet
okay that's the mirror light and then
maybe I okay there we go so you get this
massive mirror like this is massive look
how small I look here yeah all of this
is all like granite marble and stuff and
they look like a superzoom ting and then
we've got a toilet down there and then
look at the case I illegitimate BDT
there what's that oh it's another lie
and then check this out this is where
things get mad how do you get into this
thing what is it's always a slide
look how baby shower is like its massive
you got a party in here and then look at
that on the roof hello
that's my shower I'm gonna be enjoying
that tomorrow morning so that is the
shower right there and you come back
into this corridor here take a left and
then you go into the room now I've got
my setup stuff there hunts to anything
up here well this is the room look how
big this thing is this bed I'm not even
sure what you call it is it like a
double king I'm not sure it's like the
biggest mattress size you can get like
it's bigger than my bed at home and my
bed at homes like a king this is like
double king I forget what it's called
there is a name for it someone put it in
the comment it's like these LED movable
lights on the walls here you can share
them off with a little light and then
I've got my little USB thing there
charging my phone is actually USB ports
in the wall which is even wickeder but I
want to use this
I was gonna deliver a decent charge to
my phone 65 inch TV up on the wall there
and then they've even put a HDMI port
which links up to the TV so you can plug
your laptop in so what I'm gonna do
right is when you know I've done all my
work and I'm gonna go to bed in the next
hour or so I'm gonna put some Family Guy
on from the laptop plug it in the HDMI
port lie on my bed and Sheila out and
watch some family back up family by
family guy on the big TV and then this
is my desk I need to try and do the
setup and then now this this is cool
I've got a massive glass window here and
obviously for noise isolation because
I'm in the center of Barcelona right now
there's one window to window and then
you look out up here guys check this out
that my friends is Barcelona
look at that look at the statue there in
the middle that Matt Rand about I could
genuinely jump right now I'm on the top
floor of this hotel it's just slightly a
little bit mental there's actually a
little void gap in here I think I'm
gonna leave this open because I wanna
get some fresh air in here anyway guys
I'm gonna go ahead and end today's vlog
here if you think this hotel room is a
little bit mental and you want me to
like a set up tour tomorrow try and sit
on my back up and do my kid do it all
nicely well open over the like rating
down below if you've enjoyed the video
and a comment but for guys for now
anyway I'm gonna head to the Congress
tomorrow at 7 a.m. I think my breakfast
is at 7:00 a.m. so I'm gonna get up I'm
gonna get up at 6:30 go for a run then
head to break first anyway guys might as
well I likes you guys have been awesome
guys snails and keep smiling I'll catch
you in tomorrow's vlog Olivia faces yes
