yo what's up guys you're watching Marge
bundle make sure you subscribe this guy
because the concepts of it was the same
Oh
funny story this is the exact location I
was sat all those many months ago when I
was waiting for my train to go to London
to fly to Australia
it's back in London again today got my
first meeting this morning
I'm absolutely naked but a push through
right so I can't not include this and
tell you guys right I've come over to a
steak restaurant in London called
good man right and he's been told that
it is the third rat ranked it's the best
restaurant in the whole of London first
four states and I've got this amazing
drink right here look at this ROM I'm
getting a tour around this restaurant
right now go into the kitchen
clashes purely take moisture out the end
yeah that was so amazing to see the
kitchen where I'm literally just about
it this meal it's been doing but I'll
let you go I love you all right
let your swing okay folks incidentally I
think my ride is just up here brilliant
successful meeting we were in that
restaurant for I'm gonna say the good
part of three hours now the meeting was
with one of the CEOs from QT all of you
guys know QT by now if you don't then
you're living under a rock we're
currently giving away and Amazon a lexer
and a phantom three drone it was
actually a discussion actually we're
going to be starting doing a load of
giveaways from people saying that they
need stuff on QT are all the queue team
we so common either day saying some guy
was like I want to make a YouTube
channel and I want to do drone videos
but I don't like drone and we were just
thinking why did we just send him Andrew
so the more active you on the site the
more stuff we're going to be given the
way we're gonna do like surprise for now
we're just giving away an assay just and
Amazon a lexer and a DJI phantom 3
drawing watch the video from a few days
ago to find out to enter that if you
don't already know but as of right now
I'm on the way to London camera exchange
so the guys here LCE yes they watch my
youtube videos they were like Alex come
down if you're in London because we
think we've got your new vlogging
cameras so now I want to take Freddie
and I'm gonna take for bringing the a7s
it's a YouTube for vlogging so many
people use it now and I was 100% just
definitely the first person to you
camera for vlogging right LCE give me a
call
they want me to pop in let's see what
they've got I'm are they going to change
today or I'm not okay yeah the autofocus
is taking me I'll take it from you
yeah I love it yeah I'm taking one look
at this AC 2 500 seeing some of their
focus and I'm just going to buy it
because it is phenomenal Theo judge
broken into microphone so half the clips
that I get well in the last week I
haven't been able to include because
there's been no audio do you guys sell
rode mics cheers mate thank you very
much Cheers then just like that the
camera that Sony didn't even have in
stock the brand new Sony camera I've got
it in my bag let's do this when I'm
actually so happy that I bought this new
camera because now every time I start
recording or up to mess about with the
audio check to make sure my Mike's
working right on my way now to the
YouTube space this gonna be sick yeah
poor okay yeah now this oh let's leave
okay a future space but I seen a bit
yeah I put the chainsmokers
brilliant okay right I've been
transferred over to Google
I've been allocated this space so come
and sit and try and upload yesterday's
vlog I still haven't even edited it yet
I haven't edited it yet because top gear
were meant to send me a load of clips
and they have them but now behalf so I'm
going to edit them in the blog and
upload it really fast so this is my
brand-new vlogging camera this is the
Sony a 65 hundred this is a little beast
so well see and I should really say this
but LCA they gave me I think three
hundred and fifty pounds off this
because I've got a good relationship
with the room we have pacifiers in
London our support to pop down because
these are very hard to get like these
are only Lydon only just come out I rang
up the Sony store a week back and they
didn't have any in an LCA they were like
look we've got one in do you want to
come pick it up so I was like well
coincidentally a home in London yes I'm
coming to pick it up if you didn't
already know this camera that I'm using
right now been using it for the past
year the camera itself is absolutely
fine the video quality is good but the
only problem it the audio jack on the
side of it which I plugged my microphone
into is totally broken the only records
the left channel of audio and I have to
duplicate that track to the right
speaker in editing and sometimes it
totally cuts out all and I'm there
talking about camera and my microphone
is not on and it's just not good I miss
out on about 30% of my shots every
single day just because the camera
hasn't recorded any audio so here we go
this is it a brand new a little baby
it's a lot smaller and I need to get a
different lens for it I need to get a
wide lens for it but this is it first
off if you ever get a sony camera take
these little tassels off them because
all it does is make horrible noise beer
it's tiny
Oh so you ready I'm going to switch to
the new camera in
- one this is the new camera guys what
do you think the auto focus should be
incredible
sweet cigars gonna record the rest of
this vlog on my new Sony a 6500 let me
know what you think I need to get a
wider lens for it because this lens out
how my last camera isn't as wide on this
camera just because of how the camera
works internally to do with the sensor
size so the picture physically won't
look as wide but the autofocus will be
so much better I promise that look at
this way look at all ready three two one
boom focused boom focused it's just like
rapid it is the fastest camera on the
market for autofocus and that is what
you need for vlogs just need a new lens
so I'm going to nip down to this another
security guys they're not what's filming
it
Oh
hey honey I wonder which covers better
al-faqih wins wait am I in your boys
with my blog do a blog section right now
works there's more cameras behind as
well follow me with Israel I'm gonna
download yours and put it here as well
and then long embarrassed for the
expensive camera somehow J motions have
been everybody's about there taking
photos it's going really well between
Jakes music video massive shower today
by the way is an absolute phenomenal job
massive respect for inter you know for
going out into the music scene a massive
respect to people you know that the
branch out have the confidence to do
that subjects keep your eyes right
bright will do the self thing yeah yeah
sweet dude that's in a bit alright a bit
yeah see you made it onto my train
you guys only to let me know what you
think of the new camera quality because
this is a big deal for me as much as you
may think it is and I love cameras and
I'm really proud of the quality that
would produce on the vlog so let me know
oh my god there's something massive
outside so on a level though look now
excuse me if I'm wrong there's a fair
few parcels down there and if any of you
can guess what this one is right put it
in the comment because I'm not going to
open it I'll give you it if you get it
right that was a lot I'm not giving you
this Jesus I think what's in there a boy
yesterday and I got it for an absolute
steal of a price the 1500 pounds some of
the things here though what the hell are
these things I have absolutely zero of
an idea what these things are I'm going
to go ahead and open this this what the
hell is this oh Jesus I'm going to come
and see what this is tomorrow because I
like I like surprises I'll leave the
obvious for one day there's a moment of
Parcells alone what's going on I'm gonna
go it's scaring me three years guys all
back home now now I'm gonna get a wider
lens for it I don't have that yet so if
that is your only gripe with this camera
then that's gonna be sorted so don't
mention that but yeah here it is this is
it it's a lot smaller than the than the
a7f but can we just take a moment to
appreciate this autofocus are you ready
this is just phenomenal ready three two
one what the hell let me know what you
think guys but for now my name's Ben
Alex my bug is already pretty much
packed and I'll see you in tomorrow for
an awesome Barcelona travel vlog adios
Oh
