probably going to need a new a new
microphone hopefully you can hear me
microphone please hang in there now
there's no better way to cure a slight
bit of a hangover
now I believe right and this is a very
self taught lesson I'm still stuck in
traffic right now so my comedy go anyway
so I thought I'd tell you guys what's on
my mind right now right this is a self
taught lesson I taught us of this a lot
when I was younger so when I first got
introduced to phones right and you know
what I became at that age where it was
acceptable back in the day when I was
you know it was around that time when I
could have my first phone now I remember
getting that phone right and now it was
just off my absolute not with it it was
just amazing
Oh someone's calling me and I saw all my
friends with phones and they all have
cases on them and I didn't have a case
on my phone and what ended up happening
silly old Alex ended up breaking his
phone so ever since then right it nailed
into my head that if you have something
that you are so proud of you will do
your utmost ability to take care of it
the reason I looked into Halfords is
because I want to get a smelly for the
car so I might go for the Yankee Candle
I can't I can't part for my Jelly
Belly's I'm gonna go for this one and
then I'm gonna get this mitt little bit
guy off YouTube because it is there you
know exactly I swear no no we can't do
and he just sees you're gone like going
driving you bring the dog if you want
say ah go on extremely busy day today
because I woke up rather late this
morning unfortunately or not last night
mr. C's please don't go out that often I
don't really go out that often
wait let me go out I mean go out and
drink usually because I've got stuff to
do the next day the drinking alcohol the
night before would stop me from doing
those certain things for instance the
vlog that I do every day if I go I'm
gonna go once you know
every month awesome then it's a bit I'm
a bit more I'm moving boring person of
Latino friends down so first I went out
last night into town and met alumina
subscribers which was awesome spent
about I don't know maybe 45 minutes on
the smoking balcony talking to them it
was like a Q&A Sunday but on a Wednesday
morning at 1:00 a.m. there was give me
questions and it was a good laugh we
were doing photos I'm pretty sure I'll
put it on my snapchat anchor I'm not
going on holiday but thanks for the
gifts anchor thanks for the stuff I
don't really need it might give it away
boundless stuff I appreciate it so yeah
off to London tonight which is gonna be
really really really really fun for
tomorrow and I'm back in London Friday
for a YouTube party Jake Mitchell's
YouTube party and I've actually got a
meeting Friday daytime in London too and
then Saturday I'm back in London flying
off to Barcelona
oh it's mad wat but I've come to the
office to make sure everything's okay
before I leave so see I'm jetting back
and forward from here to London from
London to Barcelona Barcelona back to
here next Monday so I'm not gonna be in
this office for a while so bye-bye
office I love you don't burn down
Oh trick for you if you've got a mini
there's my last air freshener if you get
a black air freshener you can put it up
here and you can't even see the thing
and it just stays there and obviously
inside of the car all clean from
yesterday when we cleaned it I've just
polished it and oh my it looks so shiny
but so far mission success wait let's
try this Alexa are you okay I'm fine
thanks good job team this is it four
hours of traveling ahead of me now this
this is gonna be intense because it's a
route that I've I've never done before
I'm going let's just say billow London
and that is everything around you that
you call life was made up by people that
were no smarter
you're just about to arrive into London
goggle as cheered and then betrayed and
I'm never done
before so I'm a bit nervous
as well as spiders I'm absolutely
terrified of lifts
absolutely freezing current time is 11
p.m. currently waiting for my
suffer after why I tell turns out that
it's actually been overbooked so they've
given me some complimentary wine and
they're booking me into another hotel
it's my problem I've already ordered
food to this hotel because I haven't
eaten all evening so I need to wait for
that to come and then they're gonna move
me hotels this is so funny there have
been that really apologetic and outside
guys it's fine you should chill I'm not
bothered they give him trying to give me
wine and people make mistakes we're only
human man chill that'll do me for the
evening oh hey sweetie finally arrived
into well a hotel room kind of annoying
because the last hotel looked really
nice that I was in and I've been
transferred
they said they overbooked and ran out of
room awesome how do you do that when the
room has been booked anyway they were
really nice about it gave me this bottle
of wine which I'm just not gonna drink
anyway but it's not a problem so what
was the point in complaining like mayor
a little bit out the way they paid for
my taxi to get to this new hotel
everything's fine hopefully everything
will go smoothly tomorrow but yeah very
small little room here bathroom check
looking sweet how you doing my friends
anyway guys tomorrow is gonna be
absolutely incredible and I can't wait
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog it's
gonna be insane at top gear I can't wait
I love your faces adios
