sweet guys good morning how are y'all
doing my name is of course Alex and it's
been a really nice morning this morning
to come out and fly the drone not for
any reason just to just to perfect my
expertise with this thing which by the
way expertise with this thing are
probably zero so any help I can get with
flying this the better to break into
this place why I don't think I'm meant
to be down here but if you were to take
a trip down to your local dock and the
thing isn't connected up here and you
have to sort of climb I probably I
probably wouldn't go down on this thing
tweeting guys just got back from flying
the drone so as you guys can see I've
got some vertical merge on and then
literally just right right right there
say say hi Burt he's not what's going on
so guys it looks like the weather who's
taking a turn for the worse so I'm happy
I took the drone out this morning I was
gonna take out at sunset this evening
however I need to jump in the car right
now and the reason I need to jump into
the car is because I've got I've got a
meeting right on my screen behind you
guys this one I can see two things open
these guys are speakers right take a
guess at how much these speakers are
2,100 pounds oh but you see the thing is
they're just the speakers right you also
need a subwoofer and an amplifier
subwoofer $5.99 and the amplifier that
you need to put it all together to grand
over Alex that's just the sound what
about the 4k projector another five
thousand and then a really good
high-quality screen that comes down for
the projector probably another 500 what
I'm describing to you guys right now is
what I want my cinema room to be like in
the new house and I've got a meeting a
meeting to discuss that right now with
the experts
see you guys are probably all thinking
to yourself you probably thinking Alex
why have you come to town today you send
us a meeting what's going on I do have a
meeting right now I'm actually about
five minutes late but there's no point
in going to this meeting if I don't
explain to you guys what the meeting is
about
so it's at this store called super phi
right yeah and Alex what does super fly
sell well they sell a very nice set of
products they sell a lot of audio-visual
equipment but not just your normal
standard speakers and TVs they sell like
4k projectors
massive automatic screens they will even
come in and design you an own
audio-visual setup or a cinema setup in
your house a nave savy an email asking
to team up on the new house and they've
said these words they said to me that
they want to make my audio-visual dream
in the new house come true so I need to
have this meeting and yes I'm buzzing
as you can see this is super fight that
people are just serving a few customers
at the moment because I've got an actual
meeting at two o'clock so they're
shutting down the store for the meeting
however guys can you see the price tags
of this stuff like this this they're not
messing about here like these people
they take this sort of stuff really
really seriously like this is high-end
gear on that one with that subwoofer and
these speakers and a 4k projector with a
screen the ghosts
it's gonna be so good
okay so just looking around to see what
I want and then we're going to talk to
them about it thank you very much is
sweet guys all back from my meeting at
super fired also in and out of super
fight met a load of you guys the Sun is
literally just setting video however one
your guys honest opinions do you think
we should be spending this much dollar
on this home audio-visual stuff if we
wanted to create a cinema room or do you
think we should try and do it on the
cheap we either you know go hard you
know just go home and don't do it go
hard or go home
I'm wanting to just make this just
awesome I want it to be awesome okay so
a few more things have arrived and if
you didn't watch yesterday's video I'll
give you a little bit of context pretty
much I'm building a computer not for me
for somebody else and yesterday we
unboxed the rest of the components like
the CPU the RAM everything for this
build but I'm currently building guys
however we were waiting on the case
which is finally arrived so I'm doing a
custom full-on setup this is the
keyboard for it the mouse was arrived
good Mouse arrived yesterday so I need
to get all of this stuff round to the
office but the key is here yes I am
gonna be live-streaming this build that
I'm building with all of this stuff but
I'm going to be doing it at the same
time with Jacob and teaching him how to
build a computer so I need to get all of
the parts over to the office and make
this hopefully the stream should be
happening on either Tuesday or Wednesday
next
you guys are you guys gonna have to wait
and see what we're doing dude I install
SCIM utilize into the office what you're
looking at hey this is my new electric
skateboard in the middle this is called
the e flex board you like it yeah it's
cool isn't it let you're going it's like
soon which ones are they oh behind the
teller yeah and then these ones and then
those red ones come on and then this one
right there how sick these all of them
yeah you can literally if I could have
like red up there we could have green
here we're gonna have blue we could even
have them all changing color really fast
and flush them can have a disco in here
but how cool do you think it looks
bright right then my dude we are gonna
be doing some stream soo don't wait
those two together as a collective and
we want to tell these guys don't we when
we're gonna be streaming for the live
streaming room and it's sooner than you
think isn't it Sunday so Sunday night
guys should we say about half-past six
seven o'clock yeah somewhere around
there for an hour Jacob and I are gonna
be in here streaming then after that
stream on on Sunday
Jacob and I are gonna be streaming again
next week aren't we doing something
really really cool yeah we have some
more aren't we so once those parts
arrive hopefully sometime next week that
will be sometime next week Jacob and I
are gonna be streaming building a there
we go
okay the Jacob quickfire question what's
an SSD he remembers a CPU the processor
what's a processor the brain he knows
you're actually really clever bro you're
actually are clever you remembered you
remembered three parts for the computer
build right here oh wait one more part
here it is so what I want to do guys
isn't know whenever I'm building a
computer you guys always want to know
what it's for build computers before for
me the office computers are built the
streaming computer which yes by the way
Jacob and I are streaming the night you
guys are seeing this on by the way Jacob
still up that used to play Minecraft in
the streaming room so I'll agree what
we're thinking what is this computer for
well there's computers actual
one of my clients who wants a
workstation of computer they wanted to
do Word documents they wanted to do
general web browsing Skype conversations
but all this at the same time they also
will be doing a bit of a light Photoshop
work nothing heavy at all just light
work so obviously I've gone for an i5
water-cooled system here and you guys
can see that I've got them some nice
peripherals want me to do the whole desk
including peripheral so I've got them
there the MX master 2's in white and
then this K 800 illuminated keyboard is
absolutely gorgeous I love this thing
I'd recommend it to anybody I've also
got them on monitor too but I'm still
waiting on delivery for that but what
arrived at the office is the case now
I'm going for a micro ATX build right
now but soon as that you can I told me
to do this dream with Jacob judging on
yesterday's video I might do with this
actually guys got in my storage cupboard
which is actually getting rather full
right now this full ATX tower build box
our case here right now this was guys my
old computer but see this we are using
this as a demonstration to show Jacob
how to build a PC a might builder in
this case and give my customer this case
they're not really too bothered and just
keep this one here spare because that
way it's gonna be much easier to teach
Jacob how to build computers if we've
got more space to work with so I think
I'm gonna do just that guys here is all
of the parts before I knock them over
just waiting on a few of the things like
the graphics card and the motherboard
hopefully if they will arrive soon for
us to start this stream Jacob we enjoy
minecraft bro yeah he's got headphones
on he's absolutely loving it so guys I
need you also let me know what you think
of the a/v setup that I'm going for in
the new house full on 4k projection
systems probably about 80 to 95 inches
on the screen a major awesome surround
sound system in there with Dolby Atmos
and
massive amplifier do you think we can
pull it off should we pull it off should
we do it should I spend the book any
people with mental AV systems visit
worth it
please let me know guys down there in
the comments and/or on Twitter or my
other social medias but now guys
unfortunately I've got to do the
difficult thing that every brother has
to do and tell my brother that it's time
to go home from at the office and it's
time for him to go to bed and he's
absolutely loving it up there so where
this is this is gonna be this is gonna
be difficult but I'm sure he will love
this stream on Sunday right thank gosh
I'm gonna go ahead and end today's daily
vlog here the reason I'm ending this
video guys in the echoey bathroom really
good for the audio is because I wanted
to show you guys the lighting in here
I've had all the lights and yes in my
bathroom all changed out for the vlogs
and I'm never doing this throughout the
house and especially in the new house
some of the guys whatever room I am in
the matter whether in the bathroom in
the under stairs covered or in the
kitchen the lighting is key as you guys
can see but all the lights changes out
to cool white and it's so so awesome in
here really really cool so guys mine has
been Alex you guys have been awesome
guys stay awesome keep smiling and I
can't wait to see your beautiful faces
in tomorrow's daily vlog remember guys
if you see in this by this time I'll be
streaming like an hour's time about 7:00
p.m. the same day this isn't loaded guys
adios
