so before the baby's blood start I want
to kick it off by informing you but
there's two days left right this face
subscribe this week so grab both
brand-new unsealed as you can see you
want to enter all you have to do is
leave a comment on either well either
the two cuties left in the description
or create a brand new cutie on cutie
about a topic that you really are
interested in and it's a really cool
cutie you may have a chance of winning
the first of these just as much activity
as you can have on cutie this is it
right two days left right without the
way let's go on with the regular blog
program really really I'm really running
guys how y'all doing my name is of
course I like to welcome back to another
daily vlog you guys watch as to one of
that still you see what I said at the
start function three thousand three and
an Amazon echo right yet there you go
mate I've learned a bit I don't know why
what do you mean I'll groaning it well
you need a bit taller than me are you
yeah
oh well I'm not sure what's going on
here look at that look oh my god what
what the hell okay JJ hey do you know
bright let's go
so while I'm a Lincoln today having a
numbers with Jordan usual Tuesday
activity
what again for GQ are seeking undertaken
and oh I don't know people Alex starts
being cheeky nandos it's so cringy but
it's just like a joke it's just like a
joke yeah well I think I know oh there
we go for cheap to present to go for a
drink espresso instead Boston and
Lincoln going to knit to the coffee
house that I'm doing wisely in store for
next month and just make sure that all
the equipment I have bought will cover
the whole of the cuffing our god
professional with all this make sure you
you know you could smoke a satisfied and
that is pretty much my plan for the day
let's go CG the thing is you're either
feeling the cheeky pronto or you're
feeling a cheeky nandos because
yesterday I was feeling a cheeky wagga
moment it just doesn't work you should
never really say to you key but you can
kind of get away with it when you go
into numbers in a milkshake I'm gonna
have a mars bar Milky Way we white
chocolate chip and golden syrup try to
go in the gym and keep it yeah
I'm not going to strip shop
so these are the conditions of which I
have to work in while doing this as this
is what angel coffeehouse am doing going
to at the moment a little Netgear router
which is just sat there doing well
absolutely nothing really
Oh up here look at me and oh my god I'm
going to come in here in like two weeks
okay call me a girl but I'm not a fan of
spiders don't really like them and I've
already seen three and I've been up
there about two seconds full of walls
all them before like it all just looks
so odd years this is all going to set on
fire I've been a good job it's at least
my I do need to get rid of these cobwebs
because I'm not doing that later angel
coffee house I can't wait and sometimes
I install I'm dreading it you can want
to get your scary so my roommate yeah as
a bitch or lie all right aren't I but
vegetable me you can't I said you know I
said boost evocative voice materialistic
yeah Jed I'm really busy to the next few
days so I'm not going to see you until
next week mate so by will do something
next Tuesday
what we haven't had is any packages in a
while we haven't opened any packages in
a while which is a bit of a shame
because the light packages book good
news playstation that's that we message
today answer they're sending something
cool out so that things look forward but
as of tomorrow I'm in London for a
fairly long time we're looking at G this
thing yeah this is actually what I got
my girlfriend Maria for Christmas these
are called Clara Bella bags and only 500
of them made in the world and this is
number 382 I got all myself because
they're fairly limited and it's got my
car in it and it's got 30 on it as he
told them he tells them what to pawn it
or what you want and then this girl
called Clara does the design now it's
not very boy thing now but their own
limited edition so yeah you won't see me
out with it in town but I do have one
first people have one well I think the
Kardashians have got them and stuff like
that like weird just famous women have
them so idly opportunity to get what I
got off the Maria and for myself just
because I've got them to a good price t
well they get on me is our picture I've
got picture me and her armor is massive
dog but as we're being a good friend I
am I'm donating this to G they you can
have it right now so she can able to
show you these don't forget your
controller here mate right there you go
what we're going to do right is I'm
going to go in jerry-rigged these LEDs
to Jordan Corsa yeah do it little
project yeah let's go
I'd like to light it up
oh yeah is it this is this going on for
real
oh jeez are you so cool that was wicked
you can have a change in color come is
when it's blue people are going to think
it's the police following in because
that really stands out me it really does
stand out it's powered underneath by a
USB battery pack so we're gonna have to
try and hardwire into the car some not
sure quite how you shift remember much
about that may you guys put yours in
outlook so whilst Julie had his car
pulled in here I have my car pulled in
here and I've just been like detailing
the front of it with this right here not
sure if I have been doing anything but
we've had this microfiber cloth and I've
just been you know making a nice and
shiny because it is raining outside just
a little bit so I'll folder in here give
it one second
there is Project lemon ice am i stopping
doing my car and I'm going to help you
put some things up in your room right
yeah what we need to drill there's a
drill I get much get note that will take
the whole box upstairs and I'll take
this I will resume cleaning you soon
right okay well we put anything yeah you
get the drill out and help you brother
right so this is your first mirror and
you bought some lights um yeah a little
cool if we made you a setup like a
gaming setup oh yeah alright then we've
got a notice board right well let's put
this notice board up first I'm showing
this is cool I want one of these
cryogenic video what I'm going to do is
put this up on the wall you can tell me
where you want it about that I want it
that way yeah you like that okay all
right now the big mirror your that's
disease before and like waking up so
this is easier likely you chose these
into each other - yeah I need what we do
is put around your mirror well I put
another you've got a quad you made it
fun with you yeah
even bitch oh my god ah let's put your
lights up turn the main lights up look
ready oh wow come on sound hey Jacob
this is cool this is looking at this
lady is that cool how sweet isn't it but
choice broke said he chose this in
selfies like seven years old clean yes
there we go three hours finish to clean
the blow it is windy and they stopped
cleaning the car laughs actually one in
the cart wasn't dirty or polished it
I've had paint polish on the front of
the car so you can kind of see it like
shining now so I cleaned all the handles
all the inside has been hoovered down
looking sweet obviously when I'm going
to London and a way to Barcelona I'm not
going to be using my car
and it would kill me to leave it dirty
so you guys car or clean where else we
done help my brother towards his little
goal of a little setup because you want
to end up building something like this
and I said mate probably not just yet
like I'm super looking forward to
installing at the angel coffee house in
about two weeks even though I'm even I'm
scared of spiders and you guys saw the
state of that place at they're not too
good it looks like in two weeks time
everything is going to go well car clean
seen Jordan angel coffee house ticked
off been to the gym recorded a cool vlog
I'm about to get in the shower and
currently I'm FaceTime with my
girlfriend though she's not here at the
moment she's just gone somewhere it's me
I appreciate it and I'm just about to
put my train ticket to top gear this
Thursday oh oh hey you're back also when
I'm washing the car wash Matt blank so
annoying right I'm going to go to town
and I'm not going to ending this vlog
when I get back into this room in a few
hours I'm going to attempt to end it
right drunk okay if I meant to do this
this should work drunk Alex in three two
one
hey there you guys I remember to do it
drunk Alex is a success right now I
think I'm hogs in have been like
a little bit intoxicated before
absolutely brilliant they're going out I
really enjoy humming like a load of
subscribers I actually met the dude
right he was in the club the guide sold
me the TV right for part 1 of doing
during the office building the ultimate
office he told with a TV encouraged he
was there man - right so you guys have
been awesome guys failed to keep smiling
I'll catch you in mars-1 I love your
faces
