okay you play some Dillon Francis good
morning guys how are we all doing my
name is Alex
7:59 a.m. as I told you guys in a vlog a
few days ago I have an extremely busy
week this week gonna be finding it very
hard to vlog but I still am going to be
vlogging this Thursday I was meant to be
doing some head shots taking some head
shots of some of my clients had to
cancel on those because I'm down at top
gear on Thursday I've got a meeting
today to go and reschedule all of these
head shots that I'm doing I've left my
meeting notes at the office I turn it
back there then get Toby up then go for
my meeting
this crumpled piece of paper is
literally all I need to complete office
table this morning that's it this is why
I bear paper is why I had to get up
early this morning I brought this with
me to the office yesterday evening and I
should have taken it home it's got all
my notes on it for today's meeting
so my good friend Toby was over at my
house last night we didn't actually have
Domino's we just played a lot of League
of Legends as I told you guys my time
when Toby comes to mind is my downtime
is where I try not think about work and
overload myself cuz trust me I've done
it to myself a few times and I've spoke
to people that have done it to
themselves a few times overloading
yourself due to stress from work is a
really horrible Amazon echo 420 you can
follow that brand name for that price
quit meeting now I'm just realized my
rode mic is actually broken so if you
can't hear me then this vlog is totally
gonna be a no-go alright quit meeting
and I'm gonna regroup with Toby
Toby's got a slight obsession with my
camera it's a funny story actually Toby
and I were talking this morning about
possibly bringing a new series to the
main channel not where we do YouTube
ourselves but actually we're doing a few
of my friends setups Toby kicking it off
well at that table tonight yeah you got
a camera shouting it's the terms of
who's gonna send me some pictures we set
up so I can sort of like the size it up
and see what we wanted to go to Ikea get
a little desk by build like a new
computer and skip him out make a video
on it
because yours is what for boom Toby what
is computer over four years ago and all
he really wants to do is play League of
Legends and it says he keeps getting
framerate drops so we need to sort that
out so we're gonna redo this guy so
Chris oh man
well I see you guys tomorrow night due
for leftovers in a bit just arrived home
as the Sun setting one awesome work
filled and eventful day I've had today
sweet guys all back for the evening
yesterday's bug all up low did we hit
some bad traffic on the way back from
Lincoln so I had to delay yesterday's
vlog to half past 6:00 then 6:00 o'clock
you guys really didn't seem to mind
though with these daily vlogs I'm fairly
on point with my 6:00 p.m. every single
day upload schedule I don't really miss
it and I don't really ever complain
about being ill unless I am really ill
but guys honestly what do you think
about me doing this series on Mars bars
right what do you think now I've got a
video on Mars bar coming up this Friday
night and obviously I've got the
ultimate live Jimmy room to do too but
imagine going round to Toby's house and
redoing his setup coz Toby's told me
that he has a very small desk which
means one thing we're gonna need to do
this a single monitor setup so maybe a
nice Ottawa God a nice ultra-wide or
something make it look as simplistic and
beautiful as possible maybe even maybe
even try to do it on a budget I've had
the idea for a long time about going
around and redoing other youtubers
setups I've been trying to will any
about them what would you guys would you
guys think that will be something cool
that we could do on on the main channel
maybe a two-part of thing one where we
go over all the parts that we're gonna
use in the second video where we just go
install it in one day we get other parts
put them in my car drive round and just
install it with a friend whoever it
might be and then imagine if this kicks
off coming around and doing subscriber
setups right this is this is what we
could do here this is what we could do
here I would honestly be like me doing
like a prize drawer or something or
maybe a giveaway I'll come round to one
of your guys houses you've got to be in
the UK obviously I'll redo your setup
you don't have to pay a dime it's
literally like me giving away I'm gonna
do it guys drop a like rating on the
video if you think this could be a good
idea and you'd like and you'd like it to
happen
right I think I'm meeting jet at the
office right I've arrived at the office
what I'm gonna try and do I think Jed's
meant for meeting me here so what I'm
gonna try and do is shock him I'm gonna
hide behind this corner he's literally
sent me a text two minutes ago saying
he's in Newark right now he should be
coming soon various various quick
conky it's about 11:00 p.m. roads are
clear
oh my god Jen and I have finished tech
flow so we're just gonna come out he
just on his rollerskates we're just
gonna go around bomb around town
so a comment on my vlog yesterday when I
went out actually like all I did was put
this board on charge in the vlog and
someone commented and they said Alex all
you did in this vlog and they broke down
why didn't the vlog and they mentioned
put your fake boosted board on charge
right
it's an electric skateboard it's awesome
I don't be so boring I'm not gonna spend
1000 pounds on a skateboard that has a
motor in it when I can get one for half
the price yeah don't be so materialistic
bother me ball so massive shout-out to
the notification squad the snapchat
squad the Instagram squad who don't have
an occasion to turn on and you want them
on just clip a little bell and I put a
little button and you'll have
notifications turned on you get a
notification when I upload a vlog every
day so it's like if we get quite
annoying though because I do upload
every every single day the cool cool
thing enjoyed it
this board is cool yeah we need food now
