good morning guys and welcome to my
Sunday is currently eight 257 a.m. now
I'm going to try and take a certain type
of photo I've seen someone's supposed to
an Instagram and I want to try and do
the same sort of thing it's a really
really really cool idea where you put
something in place of it and you sort of
rub out your body you guys will see what
I'm trying to do in a second but to do
it well I need a I need a branch and
luckily I'm sort of surrounded by them
that I'll do I get a lot of questions
actually I've got a lot of questions you
guys saying that Alex why do you come
out and take photos and stuff like why
do you make the effort and stuff I find
it really entertaining I love to try and
come in like push push the boundaries
out myself
for myself like for example some guy
commented on my Instagram pictures of
the day and he said Alex great photo but
why the inspirational caption and the
caption says something along the lines
of self-improvement
always battle yourself and the caption
was very true to the image because it
was one of the ones where I was still
holding the smoke I didn't want in my
bathroom and it was my first attempt it
wasn't very good I did one with some
Swift with the red smoke and it was so
much better I think what the key is here
is don't improve because others want you
to improve improve because you want to
improve so this is my shot right what
I'm going to do is take a photo of this
without me stood there and then I'm
gonna stand here and then what I'm gonna
do is hold this tree branch up like this
across my body right and then what I'm
gonna do is erase everything underneath
me with the shot I took before when I'm
not there and then it'll look like I'm
floating above the tree how cool is that
okay here's the photo without me there
here's the photo with me
and then here's the photo that's been
edited to make it look like I'm floating
got it cool hopefully that looked good
if not I'll come back and revisit it
another day I just thought I'd do it on
this well not very bright Sunday morning
while everybody else is in bed I'm gonna
go ahead and charge up the electric
skateboard because I'm gonna be going
out on this a bit later with Jed and I
think the battery is just totally gone
yeah it's got one bar left go ahead and
plug this bad boy in I just come back
into my bedroom because I want to switch
lenses who's that my artist he farts he
lends to a wide-angle lens right let's
go to the office it's really dark in
here Alexa turn on the light that's
better all right let's talk about let's
talk about my job for a minute it's the
sudden nature vlog today so we've got
some time to talk so there are a lot of
videos recently where I've been
addressing what you guys have been
saying to me in the comment section down
below and as I've already stated
numerous times the comments section down
below is a little bit mental I've been
recently replying to you guys roasting
me asking you guys to roast me in the
comments and I've also been replying to
a lot of comments that I get you know
more frequently than other comments
right don't whine - this time last year
right this was me good morning guys how
are we all doing my name it is of course
I later so go get this a little bit on
the down low for just days of filming
that was exactly this day last year
right that was exactly this day that
last year I know she's changed you know
I'm a year older you guys that watched
that video last year and are still
watching this one you're a year older -
things change I need to talk about my
job a lot in my videos
I used to always make it my goal to say
like this is what this is what I'm
ambitious for then in that time I got a
lot more people watching my youtube
videos yeah this time last year core on
my three channels I probably had 600,000
subscribers if you combine the three and
now I've almost got one and a quarter
million if you combine all three like
things got real fast not as fast as it
goes for some people but it went pretty
fast for me
and it got that real but I almost had to
push my ambition my main goal of my
business to decide believe it or not
right when I started out this YouTube
channel doing these daily vlogs this
wasn't what I wanted to do this was just
something I wanted to do for fun and I
thought to myself and I thought myself
every day I need to get up and make move
myself one step further than I was
yesterday and I thought what's the best
way to do that and as Casey said when he
started he started the daily vlog to
make him do things to make him get up to
make him leave the house and that was
the main reason I started no this past
year yes I've been focusing a lot more
on YouTube but I still have been
expanding what I've been doing right
I've been cluding a look a little bit
into the blogs I've used to talk about
it a lot and I think people found it
really interesting judging on you know
the videos I did talk about it ages ago
you guys wouldn't like to be talking
about it before so I thought today so I
thought today chill out vlog on a Sunday
let's chat about my job so let's kick
things off I own a company called Mars
media I am the director of that company
and no one else works for this company
just me now I actually have a website
which hasn't been updated in about half
a year so it's kind of irrelevant but
it's got to the stage now where I don't
really need a website to advertise my
work and this is what I want to explain
to you guys first off I'll explain what
I actually do to a main part of my job
involves film which is why I have such a
nice camera which I also record these
vlogs on yes I know it's totally
overkill filming vlogs with a 3,000
pound camera I know that I didn't buy
this camera to film
I bought it for my company the first
thing I do is fill promotional video on
wedding video primarily last year I used
to do a lot of drone work but then the
new laws are built in you guys know
about that I'm trying to get my drone
license but I have filmed weddings and I
have filmed my all-time famous which you
guys know and love the angel coffeehouse
promotional video
and Mars media also owns its own ISP
now if you learn or ISP stands for it
stands for Internet service provider
you're probably watching this video
through the internet obviously so you'll
be using an Internet service provider
these are things like eo2
Talk Talk BT Verizon Google Fiber that's
an ISP yes I own one of them so be it
yes it's only a small one with three
clients by still provide Internet to
three people right around my house and
the way I do this is the people that
live around where where my house is what
we live in the myth of absolutely
nowhere so through the major service
providers like tor torque and BT and
Verizon and all these people we don't
get fast speeds so why did was I
invested in an extreme amount of money
into getting a superfast fiber
connection to my house which is my own
connection I can do as I pleased with it
and I have a dish on top of my house
which I then beam my internet to my
neighbor's via like two dishes view and
I have three very very very satisfied
customers I think I've set them up in
the last half a year and I haven't had
one complaint literally haven't had a
complain it's great because my internet
service provider the people that buy
Internet off me they pay per month and
that is what it's called
recurring income so I've set it up in
that income from one person to person
three person is going to come in every
single month without me having to do
anything that's what we call recurring
income and then if I get a wedding or
I've got emotional video to shoot that
is just income is not recurring it's
just random but what I mean about me not
having to have a website anymore is
absolutely brilliant I get a lot of
these questions all the time well it's
simple right you start out doing work
for free this has taken me years to put
together by the way to get to around
this is taken absolutely years I studied
film and media in college over two years
ago for two years start out by doing
free work right and if these people like
your free work they'll ask for more work
word of mouth spreads what you do so I
did this free video right for the angel
coffeehouse which is one of my most
proudest pieces of work and I did it for
free right that has got me so
I'm actually going back to the angel
coffeehouse next month to do them a new
public wireless network install you see
so so from that free work that I did for
that company back in the day two or
three years ago when I did it has now
led onto some paid work which I'm doing
next month about a two or three year gap
right these things they don't happen
fast it doesn't happen overnight and
that's where I think people really slip
up they have a brilliant amount of Drive
for a very short amount of time they
don't get anywhere with it and then they
give up don't think just go
right I'm gonna head home because it's
Sunday and I fill out take some photos
and I want to go and edit them I'm
itching to get this done right hey guys
look check this out you ready so here's
the photo talk earlier and apparently
run manual focus there we go three two
one boom look at that I am floating that
is what I was trying to do oh my god it
looks so cool man haha yeah go out with
an idea I have no idea if the idea is
going to work on up but you've just got
it what I said earlier don't think just
go there we go a button number five back
on it is the fifth day of the gym if I
go in the gym now and get that ticked
off that's two weeks in a row we've been
to the gym or done some exercise five
times a week that's pretty good going
let's try a spin instead there we go
