what's going on everybody the positive
starts when I asked you guys a quick
question right who watches YouTube
videos in 4k do you have a fast enough
internet connection for 4k do you even
have a 4k monitor this video is being
shot in 4k on my a7s mark to this
massive self right here and I'm also
going to edit and upload it in 4k let me
know if you think it's not worth a whole
on a minute wait a minute do I even
leave this Co on today Alexa what's the
weather like you know I'm going to risk
it for a chocolate biscuit I'm not
taking it with you mission so with this
big knife
you probably think Alex what the hell
are you doing with that don't worry it's
no way it looks like I'm not going to
hurt myself or do anything stupid big
knives is actually for cooking pasta
balls but I'm going to be using it to
cut up this cable trunking and what's
the cable choking for you may ask well
are you guys super happy that we did the
LED strip behind here URL yeah Alex why
don't you do this before so now that's
done but you guys as you always do
found something to pick on before you
know Alex how do you do such an amazing
job at this but then just just just just
leave all of it
here well
we man all the LEDs around softboxes are
on all cable managed up the back of this
pillar looking absolutely sweet I've
even painted the cable trunking now put
in those brown and matches the wooden
stump this is amazing
and by the way guys none of that was
planned
honestly just be spontaneous ya know the
super proud with that now that's wicked
I've also got as far as to put both the
remote receivers together so when you
turn it off it turns both of the strips
off at the same time and turns them on
because the remote receivers are
together and we want to get some home
automation plugs for them no so they
come on and off when our theory to do it
you guys have left me loaded in the
comments I need to go back and have a
look to see what you guys have said that
is looking sweet what's left to do now
is tidy up
anyway guys love got that off my chest
and glad hopefully now you guys have got
nothing to comment about me not doing
things right published or done something
wrong according to you guys the thousand
other ways I could have done it isn't
there guys yeah yeah anyone in the room
is being started next next we which has
come around faster faster than I store
trying desperately to pick up the health
game you guys know it's been like my
ongoing mission right every night you
guys pick up on absolutely everything I
tell you guys I'm going on like a health
machine to try and get you know like
really fit and healthy but then you take
me Alex your Samba Domino's and none day
and yeah I'd take your point but I can't
give that up so I've got this protein
shake thing and then this thing I've got
to find some time today to also go in
the gym so I shouldn't have on my hair
I've activated the full speed mode on
this board and honestly it gets a little
bit scary at times I need to get used to
it before using that the ring of Kamat
red is because I have a go on the board
I was not have a little chat with you
guys about my week next week because
it's it's fairly to put it lightly it's
fairly mad everything's fairly normal up
until up until Wednesday Wednesday night
if things go to plan top gear top gear
are actually sending me down to London
but some subscribers over there playing
pool at my local bar and they're all
waving at me can you be in the vlog say
hi yeah so yeah it took you sending me
down to London on Wednesday night and
then on Thursday I might be going around
Top Gear's racetrack with the Stig
is it called the Stig and like loads of
cool cars and then on Friday and then on
Friday there's a YouTube party at the
YouTube space in London and then
Saturday
I'm flying off to Barcelona for
something I'm not going to tell you guys
what it's about yet as you can tell my
weekend is mad
ah just come home and birthday why are
you doing Blackie
oh you're just the best because you'll
say I love him so much right the guys I
think I figured out something right one
of my mates is currently testing out for
me right now and he's going to get back
to me in the next few hours and tell me
if it all works and if it does right
it will allow anybody to use Amazon
Alexa and experience what having an
Alexa is like on their phone or on their
Mac right think I'm pretty much the
first youtuber to bring this to anyone
or even shows it you can do this
Alexa how are you doing I'm great I hope
you are too even if you don't have an
Alexa for free right on your phone first
off honey I'm fine
I like to start first off I need to see
if it works first I've got someone
testing it for me I've gone ahead and
ran both of these during feeling
energetic now I was going to go and have
a gym session because to complete what
I'm calling my perfect week I need to be
in the gym five times a week which means
I need to be in today and tomorrow to
complete the week but Jordans just rang
me and he told me there's a car meet up
or something that he wants to go to and
he's asked if I can go with him
I've never done a car meet up before I
have no idea what it's going to be like
yeah means you're going to go to a car
meet up now and I'll try and vlog it a
little bit I don't watch gave me like oh
my god babies absolutely mad this is mad
Oh picture on the police have turned up
so everybody's leaving they were doing
drag races and everything like down the
thing I did a snapshot of it I'll put it
on screen now
so I'm not really sure what's happening
right now there's a load of little cars
pulling into this car Paula how much
this is an awesome VXR next to us look
at the more pulling its mate that was
sick one of the best things I've done in
a while I couldn't it was amazing
all right gonna bet favorite late thanks
for that Norris guys that was so awesome
I did manage to capture any footage on
my camera because they didn't want to
take my camera out not the sort of
audience there that would appreciate
that I don't think maybe I'm not sure
they were doing some super illegal and
dodgy stuff like they were doing racing
on the roads have to change the location
two times because police get coming down
really weird but it was just crazy to
see how these people how seriously these
people took it like modifying their cars
to the extreme I saw one guy with an
insane sound system or trumpets and
pictures on screen now I think I took a
little video of it you have like four
speakers in the door and map is stood in
the boot and it will all race in down
down the art is amazing and everywhere
and everyone knows like really nice
asking about people's cars and the
modifications has been doing it's a
massive community so I opened my eyes to
what are you how much of a big community
is out there right okay and look about
that that was really cool I need to go
for a run there we go
I'm really not in the mood for this but
we've got to get a perfect week three
and off miles 807 pace hi guys what is
Dave some Hall completed oh wow I'll
tell you what while you're here Jed I'm
actually going to I'm actually talking
about something no it's always gonna
blow your mind you know what I tell you
is gonna play your mind you oh my god
this is this is going to blow your mind
honestly is going to blame I swear down
right my friend I've got to work on that
he's just sent me the link you sent me
out you sent me while I was running and
I thought yes finally I can do a video
on there but I've downloaded it I
downloaded it already right it's an app
you can get right and I think it's only
for iPhones and math I'm not interested
but you might have to get it on Android
I don't know it's still still really
really really really cool I've
downloaded it so you don't have an
Amazon a lexer home dear nice bit of
cool travel minute yeah you can just get
an app and it literally is Alexa get
ready and it even links in with my house
turn off stone lamp
okay at first I turned up but it is just
Amazon Alexa on your phone you can
Afghan girl you ready right running up
with me I'm here ready not you look so
pretty much it's just a thing and you
hold it down so you could say and it
literally is Alexa how are you doing
Alexa I'm good
I hope so you guys can have a lexer
right and mess about with it without
even having one judge just unloaded it
onions I'm only feeling harvest cool
that doesn't compare to that
I like the Pens like why wouldn't
everything always look better on an
iPhone that has clothes at the end of
its paws and a comma is a pause at the
end of the class what that is it's
Amazon Alexa on your phone and I'm
pretty sure you can get it on desktop as
well for your PC turn on all the lights
this is some work ready
come on go on a double come on guys let
me know how you are living you've had a
good day or not let me know what you
know what you've done today you've just
seen my date I want to know about yours
I see I know guys I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog I love your faces
oh yeah
