I'm again here you're going to get in
your car we're going to drive park
somewhere then you can get in my car
and then we'll go into town good morning
guys how are y'all doing my name is of
course Alice and welcome back guys to
another daily vlog going off today game
for a quick bit of lunch with ragin up
on the board yeah doing it oh my god the
carpark is absolutely round it wasn't a
crush or something
oh this isn't good a car negative all
advice to BBC and I've also gotta edit
yesterday's vlog oh no this is a dilemma
oh no improving the good idea in the car
for a sheet will give me lately no point
in me trying to get home because it's
obviously look on the second level of
the carpark
they're all just wasting 100 specials up
in here anyway look the only way it will
come to the top of the carpark kotoba
can have a go
30 state a plane with boosted board
almost not boosted Bobby sir OSHA
skateboard thing says there's no point
in leaving the carpark because
something's happened on the road and I
don't even know if we're going to get
back to finish editing yesterday's vlog
or not but like everything you've always
just got to make the most of it
which is not get out of here quick
update 50 minutes later and says the
carpark we're just about made it outside
laughs to him down at company nothing
and then a complaint on the on the top
there and harmony is there one two three
well those like a half a quarter and
which ones what to go through them so
that is red velvet that is a rhesus one
that is rhesus you know that peanut
Buster recent wrinkles caramel salted
caramel Dover that one reminds you the
Simpsons this one here right this will
mine oh my god
I haven't finished editing my video yet
smokey both go get what spicule I don't
know leave it that thank you very much
so many all home edited yesterday's
video and got it uploaded didn't let his
snapchats let everybody know that it was
live the traffic on the way home was was
an absolute nightmare now I'm going to
do a little bit of filming for about an
hour or so with the BBC
so until then prime up okay I'll send it
I'm gonna receive a FaceTime call in a
minute right I've got this shirt on back
to front I literally had to destroy my
setup and this is the shot that's going
to be going I'm going to be sending two
to the BBC for them sir this is so cool
why this is such a cool opportunity hey
guys there we go guys finish that
recording for well the BBC this pilot
that I'm doing well we're doing is
honestly so cool and I'm so happy that
like I'm a part of this pretty much what
I'm doing is I'm giving two teenage
bloggers some tips on how to on how to
vlog does that make sense what we've
done is I've just facetimes the two boys
right now they've had a big camera
recording there and recording them and
I've had this camera my camera recording
me my n so we're going to use this is
like the main shot as if it's like a
live video chat between me and them and
I'm sat at my house and they're where
they are this is who I destroyed my I've
had to like wrecked everything right you
guys from a standpoint probably can't
see what's actually changed wait a
minute let me change this lens to a to a
much wider lens to click this on yeah
I'm at some point you probably can't see
what's changed so if you look closely
every single bit of tech in this room
right how's black tape right right
absolutely everything has black tape on
it
even my KL cage right and you know what
else has even a Mazama to push things
out the boat a little bit more you guys
always always give me slack well I'll
say this right now once you get over
200,000 subscribers on your YouTube
channel
sent him down below he's just built with
99% of the time after the videos been
uploading for a day absolute rubbish
what the top comments don't mean
anything other than just slagging off
like the produce group the video or
something that they've done wrong and
you guys all right you guys you may only
allow some of the things you guys saving
me last so we're going to I you need to
buy some new clothes but you're always
wearing suits Isis clothes right and now
I'm pushing the bow out even more
because this top is far too tight for me
and look at this right I've got it on
back to front because you're not allowed
to have any like label or anything on
the clothes and there were like make
sure you wear it like a plain t-shirt at
least we don't have any plain t-shirts
that don't have some sort of design on
them so I found this black shirt with
this on the back and I'm literally
wearing it I look like a girl I've got
it on back to front
as far as you type for me I've been
going to throw it out be fair though you
guys know I do like I do like tight
clothes like it's not me buying clothes
that are too small by accident a lot I
generally like tight clothes like
although all my jeans that I wear are
all skinny fit jeans or slim fit jeans
baggy clothes are for relaxing and I
don't like to relax
I don't like searching idiot without
black top on got a nice big baggy top on
for you guys now right Friday evening
what a let's go Friday evening go to the
offeree
so come on either there are talking
about the comment about the ones that
actually that's all the toxic comments
that Alex you wear ridiculously tight
places but some new clothes didn't as by
closer toward pavilion a full one
covered today that had like a hundred
and eleven likes or something ridiculous
and it was like just some dude totally
just ripping into me and he was focusing
on the fact that I lie about sent me
saying that how the emails to do and I
probably only replying to one or two
emails and I come and say right I've
been commanded to delve into it
literally how ridiculous do I sound
thing that just going to shower easy
because the comment is that replying to
all people should honestly it makes me
laugh so much guy wrote me in the
comment and Maddie what I paid nine
pound for at the post office yesterday
it would be USB cable
right now micro USB lightning and USB
see really the nine thousand milliamp is
a nine thousand milliamp hour battery
with it with a tile in it ok this is a
tile in it so you press the button on
here it's going to play a tune and then
place the know my power file next to
your phone act amazing tile I've never
used one of these this world rather the
record this cable is absolutely sweet
this Powerbank all is the power bank
this is an example of what we've got a
certain bit of technology that can't
really go any further right a power bank
is a power bank and now all companies
are trying to do is trying to make their
power banks you need by putting silly
things like tiles in them right but this
is innovation this is putting a tire
than their power banks and sake of it so
who loses a power bank quick thing as
well a lot of you guys can actually see
that there that was in box
445 get it two emails I clean now
yesterday
so yes values like legitimately how many
emails I get on my email address and
honestly right I'll be honest with you
guys probably probably about 20 20 20
maybe 30 are actually emails are
replacing a lot of the widgets come and
get deleted and a lot of them are just
like but it's my business email so it's
like a lot of like I don't know like
where people that just don't want works
emailing me asking for work and seeing
how much they what I want to charge them
and just random stuff like that
yeah no reason took me that long
probably takes me I don't know maybe 15
20 minutes to do all those emails mostly
three made it back home now guys yeah I
made it home cable right it's going to
be absolutely perfect for the travel bag
I'm going to put it in here now so I
don't forget can literally take out
those three cables and just put this one
in right Friday night get my perfect
week of exercise I've got to do
something tonight tomorrow and Sunday
I'm going to go for a quick run this is
going to kill me I've been burning to
you here okay go for a run mate keep the
house safe so you guys cross off day
number three now it's got to be in the
gym tomorrow and Saturday no Saturday
and Sunday and then we're good to go
guys my calendar next week is fairly
mental okay fairly mental I'm hopping on
a plane and doing a load of other crazy
things I'll talk about it a bit more in
tomorrow as well because there is a lot
and we're at the end of this vlog now
guys let me know don't we do some sort
of tutorial some sort of tutorial about
the cinemagraphs pictures that I've been
doing in other ones of proponents coming
and moving things let me know if you'd
like do more stuff on that and I'll try
my best you guys but anyway might as
March guys you guys have been awesome
guys tails and keep smiling I've got
some deep a thing to do and I'll see you
in tomorrow's vlog
ah
