so last few days I've been hammering on
to you guys about the idea of the
perfect way to wake up and get yourself
ready for the day I've added music to
that list Jed
say hi to the vlog we're coming in a
minute so it's about midday right now
it's been a very busy morning last night
I was actually out doing a little bit of
urban exploring abandoned building
exploring I didn't take my camera with
me I just did it without my camera to
see what it was like I may revisit it if
you guys like that drop her like so
therefore I didn't get yesterday's vlog
edited last night I had to edit it this
morning and I've also been doing some
light interviews with the BBC this
morning as well which has been really
fun I was actually up straight in the
shower I haven't eaten or anything yet
or had a coffee because I've been
working all morning it feels like I've
been working a full day already it's
been non-stop I need a coffee
so boys and girls I do very much just
think that this is it in here so I'm
going to open it straight away and I
think yeah it is it is an it would be
this here we go yes they've arrived
smoke pellet instructions use in a
well-ventilated area well we didn't do
that yesterday did we know the first
thing set on fire when we tried to make
the smoke bomb yesterday I didn't think
it at the time because that was too
focused on trying to get this massive
fireball that was made coming out of
here out the window but when I was
looking back on it on anything I was
like wow there was a lot of fire there I
thought that was dangerous so yes
yesterday was more of a test now the
proper smoke bombs have arrived I can I
can do this properly love to jet to the
office take flow day hey Siri call the
gates
sweet a few hours of past tech flow
videos are recorded manager called to
tech phone videos were recorded to last
week we've got what pretty much set for
the next week week weeks now as far as
tech folks concerned which is absolutely
brilliant I need to figure out what I
can actually do do with all this he
really tied that away but there it is
looking sweet even the daytime you can
still see that the blue hue that they're
leaving on the wall super happy with
that
the violence
you come back to mind for a bit yeah
that's where my postman hates me and
nothing one of those cards that said
I've got something I need to go and pick
up because I wasn't in I clearly AM in
the house and I've got a ring doorbell
as well all right this one no I've had
to I've got a pay to get it or something
I'm definitely being scammed
I have no idea what that is or what I've
just played 11 pound for here again it's
very very very very dark you probably
can't see it oh my god it works that
quite well with this so we're going to
try and do another one of these
cinemagraphs here at night with some red
smoke that we got earlier all right it's
recording where's on manual focus you
might need to punch in if I stand right
here and I hold it there
obviously the smokes gonna go out it
sounds super still like that
thankfully tomorrow yeah see you
tomorrow
but it's in a bit so hopefully those
photos turned out really good my grandma
and grant that are down there cuz we've
had to well I'm in a massive rush about
to rush all the way to Nottingham
because I've got a meal it's my cousin's
birthday so we're all meeting right if I
use your meeting place called Antoniou
and it's great because because I'm
absolutely stop
I'd you did dad dim no all right mom you
know and I was back at like 10,000 subs
yeah I would it akyuu an 18 way alright
I've got three channels now to combine
it it's over a million subscribers right
do you think we could do another Q&A we
could but not this minute no no no no no
no now I need to ask questions first
agree to ask questions but would you be
okay with doing that I would yes right
okay all right ask questions on Twitter
with a hashtag what was it my gosh Ted
Mars is more something add it now don't
do Twitter at say can you I don't know I
just do you hashtag miles moments me
neither
and awesome questions tonight before the
one hour before that today you're not
answering the questions you know I think
the question is does have a point you
know has another question you're not
getting your maze tell you either like
you last time
quit I live in the middle of
absolute nowhere if you didn't know like
it's down like an old horrible rickety
horrible Lane my grandma
then even drive down it so she parks at
the end of it and then I have to walk
down this Lane it's freezing outside and
I've just walked just walked all the way
back these conditions to be walking in
not real anyway I'm back now I'm all
wore right so Russia Tobes is just
downstairs making nicely I think he's
preparing drinks more than more than
making food now that Sunday when Toby
usually comes over yeah it didn't come
over we did some more DIY stat we went
ham with the D I want no we didn't come
last Sunday because because he had work
so yeah we did DIY stuff we didn't
usually do the usual Sunday mail time so
let's commence Sunday mail time what
should I think but we'll start with the
red one I absolutely love doing these
it's not my favorite thing to do like
once a week is my favorite thing someone
has made this wait a minute I think you
owe me to sign it if my name is Thomas
Brook Shore and I'm from Yorkshire in
the UK but what's your telling for over
a year now and I want to say that you're
such an inspiration to millions of
others you've inspired me to take what
take up photography which is one of my
day-to-day hobbies now and possibly the
new future I would love to set up a
YouTube channel to upload my content it
would be awesome to be able to reach the
amount of success you've had thank you
for taking the time to read this and
I'll greatly appreciate if you could
sign that's what I thought signed the
attached little picture that he's done
here dude I got a pen I'm gonna sign it
and then I'll leave this over here
tomorrow I'll put it in my car and the
next time I Drive past the postbox
hopefully I remember to put it in for
you mate
hopefully you receive it Alex Reid on
camera keep up the good work you're my
favorite youtuber from it didn't put his
name thanks for the message
