run outside and what's going on where's
Mikey oh it's Jordan I don't make hello
Ali it's also a dog here I've got some
explaining today so I've got a little
bit of explaining today right number one
why is wise Jordan here well because he
doesn't have work today so I said that
he could come to mining we could we
could hang out number two I like what
have you has delivered this morning and
what have you just been bought well it
it's all of this stuff here it's kind of
complicated to explain but this is the
setup that I'm doing for the angel
coffee house I'm doing there free Wi-Fi
Seng install yeah ensure that's the
brains that's the router that gives off
Wi-Fi so I've been setting that up to
the last one hour and a half now we're
going to go have some fun
this is going to work I'm not sure if it
work we're so happy oh yeah I've also
got I always play mine's a dog here and
we're dog sitting for the weekend
so G what do you have for breakfast in
the morning I know she's broke
you know how breakfast today is one of
the most important meals of the day I
had this morning I've got out a plate
and I put on that I put on now I think I
put on that some grapes and then I put
some I'll pull this on there and then
have a coffee and they say that
breakfast yeah it's meant to start the
day so it's important meal of the day
I'm in the process right I'm in the
process of putting together best way to
start your day video and I'm trying to
think of the good foods to eat in the
morning by an all-round good food to
have every morning chuckling you know
that's the wife said gee I'm not sure if
this is gonna work me yeah it could be
dangerous it's fairly dangerous okay I'm
gonna give you guys a bit of a hint
right all of what we're doing right now
is to take one single photo
right okay let's go okay oh that and I
forget it normal yeah so I see this look
I've just come home like look at all
these like little kisses outside my
house like it's just weird none like
just invading the privacy on a massive
level have been that any doesn't they're
so right we've got these ping pong balls
and we're going making something with
these in aids to take a photo right now
we're not really taking a photo
well we're going to be taking a photo
under video and merging the two things
together to create what's called a
cinemagraph now photoshop I've been
advertising this on Instagram massively
recently and I've always wanted to give
it a go and to make them work or to make
them effective you need a moving object
we're going to be using smoke we're
going to making smoke bombs with these
ping pong balls now I don't have to make
this but Jesus one set to set I've never
done it before there off you go
38:30 yes leave I'm sorry right did it
work yep
without their shall we go there no why
is it producing that much fire and I'll
bet that was a lot of pies I want it
these are hide it I'm not sure but that
was quite a lot of fire came off him
yeah see what the brain put it out in
juvie
didn't rain put out yeah let's put too
many ping-pong balls and bright let's
try this again which is inside here so I
keep it installed for no snow no snow
why didn't it work something's weird a
fireball right take three guys please
don't try this at home this is only
because we're trying to figure out how
to do this rotating I need yours a boy
look sit down tadhana
okay swell everywhere oh my god oh my
god oh my god I just bhisma new sink it
works we're ready for the Kannada photo
oh no res unfortunately outside is
currently raining and it's really done I
didn't plan to do this photo outside of
the is photo shoot outside but because
it's raining we can't we can't do that
so I'm going to try to do a bathroom the
first off I'm going to do a test run
just just by videoing see if this was
right so I made this thing so I can hold
it round round the bottom if I like this
now which is the smoke coming out the
top and I should be able to hold it
there we go whoa that's what we want
yeah amazing
why would you do it good luck Salem
yellow still right here we go
the finished Crudup this is what I'm
going to make me Instagram photo with so
that's going to sit there we're also
going to need whatever happens I was out
here like that and it came out of the
same place
Jordan how's it looking on it I wanted
everything to work so I'm going live on
Instagram first time I have done this
ever never done this before so yeah it's
really cool I might do something more
make sure you follow me on Instagram
it's Alex fro Mars
and yeah you can see my camera there and
then if we swept this thing around wait
we can see the custom thing that Jordan
is just made where is it pop suck it
well in G base when I stay back lectures
I'll see you soon I'll see you later
yeah I see like going to be some later
on tonight off in a bit like this in a
bit here guys check this out like I put
this I'll put the gift on Twitter how
cool is that honestly I don't think it
was going to work anything I might do
for a while because I've seen Photoshop
like promoting it a lot or Instagram
recently well if I like a plane flying
through the air like smoke going over
the wings but everything else is still
except from the smoke it looks awesome
so everybody know how to do it I thought
how can I include smoking it's our world
Jordan built me a smoke bomb and I kind
of made it and I've actually ordered
right go over to Amazon now I'm not sure
when they're going to arrive I actually
ordered them yesterday and that colored
smoke bombs like colored one so I'm not
finished this was just a trial run I'm
going to try and take some better photos
with some colored smoke some proper
stuff instead of trying to make a smoke
instead of trying to make a smoke bomb
out of a ping-pong ball which I would
highly recommend that no one tries to do
because I've almost burnt myself which
was really Shoop they're looking back on
it so anyway guys a little connection
here is all done up for the angel coffee
house we tell you guys know that I've
been planning this this network
we're for the NGO coffee arts for a
while because it's a big one one of the
biggest network with greater than so far
they've got a new edge Rita they've got
a cloud key here and then I've got that
is called a UAP that gives off Wi-Fi and
they've got a guest network so when you
click on the guest network it puts a
splash page up and you have to put the
password in and it has like a nice
picture of the restaurant and the coffee
house and des visitor and it's all
managed with VLANs are no hardly any of
you know what this means
the reason do all this the reason I like
to learn about different things like
networking and videography and I know
quite a lot of different fields cuz I'm
a high believer in the knowledge is
power but one by one I'm trying to get a
grasp on networking I'm trying to get a
grasp on life and I'm trying to get a
grasp on videography and loads of other
things that I'm trying I'm trying to do
and that is why that is why I always
venture out knowledge is power and if
you think an opportunity is going to
benefit you in some way knowledge wise
always take it because knowledge is
power
oh my god I I'm just gonna I'm just
going to time up this
there we go I'm actually got space in
here
tidy server room bye bye hi guys I'm
going to go ahead and then today's vlog
here I do hope you have enjoyed it I
think you have a like rating would be
awesome Henry guys might as well like
you guys been awesome guys Dale's and
keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog I love you fix it oh
yeah whoa whoa whoa wait a minute wait a
minute I'm been in the gym today
sweet there we go I was in there for
over 50 minutes well deserved where's my
power can cross off day two for this
week I love your faces
Oh
