the difference is going to work on I'm
going to have to go and open each blind
and then put it back down again and then
open the next one
right guys welcome to Tuesday we're
going to kick this off right first thing
the annoying me it fell down last night
this thing here go a little bit cable
drinking right here and it's falling off
the wall right once you guys remember
it's glue is temporary the screw is
permanent so we okay notice probably
that's the garage
and we're sorted brilliant a spoiler
cable trunking now we can't go on this
trip without a clean car ready to go
yeah yeah I'm favourite GTI Oh
I'm feeling a bit shaky
what I was saying was that I bit the
bullet put the GoPro on on the outside
of the car all right all right I think
it's a no-go today I think it's a no-go
today
quickl they still tie here and I've had
about well son come up to me and say hi
which is absolutely wicked but it
realize it's actually half term so all
the kids are off to see you in town
identify come and say hi I was against
nineteen corner look check it out we
need to look at the menus going for this
since that burger with Perry fries and
garlic right play game for G although I
have the same thing but I'm going to
have the same thing yeah yeah but that's
what I did mmm-hmm I get a sharing
platter before with just for myself I'm
not that hungry to be honest hmm
finished it numbers by the way guys
happy Valentine's Day
a threesome birthday so what Thank You
angel for a rather lovely beverage I'll
see you soon for a network upgrade my
Abascal
I like to ride my bicycle I like to ride
my bye so if you guys didn't know this
and if then I just been brought to my
attention it seems line to subway right
there's actually a massive lines it's a
way as you can see right here massive
lines to wear right it's because
Valentine's Day you buy a drink in
subway was one pound 20 you get a free
subway free buy a drink free subway
that's why the lines doing that so I
should go and head home now as soon as
we can because the traffic is going to
end up getting really bad but first off
we're going to top of this car park
try and get some cool Instagram photo
may like such a nice shot really yeah
sorry come to my tomorrow yeah right a
little bit right Jay you got work I've
got a meeting now I'm still tomorrow
that's been a bit late at night right
literally just got through the door okay
the guys the guys from BBC CBBC so don't
want to FaceTime me at 25 minutes past
4:00 right okay yeah Jacob Jacob take
this I go and go and drop it I got a day
to drop it off the side drop it up here
go drop drop drop Oh what was that
so we are guys all home now brilliant
game with Jordan and it was great it was
absolutely great to see Jeff haven't
seen him in a while yes the editor he's
actually coming around to mine tomorrow
night we're going to head up to the
office we've got a bun load you guys
make up a word bun load of text low
videos to record that's a new thing now
bun load we've got a bun load of things
to do guys is Valentine's Day today I
hope if you have a girlfriend you've
spent the day with her we've at least
sent her a nice text or if you are a
girl watching with your boyfriend
hopefully you've received a nice text
and you sent him
one as well and if you're married and
watching this well let me know what it's
actually like on Valentine's Day what do
you do prep me for when I got older I
suppose go out for a nice meal or do you
just not do anything quite not in on the
sofa watching TV and for the last one
the people who is single the single
Pringle and I was this time last year
and I remember it to this date I did
absolutely nothing I think I stayed in
watch youtube videos put a film on in a
rubbish load of junk food but do you
have the courage to send anybody a
letter or anything of that sort if you
guys send a letter to someone that you
fancy or you know you kind of like have
you guys done that anyone pluck up the
courage you know what I don't think I
actually ever have done that even when I
was in school I never ever did that
yes I'm such a loser this room needs a
proper sort Outlander sort out all the
stuff down here and it's just like
really messy at the moment I'm just kind
of waiting on the new PC though like I'm
just waiting to get the new PC and still
then I'll try and tidy room I might try
and tidy a little bit later tonight you
still like a bit of groundwork we fix
that this morning because it was kind of
bugging me so that's not going to come
down remember what I said to you a glue
is temporary screws a permanent it's
always stuck with me that as well as
where so it was Katie nice stuff that
said that and everybody says that I've
been right right every time I using glue
this is only going to be temporary a
screw is permanent brilliant phrase to
be honest
the reason I've come out on this this
evening is because Loki I'm trying to
get a little bit better riding this
thing but I was never depicted by the
back gate order ever sliced it was
always or rather me like bad do tricks
so just come up with a point would be
like a little bit quiet in town which
exactly it is right now that's all my
god there's no one about so yeah without
trying to learn how to ride this thing
and try to get more confident with the
speed this thing can go like 25 miles an
hour oh my god arriving the office after
a pretty good sesh I didn't fall off I
didn't a promise right
soon it is Valentine's Day I thought I'd
talk about a topic or question that I
get up far too frequently that I usually
just ignore seen it is Valentine's Day
good talk about it I'm not really 100%
sure where to start because there's
nothing really too out of the ordinary
but maybe it is a little bit I guess
there's two questions I'm going to
answer in this video one of them a lot
of people know on a one of them may be
only a few people know because I've
answered the maybe at a live stream or
the first one Alex why isn't your
girlfriend in your videos more often and
the second question Walter God some name
because you call us so many different
things right mind phony she's called
little puffy I'm not going to explain
but verbally in my videos I've called
her either Maria or Mia I'm not sure why
people found it so hard to understand or
they just didn't get it in the first
place but Mia is just short for Maria
her full name is Maria Mia is a
shortened version if I need it in a
hurry
meter if I'm kind of a conversation with
her I'm like Maria no Alex why she never
in any of your videos right and I would
happily say I don't put her in my videos
but I avoid putting her in my videos
this means that I usually when you
really see her when my vlog has ended so
I see her on evenings not necessarily in
the daytime but if I am doing something
with her in the daytime I attempt not to
put her in the videos right Alex why now
there's not much on the internet that
you guys can go and see actually I think
there's one picture on Instagram of me
in her wait a minute
Alex bro okay publicly on my Instagram
where is it where's that okay there but
all of it is you tries to hide the fact
that you know you've got a girlfriend
and my eyes the main thing over the
house don't want to why aren't you
showing your girlfriend that's really
rude mommy you scared of how she looks
no I'm not she's really pretty thank you
very much Maria if you're watching you
probably are hi I'm sorry there's two
main reasons the first one right some
people respect privacy a Maria Maria is
one of those people right she loves the
privacy right I mean I think I'm out of
the ordinary
I put literally everything I do online
now which is a bit weird and if you
think about it she's more normal than I
am love the main thing and I don't want
to exploit that I don't want to exploit
her privacy if she said to me Alex can I
be in your videos I'd be like hell yeah
course you can another reason is right I
have like a relationship with you guys
right and it's a very special
relationship that I treasure heavily and
I also very heavily treasure the
relationship I have with my girlfriend
meeting for myself Co not necessarily
other youtubers I feel like I have a
very close connection with my audience
like me and you guys the margin fans
were all like a closed group together
and I really liked it and I don't want
that to be mangled with the relationship
I have with my girlfriend if that makes
sense right I don't want to cross the
two main things that I just love and I
don't want to I don't want them to cross
paths I want them to be like 100 percent
on each not 50 percent on each but those
are the two main reasons first one I
respect her privacy secondly secondly my
relationship with you guys is my
relationship with you guys and my
relationship with my girlfriend at the
moment is my relationship with my
girlfriend at the moment I don't want
them to cross paths I like it the way it
is I'm +4 all muscle nerves on this
channel anyway yeah I'll hold hands upon
update we just
let me talk about passing cable
management and any DS and she's not
really she's not really into that sort
of stuff but nevertheless I hope you
guys have had a great Valentine's Day I
really do
right I've got some emails I need to do
I'll catch you guys at home
hey you see that I cool with that look
like a little switcheroo now I'm back
home anyway you guys I hope you're low
right if you're not and you want to
speak to me I'm always on twitter i'm at
mars bar Gaming Commission for then
Instagram is Alex promod load of
accounts going around about me they're
not me Alex Pro Mars is my only income
account also birthday cool with to ease
up my cap and right guys might as well
like you guys been awesome guys Dale's
and keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog I love you thanks see ya
