misery suffering
I'm feeling good today so Monday morning
welcome to the vlog this morning I had
an absolutely awesome gym session and I
spent about half an hour 45 minutes in
the bathroom this morning just had a
shower I had a shave puppet moisturizer
on the face you know usual Monday stuff
start of the week and then well a lot of
you guys know and your coffee house I'll
go there pretty much every every Tuesday
with Jordan I'll probably be going there
tomorrow too you guys know as part of my
company Mars media I also do Network
engineering and I installed a public
wireless hotspot at the angel coffee
house for them now since I've done that
where I live they've changed the law on
public wireless hotspots pretty much now
what I have to do as I install the
hotspot is go back and change up a few
things so I've had to design them a
whole new a whole new set up and that
and that is pretty much what I've been
working on all morning now now I've got
a rush to the back
I've been locked in I think the bank
were closing for lunch break or
something they like locked me in
no gonna I guys I feel so good today so
good today like I haven't felt this good
in a while good and and I don't know why
be thinking about putting together a
video or or in a vlog you know sometime
in there in the near future about how to
feel good when you get up every day and
I try to accomplish the tasks that
you're set every day and honestly I
think a major part in all of this is
mindset like if you just go into
anything with a negative mindset you're
not going to do it well well I mean you
might do it well but you're not really
going to enjoy it but then they always
think what's the point in doing some
things if you're if you're not enjoying
and today today has gone really well a
religion is put tweets out saying how
good I feel I think maybe it's because
this room is about to start
I've got the opportunity to move up this
started working on getting my sleeping
pattern a little better and I'm like
pretty much done on revising for my
drone exam which I will be so happy when
I bring the drone back to the vlogs and
yeah I know I've seen you guys comment
saying I like to just fly you driving
for God's sake it's fine I know I could
let you go and get my drone and put it
in this blog absolutely fine right I
know that but I want I but I want my
drone in these looks so badly right than
me telling myself but I can't put my
drone in my vlogs until I've done my
drone exam a key it's making me get my
exam done quicker it's moved it up my
priority list and that is what I need to
get it done
guys I've been absolutely super
appreciating your guys enthusiasm about
the new space
you guys have literally well some of you
not all in practice I've actually seen
you guys doing this you put pictures on
Instagram and it bladed them to Twitter
of like you've drawn out this room in
like a proper room planning software and
like on this software you've like put
the TV in the sofa and some of you have
drawn it in pencil or pen but like
literally taken your own time right to
draw out this room and put where you
think we should have things I see things
like this and I'm just like my audience
you're incredible you guys are I love
you and thank you for all the support I
mean this from the bottom of my heart
you guys spending time to do things for
me I thought it's amazing but I've got
some events planned so I'm gonna try and
meet a lot of you guys and as soon as I
as soon as I know what events I am
attending like insomnia or like summer
in the city I'm gonna try and attend
both think I've almost got the okay for
summer in the city not sure in insomnia
will probably be going but as soon as I
know guys I will let you know make sure
you follow me on all my social medias so
you don't miss anything it's all in the
description but yeah guys thank you for
all of the designs you guys have done
and all the feedback on this room
right so I've been reading through a lot
of the comments right a lot of the
comments that you guys have left on the
Qt page about this room there's over
like six thousand six thousand comments
right now if you think you have some
valid input for this room and you have a
cool idea I'm gonna drop the QT page in
the description click on that and write
your idea on the Qt page you guys have
all agreed right but from this pillar
here backwards it's gonna be the
live-streaming and then this bit here is
gonna be a tech flow set and then this
bit in here is gonna be all storage so
we're gonna board it all off right board
it all up I'm gonna have little LED
spots in the ceiling LED spotlight
obviously Philips you ones consoles are
gonna go in this recess here we're gonna
have some sort of cabinet here with the
TV and then a sofa now if you've been
living under a rock plan ease every so
often I'm gonna invite special guests
down here other youtubers currently
who's okay I've got Elliott Crawford
also I haven't spoken to mogs I'll drop
him a text later but I'm sure he'll be a
hundred percent down any you guys fans
of Jake Mitchell I drop him a text to
yeah that's pretty much the plan right
there always say I'm gonna livestream
myself by myself but like the iconic
thing is I'm gonna have guests come down
we're gonna sit here and play games of
your guys's choice over on twit I would
spend like a morning or an evening or
the pizza answer your guys questions of
play some games and I can be there with
a special guest right and that is my
plan for this and it's so cool it's
gonna be so cool
I've had this plan since before
Christmas months before Christmas and
littering the next seven days next seven
days
it's gonna start to become a reality and
and and I can't wait I've had the power
restored to the lights up here
temporarily so the workers when they
come in and do it all can obviously see
what they're doing because the thing is
the difficult thing right that you guys
won't understand we will in a second
when I tell you this is an office
building right there's other people
around here working like in the next
room below this room so hot so I'm gonna
so have to get some special builders
right who will agree to come and work at
nighttime
not in the day so they're gonna be
banging Sauron screwin nailing can't be
doin her in the daytime when everybody
else is in this office work is that
they're gonna have to come after out
it's gonna be the room of nocturnal oh
very fancy then it's a cable manage the
TV a little bit better anyway the reason
I'm in this room right now is because
I've got to take some headshots and some
of my clients like portrait headshots I
don't know why they want headshots but
they do and there's about 30 of them of
this company and they want some
headshots of all their people that work
with the company yet so I said come to
my office we'll shoot them at my office
this is like one of the meeting rooms
here in the building so I'm just coming
down and planning to see like see if
it's a good room there's this room and
that is a very nice unit I actually get
that for the live-streaming rig that's
such a nice unit I don't know what we
guys let me know what room you think I
should use this one I could use that
reclaimed brick wall there I don't know
I know you think guys
I really hope and fingers crossed it's
nice and sunny tomorrow because it's
made me feel so so good let's go for a
stick your mouth isn't cutting it you're
gonna need it's gonna need some of this
hey that's pretty good I need to find
the instruction manual for it because
there's different modes with it and
actually early today the controller kept
disconnecting from the board now I did
charge everything up a few days ago but
it just kept disconnecting I think from
a hold of the off button and maybe I am
but they just kept disconnecting and it
was like what's going on 25 miles per
hour top speed which is which is pretty
cool I mean anyways I'm telling you guys
this now is because I've actually had
the opportunity to you know be riding it
a little bit if you're wondering this is
one of the wireless access points that
I'm going to be installing in in the
coffee house I've just ordered all of
the other main bits for it so if you
guys don't want to let me know if you'd
like to see that in the vlog a little
bit about how I do my like actual client
work like not just filming client work
I've actually just booked in a wedding
for the 29th of July anyway guys I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog here
I hope you've enjoyed it guys remember
don't sweat it just do it love the life
you live and remember guys the idea is
the easy part hustle hard guys I'll
catch you in tomorrow's vlog I love your
faces
