oh my god all mah all morning
this house is a tremendous Lloyd
all morning there's been noise in this
house and all I'm trying to do is edit a
video ok Google what's the day today it
is Sunday the 12th of February 2017
Sunday welcome welcome to the chill
vogue bin for a great run this morning
I've done about three hours revision for
my drone exam now what's the plan for
the rest of the day huh
do this here this is my laptop cable and
this is how I plug my laptop it as you
can see I have no plugs under my bed and
no available plugs anywhere to charge my
lap so I have this horrible looking for
port extension flanging about in the
middle of my room coming from under my
bed I want to be able to plug my laptop
end without having to have this
monstrosity in the middle of my room
so now that's finished we can move on we
can move on to the tape Maria to the
train station oh maybe we can't move on
to the second thing just yet
got to take Maria to the train station
come on I was having so much fun making
video the guy's a close call little
puppy Maria
open the gates we're going to be late
girlfriend dropped off
oh hello drop Moreira off at the train
station everything went well she has now
gone back back to Manchester which is a
massive shame not gonna see here for
another well a few weeks he's actually
really busy doing her doing her
assignment and so she's doing
photography and my books like what they
asked her to do is a bit pointless like
she's doing photography but then she's
like using really old film cameras that
you start really gonna do anything
nowadays and I know I get that they look
different and stuff but like how are you
gonna use like an old camera on like a
new wedding shoot or something like
that's a mistake and it's just something
that you don't do anymore this is kind
of the next thing I want to set up today
then stop back there for ages that sort
of down there look I call that look it's
a motion sensor thing it's a motion
sensor but I don't know what it senses
obviously motion but I don't know what
it can do when it when it senses motion
boom I'll just make you so much cooler I
knew it would you guys can clearly see
that I've been messing around with all
of this autonomous homes I've got myself
Amazon Alexa I've got my philips hue i
can turn off my monitors at home via
siri i can turn off and on my cheap leds
for the skull above my desk via siri and
what we've installed today the motion
sensor sorry I'm really trying with this
stuff I really am because obviously you
guys know that I'm wanting to get and
I'm going to get an apartment right at
my place when I get it as you guys know
it's going to be balls to the wall
I'm talking like I want Amazon Alexa's
in every single room right I want more I
want a multi room music system in every
single room right I want all the lights
on everything to be automated absolutely
everything I want to ask Alexa to boil
the kettle for me and I want to be able
to ask Siri if my front doors locked
well I'm not skimping out on this so at
the moment I'm just trying to find the
best devices to do everything right the
most reliable at the moment in here I
have this wireless controller system
which controls all of these like now
I've got the elgato Eve system at home
controlling my life I'm going to try
something different for the office and
compare I'm really not sure what other
solution I can get on a plug socket that
I can plug in I can access that plug
socket remotely from my phone and ask
Siri to turn on an officer and device if
you guys know anything let me
so it turns out I'm upset a few people
recently I wouldn't say maybe they'll be
upset okay look I make videos every
single day on the internet right you
guys see every single day of my life
right to beer I can control what part of
that day you guys see through the power
of editing because I don't mind I'm a 19
years old right if you're looking for
life experience I don't have much of
that yet you know I can tell you how to
do a lot of other things a lot of other
things but like the experience not so
much and also you have to remember yes
it is amazing that I can pump out a
video every single day and we discussed
this yesterday I enjoy it what can I say
is right you guys see a lot of me
sometimes right I'm only human
sometimes I'm gonna mess up right and
you know it's great messing up because
messing up is the only way to properly
learn so in a vlog a few days ago I said
that yeah you've got that too miss
Warner had an England flag on it oh no
my bad sorry the England flag is on the
front next to it very clearly said that
right
why said no I am well aware that that
flag right I'm well aware that it's
called the Union Jack and I'm also aware
that the Union Jack covers England
Northern Ireland Scotland and Wales but
I said it was the English flag I was
wrong what happened was I was very
excited about my jacket as I said in
that video I don't usually go out
shopping and come home with items that
I'm really happy with what I usually I'm
not happy I usually like I just I'm not
like the best shot for in the world like
I'm just not very good at doing this
sort of things like going out shopping
and stuff I'm just like super happy with
the stuff that I bought today and it
just seemed like it just seemed like
really fitting and I've never ever had
like a shopping experience like that
before
I always just over the moon with my
purchase hours absolutely flying through
it I saw it and I just said England flag
I apologize I know that it I know that
it's the Union Jack and I know what the
Union Jack covers I was just rushing I
apologize guys bleeding now see karma
karma I'm sorry
thing was I said this I'm literally
stopping doing YouTube and I'm going
into like TV so like this Yugi Jonah's
gonna die soon you won't do it and I
also titled the video pretty much what
I'd said there as well yeah that was
just all a joke it was just all a joke I
was just having a I'm never gonna quit
you and I followed this up later on in
the video but people just saw it and
lost that I'm not quitting YouTube I'm
not going into TV I wouldn't even think
about it what a stupid idea that would
be I love YouTube love you guys
hence why I'm addressing my mistakes and
I'd love it if you guys continue to well
correct me if I do make any common
mistakes in the future because not that
I've learned from either of these
mistakes because one of them was a joke
and one of them was just because I was
rushing you know I wasn't really
corrected here do you know what you need
a jack is in the future if I do totally
get something wrong it will be brilliant
if you guys could help me out and
correct me so guys I just thought I'd
say sorry for that I mean I hate falling
out not falling out I just don't want to
say things wrong to you guys you're sat
there watching me on your screen
listening to a bit of false information
and that's not what I'm about I'm about
always pushing forward and being
positive and trying to get stuff done
and I love to learn along the way so
guys thank you for correcting my
mistakes and I apologize I apologize if
I offended you
right so you ready for this what I'm
gonna do right is I'm gonna place this
camera in here I place the motion sensor
right okay my hue lights are on waiting
for the skull and the monitors skull
wait for it
if this works no my I just walked into
my room and triggered everything it
works what I'm gonna do is place this
thing just there and then hopefully wait
a minute lights on by themselves skulls
come on just waiting on the monitors
three two one
hey Toby isn't coming over tonight so
I'm gonna have a chill night by myself
probably order some dominoes no ice -
but Alex you guys been awesome guys
tails and keep smiling hey you've
enjoyed today's vlog I'll see you in
tomorrow's video I love your faces oh
yes
you
