mento
somebody to a 3d model of my office
so guys when I think about work or
grinding away or trying to get something
done in the day
the first thing the first word the first
thing that ever crosses my mind is is a
plan what's on today's plan here is it
today's a plan number one Jim number two
insomnia call number three set of b-roll
number four curries PC video number five
finished promotional video number six
take delivery of Awesomeness number
seven Jake of Minecraft and number eight
a line dish if time permits even if you
have guys a load of jobs to do in the
day you're not sure if you can get all
of them done it's always always worth it
to add one more job to your list but
just put next to it if time permits so
you won't shoot yourself in the foot if
you don't have time to do it but if you
were an out-of-time you've got something
else to do let's kick it off with number
one
I'm at my prime
Hey
LM a Haidee there we go guys so it looks
like I've just come off the phone to the
people at insomnia and it looks like I
am going to be not 100% confirmed yet
but I'll let you guys know in the next
couple of days that well hopefully I'm
going to the next insomnia yeah the one
around Easter time this year doing a
meet and greet to meet all of you guys
and you know that I love meeting you
right so guys with all that out of the
way I need to go and let assistant in I
can't do all the jobs in the day so
assistant Lu it needs to come and help
me with and help me with something and
this is what he needs to help me with
this is my downstairs bathroom guys and
I want this big light replacing because
I think it looks really ugly and I want
another spotlight going here but as you
can see there was a spotlight up there
can you see this one's this one's like a
mirror finish
I want them white and I need aloof to
help them in speaking of the devil
are you best results in that no that's
not my job
you destroyed it sorry no right you know
you're not hard anymore leave that loose
what's that
Luke has arrived he's downstairs fixing
the lights which is awesome now it's
time for me to move on room set up
b-roll
so this guy's is my rig and you're
putting in Alex what have you got this
this rig for and well the reason the
main reason I've got this rig with me
right here as you can see it's a really
really really nice slider here this is
by Manfrotto
I'll put a link to it in the description
you can get some proper nice awesome
shots with this slider like like it's
just insane and now guys if you are a
filmmaker or like to do anything with
cameras you've definitely heard the
phrase before all the gear no idea let
me show you guys a few tricks for
sliders so what you do you have this
motion here and it's all well and good
having this sliding motion right which
looks fairly boring right but add a few
other movements into the mix so as
you're sliding pan and tilt your camera
like that then there's actually three
movements and it makes it to the I look
even more epic for example this is a
really boring slider shot just me
sliding along and now this is a cool
slider shot using three different axes
know how to use your gear to the best of
its ability doing the b-roll of this
room is gonna take me about an hour and
I know you're probably thinking Alex
what are you doing the b-roll for 40
bedroom what's going on well guys I'm
doing a main Channel video I'm going
back to my roots I'm doing the ultimate
gaming setup the final one for the year
the last year that I'm gonna be in this
house until we're moving guys to the new
house and once it guys that I usually
give everyone is to carry on your slider
shots longer than you think you'll need
because then you'll never become a crop
in the Edit way didn't slide for long
enough and you need it to carry
so guys all the be here all is finished
everything hope that you enjoyed that
obviously is going to be more juicy
b-roll in the main channel video which
when I get you guys a little bit hyped
up for the video because it's been a
while since belated natural setup video
it's kind of a big comeback thing so I'm
absolutely buzzing but I'm not thing to
update you up so we need to open up open
up the book a little diary today it's
course up guys the room setup b-roll
course a Icarus video I'm gonna get that
done tomorrow in the daytime as the
b-roll took longer than I thought it
would throw my video I'll do that later
off the vlog but what's next take
delivery of Awesomeness there we go
they've arrived Jake will you come and
have me bring these in dude
so Jacob you take these through into the
kitchen whilst I explain to the guys
what's gone on inside of here so guys I
explain to all of you earlier that I
have assistant Luke round to come and
fit a nice white LED up there for me and
then another white LED but as you can
see nothing's nothing's changed I also
wanted Luke to take down this extractor
fan through the galaxy view every sack
salute then if you got rid of him he's
nothing a good job no I haven't done
that at all Luke is actually in the
bathroom break made a mess you making
master don't like that so instead we've
already bought the lights for the
downstairs toilet but they didn't fit
properly
that wasn't Luke's fault that was
because of the previous Installer that
put the previous light up just made a
massive mess of the ceiling above the
light and they just wasn't I've gone
ahead and done is installed them in my
bathroom but not only that Luke's been
hard at work and replaced this light
here this light here and this light here
so hopefully soon this bathroom with the
setup in here is gonna have awesome
lighting Bissonnette we batard in a
place there's things of a desk these
things on the desk bloop can you be
sorting it please no I am done anything
that's it you're breaking things now
you're blaming me for Matt right not
doing it now
so guys on my to-do list today was to
receive a couple of Amazon packages as
to which they've received but I need
somebody here to help me this is Jacob
as you guys know him he's my brother and
you wanted to help me unbox these
parcels today didn't you bro
which one are we doing first so bro I'm
gonna do right now is I'm gonna give you
my special knife right do not hurt
yourself cut down the seam down the
middle here right so a good good let me
teach you how to cook so what you do is
you put the knife in the slit like that
and then you always push it away hey
there we go dude right what's this a
core i5 right so bro all of this right
except a couple of things is for one
purpose right and that one purpose but
one purpose alone is to build a computer
right and what I want to do is sometime
down the line in the next week is go on
a live stream on twitch.tv for such mr.
Mars bar and build a computer with you
yeah if you are me to be one of my good
old-fashioned building PC streams but do
it with Jacob and show him how to build
a computer would you enjoy that yeah
look whoa oh wow oh wow guys look at a
bathroom this is mental oh my god
everything is just so so white look I
think I think I think is this that those
cleaning it up I'm not I'm not sure
where II thank you very help wait wait
you woody yeah who do you me have one of
my merch on you best of it you have not
leave it here is in the bag means it's
on it right thank you be help a little
bit sweet then guys I'm gonna go ahead
men today's daily vlog here I really do
hope you've enjoyed it guys big things
coming for the channel in the future got
a lot of my things I might to-do list
ticked off today but still got some
things left over for tomorrow guys but
for now - man I like you guys have been
awesome guys stay us and keep smiling
and I'll see you in tomorrow's
daily vlog
