what absolutely vile day is today
guys how are y'all doing guys my name is
of course Alex and welcome back to
another day vlog I haven't done my intro
for a while so I thought I'd just walk
it in there somewhere
so guys on the board with all of your
awesome quotes on there which we have
which you have done I absolutely love
them as I told you guys I'm going to try
and change them like every few weeks or
so if you guys keep putting your quotes
in the comments if you ever think of any
I'm gonna write them down as I see them
and then we'll change it up and put some
different quotes on there to keep us all
motivated we'll keep it like as a
recurring theme in the vlog what I've
done down here is obviously I've
completed this week's five days of the
gym or you know working out going runs
I've put this on there for next week so
got gym one two three four five and then
I've also done vlog main and ta log is
one to seven and that's obviously the
seven vlogs every day of the week
obviously I just want to feel like I've
ticked them off every single day when
I've done them that I used to record one
main channel video a week I'm gonna try
and record one of those today and then
the bottom one TF is tech flow I wanna
record - tech flow videos a week if you
think about it that 7 plus 1 is 8 9 10
YouTube videos per week is it hard yes
is it achievable yes I think we've got
this
the guys in the car right
and I'm like a promise thinking about
him because I wanna make this a baby
feature now the weather is absolutely
personal today it's like 2:00 in the
afternoon he's chucking it down it's
gray and horrible even though this is
gonna be good quality or Derrick Rose
me they want 27 pounds force of LEDs you
having a little giggle right oh wait a
minute but they are USB powered they're
powered by USB huh
okay you know what you know what I'm
gonna buy these I'm gonna test them out
yeah I'm gonna buy these now I didn't
realize they were USB that's a
game-changer
look I told you mid-afternoon look at
this weather it's just horrible guy
circles back to what I'm telling you
guys in the vlog view today like you not
just think it just puts like a downer
no I just think it's like a down on
everything when the weather is just like
just it's just ah or is that just me is
that just me I don't
so as any video yesterday talking about
the new office and what you guys think
we should do
no video happening online yet so I don't
know what you guys have said yet or what
what I thought we'd do today something
that I've always wanted to do for a long
time I've always had the idea but I've
never thought to execute it today I'm
gonna execute it cuz I think I think it
might be game-changing to LED strips one
I bought from home which is just like an
old bog-standard one and this new one
that I picked up which you can actually
power by a USB and it comes with yeah
this okay my plan with these is as
follows my thought behind this is light
changes anything
I just gives me the characteristics of
this room we've got blue we've got
purple we've got we've got yellow we've
got blue again with our LEDs everywhere
even LEDs up here we don't have any LEDs
though over there and it looks a bit
better I think this is gonna genuinely
change the feel of this room the entire
feel of it let's do this
hey guys you ready three two one boom
check Wow look at that man sweet so now
check out the office when you come in
you have this blue light over there
you've got the purple coming from that
there and the blue from there and then
blue behind the TV and then orange over
there orange a yellow over there LEDs up
there granted I think maybe we've got a
little bit too much blue going on but
still guys this is like a different
color in this room we've now got a brand
new LED strip in here that is sweet so
now for example that corner could be a
texplo set imagine that we've always
liked blurred out I could be like stood
here for example blue like you guys get
the point
what I'm gonna have to do is have a
little bit of a play around with all the
colors and you know maybe change things
from blue and get a few more colors in
the mix because we've got a fair amount
of blue but that is super cool hey you
guys look
that is the USB powered LED strip
outside and that's the normal power now
you can get cheaper USB LED strips like
on Amazon but I can't didn't really want
to wait I want you to execute this thing
as fast as possible and it looks really
cool now that is one of the things I
want you to do to make this room a
little bit better but look at that like
when you walk in it does just make the
world of difference it really does
hey sir yes is the door open
yo Alex doors closed
I thought if you guys saw been the end
of yesterday's video we actually
recorded well like well put it in the
video I'll I installed it record it at
the end of the day a little a lot at the
end of yesterday's vlog I installed this
thing on my door right
which enables me to our Siri wait a
minute yo Alex room door is open I just
thought that was pretty cool man Alexa
set the lights to 100% okay I'd like to
do right now is record a main channel
video opening some of the well if you
just look under here some of the peer
box stuff oh my god I need I need to
open some of this right now so you guys
peer box video all recorded super happy
with well hope I'm sleep happy with this
with the footage I mean I look back at
it I had it like wirelessly on my phone
and it looked really good like you got
by mine this is like I'm reinventing the
main channel here you know I bought a
new lens and it's like I've heard that
the sell poor the hit Phillips shoe so
it looks good on the camera so I'm
hoping when the main Channel video comes
out it looks good obviously content is
just stupid old me very relaxed very
casual sort of get some popcorn or watch
it while you're having your tea sort of
vibe that's what I'm going for
we've got some ridiculously strange
things in the peer box and I'm there
that strange I'm not even gonna tell you
what I got
you'll just have to watch the video
because I've got some like really
strange things right as I told you guys
I'm gonna be doing early Valentine's Day
with Maria she's coming around this
evening we're gonna order takeaway how
are you drink and just chill out I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go pick her up at
iffy was it TV
I was interesting you know and youthful
being now you turn you taking my boy for
you
Oh
