no I'm absolutely I'm obviously got it
like I promised I promised my little I
promised my little brother I will be
this thing in my brother's getting over
an award today at school because you
should spend my exceptionally well
behaved and I promised him that I'd be
there but the traffic it's just
ridiculously bad and I'm just not gonna
make it and I know you're just gonna be
there like looking for me look seven
nine miles an hour that's the fastest
I've gone ten eleven if anyone knows is
it you guys you guys know that if I miss
a day vlogging that would absolutely
kill me life I managed to not upload a
video I hate letting people down it's
the worst thing in the world letting
somebody down is the worst feeling ever
I hate it so much and I just can't let
my brother down being enthusiastic very
cool mate very cool jazz which is you
can yeah it's honestly mad like she's
mad what drives people to talk this
morning at Maria's house she will be
some breakfast absolutely loved it right
I went home had a shower did a little
bit work and then it was my brothers he
was getting an award at school right so
I walk into a walk into his school thing
my brothers absolutely gobsmacked
nurseries stood there like a pencil yes
is award I'm really proud of him and
then I'll do like all the kids sat in
the hallway right the rule they're all
they see me walk in and they're just
like all turning off just like all
turning around I wish we drew the like
another pair of sad the back row looking
at all these kids whispering to each
other and turning around and looking at
me and they're probably thinking what
the hell is this kid doing like a
mother's signature session
of this it is absolutely lovely right I
then drive to Subway because I'm really
hungry right and this is where things
Kingdom that was a nice young girl doing
the bits when she puts the meat on the
sub right and she did mine for me I
appreciate it thank you but there was
two kids before me and they genuinely
looked about 13 14 years old and I heard
one of them say while she was making
this up do you know anywhere where I can
buy any right there's literally an
Asda right next to Subway right but
they're about thirty and I'm thinking
over here we go and they're being like
proper gobby proper lies just awful to
these to these subway workers right
including this really nice girl he looks
like she's nukes have never seen it
before
then the manager ends up having to come
out and he's like and it's like we're
not gonna serve you if you keep back to
my idea just tell them what you want on
your subway you idiot don't just be
don't be stupid about it but people are
so strange walk into subway audio subway
leave subway don't walk into subway be a
complete nob and then walk out a subway
she's not right you guys today's the day
I'm gonna be deciding if I'm moving
office and the only way and I'm gonna
decide to do that is by is by comparing
the two spaces
now this space at the moment it's just
nakid look look look look the stuff
everywhere I need to clean it so I'm
gonna smash the lights on but three two
one
right so I've done my best to tidy the
room to the best of my ability all right
let's just turn the TV on first so let's
go over this room right from start to
finish we've got my desk here right
which is which is absolutely fine now if
we're gonna stay in this room we've got
this bit to sort out because this just
isn't cool or we've also got this bit to
sort out and maybe we can change your
this bit I want to change this bit to
this bit down here with this all these
horrible cables inside the double
cabinet here yeah mark with that that's
not good TV's fine editing stations fine
maybe needs a little bit of a reaching
my desk is fine that unit's fine and
obviously with this room we've got the
added bonus of the live streaming rooms
which we're gonna be starting in the
next two weeks so what I'm going to do
now is go to the other rooms and compare
it to this room by the way we have the
added security of having this big door
here and then another door we have this
corridor in the new room with this logo
thing in it we in this room we don't get
that in the new roof
all right let's take a look at this room
from a stand let's take a look at its
pros and it's cons so the biggest Pro
number one is that we've got carpet in
it so it sounds a lot better but we
could put a carpet in that room the
other throw to this room is it's a lot
bigger like almost three times the size
no I'm gonna say two time and it does
have a hidden room up there yes a lot of
you pointed that out but the room in the
other office it's a lot better this is
this isn't even a room this is tiny so
realistically the only pro to this room
right the only pro to this room is a
carpet and more space and now those are
common that one of you guys put in yes
obviously I do read the comments that
you guys put on the videos absolutely
love hearing what you guys have to say
someone said new offices new opportunity
move as much as I do agree with that and
as much as it is a new opportunity it's
also a thought process some onto Smith
the other day they said they said if you
spend a lot of time doing the same thing
it becomes easy and sometimes if you
spend all the time in your box your
vision gets mangled you have to step
outside the box and getting the
opportunity to move into this room that
opportunity alone allowed me to step
outside of the box which is my current
office now that doesn't mean I have to
leave my current box my current office
but it's giving me the opportunity to
step out and look at things from a
bigger angle
I'm watching TV on the wall there the
curve TV on the wall bear with all the
games consoles down there the thing I
like about the office at the moment is
that it isn't just like a square room
it's got a load of like waves at
different bits to it but guys if we're
to move in here I need your help
door is there there's a big space there
there's a load of space over there which
I think like a corner sofa there and
then we've got this three windowed wall
here and then there's a load of space
over there and this is like like that
and there's a little space there then
we're back to the door again and then
this is the roof for any constellation
let me know in the comment section what
you think we could do in this room and
if you guys put some wicked ideas
alright space is nice what's the point
if you don't need it if we stay in this
room on an LED strip but they're firing
up onto the roof and looking down onto
this wall if we stay in this room I want
this room all done and starting within
the next two weeks we stay in this room
I want to saw all of this out and get
some shelving on the walls and have a
camera corner and a tech corner maybe do
the thing that everybody's doing in the
moment where they mount their consoles
on the wall and have all the cables
running around the thing to know here
guys is we've got opportunity and
opportunity is always a good thing
been to Poland and picked up some some
9-volt batteries I ordered I usually
order my batteries for my vlogging rig
in bulk off of ebay because and I just
actually had today my first eBay dispute
where I ordered them and paid for them
and didn't send them out so it's
perilous because these today I've
ordered some morphine Bay hopefully
hopefully they'll arrive I think I buy
10 9-volt batteries for like 8 pound 50
or something I have no idea what this
thing is even gonna do I'm hoping it
tells me when someone enters my room
when I'm not here so I know if someone
if someone comes in my room or not hey
Siri turn on the wall light Hey
write yesterday's video has just gone
live is currently half past 6 I've got a
meeting right now I should be there now
I need to leave hey guys so the meeting
went really really really really well
yeah really good meeting it was about
cutie so you guys know cutie the website
that I've been working with and that I
partnered with will not partnered with I
like kind of opened it with cute but
cutie was like an idea a concept that I
joined on to when it wasn't even like a
website and then it became a website and
then yeah that's pretty much how I got
involved with cutie I was involved right
from the start and at the moment we're
going through a few stages at the moment
we're trying to do we're trying to do
some different things and I know a lot
of you guys have mentioned an app yeah I
can't really say anything just yet now
I'm just got back and I've just looked
at like yesterday's video cuz it's been
up for two and a half hours now I know
when like youtubers say like that
they're going to do something with a
know a broadcasting company let's just
use that ali-a is doing a show with the
guy called Lord of leave they all sort
of receive a bit of slack for it now I
went down to BBC yesterday a night said
what I thought was a bit of a joke in
the video was that I'm gonna give up
YouTube and go to TV and I clearly said
that in a jokey way like if that was if
it didn't come across in the video it
was a joke I was just having a laugh
with you guys right I know I'm a very
serious guy and I'm going to talk a
little bit about this tomorrow and I'm
very
serious and you know I've wrapped my
work hard anywhere brand and I like to
have my nice board on the wall with all
my planning and staffing but that also
doesn't stop me from having a bit of a
fun and like the one time I tried to
have a bit of like a little bit of a
joke and a laugh with you guys I just
sort of got like a bit destroyed in the
comment section about realizing I should
such a shout out Alex's flog with
probation I was just like I'm just
trying to have a bit of a a bit of a
laugh like of course I'm not leaving
YouTube and I'm never gonna leave
YouTube and I'm probably not for a long
time gonna be having a TV show we were
only discussing it we were only talking
about it remember what I've told you
guys everything starts with an idea
absolutely everything starts with an
idea yeah and the execution is the hard
part probably not gonna execute this but
the fact is I went down to BBC and we
were talking about the idea and I was
just I'm not leaving YouTube okay I was
just out trying to have a laugh with you
guys I apologize for the people that
took it the wrong way didn't mean to
offend anybody at all no but it did
offend you people were just getting a
bit annoyed and stuff and I just I'm
sorry okay I didn't mean and it's maybe
a little upset that people reacted in
the way that they did because like you
guys mean the absolute world to me and
everything and like it's actually kind
of upset me a little bit and I just need
to go and think about things so what's
the best thing to do when you want to go
and think about things it's - it's to go
for a run well it is for me anyway and I
haven't been for a run in a while and
when I'm running I can just be with my
thoughts and think about things and put
things into perspective it's like minus
two degrees outside so I'm dressing up
for them
is the door open doors open
how cool is that I love your faces I'll
keep up the daily vlogs as long as you
guys keep up the support and I'm not
quitting anything anything for any sort
of stupid TV then dirty TV is a dying
medium anyway guys I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog have a brilliant rest of
your evening or day whenever you're
watching this
you're awesome Olivia adios
you
