finally fixing my car to be efficient
you you need a you need a plan do what
you don't want to do is do what this guy
does and it comes across in his vlogs as
if he loves getting up in the morning
you need a plan to have a solid an
efficient day where you get stuff done
you need a plan now it would be all well
and good if we all weren't good if I
could if I could stay in bed today I'd
love to do that but then again I've got
a daily vlog to shoe and I've also got
I've also got to meetings I need I need
to plan area having a plan makes you
efficient because it lays out what
you're doing it lays out the times that
you're doing it and then if you've got
anything else you need to do a little
miscellaneous jobs or a YouTube video to
watch you can fill in the gaps you need
a plan to be efficient first meeting of
the day over and done with now on to the
fun stuff yeah you're not working you
should be working
my Buckley's you've left your bag in my
car I'm in a rush
the only rock'n'roll unit videos you
don't see when you see him I'm literally
in the middle of know I've never driven
to Manchester before and I'm literally
in the middle of absolutely nowhere a
lot of literally I'm back in Vegas I
still haven't told you guys why I'm
going to Manchester yet you'll find out
when I get there
I've got some exciting news
right so I'm here today a media city in
Manchester and I have absolutely zero
idea where I'm going I know why I'm here
though at this point I usually stop set
the camera up and talk to it but I'm in
a rush so I can't I'm literally about 45
minutes late let me take the traffic on
the way here
was so bad it's remember that I'm on
level six Wow
in all seriousness and no I'm not joking
I've actually got a meeting today with
the BBC in fact I'm absolutely terrified
of lifts and I'm assuming I'm going to
the ground floor do you know meeting the
guys with the BBC not much sure what's
gonna happen more specifically see BBC
see see BBC so I'm really happy about
this sweet meeting all finished
absolutely amazing oh it's a really cool
news for you guys
I'm actually like leaving YouTube and
going into TV so it's gonna be it's
gonna be absolutely wicked look this is
like the BBC headquarters in Manchester
like it's mad like this is where
everything is filmed I've just been in
this building here where they film like
all the kid shows is so funny to
actually see it in real life or now
while I'm in Manchester I'm obviously
got a comments the alien
okay I've just come out of CBeebies a
little BBC thing in there thank you for
having me and I'll talk to you guys more
about this when I get home because I'm
literally stopping doing YouTube and I'm
going into like TV so like this YouTube
channel is gonna die soon yeah dude yeah
buddy Manchester just snowing like it's
genuinely snowing right now we're gonna
get to the office quick I may not have
quite put the door handle back on
properly why is saying that you gotta be
quitting YouTube you're scaring the
absolute hell out but I've got some
really exciting news that's really
exciting other than the fact that my
microphone is literally on its slice
wobbling so the reason we see today is
because we've been talking always been
in discussions for quite some time but
actually at the meeting today we're
talking about me actually doing a bit of
a series about vlogging actually that's
gonna be like it's actually gonna start
out being actually on the BBC YouTube
channel and then and then maybe on
iPlayer I'm not sure just yet and it's
all about vlogging and vloging
techniques and like camera equipment and
the technical side of the vlogging stuff
and it's gonna be like with the be peace
those are you talking them today about
like potentially doing like a set up
series and imagine it being on TV like
pimp pimping people setups but it being
on TV on TV like an actual show like
this wow that is why I was in Manchester
today at BBC that's why now you actually
have to have a permit to film on the BBC
grounds I didn't have a permit but still
did a little bit that's why I didn't
film much so you have to get like a
permit this will make you laugh and you
won't believe me but I'm not lying
there's legitimately people on swag ways
roaming round the building outside the
BBC headquarters
is making sure people have filming
permits if you okay BBC you can confirm
that there's little people on swegway
going around checking your people a
filming and if they have a permanent I'm
not even joking
swag ways Matt the reason there's no
rusev you guys really as what it's come
to make sure that Jed left it in a
fairly good condition which is very
debatable Jed I've spent over four and
half hours in the cars today guys
traffic was manic on the way home and I
also had the absolute pleasure of
bringing my girlfriend home with me
she's now at home I've dropped her off
already that's under very sarcastic I
enjoyed having her in the car because
it's really boring by yourself actually
I do like my own company and I do like
music but it was enjoyable having her in
the car that wasn't sarcasm at so guys
we at home changed into the gym
equipment equipment I mean just a stupid
top I should we do this - no you guys
are just gonna laugh at me with this on
Oh blunt yeah guys I'm super super happy
that I put this thing together earlier
in the video I really do just hope it
like showed across that like having a
plan makes things so much easier and I
just love having a plan anyway because
like you can go through the day knowing
that you've ticked everything off on the
plan and there's nothing more to do like
you're not thinking I've forgotten
something and I hate having that up I
hate having away on my mind of me
thinking to myself have I forgotten to
do something you set yourself a list do
it the night before like I did you could
start the day and finish the day knowing
that you've done absolutely everything
you needed to do that's to keep a lexer
stuck down in the car so now with a bit
of look if we stick Alexa down just
there she should stay put brilliant
sweet guys session all finished up
in the gym not gonna lie to you that was
ridiculously hot that was terrible I
feel absolutely dead after that
obviously going to the BBC has been like
a massive deal for me and I've been you
know I've been driving for like four and
a half hours today and but just bear in
mind guys that I couldn't have done it
without the plan we executed it
perfectly right guys I'm gonna go around
and give this to my girlfriend Maria let
me show you it cuz I can well I can now
show you it I got her this done when I
was in
and the other day I'm gonna say I like
it's not Valentine's Day yet yes I know
we're doing early Valentine's Day
because I'm probably not gonna be with
her when it's actual Valentine's Day
because she goes to University of
Manchester we thought we'd do it a
little bit earlier so I've just yeah you
know typical stuff I'm gonna go run and
give it to guys anyway my name's Ben
Alex you guys been awesome guys tails
and keep smiling make sure you're
planning I'll catch you in tomorrow's
vlog you ready I love your faces you're
all amazing adios
Oh
