but thank you very much
come on guys how we are doing guys my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog the main reason I
come to London today is because I've
actually been invited down to our
absense computing event but some
possibly some new fun new hardware B I'm
not sure
there we go this is it nice to sneak
away in here now a chicken I'm not sure
really able to expect a light three
hours late anyway safe MSI Evan we've
repeatedly
so come December 5 event and evolutions
got my MacBook and I'm being harassed by
all of the MSI staff for pulling up my
mark in MSI laptop of them where they're
releasing brand-new laptop I haven't
even managed to look any laptops yet and
I'm already being asked to come and go
to take them right to this because I'm
supposed to take and this is the biggest
laptop of the day but I'd pretty much
not a laptop is it oh my god it's so
thick okay so this is the new msi ge70
306 Orion Barroso 1907 16 gig of ram
while 80 durometer yeah and it takes 10
16 eventually
critical light that's fairly nice
machine so you can you can feel how how
likely is and then it is quite essential
we finished up as the MSI event
unfortunately didn't actually managed to
steal steal a laptop and this massive
bag of stuff which is brilliant I'm not
quite sure what's inside of here so I
have to get that out a little bit later
but MSI I really appreciate it thank you
for having me
it was a bit more of a meet and greet
with all my fans with little but really
really really good event really enjoyed
it thank you so much kemacite I love ya
right literally robots reserved be easy
are you ready here it's a bit when it
comes out Anna we literally tapped it as
soon as as soon as that became available
and reservations are closed we didn't
get them we didn't get the new you
literally I've never done that easy
things before and I that I quite loud to
get probably do but we were bang on the
time when if they click it three o'clock
to reserve your new power uses and we
just didn't get it like we're in Apple
store we had our Wi-Fi it was wrapping
we clicked it as soon as it so click it
and nothing anyway no bit upset now how
do I kill my sublet there's only one
answer three guys on one of my last
tubes for the day now spin absolutely
saying they've been the MSI events so on
a laptop forgiving awesome goodie bag
because contents down and putting this
bag which is actually inside to go you
back this feels a bit shopping bit of
the Apple stores did reserve the Eevee's
which is ashamed in foreign and owes to
the time-lapse now another quickly
singing them arrived at one of my
favorite meeting locations in the whole
of London I don't have to announce it so
there is on on landing they're going to
see that absolutely brilliant little
place
guys guys it's uncool so cool heated
seats on please are absolutely freezing
guys let's check this outlet right my
monitors just got my light blue
wallpaper on I'm going to put a chrome
window over there and I'm going to put a
chrome window in the middle and then I'm
going to put a chrome window on on this
monitor here and in that that is
literally my LED softbox
these three honestly look look this is
my softbox right now they're just all
Google window and the lighting is so
good like LED softbox is so expensive
just buy three monitors going to be even
more expensive isn't it hi Emma sighs
and today was well absolutely awesome
that put a little thing where I stole
the laptop really enjoyed putting that
together so the other thing was more of
it was more of a bad meetup than they
actually checking out laptop the entire
time I was there I was just adding
photos of people and chatting to people
who watch my videos well they're not no
Emma Stiles and good products coming out
so I'm happy and I'm hoping Emma's right
send me some stirs the give made goodie
bag to take away though I've got my
girlfriend's Valentine's presents in
here so I'm going to take it out because
you might see it before Valentine's but
I critically planned - everybody got but
like ever no weird bad when you've got
what side compartments to it like really
give me they gave me a msi rival 95
optical mouse I can get into the day a
mouse is a mouse as a mouse isn't it
like that works fine he also gave me
this I key thing which isn't like a
memory stick in a sense that actually I
think encrypts a bit of your hard drive
space new computer so you can only
access a bit of the hard drive space
when this is plugged in it looks a
little bit more into that yeah no that
was that was really really really really
cool and they also had a meeting with
the MSR staff afterward and that was
when we discussed me potentially working
with MSI in the possible future secret a
secret ok cool often
that video is all finished we have come
in there will not brush them coming here
and it's been like it's been like
non-stop take slow guys honestly we just
come in here and because I rendering out
one video right now but a camera mounted
up there simple DIY and sort of attach
this up here so we can do more
you know if we can have the camera
looking down on the decimal so I'm
really happy without really cool guy
getting kind of late there now it's been
non-stop today it's been really fun but
it's it's my
