it will be respectable me hello on
I'd like an absolute idiot no way Google
home no way I've been sent to Google
home what is it
no way he sent me to Google home slick
we're apps have sent me a Google home oh
my god whoa whoa whoa that's so cool
that's sick
Oh Google home no way look at this oh
wow slip wraps have gone an rap to it oh
no it's an American plug these aren't
even available in the UK yet I don't
think so if this is gonna work I have no
idea now uh-oh boo oh well come on
welcome to Google home to get started
download the Google home app on a phone
or tablet
hahaha new device found set up oh jesus
is sick I can't believe they wrapped it
and everything how cool is that
login all the time
don't text me okay Google how are you
today
not like Alexa be quiet Alexa I mean our
play me some
snow by Red Hot Chili Peppers snow by
Red Hot Chili Peppers sure playing on
Spotify all right
ten seconds and we are starting now raps
thank you this is amazing I really
really appreciate it and I've never I've
always wanted one of these that never
ever thought I'd get one because they're
only available in the US but thank you
very very very much
I really appreciate it that is cool
slick raps thank you okay Google I'm
leaving now
you know where to find me i'ma break
have a break just me and feather on
tonight keep it in check eg I am G yeah
robust yourself says areas there's my
legend
right the Nando's workers when I have a
go on the on the board this is gonna be
hilarious ort of felt the need to do
this I'm feeling a little bit better on
this thing right now
it's honestly the most coolest thing
ever
like it's so good so geez just over
there we've just finished Nando's we've
had a coffee at the coffee house I'm on
this board the Nando's workers with oh
my god can we have a go on it so they've
all been on it as well that was good
laughs it's so cool man I probably
shouldn't be doing this in the Odeon
cinema but I'm doing it in the Odeon
cinema and Jordans protecting me it's
big enough
thanks for a great day thanks banandles
and thanks would come in to Lincoln with
me and I'll see ya I have just partake
in in one of the most stressful and the
most spontaneous games of tick with my
baby brother that I've ever had in my
entire life he's a little monster
honestly he's mad Jesus though guys
really come on like yesterday's video
it's been up 25 hours and it has 110,000
views that isn't the definition of
insanity I don't know what is thank you
very much and then if you guys were
aware of this but YouTube has that
really messed up like youtuber so I
looked at tonight's video which was
yesterday's vlog everything went fine
rendered it out uploaded it and it got
to a hundred percent uploaded but then
it I noticed something odd it did a
process like it wasn't processing the
video now it turns out a load of other
people were also having problems with
YouTube under YouTube just weren't
allowing any videos to go live at all
yesterday so whatever happened I don't
know quite frustrating yes but hopefully
what I got in yesterday's video when I
first tested it out with the stupid
helmet on you know the boosted board
thing yeah I really hope you guys
enjoyed that video because I really
really really enjoyed making it where's
Google Hong Kong
okay play
Alex's memory lane Spotify playlist sure
here's a Spotify playlist called Alex's
memory lane
okay Google stop yeah it's pretty cool
it's pretty cool well I live in England
Ryan and this thing isn't actually
available in England yeah you can't buy
them in England alone because like when
I was trying to set it up it was just
saying that it was just saying that I
had to change my iPhone language on my
phone from English UK to English English
um and when I told it the weather to put
in it was only giving me us destinations
and when and when it said watch your
favorite news obviously BBC really for
me in the UK
what was it giving me CNN and we all
know we all know about CNN sorry I'm not
sure how to help for now because I live
in England I definitely prefer Alexa I
told you you guys are the people that
keep me motivated the reason I'm doing
this as well for myself and for my
girlfriend is like you guys you
genuinely keep me motivated well I've
seen comments on my youtube videos and
people like on snapchat and sort of
people Twitter and you guys are saying
are likes thank you for including the
gym segments in the vlog because number
one it has like a personal connection to
your life and number two it's making me
motivated to go in the gym too and go
and get exercise so I'm really happy to
be bringing you guys along with my
little mission that I'm trying to put on
myself going to the gym like three or
four times three times we try to get a
little bit more
should I get a bit more fit
a two of five have exercised this week
completed got to stay fit
so guys sweet day in Lincoln today with
Jordan Ben for a quick Nando's a quick
coffee give my well boosted board a bit
of a test I really really like it I want
to get really good at it I think it's I
think it's really really really really
cool and as well Google or slick wraps
sorry slick wrap slit wraps teamed with
Google and managed to send me here in
the UK at Google home so slick wraps
really appreciate that man that is
wicked I'm gonna connect that up in the
kitchen it's probably down there now I'm
gonna leave it there and let let
everybody use it and see what people
think other people's thoughts that's
what I did we've got old a lexer before
before before she became wireless up
here alright guys I'm gonna go ahead and
end today's vlog here I'm in London all
day tomorrow so I need to hit the hey
guys my Lisbon Alex you guys have been
awesome stay awesome guys keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog ready
yes
