Wow other than AIDS again so when I have
questions that woman at the roundabout
well they know that we need the needed
to have all of this in the shop so the
said they're going to ring me about when
it when I can get it back I'm a little
bit they can't do so will this folks
submit its really search you guys that
I'm talking about D you see my car sir
meant to be coming out and repairing
that this morning and they just didn't
bother turning up so I'm a little bit
frustrated and now booked in to Thursday
at 9:00 a.m. so wasn't start this
morning by ordered son's morning Monday
morning first day of the week by being
well really really inspired by you guys
and unfortunately I didn't think things
through doing yesterday's video at the
end of it I asked you guys in the
comment section or if you leave well to
leave some nice comments some
inspirational quotes put on the put on
my inspirational board in my room and I
thought we could start Monday morning
fortunately that's not the case because
yesterday's video doesn't go live for 6
p.m. and it's currently currently 11 a
actually love these guerrilla pods like
look how cool buyers look how nice and
flimsy days
you guys can hear that right here that
no know a lot of you may have this
problem I think I think I've just solved
the issue I think what you need to buy
is one of these things right and it's
called er what's it called
this is what I've bought Logan says you
bought this item empower ground loop
noise isolated car audio home stereo
systems with 3.5 let's go see what we
can do
pretty much there's the three point five
mils from my sub-woofer now that will
usually plug into the back of the
computer but what I've done is just
plugged it into this device and this
device into the computer
oh god there you go so for $7.99 I
reckon I've just sold a lot of your guys
issues okay so these are my video ideas
I have I've got to show off the new
office which I kind of did yesterday a
top five desk sets of tips that's what I
want to do that's what I want to do on
Mars bar channel usually I'm bringing
some new content to that channel going
to be doing like top five tips on like
computer setups and desk maintaining and
different things like that so that's
going to be so cool can't wait to do
those pa box every for the main channel
ultimate live streaming room for the
main channel these are a few tech flex
web videos that I want to do and then
I've always wanted one of these that's
that's this video isn't it lovely
well here sumbitch one driving chicken
baby I may enjoy it mmm mmm I can't find
what I'm looking for
enough again buy one
five-piece chicken select meal please
with a with a coke alright what's going
to make me look like more of an idiot
here okay there's this one for fifteen
pounds or go for the despicable me it's
an extra five pounds but we've gotta get
the despicable me one I kind of my door
won't open
tomorrow do you guys know that work hard
anywhere the phone that I like to give
up a normal videos and use it on my wall
papers in the office and it just it's
like the like beautiful pictures and if
they work hard anywhere well they're
like is there like a company and they
they sell stickers and stuff of course
I've got work on anywhere sticker on my
car and I sell stickers in the sent me a
load of them somebody alerted them here
that it also sent me what I believed to
be a customized wrist whoa and this is
that bracelet brand-new this one reads
not everything that counts can be
counted on everything that can be
counted count and this one Oh nobody
hovlind look at that it's his Mars bar
on it okay that's not cool
guys I learned a lot that's very very
funky thank you thank you for all the
swag I really really appreciate it I
kind of always wanted wallet but never
really saw the value in in spending
money on one so it inside of here in the
concept that a lot of you will be very
very familiar with me all of you will
know what this device does can you read
that thousands here like you guys and
say that I've never white one of these
is a poor white avoid one at an electric
skateboard and I think that I can't on
my tongue I can't escape I use the cane
I quite often when I was younger and
well I've seen when people get only to
the first time this flyer so I thought
you know what I prefer not to be in
hospital if I had the choice GoPro mount
GoPro sticky mount then it all begins
the match an extra drive train some more
GoPro mount in this thing how the place
for a GoPro I'm going to be like because
this is ah
the remote control and that looks scary
I'm assuming that is to tighten up your
truck I can spy a power button and it
has full power right how do you turn
this thing on you hold that down oh come
on no no no do I get do I dare do this I
am scared
this is so cool man Oh
oh my god the funniest part this is a
very professional office with very
professional people in it and and it in
the corridor with an electric skateboard
with the despicable me helmet on acting
like an absolute idiot and I love it
ready the funniest part about all of
this is it's not about where did it
stick with me helmet
another something I'm in an office
building for expressional people but it
actually it's in beginners mode I don't
think I'm going to be taking out
beginners mode take it home
I reckon I reckon I could get really
good at this I reckon I could just get
like super super super typically today
I'm having so much fun oh my god it's
absolutely pouring out but this thing
right in time it's time to do this right
now okay because it's currently off at
7:00 I'm just actually been replying to
a load of comments on the main channel
video which by the way guys with 125
thousand views is anybody like two days
ago
so so thank you for that and if you
watched it I really appreciate you
saying and a lot of you telling me you
got all the way to the end of it as well
which is mega for a 21 minute video guys
you guys are amazing
you guys was marginally wicked self
every day the chance to get better
nothing is impossible put this on your
board and as far as the new opposite is
concerned not 100% you are getting
moving just yet like how the opportunity
suit if I wanted to its day if I want to
fit in a comment from a guy called Tom
that says new opportunity new office
move that's kind of hit me a little bit
okay these are my absolute favorite
things that you guys written in the
comment section of the video I want to
thank all of you putting stuff and
obviously the videos only been up for
one hour what I'm going to try and do is
change this board like once every week
with new quotes this is what I've got so
far
don't think just go don't count on the
days make the days count the idea is the
easy part
tweet operation the gym on a pre-workout
come down right now so I'm going to go
ahead and hit the hey guys I really hope
you've enjoyed today's video that
electric skateboard we've got downstairs
but is absolutely awesome I apologize I
couldn't get more shots of me like on it
in the daytime like lights outside and
it was raining so I feel like you know I
was only on it for like 15 minutes which
kind of
so I hope the weather's decent tomorrow
so I can fucking but go on it in the
daytime but also off to Lincoln
tomorrow's get the Nando's with Jordan
so do that as well totally well is good
but anyway guys I'm gonna go ahead and
today's working guys mine is not like
you guys have been awesome Vale some
keep smiling catch you in I stopped
doing that catch you in I'll do it again
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog
right
