I may consume session this morning guys
kicking off my Sunday with a little bit
of positivity getting those endorphins
in my body by doing a quick workout yes
I've taken some pre workout shakes I
absolutely love the stuff I need to try
and not get too addicted to it let's go
hah what's on this doing it always mess
on my desk there we go come on you guys
know what you're doing guys my name is
of course Alec and welcome back to
another daily block I'm really happy to
announce guys I'm going to officially
announce it right now for now right the
room it's pretty much done like we've
completed the setup on the main channel
but all the series are part 4 it's all
done and it's just looking so quick but
I've got this school here and I'm just
not really sure I should put it I have
no idea what was a lot going on in this
room like there's a lot already I think
I might take it to the office
well bored this is it it's time for a
clean slate for 2017 so I want you guys
to do is go ahead and use the comment
section of this video I'm putting some
inspirational stuff so I can possibly
put on my inspiration abroad so I can
wake up every morning and get out of
this bed right here and walk into my
bathroom every morning and as I'm
walking into my bathroom to brush my
teeth and do my hair and have a shower I
can glance over at this board and see
the most inspirational stuff from my
absolutely awesome audience while I'm
down here I'll just give you guys a
clean
hi Jane Jane Jane is it Claire along
whoa Jay good Jayla looking looking nice
and clean nice
hey guys check out this blog entry my
microphone is kind of like squished up
against the car right now you probably
can't hear me
let's on to get this in place this is
pretty goddamn cool it would be good if
I just gave ourselves in the car
thoughts now if you catch me guys as I'm
driving and then we're gonna have like a
front of you as well so you guys can see
what I'm seeing and then and then me
talking the same we stood absolutely
everywhere I can do a close-up really
and right all tied up but you guys let
me think it's so goddamn depressing all
right probably uh I'm literally looking
I would literally looking back on my
vlogs right
last year last year in the summer before
I went to the bar went to Australia and
as we think is what's so fun that the
Sun was out we're outside doing stuff
all the time and this is the main reason
right well I want to go into the gym
more because you see this you see what
what's outside that window and what's it
lacking it's lacking sunshine the Sun
gives you this immense deep right and
whether you know it or not your body
needs vitamin D and I nobody see that in
the summer everybody's happy because
everybody's outside but it's not it's
because the sun is shining and
everybody's getting vitamin D none of us
can get any of that at the moment with
this horrible weather - what's the next
best thing afore and dolphins from the
gym
normally sunshine Allah's Omni vitamin D
but let's keep the vibes good I told you
guys away you guys to put in the comment
section down below some things that we
can plot on the inspirational board I
want to go ahead and redo that and then
just remember last year just being so
fun the D cousin let me don't let me go
and do anything in these vlogs anything
before no you guys want to see anything
let me know also in the comment section
down below guys I'd really appreciate
that yeah it serves me well it really
has it's a it has its uneven floor it
surely put together very very very man
made breakfast bar and this main lies it
doesn't work it just doesn't come on and
also its doors there's no a seem to want
to stay close but we can click things
like that so this could be it guys we
could be leaving this place right very
very sad I know but we're not leaving
we're not leaving so any bad reasons
we're going upwards now in some building
but let me show you what could be the
new office
like I think would this be in here like
first off if I just close the door
I love they've even got oh well we don't
have one of them and I've got a lock on
the second lock and this room the major
reason why a thought or even considered
moving to this room right is because of
the audio you guys hear really old
offices we've got a wooden floor in here
it's all carpet right
so in this office even with
soundproofing installed it's diletto
which isn't very good but primarily what
I do in here video shoot but in here
because of the Karpin you've got a
better mind this room is bare at the
moment there's nothing even in here like
this like this room is so much cooler
women have like a corner sofa over here
right we like to call-- is over there
we've been have we could have like a
desk there we've got three windows so a
lot of natural light coming in and look
at all this cool wood on the roof man
massive we were eating it coming into
the high speed Wi-Fi Molly's awesome
down Rises and it's just so cool but
it's missing it's missing one thing
make that two things the first one being
the first one being this room which I
want to turn to the live-streaming rig
when the QT team get back from all their
meetings and stuff soon as they do get
back in a few weeks that's when we're
going to start on this thing so we need
to decide really quickly I need your
guy's help and this room is going to be
wicked by the way and secondly the
character of this room why just look at
this thing like a whole room what I've
built it all myself look at look at all
the mental stuff it's all just mad in
here LED computers like this room you
walk into it physically screams what's
going on inside my brain right this room
is an accurate representation of what's
going on in my head I only know what you
think the good idea is right what do you
think we should do should we move or
people stay cut and really really really
appreciate your guys in Pontus like we
doing this Appetit I love you guys your
love me
video so Sunday evening Toby will be
coming around a little bit later on for
a Domino's and League of Legends session
who I thought I'd do is section off the
board right now so I've got like an
actual space a space for world work and
put my my own goals and things like
to-do lists and stuff and then leave a
space for maybe a little bit of our and
your guys quote the writer talked there
we've got marzipan so that's gonna be
all of you guys with all your clothes
and stuff and then I've got my short and
long term goals and I've got my to-do
list and video ideas if you guys have
any video ideas any like vlog episodes
or anything main channel related let me
know in the comments and I'll whack them
in here then they also have a weekly
plan and then obviously this bit cookie
subjects but income that is what I need
to keep on top of at the moment with all
the jobs I'm getting and stuff obviously
to write what work up them down and if
I've received money from that certain
job or not so that is my productivity
board hopefully they should set me
straight to 2017 as soon as he arrives
you'll be seeing probably a time-lapse
of some elite of Legends 31
Oh
