go inside of the car while cleaning
outside of the car or cleaning thanks to
this legend once again say hey gee we've
got this car clean as well this is an
absolute beast and then Jesus jeez VXR
why we the VXR she's all clean too
so in a big session today looking sweet
that is cool I appreciate this
yes I accidentally left all of the
lights on every single light is on in
here including the softbox that could
have been a fire sweetie so cars washed
today absolutely wicked is an absolutely
brilliant nice day outside we don't get
many of those here in England at the
moment with it currently being well to
start a February this brilliant scallop
national this morning all my work done
go and see G get the car washed
brilliant to be outside Oh August have
sepi these things and they're claiming
right they're claiming that these are
the cheapest for the price the best
right put it this way right if you're
not too fussed about sound quality but
you want to have like a multi room music
system that you can manage manage from
your phone and play a different song in
every room wirelessly or play the same
song in all of your rooms right they
have said that this is the cheapest and
for the cheapest it being the better
quality Multi multi room speaker thing
what is it the competition out there
you've got so nose so nose is the main
competition here with their cheapest
smallest speaker being about 160 pounds
so a huge service at home myself in
every single room we have the Sonos in
the kitchen in the gym in all the rooms
at home they're absolutely brilliant I
hundred percent would recommend them and
yeah these look just like little British
speakers but apparently they're like
sono speakers I don't know what to
expect so I'm actually kind of ensuring
to see what episode it's a bigger one
sounds like because this this is massive
they say this big boy turns off t
download this app thing here and then
it's searching for a while right so this
is streaming over Wi-Fi now so if this
works
let's see if we can connect this one
open it is massive so I'm expecting big
things Wi-Fi connected Hey
we shall name this we give it a custom
name yep Mars
media office big boy speaker the length
of this name is too long
now it gets interesting if we can have
these two speakers and play the same
song out of both of them together that's
where it gets interesting
you press play on one of them and they
both start playing this over the Wi-Fi
using Spotify and it's literally a cheap
version of Sonos wait how much are these
okay here you go
80 quid 80 pounds for these things I
mean the apps a little bit crap I'm
probably gonna review these things on
tape Flo this is sick I'm so this is
cool man right these things are super
super super super cool girl leaving the
office over okay believe my hair
overnight to charge but I don't want to
be in the office today really because
it's a sad thing because it's a Saturday
I want to go into town and see
well shopping
happy with you purchase a few places got
this you're the bomber jackets in there
I came into town and I wasn't even gonna
come into town I just came into town
unexpectedly
and I've ended up spending well over 200
pounds in literally half an hour and she
said that he's got his new bag there
look in my lap you bought some bits as
well now there is I spent that much
money is because it should have been a
lot more expensive but I know the guy
that works in like oxygen which is like
in where I live knew at the town there's
this place called oxygen which is this
local shop and they do like all like the
really like brands that are coming in
all the really good brands and I know
the owner of it so it gives me like 20%
off so it should have been a lot more so
give me 10% off and it just makes it
like seem a little bit more feasible
okay so in here this is what I wanted
for so long good for nothing
all right so cool then the arm you've
got like there yeah you've got that team
sworn I had an England flag on it oh no
sorry the England flag is on the front
next to the I so nice man still got this
sick bomber jacket take the label out
what do you guys think I think it's
pretty pretty nice inside you not think
I quite like it and then I got these two
t-shirts as well this one here and this
one here and then this one says
billionaire boys club I quite like it
it's pretty cool and then this bomber
jacket actually came with this like camo
shirt thing so that will look really
cool what underneath this bomber bomber
jacket I'm just I'm just really into my
fashion at the moment I'm liking it it's
a lot good for you guys that's what I'm
trying to do here
Oh three guys finished up in the gym
probably one of the best workouts I've
ever had and you want to know why let me
tell you why right by the way I'm really
liking my new clothes that I bought
today like I'm just genuinely super
happy with what I bought like I usually
I'm not happy I usually like I just I'm
not like the best shot for in the world
like I'm just not very good at doing
this sort of things like going out
shopping and stuff I'm just like super
happy with the stuff that I bought today
and it just seemed like it just seemed
like really fitting and I've never ever
had like a shopping experience like that
before possibly something to do with the
20% off that I got anyway before were in
the gym today I have this well I bought
this today right I bought this and then
protein and you guys know what I tried
to go running a lot and I tried to go in
in the gym a lot and before I had
actually a gym in my house before I
lived in this house I used to have like
a membership to a gym like when I talked
to you guys about the gym it's not me
trying to stand there but saying oh I'm
but I'm a gym laughs I'm a gym like I'm
a gym lad look at me I'm a gym lot but
like that's not the persona I give off I
own one vest which I bought about five
years ago which still fits me because
I'm tiny I boot I promote to you guys
going to the gym and going running
because it's healthy because it keeps
you fit now recently all of my actual
gym friends who are you know like
massive lads but Alex against the gym
why don't you taking what pre-workout
and wait another thing what my end goal
isn't to get isn't to get like massive
out of it it's just to try and keep fit
and they said and they raised the point
they said you're wasting your time if
you're in the gym you may as well take
protein and take pre-workout took their
advice that a finally after many months
and bought myself and what I'm trying to
tell you guys is I took this pre-workout
right honestly obviously I'm not even
joking I felt like a different person
like I genuinely felt like well I don't
know what it's like to be on steroids
but I can imagine that's a smaller form
of being on steroids right I have so
much energy like my workouts that I do
right which of my workouts I put them on
the wall hello oh yes I genuinely just
felt like an absolute boss like those
what
I usually do but at the end of them all
out halfway through them by like the
fourth set of each workout I'm
absolutely like but with this honestly I
think I'm just gonna have to up my
weight because it was so easy it
genuinely feels like I'm just cheating
taking that stuff but then it's not like
it you can buy it in the shop Bradley
it's the equivalent of like 20 coffees
or 30 coffees or something I know you
guys are gonna be in the comments like
Alex that would be ridiculous honestly
it was amazing it was like oh my god
I've never taken anything before and
this was amazing like wow I feel like I
could take that stuff and genuinely do
these daily vlogs do a main Channel
video once a week do tech flow videos
and live stream and still have a load of
energy left it's probably gonna have
some sort of negative health but I'm
gonna take that and try and do a load of
stuff polite YouTube because juggling
three channels and I wanna live for him
and I just never get the time I'll have
the energy I feel like with that I'm
gonna be able to do that all of it and
loads more tiebacks I didn't bat to get
out you WAIS of scare you're getting way
too big be blue oh by the way if you
guys heard storms his new track big for
you boot or ever it's called I
absolutely love it such tuned your boots
you know you're getting wickedly okay
it's actually my stepmoms 40th birthday
party well it's a party today it's her
party today my whole family has rented
out like this dislike this like local
really nice pub and there's like there's
like 50 odd people there that rented out
the bar the bar is open there's like a
band playing it's a 40th birthday so
it's a big one
I'm gonna head down there and make use a
make use of this free bar
sweet guys stepmoms party went down
absolute blast there's a load of people
staying here in this house this evening
so one needs to try and be a little bit
quite everybody's really drunk including
well kind of me I've had like I had a
few drinks but I was trying to be in the
venue doing a little bit of filming on
trumpet like a video together for my
stepmom which should be hopefully
hopefully she'll really like that all
right guys I apologize for not having a
shirt on I'm literally about to get into
bed it's about half past 1:00 in the
morning I want to try and get up on
Sunday nice and early and going to a
load of work and just be all ready and
fresh for the day so guys my asthma
lecture you guys have been awesome guys
sales and keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog yo D adios
