good afternoon guys how we all doing
guys my name is of course I liked and
welcome back to another a daily vlog
guys absolution I have been up I've been
up since 8:00 a.m. this morning and all
I've been doing for the last 6 hours is
anything video I'm editing yesterday's
vlog and I'm halfway through everything
the ultimate set up video a lot of wait
a minute check this out oh god I'm doing
this really cool thing at the start with
this text that are watching with the
music really believe it or not that to
me so goddamn long what I really do have
to go and do something right now and if
I don't do it it will pretty much render
my car unusable for the whole weekend
it was something we tried to do
yesterday but it was closed if you can
see this cameras focusing on the dirt on
the window I'll just I'll just go out
there and show you so if you go ahead
and open the boot of my whip you can see
that was full of still pans in the back
full of stuff there's our most of my car
and it weighs that much it feels
different to drive we need to go consult
the cell
I dropped one down there again clean car
where does all of that rubbish from my
car I'll tell you what doing these main
channel videos is not easy
I'd say good 60% of all that rubbish
that was in my car was all rubbish from
my room that was just like stuff I just
didn't need in there then it comes
across that when I'm doing the ultimate
set up or builder but live somewhere
we've got the ultimate office or the
ultimate gaming death I'm making I'm
doing it for a video right but I'm not
I'm doing it so I can enjoy myself but
my videos about my outfit right I was
doing it so I could make a video for you
guys and then also I'm putting it
together so this is an actual functional
office by got home I'm trying to make an
actual functional setup so I can work
out and do videos the thing is you but
waiting to the nitty-gritty of every
single little thing that I do the videos
will be hours long and her difficult
thing I find is finding the most
important things to put in the video so
when I stood there with with the
cameraman and I'm like me film it and
he's like and I'm actually well I
actually went don't film this because
there's no point in filming it and then
I'm my own Oh film this and I get to
edit it and I'm like Sheila put this
bitch or not put this bit it's like what
way is interesting or is that is the
hardest part about the main channel
doing like a series video as you guys
know I do have a counter one that
follows me around and does this and
we've been experimenting with
stabilisation and techniques for the
camera like rigs and stuff I've also
bought a lav mic as well not sure if
that's going to be used or not cuz I
almost do just like the comedy
standpoint of these videos I like this
funny I like to make them for me and I
like to make them like I have a humor
that's just like I'll say something
that's just totally not funny but then
I'll find it funny like that's my humor
it's quite satire but if you watch
yesterday's vlog my humor is an exact
example of when I were ranting my
grandma and I was just there pointing
the camera at her and playing stupid
music in the back of a rock so I'm not
very good Josef person like he said to
me Alex tell me a joke I'm just totally
dead
had much burning but nonetheless I
really hope you guys enjoy the video
that I did hope you did enjoy the main
Channel video because to me a long time
to make an edit and if you haven't
watched it go and watch it it's on the
next channel
oh she looking fine live in sweet eyes
I'm happy I should demonstrate I went
clean on oh wow
man like that car is one of my proudest
one of my proudest achievement and I
never and I never really get time to
wash it myself but it's definitely worth
it when I do it okay our five and
finished editing with the main Channel
video it's clearly rendering out eleven
minutes left to render its
6:24 p.m. right now I told you guys it
was going to be up by seven am I going
to do it I've got the upload pain on
YouTube ready so as soon as it's but if
I can put it that oh my god bear we're
going our first world youtuber problems
I need to try and take a thumbnail a
professor with a video but I'm not sure
I'm going to hit up a male with that big
cable hanging hanging down the reason I
people turn you down this because it's
not long enough to actually pin it up so
I bought it a longer one on ebay luckily
it has arrived in time for me to install
it and take this gorgeous thumbnail
picture of of the three screens right
now this they can give you something
like
there we go no cables at all showing now
opposite minimize all the windows now
it's absolutely vital but I get the
right color combination for the Philips
you like thumbnail
let's have set the lives to 100% and
then I need the wallpaper on the TV
there we go right guys I made your video
just alive it's been managed for the
last half an hour getting everybody
involved it's been omitted mental Oh
guys I don't think it honestly like
hopefully it comes through like
legitimately how happy this is making me
that I've just uploaded to the main
channel well I'm just so happy right now
well I do your mouth support you guys is
like shown me in the last half an hour
like on the main channel video on
snapchat on Twitter on Instagram like
that this is disposed of the set up and
it got like two thousand likes it's
literally about five minutes and like
you don't see me is usually a youtuber
that like because I don't I never like
say like old guy like the video please
can you like the video do you know at
the start of a video I'm not like
rinsing off every single social media
that happen you know I put stuff in the
description if you guys are not for men
social media you guys can follow me on
social media but I'm not going to sit
there for like a few minutes at the
start of every video and like rinse my
social media to you guys because this is
not who I am your support is phenomenal
and I just want to say thank you just
does not a local for a quick meal with a
family at all pretty quick meal over and
done with with the family now I'm off to
Lincoln in my whip
got a meeting
Jason was my appreciated darky earlier
thanks for let me thanks for bring mr.
Spock no problem mate into them you are
who leave our stuff then our new says
you are we guys just got back
I've actually well this is CDs been a
bit strange really
so yesterday's work went live at 6 p.m.
whilst it went live I was editing the
main Channel video whole family were
going out for tea at 6:30 after I'm not
going to be there 6:30 because look at
my main channel video going live at 7:00
so got it anything cut it up to 7:00 it
went live just after 7:00 when he went
live made sure everything was okay then
I jetted off to the pub pub some dinner
with my family which I really enjoyed
then I flew down to Lincoln in the car
for a meeting have that meeting with
jazz we then flew back both of us which
wouldn't expect to be back down to where
I live back that in my house and Jordan
and Elliot came round to well Elliot
came Jaffa drop off my camera which is
which he borrowed in yesterday's well
and then we returned it all go for a
little shack on a little drive for
Jordan drove round and we just went
chatting in the carwash this is the
music introducing some new songs and now
I'm back here it's about half past 10:00
at night and need to keep my fitness
game up I'm going for a quick run it's
actually really cold outside I'm going
to go for more of a short sprint than a
quick run right there's one thing that
I've wanted to do now for some time but
I've just been delaying
now what I'm going to do with Amazon
Alexa here is have her polluting so you
can see this lamp here on my stone lamp
is on my table and there's no cables
connected well because of taking
advantage of all the holes in this
little wooden table here and I routed
the cable through one of the holes now
because Alexis plug is well it is really
awkward actually can you guys see how
unnecessarily thick that thing is that
what I'm going to do is take an
extremely sharp blade and try and shave
some of its outer plastic off of this
cable so it can fit through this little
hole down here now as you can see
there's already two cables running down
the back of this nice wooden table and
one of them is for this lamp and the
other cable is for a Philips hue LEDs
that are actually underneath a nice
conceit of cable tie these in place up
here and ran them down this back pole
now I don't want a cable tie a lexer in
because I might want to move a sometime
in the future and if I do want to move
it somewhere downstairs we've got a
party I want to put it in the kitchen I
want it to be nice and easy so I've got
these little things out the IKEA cable
management kit and what they are is the
little things that you can put your
cable through with it with a sticky back
on them but the sticky back is not
powerful enough to stick onto a wood
they've got myself some superglue but a
lock tight I'm going to lock tight these
to the back of this table and then run
the cable down D those up there's still
a little double Glock because I ran out
of plug sockets down here but she's on
hello Alexa turn off wooden table okay I
like sir are you connected yeah I am
connected to the Internet
Alexa turn on the wooden table Alexa
play me some Andrew apple pie three guys
she's all work in it is so cool so this
has been my project to install the
floating Alexa and Erin I don't have a
cell phone outside how could I let you
far by yourself well I'm waiting for
someone
and let's just start that is really cool
three days of floating table all done it
looks absolutely amazing and the fact
there is no cables anywhere but like
Alexa and I just absolutely love the
amount of people that I just totally
move off when I say Alexa play Barbie
girl and I realize if you still hear a
like rating will be with you guys but
for now Maya's Malick's you guys been
awful guys they also keep smiling
you ready
oh yeah
