good morning guys how are y'all doing
guys my name is of course Alex and
welcome back to another daily vlog so
first off Alex how are you feeling after
yesterday I woke up this morning in a
little bit of a shock I woke up and I
was in shock because I felt exactly like
I did yesterday morning I had a headache
my throat was hurting I was in a bit of
a mess had a shower I've done a little
odor cleaning in here and now well I'm
feeling fairly okay like my throat hurts
but I can tell by tomorrow I will be
100% today so I'm probably about 85% if
you zoom in and look all around the
monitor stands as no dust is looking so
so so so clean all i to do now is order
some longer cables so instead of written
that down there and across deserts of
Whooper i can go across there and down
there and lisa and i need to order some
proper cable tacks to get rid of this
thing
but other than that guys is looking
absolutely awesome but yeah it's all
done and I've just got to edit the main
channel video hopefully it's gonna be a
Saturday night so everything in here is
well we're pretty much done it's
absolutely awesome just waiting on my
new computer and trust me it's gonna be
a beast
I really don't have huge plans today
spell it with you guys because obviously
I assumed that was going to be ill again
so I didn't I didn't plan anything
I mean what's new I've got sent a load
of stuff from August that me what this
thing and balsa meowt's that's inside of
here which I don't really have time to
check out but I'm off to a meeting in 15
minutes with some new potential video
clients who are having a wedding and
they want me to film film that wedding
for and then I gotta go and do two other
stupid job someone through the post
often sue me to do with the skip and it
could have sworn at Google were meant to
be sending me a message but I don't
think then they have I found it it was
on it was on somebody else's desk not a
bit back story yesterday yesterday
evening when I was ill I actually was
invited by Google down down to London
and apparently there was 20 of the
people going and it was a sit-down meal
right and trust me I really wanted to
get I have to cancel my invite because
obviously I was ill which really sucked
and apparently it was a really
confidential event and unless you were
out the event you're not gonna find out
what was going on I didn't even attend I
might drop the money Google and emails
so what was one that I miss I see if
they tell me I've been invited to Google
events before and they've been really
cool but they haven't been like is
strictly confidential but this one was
like a sit-down meal serious type of
thing kind of no I didn't go really
right okay to the tip so I've got this
box from home and all of these boxes
from the office so we've got all about
there all of this still to put in
broadly I've already filled the boot up
what to be
guys I've been citing this god-awful
traffic for the last 15 minutes right we
literally haven't moved but I've just
looked at the opening times and it says
8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
so if you guys know but in the UK if
you're not in the house and the postman
tries to deliver a parcel that doesn't
fit through the letterbox and you
physically have to open the door for him
to give you the parcel he will leave you
like a note that says come and pick you
up from the post-office the next working
day so I got one of those right I've got
one of these little notes that come pick
it up you went in I was probably asleep
to be honest with you and I'd ordered
some new batteries I order them in bulk
I order about 20 batteries in bulk for
this microphone that I vlog with and
therefore whenever an out I've always
got a spare one to handle I thought it
was those but that doesn't look like
9-volt batteries so all this is the oh
my the fun mail that you guys have sent
literally in the last like five days
which is absolutely incredible do not
bend account try not to and then this
thing I have absolutely zero idea what
this is and it's definitely not the
batteries I ordered whoa whoa whoa right
I know exactly all those but first
Pussycats
okay are you doing defense you're not
filming would know I'm not filming nah
Sonia will you tell your grandson please
it's been a flippin nuisance lot winter
2017 right grab my plates mistake I'll
see you soon
listen what am i listening for it's
February you should have a clothes right
thanks mate it's okay mate he's looking
out for me I'm always looking out for
you because he's got some work he needs
to do tomorrow where he needs two
cameras so he's she's growing my little
second baby camera take care of a bro
and also mate who's the be the best so
we absolutely brilliant seeing the
grandparents and my mother at low simmer
mum she makes me laugh so so so so much
mum is genuinely more of a friend to me
than a parent like it's just brilliant
my love my mom's relationship all of it
and the my granddad he has well for a
while but a lot he's got a load of
diseases of his mother stuff going on in
his brain so some of the stuff that he
comes out with his it's kind of funny he
was asking me if I could if I could get
him a good and I was like that's illegal
god mom made me a stay really enjoyed
that then I rushed her to the office met
Elliot here he has taken the a 6300
camera which we used for Tecmo but we're
not filming for techno this week as I
told you guys were meant to be filming
tech flow yesterday but I was ill so I
cancelled all of us those are taken my
tripod - he says it'll bring it back
tomorrow I like Heather
where I need to go and I need to stop
being a girl
and the reason I need to stop being a
girl is because I've been complaining to
you guys about this cold thing that I've
been having and yes I have been ill I
know that but I need to get a grip and
they say the best way to come over a
cold or try and get rid of a cold is to
is to sweat it out
sweet guys there we go gym session
finish feeling a lot more energized
after actually what when you go to the
gym on if you guys notice but it
releases something in your body called
endorphins and it's like a feel-good
hormone and it sounds like too good to
be true but just Jen generally just
exercise because it releases this
hormone called endorphins it just makes
you feel good just makes you feel better
like if you're feeling bad exercise
you'll just feel better that she's how
it works doesn't told you guys this
thing came in the post I have absolutely
zero idea what it is and I know that
it's from panca it came to my house I
think I was sleeping when it came so the
drop thing to the post I need to go to
the post office pick it up right you
guys can open it with me first person
let's do this here we go three two one
well that's interesting
thank you apparently what's this say as
we race towards the end of 2016
what what its 2017 now friends okay
pretty much anchor saying that they've
sold over 20 million products right 20
million happy anchor users and it's
their fifth anniversary all addresses
marks a lot of people say this I use
anchor products absolutely everywhere
right my main charging cable for my
iPhone is saying oh look it's an anchor
cable it's my main charging case I have
a drawer full of anchor cable my
charging station is all anchor stuff and
anchor charges my main battery pack is
an anchor portable battery so I did a
top 5 on tech flow showcasing some top 5
tech my top 5 tech of the month that I
really love and enjoy and I featured
some anchor products and I saw one
comment and one guy was like yeah anchor
definitely didn't pay for this he was
being sarcastic pretty much saying I
like Sanka paid for this didn't they
and no anchored don't pay me absolutely
anything
but I know why because it's better and
more durable than any other charger I've
used I use them myself on a daily basis
so it's better five-year anniversary
they've sent me this gift but I have no
idea what's inside it about to find out
oh wow what is this a little Bluetooth
sound cool now we've got here and anchor
for poor charger these things are
amazing I've already got one of these
oops queens are up we've got here five
thousand milliamp portable battery I've
already got one of these we've got here
a really really small anchor cable and
we've got a lightning cable that's also
really really small that is wicked what
is in this bad boy a micro micro USB
charging cable for this that is a car
charger and this thing I'm assuming is
the power supply thank you guys I really
appreciate all the stuff thank you ever
so much amazing congratulations on five
years running your company you've sold
over 20 million products that is amazing
as long as your cables keep getting
better and stronger I will continue to
use them throughout my daily life and
that is me saying this from my heart not
sponsored whatsoever anyway guys I'm
gonna end today's vlog it here but
before I do guys I just want to make
sure that um all you guys are following
my social media I'm like I'm trying to
get to it's like a far-off goal but I'm
trying to get to 100,000 followers on on
my Twitter and that will be absolutely
wicked if you guys can help me with that
if you guys wanna help with that were
you awesome some of Twitter is like at
Mars by gaming if you follow me I'm
really active on there and I try and
chat to you guys you guys can ask me
questions and you can see like my
updates and stuff so my twitter is at
mars bar gaming guys if you want to go
ahead and follow that I'll be that'll be
wicked and then to my Instagram is right
here and then I swear opposed to the
pictures of my cars and stuff and the
new guys can also you guys can also what
you guys doing photos of your cars and
so if you tagged me in them and I can
see them on Instagram my account is Alex
fro Mars a le x FR om AR z and i've also
got some other accounts as well so Alex
from Mars is my main account Bertie cool
with two E's it is my cat and then tech
flow is obviously but guys I'm gonna go
ahead and end it today's vlog here guys
my name's Ben Alex you guys have been
awesome guys stay awesome keep smiling
 say guys on my time I will guys
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog ready oh
yes
