guys this is slightly mental now
guys it's getting slightly mental now
you probably economics what are you
talking about well I'm talking about
this tweet right here I put this tweet
out guys saying about I would like to
hire somebody to help me do what I do
with my daily life all of my work my
production company my wireless stuff and
helping with these vlogs and the
response was absolutely overwhelming and
I just want to
oh she want to say thank you for that
response I'm getting to a stage in my
life now guys where I'd hope it's a good
thing or it's definitely a good thing
actually what I don't have enough time
to do what I want to do in the day with
all the work that I do as well as
running this vlog and different bits and
bobs like that and you guys are my first
port of call for getting somebody to
help me and don't worry I'm looking
through all the responses it's Matt
whooping hey guys good morning to you
all welcome to today's blog
I feel like it's a another best idea to
be riding an electric skateboard in my
local boots
for some reason I'm still doing anyway I
mean some toothpaste so guys a long time
ago and I say a long time ago because it
seems like a long time ago I'm talking
about a time before new year before we
were in 2018 before Christmas in fact of
2017 I did a video where in my bathroom
yes I did a bathroom giveaway I gave
away three of Asus top-of-the-line pugio
mice and mouse mats extended ones to go
with them and I run this giveaway for
about a month and I give away three I've
only got I've only got two of them here
that's because ROG or aces said the
other mouse mat and mouse off to one of
the winners and I've got these two here
ready to send off to the other two the
other two winners and the winners are
I'm gonna name them and not shame them
because you just won this we don't got
ourselves David David you should be
receiving yours very soon because aces
have already sent it out and then we've
got Lewis who's gonna receiving this one
and well congratulations Tobias for
winning this set I'm gonna get these
sent out guys tomorrow
so this is telling me with all of this
work stuff and trying to involve you
guys on my actual work life and all
these giveaway giveaway so that maybe I
treat you guys a little bit tip maybe I
should move a little bit meaner to you
guys now I don't like that right so guys
I bought this unit from Ikea a long time
ago and well I kind of I made a mistake
I had down here a nice brown lovely unit
and it matched the color of my desk and
and everything now it looks really good
everybody said it looks really good but
for some reason I bought this thing
thinking this would look good and in
fact it just looks really cheap and
horrible and everybody told that to me
at the time and I just didn't have time
to take it back or even do it so I left
it but after yesterday's rug guys I
think I saw a unit that we could replace
this with and then there's also some
else that I want to buy for the office
so guys back to the brand-new shop
that's just opened up in my new town the
range what at least you've just been
what should have taken five minutes of
normal traffic that wasn't five minutes
a normal traffic it was like half an
hour in really bad traffic has taken you
guys milliseconds to travel to the shop
with me and this is what I want okay
guys I don't think the one round there
is tall enough so I found this one but
this one's not long enough I just don't
think that's tall enough guys okay guys
regrettably I've already messed up once
which you guys you guys have told me it
didn't like the unit and I don't really
like it I'm not sure why I bought it but
I'm not gonna mess up twice messing at
once well you learn through mistakes but
messing up twice that's a choice and
we're not doing that
okay guys what I'm not gonna do is waste
a trip out here it literally took me
half an hour so I bought some of these
but for a good reason right you guys
know I'm the LED King right oh if that's
news to you then hi I'm Alex I'm the LED
King here on YouTube I put LEDs
absolutely everywhere anyway these right
were like 18 pounds for a 5 meter strip
of waterproof LEDs now that in the LED
world is pretty good like that's pretty
pretty good you can buy LEDs off like
eBay a little bit cheaper but sometimes
you don't they don't come with that with
the transformer or there's something
missing and where the hell is the
transformer it's literally just that
thing well I just sniffed the early B's
that's metal
anyway you've always said to yourself
Alex why have you bought this set of
LEDs
well there's one reason why I've done
this and it's for the office that wasn't
wasted in that trick guys as you can see
up here there's now there's now a big
mess and I've got two strips of LEDs one
that rooms that way a one that runs this
way but as you can see this one is kind
of broken and this one doesn't stop
flashing and changing color and even
when I used to have both sides the same
color the color temperature is slightly
different because there are different
set you guys get the point so it's time
to get the hammer out and put this new
set up and hopefully they're a little
bit brighter than these and the whole
thing will be the same
Wow guys this this looks so sick
I've actually got look red green and
blue and if you guys are not a red green
blue is red green and blue if you put
them all together well that makes what
what I need to do is change the strip up
there to green to match this one wait
guys let you see up here green red and
blue makes white but what this one to
just be green there we go now it matches
the roof so it goes red all the way to
green and then to blue that looks so
much cooler oh and by the way if you
guys didn't win this that don't worry
because I've got a load more gear ready
for giveaways down here just look at all
this juicy boxed up goodness we're gonna
have to come back to the office guys
later when it's pitch dark outside and
just see what this looks like
let's go put this in the car because I
need to take it home for a quick project
video yesterday and this arrived in the
PA box right it's from a fan yet open
that and see what it says this gift is
for Jacob sorry it won't arrive until
after Christmas hope you will enjoy it
from Alice shout out to Alex so this is
why I'm just so blessed to have such an
awesome audience that you guys don't
understand how much you appreciate it in
Alice thank you for sending presents to
the Pierre box this is sick you don't
understand how much my brother is loving
this right now by the way bro I take you
off a little bit apparently this is
football-related this is awesome if you
guys didn't know Jacob ops that he loves
his football and I think Alice tweeted
me and said she'd send something in a
parable to Jacob when she said it was
football related so I'm actually quite
intrigued to see what this is three two
topher till whoo dude mental primate let
me read you this it says choose one
stadium tour from Chelsea Stamford
Bridge Liverpool ass field Manchester
City Manchester United Newcastle Wembley
or what stung dude doesn't matter bro
that is literally insane what do you say
toilets if you don't know what one Billy
is it's like a huge stadium that can fit
88,000 family you know the occupancy of
the stadium is just blows my mind
because I would have no idea
he loves look Alex you don't understand
how much you just made him happy this is
sick
this is just insane massive thank you to
Wallace yeah you happy yeah alex is
literally going mental thank you so much
how big one blue stadium is thank you
now we've got two very exciting works
they're coming up in the easter holidays
we're going to to the Wembley Stadium
and we're going around a chocolate
factory as well we've got loads plan bro
sick isn't it
bro knuckle-touch Alice thank you again
you don't understand how half with us
that's made him I over to do hippie
shows
sorry guys all of you need to check this
out you ready for this I did this last
night you ready Alexa turn on the video
lights okay ah so guys the office looks
absolutely awesome and I'm animal of
with it I'm gonna live with it RGB the
colours look amazing in there the videos
from now on in the office should look so
much deeper one of the main things with
video is obviously you guys are looking
at the focus of this right now which is
me talking but if the background is
boring then the whole image is boring
hence why I like to be able to do things
like this
okay and guys lighting for this evening
is gonna play a massive part in what I'm
doing because as you guys know I bought
my really out my SuperDuper expensive
Manfrotto slider back from the office
and there's one reason I've bought the
slider back and that's because guys ah
I'm doing a setup video yes you heard me
right a good old-fashioned set up video
and what I'm going for guys with this
set up video is to film the best setup
on the whole of YouTube in the best
quality on the whole of YouTube with the
best equipment on the whole of YouTube
probably the most equipment but this
camera quality is is fairly insane and
seen as well guys this is the last year
I'm gonna be having a gaming setup in
this house guys don't forget your setup
in the bathroom too and also the awesome
PC that powers everything you know they
say guys it's not bragging if you can
back it up do you know what I mean Mike
and I used to do guys a yearly setup
video and I think guys it's about time
that I haven't done it for two years my
last year in this house before we move
into the new baby I think guys we should
be doing a setup video so that is
exactly what I'm about to film for you
guys I told you guys 2018
main channel tech flow the vlogs my
businesses that I'm running everything
is going up just that next level
so guys you leave me and my slider alone
for this evening and we are gonna make
some sexy ass content and unfortunately
guys yes you guessed it that's what I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's daily
vlog here guys I really do hope you've
enjoyed it and if you did a like rating
would really really really help me out
trying to inspire people everyday to go
out and just do the most random things
and have fun whilst doing it guys as
usual the end of every video if you
haven't bought your merch I do sell
merch is in the description guys if you
haven't dropped to like a light will be
awesome if you're not subscribed please
subscribe and if you are subscribed
click that bell so you get notified with
my ugly face every single day so you can
keep up with that grind that I'm doing
on YouTube guys but for now - Ben I like
you guys have been awesome I'll see you
tomorrow
adios
