good afternoon guys what's going down my
name is of course Alex and yeah I'm not
joking by the title of the video I'm not
gonna be vlogging today now as you can
see my room is it's a bit but it's a bit
of a mess right more on that more on
that a little bit a little bit later so
I've mentioned this a few times in the
vlog recently and I've been having major
problems sleeping ever since I ever
since I came back from Vegas from CES
it's sort of proper messed me up by in a
bad way then the issue is it's been 20
odd days since I got back since I got
back from Vegas but that's not the issue
anymore that has been sorted out the
issue with that was my sleep schedule
was was really messed up like really bad
not going to bed until 5 a.m. but that
was fine because I shoot a vlog every
day I shoot a video every single day of
my life so I'll be up from like 1 a.m.
to 5 a.m. editing the vlog and then I'll
sleep and then wake up and record
another vlog and that's the thing with
this vlog you you get wake up you sort
yourself out have a shower do what you
need to do personally you pick up a
camera and start making a video
you come home you edit that video you
sleep rinse and repeat the next day I
went to bed at 12:30 last night right
but I'm absolutely shattered and the
reason is I was waking up all through
the night last night only if you can
tell in my voice or if you can look at
my eyes I've had a shower since I woke
up this morning and I had a load of
honey and toast and hot water and coffee
I've also taken a bucket load of tablets
like paracetamol and I've also been out
and bought this special thing which you
sit down the backi throat and it's like
spray in your throat my throat is
absolute agony right now my tonsils are
absolutely massive back there well
nothing a lot of tonsillitis I think
I've just got a really really really bad
throat and it just really hurts to talk
now I'm not gonna be stuck here not
doing anything all day though like hold
up a minute okay just like and check out
my room and this is kind of what's going
down right now it's kind of kind of just
a little bit manic and I need to get
this sorted out today so I'm not going
to be not doing anything
today I woke up this morning with the
plan to record a vlog record a main
Channel video and saw all this stuff out
which I'm gonna be down on my knees
soaring and doing different things and
trying to talk to a camera if I can also
going to record a tech flow video today
I've totally cancelled that too but I
need to get this main Channel video
sorted and it's about probably all I can
squeeze out of myself today but then
again I don't want to just turn up out
and blue at 6 o'clock without a video
and not let you guys know because we're
a family on this thing this is how this
works and possibly the reason I'm so ill
today as well is maybe because I've ever
worked myself so guys hopefully I'll be
back tomorrow thanks for understanding
ok I'm not ending the vlog I'm gonna
blog today I shouldn't blog today I'm
not gonna vlog anyway it might be a
rubbish vlog I'm still gonna do it gotta
keep pushing forward right Jess here
we're gonna film the rest of this for
the manger
right guys I'm very very very happy to
announce that well part four of redoing
the ultimate setup is is now complete
now obviously guys I'm not gonna show
you massively around it in this vlog
number one because I am just really
really really really ill and number two
well because you guys need to wait for
the main internal video on a bill
somehow booked for this and I want you
guys to be really excited for it on the
main channel on the main channel videos
I try and go for the persona of it
sounds really strange but go get some
snacks get some food wait for it to load
in 4k sit down and just enjoy the full
20 minute video so the main channel
video is obviously I'm not gonna be
doing that many of them probably one
every two weeks or so so I'm gonna be
putting a lot of work into them a lot of
effort and I want them to be just really
mg or not and not sort and not sort of
taken for granted like a vlog can be now
oh he's gonna upload every day anyway
that's not the case for the main final
videos I'm gonna try really really
really hard and make these things
please tell me my new lens has autofocus
to my face
please so guys I took to Twitter and I
said I said something like this I said
knowing that I am really really ill and
I feel dreadful should I'd be trying to
put a vlog together or not and everybody
was like no don't do a vlog what's the
point in doing the vlog you're just
gonna run yourself down even more right
but you see I wish that was the case the
thing is with me my illness at the
moment I've got energy I've got so much
energy but every time I try and use that
energy it shakes my brain which really
hurts I've got a bad throat sore trying
to talk really hurts but I've got the
energy to do stuff so the thing is if I
stay in bed which is number one thing I
wouldn't want to do anyway because I
hate staying in bed and wasting time and
number two if I did do that I've not
been using any of Manatee there for
tonight I won't be able to get to sleep
so come to the office I've done all of
my emails of which I had a lot of but
there's no where it couldn't do a blog I
just could not do a video like that's
just that's just not me and I'm really
motivated at the moment to make content
because I've got my Branly lens on my
camera and I absolutely love it only
downside with it is though that I can't
like zoom in or anything is fixed at 28
millimeter but you guys don't worry
Uncle Al has got his way around the
zooming so you guys all back at home now
new setup looking absolutely awesome and
it's picked something out though because
listen to this but whenever the light
goes around the trackpad these speakers
make a really weird like high-pitched
noise what I need to get is something
called a ground loop isolator which
should hopefully help that anyway guys I
want to go ahead and apologize even I've
really got nothing to be sorry for for
me being ill nothing I can really do
about it I'm gonna go ahead get this
forget it did then get to sleep and wake
up tomorrow hopefully feeling a little
bit more fresh and energized guys but
for now guys my name's Alex you guys
have an awesome guys stay and keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
vlog adios
