good morning guys how are you all doing
guys my name is and yeah welcome welcome
back to another daily vlog this is one
unedited vlog looks like so you can see
the slow-motion clips here light of the
carwash yesterday and then there's all
me talking everyday is about 50 minutes
50 60 minutes worth of footage condensed
down to around 7 to 10 minutes and how
much of this concept just absolutely
baffles me there now for well over a
year every single day I've started my
morning with right so hey guys what's
going on my name is ice and welcome back
to another daily vlog that just blows my
mind as long as you guys are doing the
content I suppose I'm more than happy so
we're not taking my car today for the
cheeky session we're taking Gees whip
whip check so rockin the Corsa D today
we've got the edge sub in the back up
front of the apple carplay we've got
gorgeous 16 inch rims on this bad boy
let's get to link
what you feeling mate just a bit cheeky
mate
thank you very much
that's it mate so this is what we get
from Nando's you get the garlic bread we
get the peri chips we get these extra
hot sunset burger and then on the side
we've got ourselves our hot chicken
butterfly Cheers nine days so I come in
to the Angels grab a coffee and what
song are they playing
you still love it here we go
London camera exchange let's ease
they've got why I want in here cover
wise
what's that is it also focusing on my
face no that's what I mean it's like the
reliabilities what you want to vlog with
this no I don't I don't bomb I'm gonna
be stood there now it kind of has to be
hasn't it keep going back and forth
focus on you see if I do that what
happens when I present shut up when in
three two one like that what's happened
now focus in focus in focus in naming
papers now I'm in focus so this is the
fifty mil 1.8 alright nothing to test it
out so this is the 50ml 1.8 Sony lens
this will autofocus with some luck and
then this is the F 2.0 twenty eight mil
what's this looking like if I'll out
hold it out is it all defocusing okay
what's the gist
hopefully it's getting my face I'm
hoping sort of focus on my face I'm
buying this lens which one is it this
one the 28 mil F 2.0 for the main
Channel videos I think it should do just
fine
well enjoy thank you good day - thanks
man I'll see you soon mate how can it
work a little bit Russell just got back
new lens on sods law I'm probably not in
focus but can you guys let me know what
the crack is if you like it if you don't
like it yada yada yada this is gonna be
for mainly for them mainly for the main
channel videos right speaker mention the
videos need to film one right now but
not with this message sweet guys I don't
think people really understand how long
it takes to film these main channel
videos let me let me quickly show you
something guys look look at this look
how mad this is what well honestly guys
it's honestly I'm sweaty
I need to have a shower we're about to
start filming because it just got too
late and all I've done is put these here
and and changed all this round and put
some guys it's honestly ridiculous guys
like you just got like cables hanging
down here and it's obviously man how
long these main channel videos take to
shoot but still do you guys like the new
heads is it is it good I think it's good
isn't it hopefully it's good what my
desk is just a mess I just can't use
this right now did you guys like my text
tone see you guys guys let me know we
think of the new lens down in in the
comment section down below I really know
what you guys want to think about do you
think I could vlog with it kind of hold
it out is it wide enough is it sharp
enough is it
is there a nice blurred background the
plan is for like the main channel videos
is to have like this chair
here and then like to have a shot of me
like right there and hopefully the
backgrounds light or blurred out like if
that's focused on the chair like that
and then hopefully like I can sit here
and the backgrounds like all blurry
stuff that's what my main aim with this
lens that's all point for the main
channel to make things look super crisp
my camera on my phone isn't working like
why why I can only want to just take a
picture of this because I'm actually
just about to wipe it all off because I
want to sort I want to redo it I wonder
we do this board tomorrow and get my get
myself sorted out these are the things I
want to improve on guys I want to get up
earlier and I want to make main channel
videos and the only way I can juggle all
about at once as well as doing these
vlogs and managing everything else is to
get a plan sorted and the best way to
have a plan is to visualize it so this
is gonna be my plan all right guys I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog here
I'm super happy we've got this lens
sorted out guys really really cool stuff
let me know what you think of it in the
comment section down below guys and if
you're still here a like rating would be
wicked but for now guys my husband Alex
you guys minerals and guys stay awesome
keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog you ready oh yes
Oh
