the balloon guys how we're doing one
amazed of course I like guys and welcome
to Monday one of the main reasons they
love the Monday day of the week and a
lot of other people hate mondays like
they're like I hate mondays
I absolutely love Monday absolutely love
this that's gonna be wrong I feel
absolutely shattered from the weekend
and I know everybody else's but Monday's
are brilliant because I can think to
myself what's going to happen there's
going to be cool and positive this week
it's like a new Kumbha and my goal is by
Friday of this week you have had a
pretty productive week to do some cool
stuff for myself culture for the vlog
and just had a great time first Monday
morning twelve o'clock meeting
let's toss it over the plugin back on
again see what there we go my Monday
morning meeting over and done with
they have the most gorgeous dog called
Billy I absolutely love him he's
brilliant but he wouldn't stop jumping
up and like biting my fighting machines
right I've been told about this really
cool shop and I was just going to go
home today
so got some work to do but I'm going to
go to this shop now apparently it's like
a like a mini IKEA oh my god I've
literally got one mile left in the tank
oh no guys what I'm not gonna do oh my
god no we're not gonna make anywhere
I've arrived I absolutely love
spontaneous day right now burger and
check out what I've been told is a
budget IKEA I'm in here cuz I want to
check out sofas and prices and things
like this is 1,400 pounds but that'd be
so nice so nice and the live streaming
always reducing a little bit cooler like
like this one here this one's pretty
sweet the sofa bed as well a very good
one oh yeah I love meeting subscribers
when I come out it's like the best thing
got no news vlogging cameras in with all
the same old ones avoid a 6500 and the
rx100 mark 5 with a new bat boys check
out but they don't have them here
thought they would but they don't have
the mark 4 but not the mark fine but
this lumic has caught my eye it has like
a wait a minute a filter ball screen and
at one point for length and 4k that
could be a brilliant vlogging camera I
found it this is Tiger Thursday because
it this is like IKEA version oh my god I
saw those random things
now I'm honestly so weird Streamlight
okay they have like records but then
they also have like record frames and I
wanted to get some of these
that was one of these stranger shops
I've ever been in ever was a slight bit
of a disappointment no new cameras and
this makeshift IKEA called Tiger yeah I
care as much better way I've always
stood here from from loot crate I have
no idea what any of it is right I don't
want to I'm going to show you what's in
here because it's been signed the core
melt afraid to discuss some ways you'll
appreciate it if you guys could tell me
if this is valuable or not and if it is
I'll just give it away well something
even I want to do to get away for a
moment more on that later
boo pickups we've got a t-shirt and
overwatch pop Reaper is I like rare or
something I have no idea what he got one
of these okay that's pretty cool so no
multi-tool shot blasted so that's pretty
cool tech how many of you actually do
this loot crate thing and do you
actually enjoy it I just like I could
totally get it if you were into like
what they give you but it's like enough
sort of doesn't same thing and I'm
shaving these at home I didn't need some
sauce bolder than enough this has been
fairly useless I'm sure you guys don't
want to give this stuff away a DS
ideally of course who enjoys it you do
it let me know in the comments I'm
really really intrigued by down by the
way games I think by the way does the
thing without fun to me look at this
right it's absolutely incredible I've
got it here under obviously I don't have
it I don't keep it turned on because the
bad children our need to figure out a
way to get it like hardwired into me one
of the way guys I really hope you
enjoyed the vlog I did about the
vlogging cameras and stuff a lot of you
found that really interesting and
hopefully like like really intuitive
hopefully you learned something some
news next week next week restarting on
this bad boy
that means from now we've got about 8
days to get all the comments in on the
Qt and then you guys obviously get to
win the DJI phantom
three sweet guys arises from the office
got myself some tea edited yesterday's
vlog uploaded it and then spend
literally about 45 minutes - it's our
replying to the comments section on
snapchat replies you guys up even even
this evening been on QP so for the next
three weeks every night 6 o'clock I'm
going to be on snapchat for like I don't
know try beyond that like 45 minutes in
the eg conversation appliance you guys
on Q to applying for you guys to get
yourselves writing things in my QT pages
on QT comm anything and I'm going to try
and be on there applying to you guys and
obviously Mazal put stuff in the
electric UT and in the live streaming
Q's because that's where the giveaways
are at the moment so you and I do listen
to you guys everyone said Alex don't do
giveaways on QT because it always
crashes and it's just not very user
friendly and what have I done what have
I done I'd give them feedback for the QT
team I pulled them off I've been like
guys this thing can't be crashing if I'm
using it and then I'm spending all these
people to it so it made it really easy
to sign up you can sign up with your
Google account Facebook Twitter anything
you can sign up with your accounts that
you already have and it doesn't crash
anymore we've been spending a lot of
money on better servers and stuffs yeah
right I'm feeling in a really creative
mood I'm going to go out this evening
and take some photos I love games clean
car man delicious just a noise when it
starts up as well it's just like correct
oh I like the works wait they're going
to give up or gamer cards that you just
left my house you try it Alexa are you
connected yes I am connected to the
Internet
it's honestly works every time and this
is my favorite one just listening to the
radio on it because it gets like
internet radio it's such good quality I
like to play BBC Radio 1 BBC Radio 1
from tune in right
there you go so what I'm going to do
right little bit of a back mission right
now I'm on this road it's a road is not
very you so it's not very used very
often okay I've been sat here in the
middle of it for the last minute and a
half and nothing's come down it so what
I do is try and park my car in them
another Road
set my camera up and then try and take a
long exposure of it so it's all like
it's hard to explain very dark out there
the way to get light into this camera
lens is to use what's called a long
exposure so keep the shutter open for as
long as possible right the cars coming
oh my god my shutter speed is so like
you guys are like going metal right now
I need to move because a car coming
let's start this mob way back up get my
should feedback to higher there we go
now you guys and I should see let's pull
back over here there we go on the good
old Hazzard right what I did was I had
these lights turned off and what it was
I'm a phone like drops hook in this bit
down here looking back up at the seat of
the car so hopefully in the photos the
seats should be lit up hopefully and I
also had the door handle lights on so
that those calls of light around each
side of the car let's head back to the
ranch
is I am free three guys so these are
these photos are allowed to come up with
very three two one boom there's the best
one and then here's a few failed
attempts it's always good to show you
failed attempts in you work and you can
look about what went wrong with them and
how to improve on now if you want me to
go out and take some nighttime photos by
yourself I highly recommend it it's very
very very fun but you're doing what I'm
doing I'm putting the car in the middle
of the road which is still a public road
when the cars are still coming in yes
there's numerous times where I saw a car
coming and had to pull my car off the
road very dangerous I wouldn't recommend
doing it but you want to your own risk
really it'll be the other car you know
always take photos of your car just go
out and try and take some nighttime
photos and stuff I think the setting I
use there for the best one was a ISO of
1500 a shutter speed of 10 and an S dot
of four because of the lowest my
vlogging lens can go to excite it the
lowest death start for the better
because it lets more light tip between
guys that it was really fun really
enjoyed doing that and going up being a
little bit creative and now I have them
all
opposed to put over on my Instagram and
Twitter and all the things like that so
if you don't follow me on those I highly
recommend you do because I am very very
active so on that and if you still hear
a like rating would be wicked if you
watch chance to win over a thousand
pounds worth of free stuff I'm quite
leaving a giveaway for all of my
subscribers check out yesterday's vlog
but guys to now find as much you guys
been awesome guys sales and keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog
ah
Oh
