one of the hardest things I find in my
life and I'm talking now my life pretty
much consists around trying to make a
youtube video every single day one of
the hardest things i find is when the
weather's not nice it really sucks it's
depressing everybody stuck inside now
unfortunately there's not much you can
really do about it and that's the most
frustrating thing except for stay inside
all day and do the boring jobs I'm just
about to pay my corporation tax which
will welcome to the other world and I've
only just entered the other world I
think it's something you have to pay
once a year by the end of January I
haven't paid mine yet and I'm about to
play it now but that means it's going to
be a day late and what happens when
you're a day late you get a hundred
pound fine brilliant so what we
established so far the weather's awful
outside I'm going to get fine it's just
one of these things reminds me that when
you're a kid and you want it you'll I
always want to grow up and then once
you're older you're like oh can I be a
kid again please Macklin guys know what
are going guys my name is of course Alex
and you guys have asked today chill out
Sunday vlog right hello let's see how
you doing you okay where's my boy I
reckon he's under here Harry is there
either by him I got him okay yeah these
guys followed by his instagramming first
cool was it one easy and Ebert politics
Rania sweet food on consume yes guys I
know it's Sunday and you guys have said
I need to chill out I'm gonna try and
chill out however I do have a meeting in
about 45 minutes but it's where it's a
really cool meeting it's a meeting that
also involves you guys so that's going
to be wicked uh yeah i'll let you guys
know what what happens in the meeting
after the meeting and hopefully it
should have a positive outcome for all
of us yeah meeting on a sunday i didn't
i didn't see that coming either now this
is absolutely killing me I just want to
go to the office and do something cool
in the park but you guys are right I
mean chill now got about half an hour
before I need to lead to my meeting so
I'm gonna do is go ahead and take out
these consoles and do some work on this
room to help me out on Tuesday when it
comes to I've got a second power pop for
Alex chill out Alex do a Q&A I'll exist
I like that I can't stop putting guys
all finished up all tiny now just in
time for my meeting this afternoon the
weather today has been so dark bill and
depressing I thought to play a lot of
bills I pin my tax and it's just
horrible but I just haven't had a very
very very nice day today to be honest
with you it's just everything I've done
today just being a drag and what I did
was lie all these rubbish things
actually like paying my tax and paying
all these bills I left them all to do on
one day and I shouldn't have done that
man I just do them slowly and do them
when you need to do don't leave it don't
leave it all to one day don't push it
back just get stuff that I've learned a
lesson today and that lesson is in
everybody's lives there's things that
crop up that you just don't want to do
but if you get them over and done with
it makes it so much easier don't push
things back guys let's recap what we've
done in the last week on the floor we've
installed this new amazing equipment
while kind of not properly install there
but we heard it let's say that I managed
to be optimistic and put these lights up
which
they do just look absolutely amazing
look at them we've received some awesome
stuff from ROG was how to look at a load
of vlogging camera and I've given you my
personal opinions on them and we've
talked about what we're going to do in
here I just put these playstation and
xbox back case i'm not hundred percent
sure how i'm actually going to lay them
out on the table isn't going to have
them flat out or I don't know so I'm
just going to leave them here so now
that all of the looks still and I'm
going to toy around with a few ideas and
see what I like but first I'm going to
go to this meeting nothing okay then
please you using your key man your man
this shit is the driving right well
that's the look anyway on them look at
them you're going down to heaven let me
know if you need oh so you guys just
arrived home I really apologize for not
blogging as soon as I left the meeting
unless you got in my car straight away
drove back home it's currently cooking
it down outside that meeting with so
cool the reason it involves you guys
because I have well one thing led to
another and this is the Amazon echo I'm
actually giving away for you guys are
you guys know how to enter the giveaway
I'm sure you do by now hello yes the
Amazon echo is still working in my car I
know a lot of you have commented about
it and I haven't spoken about it more on
that in a second but yes this is the
Amazon echo and current giving away and
this it well they give me an Amazon echo
remote to be honest with you I have no
idea what the remote does or so guys if
you want to win now I know a lot of you
already know about this but skip it on
10 or 15 seconds by clicking the key on
the keyboard to skip the video on right
if you want to enter I'll put the links
in the description right to enter the
echo giveaways the cutie pages the
description click on that link and it's
going to bring you up with a page sign
up to the website and then all you have
to do is leave a comment and what I was
thinking was why don't you do a if they
made an Alexa to warn amazon echo to
what could be improved just put any sort
of comment leave a comment on there
about anything about Alexa what you like
about it what you don't like about it
anything to do with Amazon echo or alexa
or ever you
wanna call her sighs how you enter this
giveaway and then side no I'm also
giving away 2 DG I phantom 3 drone 2
which is a really wicked giveaway enter
that one if you want to enter that one
again same thing link in the description
click on that one I'll make sure to
label for you guys you know which one's
the Alexa and the Phantom if you want to
enter the Phantom one click on the
Phantom link and all you have to do is
that link is just help me out by putting
a comment on the page saying something
what we could do in the ultimate live
streaming room and I is the only way you
guys have to enter the only thing you
have to do right there's no following
anything now follow me on Twitter I mean
can t 1 Alexa are you online officially
maybe but not in the same way that you
are live play I'm so by Andrew apple pie
and say bye and your one will be from
sporty Foley these guys Alexa is still
working in my car I use her on the daily
basis right I'll take this upstairs now
pretty sure Tommy's in here murder yeah
hey girls i miss built a new lights and
so V naught is that anymore exactly why
did it so I spent all the money it
wasn't to make it look better anything
unfair present challenge for you yeah
Jews vision guys all finished really
really good session there and yeah don't
have a clue what this is but what I'm
going to go ahead and do is put this
with the drone that i'm giving away and
then you know what guys I haven't told
you something I'm going to put that
their local way ends in 10 days I've
never specified and have a specified a
time ten days left so wednesday the ATF
every 2017 is when this giveaway for
both of the item is done LM a brilliant
made coming down now cheers man episodes
overlap you all right now it is that web
metal syllable cheers mate thank you
very much matches is what the most
malleable people legend Tony Zeiss enjoy
nagar tonight easy you usually get your
own tweets legend he's on the mighty
miles with me is there and doing it
we've got the cookie dough sick how
people say like what's avoiding but why
do you get to democracy in all this
rubbish no i don't you understand we go
to the gym so we can eat this rubbish
much so good man he's like that but i
see what you guys have sent in this week
is this warm definitely says please open
on camera so we're just going to do this
right now obviously how to decide
socratis it's like big boxes and stuff
opened on my main channel videos like my
main channel videos on a cave openings
and I'm hoping smaller letters on the
blog on every Sunday Session why is this
man this which is wasn't for plastic
well it's tough going on here what the
hell going down I was pretty of my logo
for me dude I appreciate thank you to
Alex you're the best consumer because
you come up with a new video every day
for me to enjoy and you always bring
smiles you might say I think you should
do more videos of the drone well dude I
wish I could do more bitter to the drone
I'm trying my best to do so trying to
get my drone license I promise then
we're getting spy too and the drone will
be the best remember you've ever seen in
your life so just hang in there guys to
promise right so hey you guys read on
camera hi my name is jay college I've
been watching you since you have 50,000
subscribers on YouTube I'm sorry I
couldn't write this on a shoot a favor
lashes my handwriting is terrible well
dude your letter for my thing is
brilliant you have in my mobile yeah you
have in my
I can't speak today you have been my
role model for such inspiration for ages
and you have helped me through some very
bad times like things had it cool and
I'm worried about every single day that
watch your videos because they say
expiring this is really this is really
growing on this is so cool you should
have 1 billion subscribers on youtube
because you deserve it Thanks when
you're so inspiring and keep up the good
work you are awesome and he's also put
me a little bit to read off camera so
I'm going to read that now honestly
these messages everything day I actually
love reading them because they just
bring so lately so much joy
ah
