okay vlogging on an iPhone is a lot
harder than I thought come on guys my
name is of course I like some guys
welcome to another day like watch this
three I'm not using the whole vlog today
on my phone my camera is working I'll
show you what it's doing in a second
it's because I woke up at Maria's this
morning and my main camera battery was
dead so I started the blog on my phone
my main camera is currently doing a
time-lapse let's start the vlog I'm
rethinking this whole gimbal thing you
know this this gimbal thing that we
unboxed in the vlog and test it out like
last week or the week before last or
whenever it was you see the thing is
when I get new things from from
different companies instead of like I
sort of do like love getting stuff I
absolutely love it but if I'm trying to
make a video on it I don't really get
chance to sort of test it out in my own
time and see what I actually think of it
because I'm just thinking of the sort of
shots I can get for it for the vlogs I
make sense and wants to take it out
today and not let you guys know but I'm
gonna put it all on charge and then
leave it here and it was all dead you
see gonna leave it here late charged up
in its own time I'll start today's video
I need to go and sort something out God
my plans are clean so arrived back at
Maria's house and if you don't know
Maria actually studies like photography
and stuff at uni she want some help
taking taken some photos
I started doing before I started doing
YouTube videos right and by the way
thanks for asking the photoshoot with
Mia didn't happen so I can't say it went
well because she was stressing out
because she's got a party this evening
or something and apparently it was a
party on that's a big stressful thing
for a girl not for me if there's a party
there's a party I go to welcome home
simple eyes but for girls is totally
different like that's totally money
since it's one of her friends and
twentieth birthday parties today so
she's going to that this evening anyway
we didn't take the photos
oh yeah so before I did before it did
YouTube videos I I did promotional
videos for companies I went to college
and I was doing creative media which is
radio or film production and all these
different types of things like that
including promotional video and wedding
videos and everything video is what I'm
interested in and that's what I did
before I did this
and one of my my and one of my most
proudest bits of work is actually a
wedding video but I can't show that but
one day my sprouting the videos I've
ever done in my life was the video I did
for the angel for the angel coffee house
it's really easy to make bad espresso
people come here and I served a coffee
and I'm happy knowing that myself and my
staff conserve consistently good coffee
every time
and I think that's what keeps people
coming back now I'll drop a link to that
in the comment section and in the
description because if you guys want to
go and check it out I was I think I was
I was eight seventeen eighteen at least
I think I was seventeen and when I
actually showed the owner of the coffee
shop this video right she was in tears
she said it was phenomenal and it was
the best image she's ever seen circling
back to me saying I like to make people
happy
so before I did YouTube I made
promotional videos right hence why I
have this camera now as you can see by
the title of this vlog this video is
going to be about vlogging setups
alright so if there's any of you that
aren't interested in that - now watch
yesterday's video I'll watch tomorrow's
vlog and threes I'm doing this isn't
because I really want to it's because I
get so many comments on it and it's an
area that I know a lot about so a
further adieu Alex number one question
why do you blog with the sony a7s mark -
a 100 pound gorilla pod at 1,000 this
said to hear this this sense of this is
worth 120 the camera's worth 2,000 the
lenses worth 1000 and this is worth 120
Alex why do you blog with this well I
didn't buy this camera to necessarily do
vlogs I bought this camera to make
promotional videos right what I'm saying
is if I was revisiting this I wouldn't
buy this camera and I wouldn't be
vlogging with it number one it's too
expensive if anything breaks and number
two it's too big heavy and bulky so in
this video together all of us we're all
gonna compare and do this together we're
gonna compare my overkill vlogging
camera right here to a GoPro to a budget
Android phone to a Google pixel - to an
iPhone 7 plus in my purse
in my personal opinion there's three
things that make four things that make a
good vlogging setup right these are my
four things that I want and this is
going to be in order to the most useful
to the least useful yeah I guess the
number one thing you need autofocus when
you log in if you have the ability to
point your camera at something and feel
camera then to just autofocus onto that
that is the main key second thing
everybody overlooks this audio quality I
could have at the Christmas Clara's HD
video ever but if my audio quality
sounds like an absolute pile of rubbish
no one's gonna watch number three is to
be in HD and number four is image
stabilisation so you can nail those four
things then you can move on to nice
things like slow motion and time-lapse
speeches if you've been a long time
watching my vlogs you know I love time
lapses and you'll know that I love it
slow motion I'm one of the only vlog as
a thing that includes slow motion
heavily in my vlogs now this camera and
most modern phones can shoot this one be
shields to 240 FPS at 720 my main camera
this one can shoot 1080p at 120 fps
that's why I have my phone set to the
bus table it's gonna test out the neat
features I'm gonna take this phone and
this camera outside I think it's just
started raining I'm gonna try and record
some slow-motion first the a7s
looking back on this major difference
probably not nothing really
no I started this vlog out using my
phone now this is a very up-to-date
phone the Google pixel autofocus working
absolutely rapidly and as you can see
I'm in brilliant quality so Alex why
don't you just use a phone so Alex
stabilization a wide lens good audio
quality HD why don't you use a GoPro
because it's too wide it's far too wide
it looks like the room I'm in is a
fishbowl compared to my normal camera
what you don't want to do is distort the
audience because I enjoy it I am doing
messing around with camera equipment and
I enjoy overkill I absolutely look using
this thing every single day I think this
camera look okay just because other
vloggers use a big rig like this doesn't
mean you can vlog with a phone because
you can right I'm gonna put some
vlogging cameras in the description with
price ranges right my all-time top pick
so depending on how much money you have
to spend you can get what is in my
opinion my opinion the best choice for a
vlogging camera judging on all of the
facts I've given you today oh you see
that that's why I didn't vlog with an
expensive camera because they're so easy
to knock and break when you use anything
every single day right various phone
contract is up so I'm gonna go to the e
store right now and see if I can go and
get her
a new phone because she still has an
iPhone 5s iPhone iPhone 7 rose gold a
case and a screen protector people
didn't get one of them and put it on for
her she just won't just won't put it on
and then she'll drop it in about four
days time and it'll just be broken yeah
this can all go now back in the box
sweet there we go means the phone all
sorted yesterday's vlog uploaded I've
talked to you guys about vlogging
cameras hopefully I don't have to
address these comments again hope and if
you have your own personal thoughts and
opinions on this matter
let me know on Twitter or in the
comments section and then see what
happens if you have a really cool
recommendation actually other people or
the humans can go into the comments in
the comment section and read your
recommendations how cool is that Ryan
I'm off okay what are you watching on
YouTube people on had 4 million 4
million people watching someone else
play Minecraft mad so you guys have put
me as a new phone they're on charge so
when she comes back tonight she can well
probably not gonna use it tonight it is
when you click on it it's all like hello
and you've gotta set it up and stuff so
guys - when Alex you guys have been
awesome guys stay awesome keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's draghi
Sunday vlog oh yes
