good morning guys how are y'all doing
guys my name is of course Alex and
welcome back welcome back to another
daily vlog so guys all morning well I
got wind downstairs have some breakfast
hallelu Crusaders well apparently
lucozade meant to cure hangovers
I wasn't feeling that bad anyway and
then yesterday's video let you guys know
that I was actually going out last night
so that's why yeah that's why I had a
Lucas exit thought it cured hangovers by
moving over so that's fine it came back
up here and connected back up all of the
krk equipment through the subwoofer and
I've just been stuck here listening to
music now it's honestly and you can't
experience this with actually being here
it's phenomenal it's that loud when you
push it to its limit but it's piercing
like it's not enjoyable advise it on its
lowest volume money well-spent now this
and I will forever say this ever since
I've read it and there is that anyone in
the entire world absolutely anybody the
best ideas are absolutely nothing
without execution but its execution
execution is the hardest part of any
idea to execute the idea and this is
this is difficult right now what I'm
trying to do up here with my phone light
and a pair of scissors or some
electrical tape
I just want my lights to work I've
cleared in something wrong here a few
moments later seconds I'm looking
this has literally taken me so long
look I started this vlog at 12 p.m. like
half past twelve it's now almost dark
three and a half hours to figure out how
to do this numerous phone calls to my
electrician what have I told you though
it's all well and good having the idea
but it's the execution which is the
hardest part this was a perfect
demonstration of that guy on the phone
stuff that's in the loft I have been a
victim I have now got off I'm so easy I
think I have a shower well as funny as
it sounds I go into the loft quite a lot
I'm in lofts quite a lot of the time
because I'm messing about the cables and
stuff like that but this man this man
stop bitching stop I just been slightly
ridiculous how long how long have you
taken me to get that stuff done in the
gibbler's lights done it's taking me so
long it's been a bit ridiculous but
every other vlog we're at Homebake every
other vlog I'm exchanging light bulb
every other vlog I'm buying stuff and
storing things on the roof Ellis's that
had the idea I've just wanted wanted to
do it well I saw these lights and I saw
what I think I think I was like a
designer shop and I saw bit how
literally about 50 of them coming down
and I was like okay that's gonna be way
expensive no way how could we do it and
how could I do it myself and how could
do it so that we can have a few of them
and it be effective it's so cool
so I know I have no idea what's in this
box
whatsoever absolutely zero acclaim and
it's got Amazon packaging on it but it
should finish is not an Amazon box
because it didn't actually come to the
office it went to like a random address
and then they like opened it and said it
was for me Bri AAA batteries just in
case you run out basis
boomer okay so I'm reading through this
clear this has been sent by a fan who
hasn't sent it to the peer box their
attempted to send it to my office
got fairly close by sending it to an
office that's like four four five meters
that way I treat what I'm gonna need
these batteries for these are all the
people that you subscribe to look at the
oceans a good lad nice gates a good lad
J's to sense everything Apple Pro mate
we like a lot of the same people hi Alex
on this memory stick I have included a
video of content what's in the book you
guys always tell me never to plug in
memory six into my computer oh thank god
oh he's so cool he's made me a 28-minute
video well actually I've already watched
three minutes of it but I'm checking
about what he's made me right but if you
guys actually saw a mine in my my vlogs
when I went to the upload event but this
guy I met him right I met him that's
what I recognized him I met him and he
gave me like a it was like a metal help
my logo on it was wicked he said me
alone most of like assembly these cutout
things like these are like really heavy
like key rings with morogo on them like
that as well on outside it's like
rubberized and then BOOM logo then this
one you said you can stick on to
something with superglue so like that
and these are radar her as well was sick
and then he said that and then he said
he's also included the ones that went a
bit wrong
and then this thing this thing Wow man
oh my god
nice wicked this guy is a legend what a
legend
honestly right
what I mean this wine was borrowing
about like being interactive with you
guys but this is mental mental glass on
the front of it
this guy's not messing about well you
can make it flash as well you can make
it to me I really appreciate all this
stuff it's absolute incredible I'm not
gonna say your name because I appreciate
your confidentiality however this is
amazing mate thank you so much this is
put it on my keyring mate look it's on
my keys please I put this coat on and
it's like transferred all of the fiber
glass into the sleeves of this coat so
now every time I put this coat on it
just really itches
look at this guy's in here how to get
the lights come on there we go I'm
making my own pizza this is going to
taste absolutely vile that piece of guys
was absolutely delicious if you haven't
ever made your own pizzas it's super
super super easy to do I thought I'd do
it for a laugh just google it real
literally just google it it's really
easy and it was really really nice
numbers hot sauce hit the spot
so he is so happy with this so happy
with these bad boys especially that
thing just got a little bit of tidying
up to do here if you look in this room
while you'll think Jesus Alex you've got
a lot of tidying up to do in here why is
there a Big Bob
well this big box was a keeper the camel
case of woofer I'm keeping this box in
here because my plan is well just to
chuck out a load of rubbish just like a
load of rubbish that is like a load of
rubbish just down here what is all about
like what how is what you're doing
I wouldn't class myself as a hoarder but
I genuinely think I'm a little bit
computer turn off the light computer
turn off the lights computer hello alexe
er computer computer computer turn off
the lights why is it only working
sometimes computer is it the way I say
computer that's weird right guys quick
break in my day right now I've gotta go
all the way to nothing and pick up Maria
and then drop her off at home and then
come back here for a big school some
work I need to do and then I'll go go
see her later on this evening
Riley's gonna collect her from knotting
it so there we go
massive clear out ready for well
probably not tomorrow but when I record
that you guys get the gist so look all
this is ready and cleaned out all this
table is clear now to install the cable
trunking get the consoles over here we
just come out of here over there down
there we've got all the cables to do it
and I also found a onesie which I
totally forgot by I had yeah I'm doing
the rest of the rest of the video and
the onesie yeah ok so as you can see
this box is pretty much just full of a
load of old rubbish and yeah I was like
I was quite an angry child guys before
go ahead and end to today's vlog I want
to tell you something
by any means you haven't seen or heard
of this right go pick you up because
is the best thing in the world Lee just
tastes so good I know guys before we end
up here today it's gonna let you guys
know one thing an eye is about the
giveaways I'm doing in the moments I'm
currently doing a giveaway for an Amazon
Alexa or an Amazon echo and I'm
currently giving away a DJI phantom
drone now I'm going to provide all the
details the description of how you want
to enter if you've missed it and you
don't have to do anything really use not
even if you want a chance to win anyway
guys I'm gonna throw myself in my car
get ransom erase and end this vlog guys
mines metallics you guys have been
awesome guys stay awesome keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog oh yes
