I couldn't latch that number please try
again
I couldn't match that number oh I
couldn't match that number I still
couldn't match that number got me
through to someone who I can plead to by
this will be with you shortly
thank you morning guys how are y'all
doing guys my name is of course Alex
welcome back to another salable so today
today guys hopefully DPD are going to
successfully deliver my package from
Amazon got really annoyed that yesterday
they didn't deliver it and I paid for
that try and delivery I might even
trying to have my money back but I'm not
like I'm Alex or purse anyway I gotta
make do with what we've got hopefully
they're going to deliver it today I've
just spoken to them on the foot of rung
them you know to make sure I couldn't
match that number the reason I need this
here today is because well today is the
day we're filming today no I am as I
told you guys wanting to get a new TV to
replace this Sony TV because I'm what I
do actually put the sony tv somewhere
else for another project not built
entirely remove like a separate little
project so far is it's going to be the
finishing touches and kind of like a
little mini tour and like finalizing
everything so that is cool but first I'm
off to help Jordan do something come on
child
swing doorbell shut up seven run water
we have arrived my friends here we are
in the bag where we're going mate what's
the plan to live health exam which is
going to cost
boy behind you right now I'm just going
to get some football for cables and a
plug so what like that's of what
sub-woofer this cable quickly allows you
to disconnect your subwoofer because
jeez insurance actually you're not
allowed subwoofers in your car panel so
when the spreads were changing you down
you put your Quick Connect cables you
can just take this about and just chuck
it in the bush right let's get a better
paper person you've got a very nice make
washed up in about this is going to be
absolutely mental ecology have arrived
at home baker changed all of the
lighting section I'm probably really
overexposed right now I'm needing to get
a little bit three course elects 1.5
meter that's standard UK for lighting oh
you are as good as well I've got on here
all that that
that one that got this video input nice
your video input be sure though they
might have no idea no idea right here we
go look this is the back of a head unit
this is what we're trying to do we need
to camp on the sub and no idea that's
fine let's just do this thing
it's me Jordan back at it again with the
subwoofer wires right so we've got some
some cables AJ let's do it playing with
racism
what are you liking the outside for like
it down oh my god you gonna break
through the baddest cable going down
these two cables need to be routed from
this head unit to the boot can plug into
the sub quick side note I have no idea
what I'm doing
an hour later in the freezing cold and I
think I am so cold right now it's like
minus one
nice ever be on all the time it's like
mind one degree my hands are dying
honestly guys I'm going to side now bite
it like this right G have I been a
service mate you're amazing am i amazing
yeah about you out a lot a lot yeah
thanks all the serve I know I'm doing
well I think I like to think I know I'm
doing right behind the freezing we're
off G little bit mate thanks mate I see
that piece is there please be there
please be there please go yeah there's
also a private and confidential letter
I'm sure that is it's quite worrying
right is it we're taking that together
right gets put behind
three Mexican thanks again
who is there can't believe me doing this
I can't believe a good company it's not
lethal quickly we've got it birthday
guys today has been absolutely manic
we've got home films about an hour and a
half of the main channel made this
monstrosity but wait balls realize I'm
playing I went on so happy guys they're
not on at the moment but up and they
look absolutely amazing and then if you
look under the deck what is that
now those you're the Keane I don't know
what that is but the other people that's
like the main Channel video you live in
me mate with all this stuff here you're
not we film we not be tardy up
yeah you got me tuned I've got me things
right mate I'll see you next week see
this guy's my bedroom is an app limpet
it is actually my stepmom birthday today
so we're going for a quick meal Oh guys
check this out look but I mean nothing
and it's written like a massive London
Eye up and there's literally the people
in it look you see that guy just there
that's it is that anywhere exactly which
is like climbed up this lad of war seem
like a little tiny little my uncle and
those lovers nothing I'm definitely not
trying to coffee the London Eye with
this I don't about you guys this is what
you call a burger
we guys just got back I'm awfully
overwhelmed and so stoked with this this
is so cool man like look at it I can't
wait to get these connected up tomorrow
and guys know up because I am me right
and I physically just can't wait to get
stuff done I've gone ahead and just
connected up the black box which I
wasn't going to show you guys but you
already know what it was anyway as you
can see I've got cables what is this in
my lunch oh that's a quick little clean
here as you can see I'm touching the
cable so it goes on the laptop to the
subwoofer to calc a number one and then
to krk number two
wait for it
whoa so so cool I finally go ahead and
titled it all the way I'm going to not
keep it all plugged in because this is
going to blow in the aoc they're gonna
leave all the cables out until next
Tuesday when I film the second part of
the final episode absence of film is
today installing this and obviously
testing out the sub for the main channel
obviously I haven't recorded the whole
episode yet it's going to take a few
more hours of filming and putting
together trust me I'm trying really hard
with this right let's tidy this thing up
sweet finished as you guys I'm not a
sit-down chat with you guys for a while
let's run through today because it's
gone that fast
I can barely remember it myself so I got
at I got but 9:00 a.m. well I got this
really cool idea from Jed's actually and
honestly probably you guys won't believe
it but I really struggle to get up in
the morning like really struggle like
really badly struggle to get outta bed
in the morning it's like an issue for me
but Alexa can wake you up with the radio
right honestly the best idea anyone's
ever given me ever I was out of bed in a
flash because you because when she wakes
you're the radio were you listening to
the radio it Tunes you in with the world
the outside world and that's what you
need to be tuned into when you get out
better better shower had some breakfast
jetted straight after Jordan picked him
up went to Halfords picked up about 25
pounds with the cable so we can install
Jordan sub-woofer in his car well about
the Jordans I installed Jordan Civ will
sit in his car and shown him what to do
install all the bits and bobs for him it
was freezing minus 1 degree weather my
hands were freezing I think came back
edited yesterday's vlog and recorded the
first part of part 4 and finale as the
main setup thing I don't have to leave
for my stepmoms 40th birthday party
by which time I haven't uploaded
yesterday's vlog from there in the car
holding up my 4G dongle while we're
traveling down the motorway 70 miles an
hour me trying to load the vlog it's a
lot man it's a lot but even my friends
they like so many messages like this I
kid you not this is an existence actual
voice message from a friend
our mental honestly like literally
coming up now get a notification iPhone
saying you've uploaded a video how the
easier honestly you've edited edited
rendered uploaded I actually like posted
the issue video your mental might have a
real YouTube the easiest job in the
world yeah I beg to differ but in
anything you do this is what separates
people this is what separates of people
that do well and the people that don't
do well well I am NOT the best youtuber
in the world and I will never ever claim
to be who I'm trying to say is that if
you are passionate about something if it
means the heart and soul to you no
matter what the circumstance is you will
get it done do I want to be passionate
and I am passionate and I'm trying to
explain to you guys that if you're
passionate about something that is the
game changer I know it goes I've got
myself a glass of champagne because
everybody else is drinking downstairs
I've got my champagne up here because
I've got some but some work to do anyway
guys I love you all to pieces guys - and
Alex you guys will know some guys member
if you want something in life be
passionate about it and I'm a hundred
percent sure you'll get that I'll see
you in tomorrow's vlog yes
Oh
