come on guys how we all doing my name is
of course ice guys welcome back to
another day but the constant I can sit
down and do this new standard energy so
here's how are you all doing guys my
name is Alex welcome back to the daily
blog hope everybody is okay good
smush like right on the video if you're
here still watch in like 10 seconds it
yeah guys before I started a vlog
I just want to say
and I feel like say I don't say this
enough so guys arrived at the office I
think I think today is a day where we're
going to find out if all of the stuff
has arrived all of the stuff that I did
on my Amazon shopping spree video I
think that was think that was yesterday
or the day I think what the day before
yesterday hopefully hopefully it's all
in the office oh no this is a very
promising so I pay you for prime
delivery it's been two days ah what even
deny your drug is for gone I must have
just forgotten I have 400 pounds with a
stopping point on franzen Amazon will
give me your account your order your
order ok I see what happened
brilliant noon so the main part of
everything I ordered all the stuff
that's arrived revolves around the main
part of what I ordered in the main part
and arrived I was all sick I love you oh
just bash but then it's got an arrow
thing yeah this best arrived early
tomorrow morning otherwise it's going to
mess up all of my filming I just
returned to is not oh I've got the
tracking number for it VPD trackable
take this number and the parcel label
number you entered is not valid oh my
god ok I'm going to bring up the
tracking on my phone and right here it
says that it's a delay with your parcel
now but we've sorted it all the changes
in the path of your estimated delivery
date is Thursday the 26th of January
2017 it best be here tomorrow deadline
for 3 o'clock I want to start filming by
3 o'clock and it should be here
fingers crossed touchwood by 3 o'clock
Oh blue guys let's get some hype up in
here hi pup for the main Channel video
part for the ultimate sector I will let
you guys down my Amazon ogres let me
know any one guys let's go back
wait a minute anyway guys let's go back
to the glow days and just open up a
solid parcel and see what a hoarder
compacting the day you want to use to
come into the office and we sit here on
over parcels I need to get files of all
the time we'd open possible there are
like you've any other life up still
about going to pull them over here that
was the bottom Amazon and over another
part I read this one open I read this
one open as well okay so this is really
cool - with this and I'll show you guys
later in in the video but my tongue with
this is to install this in the server
room right and it's two HDMI ports on
like a wallplate bracket within the
other side you plug in an HDMI cable and
I bought a backplate boring so pretty
much this goes onto there like that and
then that sits in the wall and then it's
got two HDMI so my plan is with it is
have one HDMI for one monitor and one
HDMI cable that goes up to magnifier or
to the old gap then that way everything
looks a little bit more clean place is
for the surface that I boarded which
hasn't arrived yet a really really
really long high-quality cable
underneath all these axes are cables to
the krk monitor I've got another one
because obviously there's two monitors a
lot of people get confused students
studio monitors right on computer
monitors studio monitors right learn
it's now studio monitors or the krk
speakers I have they're called studio
monitors not computer much as these a
computer monitors computer monitors
studio monitors Geomyces of the speakers
computer monitors of the actual screen
yeah understood Delta route and then
that concludes why I bought Amazon
hardly any of it arrived like
legitimately the main thing that I
ordered
didn't arrive and the reason why
wondrous or things like this and not
just running a cable right is because
putting little boxes in like that is the
proper way to do it I also get an
electrician to come and do this he would
come and do all that and if I'm going to
do things I like to do things properly
and you got to remember that you always
be always going to start somewhere and
you've got to build yourself up the
bottom and you've got to learn
and all of these guys are asking for
more behind the scenes and stuff because
you like Alex Alex is such an absolute
legend at doing these sets of things
what's your secret well it's this stuff
here that I mean think honestly you want
to make a setup
eat this and it sparks so much
inspiration Alexa turn the lights to
100% I literally cannot wait for
tomorrow until we get all this sighs can
it be so cool man so cool can't wait to
start getting back on my main channel my
main channel got over half a million
subscribers on it I need to do something
I can't honestly tomorrow's a date
tomorrow today marks a day
but this arrives at caucus and could be
saying we're going to have later
meeting we back again to the office in
for a meeting in town with Jed's I am
when we both come into the office me
probably a little bit faster than him
soon is we've got a black box in his car
and that's why he is not here right now
I should be here in like two minutes and
it is now text no time try and do two
texts slow videos a week probably not
going to pull it off though be
optimistic we've got this computer
finished up filming something a little
bit different on on tech slow here today
we've actually got a camera mounted up
here with a letter parcel tape on the
slider holding it in place and I have
literally been set up my desk
I'm usually sit here with tech slow in
the background been sat on my desk we've
had a we've had a stone here and I've
done like my top five outside always
uses in it both for Android and where is
it iPhones there you go so that is super
cool I love shiny things are switching
it up hopefully these videos turn out
really really really cool the very
different twist on tech slow today there
for you guys enjoy
a latch is what I need after today I
have a spark too much coffee or correct
I need some bread to fulfill that need
no guys I didn't tell you to stay to the
end of the video for nothing obviously
there's something in it for you guys as
there always is so if you head over to
the QT page in the description of an
email from QT this morning saying hey
Alex let's try and gather as many
comments as we can on the Qt page about
Amazon Alexa so if you guys go ahead and
drop a comment or view about your
favorite feature or anything to do with
Amazon Alexa on the Alexa QT down below
you are automatically entered into a
chance to win one of them no one who
says you're Wendy when the winner will
be pigs but that is then to giveaway
that are currently running we've got the
Amazon Alexa giveaway to just go and
comment on the key to down below your
favorite feature or whatever anything to
do with the Amazon echo or Alexa or
whatever you want to call it go and drop
it on the key to page and then we've
also got the Phantom giveaway which is
just the Phantom 3 and then all you have
to do to enter that one is go to my
ultimate live streaming room and then
just leave a comment on that TT and then
you entered that is it to giveaways
going right now my likes you guys Lordan
guys doesn't keep smiling I'll catch you
in
