arrived ad to the office bright and
early this morning got a 10:00 a.m.
meeting to attend to then I'm jetted off
my train down to meeting all finished up
this morning went really well was
actually a very short meeting but a very
straight to-the-point meeting it looks
like I've got some cool work lined up
for the foreseeable future
however as I have told you guys in the
past I am in a very fortunate position
to actually do this YouTube thing like
full-time if I wanted but it's not
something that I think I really want to
do that's why I'm doing other bits and
bobs as well because if you think about
it right what's the point in life to put
the point of life is to be happy right
if you're not happy in life there's
something going wrong alright so you
have to find that little thing that
little thing that's direct to you that
little thing that means that means as
much to you as it will to make you happy
and then just go and do it and do it to
your best ability but for me that's
making other people happy and if I can
do these YouTube videos and make people
happy win-win and if I can go and do
some client work and create some awesome
work for an awesome company enjoy it and
make them happy win-win-win right after
the London
30 Kings Ross 1445 arrived into London
here's how you do it use the tubes of
the underground London Underground's
free Wi-Fi to upload yesterday's video
see you guys know jack here the guy went
to Vegas with these who are meeting up
with today quick meeting before I do
anything today quick meal to get some
food inside of me give me some energy
and then we'll do this thing but then
what we're doing but we'll do it dump in
the Apple store the clear don't know
that I'm vlogging because you're not
allowed to vlog finished up the meal I'm
just here at this at this Apple 5k
display right now I'm gonna try to show
you guys you get so close to it and you
just can't see any pixels and it's
massive as well I can kind of see why
all the tech reviewers are raving about
this thing I've never actually seen one
in person
incredible watching the vlogs in the
Apple Store and every time I come into
an Apple store I just look at these new
laptops and I just get I just want to
take one home
I just know though that if I walked out
there with that laptop I'd regret it
there's not a taster of one of these
cinnamon and sugar pretzel things oh my
god so annoyed ate so much spaghetti for
lunch
Oh
well at Holi moles are this is what
mkbhd drives on the daily basis marques
drives the P 100 D this is the 90 day
but still oh my look oh my god the
screens on I want the screen on I'm
gonna press it I'm gonna press things
seems like a big screen and there's
people taking checking up the test
learning subscriber comes over it's like
right yo right so I've seen these
speakers online right never never knew
that there was an actual store where you
come and buy them you ever lay here look
at this this is like incredible the
whole store full of full of speakers and
they said they're gonna give me a demo
in this room here yeah let's do it oh my
god it's so cool alright so I've been
told to sit here right and I'm getting a
demo I'm not even in the proper room yet
pretty much we're getting this one on
and this one on and then all of these
are just like other brands and you need
an amplifier to power these ones but
your one it has the amplifiers built-in
and it's an all-in-one wireless system
alright and we're gonna listen to this
one or this one together making stereo
sound right on it
me
oh yes for the pleasure really
appreciate it
I'll give it back as I should be warning
drain is the toss of clothes
I said like now and then I was gonna do
a skit about liking my YouTube videos
guys it'd be nice if you could drop a
like though I really appreciate that you
know other people on the train looking
at my vlog
thank you all right Albert
Thank You major
so you guys arrived back into my humble
abode
I'm in mumbling hey Siri turn on the
wall white flower boys so today in
London was absolutely awesome oh wait
don't have a meal and a little bit of a
meeting with my friend Jack who is also
my manager here at YouTube's so Maynard
I'm getting like a private tour around
this dim Diavolo I don't know how you
freaking say it it wasn't planned or
anything I just saw the shop and I was
like wait a minute I've seen these
speakers online and everybody raves
about them like no one has a bad thing
to say about them and they're bloody
well not for 700 pounds being the
starting price going all the way up to
two and a half grand for something with
gold in it but still didn't know how to
shop I thought they were just I thought
they were just based online so away to
the shop away from my camera oh my god
oh my god oh my god I never like do you
want a private tour in this little
private booth we're not usually usually
doing them because it's past five
o'clock but we'll give you a private one
and ours like so those are pretty cool
might ask them to see if they can send
one out Oh that'd be so cool wouldn't it
man watching two of them in the office
boom or in the live streaming room that
would be mental ting I'm just really
looking to slick raps actually I've got
the conversation up over here and they
are currently working on something
really cool it's kind of like a I don't
know what I can and can't say so I'm not
gonna say anything but it's a and it
works with skins as well which is
absolutely wicked so guys tomorrow we've
got all the bits and bobs arriving for
the setup video tomorrow evening is tech
fo x over you in tech club I'll be doing
tech flow videos tomorrow evening and
then Thursday I'm planning on recording
the main Channel video which should be
anyway guys we're gonna end today's vlog
in the bathroom
I'm gonna stay awesome keep smiling I'll
catch you in tomorrow's vlog you ready
guys
Olivia faces adios
