Alexis turn off the alarm 6:35 a.m.
alarm canceled
good morning guys is Monday the 23rd of
January at 6:27 a.m. meeting there's
gonna last all day guys a coffin talked
much about yet we've got about an hour
and a half drive I've got to edit
yesterday's rod can I tell you about an
hour to get that an hour to get back
into any meeting today to put down some
ground basic oh this room is so messy
from last night okay guys it's like 7:00
a.m. I need to go get some breakfast
listen to your cat mate what you doing
breakfast time and I'll see you guys
when I get home
guys I'm back I'm back wait a minute
wait a minute there we go got a relaxing
top on I'm back so yes guys thank you
for asking the meetings today well I've
to meet ours might have one meeting
today at ended up having two meetings
today first one the woman I think I
explained earlier I can't remember
because I started blogging like the
earliest of ever started vlogging ever
at like half past 6:00 in the morning or
something ridiculous first waiting was
just about some video promotional work
and some different things like that yeah
I think I think it went okay and the
second meeting has been was with the
Cutie guide and if I just told me that
Shmi 150 Shmi 150 is now on now part of
cutie like he what you see there's my
reader
it's what he reviews cars he's got 911
thousand subscribers and he does like
daily videos about different cars and
things I kind of just need to tidy up a
little bit sweet old driving our room is
all tidy because I've been out of the
game all day in meetings all day today
we've got a busy evening planet
thank you you guys are freaking mad if I
absolutely love parcels thank you guys
so much and I bought their liver day
yeah well if we didn't say one is this
gonna Bayonetta because if you got one
just put it on a gift card for you
Rosalind okay other fanbase okay thank
you
maybe I'll try not to
my car is ridiculously full right now
crazy look at it all come visit is
really obviously can't be the calm
Bell's gonna say we've got so many of my
delicate feel like bombarded with stuff
are so many parcels Maximus everyday
parcels are going to drive me mad
they're going to bit of definitely I
tell you so guys I've been to home base
of picked up a load of gear even weapons
awesome lovely girl let the check out
you helped me in resolving my stupidity
is picking up the wrong type of bull the
other day and you just let me go pick up
another bulb and swap it for a bayonet
one instead of a screw in I also picked
up some old things as well as for the
well I'm actually gonna be recording the
main Channel video on Wednesday wait a
minute getting a bit technical here my
camera this one right here right
it's absolutely battered it's been
running this daily vlog channel for like
the last year
every single day I picked this and I've
made a video I've dropped it not to you
guys move it so the fact that it still
even does auto focus baffles me right
but to do the main channel videos and
wanting to get another lens now a little
bit of background
about this and one thing to do a letter
to sit down chat evideos on the main
channel I want like a really nice
blurred background behind me
this lens can't really do that because
it's super why now I found the lens that
will do it and it's the Sigma 18 to 35
millimeter but if you don't use it Sony
lens on a certain camera the autofocus
doesn't work and I need autofocus now
this is the lens that I want to get the
1835 one point a which is 549 pounds as
you can see there and then this thing
here the Sigma MC 11 this is the adapter
that you need to make it work with with
this camera but a lens the lenses I'll
stop em is so annoying
they just want to buy all I want to also
be here tomorrow by prime so that is the
plan and that's the reason why there
hasn't been any new videos in the main
channel I want to get this lens saw it
out and then hopefully this year is sony
a7s mark 3 the mark above this camera
will come out and then look then I'll
buy the new Mac with a 2 terabyte
storage option and have all the vlogs in
8-bit 4k it's a good year for cameras
it's a good year for the channel I'm
happy I just want to get this main
channel up and running and I need the
new lens to do that you're trying to
update you guys Jesus guys look out
buggy is Jacob yay look at this limited
edition Xbox controller I got you really
wanted it
I've got a bad box we've got some cables
about some more cables and a krk and
what power pairs are these RK RK is
these speakers I've got a K R K sub
woofer all on prime delivery list you've
got about three minutes until my prime
delivery runs out you guys ready three
two one oh yeah all that stuff was well
stuff to go along with this stuff what
this stuff for Alex you may be asking
well it's for the fun part
every build Emile's Rosetta that I want
to get filmed this Thursday now all I
need to do is is find the lens that I
want I'm actually not in London
tomorrow so I might be able to find a
camera shop in London that stock the
lens oh my god you guys send so much
stuff you guys sent so much done so much
stuff are but like it's a fact that just
like look if you just look at this look
like I just I've already got load guys I
love you right I'm going to try my
fastest right now and not mess about and
try and get all of this peer box stuff
sorted and then well we'll spend the
rest of the evening together just doing
some cool stuff yes and look plants on a
flat there we go here a box guys all
sorted under there I've got far too much
stuff to do a video far too much you
guys thank you so much for sending all
of the stuff it really just does warm my
heart absolutely incredible so we've got
our two other balls here what I'm
thinking is this is a small bulb out of
all of them so the smallest ball goes
outside but comes down a bit lower and
then this big bulb is a massive one that
goes that side but it's a little bit
higher
guys I think I put all of these spinning
its spinning use minute guys I think
I've almost put all of these two lens
but I think I've got the right lens so
that was going to go there like that and
then that one goes like that
like that and a nice reader just going
to leave these down here for now because
I'm not going to be doing this until
them so this is the planet I hope for
hopefully it's going to work so this
cable trunking that I've just bought
today that I'm just put down here it's
like so bent down there this cable
trunking I'm actually going to be
plastering it to the wall sticking it to
the wall and it's going to go across
here and bridge these two tables now
I'll let you probably saying to yourself
Alex why are you doing that one more
time was amassing this table here is
just a little bit too a little bit too
overcrowded and as you guys know we're
getting an insanely expensive insanely
cool custom PC bill there's all like got
my custom engraved logos and stuff on it
with a collaboration between MSI and
Corsair so that is going to be awesome
and that's going to be there so I want
to take these consoles off there right
and I want to put them right over here
and that is what I'm going to do that is
what I need the cable trunking for okay
look I've sort of cleared at the table
little bit which means we can now put
the ps4 ps4 Pro and the Xbox one is ugly
care Thank You split routes by the way
you're sending those out I really
appreciate it look at the cool awesome
friggin flip wraps are so cool man they
can now be showing off in a little bit
more light over on this table and then
it fries at this table and all this
table management mat for the new PC when
we get it well then that set up is
looking really sweet we got the good old
snap just spectacles just there I can't
believe I'm doing this
it's like -3 degrees outside minus 3
degrees don't worry bro it's so so
bitter out there Alex why do you go
running well yeah and I like to keep fit
but it's not about that it's about my
life than the way I run things I'm
always connected I'm either in front of
a camera in front of a phone in front of
a laptop editing of video on Twitter
Facebook snapchat never stops going for
a run is the only time that I can truly
just be alone with my thoughts they say
they're going running is the body's rora
Sturgeon of freedom because you know you
don't have to go fast you just have to
go
my ears I can ah nothing is once you're
halfway around they're going back and he
only starts here bad I'll wear round
right guys I'm going to go ahead and
well I'm looking for bat then get into
bed
- what Alex you guys been awesome guys
sales and keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog thank you for the
support still her life will be wicked
I do
Oh
