that is just a green piece of paper by
the way I can put literally anything I
want on this there you go look at that
that's er that's another video they're
just playing it smart magic isn't it so
guys if you want me to give you like
more little tips and tricks of how I'm
doing these daily vlogs then please let
me know I'm just trying to experiment
with like pieces of paper and green
screens and you guys know I'll do all
that all the funny effects and stuff on
these videos if you want another video
after videos or in the past you know if
you're wanting another like video on how
to do cool editing transitions and just
different cool things to spice up your
your vlogs or your videos then then let
me know down there below and mister cool
which is me I'll do a video on it so
guys as you can see it's obviously dark
outside you probably get Alex what's
gone on today well today guys I've
actually been really ill motivated it's
been a really horrible day today because
of the weather I woke up this morning
and it was literally throwing it down
that's how nuts guys was filmed this
morning at about 8:30 a.m. outside of
this window into the garden I saw that
coupled with a few emails on my phone
from some of my internet clients and
they were saying Alex the Internet's not
working I've had such a horrible day
today I'm pretty sure what's happened
judging by my emails this morning and
what I've been doing all day that the
rain and the horrible the horrible wind
this morning caused one of my dishes on
the roof to sort of malfunction and
break which that dish was sort of
supplying a few people in my local area
with internet and saw their guys have
been out on roofs fixing dishes it's
been awful but it's about to get a whole
lot better
today guys marks the first day that I'm
actually going shopping for the new
house and this is gonna be really really
fun because I went into one shop whilst
I was in LA with ROG last year and I
looked at some furniture and honestly uh
what I fell in love with some stuff and
there's a shop guys near by that I'm
gonna go to right now with you guys and
as a group as a collective as a vlog
Channel together I'm literally gonna go
guys and look around this shop and see
if there's anything that takes our
fantasy because we need our house guys
yes our house to be the best house on
the block obviously guys a big part of
me moving house is going to be doing all
the technology stuff and building setups
and making every room awesome obviously
with tech and making things cool but a
room guys isn't a room without like a
bed and draw things and some world
tables like this one because you see
what I've done here with this I've
bought a boring piece of furniture and
made it really cool with an LED strip in
it and this is what I'm going to be
looking for today what standard boring
furniture can i buy and how can I put
guys my own little twist on it and make
it really really cool
honestly guys out of all of the projects
we've done in the office just building
this swing with job near the taste the
funniest thing I'll let you cover the
uppers I'll just sit on him think about
things just swinging back and forth
looking at my little Empire I love it in
here fun one person I'm waiting for to
do the shopping for the new house and
that my friends is a system look out and
as you can see he's here he's wearing
the merch marcelin down below one stop
this step 2 lights off let's do some
house shopping this this is gonna be
really fun
this is a shop called the range right
and they've literally just opened up in
my hometown it's only been open what
literally not very long at all and the
first thing I've noticed is that they
sell green card now this is exactly what
you need - well put anything you want on
this like this as you can see again
here's yesterday's vlog playing right
here and then it's literally just a
green card and now that's all it is
yeah it's because nothing is green oh
well things are green play a few if you
came to me and this was green I put you
behind a blue screen but it's green
because people don't really wear green
not a color that you've really wear is
oh it's probably offending a load of
people that wear green now I'm just
gonna explain why green screens are
green because they're green because
there's people everywhere green so you
can keep people out anyway back to while
we're saying this is the rage
they literally sell everything all the
way from my arts and crafts and then
pain and his folders yeah look even to
like cool mirrors with like lights on
and like a model the merch in this man
and then guys they sell like a whole a
whole range of like tools it's ever ever
need the tools money then we've got this
is the new go through home base like we
don't need home base anymore
I'm sorry home base but you and your
extortionate prices have now been
replaced with the range because got a
wide range of stuff and the pricing is
really really good I've got cable
trunking plug sockets chain nuts and
bolts zip ties got a trowel
they even sell bubble wrap and boxes
like
so guys they have a big lighting section
over there which we'll get to in a
second but they have a load of furniture
and the reason I like this is because
this is this is actual wood but the
pricing of this stuff is like super
super competitive like 59 quick just for
this table like I know a lot of the time
guys it may seem that Alex why you
bothered about how much things cost
you've just bought a house obviously you
loaded no no no no no I've just bought a
house that's why I'm not loaded and
needs it and need to cut back on some
stuff but I really like this one that
color combo is sick for the office
awesome thing and guys to let all of you
know I've actually got a breakfast bar
in the new house as well so I'm gonna
have to pick up something along the
lines of this like some some sort like
high chairs for the breakfast bar this
is all getting so surreal now guys and
look at this sixty quid Saul stit that
could go in the office and replace the
whole the one that we've got right now
what are you doing you're actually
buying stuff I'm not buying anything I'm
here to look for stripes we need to find
the LED strips a full LED set out door 5
meters 1899 what are you doing all of
them
oh and guys this this is cool look at
that that's what I want my office to
look like this is how cool I want the
office to look and then guys check this
one out they've got like a a really tall
one and then I like how soft this light
is on my face like if you guys look at
this look hopefully like Mike's face is
exposed really well with that light this
is gonna be sick I'm going in place to
deck out man and then guys as far as
artwork is concerned in the new house I
have this really really really really
cool idea to get some of your guys work
yes your guys work printed off and put
in my house because I know a lot of you
guys are keen photographers
videographers and I know a few of you
like taking photos so imagine if I had
some of your guys work actually in my
house on the walls and then some of my
actual photos that I've taken on my
Instagram or something framed and on the
wall instead of some random painting or
something you know some some bird or
some random quote or something or I
don't know a holiday place to be fair
that one no one's pretty sick but
automate this thing really interactive
and have you guys involved as much as
possible there's like little sofas we
just need a sofa this
for like the office or some things you
guys get what I mean and then it's this
unit here which looks really odd but as
you can see putting LED strip in there
check that guys I think we've got a lot
of choice there for the new house and
you know what I think I think I might go
and visit the house a little bit later
and see if I can see if I can break into
it but for now guys all this house
shopping it's got me kind of hungry
sweetly guys absolutely awesome low
shopping sesh with Luke and a meal I
thought I'd come back and well open some
stuff from the peer box no earlier I
said to you guys that today has been
absolutely horrible well I went out I
went out the house but just without the
camera I just didn't wanna vlog it was
horrible weather was awful but what I
did do guys was go to the go to the pier
box and well Amazon by the way guys I
still find this absolutely mind-boggling
that you guys send me Christmas presents
that's mental you guys are mad this is a
gift for Jacob sorry it won't arrive
until after Christmas I hope he enjoys
it from Alice well Alice I'll be sure to
give this to him tomorrow let me put
that to one side writing
hey Alex I've been subscribed for over a
year now and I love your videos I
personally love your car wrapped and
your new exhaust and I hope the movies
going well and your family are okay I'll
dude I'm not moving house yet but the
house is being built and I was gonna go
and visit it today but it got kind of
late I think I'm gonna go and try and
break into the new house tomorrow as you
guys know I'm not really allowed there
even though it is mine it is a building
site and health and safety that I would
say that health and safety you're not
really allowed on the building site so
I've never written anything to YouTube
before and since you are my favorite
youtuber I wanted to write something to
you you have inspired me to grow my own
channel enclosed is an Ethernet cable
because you are always mentioning them
in your vlog so I thought I'd send you
one and it will come in use sometime you
just sent me an Ethernet cable bro oh
this is going in my mouth front oh
bugger
I take this bag everywhere with me that
is my go to travel Ethernet cable it's
in the bag
you're a legend Thank You charlie well
I'll just an absolutely lovely young guy
you are man thank you so much like that
Adam speech I'm speechless and literary
stuttering that's amazing Charlie thank
you
well you're green thank you for the HDMI
cable my random thank you for the
present yeah green Thanks
wait a minutes not in HD what wait a
minute
does this go into the camera and then
does this go into here oh right having
guys I think all teams will go ahead and
end today's daily vlog here I've got a
whole bunch more fan mail to open for
you guys but we'll do that again in a in
a video in the near future but when how
guys - but I like you guys have been
awesome guys stay awesome keep smilin if
you haven't grabbed your merch wait a
minute wait a minute but any merch on so
if you guys haven't grabbed your merge
the link is down below
as usual guys but for now - when I like
you guys have been awesome guys stay
else and keep smiling and I'll see you
guys in tomorrow's daily vlog guys adios
