sundae's I usually like to spend my
Sunday's getting the one-up on everybody
else you see most people take the
Sundays for granted most people see
sunday as a day to relax as a day to
stop as a day to unwind
now this isn't me saying that unwinding
is a bad thing because everybody needs
some time to themselves but why Sunday's
good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is Alex and welcome to my Sunday
well I say morning is actually midday
right now I woke up at 8 this morning
headed straight to the office without my
camera because I'm revising for my drone
exams I've also washed the car as well
this morning I think I've had about
three hours revision as I've told you
guys on Sundays I don't like to stop I
like to carry on so we're going back to
the usual Sunday routine
I believe toby is a bleep toby is coming
over tonight which should be a good
laugh we'll have a Domino's and Ben and
Jerry's fulfilled evening I'm also gonna
see if I can take this bad boy down but
first I'm gonna go relieve a little bit
of stress
Tuesday what we're doing Tuesday I won't
go into around the girl for you and then
we're going out Tuesday night are they
just love coming here just smashing a
loader balls down rain check because
some kits out by looking at oh but the
ones that have the good rand in the
balls that you buy me back of mine you
want to go Hyundai's could actually be a
bit of a pain look at the menu okay yes
shortly Bremen
Yeah right before I do anything I need a
coffee right tools for the job so we
need this thing and I'm sure I'm
assuming Toby can be the test for this
because he's about ten years tall but
this that's a little bit too long every
time someone talk comes in my room
without be fine for me cuz I'm not
already gonna hit it but if any one tall
comes in my room they're just gonna
smack their head up so we need to figure
out how to make this one a bit short and
other thing is with this right there's
going to be three of these we've got
three bulbs this is one of them we're
gonna have three different types of all
in three different lengths I think this
I think this one should be small seen as
is having the biggest bulb in it like
what's the idea - Joe can you come over
bye guys I really hope you enjoyed
yesterday's vlog it's been live for
about an hour and a half now and it's
already got like 20,000 views which is
insane - thank you thank you very much
but for all that I really appreciate it
quick word of warning as well if you are
copying me doing this which is
absolutely fine if you don't not
bothered about that what I'm saying is
if you are doing it and messing around
with the home electrics just be careful
and don't electrocute yourself and if
you're not sure what you're doing get
someone who does today we're gonna try
and put a knot in knotting it for me
over here mate you know right well what
else Toby's doing that I'm gonna try and
take this monstrosity down and if you
want to buy this I'm gonna put it on
eBay I'll sign it for you
guys look finally got the first one
installed now told you guys I was gonna
wait and do all of this in like the main
channel video for the setup and that's
correct I'm not gonna install all three
of them there is gonna be three more I
just waited to get one up to make sure
that this was gonna work just sort of
test it out test it out a little bit I
mean I knew it was gonna work but I'd
see if it was gonna look good and I can
tell as soon as I've got another one
there another one there with obviously
different shaped bulbs then obviously
want a big a big boy here then we need
to find a different shaped bulb as well
and still three more of this one this
side a little bit longer this side a
little bit sure - maybe
and then that one in the middle that
length is looking really sweet I really
like it really retro you can actually
see the different bulbs like do
different things to the lysis light
signature and pattern that they give out
which is really cool looking unique so
we are going back to basics it's been a
while been a while since we've sailed
the LAN ya know and Toby comes over we
always play League of Legends as well
longtime subscribers now so obviously
this is my setup here and got all the
cables going through and then Toby
actually plays on on this laptop but it
doesn't say in here it does sit at the
desk with me let me show you how we take
the inspire one battery you put it in
there so that the lid doesn't close
that's got you know make sure it's
laptops got constant power to it you
turn it on you then plug in this HDMI
cable and then down here there's a USB
you plug that in and then just out here
there's an asus monitor with a keyboard
and mouse stock here USB extension and
there you go that is the laptop that's
in the other room through on this one
this monitor
thirty pounds
ninety-seven Domino stays under there to
keep it warm so happen Tim I haven't
done this in a while on the vlog and I
feel like it's slightly slightly overdue
I'm slow trying to go down on my letter
pile let's do this
guys please don't send me iPhone cases
to sign and send back if you want me to
sign stuff you need to mediate event or
something sending things like that in in
the peer box especially if you don't
even include the return address in there
it's a little bit pointless
I'm just starting to read this it's so
cute you read a story time do I like six
o'clock in the evening is one of my
favorite times of the day that's because
it's the time you upload your
inspirational interesting and great
vlogs I've watched every one of your
videos for about two to three years on
all of your channels and I can't wait
for the next one
all your vlogs are interesting and I
think you are great for doing it every
day of your life I especially like it
when you talk about inspirational
motivational things because it makes me
think to myself what I can do better
question mark well that's the point my
friend it also helps me get through
tough days at school now you have a vlog
at 6 p.m. when I come home well that's
cool I'd like to say thank you for
entertaining me for some time now and
I'm sure it will continue you are my
favorite youtuber and I hope you and
your family are doing great I wish you
all the best for the future and please
keep the great content coming from
Oliver Oliver thank you for the great
message my friend and by the way this
guy's caught on to what you started to
put his return address but he's sort of
cancelled it out
don't put your return address because in
case I accidentally flash it in the
video and I don't blow it out then your
address yeah you don't want that I think
need to go pick up the pure box soon for
a main Channel video so if we've got any
big boxes because I like big boxes to do
the main channel videos they're the most
fun one dear Alex for / Mars bar been
watching your videos for quite some time
now and I think that you are a very
talented YouTube and I must ask could
you send me an anchor lightning cable
I've got a drawer full of them there but
also a lot of people ask me where to buy
ANCA products from Amazon
please open on cam ahoy it's a Christmas
card hi Alex I'm James Edwards that
I said I'm a big fan of yours and I'd
like to say thank you for all the hard
work you put in everyday making a daily
vlogs I always enjoy watching them you
light up my day plus my wife loves
watching them - you're such a nice guy
and you have a lovely family - I hope
one day I get to meet you okay he goes
on to say that he lost his mother to
cancer and he went through like a really
sad stage in his life and my videos
helped him through that I actually lost
my granddad to cancer about I forget how
many years ago because life goes so fast
I think it was about three or three
years ago three or four years ago and he
was like a massive part of my life like
he was absolutely massive life ever I
had a problem if like my dad was busy
I'd always go and ask my granddad or
sometimes you know I'd just go ask my
granddad because there's like experience
on life was just like just so vast he
just seemed to know everything and I
could trust him with absolutely anything
he was such a phenomenal person and the
thing is cancer comes for the best
people that's the worst part about it
always gets the best people it's just
suck but I'm really happy that my videos
of you found something inspirational and
it's sort of taking your mind off it man
I really appreciate it and thank you for
the letter if anyone's gonna do some
hard time due to cancer I know it's hard
unfortunately as harsh as it sounds
there's nothing you can do about it if
the doctor says that treatment isn't
gonna work which is what they pretty
much said about my granddad there's not
much you can really do but just enjoy
the time left that you have with that
person and don't think about it try not
to think about it because that's what I
did it was through the time when I was
going through my GCSEs and my granddad
at the time he was helping me with my
GCSE so I sports spent a lot of time
with him so that you know the time that
we had left
we went made the most of it and that's
the most important thing it's about
making the most of it so yeah herbs in
the bathroom he literally said to me I
think it was like three weeks ago he
said if he got cancer he said he
probably wouldn't get any any like
therapy because it's just says this is
how it is like if this is gonna happen
it's gonna happen and that is the bill
and end all of the situation and he said
he would just enjoy the time and spend
all this money on doing things that he's
always wanted to do and I think that
really speaks something
Oh
