yeah I've got Oberon in case of course
Alex guys welcome back to another days
I'm welcome to my start today so the
reasons how to get a lift into town
today and my car was at the office well
let me happen last night also gonna do
if I handed up doing it I ended up doing
it anyway no one my friends it was a
20th birthday no it absolutely shocked
me to high hell that I'm 22 here as well
it was his 20th birthday 20th birthday
today actually to make such happy
birthday
now we invited me out last night and I
wasn't gonna go I wasn't going to go out
for his birthday because my god well I
don't like going out that didn't really
but I'm doing you know what even by me I
don't really want to let him down so
George over phone last night ended the
blog got ready just back to the office
parked at the office left my car here
overnight and then runs the train
station ensure I'm really tight with my
money I didn't want to spend money on a
taxi so you're never happier lives from
my house this morning to come back here
and pick up my car but that's fine
because well here we're at the office on
this Saturday and I've got this joy when
I've no idea what it is
because here's lost yesterday guys it
was a load of fun to make and and Eddie
I thought I know I'm gonna do a really
really fun vlog where I'm just if you
guys haven't seen the IKEA vlog please
go check it out and let me know let me
know what you think if you always to go
and explore other shops like in a blog
let me know but I can that was really
fun I really hope you guys enjoyed it so
guys I've got this bottle here I have no
idea what's inside of it like usual but
don't find out I also just gonna pick up
the Pierre box student so I can do a
peer box video on the main channel oh my
there's something about a mounting
system and a camera compatible what is
this what is it what is it
okay okay why is this they look like it
could be a Christmas Day all over again
holy moly well my GoPros in the car
holy why like this to me looks like a
gimbal right wha confused
Alex either yes very confused what this
doesn't look like we're messing about
wise and girls this looks serious care
oh my x1 has an IP 64 racing the s-1 is
disproof and rain proof that x1 is
durable up to 10 minutes in rain or snow
but long exposure may cause water damage
or rust do not submerge the x1 in water
this looks serious self boys we've got
some stickers with even got some
stickers user guide looks like a
painting as well oh my god this is the
best case though Brian took the old
Ernie - look at that
that was like that and then you look at
your code it's like I have no idea what
I'm doing
it has a wireless remote control Wow Wow
wait a minute please don't tell me this
plug into here to charge is this just
going to blow my mind ever more oh my
god it goes into that charge oh my I
need a GoPro I need a I need a GoPro
look at this thing charge doing mouths
the wireless remote you can store SD
cards inside of there and then screw it
on the bottom so you have SD cards extra
s Wow
hey oh my god it's on it's on it's on
it's on GoPro start recording oh wow
look at this it's really smooth guys
it's really really early food right
there
how fluted it is it's easy to do the
super ahh
so here why is it so trippy oh my day
guys enjoy this video a little bit if
you guys see a little bit easy now this
is amazing look even I was like a little
screen on the back of it and it tells
you what it's doing so if I was to sort
of do this with it the camera
interesting step and then you can just
fall and lock it so we just always stay
looking forward so I can just move about
and it will always stay looking at you
guys and then I could just like keep
pushing it and whatever it will do it
will just look at you guys it's so weird
guys wait a minute watch them watch them
watch it watch this long doing it with
the remote control I'm doing it with a
remote control
it's going around it's coming around oh
my god is amazing I'm not even being
played to save it by those eyes like
eyes I never get paid to say anything
and people put in a cup italics you've
been paid with it stupid paid promotion
of it it's like if it was a paid
promotional video right legally it has
to say add in the in the thumbnail oh my
god and then legally I would also have
to say in the video that it sponsored oh
my god oh my god so cool man is so cool
can i suction cup that can i suction cup
this to the front of my car oh my god
let's go and do it let's go and do it
let's go through it
literally hello the fans outside the
office yes
for do anything this evening this room
it needs to be toyed our who has all
tidy and just makes my mind feel like
it's full of gunk when things are messy
I just can't deal with it as you guys
very well know I've got my brother this
xbox360 for Christmas is actually old
one and all he wants to do is play fifa
but this it stops reading the discs and
then there's a disk drive stopped
ejecting honestly I started reading up
online about it and people just saying
that like Xbox 360 is key and after a
while so I brought in a new one off eBay
this one I'm installing please for I
think this one's going to work I
literally went onto eBay typed in Xbox
360 slim no hard drive because if I can
use the hard drive out of this one and I
picked it up for like 45 quid Jake
you'll be happy now notice well yeah
what you're gonna play see fairly far
there we're installing it by a rule
right brother's Xbox all sorted this
thing I want to other likely I think
I've got bombarded with a load of fans
and subscribers that was really cool oh
I just stick this thing on the outside
of my card and if this is like a thing
you're allowed to do with it because
maybe the wind force may affect the
gimbal and they doing
it works still that it's still on the
back I wonder how this works or if
there's any good or not
we need to do that test in in in Beit
I'm still pretty cool hey you know what
this removal thing with this wireless
remote and I'm inspector some more nice
pretty cool man look it's a sick idea I
think the thing that came with most of
the times it's not just a gimbal that
your whole right like one for a bigger
camera but you can actually like put it
onto the suction mount and they can't
place it like that one of the coolest
things ever it lives in a while that
really really took all these stuff I'm
gonna take this bad boy down and put
maybe one or two of these new lights ups
my Sunday tomorrow so wet chill want to
relax today has been good as I said last
night I went out with my friends
birthday judges birthday so I did drink
a little bit feeling a little bit under
the weather today but I'm fine getting
along with it you gotta push through you
can't never stop route ID that part of
cool brothers got his new Xbox guy I'll
see you in tomorrow
Oh
