devoured an absolutely gorgeous bacon
and egg sandwich now 3 2 1 JC the first
time I've been in your car with with the
new head unit are you liking it 10 out
of 10 would head unit again so so I said
this in in yesterday's yesterday's vlog
and I wasn't joking I feel like the
office is sort of half done in a way in
a sense if that makes any sense and I do
just look into my care anyway so it
would come to my care have a good time
and then as well as doing that maybe
find some cool stuff for the office
win-win in a while this is gonna be fun
I'd give our niblet wireless charging
base station for an iPhone with iOS 5 on
it
60 pounds for the room but I don't have
the cage for it we did we did all this
from home base but the cable is actually
like braided which is even like better
than this I'm so glad we did it at home
base and not here and there you go look
you come to I kill you've got a very
inspiration do every day it makes you
smile
what's your Mars bars like have it
turned on is actually working
oh my god it goes really high it is your
lime block this thing here lit up and
under Lum put then it's actually powered
via a power bank genius where's your gun
chores just where are you who's come out
the closet oh my god jobs right now
you've come out the closet you everybody
abroad collection this one's for
Saturday's relation about to head into
the pinnacle of Ikea this is it this is
the only reason that anyone comes to
Ikea and there is an I come to Ikea and
is to look at the lights
this lamp is called there is this one
and I've got and I'll get Oh Eva bulb
inside of it inside of this bad boy and
it all works that is it now no one else
asked me please what it's called that is
it one of the main reasons that did come
to I killers I did want to check out
their their vast array of
lights and their array of hanging lights
is kind of a shambles to be honest
they're not good at all what we got
there's so much better I know I might be
Macduff I might be spent mugged after
these ones look good I could get one of
the cages for it but they are massive
aren't they check this out look they
actually sell cases for phones that use
enable that wireless charging on an
iPhone they've really know what they're
talking about here here's a good old
ikea cable management kit they always
come in good handy they do and that
commences the trip to Ikea really really
really interesting saw some cool stuff
awesome lighting which is awesome and
now you guys are now aware of what the
name is of the light that I have in the
office I never knew what it was called
before had a great time and IKEA yes yes
what are you feeling I feel a bit
cheating on me Oh
for once Jordan was actually driving
somewhere I usually Drive I'm now back
home quick turnaround let's get to the
office literal turnaround
no joke we turn around to the office
just leaving he's taking that's my ps4
mate
you owe me my ps4 word that's my ps4
want it
good buy them in a week you borrow it
for a week take care of it sweetie hi
Jed has now gone I've been with him for
the last like three days man's about to
explode I'm literally jetted out right
now he's finally left
I don't know say that in a negative way
at all a lot of my best mates love
hanging around with him but he's a good
lad but I like my own space and I like
to be with you guys right everything has
to be organized with the system this
isn't using the office so it goes in
here everything in now is in use and all
this stuff is all stuff that's still in
its box like headphones and projectors
and different things all need to go over
here this is all stuff this this is all
stuff that's still in the boxes getting
all this tech seemed really cool at
first
whenever's that much of it it's so hard
to manage right I was gonna think of
some elaborate plan right I must have
elaborate plan like code everything and
put everything in his place but then I
thought that is a stupid idea because
we're changing this room in like the
next few months so that will be stupid
so what I've done is I've put all these
wireless subwoofers here right Wireless
absolve that on on the table and then
I'll just laid everything out and now it
looks messier than before but in fact
it's not all this stuff we've got
headphone speaker speaker headphones
portable speaker portable speaker
headphones headphones portable speaker
headphones
Ted speakers Sonos and sound gear and
then a load of cables here that's just
there and then from there it moves on to
PC stuff so we have keyboards computer
monitors Wi-Fi stuff computer Mouse's
and and course their keyboards over
there and then it goes to like
projectors and miscellaneous things like
Xboxes solar panels gimble's
actually those headphones it's go over
here with all the other headphones and
to be fair I don't know what any of this
is guys it's Friday evening give me a
break and all of the stuff in here is
that just a load of boxes I like all the
stuff that's in use in in here in this
room now I'm gonna get all this boarded
out and what I'm going to eventually do
is have like one side of it for all the
boxes that are in use and then all of
these products can also live in here too
cuz obviously they're not gonna be able
to live here for much longer obviously
this is gonna be a nice room when we're
finished but the stuff like this big
projector screen and stuff I don't
really know what I'm gonna do you see
when all of this gets boarded here I'm
out of like a secret little door in here
and have like more storage space back
there because if you think about it all
the channels are growing and like just
keep growing a lot more things keep
arrived I do kind of want to get like a
nice lounger chef over here but maybe
that can be something it's not really
important is it I think we're on to win
it's the thing is guys have mini dis
office by myself with my bare hands I've
done this office by myself and I write
look I'm a small person very small and I
don't think it portrays in video how
much hard work this is taken me but I
built this desk right with brainpower
and my bare hands this isn't a thing you
can buy this is like unique to me when I
did it was the right length for all of
the stuff that I wanted to plan it it's
perfect look at it look speaker lamp two
monitors lamp speaker that's it you see
what I mean like this this this hasn't
been an easy thing for me to do and I'm
trying I really am
good move
remove ooh what's removing right you
guys that can be a surprise for us some
more room right let's take these more I
saw this molds apparel miles and morgues
apparel back home with me
Friday night I'm gonna go and just chill
oh my god my room is such a tip I can't
deal with this my OCD is going mad guys
there's one thing you don't know about
me what the hell is this what is that
that should be in there I have mad OCD
it's this mad it's mad I'm mad I'm
actually right wait a minute I'm
actually super super super super happy
that we got these from home Bay I
honestly thought my honest opinion was I
was gonna go to I care today and there's
gonna be something that was gonna be
cheaper and punch better than what we
got all right guys I'm gonna go have a
bath I've got some cool stuff we need to
do over the next week the next week
hopefully I'm hoping the part four is
gonna be recorded or start being
recorded we're gonna move these consoles
over there and tidy all the rooms or
mine's been Alex you guys been awesome
this is my Friday evening I really do
hope you guys available a great week
brilliant week okay a brilliant week and
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog I love
your faces
