with moment airflow videos today the
office isn't absolute stains stuff
everywhere this is a brilliant desk to
show people how you know how how the
productivity jogging paths attend this
inspirational hard work makes mess
because it doesn't you working hard it
hard work does make mess but then you
have to clean the mess afterwards if you
don't clean the mess then then it
becomes a problem then it's a problem
but you can make mess while you're
working because that shows that you
working hard unless you're really
organized good morning guys I mean
afternoon this afternoon it's quite dark
outside actually how are you ho doing my
name is of course Alex welcome back to
another daily vlog this is right this is
right I open this today since I've been
primarily bummed up the whole day with
making tech flow videos whole day's been
like how doesn't it
we've made a few with consoles constant
playing the idea of doing a few videos a
week and we don't never gonna do is
we're just trying as many as we can and
then yeah push yourself text yourself
before you wreck yourself there's a
little parcels outside I do need to open
all of them but as I say to you guys I
like to save parcels for rainy days or
days where I'm really busy so I can you
know I'm open to the fact that some days
I have other things to do than vlog and
I some days I do like to sit down and
chill out and open a parcel stop
rambling opens parcel
no clue what is that bit about of the
brand for you and exactly yeah yeah yeah
oh wait a minute oh no way we can have a
look like something about these things
maybe it's been fairly and fairly hectic
Pinker back yesterday evening yesterday
this morning until like 3:00 a.m. got
sleep about 4 a.m. back up again 11 a.m.
straight back in the office recording
more tech videos so yeah it's been a
fairly hectic day I also had a meeting
today which they've got Council which
I've got to have a Monday so
everything's been delayed and it's just
been uh I still need to take that bull
back I've got the border on board
yesterday only take that back it's all
going it's all going in the air I'll do
that tomorrow lot of time today I don't
understand what they are they get it but
a six still wait a minute and these like
a Bluetooth speakers but they're like
stereo left and right and they don't so
I'm gonna blow your mind a little bit
feel ready know anyone who's working I'm
reading the instructions
this is broken its broken without a
revision of their work that's really
annoying I mean I'm sure they would be
good if their works and they're good
they are yeah
that's surprising I had high hopes maybe
the battery's dead
well as shame desks amassed rooms a mess
I'm loving it
just realized I actually own so many
pairs of headphones two pairs of ankle
sound buds got a pair of these August
ones got a pair of Logitech headphones
got a pair of Kody sevens
got some wireless in a driverless
headphones got three Bluetooth speakers
got a pair of Corsair headphones over
here guys what pair of headphones just
hit up on canal honestly I thought wow
this nice and tidy I'm sore getting a
little bit sick of this place to be
honest I've been in there working all
day
one last parcel oh no way yeah but it
has my logo on the back of it I'll send
him a photo now so got some of this
apparel right here but if you look on
the back of them oh look it's got my
logo which is absolutely wicked so
obviously we've got you know there we go
and then obviously as my logo on the
back yeah that's pretty cool man I
appreciate it sweet it's a fight going
on outside walking off I can't really
put my camera at the windows it weighs
less everybody never the offices know
that you want to come and visit the
office anyway cuz it's in the most
greatest place in the world where fires
happen outside so I recommend it it's
office does just need a bit of a rethink
though doesn't it there's nothing I'm
getting away for a few days
feels so nice to finish a day doing tech
flow videos alright I'm doing a
supermarket shopping vlog I never ever
turn my camera on when I come shopping
because I usually shop in Asda and they
don't like me they'd like copyright shot
my videos when out my camera and I was
there alright Jed what you thinking
what's coming these kind of shops and a
really good video ideas always look
round that's all I think is I've got
really good video ideas as I've seen
this look deep fat fryer and I'm
thinking right I think you let me know
if this is a good idea I'm thinking
right if I can get this and then we
could just put different things in it
and just see what happens
mate I don't like this shot there's
something fishy about this now might
have a bathroom I get back he's gonna
have quick sake
if ever you come in so I can have the
high life I am still in a bit hungry
mate you know quick story whenever I
head off to bed I have to well have to
do this turn off the keyboard like that
and then I have to turn over the mouse
and put a book over it yeah when I sleep
I'm one of those people it has to be
pitch black and has to be no sound
otherwise I'm not sleeping I just have
to wait very very patiently for the
kauke logos to turn themselves off
otherwise yeah I'm still not sleeping so
we made it back from Morrison's never
been there before anyway we've got a
load of stuff we've had drinks we've
watched the load YouTube fairly easy day
is regards to the vlog concerned today
but we've done a load of set flow video
so for the next coming weeks which is
really really really cool so hopefully
that frees up next week a little bit
doesn't it got a lot of stuff to do down
here for the main channel video when we
start doing that I've also looked look
today at spending a little bit of money
little bit money on the lens to do main
channel videos to make things look crisp
so that may be an investment that I'm
looking to do very very shortly now as I
have order discussed with you guys set
up videos topical videos around setups
will be really cool to do I really want
to do those but if there's anything else
you guys think that'd be really good to
see or that you want to see on the main
channel let me know down in the comment
section down below I'm gonna go ahead
get some sleep there guys management
Alex you guys been awesome guys tails
and keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog oh yes
