my name is of course Alex guys welcome
back to another daily vlog that you will
do it okay and everything is alright in
your life Maria has come home from uni
for a little while so I'm gonna go and
see her this morning and then I'll carry
on with my day
guys guys I think I think I found it
just got back from Maria's I'm gonna get
back to this a little bit later I drop
her off at the train station so she can
get back to Manchester get itself back
to University so I'm gonna come home do
some work now I'm just browsing my
Twitter feed and someone sent me to this
page here this like this Google Images
page with all these lights on and that
exactly right these these are the lights
that I was talking about in the other
video like this this is the like this is
the standard of life I want this is the
style of life that I want not standard
called a cord ceiling light now this is
what I want here and I want a load of
them like in a circle going like a
different letting you guys get the point
now look I found them here on eBay you
can buy them here look with all the
different colors I was gonna go with
black and then a single one which comes
out 13 pounds and then you can also get
like cages with them as well you can get
these caged things and you have the rest
of them like free falling down you see
the thing is everything starts with an
idea
everything in the world that has ever
happened has started with an idea a
concept and anyone in the entire world
can come up with an idea it doesn't
matter who you are where you are anybody
can come up with an idea for anything
now the real job to go along with any
idea is what we call execution now
within a plan you have an idea the
execution then the end product most
people don't get this tattoo most people
don't get to execution we need to get to
execution
now what pound isn't to do with steel
this has a detachable switch I did I
just want it simple what I want is one
of these ones but not in gold
I want it in black have a black there's
no black box and this is the type of
ball power want to put in a like
something like this like this retro I
don't think you guys have helped me out
with why one I just think it's gonna be
an eBay job I just can't find my white
in here there's no point spending money
on things that just aren't right we may
as well do this correctly oh no no no no
yes yes yes we've got this we've got
this we can do this this is what I want
this is it this will work this one I was
literally I was literally gonna give up
and so now we've got three different
types of bulb right yes three awesome
types of bulb and then three of these
things now it would be cool if they were
black I was thinking we could possibly
spray-paint them but there's no point I
was about to leave home base in like a
rice drop thinking that we couldn't find
it honestly guys it's all about it's all
about optimism hey Siri define optimism
optimism hopeful and confident about the
future yay we win I think optimism can
be applied to pretty much anything
absolutely anything right no matter how
much you know what the fate is of
something you can still be very
optimistic about it perfectly example
this morning actually when I went around
tomorrow
see her this morning who went out took
some photos and I was like really quiet
around when we were taking these photos
she's having to use an old film camera
and the reason I was being really quiet
is because I was trying to understand it
all it's all quite complicated MCed
Sansa she was also very stressed because
she didn't really know what she was
doing and if the photos were gonna turn
out okay because with an old film camera
it's not like a new digital camera where
you can sync the photo right after
you've taken it you have to go get the
photo develop so you never know what the
like until you develop them and photos
in the past that she's taken up in like
two under exposed to everyone suppose
that she just tell she was really
worried about it just by the bike she
was giving off don't be worried about it
then be quiet just apply optimism
because at the end of the day fate is
fate if the photos are gonna be bad the
photos are gonna be bad
but at least in the time when you when
it was uncontrollable when you didn't
know if the photos were gonna be good
and bad at least you will have at least
had a positive mindset least you're
optimistic and at least you are looking
forward to the future instead of
thinking are these photos are gonna be
bad be optimistic instead oh absolutely
hectic hectic morning this morning but
already fun evening planned I'm actually
live dreaming this evening with my
friend Elliot which should be fun I
think we're doing it from this office at
some point I've got off it in four in a
gym session we can do this to get food
for a white girl you must think like a
white girl
yes yes these bad boys looks I want to
actually see now I want to see for
myself and also I show you guys and then
you can adjust how long the cable is the
idea is you have three of them and you
have each of them at like different
lengths of cable hanging and then you
get yourself a big-ass bulb like this
one and now the idea is you don't just
have that bulb you have you know yeah
you have different balls as well so we
bought this what I bought this one this
was this one and I've made a gross error
I've made a massive error I'll know I've
just made the biggest mistake ever
I bought a screwin bulb they're paying
now aren't they their bayonet they're
meant to be bayonet look this is a
bayonet
I bought a stockroom right nice to go
back and get another bulb till tomorrow
tonight we'll do that tomorrow Elliott
is live streaming in my office all right
so just got so the obvious guys and what
are you doing that's a low window it's a
story
how did Jordan fit through that so you
guys have Elliott and Jordan have now
gone we live stream with them for
probably about an hour I actually really
enjoyed it it was it was a really good
laugh really really for ended up having
to take things to each other really like
a look like a quick quiz and it was
really fun really enjoyed it but you
guys are absolute legends put in a green
screens thank me later you could add a
custom cook projector screen put in a
fridge with loads of red bolt oh my god
you guys
lots of tech inside floor-to-ceiling
Cheers down appreciate it mate a minibar
lot you guys are asking fridges and mini
bars that's pretty X rocker gaming chair
what the hell is that what is this
someone's linked me to something oh my
god it's a massive fridge oh wow
now obviously there's a drone giveaway
involved in this as you guys know what I
don't want you guys doing is going on to
the Qt and saying Alex can I have the
drone that's not how it works I'm gonna
be going through all the comments and
picking out like the most the most
well-written well-thought-out and really
cool ideas like want you guys to use a
lot of brainpower on this well I really
do I'll also be going on your cooter
profile and seeing if you're active uh
you know on the whole of QT as well as
just you know the one post if you guys
can post loaded with the stuff and a
load of other things and you'd be really
informative you know what I'll go
through a look at guys profiles yeah
it's not gonna be like a random thing
I'm genuinely gonna be going and picking
someone I'm picking them and then if
they live in the UK I might even go and
hand-deliver the drone myself how cool
would that be I really want to do that
with some apparel
I'm not sure though when the new hoodies
come out if they come out then I may do
that brilliant a few tech flow videos
now recorded for the coming weeks it's
like what time is it now it's quarter
past three in the morning a.m. you need
to get off my bed I'm not starting my
vlog and I'll end in my blog with you
lying that people think was there in
Tibet together why it's not like you
guys been awesome guys tails and keep
smiling I'll catch you in
yes
