good answer
calling guys up my name is of
course I love listening to music when
I'm trying get ready for the day it
really puts me in the mood
see a good morning guys how are you
doing my name please of course I said
and welcome back to another daily vlog
so how are you guys doing let me know in
a comment section down below or into the
orange snapchat you guys non so active
on all of this stuff got my cup a
snapshot spectacles hair looking fresh
now I know saying has guys we've had a
brilliant start for the week I'm so
happy with birth we put down plans for
the ultimate live streaming room you
guys have less things on the Qt for that
room and give it away a phantom drone a
DJI phantom drone which is absolutely
wicked you've missed all of those needs
go and watch the two videos of them the
warmth of the video yesterday's video
come on life is only Tuesday make in do
you guys know what happens on Tuesday
don't you let go gegege go
the house trixl a trick
yeah what mean things how things are
right so I posted a video like two or
three weeks ago called 300-pound carb
modern still fail with one and G finally
get any star modern clothes
I always check it out later elbows mate
are you okay
I'm feel a bit cheap it's a bit cheeky
right yeah it's a bit cheeky cheers
thank you sit next to me than Elliot are
you going for the sunset that's the best
choice with a Perry fries and garlic
bread okay also get some chicken thighs
on the psyche at Marvel we arrived at
Nando's and this is exactly what happens
when you skip out on breakfast because
you didn't plan scrappy no no kids
Nando's pro lovely I'm probably the
doorbell females give a lot of customers
relator
easy it won't hear this Kannamma concert
which we offered this shop
the
so Katie here I came even full on
refresh squad on the blogs IEP yeah I'm
the symbol effect a.m. every day refresh
Squatch is always on I look at her she's
not like right now look oh look at it
much more load on legend absolute
legend Haley and on CC detailing
northern Rebecca help it oh my god
Jordan calm down
this is it the 300-pound head unit
Jordan whites get installed two weeks
ago and he couldn't do it because
they're not other parts and it's finally
been installed Jordan is absolutely
going man sneezing I can see it
oh I can't I come here we go this is it
I've never seen this before in the flash
apple carplay home button Bradley
Spotify on it connected via car play
that's amazing right it sends a message
to me on apple carplay what do you want
to say cue Alex Brooks movie camera
hello your message says hello
gee I'm happy but it only still mate
finally after like three weeks you happy
with it I'm able to meet in Japan well
spent our tastes are really amazing so
that's exactly what you want but I make
a tensor something that's in a bit
by travelpod member
just finish gym session has been food
had a shower put some new clothes on by
the way these new clothes I actually
bought this top today and I also bought
this black jumper that we love having a
60% sale on I think quite awesome you
guys do this is one last baby in the UK
60% off Jack Wills pretty good deal so
cool
check this out you a hey Siri turn off
the wall light okay so obviously I'm not
gonna buy a fillip few LED strip and
quite down to about this long to sit
behind the school watch yesterday's all
great if you didn't I'll fill you in
quickly you just like not like what the
hell by the way you should wash after
days well because there's a lot of cool
information now blog about the new
series and stuff if you didn't watch it
I'll get there sent me a load of that
home home stuff this eve energy is
probably the best one pretty much you
plug it in between that's with plug
socket and the plug on the wall give it
a name in your phone and then you can
say things like hey Siri turn on the
wall light turn on the wall light thank
you so you can pretty much ultimate any
plug socket you want one thing you're
doing is having one connected to all
these three monitors so I can turn the
monitors on off by clicking my fingers
and speak into series right okay so can
you step off as well
Asus will receive this from Asus I have
absolutely no idea what it is
let's find some space to open it so here
we go this is the box
ohso this yesterday I'll settle this in
an email and ask them what it was I
thought I just want to be as surprised
as you guys are why would I want to find
out what it is when you guys can be
apprehensive it also eyes can be
apprehensive as well I have no idea
what's in here I don't even know if it's
going to send me anything so Asus here
is s is right real G's
thank you I appreciate it it was like
there's a small box inside a bigger box
so with our box knife let's just go and
see what we've got here I know
no clue Oh what what this crew 7.1
surround gaming headset hmm what what
the hell
ace has always sends me that stuff out
like they're brand new stuff like that
even the stuff that they haven't even
released yet they always submit and I
appreciate it focus I got it on the tab
it's magnetic well it's not nothing you
know that it means business I'm not long
for you can headset like I like a nice
set of speakers to have a music loud but
this with this packaging you know that
they're just not messing about they're
just not messing about at all like holy
and it even comes with a headphone stand
look at that I have really high hopes
for this I really hope this sounds good
I really really hope this sounds good
they have an HDMI port on them an HDMI
port
what does an HTM or what it has like a
mental Space Station thing what I think
I figured this out ah this song kills me
oh okay so I figured out how these
things work you connect into this
control panel via HDMI from the headset
right BIA I'm not joking HDMI right and
then you have an HDMI out to some
speakers so what I could do is connect
my kr keys up to this unit and then with
a flick of a button I can switch between
the headset and using the krk how cool
is that it connects to your computer via
USB I've only got one of them plugged in
at the moment which is I stood at night
and it's powering it through my keyboard
what and then on another front of it you
can change that all the individual
things that you can change absolutely
everything
it actually has 7.1 surround sound I
think this is going to be in part 4 of
rebuilding the ultimate setup that thing
is cool
I'll gather scent all of it I'm not sure
how or what I can really do with all of
this except for this one maybe the
motion sensor I'm not too fussed about a
thermostat or a weather sensor or what's
that - another thermostat and I'm not
bothered about how the air quality is or
I'm not bothered about windows one
window and door sensor what's the point
leave a state of an open and closed door
interesting I'm going to take all of
these ones and put them up here so where
they're out them so they're just out of
the way for now and then these ones I'll
take I'll take these one home with me
we're gonna leave all that stuff down
there for the main Channel video just
come off the phone with of course there
actually and PC my custom PC the parts
of the case are being sent to the custom
designer right very very shortly is
going to be like engraving my logo on
the case of the PC and then we're going
to come to the office and build the
thing I'm so stoked and though I'd give
this piece me away but hello but give it
away what I do with it but anyone know
is going to be immense I've also changed
my wallpaper a bit funny fact about this
the wallpaper right has to be over 40
megapixels to stretch across those three
screens right anyway guys I think how
you've enjoyed today's video might as
well like you guys have beetles and guys
stay also keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog ready for it ready oh
yeah
