she's trying to record a little skit of
me changing the cable for the Hamazon
relaxer in the car with this new cable
and I've just had a package arrived from
Asus there we go if you watched the
video yesterday about me installing
Amazon Alexa in my car and he pulling
Alexa in my car you know that we use
this USB extension thing this 3.5 an
extension it didn't work I've now read
on the cable Alexa is sat down there
and we're all wide in all ready to get
Alexa has been successfully installed in
my car
Alexa how are you doing today
I'm great I hope you are too I just made
my day though on the way to home base I
was behind like a school bus full of
school kids on and they all recognized
me this YouTube thing is phenomenal they
already know I was like oh wow still no
still no cool lights though and bass you
never change the light actually this is
new oh wait this is what I want
something like this something like this
right but with natural normal sized
bulbs in it because I want to put these
types of bulbs in it that's what I want
to put in it one of these and I just
think imagine if they have those types
of cool bulbs in and it was like loads
of little lights dangling down like this
in the middle of my bedroom that would
be awesome I think we have to do it
myself that I can't see anywhere that
sells sighs I haven't a thing can you
buy that I'll gifted me I want at least
five or six of them it's gonna be so
expensive I reckon I can do this a lot
cheaper on eBay monkey on the car why is
this music playing I didn't tell the
computer to play it special delivery
guarantee oh it's got my address on the
back special delivery guaranteed by 1:00
p.m. this was sent by someone yesterday
we're not gonna always gonna get because
I've got something to talk about first I
told promised you guys I'd talk about it
so here we go this marks the official
first pan around of this room before
anything is done to it that is the pan
round there okay so I told you guys that
this series is gonna be starting very
very very soon and I told you guys that
had a meeting with the QT team yesterday
we put down plans right for the QT team
to fund this room okay and they're also
doing a giveaway at the end when this
room is finished right giving away a DJI
phantom quadcopter so I've been speaking
to led2 builders I don't really know
what one about really to be honest with
you so I'm happy that the QT more
helping me with this they're gonna
organize all the builders to come in get
everything done exactly how we want it
and this is what leads onto you guys how
do we want this room right and exactly
like we did redoing the ultimate setup
at home we're gonna do the same thing
here there's gonna be a QT page in the
description click on it and if you're
not something I think most of you are on
QT anyway now but if you're not sign
yourself up it's gonna be a page on
there with a picture of this room and
all you have to do is leave a comment
right leave a comment about one thing
you think we could do to the room one
thing we need to do to the room or if
you have any ideas put it in the QT page
you doesn't have to be serious or if you
think it's a cool I do if you think it's
just a little accessory or a table or
something put it on that qtp know what
I'm gonna be doing is I'm gonna be on
the kita page reading replying to you
guys who has like really cool ideas and
the winner for the phantom drone when
this room is finished the winner will be
picked
throughout the comments section of the
QT page in the description for this room
so even if you know you have a really
rubbish idea and you put it on the page
you're still entered into the giveaway
to win the phantom drone is all this
making sense recap we're doing this room
up right
I want your guys feedback and things we
can do to this room right so leave your
feedback on the QT page in the
description and when you leave your
feedback you are automatically entered
into a giveaway for a phantom drone
which is I've got the drone at home I'll
show you it later it's literally at my
house right now down like a sound deal I
think it's a sound deal but I thought
what I do is actually you know talk you
guys through some of my plans and what
I'm wanting to do with it I'm wanting to
carpet the whole thing when it all
carpet it on a board all this up with
plasterboard and have it painted I want
to have a sofa and some chairs I want to
have a nice big TV on
and you see this little crevice bit here
I want this like a box that goes back
with let me brighten up if you guys like
a box that goes back in there we can
have all of the gaming equipment like
the game computers or the via of
equipment or the games consoles and then
over there I want to have a tech flow
set but that's for me to do not for you
guys to do you guys just focus on this
and the plan for this room well it's the
live streaming room I'm gonna come up
here quite often
sit down press the button and start a
live streaming to twitch playing games
and Chang to you guys and I also had a
brilliant idea of having special guests
come up for a day and we'd set their
live streaming I've already sent a
message to Elliott Crawford he's
involved he'd said he'd love to come
down loads of other youtubers that I can
think of I'd love to get down here and
you know we've gotta follow them on
Twitter they follow me back so I can
just drop them a DM and be like yo jus
want to come down to my place for a name
to sit there livestream play some games
and chat and get everybody involved so
that guys that is the plan start of
something new wait to do this guys main
series on the main channel and I also
told you guys about a lot of ideas that
I had for the main channel in
yesterday's video about doing like top 5
tips of set ups and stuff did 11 top 5
videos and making my Mars watch channel
a bit more personal
this is my vlogging channel I get that
and it's really personal but what my
Mars my channel to have like one upload
a week and have some cool stuff on there
like omegle and stuff and I want you
guys to let me know what I should do on
there and I think you guys didn't
yesterday's video I haven't this hasn't
it's not six o'clock yeah it's like
three in the afternoon so I don't I
don't know if what you guys have said
yeah but this is arrived and I like most
things have absolutely zero idea home
kit product home kit product info is
enclosed in envelope here how is an
arrow better home I know what they say
this is from I'll got a home kit product
info here we go I think I hope this gift
find you well as I'm sure you already
know I haven't keep products are super
easy to install news but once you have
more than one system gets much more
powerful they ask the
it has the potential to be more complex
that's why I want to give you a bit of
the backorder so we can speak so you can
speak with authority on this stuff I
hope that's okay whoa whoa al Gatto have
literally sent me have their whole range
of like smart home products this is so
cool man like this is insanely cool it's
like a motion sensor and then a plug
socket so I can have it said that like
when I walk into a room a motion sensor
senses that I'm their own it turns on
the plug socket I could maybe have the
door and window contact sensor so I can
tell when it's been opened and people
have come and parcels up for me thank
you very much I'm gonna take a
read-through of your explanation of all
the products I appreciate you doing that
for today's vlog has been full packed so
far hasn't it we're only like midway
through the day crazy right let's get
back wicked awesome eventful morning
forward-slash afternoon today guys
really enjoyed it finished up installing
Alexa in the car got up nice and early
this morning to do that received a
package from Asus which is I honestly
have no idea what that is no idea
whatsoever I just didn't say they were
sending me anything why is that on my
computer
someone open that a little bit later not
sure I might few Asus an email and just
ask them what they've what they've sent
me I'm also getting my haircut this
evening which yes it is very overdue
guys yeah thanks for telling me but
absolutely so stoked about the Qt team
and the whole the whole team wanting to
be involved with the live-streaming
group now I've been leaving the QT guys
to it for I'm gonna say the last almost
two months I've been doing random
giveaways on QT and trying to get you
guys feedback on QT but whenever you
guys go to QT you say it crushes and
it's not user friendly and okay to cut a
long story short and I can't really go
into the business side of things but you
know the person that made Amazon Alexa
will not made it is is behind he's
behind the natural voice recognition
team on Alexa
he's now involved with the QT team how
mental is that we've got some big stuff
happening hopefully in the next three
months we're gonna have a mobile app out
and I can't really tell you guys much
but the name QT is gonna be changed to
something else but I can't tell you guys
what it is yet I mean I'm
100% hoping right that this app QT when
it's not gonna be called QT in the next
three months it's all gonna change but
I'm hoping it's just gonna blow up and
if it doesn't well how much we can do
about it
yeah I think I've got some you guys
there we go what do you think I'm I'm in
this room now because the lie the light
is quite good in this room scene check
out my hair people coming here the leak
and really see it as well but yes hair
is cut I've gone for it well come about
to be really sure again I can never make
up my mind but you know what if I want
it longer I can make it great if I want
it shorter I have to get the hairdresser
round so I sing to myself while he's
here I may as well I may as well get it
sure what do you guys think do you like
it do you not like it let me know your
thoughts in the comments why has he got
this then what's this for this is the
drone that I'm giving away a lens hood
as well for it and gimbal guard okay I
wanted to do this room for so long and
now I'm so happy that the coop team
helping out giving away this drone as
well all you have to do to enter the
drone giveaway is to go back look in the
Cutie in the description and put a
comment as to what you think we can do
with the room and we're gonna try and
make that thing happen and do like to do
collaborative things with you guys that
is the whole point right
by 9:00 and I'm doing a series on the
main channel where where I talk to you
guys in a snapshot but is the thing that
I'm going to do because that fact right
hearing things like that that is why I
do this brilliant guys all finished up
in the gym I've been really getting into
my snapchat we sleep with you guys we
don't have me on snapchat
it's obviously mozzie snaps if you don't
add me up I do talk to you guys and then
try and reply to you guys on there a lot
I've been snap chatting a lot like
recently anyway guys - Mel likes you
guys been awesome guys they also keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
vlog adios
