good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another daily vlog welcome to my
Sunday for the most part of the day so
far I've been living it fairly difficult
very difficult
Sunday's very cold outside and quite
cold in the house I want to be comfy I
was really cold hence why I got this on
allow it gets really cold and I don't
want to put a coat on because I want to
be comfy so I'm wearing this yeah I'm
sorry I said yesterday which was well
there was with anything that was fun to
edit John will have a flash sale on like
60% of everything put loaded stuff in my
basket and it wouldn't let me check out
my coffee
I've had a ham sandwich dancing pretty
well so far
so there you go so so far my Sunday has
been fairly average fairly average and I
thought to myself I don't want my Sunday
to the average what we're going to need
with is all we're going to need Alexa my
name is an XM we're going to need a
portable Wi-Fi hotspot and an assortment
of sticky tape cables cable ties and
velcro right yeah I think that starts
everything I need to do this if this
works I'll be able to move let's go
swish just arrived at Jordan's house is
just going to actually know he's gone mi
if you got mail snapshot you'll know
that I'm a massive music freak like
absolutely love music and then I'll
bring you guys songs in these blogs that
I think like all of you might like
because I am very aware that the age
demographic on this channel Mars love
logs is very vast like this people in
their mid adult life that watch my vlogs
and it's also very young people so I
don't want to be controversial about
this I want to bring music for everyone
okay so I found this song yesterday
called down by Marion Hill if I couldn't
play now right it's very very very chill
right but then right listen to the drop
quite cool right okay I don't know I
mean yeah and about make things like I
don't know forget about some soul Exodus
oh no I don't be it's going to work
there's so many things that could go
wrong in doing this so all do right
we'll make sure it work and then tidy
all the way a lot put it in place a
permanent electro enabled car first you
can get a quick once-over mini clean the
car yesterday when it came out of
service but driving down Jordan flame it
has got really dirty all your wanna be
hot
but actually the car things is raining
in low give it a go right so Jeannie
clean car thank you very much we're
looking pretty pretty clean we've got a
little bit of rain so girls try make
this click and clean
there's a bunch of gear we're going to
be doing this today installing the echo
dot into a car now obviously to do this
you probably think United is going to
work should need constant internet
access that's why I did you pull out
that other little black box is in there
this is a 4G Wi-Fi device that we're
going to install permanently in the car
so when the engine starts this thing
starts up and starts giving out white
that we can connect then the the Alexa
or echo dot to probably the first thing
we need to do right it just plug it all
in to see if it works so the Wi-Fi is on
oh no oh I don't think it's gonna work
right and then let's see the first
resort by connecting it with an aux
cable yeah let's just do the typical if
this works I'm going to be mind blown I
like so what's the weather like today
why no not iam eighty Alexa play
antidote by Travis Scott antidote when I
tried to start from Spotify alright so
we just open the boot here then my car
actually has a USB sorry alight now was
it called a cigarette lighter in the
back and then that can power this bad
boy which can live in the boot here we
go that we're taking care of the Wi-Fi
as you can see the 4G hotspot is all
cable tied down we did a cable
management that and it's plugged in USB
it's all charging and then when you
close the boot nothing that at all and
then it's just underneath the parcel
shelf it is Bank ID mate that's what
we're going for right so I like to set
up in the back I'm trying to search a
Bluetooth devices let's see if we can
connect this via bluetooth yell as I saw
unable to connect to your Bluetooth
device so we are going to have to use
the 3.5 not able to get this to work
this is the plan so far and put the
Wi-Fi on installed as you've seen we
just texted Alexa at the back she does
pick up the voice when we sat in the
driver seat which is good but we really
ideally want Alexa off the front we know
that we've got to connect power to this
and the throughput final jack to the car
here's the plan
write a 3.5 million extra it's in the
front entrance fell down that they were
going to run the 3.5 ml cable under the
trim next to this under this seat and
have Alexis SAP just on the floor down
here so you can't see it when you're in
the car and then we're going to run the
power from the boot behind the trim is
just down here as you guys can see the
trim right down here down there and then
under the seat from the back there's no
tables on the show select install happy
days let's do this
right so a house versus brick wall this
might be USB cable that comes with
Amazon elected even though we're nowhere
near long enough the room from here all
the way write it under the seat under
here so gee the guy that is it says Alex
don't worry violet got your back we've
got ourselves the USB to USB female
adapter so what we can do is if worse
comes to worst we're going to connect
these two together and now we've got
ourselves an insanely long cable routing
no good cable management good cable
management is all going for here right
so if you have a mini right we try to
problem you don't really but if you do
I'll let you know a little secret you
can actually lift up the bottom of the
seat really easily so I've just routed
the USB cable underneath this seat and
it literally just clicks down clips back
in place easy stuff and then this is
just going to go down here so here look
it literally just comes out there see
we've got a USB cable coming out there
and then under my driving seat I've got
micro USB and an aux cable to plug in
Alexa this is all going to plan - well
something has got to go wrong right here
we go moment of truth let's plug in a
micro USB cable this works and plug in a
3.5 ml jack and then give ourselves a
little bit of ignition on the car and
then this needs to be tucked under one
tweak what's the weather like today
please work right now nothing there are
we going to lay sleeping that works play
holi Alex's Spotify playlist only alex
is from spotify connector so that works
is all working this is awesome Wi-Fi
installed Alexa connected to the Wi-Fi
Alexis Dom so cool key nugget ocean that
has amazing wasn't it we've done it game
we've done it Alexa is actually
installed in my car my car is now Alexa
enabled
whenever I say Alexa she perks up I'll
be bill banker from Spotify this is your
jeonggi
right dude she'll go for a little Drive
and people to get it to work while we're
driving
let's do it but I'm obviously going down
a road into the middle of nowhere right
now but so if I was pulling onto my
driveway at home I could be all like
Alexa turn on the lights okay there you
go
she just turned in on my lights in the
bedroom I like said describe awesome
awesomeness a measurement of how awesome
something is so you can get in the car
or be anywhere in the car and just say
Alexa remind me to pick up milk when I
get to the shops you have one to do pick
up milk I get to the shop there you go
right bro I must head in my electorate
enabled car Butler's are working to do
this how all I'm seeing cheese around I
was impulsive climbs Tuesday right mate
okay other Goreski weekend and I'll see
you soon mate play this now into no
particular reason how I come to the
office on a Sunday for this block any
reason may be obvious right now is
because otherwise do my emails and it
gives me the heads up for the Monday so
my inbox is zero on Monday I always like
that guys look at me so I just sat in
the car just drive home Alexa what time
is it but never seen if this works you
ready ready for this right Alexa turn on
the lights and can oh my god I can
legitimately just be in my car and be
like Alexa turn off the lights Alexa
turn on the light so yeah here you go
guys this is what I'm going to be giving
away for you and yeah I've had to also
meet with the consumers stuff use what I
do to enter the giveaway I'll be going
over that in zamyla's what Alexa is
wicked in the car guys isn't she even
got in my room over here Alexa how you
doing I've also been having some sick
ideas for the main channel as well guys
I'd love to get some feedback I thought
you know the majority of people that are
subscribed to the main channel on you
guys it's all year we were in there for
the setups aren't we come on let's be
real so I thought why do i do like top 5
set up tips or top 5 cable management
tips and I know I've done those in the
vlogs before but how about I don't blog
about them as well just vlogs if I want
to be in my day but then I do like a
really
really well edited version of like a top
5 how to do stuff on your desk you guys
won't leave any top 5 videos that I
could do drop them down in the comment
section down below and some of them on
Twitter as well anyway guys I'm going to
sleep - and Alex you guys been up some
guy's stairs to keep smiling I'll catch
you in tomorrow's vlog
