Oh what's Alex doing oh there was the
knight in shining armor in your movie
look out the car and there's already a
drone right above med right over there
you're going way too fast guys how y'all
doing my name is of course Alex number
one this is the perfect weather to me to
actually be wearing this bet skills so
hopefully a half as an idiot as I have
the last few days wearing them in the
videos number two I probably should've
worn some different Footwear and number
three I've got my drone in my hand this
is a first for a while isn't it I
definitely should've worn these shoes I
spy with my little eye a maverick throw
right there and the DJI phantom4 over
there okay it's following me it's
following me run
that's the Malik bro right there and
then there's my drone and then there's
Nelly extrude as you guys know I wanted
to get my drone license done as soon as
possible
I want to properly bring the drone back
to the vlog so as you guys know I want
to do it all properly owning up my
license I told you guys with 2017
resolution I wanna get it done within
the next two months but it's been an
awesome fun coming out and actually
flying eggs I haven't even flown it in
like oh yeah you pick the muddiest
places to go flying drones mate you
should have told me to not wear my shoes
my shoes cheers guys see in a bit see ya
that emoji
now here we go can I spot my car
anywhere I don't think so huh look at
all the minis I'm surrounded right now
my car Stephanie not here but look at
all the minis
I'm surrounded by minis this will
probably be the last time I Drive you
mr. mini right I'm gonna go into the BMW
see if I can locate my actual car oh no
I've already seen it I've already seen
it it's the best one here can you see it
guys where is it boom aah
they've even cleaned it for me oh wow
yeah boy - you know why I'm picking up
my car on my car win and if you didn't
watch the one walking to pick up my hi
car and give my car back pretty much my
whole car got recalled they wanted to
replace the Pistons in the engine are
pretty pretty big job so I'm hoping
everything's good now I've got my key to
my car and it's so clean it's so weird
guys going back to driving automatic
after driving a manual like it's just so
strange
it feels so good to be back in the car
absolutely love it just arrives at
Jeff's house he literally lives two
minutes away from the mini garage so I
thought I'd just pop in and say hi I
only saw him like two days ago but
Hammond he's an ageist i'll just pop
around and say hi movie movie car mate
maybe oh like my admiring is going
brilliant car is all picked up I've just
stopped off at my grandma's on the way
back home because I haven't seen them in
a while the Mummy's gonna come here too
haven't seen her since Christmas Eve in
a watch my blogs I know I'm not taking a
picture but you can do it on your phone
I'm just taking the mick out of your
mother dear that's good sure that's good
that's good that's a good photo
you always take it you're on the tiny
just blink your eyes no just blink your
eyes and do it you put it look I put out
and just start blinking your eyes there
you go there you go just took it you
don't you press that button you idiot
alright see in a bit then bye-bye
right see anything grandmother thank you
very much
flying the drone today haven't had that
much fun in a while I forgot how wicked
it is to fly those things and of course
you finish up the meal with the extra
hot sauce Nando's get down by the way
guys if you followed Burton Instagram is
Instagram is Bertie called he has his
Instagram account he's a pretty cool
cowboy get down three guys back home run
a really eventful day for a Saturday
today and I actually flew a drone I
don't believe that I flew a drone and we
had a mamak in the air which is cool
I've held him a vaccine a maverick but
never seen one flown before
yeah that was sweet if you guys watch to
the end of yesterday's video you'll know
why Mikey Arkady's aren't here yeah
kind of in yesterday's video it also
mentioned about doing some changes in
here and it was like they've taught the
main topic of the comment section when I
read through the comments and the weird
thing is I only brush on it for probably
about 30 seconds of the entire video but
like 90% of the comments was oh my god
is through some changes to the room I
can't wait to see this confidence in
those comments easy to talk about you
guys just likes to see like am I even a
vlogging channel anymore or am I just
like making changes to my life and then
you guys like to see that kind of a
logic channel though isn't it anyway yes
all of you agree that we need to just
sort this out this isn't this isn't the
Mars bar standard this is not stuff now
what's gonna wait until we've got the
new PC got it all built and then do all
this at once but what I thought I might
knew was change all of this put these
two consoles here and have all the
consoles here because I've still got to
do all the cable management stuff for it
but unfortunately I've also had to go
and see my grandma and granddad this
afternoon whatnot unfortunately I love
seeing those guys absolutely love Sam oh
come on guy likes to know how happy it
makes them want to go round and we
always have a good chat and it's good
topic capture so unfortunately home base
it's closed I can't go around and get
any cable management so I can't do it in
this video we can't change this in this
video I just don't have the stuff to do
it because some cable trunking there
that's what that rhymes doesn't it but I
think I need some longer cables to get
everything sorted out I just don't that
I don't want to rush this thing so
unfortunately there's not much I can
really really really do at this point
there's not much I can really do right
guys unfortunately I've just come to the
end of my tether with this jet lag that
I've still got from like five days after
I've been back in the UK is honestly
ridiculous didn't get to sleep last
night till 3:30 a.m. it's it's driving
me fairly fairly insane to be honest
with you I've never felt like this
before so someone got me some tablets
today I don't then not like they're not
sleeping pills but they aid you to sleep
so I'm not going to sit you and say you
guys I've got some sleeping pills I'm
gonna take them the force plate see they
like you take them and they just make
you feel a bit drowsy and hopefully I'm
gonna get sleep tonight and then wake up
tomorrow and be able to be alive most of
the day
Fillie thank you for all the comments
and stuff in the comments that you guys
been killing it recently thank you I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog tomorrow's
bug is it a good one by the way oh yes
