good morning guys everyone is of course
how I can welcome back to another daily
vlog I placed my camera down that open
the door came into the roof sat down on
the chair wheeled the chair over here
and was I was going to sit down and chat
to the camera for a little bit I've got
so much energy to do that so I'm going
to stand up because I'm away from the
job so once away in Vegas as you guys
know those are sort an assortment of
parcels that arrived in the office and
I'm just trying to slowly going through
them and open them all up
not sure what's inside this bad boy and
we walked inside the one here today
obviously because has a divider for the
project which you guys mess with the
most and feedback about so thank you
thank you for that very much it's also
the same kind of walked in here but I
don't know I mean it's come from China
obviously lots of Chinese writing
although it said to 8:30 on it this
could just be for all I know it could be
anything
okay I'm going to sit down now I'm
getting a habitual manager okay looks
very well wrapped whatever it is that is
what we're playing with they were wore
out Samson got the club's function oh by
the way guys I went back through last
night and watched oh and a 32 gigabyte
memory card I went back through last
night and watch the load of my own vlogs
and realize just like how much how much
less seriously I said bugging versus how
much more seriously I take it now and I
feel like I think it's more seriously
now because because there's more of you
guys watching but then I liked my more
casual blogs better so I'm going to try
and yeah I'm gonna try I'm gonna try
occasionally vlog like this big go back
semester
within than just less fun but also
obviously have a have a good time ago
Jesus is singing brat
very very well so of what insta 360 nano
panoramic camera turn your iPhone into a
360 degrees virtual reality camera CES
Innovation Award 2017
well I was at CES 2017 and I never saw
this I never saw this or spoke to this
company I do insta 360 nano panoramic
camera made by iPhone so 32 gigabyte
card as well cause I love like the
apprehension about this I absolutely
love getting photos in companies and it
is now in my head I'm thinking is this
thing good as any good or is it just
going to be like a massive gimmick and
it is not watch I mean the packaging
looks okay it comes as VR bubbles no way
so you can no no so you can record your
video and then no way microfiber
cleaning cloth instruction manual I
think this is the actual camera itself
take my iPhone case off and I'm assuming
this just it's got a blue light on it
and enough to be our Google okay this is
something I need to read the instruction
manual for darkness download the app
I'll get constantly all ready to take me
straight to the App Store brilliant I
have never ever never ever ever seen an
iPhone gadget as cool as this before
it's downloaded the app is downloaded it
already I've never done a through
anything 360 before either this is new
for me
Wow allow Institute 60 nano to access
your look hello please activate your
into 360
activate drag the screen to preview
spherical video oh no way that's awesome
I so pretty why vice so weird wide so
strange I can't deal with that that's
amazing
oh my guys the only thing that springs
to mind right now is the where can I
post these spiritual images you can post
them to Facebook on you so let's take a
photo
right
all right I'm gonna take a photo right
now literally right now and then I'm
going to pose with the face book right
and then I'll drop a link to it in the
comment section and you guys check out
right three two one
it's taken look at that I wish it right
can I put it on third ah I can do those
types of photos with it that's insane
oh my god I know if you guys can if you
guys can even see my screen when I'm
like showing you but look at this it's
so trippy and then you can do little
planet which is back to normal again
which is just like that and then fisheye
which is like normal and then
perspective which is like that
oh my so cool I'm going to play this
looks good football I've always wanted
to double with it and mess around with
it but I've never actually like had the
chance to play with it I've got it on
charge now that majority for the last I
don't know 15 20 minutes what does it
count side and turns it composes okay no
hardly you come in ruining my video I'm
going to take this into town right now
and I'm stealing take some photos some
video I don't know what I can do with it
really like because I doing 360 vlogs I
don't think so I think you guys have
probably complained because whenever any
vlogger does a 360 blog everyone just
seems to complain all the quality is not
good always loading rooby-roo it's not
this is another and apparently you can't
like edit them like really well they're
just like crappy vlogs when you do it
361 because you can't edit them and put
that song sound effect but yeah I mean
let's just take it out take some photos
of it you ready for this I feel so bad
have my phone out of a case ok sounds a
bit busier than I first thought but
there's a video surveillance unit just
think you'll find but I'm the video
surveillance unit I've got the 360 count
right now set you guys and it's there
alright you ready for there
I'm in the office now look look at this
this is so strange I can't quite get
over it I don't know how many but to put
this in a blog way because I'm gonna be
able to put in the blogger if it's
recording sound but if it is what okay
okay this thing as an absolutely a star
for me is so so so so cool right I want
to try to take this out I'm gonna put
this back on charge whilst I do this
right what I'm going to do is put my
phone in these VR goggles right now that
it does it come with oh my god oh my god
so trippy it's socially as my eyes this
iPhone accessory has blown my mind the
Taemin is talking to a phone it's
amazing it's really camera got video and
it it comes with BL doubles and the VR
goggles are the box that it comes in
there's actually the best guy that I
played with in a long time yeah I think
I've got one I saw on the presidential
like Barack son yes on the guys I came
home to edit yesterday's video I'm super
super proud of yesterday's video like
really really proud of it one of the
best one of the best videos I've ever
done and I've ever touched over this
earlier when I was in the office but
I've noticed it like just leave this I
don't know I think I would have told you
guys the things will I being a bit more
professional and that means things
possibly a little bit more boring I want
to be I love it my adventurous with the
vlog
yes make sense cool it was actually my
dad's birthday on Tuesday like this
Tuesday just gone he's got a meal
tonight's currently Friday night go for
a meal with the some Amistad and then
I've got to go and
be a client now a lot of people love you
guys too Alex you know how do you get
clients how are you getting clients when
you go out and do you work one mental
way and easy way to get clients is to
work with people who you're friends with
so those things go wrong where you mess
up you know that your friends and I know
because first but then if things go
right with your friends then you can
then refer you to people that you don't
know and you can get more clients more
clients more folks because no matter if
you know someone or not they can still
be your client back in the office again
then for the mirror does realize after
the meal which went very well thank you
very much has come back to the office
quickly to sort of take slow video live
which is now in now cocooned alive it's
a video editor here you know the
community Lecoq map if you're into
automotive trouble and the future of
what the roads are going to look like
yeah you might only go check out the
video on tech phobic you're not
interesting that's what's up then down
oh I feel that well that's yeah Elliott
like really it you're it I know I'm
doing man on don't you do like yes it's
always good to realize that you do will
isn't it yeah well I think kind of on do
yeah that's yeah you do an idiot it's a
mindset and if you think you know do it
then yeah yeah yeah so guys just got
back from my meeting I'll let me stuck
outside my gaze to Kentucky open my gaze
of my house was like a stone number four
yes I actually ring the gates to open
them there's not that burned you ring a
phone them but any opens my gates right
so I still got my game for ages come get
them open because already on the phone
for my friends Elliott not the Elliott
probably you guys know me but you you
want to go out tonight and I was like no
need to repair dude I'm still really
absolutely battered from the jet lag I
just don't think it would be a good idea
it would turn down I thought to myself
as I put the phone down going out on a
Friday night right and I thought
actually wait Alex Brooks would turn
that down you know why you want to see
what it's doing ways been working on
well first up what looks different about
the setup I'll show you what I was gone
from now Oh Wesley yeah I just because
gone wait a minute before we go in there
epilepsy warning as the slashing light
so if you don't like that sort of stuff
like flashing lights and stuff just sort
of look away
he'll be
now I know he's saying don't try this at
home having electrics near water is
never a good idea I've done the good old
turning over the extension cable we're
just gonna have to be really careful try
this at your own risk
might as well if you guys with awesome
guys stay up and keep smiling I'll catch
you in tomorrow's vlog yeah
Oh
