I think we might have some just now guys
I'm not sure if you guys can can see
this but can you guys see the windows
it's like some dark out there it's 12
o'clock right midday right now it is a
literally midday right now and it looks
like the Sun has already set it's
throwing it down outside absolutely
awful day today
but don't worry guys because we're gonna
have an absolutely awesome vlog as per
usual - or some things are happening
today and I really hope I really hope
that the the weather perks up a little
bit so guys the first or something
that's happening is well it's ER it's in
this box
look at that weather are they it's
literally it's absolutely awful bus oh
God
so guys I usually give my brother the
heads-up when I want to record with him
right when I want him to be in one of
these videos or do something I haven't
told him today because I want to
surprise him today guys I'm gonna be
doing part six or seven of pimping Jacob
set up and I bought something in this
box to help me do that for his setup but
I'm not gonna tell you guys what it is
you'll have to wait guys the second
thing that's happening today is the DJI
event
now all of you guys know who DJI are
right they make they make these awesome
little drones I've got some little
drones like this DJI spark right here
which this thing this thing is wicked
new Jay I know a thing or two that
little spark is sick my inspire is
amazing
DJI are the drone leaders and I look
drones and I know a lot of you guys do
because you say Alex use the drone more
in the video that takes the stage and
they reveal or unveil a new product and
the new product the DGI unveiling today
kind of I already know what it is called
because it's gonna be called the Mavic
air and it's gonna be a drone that sort
of sits in between the DJI spark and the
DJI Mavic which I have by I sold a and I
think it's gonna take all the good
things from this and all the good things
from the Mavic and merge them into one
ultimate drone 4k and it's gonna be able
to record 1080p 120 fps
and that van guys is today so guys what
I'm gonna be doing is taking off my
inspire 1 what I'm gonna do is put it in
what's called autonomous mode where it
literally follows the controller the
inspire 1 does not have any of the
awesome DGI features that the other
drones have where it can like follow
things all it can do is follow the
actual controllers GPS signal so I'm
gonna have the controller in the car I'm
gonna drive the car I've got my spotter
over there
take off the drone and see if we can get
some cool shots and then guys we'll go
back and we will look at the Kino and
see what DGI releases today
actually they we're pretty pretty cool
that thing flies by itself it's so
understand how serious is this bro
there's there's one minute left one
minute left I legitimately have
absolutely zero idea as to what DJI are
going to be releasing today that is 33
seconds left on the clock
30 seconds left I mean heck I don't even
know what's gonna happen here this is
mental this is sick
look guys even birds interested he sat
right here watching it with me
it's literally about to stop please
welcome on stage
DJ guys director of North America 9
months ago so you probably get yourself
Alex what do you think of the new DJI
Mavic air and well I'm all for it I
think it's absolutely amazing I think
it's that sort of middle house between
the DJI spark which I currently own and
the DJI Maverick which I have owned and
got rid of it has intelligent flight
path so won't just stop the drone if it
thinks you're gonna crash it will
actually automatically reroute itself
around the object in the way it is 4k
and compute 1080p 120 fps it has a
better range with new antennas is small
holdable wife of the new DJI goggle this
is brand new technology this is pushing
DG eyes so far in the future that all
the competition there just isn't any
there just is no competition
so then guys I may or may not have a new
maverick air already on the way and you
can't even order them yet so well we'll
just keep that on between you and us
hopefully I should have one very very
soon anyway guys drones aside I need to
get fit here is my gym kit and here is a
bag to put the kit in I got it hi guys
are 4 p.m. today which is in about half
an hour have my first ever CrossFit
training session and this is where you
like get ripped and sort of shredder
well I were very trying to work out
really so I need to go to that now and
these people that do this CrossFit thing
they also have sessions at like 6:30
a.m. so some days I'm gonna get up super
early super motivated and go smash out
some exercise
so guys these are the presents that I
have got Jacob but quickly I need to get
changed because we've just come back
from the gym and it was really good fun
but these are what I've got Jacob in
this box and then also just a little bit
of cable trunking he's gonna be back
home in two minutes all right
hey come upstairs bro that's my chair oh
then bro come here what we need to do is
a little video because you've said to me
for ages what's been a video didn't you
alright and you said on the weekend the
ones gonna play minecraft in the office
wanted to stream it and I just didn't
have time did I yeah so I promised you
some time this week and it's only
Tuesday that we'd do a video together so
to say sorry for not spending time with
in the weekend I bought you something
it's for you know the series that we do
about your gaming room is it part six
that were on now no it's nice like five
or four it's all six we've done five so
I've got to do part six now today is
part six sure do
today's episode of building the automate
you're all set up it's gonna get
slightly technical okay general cable
trunking is it hides cables inside it so
this opens up and you put cables inside
it and it looks neat doesn't it that
means right because you know we
installed the special LEDs behind the
telly that as soon as you turn the telly
on the LEDs come on there we go that is
sick we need to get this telly on the
wall dude it's gonna look so sick with
those LEDs behind it yeah let's do it we
need to go to the garage and get
see guys throughout this as well as
obviously trying to make my brother a
sick gaming setup I'm doing it with him
I'm actually letting him do the actual
work you know teaching him how to use
screwdrivers and drills and how to do
things as regards to setups and actually
trying to teach him that's half of what
I'm doing here doing things like this
guy's speeds up and saves you loads of
time because you have no clearing up to
do this just goes straight out the
window success now I need to get the
tele on the wall and get the cables up
to the tele what does he then bro don't
you like it yeah it's amazing isn't it
that looks so much better dude this is
like brought this setup up to the next
level now what you can do got so much
space there to put like all your
controllers and all of your models which
you've taken off dude this is mental how
sick is that
that looks absolutely sick bro I don't
want to interrupt you play mockingly but
quitting over touch you happy all these
to do now is tidy all of this up and put
all of your gear on your shelf are you
asking them to do it yes women guys I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's and take
lug here I really do hope you have
enjoyed it guys if you have a light
rating would be absolutely wicked you
know what I'm guys as per usual nothing
changes
merch link in the description and I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's daily vlog
guys adios
