yes to put google open an inch screen
and then it gives enough light to out to
the softbox but I'm sorry here come on
guys is how we doing my name is of
course I liked and welcome back to
another daily blog I want to get your
guy's opinion on something right I was
reading a book last night reading a book
well not not this one I am reading this
one of the most other ones over there
and I was talking about people being
selfish right and one of the quotes is
said let me try and think of it people
only do things when it suits them don't
be that person I think that's what the
quote read out one that means it's for
example I put in context so you've got a
friend right and he it doesn't want to
talk to you you're texting him he's not
replying but then when he needs
something he texts you and he expects
you to be all there and replying and
expects you to be there when he wants
you there but when you need something
know who didn't apply it takes ages to
reply yeah don't be that person talking
about you yeah food yes food what just
in the jugular man
brilliant food all consumed I always say
you need good food and you've got the
space and then that equals good work
just got a hard drive here that I've
just wrote on it written on it tech flow
mental vids more on that one we get to
the office there's never a day where
they get a parcel mate you're now in
possession of the type of hard drive
let's see it a state in its flesh there
it is okay that's got ladies and Jenny's
run equipment he goes home we didn't go
up to like 12 o'clock today because I'm
still jet-lagged so we don't get in
really no work dancing ready at home
mate I've seen a bit this is my project
that I want to work on and I thought of
this a few days ago and I were ahead and
ordered this stuff as soon as I thought
about it as soon as I thought about it
this is my new secret well it's not seen
because I'm gonna tell you guys what it
is it was a secret project up until now
and then it's not gonna be a secret
projects I'm gonna tell you guys what my
project is and I want to give you I want
you guys to give us some feedback on my
little idea right to kick things off
some news the main channel yes the main
channel right Alex what's going up with
my HR might what you do now as you guys
know my name is a solutions or one of
them was to work more on the main
channel I've got to series is that I
want to finish on the main channel one
of them is really busy doesn't sense
that want to be part for one get that
all finished
I'm working on it a promise and the
second series I want to do is the live
streaming room up there I'm working on
that as well I promise
I don't just wake up every day and do
these daily vlogs I wake up every day do
these daily vlogs run a company and work
on main Channel videos I'm working on
the videos at the moment but I'm not
showing you guys it because I want I
want them to be more like of a height
for the main channel so yes I'm working
on main channel videos okay but what you
guys be the first to know I'm totally
revamping the main channel
I'm gonna be using it a lot more and
probably once or maybe twice a week
hopefully enemy doing things like I'm
legal videos meeting you guys and amigo
get a bit of challenges I'm gonna be
doing here box openings on they're gonna
be doing videos with friends on they're
gonna be doing the series videos on
they're gonna be doing big big project
videos on there like like bigger
projects than what I do in the vlog
hence these two parcels I want to get
your guy's opinion on some but I can't
meet your guys opinion unless you know
exactly what in the Apostles and I tell
you what my secret project is so what
I'm gonna do it's a few items here right
now see if you guys can guess comment
section is the place right I've got here
right a mobile Wi-Fi hotspot this you
put a sim card in it anywhere you are a
picks up 4G in terms it into wife I've
got here the echo dot second-generation
this is the Amazon echo you know the
thing you say Alexa to and you can
pretty much get it to take over the
world if you want well this is the echo
dot it's a smaller version it's powered
by USB you can plug it into some
speakers a via a 3.5 ml jar or connect a
pair of Bluetooth speakers to it can you
guess what I'm going to do with these
two items together what am I gonna do
with them like what am i doing what's
this project come on give it a guess in
the comment section right now play a
little game with yourself because a
minute I'm gonna organ just just think
about it any head play little games so
yeah so I'm gonna give you ten seconds
to guess what you think I'm gonna do
with these two items and where I'm gonna
put them right because I need to know
where that I'm gonna do this is one
video on the main channel because this
might be the sort of stuff that I want
to do on the main channel or I don't
know if I should do it in the blogs that
I have the vlogs are some sort of behind
the scenes right if you guys have you
thought about it right okay I'm gonna be
installing this in my car right I'm
going to be having a lexer right in my
ha right so I can literally ask you
anything
whilst I'm driving played music take me
somewhere
Yaya Deanna you get the point but pull
up on my drive when I get home and ask
it to turn the lights on whilst I'm
still in the car so this is gonna be a
cool little relief button project and I
can't wait to work and every when I get
my when I got my car back from the
garage but here's the question for you
guys do I now do little projects like
this on the main channel and have the
vlogs is behind the scenes so that means
I'm uploading more on the main channel
obviously I'll still vlog and have the
vloggers the behind the scenes and do
like a main Channel video tryna install
is properly in a car I'm not just gonna
chuck it in the car when it install
properly all hidden away so you can't
see it I can just say Alexa and it'll
work so you think this doing something
like this is a cool main channel video
like how to install Amazon a lecture in
the car forwards it now it's just a vlog
is that just a vlog alright because I
know these are my YouTube channels I
totally get that but these are my
YouTube channels because you guys make
them my youtube channel this is a
collaborative thing between me and you
guys and touching it right now let me
know what you think guys I'm talking
about this room if you looked it and
then a little back in me and think Alex
you've just told me you said you're
working under on the room on the live
streaming room you're clearly not
working on it are you you'd embassy
wonder if you looked at the room it
doesn't like I'm doing anything but if
you're thinking that you cleared it
understand why I'm trying to do here at
this moment in time I'm trying to solve
builders that are gonna come a
plasterboard this thing and install a
carpet I can't do anything at this point
so I'm constantly like I never I never
ever stop thinking about YouTube and
craving videos ever this little project
what I want to do in the meantime
and I can't wait to see if I can
actually get this to work right back
home hello Berta call Adam it's so
thinking about the main channel because
it's been on my mind a lot recently
I'm just waited to get the series
finished in this room about redoing
redoing this set up now obviously this
is my new little project that I want to
get started on but before that I want to
do
I've got to finish off all the cable
management in here finish off installing
all of this VR properly but why don't
you think you do because this place down
here is also crowded with the PC and the
consoles I was thinking of moving the
consoles over here and installing some
proper cable management you guys get the
jeer because as well this is the biggest
news right now this is the biggest news
this PC right this PC it's going it's
going
this this is going okay this PC is going
I'm currently working with Corsair and
MSI now I know you probably thinking yes
this is a custom PC I've built it myself
no no no no no a custom PC a guy is
coming down right and we are literally
gonna be designing everything from the
actual case on the computer like
engraving my logo into it and all of the
cable management inside it's gonna be
all color combo so uh so I'm not
necessarily gonna be building this thing
I'm gonna be building with someone else
but it's gonna be all custom and
hopefully fingers crossed
we're gonna livestream it so all of our
I literally can't wait and then once
that series is done we'll move on to the
next serieses and then just normal
videos on the main channel like the pure
box openings and nearly idea that you
guys get the gist by absolutely just
absolutely hate having boxes just sat
here on open and just like say hey with
products as I don't opens always thought
I'm just gonna get these things out the
bottom right now so this is a little
MiFi thing this is what's gonna send out
the Wi-Fi in in the car this is what's
gonna you know give internet to to get
all alexa over here so you put a battery
in this plug it in there and then i'm
just gonna plug it into the keyboard to
start charging it like I really do just
hope this thing will be powered off of a
car's USB port otherwise this whole plan
just isn't gonna work if I can power it
off this really really really cheap
portable battery then it should work off
a car hopefully your Amazon echo dot is
ready for setup just follow the
instructions in your Alexa oh well right
I'm super mad that all of that works now
back in the gym got a stay motivated
stay clean
how grim is a she no it's been a decent
workout when you can literally stick
your hair up with the sweat that's so
grim right as you guys know I've been
having like major trouble with my
sleeping schedule it's currently like
half past 10:00 in the evening gonna
have a shower do some reading then get
straight into bed and try try to get my
eyes closed before like one o'clock
instead of something ridiculous like 6
a.m. it's honestly so horrible being jet
lives I've never felt like this badly
jet-lagged before it's a real thing
honestly jet lag isn't a high I feel
awful
anyway guys might as well likes you guys
have been awesome I can't wait just all
that stuff in the car and finished of
this series and all the main stuff of
the main channel I'm gonna make 2017
really cool anyway guys miles likes this
been a vlog see you in tomorrow's body
in the next one
