yeah I think I've got one first on the
presidential like barring go how we all
doing my name is of course a lying
welcome back to another i JS video just
gonna give this lens quick wipe-down
so guys toby was here last night we sat
here a dominoes what's the letter
youtube it had a massive massive catched
up and also played a few games a league
well here's the thing our repose went to
bed really late probably about 4 a.m.
now ee ee this usually goes to bed
around 1 a.m. the reason which but at
4:00 a.m. was because i messed up at the
moment now going to Vegas was absolutely
fine there was no jet lag at all but now
comes back into the UK this jet lag is
killing me my my sleep schedule my sleep
pattern it's absolutely messed up I went
about four M I'm going to put 2 p.m. I
got up literally 10 minutes ago
now I'm usually really really really
anal about getting up in the morning
lights guilt I like to make the most of
the daylight
especially when it's getting dark around
4 or 5 p.m. now come on someone I'm
waiting for you
ah here we go
right okay this is come all over America
I've never felt a coffee because I want
to try to enjoy this with you guys as
much as I can so I live in the UK bit of
background as well now I live in the UK
right unless you've seen by the title of
the video what I think is inside of here
and I'm not hoping is inside appear
undamaged unusable is a set of snapchat
spectacles now you can't get these in
the UK you can't get leaving the UK we
all know this you think you can't get
them really anywhere I mean it's not
drop these vending machines has been won
on like this it's been one unlike some
famous beach there's been one in the
Grand Canyon it was one in New York
which is where these ones are from which
it was even from looking there's too
much detail as to how are the qualities
you guys have knows that I have got them
and they out here and they I'll tell you
they are from the New York one from the
New York snapchat drop so okay let's
just cool it all you guys know how about
them now you guys know wise where
they're from so let's just get straight
into this and these are not like lending
these like these are mine to keep and
use for well forever I'm hoping if they
work and the led troubles all the way
from America so there we go look at that
I've even got the original receipt which
I asked for we're not when I bought them
so here we go let's have a look at these
right now and I can't believe it I can't
believe it look look that's amazing made
for iPhone not evening that I'm doing
just fine
I'm sure you can come on I'm sure you
can use of Android anyway this is cookie
doesn't currently enjoy hope
this is Susan experienced guys are you
really really really enjoying this I
can't wait to try these out is with blow
this log is going to be like primarily
based around these goggles so let's take
a is more of just a chill blog where
we're going to check out it's not just
been school taking the lit up oh here we
go here we go one go here we go we go I
fit
we're coming like a little weird a skate
which is really weird and rubbery what
the hell how do you think got the
charging there's like a little tab there
but I'm sure somewhere you open I think
you open them here oh there we go
look at that okay I've been told that
the actual charges charge these
electrical things up in the case you
actually set the glasses down down in
the case like that and then and then
they start charging just then charging
right now I have got some juices right
we'll just test it out oh my god I've
got some natural spectacles on a little
no way right here's the instructions
tell me your phone's Bluetooth and put
on your spectacles
so I've done this wrong I put the
spectacles on first where's my phone
here it is here it is here it is there
it is
okay we're going to do this together
visit it together we could do this
together okay Lucy
okay searching for boots is searching
the blue to instill the latest version
of snap can open and swipe down on the
snapchat code so I'm going to do some a
personal account there's my snap code
look at your snap code and press the
button on your spectacles want to pair
where's the button set cause they're
right okay I'm a trending this with you
guys and look at the snap code and
pressed wood no way how did he do that
that quickly
connecting spectacle bound spectacles
mr. Brewster spectacles no way continue
connecting spectacles this might take a
minute lady wait for the special
painting etc list below this may take a
minute
okay I'm going to wait for this now why
should give us a go then I've got my
phone here it's on the normal snapchat
between I don't you know what to do I'm
just going to just gonna press this
button is that what's he doing now what
is it doing is it's very clean round
what's going on always circling round
doesn't see much love in my phone I
think is a nice radius boundaries
they've included a braided cable look at
that okay a mere put this case aren't a
charge right now about half an hour
never really know what to think really
where me let me press it right and I'll
show you guys what it looks like to
block if I do this I can hopefully put
this footage in the vlogs I'm recording
today so this is what's magical I hope
it is worth and I think if I press it
again it extends it for another 10
second then now it's carrying on record
I could literally do a vlog on the
snapchat spectacles if I want to and
then what I do if you go onto your phone
right and go into this bit as you can
see there's like a line going round here
and this is it actually live importing
what you just recorded whilst it is
important here you can actually click on
get HD now I haven't tried that yet but
I'm probably going to do that for the
vlog what it does is it turns on the
Wi-Fi and turns off the Bluetooth and
then it connects to your phone via Wi-Fi
and transfers over all of the snapchats
in HD over Wi-Fi see your phone and I
think if I press it again it extends it
for another 10 seconds but now it's
carrying on record I don't even know how
you
oh it's not a microUSB if this thing
than magnets onto there like that
and then that just plugs into a USB then
it like flashes on the side telling you
that it's charging and if I double tap
with my finger on the side of the
glasses it should hopefully tell you how
much batteries in there
and if that works or not your mission
meant to do that with the glasses off so
I can actually see how much batteries in
it there you go it's working now
there you go guys that was a little
montage I just recorded on all the
snapchat spectacles here they are right
and the two ways of importing them onto
your phone a bit I've been putting
things on my store in stuff all day -
everybody knows I've got them now and
the main question is how do you actually
get the snap from the glasses to let
people to use snapchat story into your
friends so let me try and show me now to
the surgical here if I just put them on
they're always turned off like they're
always in standby so to record a video
there's a button on the top of it you
can also tap it twice to get your
battery percentage which isn't working
right there you go that's part of the
batch of sensations which you can see
it's got a ring around it but to
activate that all you do is you press
the button now it takes a second to turn
on and then when it starts circling
around now that in recording now it's
going to record ten seconds you can
click it down again to extend it to do
another ten seconds and then as you can
see the light will go off then it will
start recording mashing ten seconds over
now how does that get the phone well
it's all automatic and all done in the
memories bit of your phone will be
snapchat so as you can see here this is
the normal snapchat camera and then you
swipe up there's a little bit in the
memories called specs and as you can see
this is far going round here there's
like a bar going round here this is
actually just importing that last snap
right like those asset importing it and
then was imported you click on it
swipe up and then he can literally swipe
through the entire days worth of your
story and then it'll start to play which
should be the snapchat I just recorded
there you go and then you can send it
put it on your story send it to people
you can edit it and draw things on it
right as a little tutorial about how
these connect with your phone and how
you can send them to be
funny story so there you go I'll be
asleep happen for the day I've been
messing about with him for the full day
the battery has like gone down half deaf
but I charge them fully I've been using
them non-stop batteries now gone down
half but I have been absolutely
hammering them they're so cool but
they're just a gimmick but they're so
cool after the office I need to record
some text or videos it's back to work
time free arrived at the office I'm
super super super super hungry however
we've got well to text mode videos to
shoot I've got to film the one about all
of the networking stuff that I've been
doing for the last like two three weeks
and I've also got to film one that I
should at CES to the company called here
the company that sent me to Vegas and
see yep about the video system is pretty
pretty pretty cool Jeb's arriving
through this room was a mess all tidy
now all the videos all finished yet
somewhere somewhere in the kitchen we're
going to start editing these videos
tomorrow to videos to edit try and go
big go large on the production of the
ball bit and try and produce loads of
content right tell y'all one thing out
notes it is a try to record something
with the spectacles and well I put them
on and then press the button and then I
get a red light on the inside of the
spectacles and a little white light on
the out I think that means the battery's
dead
Oh God
