good morning guys how are y'all doing
wait a minute there we go good morning
guys how are y'all doing my name is of
course I like just letting you know
quickly Coffee is going to be a big part
of the daily routine today I'm
jet-lagged go take me a few days to get
over this I'm feeling absolutely
dreadful today we need to be optimistic
right crept check do you got your craps
on me Oh check look at these crocotta
though I've got my shoes about 10 years
but I do like them so it's Tuesday today
the day that Jules and I set aside to go
ahead and chill together we haven't seen
each other since 2016 really over to up
in a way as you guys know well today out
of all the other days is a little bit
different than usual because well you
guys will find out when you this is a
bit of a sad moment really I'm sort of
giving away my car for a bit I think I
told you guys today was going to revolve
around coffee how'd you do this the guys
this is my new car BMW m4 GTS we've got
3.8 seconds to 60 155 miles an hour top
speed 500 brake horsepower
look at that guys you like it I am
joking by the way if I could afford that
I don't know what I'd say that's not my
cup but like a matte gray wrap on it
with a spoiler on my days however I am
getting a new car for now I'm aware I
think I am I don't think I'm gonna be
driving away in this anymore I don't
think I'm gonna be leaving this here oh
I'll do just love the minis they're so
cool right let's gonna see what the guys
gonna give me how what's going down so
this is this is my new claw look at it
it's Emmanuel is Emmanuel I feel ready
low down a lot smaller it is a lot
smaller ice is so fun I got a little
manual don't know how to drive a manual
right okay let's see if this sounds the
same as Jesse to be or not when I
started three two one oh yeah I sleep on
clutch don't you oh I don't like this I
don't like it drew me to drive I'll do
it right this sport that's wrong
I haven't driven a manual in a long time
so I've kind of forgotten how to do it
so I kinda need to concentrate on this
you remember up to joy I can't really
make driving it automatic is so much
easier than their hi how you doing
yes not bad thank you though go guys
there's the new whip I'm gonna leave it
parked there for today George you
feeling cheeky maybe a little bit too
big to Berlin cheeky right so apparently
there's this thing in Nando's right and
not many people know this hold
right and it's the people
like indoor standouts right I come to
Nando's every week with Jordan where's
my black card look this is my Nando's
I'm having I'm totally trying to show
you guys you have the sunset Berg and
Perry chips and garlic bread
jaws what you got
right J and it's so quite something
quite serious because a lot of people in
the comment section a lot of people in
real life are starting to tell me this
right start to get my nerves a bit right
I call you G yeah
right but your name is Jordan so that's
a J Sibylla watch why don't you call MJ
why'd you call them G but you call me G
Ike will you juice we just call each
other G let's don't start with it G does
it yeah Alec start we should call me a
mate
so yeah whose call each other it it's
not like a name thing it's just hey hey
did not bad juju tell you Gigi just miss
into our pool got on his screen text on
my phone I've got the Belkin one and he
got like a lifetime warranty with it my
spirit it was scratched up really bad so
they put a new one on I'm afraid pretty
cool JC
Coffee consumed that was my third coffee
of the day and I think coffee is keep
D'Amico
- another coffee I will be asleep the
new whip is here here we go right
there's no cars around really today it's
like kind of dark now so what I thought
I'd do is show you guys around the new
whip obviously it's the same car as what
I've already got just not a John Cooper
Works version it's got four doors it's
got a massive boot and it's a mini
cooper black manual petrol this is what
I'm driving until Friday when my car
comes out of repair
hopefully my car when it comes out of
repair will be repaired and working and
I've been if I told you guys actually
what was wrong with my car and white
sheet in front pretty much they give me
a phone call like before Christmas and
said that they used an inferior metal in
the Pistons when they made the car and
they recall bit so they made my car the
metal that they thought in the Pistons
that they thought wasn't good enough for
their still did it anyway
I'm a little bit annoyed really so this
is my courtesy car for well until Friday
why is that right guys just drop jordan
off home quick stop up the office done
my emails I'm gonna open this I've gotta
live my posters outside but this one
intrigues me the most is it a big bag so
let's just run companies over Christmas
like forget who they were but some
company said they were going to send me
some presents and I haven't got any
presents so it's not I'm disappointed
but like this looks like a present
doesn't it
oh wow look at this take a look at what
I'm seeing right now whoa whoa whoa whoa
oh oh wow guys wait a minute you can't
see it look it has my logo on it
Oh guys check me out what else is in the
box
the cables it has USB I'm assuming to
connect to computer it has phone
cable USB into the hub mother boys yeah
the best about now check this out I
forgot to charge my wireless mouse
didn't I over to the Edit station then
whoa check that out I've all plugged it
I've gone plug in an Earl it took but
Windows just isn't detecting them at all
there's any batteries or something oh no
way
no way are they wireless do you plug
this in the computer in there wait a
minute is it even need the cable in the
wireless the wireless aren't they of
course they are of course they are so
that goes back on there and these are
just they just don't need a cable what
am I thinking
and then that plugs in no way this works
we annoying they're just jealous cuz the
gap glove are you yeah I've got a hard
one you don't want a problem if this map
yeah I think I got one amazing Logitech
thank you for the Christmas present your
legends so this is it this is this is
the whip but let me show you around it
lots of nice little rooms there looking
pretty pretty sweet it's pretty much
just the car but I've already got except
it's not a John Cooper Works it's a 1.6
it's got four doors and it's got one
little exhaust pipe rather than two big
exhaust pipes it in in the middle of it
which is yes yeah that's it this is my
new car until Friday and it's a manual
as well it seems like I've had the JCW
forever which isn't automatic that is a
manual and I'm finding it quite hard to
drive it right guys it's been about ten
or twelve days since I've well spoken
Toby or hung around with Toby I didn't
video any of it obviously because I
haven't seen him in like ten or twelve
days he's like the best mate so I
thought we just like spend some time
together a bit of catch-up touch with us
go and I know what we're gonna do it I
was them all about Vegas and CES and he
was telling me all about what he's been
doing but yeah room is an absolute tip
this evening absolute tip I need to sort
this out tomorrow still haven't even
properly unpacked yet hopefully I can
get a reasonable time getting selected
we've got another vlog for tomorrow guys
but for now anyway might as well Alex
you guys been awesome guys tails keep
smiling I'll catch you in
yes
