falling guys I'm not hundred percent
sure what's going to London today
there's no tubes running there's must
cute here this is crazy I'm just trying
to get my train home and it's taking me
like out we're in an uber to get across
London probably cost me about five
hundred quid
I just wanna shower Betsy what are you
doing Betty Betty where is my coat it
makes it felt so good to be home so so
good right food get unpacked guys okay
I'm just just come upstairs just finish
my food I was literally just about to
start unpacking bitch oh my stuffing and
by the way this thing's arrived and I'm
sure what's in there Oh got my well I've
got my hospital gown on as you guys like
to call it in the comments section yes I
know it's not gone it's an actual nice
shirt thank you anyway guys besides the
point I'm so so so so happy so happy to
be back
hey Alexa set relaxing there we go yes
so so so so happy to be back I'm an
absolute sucker absolute sucker for
comfort zones and this in my office is
my comfort zone I love being at home
however please don't get me wrong that's
not me saying that I didn't enjoy Vegas
out of agus was one of the best holidays
I have ever had I've loved it every
second of it CES was absolutely awesome
right this is arrived I know exactly
what this is I'm gonna take this to the
office don't forget my phone I need to
get a few more things first
I feel so weak I walked into the office
to set up this shot and as I walked into
the office this thing scared the living
daylights me so many suggestions as to
what to do with this you guys said I
what you do is like drill a hole in your
wooden desk at home and then and then
put like a Filip you plop it in the desk
and then put this over the top of it
right so let's just talk a little bit
about videos we've been away for five
days no fine but obviously the second
and it's now than nine third fourth
fifth sixth seventh eighth ninth went
away for seven days when where for a
week and it's been the fastest of 2017
the first this week I've had in a long
time we're busy doing things every day
moving hotels seeing the CES advancing
Las Vegas by the way I'd then if it came
across in the vlogs but Vegas was
incredible and I want to go ahead and
apologize for whoever was in might be
you know Jackie like a lot of you like
who is he and I liked why doesn't he
speak and what who is he to put it play
the simple he's a friend of mine who
helps me with YouTube and stuff and he
wanted to come with me on the trip and I
wanted him to come with me on the trip
who's my first time to Vegas and I'm a
little bit skeptical and he's 21 years
old so he knows what he's doing I think
Jack do you know what you're doing and
again I want to apologize for well in
some parts like I don't know not sieving
myself and then seeming a bit tired
that was because well I put a tweet out
earlier letting you guys know that I was
on my way back and you guys were all on
Twitter just like I think she's coming
back already you've only been there like
seven days it would take me like seven
days to get over the jet light and let
that work probably didn't see myself and
videos no felt a bit dead because I'm so
tired the jet like killed me it's
killing me today too I am just
absolutely shattered my shower and I've
had a coffee hopefully it's gonna help
me out a little bit
the air no to answer your questions I am
absolutely shattered absolutely like Oh
Phil I feel almost a bit sick that's
wicked look it's me with a gremlin on my
shoulder and then I saw this so I'm so
happy with that
really I've got my John belly and poster
up there and then if we go around there
I've got my portrait thing with the
gremlin looking super super sweet right
you just have a load of parcels I think
this is the one that I want to open
today
this is today's little present to be
fair guys I've actually got I've
actually got some really sad news I've
got on email two days ago and I was in
Vegas when I got the email obviously and
I didn't want I didn't want to I didn't
want to tell you guys in the vlog too I
didn't want to ruin the vlog by saying I
was in Vegas for God's sake I didn't
want to give you guys sad news in a
Vegas blog but yeah I've got this email
I got his email due today and it was
from the it was from the company that
that I was gonna go and see the new
apartment my new studio apartment that I
want to buy and they they pretty much
said someone's already bought it
someone bought it someone bought it well
I didn't necessarily want it I wanted to
see what I wanted to do was take you
guys round it and then let you guys know
or get what you guys thought about it
but no point anymore because someone's
bought it cry now because I really watch
it you guys are on the apartment but no
that's not happening anymore
SiC and it was literally the only
apartment that I would consider good
enough for a smarty pants as well like
was the only one in like where I'd want
to live this is even good enough so now
I'm gonna have to wait for another one
to come in the market and ah it would
have been so cool for 2017 to be a year
where I thought we could possibly kit
out an apartment like literally build an
apartment full of wicked tech now I'm
not saying that I can't happen still but
obviously I am now gonna have to wait
for wait for one to come on the market
because
one on the market then we comedy do you
much can we I know it has a bit of a
bummer but my everything there's nothing
you can do about it just got to be
optimistic and hope we'll just hope to
get that another really cool apartment
comes up also another thing sony tried
to call me today but they came up was an
unknown number and i don't answer
unknown phone calls they sent me a DM on
twitter said i'll actually tried to ring
you regarding a camera want to fix it
for you and didn't answer the phone call
and i'm telling you now this camera that
i'm using the sony a7s mark ii doesn't
have long left until it dies the lens
makes weird noises the microphone keeps
cutting out we've only got days left
before this thing comes out sweet guys
i'm all back at home now it's currently
uh look at the time it's like should be
asleep right now next to no sleep last
night on the plane i need to get some
saved guys still haven't unpacked yet I
don't have the energy to do it I think
I'll do it in the morning tomorrow I'm
starting up my gym routine and I'm also
going to pick up my new car right guys
I'm gonna end this thing here it gets
straight into bed - nice you guys been
awesome guys Dale's and keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog guys
I'm gonna end this thing here and get
straight into bed guys might Alex you
guys been awesome still some guys keep
smiling I'm really really tired I'll
catch you in tomorrow's vlog adios
Oh
