good morning guys how we are doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog I'm speaking kind
of quietly because the cleaners are all
judging me thank you very much thank you
just checked out our towel for the final
day here in Vegas our fight is at 4:00
p.m. is currently half past eleven we've
got a lift ride on the way got to go and
finish up looking around CES then jet
off to the airport and get myself this
will give me some free cookies and I'm
getting a phone call
so I finally found it I finally found it
this is the one place I wanted to come
and see in the whole of CES ubiquity
labs I'm here and I'm loving the police
a brand new camera and this is like the
head unit they've got little cameras and
stuff there's all other mesh access
points and stuff and the new cameras and
and this is ubiquitous like mesh
networking like wireless networking not
sure if that's available in the UK yet
but when it is I want to get my hands on
that as soon as possible so there we go
I literally went back to the expo to
pick up or see ubiquity narrow in a taxi
on the way to the airport yet again in a
rush
cheers mate thank you thank you very
much jairs survived at the airport
really really really really really early
but about two hours till we board the
plane reasonably that is because we
thought the airport was gonna be
absolutely packed due to CS but it just
wasn't there's absolutely no one here
all around so now waiting here for two
hours until the plane ride
I bought some cool stuff in the shop
though I want to see if this is any good
I bought this thing I don't think that's
- look at watch support no that's a
present for someone and they watched
these vlogs I bought this though this
could just be the headphone gadget that
everybody needs everyone this is so cool
if this works I'm literally just bought
this thing if this actually works I'm
gonna be kind of blown away I say
unboxing is one of those boxes that
you've got a rip to pieces to actually
get inside there we go this is the
little device this thing here focus to
produce what I think you do with this
thing is well it's just a little plastic
thing it was really inexpensive don't
want to see if it's any good that turn
on all right I'm gonna need some
headphones for this some wired
headphones so my daily drivers are usual
set of bose qc25 headphones that already
wireless but I do have a set of wired
headphones and I'm gonna pop these in my
ears right now all right if this works
I'm gonna be like blown away if this
thing was twenty dollars in the airport
I've just bought and then what it allows
you to do is to connect your phone to
this and essentially it makes any set of
headphones wireless I'm really skeptical
about this I don't know just can't work
oh no that's what I do I buy things so
then you guys don't have to I suppose
which they connected in a really nice
voice okay I'm gonna zoom in on my face
right and we're gonna use the facial
expression meter to see what you guys
think right volume on fault I'm gonna
click play ready look at my face
and to the dragon
everyone needs to try this thing it gets
my 100% recommendation what a buy that
was so this little thing I don't know he
was Senate recommend it I drop a link in
the description if you guys want to try
and purchase they obviously saying you'd
listen you would want to listen for
listening to and also I thought this was
like really cool as well in the new
iPhone it's never headphone jack they
solves your issues and does it
wirelessly ready
mozz bah
thank you
surprise is very very light in here
compared to the cabin in the am back in
Vegas it's about
England will grow back in England
I'm gonna try and get some sleep on this
flight is the thing that right the
flights are like nine
this fly which is to be sort of a blog
of today when I get back into England
Ament me editing this vlog and recording
Monday's flaw but I'd still really
haven't done much for this book because
I've been on a plane that
that is how many hours we do not you
know to attend to
about sanitation god they're like it
okay it's about 20 to 11 in the morning
right now English time there's nothing
you guys never ride back safe in England
I think the best thing to do would be to
end this vlog here start a new one for
today so Tiffany how guys might as
Malik's you guys know of some I'm
retired and I'll see you in today's
video
