close come on please close please close
please thank you come on in guys that
money is of course Alex the moon
question the other a jumper I like it
there's people coming in well it must
have brush all the hair people
apparently waiting when we down here
literally down this corridor we're late
am I in trouble i Malay so the guys here
they brushed me off quick this morning
apart they were getting on a bus to go
somewhere really cool I'm not really a
hundred percent sure what's going on
like most of my life I never really know
what's going on so let's just experience
this together hello good morning how are
you
I think we're on a helicopter I think
considering we're getting on a bus with
helicopters all over it's something to
do with the Grand Canyon so all the
helicopters are out there I've just
signed in here and stood on this little
thing and it swayed me and now we're
looking at a safety video so when we
were in the Ober helicopter there was no
safety video which got straight on see
where that wasn't it wasn't a safety
video so safety briefing has now been
completed there's loads of people in
this room but there's only obviously
like five or six people in each
helicopter these are the helicopters
there you go these are all there is a
lot sure we're gonna be in but it's like
I think of 45-minute journey
let's do this
so this is I'm now in the middle of the
grand divisions the helicopter we took
down here this is the Grand Canyon's so
this right here where I am right now an
apology that happened on my hair today I
literally woke up edited yesterday's
like half of it then how rushed on the
bus let me said it in the blog of the
bus lots the helicopter places going
helicopter flew to the Grand Canyon
which am right now and I just scraped my
leg on this bush and it now really hurts
I've got little thorns in me oh no fun
fact I was actually just talking to the
pilot of of my helicopter and he said
that like a month ago
they bought snapchat spectacles
somewhere down they know the spectacles
that snapshot spectacle vending machine
thing they bought it to just down there
and it was there for like a day and then
like all the pilots said they were gonna
come and like buy lows and then put them
all on eBay and I make youtube all those
and sold them but the helicopter bases
out how to boss them really want some
spectacles so yeah this is the Grand
Canyon take a look at it it's absolutely
phenomenal and the helicopter ride out
here
was the most amazing thing I've seen
since morg Hudson's channel there we go
these guys are those taken off and we're
going back to the chopper having Sophie
amazing tour of the Grand Canyon this
morning thank you to here for sending us
here and doing the tour for us right
bye-bye hotel room it's time to go home
who are guys just arrives at the
airports checking in now to the flight
this is a fancy-looking airport look at
this no I'm gonna joke in we're not
heading back home just yet we just
checked into our last and final hotel
room yesterday three hotel rooms
including this one that we've stayed
throughout our trip in Vegas we're
staying in here tonight it is the final
day of CES we've got about three hours
left of the events that we're gonna go
down make the most of that cheers man
for the left you see what's inside BMW
it's an automated ninebot look at it
ninebot mini now the one special thing
to kind of tie this all together is the
mobile app that's for Android iOS the
regular smart plugs are and here is
raises brand new laptop this thing is
like the triple screen thing that's just
not going to be out for a long long long
time this is amazing to each one of the
screens on this laptop is 4k Wow hah is
amazing check it out RGB Bakula it's not
Cherokee I wish it was Cherokees so yeah
you could trap a bear RGB back of a
keyboard 4k screens three of them it's
not out yet though no yeah how is this
power
yeah look how thin it is that's amazing
present really now have to show off
don't they that's incredible and this is
the little baby laptop I think it is
really cool
yeah he's literally like a MacBook
MacBook ripoff but like Windows and
probably a lot better just had like a
private tour with tp-link people as well
that was wicked and razor rays are doing
big thing okay so here you've got BMW
iPhone cases Ferrari iPhone cases these
oh really
guys look at this moleskin case for the
iPhone how nice is that this is my old
one and then this is like the new
moleskin case that I just found that's
absolutely gorgeous
so unfortunately I've spent long at the
event today because the helices were out
this morning where speak to a few people
saw that awesome razor a laptop I think
using the whole of them so we've just
quickly come back to the here booth just
to say bye to all the people that invite
us down here it is like it's all closed
down now no one in here massive thanks
to here for sending us here to see yes
how do you get in to the restaurant what
it's likely confused as to how you get
into this restaurant that was booked as
into Jack any ideas
there we always kind of calmed down a
little bit now our ago
live musics been aged people have left
we kind of haven't finished our food
because there was so much I'm not saying
this in a bad way at all
but Americans eat so much at the
portions are massive I couldn't finish
this stuff Ju - thank you very much good
luck for the marriage and everything
dude
so that is it final day of CES over well
I say final day the event is still on
tomorrow so I'm gonna go back in the
morning I've only got the morning
because tomorrow afternoon evening this
time were flying back it's gonna be much
easier fly back home than it was here on
the way here we had a layover on the way
back just going straight back to London
but apparently there's a tube strike on
in London so that's that's gonna be fun
brilliant and then need to book a train
as well to get from London back home
I've got people so much definitely so
tired by the time I get back home
tomorrow no Monday but CES yeah it's
been totally worth there if I can come
next year old 100% do so and a massive
thank you again to here but bringing us
down to CES it's been amazing I've loved
every second of it and seeing all the
products that have just been released
and LG's all LG's new stuff and that new
razor laptop that we saw today having to
Chapel the tea peeling people having a
chat with this Cisco people yesterday
really really amazing the event is so
much better than I ever thought it would
be you know what I thought it was good
no it's not it's ten times better it's
an amazing anyway guys might as well you
guys been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
video oh yes
Oh
