morning guys area during my name it's of
course I like some welcome back to
another day vlog was my first day first
day going to CES got my backpack on
let's go in a stream
falling leaves the Sycamore mu lied and
well legitimately here yeah we are we
are we have arrived I don't see yes this
is amazing massive thanks to here for
bringing me out here I'm here I see yes
thanks to here okay you guys get the
point now guys check this out to the
floor in this room right is reacting to
me walking around it like moves out of
the way that's amazing
so just finished up at the here very for
this morning I've recorded a video for
them which is will here with the people
that have sent me here to CES I've
recorded the video for them now I
finally get to go inside and experience
what it's actually like to be inside CES
this is gonna be cool
and here we go mate this is it
si yes si es Wow look at all of the
nerds I've literally been in the event
10 15 minutes he's so busy I was
watching the DJI Maverick now playing
through here
guys check this out
and this TV is made of wallpaper
literally crazy
and check out all these little
projectors though they smell like tiny
little ones I want to do 720p and these
ones can go all the way up to 1080 this
will be really cool these will be really
cool to try and install somewhere I
don't even want room with these three
screens something like this in the
ultimate live streaming room or even
finishing off the room at home redoing
the ultimate gaming set so yellow one of
these projectors and have it instead of
a TV
so LG and now offering me a guided tour
around the moon with the proper guy with
us this is absolutely incredible
this is no
oh my
161 TVs in here which make up this whole
entire display and it's also got Dolby
Atmos surround sound but
I need one of these TVs man so I've been
giving like VIP access this like sound
room we're going an experienced Dolby
Atmos sound in here suite just skip the
queue so this is a 4k blu-ray player
attached to a 4k there's no rear
speakers it sounded like surrounds this
is a la mode
that's a vacuum cleaner and then this
cleans the floor in airports there we go
I've been giving it I've been giving it
given a gift by LG what are these then
that is the new the new 2017 bluetooth
speaker
Wow look at that's amazing
so this is all slightly mental boys it
Jack he's totally out of it so just had
a tour of the LG booth and now I'm just
set on as well I was sat on this bench
with the representative of LG such a
lovely girl and she's given me one -
your bluetooth speakers brand-new ones
2017 I think they're even out yet and in
this nice bag and they've also said that
one of might give me some stuff for the
rooms that we do ends up at the moment
so that is stuff like my bedroom and the
new live streaming rig in the office
here is the new DJI phantom
spire - I had the one I want to get the
two this one looks amazing
well he's happy that is actually a thing
that's actually a thing I want one of
them now this is a drone that you can
sit inside you can sit inside this thing
what so right behind me I found the DJI
inspire - I really want one of these
things so bad check this out
I really really want one of them so guys
today at CES has been totally amazing
I've absolutely loved it bringing you
guys like well I think kind of an
experience because most this morning
I've been like working with here the
company that sent me here yeah that name
is so ridiculous I'm just like every
time they say who sent you here to see
yes I'm right here and I like what I
don't know the company is called here to
send me I so it's so hard to explain but
anyway I know a lot of you people that
can't go to CES which is a fair few of
you I haven't been able to go before
this before you like I don't know you've
got about I don't know how you get in
normally like the people that do call
this type of you is it but they all do
like the videos on like in like the
hotel rooms or the companies like
lighting VIP bits I wanna I want to
bring you guys what it's actually like
just what it's like to be on on the show
floor and honestly it's so busy so so
busy like ridiculously busy that busy
the people are pushing you about it's
just like sometimes on some places it's
not nice just because it is you know
just so-so god dumb so goddamn freak you
busy right this is my little of boxing
table right now I've got so this well
not censor LV game for this after they
give me a tour around the boot and let's
see what they've got inside I also
stopped by the energizer booth they gave
me this they give it as portable power
banks which can apparently jumpstart
your car and it can charge your phone
and your tablet and stuff so that's
really cool probably gonna keep that in
the car for an emergency that is a very
sweet as welcome to the car chardee idea
that's really really really really cool
I'm very happy with that thanks
energizer right what did LG send me by
the way guys I've got some really cool
things plan with LG I had a massive
meeting with in this afternoon but got
some massive things planned
amazing I kind of wish one I want one
box first I kind of want to unbox this
this one because I've got like a big
Bluetooth speaker here this is the liver
tone to which I don't really like that
much but LG said you know what Alex
here's some stuff for you so you can
take this oh wow
Oh connect to the new batboy and it has
a light button there you can turn the
light off turn the light on
oh it flashed so that's it without the
base button and then you press the
Facebook let's just pause that quickly
Jax come up with a delivery of pizza
we're having pizza now because we're
just super hungry we're actually gonna
have for like a really really really
nice meal later on this evening with the
company that sent us down here here
sweet now we're on the way to this meal
which here the company setting is that
the centers here have organized and I've
just realized there's a huge dawned on
me that it's at the Bellagio that the
really famous the really famous hotel
with the big fat fountains the meal is
is there
I manage realized this is Picasso's
restaurant that was one of the best
meals I've ever had in my entire life
kind of is slightly a little bit
phenomenal oh by the way this restaurant
they weren't again I saw like odd thing
oh thank you finally back in yes and as
I left the most expensive restaurant
over Las Vegas they gave me this Picasso
thing watch inside I haven't checked yet
oh look at that
I got two miniature little what if not
are they guys you know what
today his absolutely killed my little
body
I'm not kid I'm shattered right now what
is the time
I've got awesome day planned tomorrow
I'm just a cool stuff tomorrow
really cool stuff I'd like to tell you
what they you'll have to work the blog's
tomorrow but guys for now - mykes you
guys been awesome stay also keep smiling
dab dab dab
see you in tomorrow's vlog I love your
faces
