this is the last time I'm going to see
this view because we're moving out of
this hotel today we are leaving we're
currently just catching up on the
syndicate central vlog and we now need
to pack all the stuff up because we're
all leaving calling guys however my name
is of course Alex and today it's seeing
all the first day of CES we're not
really 100% sure what's going on just
yet but we know that we've got to move
hotels so that is the first order of
business for today you have to check out
of the hotel room on the TV I'll leave
that there
pack up the stuff ten minutes we need to
be out of this joint
it's got to our brand new hotel
fortunately we can't check in just yet
because we're like an hour early sun is
shining today this is the pool for the
hotel unfortunately it's closed
there's like chaos things with like TVs
in and Wow
so knowing that the pool is closed oh
man whoa this hotel is mad right scan
room key look at this hotel
this is just like the elevator bit what
floor are we on mate
here we go I guess I've seen the thing
downstairs when a lot of famous people
stay in this hotel like Ellen DeGeneres
of people like that that were saying
those are just like mental mentally
famous people of the verb in staying is
now that can obviously add me to the
list whoa whoa that's the what oh my God
look at that TV Jesus is nothing is if
you're gonna be a painting or not
this is our new hotel room I'll give you
guys a quick tour it's really really
really cool so you've got some awesome
artwork there on the bathroom door and
then you can pull this too to close it
in and as there's me look in there
looking like and giving you guys a tour
of my hotel room which I exactly am here
is the bathroom looking sweet as it
10011 that one there we go we've got a
few mirrors we've got like a glass
shower but a toilet for hand and there's
like LEDs in there in there and you can
turn it off and on and then well here's
all the stuff right you can get I didn't
realize that it's actually precious
understood so if you go and pick it up
they charge you for it and I just came
in and I was like oh what are these are
these are these nuts what the hell are
these pick them up - yeah that's cool
I'm sick in here little alcohol can't
drink that
and then massive 65-inch TV here crazy
big and then got all the stuff set up
and all the things that up and then
there's me in this massive mirror which
is crazy is like an infinite miracle
there's one on that side as well and
then you can turn this little light off
you're only three to one
yeah pretty sweet and then just a pretty
standard ass for you here CES is
actually on right now but I'm not
allowed in the event today didn't let
you guys know this I'm actually here
with a company called here
funnily enough the company's is called
here and yeah so I commonly go to the
event today I'm gonna be going there
tomorrow
look at this oh this is the world's
highest calorie burger it has almost
10,000 calories in it five mental of all
the people inside a dressed up in like
as if they're going to hospital up there
it's called the Heart Attack Grill so
when you go in you have to put on like
an eight print like as if you're going
to hospital it's crazy and if you're
over 350 pounds you eat for free
and you get yourself weighed in there
okay so from up there there's a zip line
which travels all the way down this
strip here you can let you go from here
like all the way down the middle of it
they've given junkies pizza unlike a big
plate what you want to do it up
I've just been looks at time with a
stratosphere to see if I can go on the
ride but that all closed I really want
to go on the right ball these are cool
they look at all this like look at these
are crazy
guys right I'm not gonna say I'm not
gonna hold any promises right now but
I've just got back to the hotel room
it's like 8 p.m.
had a fairly boring day to be fair we're
not really done much going to see us
tomorrow but uber have just uber have
just invented this thing right only for
Las Vegas where you can get a free ride
in a helicopter right so I've just done
this right now on my phone check this
out
right this guy he's 15 minutes away
coming to pick me up right now and as
you can see right now down there it says
it says chopper he's like sure gonna
pick me up to take us to a helipad get a
tour of the strip I don't even know
what's gonna happen I don't know what's
going to happen is that 20 minutes away
earlier now 16 minutes away I think I'm
gonna be taking a ride this evening in
an helicopter by uber what you're saying
the reason this is so exciting is
because it is just so spontaneous like
if i zoom in that is a helicopter right
there right and then I'm over here is 12
minutes away the timer is going down I
thought if this is a gimmick or if I
should believe this on are suppose who's
gonna find out aren't we yeah that's a
Alexander Brooks all right why it's
actually happening I can't quite believe
this Jack what's going on me dumps
everywhere alright guys I tell you what
right if in 10 minutes I'm in a cab on
the way to the helicopter the uber
helicopter can we smash 15,000 likes on
the video if this is legit can we smash
15k lights I've never had that on a
video but I actually have but not on the
vlogs in a while
could we smash that if this isn't haven
note let's go and check out what's going
on over here I I don't he's five minutes
away now five the fact that they thought
they phoned me as well and asked for my
like how how much I weigh is it real
you're getting ready you're put on me
you're hunter three minutes away the
helicopter is currently on top of the
hotel right now
music oh we to go I'm going we'll go and
take in the GoPro as well look the car
you got the key beep want anybody wallet
keys what
you know you know my rock on your right
you know I'm alright
Oh No right I'm literally about to go in
a helicopter right now on a horse going
down
thanks to Ober this dyslexic elec it's
so quickly John that's me dude enjoy
guys come on hugs Alex hello nice to
meet here and Jack for you too from
England England alright how's the
convention going so far
so this is what happens when you've gone
over and you order an uber helicopter
there you go boy let's go boys
you get all the Java this is madam I
can't lay there like a bandit I wish I
might already
of an hour ago
actually happening
the uber
Oh
by travelpod member
Oh
Oh
Oh
laughs an hour ago I was literally sat
on my bed in my hotel room
what do you think of that it was
fantastic guys that was totally mad
absolutely mad I don't literally about
45 minutes ago I'll stop there on my bed
literally thinking what the hell am I
going to do for the rest of this vlog I
might do a Q&A because like today in
today was just like so boring and then
uber just like I'm going to click Google
Shopper and see what happens and then
half an hour later I'm in a helicopter
for free going over Vegas
uber thank you anyway guys jack is
currently in the shower I don't think
I've ever ended a vlog without a top on
I just I'm gonna get straight into bed
in a minute because again this this this
city is tiring me out a buddy at CES
tomorrow gotta get up at like 7:30 in
the mornings gonna have breakfast with
the people that have sent me down here
to CES a company called here and they do
Maps the cars like Volkswagen both balls
wagon and an Audi and different things
about that navasana mobile app and stuff
so anytime I'm meeting with them
tomorrow morning to put me Brett for
7:30 so I need to get up early guys
enjoy today's vlog can we smash 15,000
bikes
- bikes you guys know some salesmen keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
walk
Oh God
