guys how we doing my name is of course
I'll I talk about to another daily
birthday it's my first full day in Vegas
this is it this is Las Vegas this is
Marsha no it's not Las Vegas is actually
this is actually Paris if you guys knew
that I didn't actually fly to Vegas I've
gone to Paris I'm in Paris right now
yeah there's the Eiffel Tower just
standard pretty much on the strip here
at Vegas look at all the stars as well
for like all the people just on the
sidewalk you've got Elvis Presley here
over there you've got the Eiffel Tower
and then behind this tree here you've
got well the remake of the London Eye
just got everything in Vegas everything
you could possibly want a curved
elevator inside this shopping mall I'm
gonna go back to England with no money
left right this is a shopping it's
honestly mad like in England I get to
met a whole shopping center and I
absolutely love the thing and then I
come here and it's just like what is
meadow all competitive
just in the Apple store right now
no air no air pods at all nothing I'm
also trying to secretly film you're not
really meant to film in there
but I've been in here for far too long
now and I think I'm lost and I can't get
out but that's cool
this has been eye-opening for me a
little bit really cool
here we go this is the world-famous Bell
Iago water fountain show in Las Vegas
we've got me waiting for right now I
should be on like within ten ten minutes
it's right behind me there's all people
all the way down the strip waiting to
watch this
amazing
alright look at my mouth nothing yeah
and I think they hold a cookie and look
at my mouth let me show you one more
trick I shop for Michael at this and so
please you see it stop okay whatever you
want yeah
stop thank you you got it alright
alright sir can you shop for makeup
please you shop thank you sir
alright let me see your eyes please let
me see in your eyes okay I got it I got
it thank you
it's all sorry sir I have a problem
maybe you carries a record and Rome
babysat to a whore no okay your hand
okay you should not to a lot alright no
problem
- all right here bad would you another
hand on top pair for sir okay no to a
heart but maybe this one is two o'clock
now alright now prepare patients to our
club steer easier yeah right but I need
this one to a whore here thank you
to a whore now is here and maybe this
one sarissa a - space house crazy sweets
have you seen it back to the hotel room
literally to pick up the GoPro but a
meal at the stratosphere which is like
the tallest building in the whole in a
hole of in the whole of Vegas and it
like rotates round whilst you're having
your meal and then there's rides on the
top of it you can bunch them and do
Brides on the top of the stratosphere so
I'm gonna try and do that but before
that I'm going to a shooting range and
I'm literally meant to be there now
alright let's go
so go for a meal up there tonight but
first we're about half an hour late this
is the strip gun club Wow look at the
handles
you guys it doesn't equal 44 all right
it's a pretty powerful gun obviously
that's how you tell but for your first
time shooting is your brave man
so it's got a rotating bolt all right so
when it kicks back in the kickback kind
of rotate animal but these are the guns
that you see people on YouTube hit
himself to face right and push it in
there nice and tight wrap those three
fingers around about that yes all right
is all time completely extended and
locked out yeah feet about
shoulder-width apart if any of your
knees bend toward the hip and squeeze
that chicken
what now this to be bad yeah the right
all right
don't pop you off safe all right who's
nicest firing right
it's movable oh isn't it
damn good it's a pretty smooth gun it's
a 9-millimeter so the size of the round
that he just shot last time so once
again five rounds semi yeah restful Otto
and pull out of pull that trigger down
okay words cannot describe how mental
shooting that evil was that was just the
most incredible thing just because I
didn't think you'll be incredible and
now a male up there in the stratosphere
I've only been in Vegas one day one day
let's pin Anchorage
right so I'm in the stratosphere now
having some food the guy has taken my
microphone of my camera and my gorilla
clock
so I'm Richard is holding my lens with
my camera now to record this my internal
microphones are broken on my a7s and I'm
using a GoPro to actually record the
audio but look at this this is where I'm
eating right now how crazy is this view
right now absolutely crazy and this is
rotating the whole thing is rotating so
like by the time we've finished our meal
of which I'm probably gonna have a steak
we'll have seen the whole of Vegas it's
like slowly rotating
what did manage to get with some bullets
from the shooting range
so well they're asked which ones a wick
she told me at the time but I just
totally forgotten but yeah I'm gonna try
and take those home with me that's
that's pretty cool guys it got back to
the hotel room literally like hours ago
got over bed put my head down for
literally two minutes and I felt
straight asleep I'm so so so so tight
because today she's been like so
exhilarating doing all of the cool stuff
we've done it's like a little bit
groundbreaking shooting those guns
accommodate you guys how awesome it was
hopefully the video portrays that I
don't know honestly anyway guys
hopefully tomorrow will be just as
mental if not more mental than today so
I'll see you in tomorrow's video you've
enjoyed a like rating will be wicked yes
