realistically I need to start Monday off
with something fresh with something new
and with something different this is
long oh my gosh our is running I've just
noticed out here that there's a DPD girl
outside
she knows the code to the gate how she
got in how is she doing there guys let's
stop the DPD girl is it for me that's
probably a good thing I get far too many
parcels right guys I need a quick show
so you guys there we go my hair how's it
being cut I always find it a little bit
odd coming back on camera with a fresh
trim because sometimes I get my hair cut
a little bit shorter than usual so it
sort of grows into the style but when I
leave the barbershop it doesn't really
look the best so today I told him to cut
it how it's gonna look the best so
hopefully it looks the best hopefully
look good do look good does it no
probably no anyway guys how are we all
doing my name is of course Alex guys and
welcome back to another daily vlog guys
2018 it's a Monday we need to be
smashing it brand new week brand new
opportunities but to start that off guys
I have my friend Toby over last night
you guys know this I never really with
my insane work schedule get time to
really play any games whatsoever which
is which is really annoying because I
want to get back into gaming as you guys
know I've said this numerous times that
with my work schedule I joke with Han so
a while back it was quite religious my
friend Toby would come round every
Sunday you guys know this
we used to stream actually playing call
of duty when I was a lot smaller we just
play call of duty zombies order pizza
and we'd sit there and stream and it was
it was really good fun so I just can
stay on the desk we've got monitors
we've got head stands we've got numerous
mice and my entire room well I always
say this the work you crate is reflected
by the workspace that you create said
work in so let's tidy this thing
three guys we in here looking all tidy
Alexa Turner turn on the lights please
okay the desk is looking absolutely
sweet the room is tidy oh one more thing
today will be awesome I want to talk
today guys about one of my favorite
pieces of film and equipment and yes the
tripod is very very useful but that's
that's not what I'm talking about today
what I'm talking about today is
something I've had for a while and I
keep I keep it under my bed and it's in
this box here now guys essentially what
this thing is is a handheld gimbal it
has batteries in it which are in the
handle which you can charge up well guys
like this this is the best way for me to
explain it as you can see if I move out
the way this well I can move this left
right and center but the camera stays
really really really really steady right
then guys I want to try and do a little
cinematic off of my bedroom right
because tellingly we're not gonna be in
here for that much longer like we're
building the house it's almost ready so
there's this song that I found on
Spotify earlier let's roll that now and
start this
honestly guys I absolutely love this
thing if it wasn't so heavy I would I
would vlog with it every single day
because the fluid motion just makes
everything that next level there is
motion at your front door put a link to
that piece of kit guys in the
description that gimbal for your camera
be warm please it's not cheap but it's
really really cool motion with the front
door I think my friend is here haven't
seen yet since I've also gotten you know
what so unnecessary there live eternal
it's about those not only the mentally
insane
I was thinking of doing a whole wall of
the memory do be mental in it our lives
can revolver our music so Jays not
showing me a lot of tracks that he's
found over the last month and they're
they're really good
so the agent comes down on his board
he's got a brand new electric skateboard
it's not a boosted board it's not like
evolution board but apparently it's
mental and he wants me to get some drone
shots of it with my inspire I've arrived
bro on time looks sick
sir kites we've just arrived in the
office and yes I say we've Jed and I
have arrived at the office for one
reason and one reason only and that is
to focus on another channel that Jen and
I both saw co-owned my other channel my
tech channel tech flight we're doing a
video we want to record a video where
it's pretty much just a welcome to 2018
and the plans we have for that channel
because it's time to crack down on not
just the vlog channel this year but all
three of my channels and one of them
being tech flow I need to get Jed well I
need to knock him into gear on tech flow
which is actually my smallest channel
I've had over 44 million minutes watched
on that channel which is mental and that
is my smallest channel so we're thank
you guys for letting me live out my
dream I really really appreciate it but
for now and e-jet crazy fun yeah other
dude I will see you next Monday morning
at 9 a.m. 9 a-m earlier 8:30 see you
there mate
awesome guys finish tech flow with jet I
swear to god you guys are not gonna
believe what I am about to say you ready
for it once in your ages bro
so you guys know that Jordan and I used
to be like really good friends oh we're
still good friends but good friends are
meant to hang out all the time we used
to hang out all the time used to get to
Nando's do cool little projects it's
good fun Jordan then got a job and he
now doesn't have that job anymore so
didn't I have some work to do guys in
the office this evening Jed has now left
and Jordan has come round and we're just
gonna do something really fun because we
haven't done anything fun in ages with G
so what we do J you make you swing
I'm gonna bring you into the office
right now and show you how easy this is
to assemble and also don't try this at
home because it's kind of a little bit
dangerous so this is just some mobile
household rope which is just well you
just put it up here and what we do is we
bring this down into there like that you
know it's all this sort of good fun
working hard but if you don't play
rightly guys all back up from the office
building that swing in the office was
probably the most stupid but funny thing
I've done in the last week I kind of
really enjoyed that I've been grinding
really hard and seeing Jordan just
brought my funny side out I like that
swing it was fun is the only thing
that's lighting the shot up right now is
the Nano leaf you guys can see this
thing it's mental good it's so weird
it's literally mesmerizing but I really
hope you've enjoyed today's daily vlog
guys if you had a like rating would be
absolutely wicked but guys for now my
husband Alex you guys been awesome don't
worry cuz I'm gonna see you tomorrow for
another daily vlog guys
