good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is our course Alex welcome back
welcome back to the channel so I bought
tweet out yesterday letting you guys
know that I was packing for Vegas
jakie plug if you're not following me on
Twitter and I saw someone say Alex tell
us what you're taking on holiday with
you so you know what let's pack for
Vegas what am I gonna need how about a
portable speaker a set of bose qc25
noise cancelling headphones a set of
rows in ear headphones with lightning -
3.5 millimeter adapter my phone an
assortment of portable battery charges
one five thousand milliamp Apple watch
charger one five thousand million ultra
slim and car battery and one big boy USB
C twenty thousand milliamp charge some
batteries for the a7 s and what about
the charger an assortment of micro USB
lightning and USB C type cables my
Google pixel a MiFi device a portable
SSD and last but not least my passport
and wallet well as other stuff I'm
taking all of this I think I may have
forgotten a few things actually I'm
gonna need a suitcase and 60 shirts two
pairs of jeans two jumpers some medicine
Sun cream just in case a toiletry bag
and an HDMI cable whoa whoa whoa that's
enough of that for now I'm gonna give
you guys a few youtuber travel hacks
right this is what you guys want you've
asked for it on Twitter
okay so hack number one in this real
life example I'm traveling to Vegas but
you could be traveling anywhere you
could be a youtuber and you could be
traveling anywhere what the youtubers
take a lot of they take a lot of tech
cameras editing machines like laptops
headphones sound bars all of the stuff
they're a youtuber needs to create
content whilst they're going away the
worldwide plug adapter well you could
waste all your money and buy a load of
these so you can plug all your devices
in but we don't want to waste money here
we want to hack this thing I've shown
you guys this before absolutely
brilliant pick yourself up a little
extension lead with four sockets on it
number
1 2 4 because you feel like you coul
install some cable management plug this
into their bish bash Bosh anywhere you
go in the world you've got 4 sockets for
the price of one pack number two if
you're going somewhere you're most
likely staying in the hotel room what's
the most hotel room top a TV where you
have to pay for movies and videos now
it's always best practice just to throw
in your bag an HDMI cable if you find
yourself with nothing to do one evening
whilst you away you come back and you
want to put a film on but they're trying
to charge you for ninety nine for it
take you HDMI cable plug it laptop in
you're good to go and of course if
you're a youtuber there's nothing better
than watching your hour-long video edit
back on a big screen to make sure
everything's ok trouble hat for youtuber
number three so youtubers what do we do
all the time we upload videos we're
watching videos with consuming content
constantly uploading and downloading
video data video files aren't small when
I move one of these blogs it's probably
one and a half gigs and my internet home
is fairly good I can get one of these
files up in probably five minutes but
you staying in the hotel you have to pay
for Wi-Fi it's probably really slow
because loads of people are using the
same access point as you it's just not
what you want and you also have to pay
per device so if I want to get my mobile
telephone online as well as my laptop I
have to pay twice to get mobile devices
online let's get around this somehow
don't care about this because I don't
know if it's even legal the way around
this is to take with you an Ethernet
cable right most hotel rooms have an
Ethernet jack an rj45 port you can plug
it eat the net cable in and plug it into
your laptop but let's take it a step
further we're wanting to have superfast
internet via our own Wi-Fi hotspot and
have all our devices under one DHCP to
the network therefore we're only paying
once to the hotel for the internet bring
yourself over a travel route err now
this isn't a travel route so this is
actually a range extender but it has
DHCP capabilities so what I'm gonna do
when I arrive is plug this into here
plug this into the wall plug this into
here then plug this into the hotel's
rj45 port extend my antennas connect to
this via my phone and laptop and then
pay for the
the hotel think this is the one device
connected and you can connect as many
devices as you want to your little Wi-Fi
box just pick yourself up a troubled
router
that's super inexpensive it's what every
youtuber needs and obviously it goes
without saying if you take your own
wireless hotspot you're not using the
hotel's wireless hotspot which is
obviously gonna be overcrowded and
really slow you get your own dedicated
fast connection those will my little
three travel hacks for youtubers there
you go if you guys have got any trouble
hatch yourselves put them down in the
comment section down below guys if we
absolutely awesome if we could which
5000 likes on that this video can we'd
smash 5,000 likes that'd be wicked right
let's go but before we go I kind of need
to perk all of this put it in the
Manfrotto bag you know what I try and
leave links to all the stuff I'm taking
in the in the description if I can now
of course guys the reason I am packing
right now is because I'm off to CES
tomorrow taking a flight all the way out
to Las Vegas now I know CES isn't so
like the fourth fifth and six but I
wanted to go out like a few days earlier
to Las Vegas number one to cure my jet
lag before the actual CES event itself
and number two this Las Vegas I want to
go and experience it I don't want to go
and just go to CES and then fly straight
back I wanna have a meal at top of the
stratosphere I want to jump off the
stratosphere and I want to do some
mental stuff in a shooting range and
then and then go to CES I'm not just
flying out to go to CES my name's Alex
Brooks and we do mental things on my
channel called Mars bar vlogs don't we
we all do we all know this anyway guys
I'm only joking I'm just packing all
this stuff putting in the suitcases so
I've got obviously all my toiletries or
all my stuff in this suitcase here like
all my clothes I'm also taking the
gimbal with me which is gonna be super
super super cool so to see any cool
products or any cool video opportunities
well I'm in Las Vegas I've got my gimbal
with me this is all the tech I showed
you at the start of the video gonna be
cramming all of this into the Manfrotto
bag obviously these three little travel
hacks to showed you one with the HDMI
cable to always make it a best practice
to take one
so there we go that's all about packs we
can go ahead and put this suitcase out
here now my sony a7s battery charger
here has this cable with it now these
are fairly standard ports if you look at
these and study them carefully that are
exactly the same so all you need to do
is take this to charge my camera battery
right and then when I want to charge my
laptop unplug it from there and plug it
into there just me that works absolutely
fine I promise you what's the point in
taking two cables when you only need to
take and obviously it's always good to
take some chocolate and a microfiber
cleaning time let's go thanks very much
okay usually the lovely people that work
in its office put any of my parcels as
you guys know right to the top floor
where my office is but there's been no
one here so they've just been left down
here I've actually no idea what these
things are
they're both addressed to mr. Alex Oh
Brookes Mars media
brilliant oh the styrofoam everywhere
what that hell whoa what's this for
wah-wah I'm not being ungrateful or
anything like this is really cool
but number one why but number two who
the hell sent this I'm three luxury
glass head headphones stamps oh no way
please go for that's cool but who said
this thank you to whoever sent this yeah
for electorate or if you have I can't
find it anywhere
I said you should walk through the door
back Shrek you face that I won't let you
know that wouldn't stand up fight in my
room when I get my apartment on my first
house or whatever I do oh that lovely
wouldn't stand I've got my room right
front sense when you walk to the door
Wow smack in the middle of it
boom thank you this is cool I don't know
about this this is a bit weird
alright a little bit more messy need to
tidy up now in the office wait a minute
guys look at this look if you put it
like in front of some lights and then
look at oh so cool look at that
that's amazing okay now I know that
wherever I put that thing there needs to
be some lights behind it there we go but
from the office having opened up that
ridiculously strange and weird parcel
still don't know in order to think of
that on the car on the way home and in
the gym I was thinking you can actually
use that glass heads as a standard for
the VR headsets that's also that's a
pretty cool idea scrap the headphone
stand VR Stan that's what you want
anyway guys I'm gonna end this vlog here
I need to get some sleep gonna be up at
7 no 6 in the morning to get in the car
for 7:30 to get out to my train to go to
Vegas I can't wait to bring you guys
along with me we're back on with the
blog train now guys have a two days
break I'm feeling replenished - banaue
you guys been awesome keep smiling I'll
catch you in tomorrow's vlog I love your
faces
adios
baby
Oh
