good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is of course Alex and you just
didn't expect this did you I didn't
expect this I'm back on I'm vlogging
again one day later even after I said
I'm not gonna be blogging it wasn't a
joke when I was saying all this I'm not
gonna be blogging on New Year's even New
Year's Day but I thought I bring you
guys a vlog today I just physically
can't do it I just I can't I can't take
a break from this
I do this every single day of my life
and have them for the last 350 days and
taking a break is so bizarre to me and
this isn't by the way this isn't because
I want to take a break I don't want to
take a break hence why I've picked up
the camera and turned it on today i 100%
prefer to do a vlog on New Year's Eve
and New Year's Day I prefer to be in my
little office with my big camera talking
rubbish to it and putting that's putting
some plans down for 2017 and open it
some boxes and doing the things that we
always do on the channel I'd love to be
doing that you guys know how much pride
I take in the production quality of my
vlogs as you're saying that I'd like to
give up but I just think it's right I
forced myself to have at least two days
off because your bodies are like an
engine and you know what happens if you
keep your foot smack down on the engine
pedal it burns out so I'm just gonna
quickly just quickly tidy this room up
let's go
thanks my girls for a lovely
so come to town today legitimately took
me about 4045 minutes to get into town
this caused traffic so about close to
New Year went has some food at waggers
then got some like voice--it dollars and
then it can dollars out the US dollars I
said to the woman I was like enough some
dollars please she was like which one
and I was like American for Las Vegas so
that's for Las Vegas only got 200 apt I
don't think I'm going to be spending
much when I'm there so that's that
sorted now I can't come to Lincoln
without stopping at the angel popping up
brilliant need to get home and see the
grandma hello come on dear let's go tuna
go mom how good to see you Christmas
trees are still working is it not gone
off yet it is still low good is it
where's he got a black star because
you've got black coordinates and black
shades is that right
alright thank you for my coffee go mom
no I've drank it look my gun was really
short I'm not very short and I cook you
don't got my eyes tiny right don't have
a good new year yes there's good stuff
into the parcels bye have a good New
Year season yes I will be careful I
notice I see by my grandma
hello I think the deliverances must come
today have on Amazon Prime box and a big
fragile thing I think I know what that
is and I think you guys do too so we are
going to speed pulse with every edge
we'll get these get these get these
thing open this is new part-time you
guys to see this video your if your New
Year's Eve it's like six book new
teachers almost 2017 so guys I wanted to
take the time right now to wish you all
a very very very happy happy new year
I'm actually going out on the evening or
the night of news so I'll be out in town
between 2016 and 2017 so I'll be on
Twitter talking to you guys and wish you
guys a very happy you know have merry
happy merry happy new year know happy
new year etc hey look it's a rhyme what
was that
this is the other tp-link extender that
I wanna try and test out wow it's
arrived early so that's sweet us that's
coming out three consumer networking
products I wanted to review on our
comparison of on tech flow you guys are
good on just reviewing stuff see I would
say the time now to wish you guys a
happy new year may everything you wish
for in 2017 come true so I'm thinking of
well I've got a few video ideas that I
want to do on this channel because
obviously I'm not gonna be vlogging
tomorrow I'm not gonna be bugging New
Year's Eve or New Year's Day alright in
the new year I'll start blogging again
in the new year but I'm thinking of some
videos that I could upload whilst I'm
not vlogging and one of the ideas I had
I always put a GoPro in the car when I'm
with friends so it's really like a
compilation behind the scenes video me
just in the car with friends and it
sounds a bit weird but it's actually
really interesting just seeing like how
I act off-camera it's normally very
different it's just a lot like laid-back
and chilled out I'm still the same idiot
that is me but I'm just a lot like
chilled out obviously when I'm driving
is what I'm concentrating on driving and
on the
Road but it's just funny seeing me
interact with my friends oh yes
guys look it's arrived it's finally
arrived oh this is gonna look so sweet
I'm so happy oh but also by the way I've
got a date
I've got a date for you guys the 10th of
January I'm gonna be looking around my
new apartment well I say my I mean the
apartment that I think looks really cool
I want to tell you guys around about
thinking I'd be video someone have to
take a paint part and hide it somewhere
never never had the opportunity to buy a
frame and now finally bought a price so
so cool so cool let's get in here quick
sweet eyes check that out
look it's signed and everything I
absolutely love the artwork he has done
it's like is so cool if you guys haven't
listened to John Bell Ian just give them
a listen all time low is also a tune as
well and this is actually the artwork
for the song all-time low another
amazing of the new to the mint honestly
it's such an inspiration right guys I'm
gonna head home now for the evening just
waiting on a frame so you guys I now I'm
all back home I need to start packing
soon from Vegas I'm so so excited
because apparently that is apparently
there's a load of youtubers going like
that I just didn't think will go and
obviously unbox therapy is gonna be
there but I've heard that syndicates
going which is gonna be so cool
Casey nice that's gonna be there which
is so gonna be so cool if I managed to
this thing is massive didn't think it
was that big that's for sure
holy moly yes it's gonna be a load of
youtubers going and I literally I can't
wait it's gonna be so so cool you got
the blogs out in the vlogs in LA at CES
are gonna be
what a way to kick off 2017 I'm gonna
need some cream sickness tablets a
little bit of money so guys I'm gonna
sit down here for the rest of the
evening and play with my little things
that I've bought try and devise some
sort of a tech flow review the Murray's
coming around a little bit later I think
she's stopping here tonight and then
it's New Years Eve tomorrow followed by
New Year's Day
hopefully all you guys are gonna have a
great new business my husband Alex you
guys have been awesome guys stay off
some keep smiling I'll catch you
