come on ego is how we are doing my name
is of course ice guys welcome back to
another day vlog funny story about last
night actually I woke up at 6 a.m.
absolutely in a scruciating pain
I think scene I'm gonna start wearing an
eyepatch this I just keeps getting full
I don't know what happened last night
this is in the ward all the time I got
punched in the side this I get my old
bread and gooky when I get stressed and
tired it well last night or much robber
this morning around 550 6 a.m. I think I
woke up with something in this I like it
but there's a little bit of sound in
this I bear mind I was asleep with my
eyes closed I woke up with something in
this I like the pain woke meal I was
like bitch trying to get it out by I
couldn't get it out by I also invest
about 10 minutes but I'm just going dry
and it still Magnusson water and open my
eye and some water went into the
bathroom ran the bar put my head in the
water
open blue foot right that's gonna clear
it obviously took my head out of the
water and it was still there it was just
getting worse and worse and worse but I
think by ripping into my eyeball I still
a little bit red this morning I was
literally thinking of going to a me
because I just couldn't sleep it's about
50 minutes into it and then I thought
right I'm gonna try and get some sleep
managed to get our denti-cal got back to
sleep and I woke up this morning it
feels like my eyeballs a little bit
scratchy to giving us both sleep how
does something get into your eye when
your eyes visit yeah I have no idea guys
oh my look at this how mad is this wait
a minute been looking at this traffic
here
uh-oh I don't want to go in that areas
look there is looking at the exit
thousand houses literally just as I was
coming off the motorway so here come
here and he's now washing my car for me
while I'm sorry inside doing some work
does it look good mate Wow look at it I
love these brake calipers looking
absolutely Oh Oh God gee what have you
done
RG is the car washing guard he literally
is I've been pressuring gee I said to
him 2017 he needs to make a youtube
channel and wash cars how cool would
that be give like tips and tricks on how
to do certain things like detailing and
things I reckon there's a select few of
you that are into cars and a slight few
of you that would watch Jordans channel
if you did videos and out to wash cars
and stuff like detailing their stuff let
us know in the comments talking about
the YouTube comments loads of you recent
live in italics going isn't gonna sell
also makes abandoned buildings and stuff
so well it's daytime right now I know
it's not dark and it's not the same way
it's not that but still we think we
found a cool building that we're gonna
go and we're gonna go and have a look at
if it's and potentially want to go and
explore tonight it is the mind
oh now look at this this is it look oh
my God look at this place has got like a
basketball hoop in there but there's
like it's has it's being patrolled by
security like if there's no signs of
we're saying it's being patrolled by
security but there's no one here at all
there's no one walking around what I'll
call us building there the thing is you
gotta be careful because there's actual
new electric supply that's been put to
the building which makes me believe it
was gonna be an alarm system involved
this is like a brand-new building like a
brand new this is like a brand new
abandoned building and then listen here
is a like an abandoned leisure center
with a massive swimming pool and like a
kids pool over there and there's like a
little entrance it up there well I say
entrance there's no way getting up there
it's all all boarded up you're gonna
have to get energy going O'Connor okay
right then JIRA might go exploring later
right so I used to cook the checks right
so I could check something I think to
put this fill up in the corner of the
office looking sweet we've got to win it
we've got this really cool drawing of me
I had done in Antwerp and I've also got
a signed John Bell Ian poster which is
sweet as now I'm all in two frames one
for each of these women have them either
side actually no not was it 1,000
subscriber plaque there hundred thousand
subscriber plaque
I'm gonna have one of their and possibly
one behind the door so he's waiting for
delivery on those but I don't know where
I'm getting them delivered to to the
office or to my house now with the data
for a lot of you I still haven't heard
well that's a lie I've heard back from
the people with the flat who owned the
flower but I want to go
and look at the seven email back asking
me a load of questions I have replied to
their email and now I am just waiting
for a reply since that so good news is
they've acknowledged me bad news is I
don't have a date to look round the new
flight so sprucing up the office is
gonna have to be something we look
forward to he knows with our cool
posters which I've had for literally I
just stopped by the office because I had
a few emails that I wanted to take care
of the very minimal amount which is good
emails that I've got whilst well whilst
what on this holiday period now I need
some grub this begins now we are Toby's
a genius at this well you'll find out
for yourself
exploring Josas arrived by the way it is
again this is it
no I don't like it on that main bit no
she's been all trampled down that
recently it has been recently jump all
down there's a balloon as a balloon
there's gonna be some clowns in there
mate
why is the clockwise but why is her
balloon it's gonna be some clowns it's
just like a video game for the people
but I want a photo
it does have been taken up there snake
that's my favorite thing in the whole
place
circles snap you guys said you won't
exploit videos so I don't fail to
deliver soon as news I'm going to be
giving you guys at the end of this video
is that I don't know jinx it so like
still right in the center of the
building but people come in these lot of
scary buildings and they do like these
really fake-ass something happened like
it's just talk just lets you just is all
faking it but unless you nothing happens
you just walk through a night is it
weird and creepy yeah but not like
there's nothing that happens that's it
you just youtubers just make it all like
as if it's all like mental but all it's
just it's just bricks and mortar and
then you go outside simple stars are
good tonight though we could do a lot of
time-lapse but I'm kind of cold then I
believe what just happened over nothing
happens at these buildings
I don't know jinxing you're like still
just right in the center of the building
literally me and Toby started running
really fast just to just be scared
Jordan right and then someone started
screaming behind us we found their car
that Richard was the class was cuz the
car isn't dead before hand inside and
then waited for us to come out right
let's go find him oh wait you taking an
order of some beautiful dominoes after
that really well it wasn't really a
scary experience and a proper jinx Diggs
I said nothing happens at these things
so here's my little bit of news I've got
to tell you guys and these Toby is my
live audience he's right here he's
probably gonna be a shock to us all here
um literally renewing daily videos now
for
I think like 300 and almost 354 days or
something I'm gonna take a break unless
you're taking a break between now and
New Year's I'm having like three days
off and and then I'm gonna come back
with vlogging on the new year and fly
out to CES and do a little cool content
then so yeah I'm just gonna take a break
for about three days don't wanna pick up
a camera and stuff I just want to leave
it out and it spent some time with
family and stuff just have a like a
little 3-day three-day break so
hopefully all you guys cool with that
everything well ah I deserve it
appreciate it Hughes for you that's
alright so I'm gonna be continuing the
vlogs in the new year when we hit 2017
obviously just want to spend New Year's
with the family it's just as simple as
that really it's just a bit annoying
having to take camera round when I'd be
the family all the time you guys don't
want to see that anyway you prefer me to
be in the office opening parcels and
doing cool stuff with tech and building
cool things and changing things and I
prefer to be doing that and spending
time with a family to be honest with you
but I do need spend some time with the
family so that's that alright guys bye
Alec - you guys been awesome I'll see
you soon catch you in a vlog shortly not
in tomorrow's vlog I can't say that yes
