this is for you Luna she's sitting down
sit Luna then you sit down
Merry Christmas mate a good one yeah
it's good mate was very good but I'm
gonna head for a quick shower G is
having to go on the oculus VR
okay I'm not happy with out there - your
car is may need cleaning calling guys
how we doing my name is of course Alex
this morning I woke up and I gave
Maria's dog the treats that we got
yesterday when we went home then I came
back she was waiting for me at my house
I had a shower laughs the Ella go on the
V R and G you loved it didn't you it was
great me right tell me what you think of
it versus the PSV are better words I
take seem better actually because the
quality just cuz the quality and touch
and right so when I'm saying to you guys
that the oculus is amazing but it
literally genuinely genuinely amazing is
amazing I we're currently on the way to
Halfords with G G for Christmas he got
itself a brand new head unit so we're
gonna get that fitted into his car
by Erica this is the kit that yours has
got to install it's like such a good
pool
look at that pioneer head unit what do
they are our people about 300 feet to
quit down there right we're gonna miss
throwing that in the courser excited
make you wait yeah let's go oh that's
mad Oh mate that is so cool this is what
you get installed that's amazing so you
can change the color of the buttons you
see the buttons changing color on here
that's amazing okay when it's into
Halfords they said they're gonna pick it
today which is absolutely sick as but
there's a guy on half so we're nipping
back to my I'm gonna go to my car both
of us going to grab the Halfords Welty
spitting it then we can drive off in my
car I'm going dude why you're following
me Yeah right
we exist we're gonna get a Lincoln we're
gonna go for a Nando's wait with Jordans
get his car finished up right back so we
just turn around and now helpers Accord
us on the way back and said you know
what come come in because we can't even
fit the thing in your car can't fit the
new head unit you've got you know we're
happy what I need on in one of these
dashcam things what I need I'm gonna cry
on it reiji unsuccessful David let's be
optimistic for the future I'll see you
in a bit couldn't get the head unit
fitted oh well let's be optimistic
hopefully we'll get it done soon right
I'm on my way back into home base so
came into here with Murray yesterday but
she was in a rush and she was just like
what I just look at paint or something I
don't have a look at some lights my room
all of these look like I'm just like
looking to buy a house though and I'm
not I'm like a teenage kid in a room
well I'm almost twenty like that's
pretty cool I suppose but they just
don't Phillips you bored just absolutely
rubbish selection I'm gonna let you guys
help me out I live in the UK tweet me
some really cool lights like a Philips
new LED bulb
preferably on Amazon and preferably with
Prime delivery so we can get it ASAP
right I'm gonna go see if I can find
some more deals and curries see this is
what I bought yesterday for 34 quid I
think they've done something wrong that
should not be 34 quid this should not be
very 4 pounds that much of a good deal
I'm thinking of picking up another one
that you should be like a hundred pounds
okay I'm gonna pick up the BT one and
then compare them the only reason I'm
doing this is because you guys know that
I'm absolutely
with networking gear I love it I bet
there's any other deals on though that I
can find there's any good but this half
price you know what that's a deal shame
stay that Jordan couldn't get his head
unit fitted it's like a really really
really cool expensive head unit for his
car
that would have enabled him to use apple
carplay and have some stuff on his cars
it's a massive massive shame that that
we couldn't get that in store today I
was really looking forward to that
actually Jordan was actually really
upset about it and I said look mate
they're gonna fit it by the end of the
week just reduce didn't have the right
part in to do it
so with these sorts of things you have
to be optimistic and talking about
optimistic we were all very optimistic
yesterday that I could fix my microphone
on top of this camera with with a little
bit of kitchen kitchen foil and it just
worked for like half an hour and then it
didn't work this cam was broken like
this cameras just broken well the only
thing is I wouldn't even use the word
broken it's just not working to its full
potential which is really annoying now I
know I use this thing every day I know I
do every single day I use this camera
and it's not even a year old yet but I
still use it every single day a lot more
than anyone should ever use a camera I
record a full a full little movie every
single day with this thing
and honestly I'm surprised its lasted
this long but for the headphone jack of
all things to break not the glass on the
lens not the lens itself not the
autofocus motor not the glass screen on
the back of it the headphone jack sorry
if you can hear a lot of kids by the way
there's a massive party going on in my
house so I'm just come up here and
retreated away I just don't really know
what to do guys you know honestly I'm a
little bit lost and I'm gonna send the
camera off and I'm gonna have to get
another camera grassless cameras turn
off which is amazing it's a massive
thing I just don't need in my life right
now what is this I'm violet of these
Wi-Fi extenders in the sale as you guys
know is like New Year right now there's
loads of sales on and stuff so I'm
trying to buy a load of Wi-Fi extenders
in the sale to do a review on load of
them a tech compare them all sort of
I'm a little bit bored between this
little bit of Christmas and New Year no
one does it work and it's just so like
really boring I love working I'm just
like none of the shops are open it's
really busy in town and you can't do
anything and I want to stay the whole
time is literally really bored really
bored so I've borne out two of these
wife extenders I've got them deployed in
my house and my phone is only using the
extenders and we'll be testing them out
for like a week and then probably gonna
do a review on on tech flow I found this
one from Amazon and I've literally just
bought it that's gonna be three of them
that should arrive in the next two days
three for a comparison video on tech fly
so I'm still trying to work on this
period where there's no work between
Christmas and New Year by testing out
products but I'm trying to test that
products that I personally find
entertaining so I'm having fun doing it
at the same time
sweet ass guys I've just fixed up some
of the stuff on the home network on the
wall and absolutely sweet guys I'm gonna
try and get this camera issue resolved
as soon as possible is playing on my
mind quite a bit I just feel like I'm
gonna go like and I feel like it's just
getting worse and worse and looser and
looser the connection every day she's
gonna conk out and she's gonna ruin a
whole video and I'm I'll just ruin the
streak that we've got here uploaded like
over a year of videos without missing a
day my sony a7s box is up here somewhere
I shot Sony a tweet I'm not sure if
they're gonna reply or not I'm hoping
they're gonna be able to like maybe sort
me out I don't I don't know guys I don't
even know my receipt is for it I don't
know where anything is so guys I think
I'm gonna cook this vlog short for once
and try and get this resolved and since
only female to see once we're had the
receipt for it somewhere but my name's
Ben I like you guys been awesome guys
today also keep smiling I'll catch you
in tomorrow's dock
Oh
