come on than you guess you talk about
you
wipeout I come in there no dogs oh yeah
good one like my bedroom want a little
light to go into that top of it I have
an office in the bedroom you're gonna
lose me
where're you going I want it to look at
light switches no because they can
they're like smart ones and you can say
like turn on the lights kind of sworn
they're the ones where you can do that
you want it middle what we shad Oh
check is called shadow that is
chick shadows are you happy with your
chick she puts it in the boot with the
things I picked up from my sale and all
of the dog treats we got that's a really
good selection but if I just put Chrome
open all the three screens it's white
enough so guys good afternoon how are
y'all doing my name is Alex haven't
started today thought well I've been
recording all day haven't the berbil
he's spoken to the camera as of yet
until now so how you're doing let me
know down in the comment section
so today I've been well taking advantage
of the end of year sales I've been to
curries and picked up this bad boy got
it literally for Half Price I'm a sucker
for going into cruising by networking
gear I know I'm kind of obsessed so that
was cool pick this up for Half Price
also answers I think pets at home and
with research we get some stuff for a
dog and then went to pick up paint paint
for Maria's rooms wants to paint a room
and then we picked up something from
boots and then we went for a meal with
my mother she's here by the way she's
there she's just on my phone I know she
thinks she's been a freak what are you
doing we're nothing you run my phone so
this is the only thing I could find in
the sale I've always wanted to go out
and buy something like from a sale I've
just never it's never you know ever seen
it been seen to do so but you know what
I thought I'm gonna I'm just gonna do it
using the new unboxing knife thanks norm
appreciate it pretty sweet if you know
your advertisements and I walk into a
shop I'll probably buy the product
because just how I roll I like
advertisements they're very satisfying
okay so you plug it into the wall and
then it picks up your I Phi and then
extends it but it does it like better
than all the other ones cuz it has two
channels in it you're gonna be my guinea
pig I'm gonna put it in your house for
you in your room and you can connect to
it and tell me if it works and then you
can give me feedback on it so I can do a
review of it on tape flow is that
understood Maria
brilliant dish got Maria off home I've
installed a little Wi-Fi thing open her
laughs that's why I was up well coming
down those ladders she can be my guinea
pig for now I need internet all the time
and she does not see first if her
internet goes off so she can be my
little test guinea pig my half-price
Wi-Fi extender that I bought today let's
see if I've got an absolute bargain on a
Christmas sale or I'm just absolutely
just been been ripped off
testing 1 2 3
coming out the right hand side let's try
a new microphone testing 1 2 3 if the
camera that's broke isn't it the cameras
broke the the cameras broke isn't it one
of the words put about this whole thing
is that mic perfect what I just said is
my internal microphone doesn't work the
audio in Jack on my camera is broken and
so are the internal microphones this is
a twenty three hundred dollar or pound
camera with the lenses whole self is
about three thousand pounds and the
headphone jack is broken I don't know
what to do I don't know what to do
genuinely have no clue I may as well put
this microphone back on
there's no tin foil in the office I'm
pretty sure and fix this thing with tin
foil but I've come to the office today
because I've had some stuff to do for
tech flow which I have just done well
it's 20 copying over some files over on
that computer I finished all of that now
I'm just gonna blast with this camera
situation there because obviously
there's gonna be a period of time yes it
might go to fix it when I get home with
a little bit of tinfoil but there's
gonna be a book I'm gonna have to send
this camera off to get it properly thing
I could load with the different camera
but I like the quality that I produce on
the channel and I'll take that take that
take a lot pride in that
so I've ever lost really I'm not really
sure what to do things enough to send it
off they're gonna have to send it back
and also gonna have to fix it so it's
gonna take about two or three weeks and
if I was to have a break from doing
these videos I wouldn't wanna have a
break for two or three weeks I probably
would break first three or four days or
something not two or three wait guys
please advise me what to do what to do
in the comments section please it's
actually really quite nice check this
out somehow I don't quite think this can
replace my mum Fratto bag which I
absolutely love but I still a super
super super trendy back right let's head
home see if we can find some tin foil
I'm normally a hundred percent sure what
just happened I'm just pulling out of
the operations and guy Flags me over
some guy that's absolutely drunk out of
his head and it's like look I'll give
you ten pounds to take me from where I
am here to report that was literally
like two minutes away so that's a note
to start with and then he just like kind
of just got in my car so I was like you
know what he's giving me a tenner to
literally make me drive to me and then
he ran his dad to come out of the pub
that I was taking him to and then I
shook his dad's hand as well
they were both absolutely slaughtered
that slaughter drunk I think has worked
I think a fixed it
I look I can just come in their room and
just tear my Philip's Eli's I'm by the
click of a button feels like they're an
actual white set of lights like it's an
actual switch so so cool instead of me
having to get my phone out to my hue
lights on every time but I think I've
managed to fix the the microphone in
this camera or the microphone port in
this camera with a little bit of tinfoil
because I'm a slight with the Virginia
and yes the camera may be broken and yes
somebody have to send it off sometime in
the future but we've managed to fix it
with a little bit of tin foil and brain
power and guys you have to look at the
positives it's up to you to find the
beauty in the ugliest days right guys I
know we set some New Year's resolutions
in yesterday's video and one of those
was to be a lot healthier and try and
just be a lot happier and I said to you
guys you know I like being healthy and
going to the gym but one thing I want to
do on the health front is eat lot eat a
lot better and also try and go running a
little bit more not just go to the gym
but try and go running so check this out
are you ready for this this is gonna
blow your mind
three two one let's go running
just had a quick shower decent run gonna
head to Maria's tonight
