Bertie Bertie start start my Boxing Day
Bertie start the vlog for me start the
vlog hello guys how are you doing what's
up guys so doing my name is of course I
let's talk about to another daily vlog
hopefully all you guys are alright so
today is the day after Christmas yeah
still haven't managed to tidy up any of
my Christmas presents yeah you guys saw
in yesterday's vlog we installed the new
cool light switch for the philips hue
lights that's wicked today I'm actually
off down to Leeds it's a two and a half
hour drive from my house now horizontal
needs to see some family friends and
then I come back here
guys so woke up this morning around 9:30
a.m. came hunting for Maria's house to
look about how to shower here but in
because all the way to lead a few hours
away leads from my house in the car my
battery died in my camera peter
mish-mosh I was just with some family
friends and we played uno watched the
football and ate some food and then
drove two hours back home I'm now back
home again what I'm trying to say is
today I've been to Leeds for a few hours
I'm back now my camera died
but you didn't miss much so pretty much
if you're listening with some stereo
speakers now you can probably hear that
well I'm only coming out of the left or
right speaker one of the two something's
broken in here and when I plug my
external microphone in only one of the
channels work and I have to kind of
wiggle it about there you go to get them
both to work and then when I stop oh
wait a minute no it's just like broken
it's just so annoying no I haven't
contacted Sony about this and they said
that one would descend to my camera off
for repair it's gonna take two weeks
that unfortunately means there's gonna
be two weeks of no vlogs and no videos
I'm joking I'm sure there's something
just lodged in the headphone jack which
I need to try and clean it out I can
probably do that I don't have time to
sort it now so all I'm gonna do to
resolve the issue is just merge the
single audio track into a double audio
track in the editing software hopefully
you guys can not hear me right let's get
oh okay
hey that's sweet Hmong thank you two
coats here wise anyway guys I've got
some I've got some cool news so this is
my boxing good by the way
mother I may be watching thanks for the
school I appreciate it it looks
sweethearts a lot some more posters and
stuff the Pope in the office would be
doing that over the coming weeks holy
yes I have some exciting no I'm taking
today as the chill dog of the week I
want to sit here and chat with you guys
and Edwardson pass I've got a big parcel
down there I've heard some company I
think it was Logitech might send me a
Christmas present
that's arrived I don't know if that is
it or not find out in a bit but okay I'm
gonna just play the news it does have in
looking at apartments
I've been looking like genuinely moving
out and getting like my own place for
2017 like this is a thing that I've been
doing and I've actually been well I've
been giving it a secret because it's not
really been organized but I will let you
guys know that I have found a place and
I'm well I've sent them an email I'm
hopefully going to look round it now is
a really swanky apartment is really
really really cool guys I really don't
know if you go through with it and I
thought I'd ask you guys what do you
think if I moved out of my room at home
and got my own apartment obviously the
office it's still stay here and the
apartment I'm looking at is quite close
to this office even close that's not my
actual house
I can literally walk to it so that is
super cool and then or I should do that
guys should not wait out at home my bear
man I'm in nineteen years old right now
or would you guys love me to do series
like where I'm decking out my brand-new
swaggy pad it's honestly it's really
cool well it looks cool in the photo so
yeah that's that I want to get your guys
pi√±on now secondly I'll talk about New
Year's resolutions
do you guys have any maybe Year's
resolution I kind of want to set some
and Affleck am gonna set some in this
video I was talking with Maria actually
near the night and she said why don't
you go back to your videos and see what
new New Year's resolutions you said we
went back to my old vlog as far as we
could tell her couldn't find a video
where I'd set my New Year's resolutions
and I thought if I set them solidly in
the in a video then I can't back out
into my New Year's resolutions are right
my name is resolutions are to get
healthier and eat healthier eating
healthier is the big one possibly Jim a
little bit more I do gym a lot but I
wanted Jim a little bit more and do it
more frequently to have a bit of a
schedule going Cirque in New Year's
resolution and I want you guys to hold
me on this hold me on it like hold me
down to it I want to do more stuff on
the main channel but I need you guys
help with that so let me know what I
could do on there in the comment section
down below where the resolutions to do
with YouTube is to well the team and I
want to try and do try and do two videos
a week on tech flip I'll obviously my
final resolution is to just keep happy
keep smiling keep motivating people on
the internet push both my companies and
keep daily vlogging oh I totally forgot
I what again forgot them to Rick and
rose license I'm just gonna get that
done I want to get that done by ian you
know I want to get that done by the end
of February because I really miss flying
obviously I need I need to try it I do
need to buy another drone because
obviously we lost we lost the inspire
take a look at that another day I don't
know what that is
this says I don't really know what to
expect from this what hi Alexa Mars
media team thank you for the opportunity
we hope you enjoy our slim power wallet
have an awesome day and Merry Christmas
Karan regards case crown case crown
minimal wallet slim power battery pack
no way is this a wallet with a battery
pack ins in it is isn't it no way oh no
way these guys are nail
I think I think these guys have nailed
this so right this is a what and then
you open it out and you just think it's
microUSB so I'm like how am I gonna
charge my iPhone with that but then you
put the micro USB cable back into this
and then pull it back out again and then
out comes a lightning cable so they just
sort of auto detect that you scrubbed it
in and then stuff showing off yeah it
also detects it so that is so cool but
as wicked why is that so so cool guys if
you're looking for a battery wallet with
a bullet with a back battery a wallet
with a battery in it or a battery that
has white functionality whatever way you
want to look in it there you go just
type this into the interwebs case crown
slim power wallet better play but anyway
guys that money Alex you guys have been
awesome stay awesome guys keep smiling
I'm gonna go and see Maria for a bit
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog
adios
