Alexa turn on relaxing good morning guys
merry Christmas to you all
maybe so we have to give this the bird
to do yeah
this is what Santa ray we gave him some
whiskey and it isn't left and with the
mince pie there he left we left some
peanuts for the random sort of carrots
and you didn't drink on ASCAP no eat on
that engine drink all the milk millions
turn in there even in line Oh yours
wrong in the sack
well we got an Xbox 360 oh yeah hey you
mustn't throw this or drop it because it
will explode I think our game did you
get that game you wanted yeah so what
you have to do is pick up your iPad and
then scan the code with the iPad what
are you doing Wednesday where is it
fella there you go it's got it already
look at that how cool is that so Jacob I
sent Santa an email saying that I'm
gonna get my brother on Xbox but an Xbox
360 but I said to Center I don't have a
controller or cables for it so I said to
Santa I said Tim can you go and put the
cables in the root in his playroom for
him and can you go and hide an Xbox
controller in there for him so good
thank you gotta find the Xbox controller
you might you might have forgotten so
you might not even be able to play it
thing is Jacobs put the cables in for
you so surely he's um
surely he hasn't forgotten the
controller absolutely magical where is
it mate can you find it I don't think
it's going to be in the bathroom is it I
wasn't gonna be that Jacob if anything
Jacob I'm it's gonna probably be in the
drawer somewhere isn't it
right tenure Xbox I'm Jacob have to
press the button and all say first yeah
you also have to you know Stern I'm Jake
um how cool is that
guys Merry Merry Christmas a you've all
had a brilliant day I have literally
just finished lunch with the whole
family the whole family is down stairs
just finished the Christmas lunch pigs
in blankets what are they really
Yorkshire puddings all the meat in the
world I came upstairs lied down to
watching YouTube and fell fast asleep
with my belly full of food
I think it's bed last night like 5 a.m.
because Jen came round and we were just
chilling playing on playing on the
oculus just woken up and my grandma has
brought me up some presents to open and
I thought I'd open these on on the vlog
with you guys so I hope you guys weren't
absolutely brilliant day obviously I've
already opened a lot of presents
downstairs a few things ago I got this
wicked jacket which I absolutely love
from 11 degrees really cool got this got
this really cool shirt that's got like a
speaker and like a typewriter and it's
like sure SH mr. speaker yeah it's
pretty cool my mum got me these jeans
with this light and say little patch job
on they're super proud of their mum also
got me this really cool school not sure
where I'm gonna put this bad boy or even
if I can put it anywhere really because
it doesn't even have a holter to put it
anyways just it just looks really cool
so I don't really know what to do with
that could take it to the office maybe I
also got some aftershave from the family
a few of the bits and bobs downstairs
nothing like technology-related or
anything just like just really cool
stuff from the family my mum got me an
unboxing knife wait a minute let me let
me go in let me go get that to unbox
these that's really cool
I also got a load of really nice Calvin
Klein clothes leave those there for now
got some money and Nando's gift card
whoa a bottle a Grey Goose vodka we'll
add this the ongoing collection of
alcohol that I am don't drink I also got
some Nando's sauce as you guys know I
absolutely love my spices I got this
really cool shirt with like a with with
a skull on it that's made out of flowers
got some cool joggers anyway I got open
these presents here this is my little
unboxing knife it's more of a letter
opener but it's really cool it's got
like a Jaguar on the front of it and you
can open boxes with it and I'm parcels
and so guys let's keep the Christmas
music
and open these are the parcels I have no
idea what my grandma's got me my god why
usually gets me stuff like washing up
stuff which is just not really funny
what she got me here yeah - like washing
up things here and I can't guess what
that all that is I'm guessing Terry's
chocolate orange and Oh Terry's
chocolate orange I might correct there
we go look at that in that you never get
a Christmas without a toast chocolate
orange flying around do you everybody
seems to be getting these bad boys looks
like oh my god I swear to God my grandma
wants to make me fat I can just guess
what all of it what all the things I
like she got me there you go I'm
definitely just gonna be absolutely
obese by the Christmas more washing up
stuffing oh how funny is that why is
that
Wow so for some reason and my grandma
thinks I'm a woman shaving foam shampoo
what is that whoa it's got little balls
in it whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa so yeah
just like more washing up stuff so what
I'm pretty much gathered from this
Christmas so far is that my family think
I really smell hence getting me like
washing up stuff and fragrances to spray
on myself and also clearly they think I
have a really bad sense of fashion which
I do I've got a good such a fashion
haven't I guys come on I've got a good
sachet oh they're digging myself a hole
hair on
there we get the whole family has just
finished on the video we've been in here
for about an hour now everyone has
literally had a go on the VR obviously
my grandma was here today and she's been
telling me she's still downstairs right
now everyone else has left my grandma's
still here though but grandma watches
these vlogs and she says to me Alex when
you were doing the VR I think it look
like a little bit of an idiot but now
she said she's actually done it she sees
how cool it is and what I'm actually
trying to tell you guys about how
amazing is she says it she 100% backs it
everyone the spin on it today has been
like Jesus when I'm reacting to it in
the video I'm not overreacting it really
is that good I got so spoiled today and
I haven't even shown you one of the main
things we got let me take you into the
Gary boom look at this bad boy
wait a minute it's even better that we
put our lights on there we go then
there's our guys check out the table
tennis oh wow I've always absolutely
loved table tennis up with Evans a table
tennis court I'm always on it I
absolutely love it and I want to get
really good at it
now this wasn't a present just for me
this was like a collaborative thing for
the whole fam but yeah we've gotten had
a table tennis thing in here which is
you know kind of convenient considering
we've got rid of the projector screen
and removing all of that stuff to the
office I didn't even know this was a
thing I think even though this was gonna
be a thing and now this is a thing and
it's super super cool and I'm gonna get
well I'm gonna try to I'm gonna try and
get really really really good at table
tennis really good let's see what
Jacob's thinking of his xbox if he's
still on it he's still playing Jacob you
love it yeah how good is it I know it's
amazing
I've got Maria's present just they're
gonna go around and give her that
brilliant guys ah so I just been round
summaries giving her a present she
absolutely loved it
came back here with the gifts that Maria
got me and then I found some more
presents under the tree which I have now
a wrap I've got myself a nice Bosch
multi-tool kit because I'm getting old
now sorry you know I need this for doing
the setups
livestreaming rig which we're doing in
the office I also Secret Santa got me
this thing wait a minute I feel better
for the tow you guys what Maria got me
then we're gonna get it well for a start
don't be I don't really need to go get
it because well she got me this shirt
this is one of the things she got me was
she got me some more stuff she got me a
letter chocolates which is really cool
and then she got me she got me some
stuff for the bathroom wishing everyone
was think I smell I'm taking the hint
abolition taking him and then she got me
a card with well she wrote in it though
she's got me some tickets to see John
Bell Ian some super stoked about that
that's made me really really really
really really really really happy
because John Bell Ian so my favorite
artists I absolutely love and respect
his music so much right I'm going to
change shirt into what I was wearing
before there we go right is literally a
remote control right for your hue and
then it has a sticky pad on the back and
then you can just like take the
controller off it and it's figure out
how you set this thing up oh my god guys
this is actually sick look the press
that one button ready three two wait
only I'll bring up the oh how cool is
that look off turns them all off on
turns them all on and then you can
literally just dim them down just hold
the dim button down guys I really really
really really really enjoyed my
Christmas I really hope all of you guys
had an absolutely phenomenal day if
you're celebrating Christmas or whatever
you're celebrating hope you had a
brilliant day its wrapping up here
tonight they're all my family is still
downstairs are gonna be going home soon
back for their own humble abodes so
before they do that guys I'm gonna go
spend some time with them but for now
guys - Ben Alex you guys have been
awesome since their book guys stay
awesome keep smiling I hope you've
enjoyed the Christmas Day plugin if you
have smash light rain smash it smash
smash smash and smash the light right
and bit please please please do it and
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog adios
oh crap
