good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog starting my
Christmas Eve daily blog in a car park
today I'm in the car park of Tom Brown's
restaurant because go for a meal with my
mother
please guys just finished up my
Christmas Eve meal with my mother hello
you might be a little bit confused right
now
those of you that Blair can't speak and
for those of you that are confused I
don't actually live with my mum and I
split up I see my mum every Christmas
Eve and I spend Christmas Day with my
dad
does that make sense that is why
Christmas Eve has been for a meal with
my mother meal is over really enjoyed it
I've given my mum my Christmas present
that I got her for this year which if
you didn't know my mum is into dead
animals that's gonna sound really wrong
but I don't mean it like that
I mean dead animals like this school
type thing like I don't know what the
word is for it but if you saw my mom's
flat it's covered in stuff like this so
I got a guy's loads of stuff like that
hopefully she likes it right of my
Christmas Eve I've been well invited
into town with some friends today but I
thought instead what I'm gonna do is
every time I get invited somewhere I'm
always the one to say yes like if any
opportunity comes up I always say yes
I'm a massive believer in the saying
excuses will always be there for you but
opportunity won't and I always said this
to myself and oh it says myself I get
invited everywhere I should probably do
it and I do usually do it I'm usually
always out with friends and always
seeing people but I thought no it's
Christmas Eve I've got Christmas Day
tomorrow I just want to relax
managed to get the inside of the car
cleaned absolutely spotless just in to
the outside now but I think I think I'll
do that later tonight so I'll clean the
inside of the car when edited
yesterday's and upload yesterday's vlog
now major cleaning the outside of the
car let me show you that there you go
she'll clean the inside of the car clean
outside of the car clean now she's
insane how much she's changed in one
year the thing is you think you think
the years absolutely fly by but they
don't so much last year at this time I
was preparing to do my yearly setup
video setups or setup thing where I
stand there and I go hey guys check out
my room and stuff guys drop a like
rating if you want me to do one on the
main channel this year I don't think
much has really changed however I am
doing some spring cleaning today I'm
stripping down all of the side unit
cleaning them and putting things back
where they should but you can see I've
sort of amended stuff down here and they
shouldn't really be there and down there
things should have a place I think I'm
gonna take Alexa from down there and put
her here and then put this meri bottle
somewhere else will you guys let me give
you just a little bit of a pan around
the room now as it stands I saw
everything out is looking so so much
better let me try something so cool man
okay so I've sorted out my bedside table
right here right all this is new so
clean
Alexa's there and I've figured this out
look Alexa set the lights to 100% that's
all that so now Alexa's plugged in
looking sweet God and most of the stuff
from down here and then the desk just
looking really clean I've got all the
oculus touched up here the sensor there
and another sensor over there and it's
all cable managed so you can't see any
cables with it this side of the bed well
I've put the Xbox controllers and all of
the console controllers and then in here
this is where all of the alcohol has
retired too so we've got the crystal
house good but oh my god I can
definitely speak today we've got the
crystal head skull vodka which MSI sent
me last Christmas MSI I don't really
drink that's why I've got
a load of vodka here which people have
sent me and I don't drink saying that I
managed to continue my half a bottle of
this Smirnoff here yeah call it what you
want my probably wondering Alex where is
all of the stuff gone well okay now I've
got a load of clothes down there what
you want to go and donate to charity and
then I've also got all the stuff down
here I want to take to the office and
put in the storage room and then these
two monitors here these were on my desk
before we had the surround setup I was
just storing those in this little room
in the office as well
there we go finally finally I managed to
bring all this stuff to the office I was
such a long time Christmas Eve the day I
was going to give to myself I've got all
of my jobs and by the way guys if you're
young you do find that when you get
older the days where you want to give
yourself some time to do me things you
just end up doing jobs and that is the
people that end all of it there's no
lying in bed watching films it's I've
got things to do sort of thing kinda
sucks really my brother was like Alex
Alex Alex come watch health with me and
as much as I'd love to do that
our sort of the stuff um needs to do
we've got this parcel here - I think you
know what a people save that for a rainy
day days blog has been all about errands
there we go oculis boxes in storage
computer monitors on the table that'll
do I spent last night with Maria
so tonight oh I think Jed's coming round
cuz on a real I think it would suck to
spend Christmas Eve evening on your own
but I've been trying so hard to portray
how cool the VR is right and I've told
you guys it's awesome
and you I'd probably like portray
obviously you guys have really played it
but yet bat me out mate Oh oh my
goodness is it not the best thing you've
ever seen it is the bee's knees it's
actually a rift mate that but no it's
the oculus rift and it really is a rift
with the touch control it's a its
immense Alexa good night Rhys the guys
Jed has just gone home and I wait to do
something in today's blog and I'm just
totally forgotten about it I wanted to
do it earlier in the day
totally forward of us I'm gonna finish
the vlog doing this right all right I've
got one lighter okay I've got two light
is here and and I've got a knife and
I've also gone well because it's
Christmas some Christmas cake right and
you guys know that recently on the
recently on the blog's have been taking
the mick out of all of these people that
have been doing this stupid
thing where they're like a thousand
degree ninth versus batteries or a
thousand degree knife versus what a
thousand degree knife versus coca-cola
bottle a thousand degree knife versus
this 2000 another Blair I've never
watched one of these videos probably
just seen them in my suggested all the
time I have no idea how to get a knife
to 1000 degrees so what I'm gonna do
it's just burning the knife isn't it
maybe I forgot some tape this is so
dangerous there we go
look at that and now I can just hold my
knife under here I know that right at
the end it's starting to smoke the knife
is starting to smoke this knife is so
hot right now a little bit like this for
five minutes I'm surprised the light is
still going oh my god that is
ridiculously hot I'm not even gonna
touch that now get into the lighter on
the job as well have to stir we need it
hotter right this was a brand new
lighter it's literally just died like it
oh it's so hot like that number two
right I've literally this smoking I've
literally been holding it on that that's
loose you had a flame on it but it
passed 15 minutes maybe even checking my
camera's still recording right let's see
what happens with this
yeah absolutely nothing is the most
pointless thing I've ever seen in my
life there's possibly a little bit of
burnt Christmas cake on the knife but
it's so hot okay that was my little
spoof all the people doing a thousand
degree ninth videos is so much supposed
to be full of them it's so so so so
funny anyway guys hope you've enjoyed
today's little video about my Christmas
Eve I'm probably going to go and enjoy
this Christmas cake now and then get to
sleep because it's literally 5:17 a.m.
right now which is absolutely brilliant
gonna be up in like three hours to see
my brother open his Christmas present
which we've got for him but the
Christmas Day vlog woo so guys my name's
been Alex you guys been awesome stay
awesome guys keep smiling I'll catch you
in tomorrow's vlog adios
