good afternoon guys is how we are doing
my name is of course I like some welcome
back to another daily vlog where I'm
rocking a little bit of a block nose
don't know if you can tell well the
check looking a little bit grim today
but I don't have a groom video install
today I've got a really really really
cool video really cool video in store
today awesome video so today guys I'm
gonna scrap away from all the cinematics
I usually do in my vlogs and do more of
just a natural vlog and that's because
we don't really have time for cinematics
today we've got such a busy thing
planned oh this is amazing so my plan
today is Friday today two days before
Christmas so I'm super happy Christmas
Eve tomorrow get to see my mom tomorrow
which is awesome and then Sunday we've
got Christmas which is obviously gonna
be really cool but today today it's cool
too
this is my status move Maria's bag the
thing
and yes add some cake ice and I don't
judge me this is my try that one again
this is my section and I absolutely love
it and you guys seem to - we've worked
on this thing together for the last like
few months right I've got something
absolutely wicked I want to try and add
to this thing today right and install it
properly so yeah this is a pretty cool
gaming setup you know it's awesome about
LEDs looking cool monitors we've got
some awesome peripherals got some
awesome speakers yeah that's cool what
don't we have though
what was the box waiting at the office
and I think what's inside there if I
figure out how to install it it's gonna
make this thing look awesome and be
awesome even more awesome than it than
it already is so I thought if I'm gonna
go set this thing up I don't know really
what I'm doing with this hence why I
don't want to do my casual cinematic Eve
log today I just want to try and get
this thing set up and do it with you
guys because this is a very very very
rare opportunity that we've got here so
without further ado let's get to the
office
oh come on man there's another parcel
here now that's not the office to get is
it know what this right we'll leave this
here for tomorrow or something I've know
what's this US postage and fees pay okay
I have no idea what lies you missed the
lamp should be up there I have come
today to the office to pick up this bad
boy and what's in here is gonna
absolutely blow my mind so I should blow
your guy's mind too and if you're here
still watching could you leave a like
when we try and get ten thousand likes
on the video can we do that that'll be
wicked that make my day that probably
get rid of my cold - if she bless it
like let me know in the comments that
you have and I'll try apply to you yes
finally we can install it yes okay I'm
either gonna really give this away or
I'm not gonna give it away or by saying
this but syndicate and I you know Tom we
were both being sent these now I think
I've got mine first I think I've got my
first I think I wit so when Tom gets hit
and I'm pretty sure he hasn't got yet I
love this you guys don't even know what
it is yet it's so funny legitimately the
only reason I'm actually here today is
to come and pick up this box I have no
other reason to be in the office I have
finished all of my work in the office
for 2016 now probably I'm gonna be in
here till 2017 just need to take this
box home oh yeah by the way I said I
wasn't gonna do no cinematix in this
vlog I just can't really help it well I
did some on the way here in the car
getting into the coupler it's just
programmed into my braid right let's go
home with this cool box
problems with owning a mini I'll get out
the car there is yesterday's vlog loaded
and ready to go live at like 6 p.m. as
usual sweet I'm super proud of that
video guys I'm super proud of all my
videos a little of my videos that I
works so hard at all the videos hope you
guys liked them did all of you guys
follow Bertie on Instagram vertical you
gettin as followers mate yeah everyone's
following the most famous famous insta
cap if you don't know why his Instagram
is it's Bertie with two E's then call
vertical add a bit to it right this is
it guys this is it so what'd you guys
find out and I found I I'm even gonna
bail to get this thing to work what's in
this box right you ready
oh my god
holy moly mother so cool I've got the
touch as well and the actual oculus look
at that how does it retractable handle
Burt mate look at the retractable handle
I made out of like something weird as
well like it's oh my god I just want to
get inside at this I love stuff like
this because I can just feel so good
white is so good oh my god oh my god
these are the what's that
that's the sensor isn't it then No
liquid cleaners these are the sentences
beginning for it to work is that so you
can move that and then that plugs in via
a USB cable watch this
that is the oculus remote I'm assuming
you don't need that with a touch
controller let me brighten this up a bit
for you guys there we go and then this
is the actual headset itself Bert mate
I'm trying unbox things take their
protectors off there and then that is
the headset got a very long cable the
wireless Xbox controller oculus stickers
some batteries for our Xbox controller
I'll sort this out now factories in our
Xbox controller that's coming on and
that's it
a rift box Wow and then we've got the
touch as well with another sensor and
then the hand are these are so cool man
these are so cool that's so so cool
whoa other than box Karlie's download
the oculist
app on my computer I'm gonna do that now
right so it's downloading the software
now whilst it's been downloading that
plug-in this year XP extension I plugged
that into my computer here I've got this
HDMI cable coming up my GPU which runs
down here to this HDMI splitter which
then connects into the headset that
people then runs around there down there
all the way to this now what I'm going
to do is try and position these
somewhere oh no no we're either side of
the monitors maybe right okay so I
plugged one sensor in there one sensor
in there I've got the plugged into the
back of this mitre and then a USB 3.0
cable from this monitor coming through
here into the USB 3 on the back of the
PC it's saying it's found the headset
it's found the sensors now it's telling
me to sell this remote connected
apparently already Jesus the light
magnetic but this one's flashing and
this one isn't and I've inserted
batteries into both I'm trying to take
you guys through this as best I can look
it says it's found out there we go it's
finished installing the controllers and
it's found them this this has been such
an easy setup so far press and hold the
oh and the B button for two seconds it's
wanting to know how how tall I am
I don't even know how tall I am let's do
this let's do this now stand up straight
67 inches
what 67 inches in centimeters okay it's
telling me to pick up the headset up
down left and right and apart this
sensor tracking confirmed it was that
quick
no way stand up and walk to the center
of the play area hold one touch
controller at eye level squeeze and hold
the trigger on the control of about two
seconds until the countdown is complete
it says get ready to enter VR stand up
and face the sensor attach the remotes
your wrist and laniel put on the headset
are we really doing this right now
well it's a little remote thing right
I've got it put on the headset okay
adjust your lenses move their headset up
and down on your face until the
horizontal lines are clear oh my god
select your view where's the other
controller Oh My Jesus oh my hands are
here miss my hands this is mad this is
honestly mad look at my hands stand up
in the position which you plan to use VR
and look straight ahead press the select
button on your remote to continue oh my
god my hands are here Oh Oh My Jesus
guys can you hear it you can't even hear
he's gotta see what I'm doing Oh oh my
body couldn't it walk around where I am
though oh how you doing my friend you
scared the hell out of me but it I've
got it I've got it
look did I do good oh I scared it bro
what up whoa we doing is he mad
I'm in a box now privacy how get out
unbelievable
I see in the middle of nowhere okay that
is phenomenal it's been a few hours
since I've been playing with it because
I've been downloading all the games that
I got for free with it they sent me like
a load of games like digital download
codes so button download and loads of
games for
all of them so far as the tutorial and
the games are like 10 gig to download so
I'm gonna let those download overnight I
mean it's not a simple setup like I've
had to run a USB extension cables HDMI
extension cables USB hubs to make our
but it does track you really well and
it's super super super simple to set up
an oculus they haven't paid me to say
any of this all they've done is just
sent me this stuff out and I've already
played on it obviously event when I was
down there with Tom that was amazing but
actually having it at my house is just
like a whole different story
well I can't portray how cool it is and
I'm just I'm not just saying that it
genuinely is the future like this is the
future guys if you've enjoyed today's
video looking at the ribs and I'll cover
a little bit more in tomorrow's chill
blog then let me know in the comments
section but for now guys my name's Ben
Alex this has been totally wicked what
an amazing opportunity to check this out
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog adios
