don't be scared it's only a fake snake
Gordon guys how we learn my name is of
course Alex you found your keys yeah
what you're doing come on we need to go
really really rush right I'll catch up
with you guys in the car
this is an early Christmas present I
don't know exactly what this is I'm so
so excited
legitimately this could be Christmas
this is Christmas for me right now
well let me see if it this actually is
what I think it is I'm gonna be
absolutely just a static yeah yeah oh my
god it's what I think is pushing this
house come early Oh boss they've given
me a an adapter okay we got a slight
problem I need to be in London in well
it's what we train station in 15 minutes
I'll open this later I promise right
this can stay down here I need to go see
you soon mate have fun etting take plan
when you lead to the Telos and the
lights off and I'll see you soon when
I'm overseas of Christmas after
Christmas we were pushing this day mate
I'll see you between outsi between
Christmas and New Year anyway yeah
definitely right see you later
I lit up real quick LD
nice to meet you make mirrors that is
the best part about what I do absolutely
blows my mind
arrived insolent
but I have no idea if this is gonna work
on our I'm gonna go and try get in this
Apple store and buy some brand new tech
it's the best box man
since I told you quit
a lot of youtubers Nevadan aren't they
they've all got like the Volga all the
youtubers went and got the muscle
expectant wanted it was a YouTube on
or contacts in there CeeLo golbez yeah
so any promotion there they start as
soon as you put them in that it's not
charging it stops right double chop it
right what's the weather like today
I worked very well okay they sounded
quite effectively doable a father's job
so how much I was about to do you get
but you can put in the charge really
faster than about your hair rips
consumes more on the air pods a little
bit later such a massive shame about
those ear pods I ought to pick some up
there was so much bad then I thought
they'd be though like honestly the sound
quality I've heard of the youtubers do
reviews like marques Brownlee's saying
like are there they sound a little bit
better than the the air pot the ear pods
those air pods leaps and bounds back I
think they're better than my Bose
headphones I'm not even joking I'm not
even lying I was blown away and I think
I think I'm probably gonna buy
well video uploaded were meant to be on
this tube right now there's just no way
mad
wholesome day in London catching up with
my manager Jack and checking out the the
air pods at the Apple Store all the way
down to platform 5 going back it's a
good old new work in the machine okay so
just spoke to the man on the phone and
he said well I press the little help
button thing and he said if you drive to
the exit and press the button he's gonna
let me out so I've got free parking for
today
well that was easy enough free parking
for the day right
been to London finished it's finished
I'm so happy I'm so happy that it's over
and that's not me saying I've been enjoy
shooting the take photo 12 days of
Christmas it's just so hard
shooting the daily vlog episode every
single day and then shooting a video for
techno every single day and making sure
I do social post about the tempo videos
and then I haven't even done a video on
the main channel so I've had to
sacrifice that to do this but I just
wanted to test myself to test the team
here and see if we could do 12 days of
tech blow videos and the tempo videos
are the hardest production videos but it
the longest time to make per upload than
any videos that I make and that was the
real test to see if we could do this and
we've done it and I'm super super proud
of myself of the team everybody involved
that helped this happen
and obviously unbeknown thanks to you
guys for all the support
it means the world watch the others has
been left in a little bit mistake give
me three two one
I honestly guys I feel like it's all
over now
I feel like it's all over so I feel like
that's it like I feel like I'm shooting
off for Christmas this is it guys this
is it this is where networth now we have
now after today entered the period of
just chilling out for Christmas
we've got Friday tomorrow Saturday
Christmas Eve and then Sunday is
Christmas and then we've got to wait
till new year and then it's 2017 it all
goes so fast that it's so scary why does
it go so fast I personally think it goes
fast because we all have a good time if
you having a good time it's always gonna
go fast it's never gonna go slow if you
keep moving forward it's never gonna go
slow up in send this stuff called
diplomate someone recommended it to me
and they actually send me it and I think
it's meant to stop Coles violently
freshly brilliant guys all back from
London today now as I've said in the
office with finally wrapping up for a
Christmas I'm so happy about that it's
been an absolutely phenomenal year and I
just can't stop reflecting on it
honestly like the way YouTube is heading
at the moment is it a bit of a sorry
state it's full of things like it is
full of things like a bit we use the
word clickbait but like it's not going
great
because everyone clickbait you have to
click bait on YouTube just to do YouTube
videos nowadays
I'm not talking about that light I'm
talking about content that is just like
not meat meaning like all the colorblind
stuff just like the stuff that's like oh
and I really just hope 2017 this
disappears so now if you look in the
suggested videos I'm probably this video
which is just a casual vlog about my
life you're probably gonna see something
like how to trick yourself to die or how
to trick yourself to do drugs or I'm
gonna get a knife that's a thousand
degrees and cut some lighters open with
it or I'm gonna get a knife there's a
thousand degrees and cut open a battery
with it or I'm gonna show you some life
hacks about stuff I remember back in the
day when Yugi was all about personality
and people would literally you tube was
that much about personality people could
sit there and play video games and it
will get millions of views now I know
PewDiePie still sits there and plays
video games and he gets 1 million views
he used to sit down and play video games
and get 10 million views but yes guys
I'm gonna end today's luck here - Ben
Alex you guys have been awesome guys
stay awesome and keep smiling for me few
days for Christmas we're vlogging over
the hole of Christmas and every 2017
I'll see you in
