so guys this morning is a tech flow at
morning I'm in the office of bull the
lyrics speak around and by the way and
everything I thought I told you guys the
name of this thing this is the lyric
speaker or the glorified karaoke machine
is a lot of people like to call it it's
not a karaoke machine it's a lot more
than that people were saying I'm
actually getting over a glorified
karaoke machine no this thing is mental
and I'm gonna do a tech flow video this
morning with Jed so hi Jed to
demonstrate to you guys how actually
cool this thing is so that will be up on
tech flow soon but this morning I'm in
for a quick meeting
there's my client knows I'll talk to you
guys about that a little bit later
because it's a super interesting meeting
but for now guys it's tech flow time and
it's also it's also really heavily
snowing outside
guys I have absolutely just devoured my
pot noodle which Jed taught me to buy
I've never eaten a pot noodle before in
my entire life
jenny is curly downstairs getting some
b-roll for some tech flow stuff that we
are working on so in the meantime I
thought I'd talk to you guys about my
notes so guys I had a little meeting
this morning and I want you guys to help
me with my client work so I had a
meeting this morning off-camera with a
client of mine and they want a video
doing and in this video they want me to
go into their office their massive
office building and do like the
mannequin challenge but like go into
like all the meeting rooms and a lobby
they're like having a meeting and then
I'll go into the boardroom and there'll
be everybody sat around the big table
looking at the whiteboard that was
somewhat is presenting but it's all
going to be in the mannequin challenge
so everybody will be like still still
and I'll go around with the gimbal you
guys think that would look really really
class or do you think it could also look
really really tacky bear in mind this is
a professional business that have
pitched this idea to me this is what
they want and I'm just trying to wake up
in my head whether they're gonna see it
and think wow that's really cool or
they're gonna see it and think that is a
little bit tacky so any of you guys that
like promotional video in the work that
I do which I know it's a lot of you
please help me out here what do you
think would look good love to get you
guys involved today is a tech flow day
do I need to go and help jet out and
I'll take you guys back to the office as
soon as Jed leaves this evening because
we've got something to talk about
but before hey I doing bro what's going
on they're both both my cats are in my
room at the moment hey bets both
watching the the electric mover go
around there they're both not really
like
that much are you guys apparently guys
the forecast is really bad later so I
might not even be able to get back to
the office we're having a lot of snow at
the moment in the UK which is really
really cool so guys I've just pulled
over here right now let me just tell my
music down I was meant to be having
another meeting about the house just a
short one to finalise a couple things
that haven't been talked about before
like where I want some of my electrical
sockets in the house and edit it a day
as you guys can see because of the snow
that happened last night and they're
still happening right now they have rung
me in postpone that meeting so I've
turned up here and on the way they said
we can't do the meeting anymore we'll do
it tomorrow or a different day so I
thought hmm I've got a drone in my bag
I've got my little DJI baby spa my house
is literally just there you can see it
so I'm gonna take up the spark and try
and get some shots of this
so guys I'm lesions flying over this
field right now this is absolutely
insane look at the house this is sick
there guys as you can see here is my car
I'm just bringing this thing into land
we did get a lot of snow last night so
this is sick where's the drone oh there
it is
hello mr. spark and bringing you down
for a soft landing my friend sweet there
we go guys landed a drone that was sweet
so guys I haven't ever sat here in a
blog before I don't think the lighting
here is really really good this is
actually the the tech flow set where I
do all the tech flow videos hence why we
have to have good lighting here and I
thought I'd bring this pen and piece of
paper to this desk
I'm known on YouTube for their gaming
setups and stuff that's how I grew to be
Who I am and it's my main my main forte
on YouTube is everybody knows Mars bar
as the setup guy you guys have seen
we've got setups everywhere I love
building gaming setups and well
obviously it comes to no surprise that
well my first ever house that I'm gonna
own that's gonna be mine I want the
setup to be absolutely mental
five minutes later so guys this is what
I haven't come up with now I was
inspired to draw this by this Instagram
post okay so guys this is what I want my
new setup to be probably Alex what the
hell's that well let me explain so guys
this is essentially what I'm talking
about what I want to have is a really
nice wooden table which I ideally want
to build myself and then in the middle
you can see here we have three monitors
and they say eww on them which dance for
ultra-wide now I want these to be 34
inch ultra whites and then on the top I
want LG 38 inch ultra wide now just to
be clear with you guys LG are actually
bringing out a new monitor new york
tried this year probably wasn't meant to
tell you that so guys this new ultra
wide which you have to be really quiet
about from LG which is coming out this
year I want that up on the top of the
desk and then three 34 inch gaming ultra
wide on the desk and then here are my kr
case and the krk sub woofer and here my
PC tower and then I want some some
plants going up here and I want LED
lights around everything and Philips hue
and Bob of a bird but we'll do guys is
around each monitor we will have a
separate set of Philips hue LEDs so they
can go around each of the monitor and
then what we'll do is we'll have a
Philips hue bloom like either side of
the desk looking up onto the wall oh my
god I'm going to go mental then guys if
we get some trees either side and my pen
actually worked could already see how
this thing is gonna come into full
fluish in guys it's going to be
absolutely mega you vote we think it
Alex what's the point in all of this
you're never going to use it oh that
yeah I know that I know we would never
use it all just fun though isn't it to
put these things together I mean you
guys love it and so do i so what I think
this is what we're going for
but guys feel free to tag me in
Instagram pictures of gaming setup semi
game we set up
which is on Twitter any inspiration I
can get in anything you guys have please
let me know down there in the comments
or as I say on Twitter snapchat
absolutely anyway you guys have to
contact me all my social links as usual
down there do you think guys so what I'm
hoping for is well something like like
this of just on steroids at the same
time and guys check this out
you guys know this Aurora lighting
system that I got here which is well
amazing I was thinking of doing was
actually getting into contact with this
company and seeing and just seeing that
send me out a load of panels for one
wall in the new house but us to cover it
in nano leaves imagine guys an entire
wall full of these changing color the
whole way along anyway guys my husband
Alex you guys have been awesome guys
stay awesome and keep smiling yeah guys
go ahead and buy yourself some merch
it's shot Mars bar code at UK guys guess
what hey no surprise see you in
tomorrow's daily vlog are you chef rocky
why would your mother win
in the forest it's sad that the rookie
wrong with your father been alive down
placing
