guys good morning to you all how are you
all doing my name is of course Alex and
hope all of you guys are okay quickly
before I start today's vlog a main theme
of it of today's vlog is gonna be well
check this out
pretty sick right we had snow luckily
enough my drone is already in the car I
am off to Nottingham today to go and see
my mum and my mum side of the family for
Sunday lunch cuz there's a lot of you
guys know and I know it's sad my
granddad passed away on my mum side so
I'm sort of going down there today for
Sunday lunch and for us all to sort of
unfortunately plan the funeral but this
this weather is awesome my car looks
sick in the snow that's wicked I feel
like I'm in some sort of big 4x4 truck
going through it now we have a lunch
pizza
I'm actually not I'm sort of I'm sort of
just in a mini and I'll pretend that
I feel good
even it's even more slower than my mum
legs I've got the drone let's see what's
going down a few moments later that's
mental some car just pulled across the
road and the bikes in front of got a -
coming my car let me see what the
dashcam got this guy on the bike
okay so some guy just pulled straight
out of his driveway and these kids on
bikes in front of me literally just went
straight into the side of his car that's
mental killed a man in the helmet on
mental right they shoot my mom's now I
need to drive home hello MA Casey
Neustadt no Casey's not causing any
trouble no it was him on the picture
yeah put him in my thumbnail I put Casey
in the thumbnail of my picture because
people were roasting me come around to
Grandma's because she's having some
problems with her telling as you can see
there should be a picture on there
there's no picture but about consorting
this in two seconds
so go grandma's tele all working she's
literally she just wasn't on the right
input on the tele she's had the manual
out and everything all sorted now these
Mia biscuits with helping you out thank
you grandma
is that why you doing YouTube are you in
YouTube for the money that's so
disrespectful to your audience that's
awful awful youtuber you are how dare
you earn money from your YouTube videos
okay guys so finished at Grandma's
somebody has just tweeted me this BBC
article right here now this says YouTube
channels need 10,000 views for adverts
and then one of you guys made this
picture of me which says I support small
YouTube creators and one of you guys
tweeted this to me so if you didn't know
YouTube have actually changed how you
get partnered on the platform and the
sounds getting partnered is how you earn
money from the platform it's a lot more
to it than that but in a nutshell that's
why people want to be partners so they
can earn sweet dollar now YouTube have
changed the terms and
ditions of how easy it is to get
partnered and the internet has gone
mental about it but I don't think they
should be going mental about it so let's
chat so let's talk about this ever since
I heard the news the other day and the
reason was to talk about this is because
so many of you guys so many of my
awesome audience that I have here on
YouTube are also creators some large
some small if you didn't know guys what
I'm going to be talking about it's
exactly this YouTube has changed hits
its partner program policy so if you
want to get your channel partnered on
YouTube and let's just change the word
partner to like earn money from your
channel essentially you have to be
partnered to earn money from your
YouTube channel and now YouTube has made
it really really difficult to get your
channel partner do you have to have over
4,000 hours of your content watched in
the last year and then on top of that
you have to have 1,000 subscribers on
your YouTube channel or more right and a
lot of you guys are tweeting me saying
Alex I don't know what to do I'm not
eating thresholds I'm now a man earning
money from my from my from my youtube
channel but those minimum requirements
you know over 4000 hours watched in in
the last year if you break that down per
day well not even that in two months
it's literally about two dollars a month
if you were getting that you'll probably
be earning from YouTube ad revenue about
two dollars a month so okay this is what
I think about it so I think that YouTube
have implemented this rule in order to
cut down on the videos they are having
to look through to see if the videos are
illegible for monetization right
countless hours of content is related to
YouTube every every single second every
single day like with a whole new ad
pocalypse thing they are having to crack
down on it and now this is how it seems
so over the last like few years anybody
can make a YouTube
has been able to make a YouTube channel
and just click on the monetization like
that and get partnered and that was it
it was it was that easy right partnered
on YouTube back in the day it was like
figuring out the matrix right back in
the day when I started YouTube if you
eventually got partnered you got things
like having an actual banner on your
YouTube channel and I don't see this as
a bad thing at all I think it really
encourages people that if they really
want to get partnered then it's just not
as easy as that you actually have to put
some grind in and I can tell you right
from the get-go
I mean I'm this this right now this
video is being uploaded to my vlogging
channel which is currently sat on about
450 of thousand subscribers right I tell
you guys honestly I'll be honest with
you right I'm sat here at 450,000 and
there may be some people out there that
are trying to get to a hundred or just
1000 right I can I can I can assure you
that me sat here at four hundred and
fifty thousand subscribers on this
channel it's still so so so so so so
difficult right right now for me to grow
this channel it's so so so so so so
difficult and I honestly plead and give
all my sympathy to people that are just
starting out because it is so so so so
so difficult I think it's a whole what
you should be doing here is pushing the
platform into the future and being and
being realistic with it and I'm not
gonna sit here and say YouTube haven't
really messed up recently because they
really have it's making people that do
this for a living
right to pay their mortgages bills and
to afford to live it's making it easier
for them because well there's less
videos being uploaded that have to be
checked for monetization and for the
smaller channels it's making them work
really hard to get that 1000 subscribers
and that you know 4000 hours watched and
as soon as you get that bang you
monetized straightaway you partnered
straightaway and this isn't me defending
YouTube whatsoever I'm just telling you
my thoughts I still think YouTube as a
platform is a bit sickening and I don't
really like it but I enjoy creating
content and it's pretty much the only
only place that I can I can do this I'm
not moving to Vimeo
right then guys I'm not actually allowed
to show you one thing which is in my in
my closet right here in the storage room
and it's arrived guys for one reason and
one reason only amazed well it's for the
live streaming room hopefully guys next
week I'm gonna start filming hopefully
the final episode of building the
ultimate life dreaming room and then and
then we can start live streaming in here
I can't wait
twinklers Toby and I have had a massive
gaming session this evening as usual
guys it's Sunday usually Toby comes
round he's been slacking a bit recently
we both hug because of work we have been
able to chill with each other but he
came over this evening we sat there play
later pub G tried to order pizza it
didn't arrive so that's the thing
thanks dominoes but Toby's now gone to
bed and I am about to do the same guys
it is very very late on right now so we
need to crack on on Monday morning guys
I'll see you then
