get crafting guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex and today
today with Maria I want to printed off
some pictures and then Maria and I went
to look at picture frames no we're not
getting married and we do not own a
house these are for presents for people
for Christmas I then made a coffee in
slow motion
in other news
me
I made this totally awesome video that I
put out on the channel yesterday and I
didn't do any speaking in the whole
video was all of it was just a song and
a little bit of text on the screen I
wish my take this opportunity to give
you guys a massive thank you for this
this last year as I say we're coming up
to Christmas a new year now in this last
year has just been phenomenal only don't
believe it as go watch yesterday's video
I spent a lot I think it took about six
and half hours to edit the whole thing
together you guys it's been live for
about I don't know been live for 55
minutes now it's already got three
thousand likes guys I'm trying to hit
10,000 lights on each blog so you could
do me a massive favour to smash the like
button every time you watch my vlogs if
you watch these things every day let's
try and get a massive like number on
these blogs it made me really smile and
make me really happy guys I'd really
appreciate it right guys I'm gonna
finish my slow-mo coffee I need to go to
the office it's a tech flow day
yeah you should be able to map I'm going
in 20 so guys know a good start today's
vlog I want to do something today that's
well it's going to kick us off for the
new year right but to do that I need to
go home grab something and then come
back here
let's three two one so welcome to my
garage a lot of you have seen this place
before so a lot of you haven't I did a
series where I turn this whole garage
into a gaming there I then used that
gaming den for about half a year until
things like this and this started to
close up the college and make this this
whole thing I made unusable we had an
electronic projector screen week we had
a projector we had a surround sound
speaker system it was all cable managed
all my hopes and dreams just destroyed
but not to fear the man with great
thoughts is here that being that being
me I'm gonna take go ahead and take this
to the office and try and put it up in a
secret room which is gonna be our
brand-new live streaming room with the
projector now I do know that that's
really sad because we took a lot of time
doing a big series on this room and it
was the gaming den but unfortunately at
the end of the day this room is a garage
and things like this just take priority
unfortunately but it's all smiles we
move on to bigger and better things
let's get this screen to the office
another main reason which I totally
forgot to tell you guys the projector in
this room the one that powered this
whole thing you see this thing up here
this projector it's broken
whenever you turn it on it just makes
the most god-awful ticking sound and
doesn't display an image i've even
replace the bulb in it I think it's bust
we're going to need a new gaming ready
projector for the rumor about to build
doesn't quite fit in the boot I've got
it going down in the footwell now yes
okay so I'm not I'm not taking fail as
an answer here answer yes maybe this
projector screen is too long but maybe
maybe we've just proven to ourselves
that we've we've hit a brick wall come
to think of it yes this projector screen
may be a slight but then again as you
can see the roof is bowed like this so
no matter what projector screen you get
even if you get one smaller than this I
mean this one's not huge you're just not
gonna be able to get a massive image
there's no way so this may just be a
really really really really really nice
stand with a TV on it which is a shame
because a really quite smart object
right here
well guys what do you think what do you
think you think we could get a smaller
screen maybe I'm really struggling with
this one guys really really struggling I
just didn't think of this
I just didn't this is the failed I mean
at most a projector screen is gonna be
this high right and it's only gonna be
this long it's just it's gonna be small
it's gonna be stupid but I'm happy we
brought this here to figure this out
instead of spending money and getting it
wrong so what so what we're gonna need
is a really nice TV to go here one
that's got a low input lag for gaming
we're gonna need a really nice stunt for
it to sit on and we're gonna need some
really cool speakers that are gonna look
absolutely awesome this in there is
gonna be the little room in that bit
there where all of the computer hardware
sit we're gonna have LEDs on the
underside of these units here firing
down onto the walls and we're gonna try
and get ourselves a little sofa to go
there still need to figure out how to
get it through this door frame but we'll
get there we'll get there we'll get
there somehow
so from this beam here onwards this is
gonna be the live streaming bit and then
this bit back here
is gonna be done up as a tech flow set
I'm telling you now wait a minute
2017 2017 will be the year this kicks
off and it's gonna be so goddamn awesome
and I can't wait come up wait I've got
such big dreams for this and what this
says if you have a dream stop dreaming
about it and turn it into a reality I
can't wait to come here sit down on my
sofa take a little button and just be
live on Twitch playing games and
chatting with you guys are the it's
gonna be so cool it's so so cool so
we've been in the office pro about six
hours I was up there for about an hour
trying to figure out what would be the
best thing to do guys let me know in the
comments what do you think we should do
i thought the project would be a good
idea but then they always have in the
back of my mind I'm sort of thinking to
myself is the room big enough to have a
projector screen just it's a shame that
it's not I thought it'd be really cool
to have a projector in there but in
hindsight
we're gaming in there so a public best
of having a monitor one with a good
response time called the drill round and
everything to get it on they deliver fit
such a letdown I'm so happy that it's
coming up close to Christmas now as well
we have pretty much done 12 days almost
we've got one more video to record for
Christmas Day that'll have been our 12
days of tech flailing and doing these
vlogs at the same time woof this has
been like a mental journey and then the
video yes for this video was just meant
took me about four or five hours to
wedding Jesus yeah what'll work going
into YouTube at the moment and I'm
really enjoying well we learn from the
mistakes five-piece chicken celeb please
mate three guys arrived home as of
tomorrow morning
all the tech flow videos all of them
will be finished now what I need to do
in the meantime is look for a telly that
we can potentially use in the live
streaming room as well as some awesome
lighting cool sound system
awesome TV stand and a little mini sofa
it's gonna be a big job but we're gonna
do it and I'm aiming to get it finished
by the end of February of 2017 and then
we'll be live-streaming a lot all right
guys I'm off to London tomorrow so I'm
gonna hit the hay right now
- but I like you guys been awesome
awesome vlog I think coming tomorrow and
I'll see you in tomorrow's block oh yes
