yo guys I just want to say I really
apologize for yesterday's vlog
apparently the audio kept going out I'm
not sure what happened as I said I
record these things on my phone so I
apologize if there's any issues or any
teething problems we only just started
it's daily vlogging thing so for now
just if there's any issues be sure to
let me know in the comments section and
I'm sorry if it ever happens again if
anything happens I'll do my best to try
to prevent that I'm going to try and get
a camera to do these vlogs with which
should be should be better so we can
improve this thing but now I'm just
doing them on my phone so I'm sorry for
any hiccups that happen hope you guys
appreciate that let's get on with
today's block just a tired we have to
stay with me while we don't worry
just believe
as you can see this lot more vibrant on
this one isn't it than this one that the
camera can really pick it up may those
rapid and fast
whoa
it's 25 past 6:00 in the morning
just said I've said bye to everyone I
can possibly think of dad just dropped
me off at the train station I said bye
to him Maria still at my house I said
bye to her I've got all my gear here
inspire big case I've got my backpack on
I feel like I forgot something I've had
about two hours sleep I'm absolutely
knackered
train is just about to arrive
me
because you look so fine I really wanna
make it
