I'm home we've got a project to do today
we've got a project to do today that's
gonna require a few things so let's
gather those things now a lot like a
turtle and I'm ready to go
I saw a comment
what sort of comment is it Alex the
vlogs recently it does not like even
putting as it doesn't allow you've been
playing as much like video work into the
blocks they're usually just really cool
and really well aerated recently you
haven't been doing the slow moments do I
apologize I'm gonna try and do more cool
stuff like slow-mo now that's hot man so
guys welcome welcome welcome to the
necessaries welcome you to my office
when it's very uneven flooring and my
desk bitch drilled to the wall my job
for Monday is and I need I need to get
this sorted out today we're gonna get it
all finished until today this office is
a barge right it's a bodge job I put
this whole office together myself nobody
helps involved I made my desk I bought
this desk I put the computers together I
put it all together put that on the wall
and put the tally on the wall I put this
together I bought this thing I put those
things up I made this breakfast bar
which fell down you guys know about that
my desk was that much of a bodge it kept
like falling over so i've had to drill
it to the wall your only problem with
that though is that there's no space so
I can't pull the desk out so if I want
to change anything like my keyboard or
my mouth I just can't do it so I'm gonna
have to take the whole desk apart
this is what I'm going to be installing
onto the desk this new Mouse obviously
my new keyboard here and I've got my
drill to do this just gonna finish my
coffee first
this is just gonna be a thing an
absolute total disaster
oh this whole desk is shaking and
scaring me
there we go guys this is it I've sorted
out finally I've changed a few bits
around in the office moved a few things
around and we're looking really cool
though the starters have put this little
color-changing lamp here which are
featured in a tecmo video a while back
on its little charging dock all plugged
in there so that's giving off a nice a
nice glow you couldn't control it with
your phone so that's pretty cool it can
change color yada-yada-yada
that's gonna look bad for now and then
the desk wait a minute I possibly need
to change the color of these lights I'm
gonna switch the lights of there to
purple I've also put the lights in the
middle to purple and the lights there to
purple I'm gonna change this little bad
boy to blue so we've got route purple TV
and entertainment blue the editing desk
can be a nice orange and I can set my
middle lights to sort of a blue a tinge
and I've change that one to pink and
then that one's a blue it's a proper
light showing here like look at this
this is so cool isn't it with all the
LEDs absolutely everywhere colors
everywhere do we feel like the
soundproofing of that the probably we're
taking that down breathe so this is kind
of the brand new office setup which is
just like created and changed everything
it's honestly so wicked power lighting
can change a whole environment hey guys
check this out I've got the keyboard and
the new Mouse syncing color this is a
wireless mouse right and it's sinking
its color with the keyboard so they're
both the same color I've just shot on it
I've just shot on email off to Asus as
well the LEDs I have inside my computer
you can actually change what they look
like on the computer but I've totally
just forgotten how to do it hey guys
check you out this is looking really
really really neat if possibly just need
to get an LED strip up there and then
we're good to go right my whole Mouse
and Logitech G 410 keyboard that used to
be here I'm sorry guys but it's time for
you to go back in your original boxes
wait a minute what's this I think I
think we're onto a winner here boys and
girls oh look at that
that is so much nicer sweet us guys
office makeover complete
for today well a little bit of a
makeover change the color of the old
lights installed our sweet-ass keyboard
which isn't on business but computers
restarting but the charging map for the
mouse is just under the desk everything
or cable managed yesterday's video
uploaded last week we had a bit of a
weird week where I got punched in the
eye and I crashed my car and things were
a little bit strange this week I'm going
I'm going for the perfect week on
something nice to happen and nothing bad
to happen throughout all five days this
week and then we've got Christmas I
think I'm going to install a new system
where we have a motion sensor that turns
all the lights on an hour right bye bye
office you know you know you get one
thing for Christmas mate what would it
be ps4 or an Xbox
I think someone's gonna get lucky this
Christmas no three guys consumed all of
my tea yeah it's gonna be the year 2017
I'll do it I promise
oh there we go that's just my like
representative manager at
that who was on the phone - that's my
life manager at YouTube I want the
lights off so much nicer with the lights
off
there we go stop me better let's be
better cool tweet so guys yes I've had a
few ideas I'm trying to make some
massive plans for 2017 now I want to
make 2017 an awesome year cuz 2016 has
been absolutely phenomenal as you guys
will see in tomorrow's video 2016 it's
been amazing
I want to make 2017 better as soon as
all of us we've all had an amazing year
so far according to you guys you vote
you voted to eat meat a nights of
absolute love 2016 and what we're doing
on the channel and everything
what you doing 2017 well as a few things
I wanted to put together like I'm
wanting to really focus more on these
blogs and make them like make my
vlogging like this thing with this
vlogging thing make this like a
full-time thing like if I'm taking it so
seriously that's what want to do in 2017
I'm gonna try to do two videos a week on
tech flow and I'm also gonna try and do
weekly videos on Mars bar now I know
I've done weekly videos on Mars bar this
year but then there's been gaps like
there has been in the last three weeks
where I just haven't managed to pump out
a video on Mars bar because again I've
been so busy with tech flow doing a day
a video everyday on tech flow and then
these vlogs and then all the other stuff
that's happened like recently like I
just haven't been well I've had to go to
the doctor's I've been punched crush the
car yada yada yada you guys get the gist
it's like 10 p.m. now guys I'm gonna go
ahead and hit the hay I really hate you
guys have enjoyed some special video
coming up tomorrow my special video for
my one-year anniversary of vlogging so
hopefully you guys can watch that and
tell me what you think it's a really
cool video I was like I was almost in
tears when I was editing it because it's
just like incredible like what we've
done in the last year the thing is for
me it's all gone so fast but then
looking back on it it's just like Jesus
I did that and I just didn't even think
about it at the time and all of this
stuff crazy guys crazy guys I hope
you've enjoyed today's vlog I hate
you've enjoyed this whole journey
however long you've been with me and my
name's Ben I like - you guys have been
awesome stay awesome guys keep smiling
I'll catch you in it's a nice vlog
adios
