you
cheers man sweet guys I oh so goodnight
love cheers guys cheers dude appreciate
it
got something guys how are doing my name
is of course I like to welcome back to
another daily blog and today guys it's
actual kill box session for once we
always say on the Sunday's were meant to
just chill out have a chat recap on the
week look at the things that I've done
good the things that have gone bad tried
improve and reflect on things I'm so so
happy Maria is actually home from union
now which is absolutely brilliant so I
spent last better last night with her
and we watched inside out I think the
film's call inside out like I think it's
the pixar film where is like what goes
on inside your head and it's like it's
really cool it's really good film is for
kids but it's still really cool and like
your buddy just get me thinking like you
know when you're dreaming right when you
dream I when you go sleep with not a new
dream you're dreaming is you sawing out
your problems issue reflecting on the
day's activities now for me I hardly
ever dream like never I never dream and
I really i wish i was a person that
drunked a lot i never dream which so
sorry guys yesterday's video is just
gone live and before my videos go live
every day I just go on snapchat to let
people know my videos live and I'm
getting cooled by a fan now I'm gonna
answer its call live on the video right
hey dude hey bro you're right dude chill
it's cool no man is fine it's fine mate
is fine I do is it alright ever put you
in the blog not cook I'm just had an
absolutely amazing idea for a series
right imagine right if we could if we
could like you know people do like
omegle videos and I used to love doing
amigo videos actually meet you guys and
put you guys in a video imagine if do it
but doing i canna mEagle style video
where you can see me and I can see you
but doing it on snapchat
I was planning on doing at an eagle
video tomorrow night but am i doing on
snapchat said my duel at randstad brand
new video ideas mental look at that it
is just ridiculously hot stuff isn't it
hey guys quickly if you're watching can
I just try something can we see if we
can get 6,000 likes on this video if you
watching and you wonder youtube and you
log into my power opera life in a video
less if we met 6k they should just all
that as i was looking at that keyboard
the point of me saying this though is me
telling you guys about these chill
sessions we said that on some days we're
going to do a vlog but it's going to be
a little bit more toned down a little
bit more chill than usual we can reflect
on what happened in the week and we can
just look at talk and what look at
what's happened so in this last week's
going i have come back from insomnia one
of the most important events of my life
oh well it was after the event I got
home and I realized how insane it was
meeting all of you just incredible
life-changing so that has told me to
keep pushing on with the shoe cheap
thing because it's phenomenal this video
is going to be titled I have a lot of
news to tell you because I've got a lot
of news to say in this blog and because
of that because it was such an awesome
event and because I enjoyed it so much
meeting all of you in 2017 I'm gonna
make it the year to focus primarily on
YouTube I'm not going to try and wriggle
YouTube and my business mass media and
my wireless things I'm going to try and
turn down my Mars media and my wireless
business and focus more on YouTube I'm
gonna give it a go and that was my
outcome of insomnia the day after that I
went out into town with Toby left the
club really early because I needed to
get up early the next day to come were
called tech flow videos left the club
are myself as I left early got smacked
in the face at a taxi rank that was fun
my eyes pretty much better now and the
thing I've learned about crashing my car
Alex try not to be in a rush everywhere
you go you constantly in a row if you're
always going to hold your mouth
our if you're relaxed and calm the crash
window and then recorded a bunch of tech
flow videos and then unbox possibly the
best computer keyboard I've ever seen in
my life that has been my week in
tomorrow's vlog monday we're gonna have
to come and remove this desk from the
wall re cable manage everything and it's
still all this new keyboard properly
I've also got the mouth the little
sister to this keyboard we need to
install that too and I'm probably gonna
get rid of the extended mouse mat and
then the editing desk is well just the
editing desk Marty to change that up
soon but on the real though I have some
really important information I need to
tell you guys it's really cool and it's
and never thought I'd get an opportunity
to tell you guys but we've got the
opportunity and I'm think this is going
to happen
oh look at this and this all cozy
outside in the garden there's like fairy
lights above me and so guys the news
what have I got to tell you what I
forgot to tell you what's what son color
I got to say and I might be going it's
like ninety percent confirmed and if I
die I'm doing this it's gonna be so cool
right I think I'm being sent out to New
York just after New Year around the 4th
5th and 6th of January to go to CES how
cool is that CES is a massive I think
it's called consumer electronics I think
it's a massive show full of all new
technology and so many of the youtubers
ago I Tet youtubers that go and I've
always wanted to go but it's so
expensive and i think i've managed to
secure some tickets mine is secure hotel
got the CES tickets I get to make sure I
can get right but how awesome is that
how wicked is that and how cool of the
vlogs gonna be vlogging round CES and
I'm gonna go messing with other
youtubers and stuff is so cool so guys
if you want me to do anything at the
event like any anything in particular
let me know in the comment section down
below now and now is the time so let me
know but I thought I wanted to give you
guys a heads up it's not one hundred
percent confirmed but I'm pretty sure
we're going I'm pretty sure we're going
guys how cool is that just a little bit
of a a TED spinning Tobes new whip is
absolutely loving it check it
cuz I'm really really baffled I recorded
an outro last night in my bedroom it's
just not on my computer at all so guys I
hope you enjoyed yesterday's chills log
if you did well we're trying to get
6,000 like so that will be absolutely
wicked if you guys would contribute
towards that yes hopefully every Sunday
we can do the chill blog and it will try
and chill me out a little bit more
today's blog baggage recording today
which you guys with you tomorrow is
really really cool so hopefully you guys
are going to enjoy that guys for now
might as well make sure you guys been
awesome sales you guys keep smiling I'll
catch you in adios
Oh
