good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course I like to welcome back
guys to another daily vlog right
Saturday morning there's two things we
need to do first one of them and the
second one
sweet feeling super energetic now so
I'll hit a little bit of a brick wall
this morning Saturday morning I've
edited yesterday's blog the internet at
my house is down so I'm gonna have to go
to the office to upload yesterday's vlog
however that's not a bad thing I was
going to go to the office anyway because
I think we've got something absolutely
amazing to check out I think okay before
I show you guys what is on the floor
down here and yes it's been delivered I
want to show you how mega this is but in
my laptop I go I think into this room
here's the wireless access for the
office right watch how fast this takes
to upload you ready three minutes it's
one it's one of our gigs in size but
it's only is on 8% 9% 10% mental I've
literally just been scrolling Twitter
and Laurence's it's uploaded already
like it's done crazy right
square one guys it's below it's arrived
it's here while I'm hoping it's here
there we go
now you've obviously seen the title of
the video right let's open this thing up
and see why is going down and I'll
delivery notice a text message this
morning telling me how it had a it had
arrived and I tell you how I am so so
excited about this guy's you don't
understand like I want to see it's so
expensive right here we go this is it
the ROG claim off keyboard look at that
oh wow is so hot it's so hot
as far as keyboards are concerned whoa
now I'm not even sure if you can
actually buy this keyboard yeah I know
they had it
the on the store on store when I was
live swimming for basis or ROG
they had this here and it was absolutely
amazing I loved using it just felt so
good now I'm a massive massive fan of
courses courses rapid-fire keyboard it's
the best keyboard I've tried right thumb
I have to put these two head-to-head and
see what they can do right let's get out
the box we're just look around the box
first and you can't find anywhere online
like any pricing for a I think it's
about 200 pounds but really it's not
cheap really not cheap at all num pad so
it looks like there's two versions of it
you've got the Claymore core and the
Claymore now the Claymore is the one
with everything and okay in the Claymore
core is just the core core bit but this
is like a it's only been announced like
you can't even buy this stuff yet I
don't think right look at this that's
mad wait a minute you can detach the
numpad okay so got Cherry MX switches
we've got the aura lighting system which
works with ROG motherboards and stuff
picture the product here what we got on
the side another picture the product
loads of so just just let's just get it
out the goddamn bot you guys are just
like Alex get it out of the box make we
want we don't want to wait what are the
bugs one don't you see the keyboard get
it out of the box Alex oh oh my Jesus
Lord it comes in a it come oh it comes
with a oh my god it comes in a it comes
in a bag it comes in a soft bag
I smell so good and then that's the
numpad for it this is mad this is mad
I'm going to take that I'm going to take
the that's the number pad it has a
number pad separately and then there's
the little baguette came in and then
here's the actual keyboard I can't
believe it comes in this little
oh it feels so good I so easy type on
its small one it's tiny and then I'm
assuming this just here's the cable
absolutely mad Wow look at the back of
it as well and then that plugs into
there so I've got it all plugged in as
you can see all the lights are on right
I think I figured out how you do this
it's got this little thing on the side
here so you take you take this off and
then I think you take that out there and
then what you can do is you slot the
numpad oh wow wow wow wow
and the reason they do this the beauty
of this is that you can detach the
numpad so if you don't want it you don't
have to have it but the other beauty of
it is that but the other beauty of it is
you can put the numpad on whatever side
of the keyboard that you want to so you
can have these all as macros for games
and then you play in here and you've got
your macros here instead of them being
all the way over there
and then if you don't want it all you
can just take it off then please for the
love of God tell me this is controlling
the volume oh yes it is it is it is
Roger I'm just installing the software
for the keyboard on the computer now and
while I'm doing that now that if you
guys know but this is my little bit of
the of the office where I keep all the
boxes the products that are currently in
use there's so many so obviously I've
put the keyboard box up here now suppose
I'm going to use it and test it out
these are all the boxes that are already
in use in the product and in the office
sorry technology nos Amazon echo Linksys
Reuters power banks portable speakers
ps4 Xbox ones Mouse's lap dogs void
headsets motherboards processors my onyx
mice Master MX mice easy at power bank
so so much gear in this in this place
crazy about Xbox one needs to come up
here to is that's gonna be in the live
streaming rig that's gonna be up here
here you go Xbox this is your new home
for now look at this look I've still got
my day one edition Xbox one controller
I bought the Xbox one the day it came
out
and it says that on the controller so
cool okay looks like we're back on so
I've downloaded the latest beta version
of the software and these are all the
lighting effects you can do you can do
stuff like ripples so like when you
click a key it like sort of ripples out
like that nowhere where you can sort of
change the speed of the effects or
anything like that but hopefully that'll
be coming in an update this is a
keyboard that's not even released yet
okay that's possibly one of the most
expensive gaming keyboards money can buy
and we've just unboxed it and had a lot
amazing right let's go home
I am about to control em this project
that I'm just working on right now now
this is a four minute long video four
minutes long I'm going to be uploading
it very soon very very various it's
gonna be being uploaded to the vlog
channel between now and Christmas in
place of one of these daily vlog and the
spark behind me creating this video was
me just having a look through all of my
old blogs and me having a look through
all of my old videos and just seeing
like just how phenomenal this whole year
has been and I'm just about to surpass
one year of AB loading daily and I know
you got the term daily vlogger I
legitimately haven't missed a day like I
haven't missed a day of ab loads like
you know you get these you know you get
that daily focus but sometimes the don't
upload on a day because they don't have
internet or that of a laptop or someone
goes wrong I haven't missed a day like I
haven't missed a day at all and it's
been 6 p.m. or around 6 p.m. every
single day and since then I've like gone
to the other side of the world and been
to New Zealand and meant to Australia
and been to Spain and been everywhere
and I've still managed to do it and it's
been honestly looking back on it it's
been one of the hardest things I've ever
done in my life and I don't think unless
you do this for a year I don't think
anyone would ever understand how
ridiculously hard this is and that's not
a complaint of mine at all that's not me
complaining about it if it was a
complaint I wouldn't do it because this
is the most phenomenal thing I've ever
done in my life and the fact that
someone anyone can pick up a camera and
put it online and just record their life
like do a video diary of their life is
just absolutely phenomenal now I've just
edited the highlights of 2016 in these
vlogs only using this vlog footage I'm
going to be doing a another type of this
video but on the main channel where I'm
going to be using all the footage but
this one that I'm uploading is to
celebrate one year of daily vlogging and
just to look back all the cool days
we've had and all the cool things that
we've done it last year and honestly
like I've watched watched it so many
times and it just like Tony Tony bacon
sandwich you know what guys gonna mess
with you I think I'm needed today
I've sat down an edited of video
I haven't done that in such a long time
I sat down at a computer and edited a
video like and put a lot of thought into
it obviously I'll do these daily vlogs
everyday and edit them in a style which
is very easy for me to edit probably not
for someone else to edit but I know how
to edit my vlogs in the way that I edit
them and I know how to make it easy when
I'm trying to do something that takes a
lot of thought power I haven't done that
in a while it was really fun to do that
really fun to do that it's a sick video
well I've got to do a main Channel video
that's the only thing I haven't done
probably gonna do that tomorrow
amazing consoles installed Christmas
present put together for my brother and
everybody else office looking sweet but
we need to install our new keyboard
other than that everything is looking
wicked guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog here I really hate you've
enjoyed it my husband Alex you guys been
awesome today all some guys keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog our
ears
