morning guys how we're all doing my name
is of course hi welcome back to another
daily blog it's another daily box you
guys saw yesterday we did we did all
that well we do the most of the
Christmas presents what is this okay I'm
gonna cover that word as you can
probably probably guess what what that
word is this is some of the Christmas
presents that I've got for people all
under the tree already
some of them tech some of them not
however I haven't done my brothers
present yet
and the reason I'm doing my brothers
present yet is because I've been really
reluctant as to if I want to do this or
not but I think I've decided I'm gonna
do it and he's gonna go absolutely
mental so unfortunately I've run out of
wrapping paper something off to go get
some more wrapping paper and I'm also
gonna have to go and buy something to go
along with this but my brother were my
half brother he's 7 years old right I'm
gonna be the best brother ever right
he's gonna absolutely love this so you
guys know we've really done we have
redone the gaming consoles in the
ultimate sets about home we've got the
new Xbox one and the ps4 Pro right
before I have the Xbox one and Xbox 360
all right the Xbox 360 I've taken to the
office for the live streaming rig that
we're gonna do next year next box 360
well it's still stuck down there with
the controller and I think because
because I do keep boxes just into here I
believe kind of sworn I had an Xbox box
oh no this whole video could go to pot
really easily I love an Xbox 360 box but
I have an Xbox one box with FIFA on it I
don't think he's going to necessarily
know the difference between an Xbox one
and Xbox 360 but why I am gonna buy him
it's FIFA I'm gonna get him the latest
FIFA that can be played on the Xbox 360
so is that 17 I've done what can be
played on the 360 this is his first ever
games console right before we start this
mission to build the best Christmas
present for my brother I've got a load
more tech flow videos to film well me
and the janitor
but further ado let's get this finished
so you guys just arrived into into the
office got myself a little bit little
bit a fruit smoothie Jesus does sour so
here we've got about five more tech flow
videos to record this is really
interesting we're doing a tech flow
video on trying to find some super cheap
headphones and comparing super cheap
headphones to like a more expensive set
of headphones so we found these wireless
headphones for for $8.99 and then we've
also got these Goodman's headphones for
$4.99 and then these metal headphones
but again $4.99 and we're going to
compare those on tech flow to Apple's
ear pods that are RP for $25.99 and then
some Bose headphones which are RP for
$17.99 and see what the difference is
but it's been grinding it out all
afternoon doing text flow videos I need
to take a little break ed still on it
he's still going like a trooper right
Jeb I've seen a bit there's honestly
nothing else that makes me happier like
I get such a buzz of making other people
happy doing things that other people
that will make but you know I'll make
them smile and make them happy will make
them like just just like light things
and I like to like make sure I'm giving
back all the time
and I just know how little skin this off
is off my back and how much is gonna met
my brother so happy thank you
I literally just cannot wait to see his
face on Christmas Day got the game I've
got the wrapping paper oh it's gonna be
so happy man okay bro great ash today
see you soon it's really fun isn't it
Jesus don't crush a car don't do a me
see you bet
so I've got the game here and I've got
my wrapping paper the reason I went for
FIFA 16 is that a FIFA 17 was because
they wanted 50 pounds for FIFA 17 this
is an Xbox 360 then what is 50 pounds
for a game
there's no way considering is not even
gonna notice the difference anyway
hopefully he'll enjoy 16 however what I
do need to do is clear all of the stuff
off off this console and while I'm doing
that I need to decide whether it's
actually going to be a good idea or a
bad idea to put the xbox 360 and Xbox
one box because he's gonna end up
unwrapping it he's gonna end up
unwrapping it and it's gonna see Xbox
one and then he's gonna open it up and
it's going to be an Xbox 360 inside it's
just a bit of a letdown so I think what
I might just do is wrap the Xbox one by
itself just getting this mad thing all
day so I'm waiting for that to happen
let's just go and tap
and then I acted what's the secret sweet
God has just been in the gym where is
just been in the gym this has just
arrived from Amazon Prime this is a
dremel set my I don't know what to call
them what family relation someone in my
family wanted a dremel set for Christmas
so I got them a bit of another thing to
want isn't it yeah I bought them a
dremel set for Christmas I need to it's
a wrap that too so I've got the dremel
kit to wrap and of also I've also got
the Xbox to wrap now I'm just gonna wrap
it like this I think I've reset it back
to factory defaults so it's like brand
new so when he opens over Christmas Day
is gonna be like so happy I can't
believe we're doing this for anything is
right his mum I don't think she's gonna
allow it but you're gonna have to allow
it I'm gonna keep all the cables in this
room so literally all he's doing is I'm
wrapping this and then once him wraps it
I will go downstairs or back up here you
can get all the cables for him also keep
the controller up here too but then at
least it's gonna unbox this and I'll
also think what I'll do is just wrap
FIFA with it like that I'm just gonna
wrap it up like that and you'll have
absolutely no idea
now I've never wrapped anything before
like I absolutely hate I absolutely hate
wrapping things up so I don't know how
this is gonna go I haven't wrapped
anything in quite some time
and I usually leave that to someone else
to do so that goes there right that way
it's gonna go that way and then that
folds over there like that and then that
folds Evan I this is gonna be paying
okay this is why you don't go to
Poundland for wrapping paper Alex
electric tape look at that he's gonna
love it
- Jacob this is going to be the best
Christmas present yes we've done it
we've got the controller and the HDMI
cable and the power supply those in my
room for now and then on Christmas Day
I'll go down I'll go down and I'll give
them to him when he opens it and the
Christmas Day vlog will get his reaction
of opening of opening the Xbox by the
way quick back story behind all this my
brother has said he's wanted an Xbox for
such a long time like I
time he's a massive massive football guy
he loves absolutely loves football
he absolutely loves FIFA and he's been
banging on about how much all of his
friends school play FIFA on their Xboxes
and they absolutely love it
and he just feels left out because his
mom won't let him have one so that is
why this is such a big deal to me
because I'm giving him something that he
wants and that you eat and then I know
that I know that you really wants it
like I know that he's gonna just be like
mental well obviously
gobsmacked when he opens it and that and
that is why I'm doing this because as I
said I love making other people happy
absolutely a little bit I left my laptop
in the office it's in the bag right guys
I'm gonna go ahead and end this episode
here I don't think I've ever ended an
episode in the office before how fun is
this today has been super super cool
than the present for my brother I've
really really really enjoyed it guys my
husband Alex you guys been awesome I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog and
tomorrow's vlog is really really cool by
the way I'll see you in yeah tomorrow's
vlog adios
