good morning guys how are they my name
is of course I like to welcome back to
another daily vlog let's check out my
eye today what you guys thinking I'm
trying a camera ready 3 2 1 ah you know
what I think I think it could be a lot
worse so today guys I need to remember a
few things I need to let you guys know a
few things before this video start in
the description there's going to be
three links the first one being a
Twitter account I want you guys to go
and follow that Twitter account pretty
much this Twitter account is well it
just puts all of my blogs in your
Twitter feed all it does is post my
vlogs apps Twitter every day when
they're uploaded so you don't miss them
the second link is also a link to
Twitter but it's to a tweet that I put
out three days ago to a giveaway of a
GTO mega chairs if you want to win one
of these that's the link the second link
in the description and the third link is
a link to a website who do metal posters
and they've said Alex we want to send
you three posters I have no idea what
posters to get so guys let me know go
and look at them and let me know on
Twitter right let's go
oh no oh no this is the worst week ever
just crash my car
this first car is crash back what
chicken woman wait am here to make some
light on the job you guys then what's
going on alright cool so today was a
normal day I had some cool stuff planned
for the vlog we're gonna go out and do
some cool stuff now and I think we can
we're going to spend our in a car park
bickering with this woman
whatever legit just crash my car I will
show you it in a second my brand-new car
which I bought like just about two
months ago where I was out around about
trying to enter the roundabout right and
there's one car I couldn't meet the car
but I crashed into right what they did
right there was a massive nice big gap
in the roundabout so they went right so
then I went to because I assumed they
were going because it started to roll
forward so I then went and then for some
reason they decided to stop so then I
just went into the back of them this is
why in the dashcam because then I'm in
the car park and she's like we weren't
moving we weren't moving and then I was
like but you were moving but you were
moving cuz I wouldn't have been moving
forward if you didn't move forward and I
don't have a dash cam in my car so I
can't prove anything all they can prove
is that I went into them and that's it
going to buy a dash cam I'm going to buy
- okay this isn't really that bad
nothing happened to their car right I'm
gonna put some photos on screen now look
nothing happened to that car my
absolutely nothing I got a jumper out of
my car I washed it up and why literally
it wasn't even like a crash but I slowly
went into the back of them but he did
like job but me on the other hand old
black eyed Alex yeah his cars it's cars
in great shape I did want to go to
courage today because curries have got
like a massive tech sail on what it's
going to see if we could find some cool
light tech items on sale and it's our
little play and have a little bit of a
chill day that is Jeunesse collated into
going absolutely mental I'm literally
shaking right now I've never ever
crashed a car in my life or not
ah right I'm gonna chill out nothing we
can do now it's in the past we learn
from our mistakes as we always say we
never fail we only learn and that is
exactly what just happened I need to
learn to make sure but I'm watching the
car in front of me and not being
probably so close to them he needs to
learn if she's going she's going she
can't just stop when I'm back in the
office later recording tech clothes
tonight I'm going to be in here for a
good solid five or six hours from like
nine o'clock tonight I'm going to leave
it for now I'm a little little bit
shaken up it could have been worse
you see that bite yeah they go bit
cracking the bumper sweet houses exactly
exactly what I wanted
sick so Maria gets back from University
tomorrow and I thought it would be
really nice to like kind of surprise her
so I'm going to go and plant these in
her room house now boil some chocolates
and a cringy ass Christmas card is the
thought that counts at the end of the
day isn't it
well I suppose that's my good deed done
for the day right and back home Oh so on
to say I really didn't have a plan for
today's vlog
instead I've got this this Xbox yeah I
was gonna go to cruise with you guys and
try and plan some cool deals on some tag
and make it fun of mind that tomorrow
across some time but instead this is my
old this is my old xbox and I need to
figure out a way to get all of my all my
stuff off this console put it onto onto
this one here got a hard drive here so
we as I've finally got around to doing
this pretty much what I'm doing here is
copying all the games from my old Xbox
one onto this hard drive once they've
all copied over half a terabyte of games
I can then install them on the new Xbox
1s ready for streaming which I did a
stream yesterday and it went really
really well
what's going to leave that to do its
thing I'm gonna knit to Grandma's right
now my mum's at Grandma's I'm gonna go
see my grandma see my mum two birds with
one stone
hello Gumbo's tell him how to flatten
boxes out she knows that I get that many
packages for like companies that we will
open in the blog and just telling me how
to flatten boxes out so don't fill up
the bin mommy is that all okay in there
is that everything
yeah all right chairs gone down by bite
my mom I see it I see your new years
I've seen a phone lights on I'll see you
Christmas Eve
all right see mom love you bye-bye so
I've done all of my Christmas presents
me and my mom do everybody's Christmas
present together we have to be like a
team effort so all my family's Christmas
presents obviously you guys know my mum
and dad split up but all my family's
Christmas presents like me and mum do
them all together and so all of that is
now sorted I need to go and place them
under the tree and we'll have lots of
eyes on us when we do that I love
putting presents under the tree that
people go looking like oh we just for me
yes it's for you look at this look
without my mum all sorts out all the
gifts for Christmas look at all bag bags
and bags and gifts seeing other people
open stuff like I just love seeing other
people like this bit like when you win
someone opens in you've got them by just
seeing their face is just like
phenomenal absolutely love it
so I think something this week is
actually going my way for once I put the
hard drive into the new X bar and if I
just turn this controller on here
hopefully with a bit of love there we go
look it's copying all of my games over
from from the hard drive so there we go
that is all copying over brilliant now
that Isis redownload the game and it
will tape up to dude I would take like
days I've got so many games it's so
looking that you can just put my hard
drive copying over all done how am I
looking guys anyways it yeah I think
it's a bit better isn't it's just a
little bit red and a bit like swollen I
was reading the comment I'm just been
reading the comments on yesterday's
video a lot of you guys saying like
don't get better soon and I really
appreciate that guys thank you very much
there's a few people saying Alex you
probably just got smacked in a little
scrap that you're in do I look like the
sort of person that will get into a
scrap I've never had a fight in my life
and I never want one thanks I mean look
this week really hasn't been my week
there's been numerous things that have
happened as you guys have been told and
some things that you guys haven't even
be told they've just gone like just like
so bad we just gotta think yourself like
it could be worse every time every time
something something negative happen it
could be worse it could have been worse
right and like you have to learn from it
if anything negative happens you have to
take that as a lesson and learn the
lesson otherwise what's the point I had
a really cool idea what I'm going to do
with this Xbox but I'm not gonna have
chance to do it tonight I'm gonna have
to do it in tomorrow's vlog I'm gonna do
something really sweet and something
really really really cool that's gonna I
can't tell you guys cuz you'll figure
out what I'm doing it's really sweet I'm
hoping it's gonna I'm hoping I can't
take across it anything about it I'm
gonna do something with the Xbox
tomorrow and I'm sure you guys are gonna
like it however the reason why I can't
do it tonight is because I need to jet
off to the office now it's oh it's tech
flow time I've got a record like seven
more tech flow videos so I'm going to be
working until about 2:00 in the morning
so without further ado let's get over to
the office but wait I need to clear this
up first or commit that large so we eat
McDonald's consumed a few tech flow
videos a few more tech flow videos all
recorded up for the 12 days of Christmas
12 days of tech mess we are gonna head
home now try and get an early night for
once it's
1:52 quite early for us we're to go back
devise a plan tomorrow tomorrow we
really need to get the rest all of the
videos film up until Christmas with that
flow so tomorrow we can just fill them
all call it quits and that'll be it
are you asking about this by the way
it's pretty cool isn't it not quite
gonna tell you how I've done that one
slope with a secret of mine it is the
secret list of all of our videos that we
need to shoot edit and upload a ball
around the old Xbox one to put in the
streaming rig so I'm going to put it put
it up there so it can just fester then
wait until the new year when we do the
new series right let's go home I've just
got back we are looking well which look
at Hitler's music videos now just
reminiscing over like this the old music
and stuff which is there really yeah
it's fun really cool to look like three
and by guys I'm gonna end today's video
here I've had such a stressful week as
you guys have seen so much bad things
have happened but it's fine the caring
going forward and we love my mistakes
don't we that's exactly what we do right
- Ben Alex you guys me awesome guy still
some keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog I'll catch it yes
Oh
