guys okay you're not allowed to see my
face like because my face is bad enough
as it is like I get that I totally
understand that haven't done my hair
anything yet and i've been i've not
really wanted to start today's video but
look at my eye i got smacked last night
out in town lot honestly it's 10:00 a.m.
right now i woke up two hours ago and it
was a lot worse than this it was a lot
worse than this it is some somehow some
miracles happened and it's got a lot
better to be fair right wait a minute
let me do my hair first there we go if i
look like dead on at the camera like
look at the difference it's really not
too bad but this morning I woke up and I
just couldn't open it anyway guys good
morning how are y'all doing my name is
of course I like to welcome back to
another daily blog where my lemons take
this phone call
so it's Wednesday today I'm having a day
off work today not doing any tech flow
videos or any client work or anything
and I think I think if I just grab these
keys here and I can open this door here
oh hey mates in my eye you see it oh my
god I've got way I've got punch last
night yes I did
all right so jaws is here now he's
explained that my eyes not really that
bad that's good still gonna buy some
glasses today though so me and George
Graham day in town chill day let's do
this one two boom fuck
right so we've got a few things to do
today one of them is get me some glasses
and a little bit of shopping I want to
go and check out the touch brown the new
MacBook Pro but first off jobs if you're
a bit cheeky Yeah right on me I'll put
you for little bit pros I made cheeky
Nando's completed here we go brilliant
thanks very much guys Cheers
thanks very much guys thank you River
Lincoln go in there and tell them I sent
you we do some really cool glasses as
well check them out I just bought my old
glasses because that they just suit me
the best I think so we just finished up
a last little bit of like Christmas
shopping here got myself the glasses
obviously not going to wear them because
it's kind of getting dark right now
people who got the lights and on the
cars and if people got lights on the
cars you know you definitely shouldn't
be wearing glasses look it's that warm
and cozy in here it's pumped up my lens
I love the intro coffee house so much
2-hours coffee consumed let's go home by
myself
I don't think it can be any more
fascinating
because it's so mysterious
I'm seriously induced 8 yeah no worries
man and next week is Christmas a minute
right okay I'm just I've just let
everybody know one snapchat what
happened to my I put a picture on it and
I've also let you guys know on Twitter
my watch was about to go off a lot of
you been saying Alex please explain
explain what what happened to your eye
how did it happen before I get into this
I just want to say to you guys like be
goddamn careful because I know a friend
of mine his name's Ben I'm not gonna say
his last name he's actually 17 but he
was out in town walking with his
girlfriend around 11 o'clock around
Nottingham when he was getting some cash
out of a cash point and two people came
over to him and just beat the living
daylights he's like a close family
friend of all of us a close one he's a
family friend of mine like my mum knows
his mum didn't come out of his room for
weeks like right just didn't come at him
his face was all battered and he
honestly took an absolute beating and my
mate Ben who took a beating he's a big
lad like he's at rugby player I've never
touched a rugby ball in my life but he
this he's a big lad so I hear that story
a few months ago and I'm like Jesus
that's so bad but it's like so unlucky
and then like two months later no I'm
not bad at all like I took a beating to
the eye it's fine
I feel fine and after all it doesn't
even really look that bad like a look
like a complete mongrel anyway so she's
just adding to the situation like it's
not changing much but you guys want me
to walk you through what happened so I
thought I may as well do that I got the
train to town with a few friends a few
local friends that live around my area
got the train to town then I met up with
Toby we then went to a bar had a few
beers and had a little bit of a catch-up
just you know as mates do everything was
absolutely fine we're having a good
laugh I've never you know good bit of
banter a few of our other friends were
out in the club so then we went to the
club and I it got to about half-past
1:00 in the morning and I was like right
guys I'm gonna go because obviously I've
got to get up in the morning and get my
blog editor yadda yadda yadda doing me
you cheap stuff so I left the club about
half-past 1:00 and at this point no
one's going home at half-past one
everyone stays out too like half past
two half past three
another reason why I like to leave
earlier is because you know the taxi
rank is dead no one's leaving so I left
at half past one got the taxi right I'm
thinking yes there's no one there
brilliant don't hurt a bit now I walk
into the taxi rank place where you can
book your taxi and I say yeah if he got
me a taxi too and then gave them my
address and all like yeah sure you'll be
here in five minutes
so I waited inside the taxi place for
two minutes then went outside to wait
another two minutes in case he arrived
earlier I was literally just stood there
against the wall like this I think my
phone was in my pocket and my wallet
let's just pretend this
SanDisk SSD is my wallet it was just in
my hand like that and I think I was just
stood there just minding my own business
literally just like this with a big coat
on and it was about I don't know 140 at
this point and just where I was stood it
was like right on a corner so there's
like that and the corners and I'm stood
right right here the next thing I feel
right something just comes around this
Bend right it wasn't even a punch he
like he wasn't flip full on didn't see
me like slapped his hand round the
corner right I didn't punch me it was
like a slap right round the aisle I
promise slapped me and then my head like
because he slapped me my head like when
push my head back of my head smacked
against the wall and then obviously
because that had happened I just tensed
up my hand and my wallet was in my hand
turns took my hand and and he tried to
take my wallet but luckily enough hurt
ended up my hand so he couldn't get my
wallet out and then he came around the
corner and tried to take my wallet again
so I kind of like pushed him away and
then he ran off and at that point I was
like what the hell has just happened I
was just so bewildered by the whole
situation behind the taxi thinking
nothing of it I thought I know it's just
like me around the face it's gonna be a
bit red and then I wake up this morning
and my eye is literally like that so um
yeah that is what happened what what so
guys please just be careful if you're
ever out with anyone or out with some
friends I know I know it seems like a
very rare occurrence and that is exactly
what I thought when I heard two months
ago that this happened to my friend a
similar thing happened to my friend
Athol that's a very rare and unlucky
occurrence it's happened to me right I
mean to be fair like I'm not I'm not
gonna punch him back I mean look at me
like look at what am I gonna do to it
what am I gonna do to it like look I'm
not no half plea admit that because I'm
happy like I'm happy with who I am as a
person I'm happy with myself and I'll
totally admit I would not be very good
in a fight that would
be very good in a fight so or the only
thing I could do was just put get him
away from me like self-defense he then
run off and some people came out the
kebab shop and you know said that URI
and I was like yeah I feel fine to be
fair so at the time I did feel fine got
back home and that's that so yeah that
is the story of how this came to be and
I'm hoping hoping it's gonna be gone
like by tomorrow like it won't be as
read
like it's not really even noticeable so
I'm kind of lucky that it's not bad I
think it was probably a mixture to do it
because I was stood on my own in the
middle of like nowhere was no one around
me that's why I got attacked I have no
idea but there's people out there that
would have the mentality to do that sort
of thing and it's really really horrible
that is like really horrible really like
why would you do that someone but I've
explained all of that to you guys you're
now in the loop I'm going to go for a
quick gym session
well it will do the vlog right you ready
for this
so guys finished in the gym I'm
currently live on Twitter on TV right
now turn around I've got the chat that
everyone's going to start spamming it in
a minute gosh stop spamming in the chat
yeah and so yeah we've just literally
been live-streaming I'll play some VR on
stream it's worked apparently really
well and I didn't think it would write
blog blog blog here you go everyone's
chatting in a blog now there we go the
chat is going so you can see yourself
I'm gonna hold the camera there for like
five more seconds 5 4 3 2 1 ah there you
go guys the other go guys they got you
in there if you got in you made it if
you didn't I'm sorry well show you again
3 2 1
there you go right okay yeah we're still
live and we've been live like an hour
and it's been really chill and about
please loved every second of it and I'm
gonna do more of these so make sure you
follow my twitch I'll put it in the
description so we go so I bought my new
I bought these new shades today I'm
absolutely loving them I also bought
wait a minute I also bought this this
jumper so you're probably gonna see me
you're probably gonna see me wearing
this a little bit more often I needed to
get myself like a nice new jumper to
wear around Christmas time so I bought I
bought this woolly madness that why I've
got these classes up yeah boy this nice
little jumper up normally nice and jet
wheels had like 25% of everything for
like two days so I put it a bit silly of
me bit silly of me not not to do that
but the reason I bought some new glasses
is not because well just to cover up my
eye for a day I mean I haven't even worn
them today because it's just been dark I
actually lost my old glasses and these
are my favorite pair of glasses these
are my all-time favorite pair of glasses
these are called what's the make of the
make a club master that's the style club
masters of club masters I don't know I
just I just like these glasses the most
is not under the para glasses that
season my face better you prefer club
master glasses these are my all-time
favorite buses so what kind of can't
believe that I got smacked in the face
today that is fairly mad really mad
actually just goes to show that you
really do just need to be really careful
when you're out and about and just know
your surroundings and especially if
you're out at night try and be with
someone I think that's what happened to
me when when you know when I got smacked
hours because I wasn't with anybody I
wasn't with any more friends no one was
about so they saw the opportunity the
person
they went for the opportunity and well
I'm assuming they wanted to get my
wallet they failed in doing so but I
literally woke up this morning thinking
I'm not going to be able to do a video
today there's just absolutely not a
chance in hell I'm gonna be doing a
video today no way and well here I am
doing a video we're almost on 365 videos
now throughout the year amazing but this
video thing is super cool the stream we
did tonight was super awesome you guys
were absolutely amazing we had like 800
viewers in and I just didn't even expect
that and it was just a little bit crazy
and just a little bit a little bit
mental so thank you guys so much for all
the support as of reason and all of you
guys on Twitter as well commenting on my
eye and saying oh you're okay and
everything and I just really appreciate
absolutely everything I'll sing on
stream about this this weekend the last
weekend at insomnia that was like my
first meet-and-greet and it's totally
changed my whole perspective of this
whole YouTube thing absolutely
incredible stuff like I just can't quite
contemplate I can't contemplate it it's
just been immense
hopefully tomorrow hopefully tomorrow
I'll be better I'll see in the next
video guys I love your faces
oh yeah
