good morning guys how we are doing my
name is of course ilex welcome back to
another daily blog boy its 1256 like
almost 1 o'clock in the afternoon right
now I've been up since 9:00 a.m. trying
to get my sleep schedule back to normal
I've edited yesterday's vlog I've been
getting a load of b-roll for the tech
flow videos that we're doing the 12 days
of tech mess up until Christmas day it's
been absolutely
non-stop as much as we're going to town
with Jordan today I've had to cancel on
him unfortunately because there's so
much work to do the team and I are
trying really really hard to get these
tech flow videos out we really want to
do 12 days of techno so it's going to be
such a challenge but we think we can do
it and we're going to work we're gonna
be working all day pretty much today on
getting this completed so without
further adieu I need some fruit to keep
me going and I need to get to the office
let's do this so here we go this is what
we've been pretty much doing for the
last two hours of eating on my fruit is
there with my technology videos I try
and do what I don't try and do them I do
every single one of them off the tongue
I never read a script ever I just look
at the camera and do it and that is the
most natural way to do a video in my
opinion right so we have been working
absolutely all day non-stop as you can
see it's currently dark outside and my
guess is that would be enough a bit more
than we could chew because we've got
like three videos done and we needed 12
done and there's like three dozen this
one's being edited right now being being
edited for like the last two and a half
hours this this isn't gonna be easy what
can I do about it Jack and we can do it
yeah we'll do it this is the worst
decision ever this is our schedule that
we've got down for all of the tech blow
videos it's got a column that says
filmed edited and uploaded and you can
see a film the fair few of them eat
and loaded I'm sure the gelatin is gonna
be here for a long time editing these
this evening right I need to jet off now
it's go and hand these off to the UPS
drop-off point these are actually the
consoles and capture cars our Gatto sent
me about a year ago to do some work for
them and now they want them back to me
it's gonna drop those off at the
drop-off point then finally finally I'm
going to get a haircut that's what I
needed isn't it I'm gonna go drop these
parcels off then getting a haircut
and they're about here ever later all
right keep grinding
sweet as guys made it home well I'm home
for the date for the day anyway I'm
going back to the office a little bit
later just come home to make sure my
video has been uploaded yesterday's
video or the vlogs uploaded and I'm sure
plenty goes in the comments section and
stuff right ok there's gonna be a part
of the video where I gets a little bit
weird I'm getting my hair cut quick
shower and there we go guys what do you
think like do I look like a mushroom or
am I am I am I able to rock this I think
it's pretty good I quite like it it's
not very often that I actually get a
haircut and I think to myself wow I
actually like this this time you know
and now tomorrow whenever this video I'm
gonna go in the comment section and cry
just you guys look alike I like to look
like a mug but Alex it looks awful you
look bad before and I'm like no right
sweet okay a lot of suggestions as to
regards the livestreaming rig on
yesterday's yesterday's video so another
live streaming rig I mean I meant the VR
setup all you guys thought it was sick
that we can sit here and play VR I think
it's sick to my vision camera all set up
there but a lot of you were saying why
don't you just root the why don't you
root this cable for the psvr through
here cuz a lot of you told me that you
can actually disconnect a headset here
so we can hide that cable behind the
monitor and then oh we've got to simply
do its plug in headset and then we don't
have to have this cable down here and it
will then actually allow me to shut this
door properly see this is why this
channel is a team this is why we'd all
do which is why we all do this together
so we can share ideas we can make things
happen like all the things I do on my
channels we do it all together it's not
just me it's a community and that's what
I absolutely love but what I need to do
is try and migrate all of us stuff off
for Xbox on to this one and then then
I'll take it round to the office right I
need to go back to the obvious anyways I
need to see I need to see how Jed's
getting on yeah
honestly guys we're smashing it with
this tech plaything honestly I don't
honestly know how we're doing it
the quality of these tempo videos you
think you know what a channel does daily
videos usually that the content of the
of the channel decreases in quality but
this we've managed to make the quality
like twice as good and we're doing it
daily well we would be doing it daily if
the if it exported just clearly just not
working at all office I'm leaving you
for a few days I'm all office you know
now I've been in here far too long over
the last like two days I'm not going in
there tomorrow I'm just gonna leave it
to be itself um no quite we will carry
on seated okay I'm redeeming the Sunday
chill flog that we didn't have on Sunday
to today because today has been like a
very focused on tech flow and getting
all the videos recorded I'm absolutely
knackered I haven't stopped recording I
haven't stopped speaking to a camera all
day you can probably tell by my voice
but honestly it's me trying to shoot b
roll me trying to shoot like a main part
of a video and write out like a like
some guidelines to the video about my
review and then i have to give the
footage to the gelatin and then he edits
it and then i've got to make sure he's
on track and it's alright oh and then
doing a daily vlog at the same time and
then another point this week and next
week I've gotta have another one of
these days where we film the rest of the
tape live it is and I've also got to do
a main Channel video and I've also got
to do a video for this channel for my
one-year anniversary of vlogging so it
is all mental I don't know how I'm doing
this I have no clue how I'm doing this
absolutely no idea what they say like I
don't know what the saying is but it but
it's something like I'd rather die
trying than then like give up and
meeting you guys in person on the
weekend and opening these thumbnails
that that is riot rather die trying oh
my god oh oh my god I'm 170 50 pounds
and it's real as well why why have you
sent me 50 quid
why doesn't be 50 quid what please
please can you send back the card with
your signature thank you keep the money
what mate no
no one keepin a bloody
me hairlike tell you I just wanted to
say that keep up the hard work and keep
up the happy Alex I've watched you for
over 2 years and I love you can you
please sign the piece of card and send
it back - he's only put his postcode all
these put this his postcode he doesn't
put anything else that there's no actual
house name but I can't send it back to a
postcode dude Wow what do I do
do what to do absolutely zilch idea I
have to figure out a way to send that
back but I can't do that like that's
mental guys come on Mo's about their
eyes I'm right you to see if you get my
letter
well dude I've got your letter and ride
you say can you send back your signature
in the letter envelope there you go dude
it's going in here what the hell
YouTube like this is from you this is
like I signed the 50 pound note I'm
gonna try and send it back to him but
he's only put his postcode he hasn't put
like his house name or address or just a
postcode like that doesn't do anything
mate I've signed that to my friend
you guys should blow my mind like stop
blowing my mind please just say like the
fact that I did I do like it because it
shows it that all this work that I put
in like it actually means something to a
lot of you and I really appreciate that
but there's no need for this there's no
need I really thank you though and it
gets hit my meds and then I'm gonna
hopefully just fall straight asleep I
might try livestream tomorrow night so
the night that you guys are seeing it
tonight this is live I might try and
stream but for now guys - when I like
you guys have been awesome subscribe to
tech flow to his videos on there every
single night at 7:30 these go out of six
and I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog oh
yes
