good morning guys I have just come out
of the doctor's I've been prescribed
some things I'm gonna go and pick that
up now and I feel a bit weird actually
I've been prescribed something I don't
know what it's gonna do he just said
that I need to get more sleep and that
he says my immune system is like really
bad like really bad and I thought yours
had a good it means anyway let me go
pick this stuff up then we'll go home
and start today's vlog great so guys I
feel a lot happier now actually I'm
gonna see the doctor finally about this
you guys are harping on you about Alex
go see a doctor you absolute imbecile so
that's what I'm doing he said you're not
right and that's what I want to hear
what I've talked of to tell me that
there was a problem and he's prescribed
me something so I've got to take it
twice a day I'll do that the thing is I
feel absolutely fine in myself I don't
you guys they know it's take a break for
making videos for a bit that's not an
option because I don't need to do that I
feel absolutely finding myself like in
my head I'm happy I'm motivated
I just feel ill I just feel like good
well you know I mean like I just feel
like right so tonight it's all kicking
off in this room in this
all cooking off you wanna know why right
y'all know why I Tek flow Tech flows why
we're doing the twelve days of tech
notes on tech flow twelve twelve videos
and the funny thing is right I'm trying
to push it all to another level I really
am I see these youtubers right trying to
do like oh I'm gonna do 31 days of
Christmas or 12 days of Christmas and
they can't even get through it they
ended up saying that it kills the
motivation that they need to stop and
they can't even do 31 days of uploading
daily so I'm going to try and top it
I've almost come up to 365 days of daily
videos and to kick it off from well
yesterday by the time you guys are
seeing this will be two videos a day up
until Christmas on tech flow and my blog
channel together and then I've gotta put
something on the main channel as well I
just love I love pushing myself to the
absolute limit because I know that even
if I fail I've tried my best I'm
actually doing a giveaway for a GT Omega
chair on Twitter I told you guys to
follow my social medias cuz I'm going to
do more giveaways on all of my social
media platforms right I want to have
some fun today with some wicked VR and
make a really cool VR setup at home
let's do this
she goes
brilliant guys made it home had a bite
to eat I've had a coffee I took my
medication
it says on the packet that the
medication when you take it for half an
hour or 45 minutes after does it makes
you feel really sleepy so I've had a pot
of coffee to kind of counteract that so
I'm hoping I don't fall asleep very
easily sleep right now I think it's
about to rain there's no light outside
at all it's like 2:00 in the afternoon
right let's go over what my plan is with
this so as you can see yes I know room
as a tip we need to get this all cleaned
up before I even contemplate doing this
today so we'll do that in a second but
here's the plan
so we've got the main TV there and then
we've got the setup so when I'm
live-streaming with you guys I usually
play games on the monitors not on not on
my TV I play games on the monitors
because you know that's where my bats
were on my webcam it and that's where I
play all of these games so I play it on
here now for the PlayStation VR to work
you need the camera which is here so I
think what I'm gonna have to do is route
the camera through here and have it on
top of the monitor and then I also need
to check out my old Xbox one and the
Xbox 360 because I don't think that
doesn't even work having plugged in now
I would do a giveaway for the Xbox one
however I think I'm gonna use this Xbox
one in the live streaming room in the in
the office when that gets done but yes
we have got the the Xbox one SE and the
ps4 Pro we need to install here I think
I feel sleepy because it's just so hot
in here
it's just boiling absolutely boiling I
should bring a cool breeze in but as you
guys know slick wraps send to the Xbox
1s and the ps4 Pro out for use in the
main channel video of rebuilding or
redoing the ultimate set up so I can't
install those two consoles on this vlog
it's not what I've agreed to do so what
I'm gonna do is start recording episode
4 I believe we're on of rebuilding the
ultimate setup today and I'm going to
install those consoles and then they'll
be installed and we part the series and
then we can carry on with this video
this is the problem with running like
two YouTube channels and they're both
sort of in a vlog style
it's a bit weird isn't it where I'm
gonna take up a vlog card put in my
series card and get this recorded and
just like that these amazing
one-of-a-kind consoles are all installed
out with the old and in with the new oh
yeah that's a good noise yeah that's
good so what that means now is that I
can actually remove this this panel here
and I can take out these massive power
bricks because these consoles don't need
power bricks there we go
and then and then all of this is the
gear we need for the PlayStation VR what
I'm gonna do with this is push it just
just push it over here for now we'll
deal with all of that later
so I've done here is I've named all of
the HDMI cables so this one goes to the
elgato pro capture cards let my computer
for live streaming this one is the Xbox
360 this one is the Xbox one and this
one is the ps4 now as you can see all
I've got to do is correspond it on my
amplifier so this is Xbox 360 that's
this ps4 that's as Xbox one so I know if
it says Xbox one I need to be plugged
into the Xbox one HDMI cable just makes
things a little simpler brilliant there
we go the Xbox one is on all plugged in
at the back we've got Ethernet HDMI in
the power key and as you can see on the
arm it says Xbox one sort it brilliant
new consoles all installed now let's
figure out what I'm actually gonna do
with the VR it's a really messy thing to
set up but there's this box and then
there's cables and right okay let me see
what I can do so I've got here is a
blade from my own inspired drone I'm
gonna try and push this through and
there's to the end of the inspire
propeller just there I take the cable to
the propeller pull it through and that's
how we do it there is our cable there we
go it's all plugged into the ps4 we need
to stand and then we have the PS VR
camera and my normal webcam all up and
running there now if I get the VR
headset which by the way runs all the
way
my bathroom so I could technically play
games in the bath if I wanted to take
this through here we sit down here we we
put the headset on we turn the headset
on and pick up a controller and there we
go I'm in VR literally in VR it's all
working absolutely fine this is amazing
this is like literally so cool oh my god
I love this so much it is honestly like
one of the best things like I still
think when I play this VR look at that I
love how you can see the controller as
well like I play this VR right and it
you better stand up really into it this
this is really cool VR right but the
oculus was like so much better
I've only played the demo disc though I
do have some actual games that
PlayStation sent me to play like full-on
games of the R this is only the demo
disc so I probably should I probably
should play some of the actual games
before am I gonna fight a rocket oh my
god there's one there's only taken down
with taking down
okay you'd like to get oh my god I'm
gonna crash numb I've nailed the VR
setup at home this is so cool but then
everything is all Cable money's really
cool we've installed the PlayStation
we've got the VR down there that that
the camera for the PlayStation VR comes
through here absolutely wicked and VR
headset with a cable that goes through
to the VR box so we this is so cool man
this means I can live stream this stuff
this means I can sit here right with the
VR I must skull and I can live stream it
yes brilliant right all this led now to
do is well tidy this room and make this
look kind of presentable right so today
is the Thursday of the 12 days of
Christmas on tech flow I've just
scheduled the first video to go up at
7:30 tonight the tech flow videos are
going to off at 7:30 every single night
up until Christmas the first one being
on the Amazon echo and is it worth it
hey guys okay
hello right no worries okay
all right cheers guys see you soon bye
bye bye and there you go you guys no
doubt of many friends and that's not me
saying I don't have many friends that I
choose to not have many friends because
the friends that I do have a role 100
percent top quality and I like to keep
the friendship small I like to keep it
close barney is like one of my besties
putting my longest longest time best
friend and now he's going to New Zealand
I'm talking to news he's go to Australia
he's going to Australia for four seven
months he says he probably gonna go for
longer legs I know I know him but it's
hard to say empire when you know you're
not gonna see him for like X amount of
you know time and
oh dear I hope he has a good time anyway
and I'll keep in contact with him okay
just around her grandma's house she said
she wasn't happy she want some help with
the Christmas tree I can do it there we
go I think she's happy now
oh that's it for the night now Jesus is
literally 256 a.m. take Flo finished
videos rendering but both naka let's go
home for the night
recorded a massive three videos in six
hours right guys sweet I'm finally back
home from recording all the tempo videos
we got a lot of them down and recorded
for the 12 days of Christmas and all of
them but a few of them to kick us off
for well hopefully give us a head start
for this week so and guys let's smash
this Christmas period of videos I'll see
you in in tomorrow's vlog I love your
faces subscribe to tech flow it will be
on the end card and I'll see you in
tomorrow's with the Earthwise rock adios
Oh
Oh
