hey Siri turn on Aurora I so sick I love
it
guys this is gonna be the most random
start to a vlog ever because I need to
go buy a new bin this is what my life
has come to you today everything just
kind of falls at the bottom of it and it
just doesn't really and I've been
delaying it guys and I really just I
really just need to get one get it done
he's gonna get a new bin you know what
I'm happy there's not much choice
because this is really difficult
find a bin just one of those jobs that
need to be done I needed a new bin for
like the last two months of my life
those the room is looking proper swaggy
at the moment loving the new life that
we put up in yesterday's vlog these are
sick just need to get them to work with
lxa because they work with the Siri on
the phone but they can't work with lxa
so I need to get that sort on by the way
from now on I'm gonna start saying lxa
instead of oh I was gonna say because
then it doesn't trigger all of your guys
alexei x' but it does nevertheless guys
now all of you if you have the money
save up you need to get this it's sick
right guys I've got a little box what
you think is going to blow your minds
just a little bit and the reason why I
think that is because we talk
smartphones a lot on the channel I'm
always talking here about my iPhone X
and the problems I've been having with
it you guys know that I I play around
with this Google Pixar to excel which is
my work phone the top end of the phone
market well II here in the UK if you
know who we are they are a cellular
network provider here in the UK
I'm currently with them paying to my
phone contract wit EE on my main phone
because they're the you know the biggest
network in the UK but what the network e
have actually gone ahead and done is
made a phone it's an actual phone called
the hawk from EE right hold on the
reason why I'm finding is so interesting
is the price of it you've said to me
this is meant to be competing in the
world of thousand-pound smartphones but
it's $14.99 a month but we'll test that
out just give me a second to put a sim
card in this thing and session so while
this thing is booting up I'll give you
guys a few the specs it runs nougat 7.1
Android nougat 7.1 and the glass I
believe is actually Gorilla Glass on
this thing so I'm just got my
fingerprint onto the phone and now it's
asking me to set up Android page so this
thing has NFC I'll skip that for now
okay so I'm in two gigs of RAM in this
thing 16 gig of memory but you can
expand that with a micro SD card 720p
display on the front let's test out the
camera the same 13 megapixels on the
back and 8 on the front here let's test
out a photo of my camera on the back
camera considering how dimly lit my room
is that's really good
oh no your boys going for the selfie now
let's see what you get in the box
because they do say in here yes you get
a pair of JBL headphones like JBL JBL oh
like a big audio brand and it's like you
don't usually get good headphones with
phones so let's see if these are these
are good right I've only downloaded
Spotify in about two seconds it's
picking up 4G in my room you know what
it's even nice that we're almost in 2018
now and you get a headphone jack let's
keep these again but I don't know what
to say I'd take them over ear pods any
day obviously you guys can just get my
digital for them they're bad then the
best phone headphones I've ever used cuz
they're JBL headphones right one last
thing I won't get too technical but I
like this sort of stuff like speed test
system this thing has cat six in it
which means that it can get like 300 Meg
of 4G Rhyme sat on my desk right now
they usually don't get good 4G signal
here but let's give this a go whoa
35 Meg finally complete the test 21
paying thirty two down and thirty three
up how else to say please call out the
majority of the features of my eyes
and it's $14.99 a month it's also so
like hey you know what
good job right Murray's downstairs in
the kitchen I'm gonna go downstairs with
the ee hawk and my iPhone 10 give her
both of them and just see what she
thinks
right off the bat are you okay with
being in a video for a second yeah this
and then this one as well now this one
being an iPhone X with over a thousand
pounds how much would you think that
phone costs but not the same size like
that some quality of the phone like the
glass on the back the phone in the
weight feels like that's four thousand
pounds how much can you say that costs
800 800 you can buy that for $14.99 a
month how I don't know how it works he
just does trying taking forever that's
free awesome my favorite you've got even
get your phone camera doing your time
what's he think is impressive yeah it is
low light in here that's the thing
there's literally that light on what you
thinking $14.99 a month okay so just to
be sure
right if that's a thousand and that's
$14.99 which one would you pick
I told you so you guys device the hawk
from EA I'll put a link to it down in
the in the description Maria I think
we're I think we're going for a meal
with my family like in the next five
minutes so guys I need to get ready
it's not very often that I really ever
get to go out with my girlfriend because
obviously she lives in Manchester and
same thing goes my parents they're like
never really here I was working also
about the country so combining the two
this should be quite nice
a few moments later I going to formally
apologize to everybody for not filming
that meal it was well it's been a while
since I've been able to spend time with
my family and girlfriend at the same
time so I kind of wanted to live that
moment without the camera Oh guys I
thought we'd do something just a little
bit different today I've never done
anything like this before and I've seen
load of other youtubers do it and it
kind of looked quite funny so this is
what we're doing I tweeted out this
picture right just a bit for me holding
a piece of paper and you for me thinking
Alex what's going on with this let me
explain pretty much guys I put this
photo on Twitter and I said oh no
Photoshop please right now I didn't
specifically ask you guys to roast me
but that saw the general persona so if
you solve easily offended and sort click
off now but in fact I wouldn't because
most of you guys are just like really
nice like you didn't roast me whatsoever
usually when people do this sort of
thing they get a good roasting by their
fans but not ray I didn't you guys are
too nice a lot of you guys did this one
and I don't really understand the joke I
got a slogan Paul and I did the dead
body thing you guys know what I have to
say about that I don't really like I
don't really have an opinion on this on
him out I actually doing it because well
the situation was really awkward people
are annoyed that he laughed and then he
came out saying that well he laughed
because he was awkward in the situation
I
probably do the same I'd probably laugh
but off-camera it's an awkward as an all
could reaction that you're not laughing
because it's a hilarious situation I've
been in really open situations and I'm
sniggered and the one reason I'm angry
at Logan Paul is because all of that
happen the same day that my granddad
passed away and that's the thing that
means the most to me out of this that's
what touched me the most you know I was
I was just really upset that my granddad
had passed away and then there's Logan
Paul in a forest you guys get the gist
I'm not angry or upset about Logan doing
what he did I couldn't really care less
feeling I mean yeah I was bad but I'm
not gonna waste my time thinking about
it I was just annoyed that he did it on
the same day that my granddad passed
away probably think it Alex
hahaha this is the next one you see you
see you see what I mean about you guys
just being far too nice but you're not
roasting me at all this has got 56 likes
you know what tomorrow I'm gonna set
this one as my profile picture I don't
think my videos a clickbait I don't I
don't mislead anybody you know if you
guys click on a title of the video you
get you get what I think you get what it
says in the title I don't I don't click
bait I don't mislead I don't agree with
that personally let me know if you think
I'm a click waiter though because if I
am I'll change I don't mean to be I'm
just trying to get people to watch the
contents the whole point of YouTube
right I thought this one was quite funny
I just got Laird of LED strips but I
think the funny thing about it is just
how terribly it's been done like what's
this this is what I mean you guys are
meant to be roasting me here and you
guys are just point work-hard anywhere
is so cute I love you guys okay this one
is quite interesting I know a lot of you
guys a lot of my audience are very
creative people I love crazy people so
congratulations this one is sick it's
just like the photo inside of a photo
instead of a photo I think that's
coolest I have no idea I'm sorry I don't
know what that is but this is my
favorite scene from Sponge Bob ever and
now you're telling me say five Baker
drive rats I'm gonna call my voice there
that was looking quite
come visit us some more then let me know
I suppose down in the comments so
unfortunately guys Jacob my little
brother I haven't seen him for the last
couple of days and I've just seen him at
this meal this evening with my family
and I told him that I've installed these
new lights in my room and that he's not
allowed to go into my room or enter my
room until I get home and take him in
there because I think he's going to
absolutely love them so I'm gonna drive
back home now and let's show my brother
these lights and see what he thinks
cuz I think they're absolutely amazing I
want to get your parents reaction of
these lights ready on your phone so
there's like an app on on the phone you
don't know it's a video tap the color
first and then tap what what one you
want it to go on rather Jacob change
this one to read right then guys it's
safe to say that Jacob absolutely loves
the lights in the rooms to let you guys
know there's no other lights on in my
room other than the lights on the wall
they are super super bright there that
honestly so bright the video does not do
these things justice whatsoever color on
them is just so vibrant it's absolutely
lights the whole room up the only light
look it's coming from this so then guys
if you enjoy today's video like rating
would be awesome gotta leave a like
Barada name and if you haven't bought
yourself guys submerge the link as
always is down there in the description
go ahead and buy someone really
appreciate it what you saying 50,000
likes as if and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog guys adios
