guarding guys how are y'all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog I've just left my
hotel room I am currently on my way to
insomnia for the final day of insomnia
and it's just far too early for this far
too early for what you may be saying to
yourself well I said to ASUS that I
would dream for them and then they said
they wanted me there at 10 a.m. I'm
blind on Twitch today so I was meant to
be there at 9:45 the time is currently
946 so I'm a minute late and I'm not
even there I'm probably five minutes
away walk from thee from the event I'm
gonna try to eat you guys through step
by step of how this process works and
all the gear that they're gonna be using
for the live streaming over at the Asus
booth and what I'm gonna be live and
what I'm gonna be playing and I don't
really know myself so we will be doing
this together today kill vlog streaming
for Asus
so this is what the event looks like
before everyone comes in like this is
what it's like before like normal people
are allowed actually in in the event
itself but everyone is queueing up the
queue outside of your scene it's
absolutely massive yeah this is what
it's like we let anyone in it it's a
very very strange and a very surreal
experience to see not one in here
there's my boys over at the courser
booth and I am around here and then
there's the Asus booth I have arrived
finally hello
all right let's go let's go let's go so
guys I'm live right now at well insomnia
with with a says a Braden twitch chat
there's three cameras over there at one
two three and they've got the tech team
over there and I'm here with Rob and we
all streaming up and we're gonna go over
there and I've got a game station over
there gonna go play some games the chair
amazing guys you're
but these guys are now streaming on on
my twitch guys they so I need to quickly
run off to a meet and greet right now
which is all organized these guys are on
my stream next so I need to be escorted
now to the meeting great bit right I've
got the hood of but the thing is as my M
logo and my logo on everything so all
right ok ok there's all these people
here turn the camera around yeah ready
you made a lot of money out of your
music morning I mean what is almost
almost isn't that from early to you yes
a good question have you made to pay
millions of dollars no are you a rich
man
when you know it's watching me you have
a lot of possessions lot of money in the
bank position make you rich I don't have
that type of richness my richness is
life
my favorite youtuber should I say that's
probably get a bit above that sick so
that I'll say that's probably been the
fastest three days in my entire life and
just sat in the Asus booth right now we
have wrapped up the streaming for today
it's been phenomenal you guys support
it's been incredible on the stream oh
they absolutely loved it
I need to head home this has been
amazing and there we go back in the room
they have taken the pieces away cheers
room one five one you slept me well
sweet baby soon take me home car please
oh that's good isn't it please turn left
in 100 yards and then immediately turn
right insane of media so guys finally
made it back home I've got all my stuff
here on on the floor I just had it every
sort of shake got all my cables on my
camera equipment my macbook everything
in there that it's so out and then I've
walked back in here and then all of this
is just an absolute monstrosity as well
we've got the new ps4 Pro and and the
the Xbox 1s which we've got some slick
rap so I need to sort that and it's all
about - Oh guys I feel so tired I don't
feel ill I just feel tired I feel
drained I've seen so many of you I
haven't stopped speaking the whole
weekend like my voice my voice box
hasn't stopped the whole weekend met so
many of you guys so many different
people with live streaming it just
hasn't stopped it's been mental so this
is something that we are gonna have to
fill out in the video tomorrow but I'm
not gonna install these the reason is
because that is for the main channel
video the next part of redoing the setup
so all of this stuff out tomorrow but a
chill night in with taro plant League of
Legends and probably in pizza is exactly
what I need for my for my Sunday evening
what's been an absolutely perfect insane
weekend it's been phenomenal it's
changed my whole view on this YouTube
thing and this YouTube thing is a
massive part of my life so this weekend
has changed my perspective on a massive
part of my life
and that really really means something
so guys I've just had a quick shower
Toby has gone off to the spare room we
have absolutely demolished well we both
have for theirs mine absolutely
demolished it guys I've got my doctor's
appointment in the morning if you've
been watching my vlogs recently I've
told you guys I've put myself a doctor's
appointment cuz I've been feeling like
really like my immune system just
doesn't feel right and I don't feel
right in myself and I feel like it's
because I'm working too hard at the
moment but I'm putting a lot of stress
on myself trying to a lot of different
things and I like to be busy I like to
keep myself busy I like to keep myself
going and I like to be always doing
something that I don't like to have a
period of time where I'm not doing
something productive that really annoys
me and then if I keep doing that that's
gonna end up killing me like I feel
everybody needs a break now and again
but I just think it's taking a few like
tolls on my mental health so as I told
you guys book the doctor's appointment
gonna go speak to him about it
Toby and I have just played on the psvr
I need to get that all set up so
tomorrow we can sort all that out in
this room so we can live room with it
guys but for now I'm going today's blog
we have another children this week I
probably need to do one at some point
otherwise I will probably end up killing
myself with too much dress but anyway
guys man it's not like you guys been
awesome stay awesome guys keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's video yes
