good morning guys heralding my name is
of course Alex and welcome back to
another daily vlog this is probably
gonna be one of the most strange days of
my life because there's gonna be a lot
of people this event I think and I'm not
prepared for what I'm prepared this is
going to be really cool but really
stressful and I'm grants yes but without
further ado I got my phone I've got my
keys I got my wallet let's go
something else but your copy isn't
trying to leave the event so this is
right there's my Q&A sessions yesterday
all over here and I've just just come
back the event went back to my hotel to
edit in today's video come back to the
event domination of you guys I've been
outside the event for like 15 20 minutes
just let loads of you like it's like
this is mind blowing
mind boggling and I don't really know
what to think of it you guys have
changed my life going to Oman course a
cruise okay here we go
fans worldwide
oh my god
coming here to try and escape like a lot
of people that have been following me to
play some music know our gears of what
other thinkers do backside I'm playing
the new this is the new Dead Rising and
if I'm going to stream any games are one
extreme Dead Rising Sun absolutely loved
it rock playing right now absolutely
obliterating some zombies
I love it
so that was my first ever meeting great
I didn't even know I was gonna be
helping it was scheduled it was
organized I just had to come down and do
one last minute and OH
that was amazing I'm so excited I don't
know what it would be like top of all
people gonna sleep like just trained me
that was amazing thank you so much
hey roast against the defender day has
just been absolutely phenomenal
first-ever meet and greet and was Wow
amazing I the thing is the meeting bit
wasn't planned usually when they do a
meet and greet at these events it's on
the agenda well before the actual
meet-and-greet itself this was like a
last-minute one this it's not available
do you want to go into a meet and greet
so I was like go on then and then loads
of people turned that Morgan I would
ever have expected cause I think it
wasn't even organized you just blew me
away honestly edit blabber on about it
but honestly guys this means the world
it absolutely incredible that that would
happen to me I don't know I'm saying
incredible right okay as you can see I'm
sitting booted ready for the insomnia
pub quiz I'm not going to take my big
camera I'll try and get some shots on my
phone which is uncharged over there but
yes we've got some we've got some cool
stuff to open when we get back some fan
stuff which is gonna be I'll actually
cannot wait to open up right let's go
right eyes back from the pub quiz I want
to end this vlog a little bit
differently than that unusual and the
reason when I do that is because number
one I've had probably one too many acres
and number two I just want to say a few
words really and a little bit of a a
little bit of appreciation for you guys
and for this foot for what I've done
this weekend because it's honestly been
been so I so it's so like so I opening
for me and okay let me explain what I'm
trying to say so the fact that today
I've met so many of you at a meet and
greet which I wasn't even told I was
doing met so many of you around the
actual event itself that is brilliant
and then it goes the thing is it goes
one step further than that you guys
asking for selfies and autographs and
stuff which is amazing and then it goes
even further than that you guys actually
giving me presents right making me
presents right check this out the fact
that someone made this for me right
gonna look at this they've made this for
me I've made it right and I hope I have
massive appreciation for people that
make things with their brain like they
take an idea that's like they haven't
taken from anyone else and they put it
together and let them got an M logo here
and it's like on a wooden stand and it's
got some circuitry at the back of it
pretty much and then but there's a
little diode up here if I get my my LED
flashlight here and turn it on you can
see the diet is there when there's light
that turns off and then when you take
the light away this comes on so it only
works at night and you can see all
that's all of the circuitry behind it
and someone is like someone has spent
the time and effort to make that for me
and this led changes color and the fact
that someone would make that out in
their in their own spare time for
someone that they don't even know
personally just absolutely fries my mind
nothing that I would ever imagine like I
remember that I remember getting 150
subscribers and doing a face reveal
video and thinking that was the best
thing ever and now there's people making
things for me and it just genuinely
blows my mind here we go this is what
someone's given me today this is hello
I'm 15 and I met you and some Nia I've
been watching you since you have 4,000
subscribers
hey guys you can read read the letter
there's his name I'd love you to follow
me on Twitter guys you can follow all of
his all of his social media stuff there
this is amazing give me a second to read
this guy's because this is just this is
just thanking me for putting effort into
all the videos and I honestly it just
blows my mind like I'm just so thankful
guys honestly I just this weekend it
just made me like rethink this whole
thing and just think how amazing this
all this like what is this
that is a headphone stand a look this is
like these aren't these things that
people have bought like these are things
that people have made my handmade for me
taking time to make this but the thought
is there and then they've gone out and
executing it and then they've come
through on the boy to the event and just
wow man amazing guys honestly I don't
know what to say
I'm freaking gobsmacked right now
honestly the support you guys and all of
this stuff it blows my absolute mind and
like there's no way I can put this
across in a video like there's no way I
can put it across the video nowhere and
thank you guys enough right I'm gonna in
today's vlog here cuz I'm streaming all
day for Asus tomorrow guys thank you for
changing my goddamn life and I'll see
you in tomorrow's vlog okay I love all
your faces it is
