by for the weekend come on in guys my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog we're on our way
right now to insomnia gaming festival
I've got a panel talk at half past past
12:00 it's currently 20 past 10:00
let's see if we can shoot although from
Nottingham to Birmingham in just under a
few hours they suddenly have booked my
hotel room for me so I just managed to
pick up the key now we're gonna go in
and see what it's actually like inside
sweeties oh come on sweet logo massive
double bed perfect for TVs there but
HDMI got a little desk decorated my
videos massive roommate is bradley
cool-looking phone swanky but a little
unsweet going on oh wow got this bad boy
as well oh yes got my aircon I can make
it nice and cool or nice and watery I'm
happy insomnia thanks for sorting out my
room this time to your event and there's
preciate it thanks got my wrist bands on
and this this is the event we're here
and it's live
my name I think I'm on this stage next
I'm all miked up and all the hell's
going on I'm going on stage a minute and
I don't know what we were talking about
and what's going on I'm genuinely really
scared right now you guys you guys know
you doesn't break all I've like broken
down a few times so if I like try to
make daily videos like there's just the
pressure of it trying to make like a
video every single day even emotion a
lot of pressure involved in that closely
things happen and everyone's like like
my girlfriend's so she's like she's
really self-conscious doesn't like the
youtubes would you like YouTube she
likes watching the youtubers but there's
no way she would be in a YouTube video
like she's in the back of some of mine
and even when she sits in the back and
just like blurred out and I'm in focused
cuz I know can you not put that in yeah
it doesn't like it goes like when I want
to spend like a day with I can't really
because I got a camera with me all the
time so it's already pretty simple to
video and Daris feels good to be against
a real gangster
anywhere in particular
every time I get in that guy's just
reminds me how politics y'all do me I
really appreciate it thank you very much
you bought my book Malka hello you've
got my old car
having smart unemployment
if we didn't already understand what
just happened then pretty much this this
this guy's met me and he bought my last
car he literally owns my previous car my
mini 1d and he came up to me saying how
inspirational I am and he bought it
because you know every time he gets into
it it just reminds and keep staying
positive and that honestly it kind of
just like shattered my heart a little
bit that was that was just incredible
right I'm with the video anyway amazing
stuff so this is one of the smaller LANs
that they've got look how many computers
there are how many people are here
gaming I'm on my way now to check out an
awesome little PC build from Corsair but
you cable management needs to be like it
so yeah you know uni yeah oh that's
amazing
so it turns out all this Sunday this is
where I'm going to be live-streaming
that's gonna be happening all day some
day it's like 2 o'clock already this
event that's gone so so so the best of
it so many of you and it's only the guys
today has been absolutely manic and it's
still not even over yet I just had to
nip back to the hotel room to edit
yesterday as well get it all uploaded
for you guys and now it's back in the
hotel heading back to the event I'm
super super tired it's been like my
first time on stage today while doing
like a live Q&A session on stage and
then I didn't have a meet-and-greet
organized but like everyone just
bombarded me when I got off the stage
that was that was absolutely absolutely
groundbreaking so many of you guys just
I can't let you know how just amazing
that is and how amazing that feels for
that to happen to me and it's just tied
me out so much so thank you so much and
here you go haven't managed to take you
guys around the event all day because
it's been so busy in here but now it's
pretty much come to a close this is what
it's kind of like it's like a load of
stuff League of Legends playing here the
Asus booth I'm going to be streaming
tomorrow what's their booth over there
so anyone in their right mind would
would think that this is for one of us
and this is for the other one but no
these are these are both for me guys I'm
going to be honest with you guys I've
come back into the hotel room had a I
think oh how long five minutes late for
Rob one hour about an hour of an hour's
nap honestly today has tired me out so
much robbers had to wake me up from my
nap we're about to go and watch the new
film silly about about the plane crash
but I'm not going to take my camera with
me because over the past like a few
months every time I'm taking my camera
to the cinema it's just never ended with
a positive light so let's go check out
this film oh my god guys today it's been
the most hectic day I think I've ever
had in in quite some time
so first off it was one of the one of
the first panels I've ever done in my
life and a panel is like a thing where
you're like well as a Q&A session but
it's on stage as all you guys there and
you kind of just like asking the
questions and that first time I had ever
ever done this before actually gone on a
stage I always get asked when I get
invited down to events that I do want to
do a meet-and-greet or do you want to do
go on stage and I always say no because
I'm a bit scared of doing things like
that not because I don't want to meet
you guys
I'd rather you said what I'm gonna
wander around the event or day and meet
people instead of doing like an
organized meet-and-greet and also just
don't really think I'm not much of a
special person to deserve a
meet-and-greet you know to me and I just
prefer to be me and just wander around
the event with a big camera and meet you
guys I wasn't when I come across you
guys which is what I like to do but this
time did the mean greet really really
really enjoyed it some phenomenal
questions you guys were amazing
literally the whole thing was like
packed out and I just didn't think that
could happen to people better because it
has been Friday today most you guys were
at school but I like days like today
when the event isn't that packed because
it gives me opportunity to speak to some
awesome companies like I spoke today
with Coursera I have a brilliant
relationship with Corsair they're
sorting me out some some new custom pcs
for the new year and we are literally
going to be modifying or creating a PC a
custom PC with engraved glass with my
logo on and and Corsair slogan it's
gonna be a massive cross collaborating
project so yeah that's been today
absolutely phenomenal got some great
news from Corsair about this project so
hopefully that's gonna be absolutely
sweet as I think it's going to be one of
the most expensive computers I've ever
owned in my life and not expensive the
fact of like how much is worth like
graphics cards and different it's like
that expensive in the fact that it will
be custom and it will be
unique and it will be a one-of-a-kind PC
will be one of the most treasured things
that I own it will be like a it will be
a bit of our at the end of the day and
that is something that I've always
wanted I see people doing custom pcs and
they look wicked like awesome water
cooling blocks and things like that and
I've always wanted something like that
for myself
you just haven't had the balls to do
anything like that myself so it's
brilliant that I've got the opportunity
to work with Corsair on on that so that
should be coming hopefully soon so I
need to hit the hay guys because
tomorrow is gonna be even bigger than
today it gonna be hopefully serenading
bump so many more of you guys we're just
gonna be wicked
but for now guys - my likes you guys
been awesome stay awesome guys keep
smiling and I'll catch you in tomorrow's
vlog adios
Oh
