afternoon not morning good morning guys
doesn't work it's the afternoon as I'm
really doing my name is LH probably
thinking Alex where you going I know
everyone's really confused right now I'm
actually going back home last night I
got a really late train to Manchester
went to see Maria for the evening now
I'm on my way back home it's about 3:00
in the afternoon right now I mean a
massive mad rush I've got a pack for
insomnia this evening I mean that with
my graphics designing is going down
through something you're with me guys
we've got a few awesome days ahead of us
so let's get home and continue the block
there we go office office office all
right take it back out ox I'm sweating
right sir guys weird starts the video I
know I've come back from Manchester
summary last night which is really nice
she's coming back home over Christmas
next Friday so that should be fun we
don't spend some time with her what I
thought I'd do is go down last night
here for one night and then that's well
I say that's that done until next Friday
when I see here so that's why I've just
come back from Manchester well it's also
said on the train in the small tiny
little toilet a big few days coming up
for all of us right now even more so for
those of you that are I'm so near this
weekend I can't wait to meet you now as
far as I can understand insomnia has
been on today I haven't been there my
planet is to go down Friday morning so
more a morning drive down there and well
then I've got a hotel aces have booked
me a hotel because on Sunday I'm
streaming at the event all day for Asus
hopefully I'll meet a lot of you guys
I'm really hoping I am open Ella having
a lot of you got sick now this is going
back a long time for long time people
that have been on the channel I have a
graphics designer call Rob he's going
down to the event with me I'm going to
meet him tonight that should be fun I
haven't seen him in a long time oh by
the way guys sorry for just look a bit
hot and flustered I just walked all the
way in the cold from the train station
to the office it's taking about 45
minutes there's no taxis at the train
station but now I've done a bit of
exercise and full of endorphins oh let's
get now okay a lot of parcels going on
here let me try and explain here so okay
all this all the stuff that's in this
massive body bag here and then this
parcel here that is what arrived at the
pier box from from you guys said that
well I told you guys I love parcels in
the pier box they make me so happy and
it gives you something to unbox on the
video and I love unboxing things on the
pier box videos are due on the main
channel so that is that we'll do those
on the main channel another time so I'll
put those elsewhere for now but there
God knows how long I've been waiting for
the delivery of this god knows how long
- too freaking long and I know exactly
what that is and I think it's wicked but
before we go ahead and crack that baby
open I cannot wait I need to go to
Nottingham Drive to Nottingham pick
rubble go for some food with him bring
him back here back here oh by the voters
fro go pick up Rob yesterday's video has
just gone live I've just tried to apply
to as many comments as possible I'm
really trying to interact with you guys
in the comment section you guys been
absolutely smashing the lights and the
awesome comments and all the interaction
on all my social medias recently it's
been well been absolutely amazing you
guys been phenomenal right let's go pick
up Rob get some food chill out in
Nottingham and then I'm going to come
back and literally it's gonna be the
highlight of my day opening this box I
cannot wait
just picked up a quick five guys so guys
come back from nothing and we are in the
office this is Rob's first time seeing
the office I just come here to show him
around
we've just been planning out planning
out the trip that we've got to take
tomorrow morning then actually realize
whichever I should just found out myself
I'm on I'm on I'm on stage tomorrow at
like 11:30 so I thought I was on stage
Saturday I'm not I'm on stage tomorrow
much if GTA mega did that that just had
Local Motors on the bottom by our first
see you next time
well Monday when I get back from
insomnia right okay I told you I wanted
to bring more light to the vlog so I've
got this about this light here as you
can see so hopefully now we're looking a
lot a lot better in terms of like
lighting these videos up a little bit
I'm hoping anyway right we're going to
box here and I'm super super super
excited to open it so I'm going to place
this place this light down here like
this and then zoom you guys in just a
little bit let's go right I know what
this is and I know I know exactly what
these are right I want to get them out
they're gonna look super simple but this
is from slick raps right but what if
this is what I think is a care package
from slick raps right and hopefully it's
going to be absolutely awesome now I
told you guys I was waiting on some
parcels and yesterday's run this being
one of the many parcels done waiting for
now funny story the reason it took so
long is because slick wraps used a
delivery method to get these to me and
they actually got lost so they've sent
some mourn this is the second batch of
what they've sent me to the first batch
ridiculously got lost
Xbox one slim and oh my god that's heavy
the ps4 ps4 ps4 throw and a load of
these things I've never actually seen
the ps4 pro and Xbox 1s before in my
life so this is going to be this is
going to be new for both of us
a ps4 pro in jet black but I don't think
something tells me that this isn't going
to be in jet black for something for
some reason because it's from its from
sleep wraps ok looks absolutely gorgeous
can you guys see that there sneak oh wow
oh my holy mother of how hot is that oh
my god guys holy mother room yeah I
think it needs that it needs the power
cable okay Rob Rob says he's looked at
the Xbox 1s and it's wrapped differently
than the ps4 right I haven't looked yet
we're going to do this at the same time
right you ready for this
three two one I'm not even gonna let you
guys come up first I'm gonna look at the
camera oh my oh my look at that little
gem whoa oh yeah the controllers holy
mother of holy mole okay we're currently
waiting we couldn't be waiting on a
PlayStation 4 controller right now here
we go it's coming out there is a clear
winner that PlayStation 4 looks
drop-dead gorgeous oh my this is the
best ps4 seen in my life yeah I think it
is that it needs the power cable okay
that that is hot as I don't know what
Jesus and then the Xbox one just looks
like so cool like so retro so first
thing I've done is installed eat our
hero on the ps4 you guys know that is
one of my all-time favorite games apps
that you love the game what I need to do
is get like a nice little organizer and
put all my games in there like
organizing one ps4 Xbox one games and
yadda yadda yadda so obviously with the
new Xbox one air so obviously massive
thanks to slip wraps all of this I'll
put a link to them in the description
absolutely wicked wraps amazing looking
sick I'm not sure what I'm gonna do my
day one Xbox one I may you
in the live streaming room in the in the
live streaming room when we do it after
Christmas so when I get back from the
event on the weekend we've got a lot of
sorting out to do is regards to the new
setup and getting all of the games
consoles installed but the thing is
here's the thing right I'm not sure if
I'm going to even be able most of I'm
going to be able to be able to install
these in the vlog because obviously all
of this is part of the Ottoman setup so
I'm probably going to wait till Italy
the next part the ultimate test which
hopefully should be very soon but at
least now I have a functioning ps4 so I
can you know sharpen up my my Guitar
Hero game because that's what I need to
do here that is the bag full of full of
all the technology got some clothes out
here battery uncharred
more batteries charging there and there
and there
I'm taking all of these games with me
because I'm going to be streaming with
Asus on my twitch TV for - mr. Mars bar
all day Sunday
so you guys can be watching me live at
the event all day Sunday if you can't
make it down let's take this bug here
fill it with all my clothes and then in
the morning after a shower and get all
of my toiletries out or everything
together hopefully two or three bags
take it all down and we'll be there hour
and a half in the car hopefully tomorrow
morning we should absolutely kill it but
I do need to get some sleep got an
absolutely awful night sleep last night
in Manchester with Maria hated it well
that's holy harsh didn't mean that I
love to going to see Maria absolutely
love it to pieces I'd love going to see
I just couldn't sleep for some reason I
had a lot on my mind and I was just like
me if you're watching which you probably
are I didn't mean to say that I've just
meant I couldn't sleep so I'm actually
on a panel tomorrow morning as I've told
you guys at the event at like half past
midday
I'll past 12:00 I'm doing like a live
talk thing and I thought that wasn't a
Saturday so just means I got to go down
a little bit earlier get up like 8:00 in
the morning
and head down to the event so hopefully
the traffic isn't too bad I don't forget
to close up and I can get there get into
my hotel and then get to the panel and
chat with you guys live at the event on
the live Q&A session so guys for now -
relics you guys been awesome going to
stay awesome
keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's blog I'm so busy tomorrow so
don't know I'm gonna edit this hopefully
so for six job like that'd be wicked
addy yes
some monk
