so before I stop this video this is so
funny this is a shout-out to to Barney's
mom how you doing okay so she said to me
last night when I went out to see them
but apparently if you're right-handed
you put your I think it was if you're
right-handed you put when you put your
trousers on in the morning you put your
left leg in the right side or the right
something like that and apparently if
you're left-handed I'm left-handed I'm
part of the left Union you put your left
leg in the right side of you so many of
you trousers anyway guys let's get on
with today's video good morning guys how
are you doing my name is of course Alex
God my cold man goon
testing is that better there we go
hopefully all of you guys are doing
alright better than better than me and
my horrible cold anyway
brilliant guys have just finished up my
Wednesday morning meeting I had a
meeting in Costa with someone get this
they own a massive hotel right and they
want Wi-Fi throughout the hotel for the
customers this be a big job if it goes
through and I'm thinking I'm thinking is
it is gonna go through because they seem
really keen to get this done right
having had anything to eat all day so
I'm just gonna go quickly
grab some food so tell you what when you
have absolutely nothing to eat all day
and numerous coffees it goes straight to
your stomach and I do just feel a little
bit strange what we were okay as I said
I've been way too many carbs this
morning had a mental really good meeting
which has been really productive and
hopefully if this going to be a massive
job for me I'm wiring up and it's sort
of wireless and out in a hotel but this
is a big job and it will be a very well
paid job as well which is really cool
right I'm gonna eat at my subway to
hopefully soak up all of that coffee
that's in my stomach honestly if you're
a massive meat fan get yourself a subway
you want chicken tikka and bacon boom
amazing this is this and there you go
but it's how it's done let's get some
light up on in here let's get some
lights on right now there we go so this
room over this last week on Monday we
actually over hold it we tied it the
whole place up it's looking a lot more
sleep now everything is in its place
there's no cables messing about we've
got this thing that's definitely meant
to be in a bathrooms we managed to well
we put it in here and it hides
slow editing Bay has been on absolute
fire this last week as you guys know
we're doing the 12 days of tech mess on
tech flight as soon as it hits the 12 up
until the 25th there's gonna be videos
every day on tech flow as well as this
channel as well and I'm actually I'm
actually really really really excited to
take a look at this thing it's come all
the way from Hong Kong and I think I
know what it is I'm pretty sure I know
what this thing is gonna go ahead and
get my nail scissors I really did need
to get a flint knife for these how
they're gonna be a massive gimmick or
it's gonna be really cool and you know
what optimism is always best be
optimistic look forward to things I'm
hoping this is gonna be really cool
instead of just absolutely suck okay
guys look a bit of a sneak peak here
have like a first purp what is this
oh my well I think you guys I know what
it is I don't really know what it is I
know what it does but I don't really
know I never know how it does it and I
don't really get the point of it at all
but okay you guys can say that how you
want to I do not know how to pronounce
that we've been made in China got a QR
code there and there's absolutely
nothing on the box that tells you what
it is or all there is is this picture
here and if I'm gonna be honest with you
these are the products that I excite me
excite me the most these like Chinese
these like Chinese products that are
just like hiked up and I don't know
these just excite me the most so I can
definitely plug this in I live in the UK
that's not a UK plug oh dear
I think that was meant to be inside of
that whoo there's a remote with it I
have no idea what this thing does
I feel like ah that's pretty cool well
let's have a look at this thing together
we've got an instruction manual but
we'll discard that for now let's get
straight into this bad boy right I think
this is oh my okay it's turned on and it
just said Android is starting so this
thing is powered what the hell is this
--home --home chilean radio I'm gonna
click on the network settings and
connect this thing up to my Wi-Fi I
still have no idea what this is like
what's its purpose I'm going to log into
Spotify and what I think this is is a
Bluetooth speaker but like with an
Android phone or like tablet mini tablet
built into it so you have all your apps
on here what you do is you connect to
this thing like a Bluetooth speaker but
over the network so you click devices
it's called the p1 so if I click that
paw report is brought up on my Spotify
playlists here who can watch youtube
videos right so my name is Alex and
welcome back to episode 2 I'm redoing
the awesome setup I've arrived to our
home base and I'm gonna go in I just get
inspiration look at the quality of the
screen it's so good but even if I have
an item that you can actually buy I've
never seen tech like this before but I'm
gonna take this thing home and see if I
can see if I can like plug it in find an
adapter to get this thing charged look
it's not like those wallpapers on it now
so cool so let's take your home but
before that I'm gonna go pick up the PIO
box I'll just come to cover Pierre box
well it just thought it looks like a
body bag you guys went all out on the
parcels this is gonna be so fun to open
I love opening parcels
I'm gonna quickly go to the gym and then
then have some tea then have a shower
let's leave it to charge and have a play
with it play with it tomorrow guys how
does how does that look for video
lighting am i far too overexposed now
just realize that when I've been
watching my vlogs are recording these
logs all I've had is the hue lights on
and then well this is what I kind of
look like when I'm just not random
record in the vlogs normally and that is
worth some added lights what do you guys
think right so I feel like I need to
dedicate a full-on section of the vlog
to this topic because the amount of
comments that I've seen sorry I put this
coat on because I'm not feeling the best
yeah obviously in so many comments and I
thought I just need to address this in
in a video in in the video for now been
to the gym had a shower as you can see
I'm super super tired I've been working
so hard on tech flow and doing all these
blogs recently as you guys know a bit of
video yesterday titled you know how much
you think I'm gonna build through this
is gonna be the hardest thing I've ever
done and I'm literally get uploading
from the twelve two videos a day up
until Christmas day which is absolutely
but I don't know how I'm gonna do that
you know what they always say if you're
not struggling you're not doing
something right so I'm obviously doing
something right
so pretty much here's the rundown what
you guys have been asking is Alex it's
been two weeks two or three weeks since
you've uploaded on the main channel what
what the hell's going down and now I
would 100% love to record part three and
get it up as soon as possible I didn't
want to get this series finished before
Christmas so after Christmas we could
start doing the live streaming rig
series hopefully I've got some brand new
games consoles coming I've got some VR
coming about some oculus rift coming
with the touch controllers I've got a
brand-new mega PC to build on a live
Street something that's going to be
replacing this to add a personal touch
but it's taking a lot longer than usual
to get the products to arrive which is
absolutely fine it's coming up to the
end of the year all of these companies
are really busy box at the bottom end of
this story is that no this series isn't
finished at all we've still got a fair
bit to do we've still got a massive live
stream to do so I can't give you guys a
date for the live stream but as soon as
I have all the parts ready and I'll of
course I'll give you guys in it of
course I will basically one of the
massive ones hopefully we can get
upwards of like six seven thousand views
in the live stream consecutively we can
all chat and build a PC together in this
room I absolutely love
doing that with you guys so there's a
lot going on at the moment guys a lot
going on and it's it's just a lot for me
at the moment and I'm trying to take it
all in and I'm trying to get everything
on board and from this way everything
out
oh so hopefully we've got a certain well
we've got some cool still come with a
future but just can't keep you guys
dates yet but anyway guys I'm gonna when
today's vlog here - but Alex you guys
have been awesome guys - and keep
smiling
I love you faces I catch you in
tomorrow's vlog adios
