good morning guys how are y'all doing my
name is of course I like to welcome back
to another daily vlog I've just woken up
it's super super early but with the
earliest I've got well all week I know
we're only on Tuesday right now probably
the earliest I've got up in like the
last week and it's so cold
check out this frost outside
Alexa what's the weather like today in
Nottingham it's 2 degrees with fog
oh well that's exciting sir oh you guys
pumped up in the Christmas spirit
because I know I am I've got as I say
super early this morning because well
I've got up super early this morning
because we go into the office to start
recording a massive batch of tech flow
videos so you know one do daily videos
on this channel and I have done four
pretty much the last year now well
starting the 12th of December which is
next Monday there's going to be daily
videos on tech flow - how crazy on tech
flow don't say I don't put the effort in
because I'm really trying with this up
until Christmas but what would life be
without a challenge
but once the parcels arrived and
actually I will I think I'm at 99
percent sure I know what that bad boy is
so I think you know what we'll open it
in in tomorrow's video because to be
further I actually really want to open
it but I'm going to resist the
temptation and do it tomorrow right okay
if you're a longtime viewer of mine
you'll know that I've been kind of
obsessing over the fact to try and get
all record or take some photos and get
them on a royalty-free website so people
can then use my work royalty-free and
actually you know earn money from it and
put my work in their own work that's
something I've always always wanted to
do and if you skip back to one of my
older videos when I was in Antwerp I
said I said this and you guys know that
website graphics stock that do like the
stock photos that you could just buy
I've always wanted to put some of like
my own work on there that people can use
in their own project videoblocks saw
that and was like Alex we wanted to do
it for us but we want you to do video
instead and as soon as you know I've
kind of like videos too I thought why
not and they said they're what I just
sponsor one of my vlogs so if you guys
have got any projects coming up and I'm
hopefully going to do a lot more of this
when I get the drone back right
and go and get those a drone cool drone
footage and get it on video blots people
to use but I'm also going to do some
stuff with the camera I'm gonna go do
some stuff today and try and experiment
with it but pretty much when I get my
stuff on video blocks you guys can go
download it and use it in your own in
your own videos and they said they want
to sponsor this vlog and I've got to put
a link in the description and the link
of the description is video blocks
forward slash holidays and you'll get
50% off one year of video blocks
obviously it is a paid service now what
you guys know the recent rubbish has
been happening with YouTube people
getting copyright strikes like Brian
said this sub box not working well if
you want to use some royalty-free stuff
then you can use video blocks in YouTube
and it's a non copyright structure you
have
control over that to get your videos and
stuff back with video blocks that
everything is just yours and even if my
videos that I end up putting on there
absolutely rubbish they've got like over
two million other videos you can use
we're currently in the process of making
a hell load of tech flow videos but I
need to run now I really want to I
really want to open this but I know well
I know what it is and it's really cool
but I'm gonna open it tomorrow jet yeah
house video coming right bro I need to
head turn off the lights when you leave
to tell you when you leave and I'll too
much fun on the VR and edit air flow
videos I've seen a bit mate
now I have arrived at this rather
mysterious location
I don't want cars please now this is
gonna be my first location to try shoot
a little bit of stock footage for other
people to use in there just need to wait
for the goddamn cars to stop come in I
was thinking something like if I put the
camera in the middle and try to like do
a pan around and then maybe like a bit
of a focus pull onto the grass here from
the background now the whole reason I
started all of this because I was
thinking about like gaming setups and
wallpapers and I was like where can you
get a good wallpapers from that's what I
started to take my own photos for my own
like computer wallpapers and I thought
it'd be cool to put them online talking
about you know doing like the the
graphic stuck what he can you know take
photos and put them online and people
can buy them obviously graphics Tom saw
that and said no we want you to do some
video ones so I'm gonna train you some
video ones as well as some photo ones
hopefully down the line Oh
made it back home and look who's arrived
jugs I got you early early Christmas
present for washing my car and stuff go
to town today I need to get some clothes
to theoretically deck myself out for
insomnia this weekend do you guys
haven't got tickets make sure you get
some tickets
so you guys know we went to Halfords
yesterday and I bought this aerial thing
here so the reason I went to helpers in
the first place was to get my new number
plates printed they said their printer
was broken and so now
well I ranked the mini garage and they
said they said they'd do it for me
look at that Cooper works that's a nice
color combo that is looking at this sold
it in less than 48 hours crazy hey guys
I got the plate so I can get rid of
these plates now and put my normal plate
back on because that BMW i3 over there
real plates all fitted that's been a
long time coming avoid to do that for
such a long time finally I can take it
off the list
George you feeling cheeky mate very
cheeky a free coffee doesn't it with
those plates though right again thanks
an awesome day legend got some sweet
number plates fitted to the car
absolutely needed to get that done cuz I
got pulled over for its reason I got
pulled over last week by the police they
were like have you not changed your
plates yet finally got around to doing
it so hopefully now I'm not being
illegal anymore which is which is good
what right guys just got back from town
with Jordan it's about half past six now
just uploaded and edited yesterday's
vlog in about an hour hours at half an
hour late or bloating exhales rushing to
get it edited I'm gonna quickly hit up
the gym and then I'm gonna come back
have a shower and then pick up this
camera we need Top Chef oh right see
guys been in the gym had a shower I've
put some comfy clothes on so I'm feeling
absolutely shattered today absolutely
shattered I think if you guys know you
probably do know but the tech flow
videos take at least four or five hours
each video to make and then obviously
we're gonna test products out that we
get and doing this 12 days of tech flow
or 12 days of tech mess as we're calling
it on tech flow it's probably going to
kill me but we're gonna do it anyway and
I'm gonna do these vlogs alongside that
and it's gonna be very very mental the
main reason I wanted to have a chat with
you guys is because tonight well I'm
actually I've been I've been invited out
into town
tonight someone's birthday so I'm gonna
have to go out and see them but I'm
gonna come back very very early because
I'm just really not feeling it really
not feeling it at all but this is what
I've been getting slightly concerned
with like if you guys have been a long
time here of mine you'll know that I've
been doing these daily vlogs verbs so
long now and everything has been fired
up until I'm gonna say like maybe the
last two months where I've just got
really really ill and really run down
all the time and I'm not sure why and it
started to be quite a concern of mine
and it's like massive mood swings it's
like I'm a woman and I've got like
massive mood swings all the time and I'm
just like my mood just keeps like
fluctuating going up and down and up and
down and it's like it's really odd and I
don't know if I've kind of like been
seen in the videos hopefully not but you
guys know I've actually booked a
doctor's appointment to go and get
myself checked out just to make sure I'm
like hundred percent okay in the head
and and what I'm not going mental but I
just thought I'd let you guys know I
let's keep you guys in the loop with
what I'm doing and like I like to give
you guys a little bit of an in-depth
look I'm a personal life so hopefully
over the next few weeks well I think
it's like next Monday I've got a
doctor's appointment just gonna go and
explain that I've just been feeling like
really weird I've been like getting like
loads of colds been feeling rundown and
it's just like usually not like me and I
mean I may be just a stage that I'm
going to ride don't know but you guys
are coming through the stage with me
because this is my daily blog and I'm
gonna show you guys everything
everything absolutely everything guys
I'm gonna go out and see my friend for
his birthday get back really early and
then start vlogging tomorrow with you
guys so guys for now - but I like you
guys been awesome guys stay off and keep
smiling I'll stay I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog adios
