good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is of course Alex welcome back to
another daily video started off man
Monday I always say this always say this
you've always got to have a strong
Monday because Monday is the first day
of the week and if you have a bad Monday
that reflects negatively on the rest of
the week so make sure you kill Monday
woken up this morning made myself a
little fruit smoothie been to the gym
washed myself and now I'm ready to start
the day he looks like oh dear it looks
like this this isn't ready to start but
I'm not leaving the house like this no
way this stuff everywhere nah man 3 2 1
right so I've got a few jobs I need to
do today first one is I need to go well
I'm not Halfords right now and I need to
go in there and see if they can print me
off my my new number plate so it turns
out they can actually print my plates
because the print is broken sweet I
remember with my last car when I had my
last cars and it's so all the time
looking for like different mods
different different speakers to put in
and those were the days now remember in
my last car I had these in the front and
then and then these in the back other
memories man life goes on doesn't it you
know what go on then it's about the only
thing I'm more than happy to model my
car thanks very much
Cheers let's see if I can do this so
that just comes off like that and then
with a bitter look that should just come
out
oh well that's well annoying I was well
looking forward to getting my number
place on the car first day of the week
number plays on the car
that's such a shame
today is sort of the day where and it
said I need to used today to prepare me
for the rest of this week the rest this
week is very very busy get tickets
anymore but I've got insomnia they were
at the end of this week I'm gonna drive
I'm driving down to insomnia the event
insomnia you haven't got tickets
try and get some I'd love to meet you so
I'm driving down to there Thursday
evening tonight I'm working on tech flow
videos and I've also got to record a
main Channel video I'm out tomorrow
night I'm in Manchester Wednesday night
it's all it's just all kicking off which
is absolutely brilliant cuz I love being
busy even if it's a struggle to be busy
I love being busy because without the
struggles you wouldn't know your
strengths but come out look someone's
new you know my biscuit it's great to
stop my cup right okay Monday as I've
said it prepares you for the rest of the
week if you lay down some ground rules
on Monday and carry them through to the
rest of the week I'm sure you we will go
okay I'll clean my space at home I need
to clean the space here this this this
that this is a no-no the space that you
produce your work in reflects the work
that you produce
it's the microphone working it fell over
again now because this is a Czech office
I'm trying to well put a little check
item on each one of these little stools
here so we've got the the new LG speaker
we've got the Suzy Lyall they've got a
power bank now all I need to do is sort
out sort out all of this stuff because
it's just all it's all cable and mess
and we don't want cable and mess Hey so
there we go
obvious looking clean nah my desk is
looking okay that needs to get there
this with all the tech products on it
looking sweet the editing desk looking
sweet you know but we still need to sort
out this and there's only one way we can
move forward with it you should sort me
out think hopefully hopefully just over
here we've got exactly what we need oh
look at these mappings exactly what we
need and it's wooden so it kind of like
matches matches what we've got going on
in the office this ship it should be
fine sorted thank you very much Jays
have a good day thank you very much
nice to meet you too very so he tells ok
this very tacky little thing has been
installed not quite sure where I'm gonna
put it yet but hopefully hopefully it's
gonna serve its purpose to sort sort
this this mess out of just rubbish
that's just sweet that is looking sick
and it also looks like it should also be
it'd be in my bathroom I'm gonna quickly
head home now grab some food and then
come back to the office to film a tech
flow video really you just got back
taking my jumper off Oh yesterday's
video guys has just gone live and I'm so
happy that all of you are agreeing with
what I said about YouTube not being very
being everything being slightly
different and my videos not not coming
in subscription boxes and things
like that now it's come to my attention
wait I need to do a static camera
because this is important what I'm gonna
do is well okay hear me out here you
guys are saying the subscription box oh
you're not seeing my videos or a lot of
youtubers videos in the subscription box
now I have twitter myself
a lot of you know that I also have a
snapchat and Instagram now I absolutely
love and adore my social media platforms
I love my Twitter and I love my
Instagram those are my two main ones and
I would hate for me on those platforms
because I've built such a good audience
on there to start just promoting my
vlogs like take my Instagram for example
instagrams about sharing photos I like
to consider myself a fairly good
videographer and photographer I like to
share nice photos and Instagram not hey
guys go and check out my latest video
you get what I mean I like to put nice
things on its tree I'm not going spam a
load of stuff about YouTube and the same
and the same thing goes with my Twitter
I like to put funny things on Twitter
and do like inspirational quotes on
Twitter and do a lot of things like that
and chat to you guys not hey guys going
to a couple like this video I don't
really like doing that there's a new
Twitter account right back there you go
right here right right on the screen
right now go follow this right oh no you
gotta do is follow it there's no point
in tweeting it so I'm never really gonna
be on it but all its gonna do is put my
vlogs on your Twitter feed every day at
6 o'clock when they are when they win
the publish so they'll be in your
Twitter feed and they'll do it
automatically whenever I upload a video
so that means that if YouTube doesn't
put it in the subscription box one
evening hopefully hopefully fingers
crossed you'll see it in in your feed in
your Twitter feed so here it is again
go follow it and if you don't follow my
other social medias all those are down
there below as well I recommend you
follow them
and it's a giveaway I'm doing on social
media so definitely make sure you're
following all of my links down in the
description especially snapchat because
I've been loving snapchat recently I'm
just I just go a bit mental on there but
I came back to have some tea and chat to
you guys about this now I'm going back
to the office need to record a tech flow
video brilliant 2:20 a.m. that's a wrap
tech flow videos or recorded focused on
the Elector MB GoPro we're also
launching something really cool but
April over Christmas we're doing the 12
days of tech flow literally 12 days on
the 12th all the way to Christmas of
tech pro videos once everyday and
they're going to be things from like
best Amazon deals detect that the tech
flow staff recommend and other bits and
bobs like that so that is gonna be
really cool
it's gonna take some planning but we're
gonna do it right guys I am back from
the office now tech flow video all
recorded I'm really trying to push on my
YouTube at the moment really trying
really hard guys really hard so all of
the support as I've said like light
ratings and comments really means the
world to me at this moment in time I
really appreciate it
right guys I'm gonna hit the hay I do
hope you have enjoyed today's vlog if
you have a light rating would be wicked
but for now mine into it likes you guys
been awesome sales and guys keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's Rock adios
