good morning guys how are y'all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome
welcome to my Sunday now sunday for your
average human being is to just chill out
relax so I went on a bit of an
inspirational inspirational role last
night I went to meet up with some family
that's why I had to end the vlog early
yesterday's why I told you guys and this
like family friend was going through
going through a few issues regarding
regarding her partner and a little bit
of role and I pretty much said to her
look right you and your partner
girlfriend boyfriend wife whatever or
even a friendship this applies to
anything a group of people or maybe just
two people together where if you put a
label on something that is friendship or
girlfriend boyfriend or a wife or family
or just a group of people all right and
those people keep falling out they don't
get on things keep happening that aren't
good then then that's not working right
when you put label on something you are
essentially calling yourself a team and
teams are essential in life you can't go
through life but by yourself that is a
very difficult and stupid thing to do
you need other people by your side to
help you with certain things you cannot
go through life by yourself teams are
very essential and i want to say every
single person needs a team as i've said
you can't go through life by yourself so
if this current team that you have isn't
working this friendship related yet
whatever it may be you need to find
another partner another team member
Oh slip and slide
oh baby don't you
hey Jay at me hey boy don't in bed bun
old old gen well the ipod ipod touch
ipod touch shards got another one as
well lookee there he goes like this
again hahaha you guys Instagram plug
there and everybody out there everybody
scan that so here we go this has been
such a long time coming i haven't had a
proper car wash by jords in what like
underneath wash more classes who went to
Australia what literally I think it's
been that lot if you guys don't know
Josh in wash in the whips
come o come o come o
trouble trouble and 45 minutes later Wow
bro thanks for the car clean anytime you
don't absolutely insane Jovi to
advertise this stuff and make some money
out of it the joys and I've come to this
little location here to take some photos
of the cars and apparently you can get
inside here George what is in here my
friend doesn't bone oh no I was going
okay we can actually go inside it looks
so yeah it does look what doesn't whoa
it smells so bad which makes me want to
do more though yeah we should go and do
some more triumph on some places they do
it just freaked me out i'm not gonna
lock yeah we should do some more
exploring stuff right just drop jordan
back of home cheers mate washing the car
taking photos with me I appreciate it
the last time there was a prophecy
Tuesday yeah sweetie and right have a
good time at work tonight make a mini
keep still it's the cool at me right see
broken see you mate thanks a lot ah I
need to tired of this place up I'll do
that i'll do that tomorrow too bright in
here whatever it on a bit darker for
sunday's video there we go okay so how
the moment at the moment there's a few
problems happening with the platform by
post videos to every day now i am not I
repeat I am NOT joining the fleet of
youtubers that will come out with videos
saying there's a problem with YouTube
because everybody knows as a problem
with YouTube so there's no point in
doing this just a waste of a video what
I want to do in this video is explain
what I think what I think the problem is
with YouTube now forever youtube has
been a subscription-based website you
find someone you like you subscribe to
them it's always been all subscribe to
my channel subscribe to my channel
subscribe to my channel that's what
YouTube that's what YouTube is about the
big red subscribe button if you liked
when you subscribe to them and you want
to watch their videos but recently
youtube has changed everything and now
normal people and i am as normal on
youtube as you can get i am just a
normal content creator crazy video once
a day whether it be good or bad I mean
normal
content creator normal people like me
are getting a getting pushed pushed down
and youtuber youtube seem to be favoring
those types of videos okay there's been
there's been an increase in the amount
of videos where there's got to be some
sort of censorship going on going on in
in the comment and sorry in on the
thumbnail in the sense of that I can't
show this censor censor censor it gets
eyes it gets views I'm gonna have to
censor this YouTube has changed their
algorithm or not even change their
algorithm YouTube is just at the moment
preferring to get to give viewers click
baited content like pornography and I
saw one yesterday some 15 year old kid
getting in a bath that he had like a
sensor bar over his private parts like
when what is that and for me going
through my everyday life and titling
from what I can see I kind of title and
thumbnail my videos fairly appropriately
as to what I'm doing in that day I'm not
gonna go in my day get in my bath naked
and get a thumbnail of me with a big
sensor bar just to get views like I'm
not that's not me at like a waste man
well unfortunately that renders me just
useless in the YouTube algorithm at the
moment because I'm just a normal guy
friend in normal videos but all these
people that are like doing stupid things
and doing stupid clickbait detail
thumbnails or just pushing people like
me to the bottom well not necessarily
not necessarily to the bottom but like
those people are now coming in in the
recommended bit of YouTube what I'm
trying to say is whenever there's like a
big situation that happens in the world
of social media on YouTube and every
single youtuber on the planet seems to
make a video about it just because it's
some video idea then it will get loads
of views and stuff I usually avoid those
topics well soon as this is actually
physically affecting me as a person in
the fact that I'm spending three or four
hours every day editing a video and then
the rest of my day shooting a video and
then for YouTube just not to promote
that video to anyone upset like the guys
that subscriber YouTube is a subscriber
before I'm shadows are I'm hoping it's
just gonna all blow over but like
it's like just a bit saddening really
here you go look blind blind proof this
is Toby's subscriptions right and my
videos aren't in his the box that is
exactly what is happening subscribed but
they're not not coming this a buck sort
it out man not good not good sweet guys
pizza's all consumed Toby's got off to
the spare room and it's got to talk
about this a little bit really because I
just I've totally neglected this all
together I totally neglected it and I
need to say it no to be further like I
have spoken about this before but it's
not I haven't spoken about it to the
extent that i really should have spoken
about it and that is that is next
weekend insomnia the game at the gaming
event in someone is isn't it it's next
weekend it's going a lot faster than i
thought its next one i do just really
hope i really don't maybe they're all
four days of the event
I'm gonna hit the hay monday with a load
of well
might as well she got some guys catch
you in our ears
punk rock
