good morning guys how are your day my
name is of course Alex it's about 7:00
a.m. right now on Saturday morning about
about four or five hours sleep it's
absolutely freezing outside let's do a
quick round the house workout
you
I think I need to get the next size up
on my own of my own t-shirts good
morning guys how we all doing my name is
of course Alex welcome back to another
daily vlog hope all of you guys are
feeling alright today and everyone is
happy and in good spirits so yesterday
if you didn't watch the vlog I'll tell
you in short we got some absolutely
brilliant news we've managed to secure a
sponsor to do the ultimate
live-streaming ricks of that is well 99%
gonna be happening at the start of next
year 2017 we're kicking of 2017 with
what's hopefully going to be an insane
series so today today all today's
planner started out from a face and it
was like this Christmas market thing
which is on in a town near me called
Nottingham loads of like it said like
discount it's like a massive computer
warehouse for like really cheap computer
stuff and apparently it's just like
really cheap so I said to Jed should we
just go for a laugh and he replied yeah
sure yeah
here we go I literally have absolutely
no idea what to expect good evening now
turn left and continue to follow an
8-bit return
so the original plan was to go to this
computer fair which everything was going
to be like really really really cheap
and it was going to be really cool we're
gonna probably done like a cool like
video like there and just to like a
little project see if we could get any
cool like cheap tech but we took about
10 years to find it ended up not finding
it and by the time we did find it it was
closed so we thought we're not two men
anyway anyway we may as well come to to
John Lewis and just check out check out
some tech this is what we found so far
is a phone right but you can change the
case on the back of the phone so like it
out we can take out this one has a lens
on the back it's a camera this one is a
projector that one's a speaker you know
what you guys have said you add a review
on the Amazon echo and I don't think I
don't think I was only going to send one
out cuz Amazon it so I'm in a bank hey
my job well turned out to be a little
bit of a disappointment because we
couldn't find the computer Expo thing
turned out to be a fairly successful
shopping trip so as a plus side to
everything Oh useful oh yeah oh yeah
we're taking this knees and Mercy's not
please follow the arrow on the display
That's not me in this Sun so just go
back from the shop got the Amazon echo
it here so we'll check out a little bit
later in a man brush at the moment guys
please please don't take the make I
bought my first so nice
ha ha ha ok I'm just going to try this
you know you want honey okay now have
you put on yet I just bought it oh my
god this is not good is it
ah that's good yeah yeah that's quite
cool asleep look good right let's go i
undid I'll see you next week cheers dude
same place around my meeting yesterday
quick me Hill with the family I've left
super early they're all still sat down
well it's Saturday and Saturday isn't
usually a workday for normal people but
I'm not on I'm not a normal person
because they say in order to get to the
next level of whatever you're doing in
life you must think and act differently
in a way that you previously have been
this is so satisfying to unbox whoa whoa
this is cool man this is mad your Amazon
echo is ready for setup just follow the
instructions in your Alexa ah okay
feel like I'm in the future right now
let's get the Alexa app downloaded ready
for some music Amazon Prime members can
listen to over a million songs alexa fit
for you for example right so here she is
guys if this works first time I'm going
to be blown away you ready for this
ready oh no what do I say a lector turn
off bedside guitar okay it's turned it
it's turn it's turned the bedside guitar
light off okay this is freaky this is
where technology's heading now it turned
the light off Alexa play black be fools
Alexa play hell of a night by school boy
hell of a knife by Schoolboy Q from
Scotty time
it actually works
the action works Oh God
I thought this I'd understand how I can
hear me when the music's that loud Alexa
what's happening today
here's your Flash briefing in sky news
from the sky you sent rotate Chelsea has
apologized profusely in the letter
okay it's good take it's gonna take some
getting used right for some reason this
doesn't work Alexa turn off all the
lights sorry I can't find a device or
group named all my fin Ives if you can't
see that why doesn't that work but yeah
it could turn off the bedside tables why
doesn't understand all the lights Alexa
what's the weather like today right now
in Nottingham it's three degrees with
mostly cloudy skies tonight's forecast
has mostly clear skies with a loads it
stopped Alexa what's the time the time
is 824 p.m. like I'm gonna have to
program it to do all of these all of
these things we're in it Alexa play BBC
Radio 1 BBC Radio 1 on Cheney that
animation on there that turning the
volume up and down is so cool it's gonna
be really awesome to hopefully and
sometime in the near future play with
I'm gonna leave it in the kitchen right
and my whole family when they when
they're coming through hopefully they're
gonna use it and I'll try and get some
feedback off them and give you guys like
a text or a review on Alexa but the main
goal would be to the main goal would be
to do this
so we'll keep playing with a lexer
throughout the vlogs as we progress
towards Christmas and things like that I
think we can think of you guys chill me
some questions that we should ask in the
comment section down below a good one is
like my brother was like how hots the
Sun I was really impressed with that
anyway guys might as well like you guys
have been awesome still some guys keep
smiling I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog
adios
