you know you have an idea what's your
idea look at this ride hey guys check it
out
Maserati oh my days this is the lyft I'm
going to my meeting this morning judge
the first person in the back of we're
back in the car oh wow look at this bad
boy
so we been snippy's in a suit
so good morning guys how we are doing my
name is Alex I've got my meeting this
morning and my lift to my meeting is
well has been
Wow yeah so cutie meeting closing up
right now currently start areas have
some food you guys see I haven't
mentioned cutie in the video to quite
some time that's because there's been
some major updates happening and that
way to hold off until these are base
come out now these uh plays are pretty
much ready to go I'm going to be
incorporating cutie into the blocks a
little bit more but trust me this
website is nothing like it used to be
well it looks the same but the back end
has changed what's his edge
thanks for sweet meal and our meeting
location pretty pretty decent hey there
is he's a boy
Thanks for meeting this morning mr.
Maserati man so guys meeting over and
done with
this morning as I've said Maserati my
mom has a rusty man he's off he's gone
he's finished that what an immense car
that was insane wasn't it madness right
I've got a parcel I'm not sure what that
is but I don't have time to open it me
too
okay take play video all round it out
from from from yesterday pretty sweet
Justin a brilliant job who's there I'd
look for new guys to send me a really
cool a really really cool unboxing knife
in in the Pierre box much like a proper
blade oh so cool and the function as
well at the liver because one of you
guys sent me it like a gum gone by one
but it just wouldn't be a sentimental I
love getting things from you guys like
knowing it's from one of you like
viewers or something men what is this
LG whoa you can play with that man yes
guys what are these LG LG Electronics
portable bluetooth speaker what are
these up 51 or 52 or 53
they're all different ah
so these are art pieces individually
made art pieces same artist but like
different design on each speaker so that
none of them none of them are the same
right okay it's got your dip sky-blue
mummy sit you know that one when you
don't know what it is see that's why I
need a knife like that oh that's so cool
is that
nah man nah man hope it sounds good
why it's all right having it look cool
but that oh my god a machine that guys
whoa that's mad yet crank it my friend
let's check out why LG have actually
then sent these sent these to me this
always happens could you send me stuff I
don't know but that means like each one
of these is like individual they have
literal numbers on the side that none of
them is new called the P Phi a special
edition apparently got 51 52 and 53
which one was that one this one is 53
activate your free guarantee well I hope
LG see what the crack is if I can give
them away
I'll give them away sir to where
no is it gaming lounge so imagine a cafe
right we all have cafes but modes up a
gaming one of them
I might let's see if my automatic lights
have worked and they have they've come
on by themselves well just for the lols
okay Google hey Siri there you go holy
phones on now it may suite finished up
finished up some dinner about about two
meals today one of those being a bit of
steak which I've just had another one
being being the the meal I had at them
at the meeting earlier talking about
that meeting earlier that was probably
one of the best meetings I've ever had
with the QT team or well Mike one of the
members of the QT team in in my life
that was amazing as far as cool things
to tell you guys I think I think that's
mainly there's mainly there's really two
cool things but let me hit these two
cool things up
so the first cool thing and that this is
probably the best that as you know I'll
get them I'll do the best thing last so
pretty much the first cool thing is well
we all know whenever I told you guys to
go and comment on a cutie or I did
anything on cutie the amount of guys
that went over all of you guys went over
you ended up as crushing the site and
that got me really annoyed it got the
qtt and really annoyed and I was like
sending the messages I was like guys
this isn't on so we've now moved to a
thing called AWS with Amazon web servers
and hopefully now we can handle God at
least like fifty thousand consecutive
users I think something like that and it
runs a lot faster as well so literally
it's running on Amazon servers and it's
wrapping so that was cool that is
brilliant
Lotus stuff has happened backend to so
of course that's great news for me
obviously because that's what I've got
really demotivated with the whole QT
thing and I was part of the team putting
it all together and giving them feedback
and getting you guys on board and
getting your guys feedback and you guys
was an Alex insight is like it's crash
it
good man I was looking at some of the
cuties you guys to crate in and I've got
all of your names he who has been
correcting cuties on the website some of
them some of them are groundbreaking
we're gonna have to definitely send some
prizes to a few of you if you're not
signed up to cuting you're not creating
cuties I drop a link in the description
so that's that second thing second thing
is the Qt team I've actually said well I
actually know what you said you're
looking for a sponsor to do in the new
year the ultimate live-streaming rig
cuties get a sponsor you Alex we're
gonna sponsor you that's incredible news
literally incredible the thing is I was
honestly a massive speculation massive
speculation
to whether all of this was gonna
actually gonna actually go through or
not bear in mind I'm gonna need to do
the fundamental things like get a sofa
get a carpet get the walls boarded out
get insulation put on the walls get the
walls painted it's gonna be a big job
it's not like oh we need to go buy a
desk and a projector and put some pretty
lights in there and an Xbox and I've
done with it yeah I can I can do all
that bit but we're gonna need some some
full-blown builders in there to get this
room sort it out to how we want it and I
thought was gonna be really difficult
but qts didn't want to step in and help
out so that's it we're pretty much set I
think for the for the new year we still
haven't finished we still haven't
finished this this whole series yeah
I've got a whole livestreams to do here
this right a full-blown like new new rig
PC for fit for this which is gonna be
fairly phenomenal like I'm gonna live
between me doing it it's gonna be one of
those ones and I love doing those so
much like being there live building a
computer with you guys it's like one of
my favorite things I've ever done and
I've done it twice now this is gonna be
the third one it's gonna be promise you
bigger and better than ever before
so you've got some sick things that
lined up guys at summers Christmas soon
we got the hopefully fingers crossed the
hoodies coming out which is gonna be
absolutely sweeties and I guys are I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog I love your
faces adios
Oh
