yo guys I'm actually intrigued okay
right and don't lie because it will ruin
the game for everybody right I'm going
to do as many pull-ups as I can do and I
want you guys to put in the comments how
many pull-ups you can do because I think
pull-ups are really hard and I don't
think I don't think I'm bad but I don't
think I'm also good either
so damn it feels good to be against okay
let me do 14 maybe that is pretty bad or
maybe they're really difficult
just a workout guys this Saturday
morning to get the endorphins running
for the day guys welcome welcome to the
the weather today is shocking
so guys excuse the piano music in the
background let me turn that down a
little second what I'm trying to do here
guys it's Saturday today I'm in the
office and I've got one goal for work
today and nice to create a little bit of
a of a show wheel show we all show real
guys for my website Marsh start median
Mars dot media is my website where all
of my promotional work goes it's where
people can email me if they want to get
an inquiry for me to come and do some
promotional work some videos and people
always ask me Alex how do you get
started off in the production business
Alex I want to make promotional videos
for a living I wanna shoot wedding
videos how do you do this how do you
started and you need to get yourself a
show real so you can show the show real
to your clients and they can see what
you're capable are but then you need
footage for the show real like look at
what I'm editing now like this right
here is real world client work that I've
done and I don't have a show real and I
don't really know how I've got by
without one so the way you get footage
for your show real is to simply start
out by doing free work and I've always
told you guys this then you can go to
potential clients and say guys this is
my show real this is what I'm capable of
I'll do your promotional video it's
gonna cost you a grand I'm not gonna
bore you guys with me sat here editing
my show real so you know what guys I'll
see you in about an hour when I've when
I finished this thing sort it that took
me two and a half hours and it's now
rendering I said to myself I was only
gonna stay in the office for an hour
today and I've been in there for two and
a half hours I'm not complaining though
people say you need to separate your
work and play life your normal life from
your work life should be should we set
for it and I don't believe in that
whatsoever I believe you should build
build a life where you work but in order
to do that guys you need to simply love
what you're doing and well I really
really do
okay so guys today is the day I'm
absolutely buzzing for this we pick
these up from the store literally
yesterday down in London and Queen I
work hard on all of my content as you
guys know but yesterday's vlog where I
went down to London I just really enjoy
putting that together so if you guys
could go show some support on that if
you didn't watch it I went and picked up
this so you can get a little bit of
background essentially guys yes I picked
up the Nano leaf now this is a lighting
system which is very expensive but for
that reason alone is why I want to check
it out because I feel like I feel like
it's gonna be really really cool
another did mention in the video where I
went down to London to pick these up the
kind of popular with like big youtubers
and and well celebrities jamie has these
and that's where I saw them I know that
a lot of you guys are saying PewDiePie
has them in the back of in the back of
his setup so we're let's see what all
the hype is about let's let you guys
know and for me to find out as well if
these are actually any good because I'm
gonna be putting them up there I'm gonna
be putting them up there and well that's
cool it means a lot to me hmm
the thing is you see guys this sets up
right here it's kind of an icon right
and I I don't like to toot my own horn
and I'm really not I'm just telling you
guys the literal facts if you type in
gaming set up onto YouTube this is what
comes up if you type of gaming set up in
on Google Images a picture of this comes
up like this this this thing is known
right I'm known on on YouTube as the
gaming setup guy freak or whatever you
want to call me and the fact that well I
feel like my setup stood out because of
because of this up here and now I'm
replacing it with it this is a big deal
for me
just for the record I have zero idea
what's going on thus far all I know is
that all of these are meant to light up
so I really hope this is gonna be cool
pretty much looks like what you get in
the box is a power cable for your well
country of region and then you get this
looks like a controller and then what
looks like a load of little plastic
connectors which I think slot into each
of the light so that slots into there
and then that would mean that that could
then slot into there whoa okay okay this
is sick this is sick so now you
literally open up the home kit app and
then click that and now it's having it
turn off our right then guys I need to
get this thing up on the wall and I have
no idea how I'm going to do this I'm
gonna use the analogy in my head don't
think just go let's do this
so because of the nature of my room the
cable comes through into my server room
looks like it's up here plug them in and
now
I managed to just get them installed as
the Sun sets here in the UK look at that
reflection there three two one boom
guys this thing is honestly really
really really really sick I absolutely
love it I'm gonna put a link to it guys
down at the description if you guys have
the courage to buy one of these things
it was super easy to install in fact a
little bit too easy I just sort of drill
the hole in the wall and then put the
cable through there's the transformer I
might try and mod these things so well
so that you don't see or can't see the
transformer and then you just stick all
the light panels on in any orientation
that you want and then you download the
app on your phone the thing that I
really do like about it is that you can
change everything like the speed as to
which the scenes change there's even a
scene marketplace where you can make
your own scenes and other people can
download and also check this out these
things they go bright look at that it
lies the whole room up guys these lights
absolutely sick to me a day or two to
get used to how they actually work in
everything but then once that time is up
I'll let you guys know my final thoughts
but for now hah that's sick right guys
it is Saturday today my girlfriend Maria
has come back from uni and I think she's
coming around a little bit a little bit
later but I'm gonna go around to hers
and see her now so I'll catch up with
you guys in a little bit here we are
humming guys so today has been awesome
I've been working on my showreel in the
office installed the amazing nano leaves
hey guys look at this over Christmas I
even checked out the lounge downstairs
Alexa set the lounge lights to blue
Alexa turn the lounge lights to 100%
Alexa turn off the front left light guys
I'm really really excited for the future
definitely involving getting the new
house and taking out every single room
and having every single room to do what
we want with but for now guys - for now
Alex you guys have been awesome if
you've enjoyed today's daily vlog and
you really really want to share it with
a friend because it would really help me
out then that would be fine
if you guys haven't got yourself any of
my merch yet please go ahead and buy
some I put the link down there in the
description it's the coolest merch in
the game and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's Dave
adios
