I'm gonna miss my train again I'm gonna
miss my train again I literally I'm just
gonna miss my train again this is mental
why do I do this to myself praise the
god damn Lord for ubers there we go I
always forgot my Mac charger you know
you know YouTube like fairly well then
not fairly well but I do watch you -
okay
Judaism it thank you very much about
your base are five stars that make Jesse
there are shows right
on the road I can't want to make it home
before starting today's video I think
I'm gonna make our connection this time
well I know I'm gonna die
take about ten years to get home yeah my
car yeah I'm home this Christmas Decker
Wow Christmas decorations super super
happy to be home so guys I just had a
little bit of food haven't really eaten
much today Maria made me a little
burrito a little burrito just before
just before I left her uni room and
they've now come home for the week and
I'll probably go back and see there next
week get their few questions actually
it's quite surprising and I know since
maemura of like being a thing and for
those of you that have been here for six
months you know that well the reason
she's not really prominently in my
YouTube videos is because we all know
what happens when relationships end up
on YouTube it just ends up ruining a
relationship and well I better with
Maria once that's a happen on our but I
don't want my relationship ruined with
her over over YouTube obviously I'm a
daily vlogger and I do have to go and
see her well I'd like to go and see her
once a week but that is why I'm not
shoving a camera in her face just
because I'm just not that type of guy
I'm gonna get to male face I love my
office so much actually before before
before before I go to the office I'm I
did
so right now there's a purple wall
behind me I'm in my office building but
I'm actually in I'm actually in the
lobby of the office check out these
lights they're they're pretty cool but
but all of these oh I dress
okay I had a feeling it would be this
and it is all this is for an upcoming
video hopefully very soon hopefully
fingers think oh my god it's arrived I
didn't quite think there'd be this many
but oh my oh my god okay I just
pretended I just attended to pick up one
of those boxes downstairs and I see why
the other staff in this building didn't
bring those boxes up here oh my god I'll
consider myself to be able to lift
something fairly heavy I'm not lifting
those no way that's why I think they are
video hopefully for sometime sometime
just just actor something sometime just
after Christmas hopefully well doesn't
this just look fancy try not break it as
I open it what is this well thanks for
that those are the headphones whoever
sent Cohen those with their phones come
on whoa
they're coming here I'm not a nice
leather bag oh wow okay
now now you're talking hey oh boy nah
that's nice how do you turn these bad
boys on get a little pair on the job
223,000 is it just me a nice pair of
headphones all the bags nice - I'm so
full on born and bred Bo's day hey guys
get this right these are the mozypro
stick I'm gonna come back to the
a little bit later to the time now I've
just hit like five o'clock get this
right your boy Mars Mars bar right it's
going it's I promise some of my friends
that I babysit well I'm a nice guy okay
so I'm gonna go to do this babysitting
if there's something they want to go out
for a few hours so I'm gonna go run to
those babysit that kid for a few hours
and then and then I'll catch back up
with you guys but back back at home but
I'm going to the office later anyway
what day we are now yet yeah Thursday I
need to record a tech flow video hey
sweet back home now my microphone has
been on red battery red battery for
possibly the last two days and red red
means bad green means good so I follow
so I follow I follow a lot of sort of
sort of extra Nouriel people on
Instagram and on and on on Twitter to
give me to give me a slight bit of
motivation I say that whilst I pull out
some Jenga
so in in waterstones yesterday Maria and
I were looking for Jengo we found Jenga
we bought Jenga but that's besides the
point
I also saw this book now this book this
book is it says it says don't don't
sweat don't sweat the small stuff
simple ways to keep the little things
from overtaking your life now I've never
read a book before honestly never from
start to finish you actually does have
probably a lie I probably have in school
because I've been forced to I've never
openly read an entire book before just
on the back it says things like
surrender to the fact that life isn't
fair listen to your feelings they're
trying to tell you something
remember that when you die your in box
won't be empty well anyway I'm gonna
read this thing well attempt to and if
there's anything cool inside it any cool
information I'm gonna be letting you
guys know through through this vlog
oh go dig it damn look who's arrived ok
sweet guys attempt for a video all
recorded it's currently 158
in the we got pulled over on the way
here you won't believe me I did get
pulled over as I was driving here
the police will follow me fried it and
we didn't knew they were gonna pull me
over net way they were just like
following for ages and then I went out
to go around these cars and came back
here and it was a 30 I was going 30 and
then the sirens came on I was just like
they're literally they're literally just
bored up and I'm like we're gonna need a
breathalyzer can you get in the back of
the vehicle so I got in the back of the
car and just said to them look why do
you put me over like what why they put
me over like what why and they made up
some rubbish about me having a new car
or something or like is it a new car and
I was like yeah and they're like
carriage this tagged thing or some some
crap and then they they breathalyzed me
obviously the test came up and they it's
at zero on the script so yeah that's a
good like five minutes brilliant right
guys made it button home very very
eventful evening tech flow video or
recording right I've just had a shower
because I'm testing on some shirts I've
got a really important meeting tomorrow
morning and I want to push it I'm for it
so I've just been testing out some
different jerseys with a quick shower
but I'm gonna get this up to bed now and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
guys stay awesome keep smiling I'll
catch you in tomorrow's vlog oh yes
