good morning guys how are your doing my
name is of course Alex and I can I can't
shout you I don't know why okay I'm in a
limousine room she's gone off to her
10:00 a.m. lecture it's now half past
10:00 these walls are made of I made of
cardboard well not technically cardboard
but you get what I'm trying to say if I
shout it goes through these walls and
the whole place will hear me
but every time I'm in this unit the
first thing I think is imagine doing a
pimp my uni room right where literally
this this is your standard Union well
this is a woman junior room it's got
bloody this all this stuff imagine right
making it insane technology-wise I'm
talking Phillip huge your monitors
everything on this desk and have it all
wicked I mean you can sit like a
projector on there I'm projecting onto
that wall move the notepad over there
and I go you could literally do so much
like 5.1 surround sound not that you
could have it that loud but you could
honestly make a sick gaming rig in here
but I don't think Murray would let me do
that because well let's face it she
doesn't even like being on my vlogs
never mind gaming stuff guys with you I
don't really know how me and her work as
it as a couple very well who's not into
the same stuff at all but however
Jazmin thank you very much oh no I'm not
a fan of idle on this bad thing I'm
being dragged here by my neck
okay I'll take my I said it's actually
quite nice well I said I'm tried it yet
live live demo
Graco rise you guys are more than aware
my fashion sentence is next to none
right so I'm here can I find some
clothes just spruce spruce myself up of
it you know me actually didn't push
myself out but they know anything is
whatever I seem to get anyway you guys
just just
I just need more stuff more stuff for
like the winter and cold times how much
is it it's a lot where is the price okay
know if you can wear it if I'm going to
spend that much money on it I would wear
it all the time
yes please
oh here I want my camera yes thanks man
drop it
Thank You major
I was on a really satisfying okay now
pull out by the interesting
well let's obscene it now
yeah
so guys I've made it back Murr is in the
kitchen cooking me cooking me some food
okay so I took a look as you guys saw at
the new MacBooks we're not actually
allowed to film in the Apple Store so
that was why I wasn't like oh hey guys
this is the new mutt book I just a lot
stuff had my camera recording looking at
the Mac while I was having a little play
with it and to be honest guys and I know
I'm help I'm hating myself for saying
this so that means you guys are gonna
hate me for this I really really did
like it I really did like it and the
same thing happened with the Google
pixel you know the Google pixel came out
I looked at it on paper and I was like
this just looks a little bit mad it's
like mad they do go gave me the Google
pixel to keep and I was like using it
for a few days and I was like wow wow
same deal with the MacBook you see on on
a page and it just you don't get the
feel for it right but actually touching
it and using that touch bar wow what an
experience it was really cool and really
intuitive the laptop was like I picked
it up it was looks like II just I don't
know compared to picking mine up now
this feels old and this that just felt
like a lot more stealthy or newer and
sleeker and yeah but the thing I'm
telling my so is obviously if they're
doing a laptop now that doesn't have USB
ports and card readers they're
definitely not in the next one gonna put
us people on a card reader are they so
we're all just gonna have to get used to
it and if we don't move on we're not
going to move on so it's a tricky one
obviously this isn't my tech channel but
obviously I edit my videos on a macbook
every single day so it's quite a big
topic for me so I'd like to hear what
you guys what you guys think about that
or what you guys think about the new
MacBook in general with its ports or
lack thereof etc etcetera guys what do
you think oh and also it's really
expensive and so is that jumper or that
jacket today I didn't buy it because it
was too too expensive
food consumed need to change batteries
in this camera all changed up now going
to look round the Christmas markets at
nighttime just like a dog
Oh
we'll miss asleep
that singing is my friend Catherine I
wasn't be friends during school and it's
been about three or four years since
I've actually seen her and she sits
singing at the Christmas market and it's
just insane seeing people trying to make
something of themselves really really
inspiring stuff I'll link a page in the
description if I can if I can find it
come on Kasim is so weird with no one in
it right I have just requested an uber
on my Apple watch how amazing is that
just a taxi on my wrist so it element
Alex Brooke yeah hey so guys I thought
if it's been very obvious but like as of
Rison I've been trying extra hard with
with the YouTube videos I don't know
there's numerous ways you could notice
like I've been uploading more on the
main channel trying to get weekly videos
out on the main channel tech flows doing
really well and I'm trying to put a lot
of effort into these daily vlogs I'm
really really really really really
trying to make something of this YouTube
thing I really am and I want it to be
like I want it to take up like most of
my life I want I want to do this as a
full-time thing right the more comments
you guys leave and the more likes you
guys leave it just helps me towards
achieving that and if you enjoying the
content then I really really appreciate
you guys so with that being said guys
I'm gonna end today's vlog here I'm
going home tomorrow so - when I see you
guys been awesome stay awesome guys keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
vlog adios
punk rock
