my guys doing my name is of course eyes
welcome back to another daily drug guy
very early in the morning right now I
think yeah that the pond is the pond
everything is frozen over it's freezing
outside yeah it's very very very cold
this morning I've got up nice and early
to apologies if I look a little bit
under the weather I'm fine it's just
because I've got earlier than i usually
do you guys know if you didn't watch
yesterday's vlog i highly recommend you
do it was really fun and I really
enjoyed the entire day and I was so
happy through the entire day of all
submitted yesterday went to Google went
to a VR launch event it was really fun I
worked really hard on the video for you
guys so if you'd miss the video go and
watch it already do you recommend it
right guys I've got I've got a super
quick meeting to go to right now and
we're going to take me about an hour
that is why I'm up early by the way so
I'm gonna go get this meeting done and
then I'll catch back up with you guys
right I've arrived at my meeting
location I'm gonna get this over done
with then I'm about with you guys love
me no it's not for me sorry guys my name
is alex and i feel like i haven't
properly started my blog yet okay so I
woken up super early this morning I
booked my client meeting this morning
with my client for like half past nine
for the simple fact to get me out of bed
so now I had to be somewhere so I'm now
been there finished up meeting oh well
thanks for asking and now I'm back at
home welcome to Tuesday simply are
joined today with that's cool I'd in my
car look at his little face while you're
doing you're a legend may tell you love
you
face so guys I've not got much planned
for today's blog we are just going to go
with the flow baby wipes for cleaning
desks are an absolute godsend there we
go really looking a lot cleaner now I
want to talk about this for a second
this is a hoodie I showed you guys in
yesterday's video and i said i would
tell you about it in yesterday's video
but i never got a chance to okay so yeah
this is this is the brand new hoodie it
has an m logo on the hood but this isn't
a design that's going to be released
okay these are just the hoodies I've got
one to test out it's not gonna have that
logo on it I'm going for something a lot
more sleek and a lot more professional
but you guys aren't going to see the new
logo until it's actually been brought
out the new logo is gonna be on some
hoodies and on t-shirts but there's
gonna be a special hoodie now the
special hoodie is gonna have the logo
embroidered onto it in gold it's gonna
be very very high quality they're gonna
be numbered they're going to come in my
signature and there's only going to be
250 of them available so if you want in
a limited edition a be hoodie or while
giving something away that it should be
out sometime within the next two weeks
hopefully I'm just pre-warning you guys
where I'm gonna go let's leave and food
montage this thing i'll see you guys in
the office right so the struggle with
doing YouTube videos I I asked some
people on snapchat and if you don't have
my snapchat it's it's marci snaps in the
description and the reason I ask this is
because tom was talking to me about it
the event that was like yesterday and
making me sad Alex I've been watching a
few vlogs and you are an Internet
service provider and I was like yes I am
it was like what can you do in to their
my house and I was like well I can't
because I can literally do it to my
neighbors because it's like three Wi-Fi
so i said to my was like why what's up
with your internet then he said that
sometimes it just conks out some takes
ages to upload videos and it's just
horrible i said but funnily enough
tp-link have reached out now this isn't
sponsored at all at all just a massive
coincidence and tp-link are like a
networking company mr. to me like Alex
do you want some products to look at in
your videos and I was like you know what
why don't I get one of every single
product they do right powerline adapters
wireless extenders Reuters access points
the whole lot
you guys how to optimize your home
networks to the fullest capability I
mean to be perfectly honest with you I
wouldn't get into YouTube at the moment
anyway YouTube is broken my video i
uploaded on Sunday had forty-three
thousand views on the actual video but
in YouTube real time it had one hundred
and ten thousand views start with it had
like four and a half thousand likes in
about 30 views YouTube's broken at the
moment as we're all aware but it'd be
interesting to know for you guys all of
you down in the comment section down
below how have you tried to do YouTube
and stop doing YouTube because of
internet problems let me know in the
comments I'm really intrigued so the
ultimate live streaming room the project
I'm going to be doing after Christmas
now let me tell you guys right off the
bat I'm gonna need a massive sponsor to
help this room become what I want it to
be because well have you seen this room
look at it I want this to be I want this
to look like a functional everyday room
and I can't do that by myself like I'm
gonna have to get builders in to help me
we're gonna do it so we're gonna have a
projector project to back here we got on
a big screen a big screen that comes
down here it's gonna be electric you're
gonna press a button and it's gonna go
hmm and it's gonna stop and then project
is gonna come on there's gonna be a sofa
here and then you see in this little
cabin but hear this but that goes back
like you gotyou slaps come down here and
it stops this it's gonna be all bored it
out in there we're gonna have like the
pc xbox ps4 we're going to use the
coarser course our lap dog the pc gaming
I was just gonna have this in the middle
at the front and then surround these
subwoofers in each of the four corners
and then now I know this is really early
to be talking about this because we
haven't even finished redoing the
ultimate set up the series that is
currently in progress at the moment on
the main channel we're not going to be
starting this till after Christmas but
it's always good to be ahead of the game
it's very cold isn't it mate it's very
tumblr tumblr weather right now look at
that oh look at that photo Jordans got
some it's got to go to a bit of a tire
black on his er on his course sir he's
loving it that's a clean mate rights go
take some photos of these whips right so
we've arrived at this mysterious place
that Jordan has well brought us to let
me get on trying to show you it's
getting dark now took a bit of a while
to drive pics applies to slippery nice
if at this look at this right here but
this is the bridge where I'm going to
park the car on think I'm gonna get out
of 28 mil lens and get a nice bokeh
effect logo guys have just changed lens
and as you can see I've taken some
photos of the car like here as is like
right there so hopefully they'll turn
out quite good am on manual focus right
now and it's like train tracks down here
isn't there yeah they're abandoned
bandhan what their abandoned train track
yeah so imagine park in the car imagine
parking the car down here I think the
train tracks are a good idea I've got me
sick thing to do let's do it let's do it
man but Jordans rider is super cold we
need to go
hey guys look I am done this in a while
quick gym sesh a few moments later
bye-bye rumor bye-bye house bye-bye car
hello mother right mom is given up the
train station but she's like the slowest
driver in the world oh you put the key
in the car mom thanks to the left I
appreciate it so your mom of your bike
who
it's really really cold this evening Oh
three minutes to make my connection
there's no way I'm gonna make you're
damn right it is I've arrived
pity not bad thank you matey so guys
just in my uber right now on my way to
see Maria and the night is probably
coming to an end so I'm gonna end this
vlog here mine has been Alex you guys
have been awesome and I'll see you in
the next one
haha
