guys the simple answers no simple answer
is I'm definitely just not gonna make my
train today oh my god I'm so late myself
a headphone shy we need to go I'm not
even joking guys it leaves in I think 15
minutes oh stop please let's go
my name is of course I my to
another daddy bug and yeah somewhere
long to wake me up her go to tower one
before my train this morning my alarm
just didn't go off
now the reason I'm going down to London
today is because I've got to finish up a
meeting with Google and then I'm going
to a special event which I'm not allowed
to talk about but I'm gonna talk about
it anyway I hate these stupid things oh
you're not allowed to talk about shut up
okay it's a I'm not hundreds
intrepretation anything to cut my emails
but it's a it's a vr event either
something to do with it something to do
with VR anyway
have another any chance to grab any
breakfast this morning and I still
haven't finished that it's in the blog I
need to go and get some food
but it shows in this vlog let's go
so guys I thought if I kind of explained
what I'm doing to get today I was just
such a mad rush earlier trying to leave
the house
actually make my train in time so I'm
here now London I've met with Jack I've
had some food I've tried out this new
jumper more on that a little bit later
tonight now why am i London I've been
invited down to Google to finish up a
meeting that took place on Friday
hopefully something good is going to
come out of this meeting that can let
you guys know about and I'm actually not
coming home from London tonight until
about 11 o clock which is Alex why Eve
why you staying in London so late well
as about explain to you guys as a VR
event a H no oculus rift oculus rifts
event and it's all of their new tech but
I'm not allowed to video inside the
event and that really annoys me so this
is a different Google building than the
last building we're in again strictly
met filming
Oh crazy route move people finished up
the meeting with Google very very cool
things planned for the future as regards
to collaborating with me and Google
together on some really cool tech
products and that right there on all of
all of this that's where I have my
meeting and that it's just how they were
all at Google very chill and very very
cool finished a Google as I say not what
really happened which talks a lot about
the future the future technology is to
do with Google and what they're bringing
out some some really cool stuff
hopefully going to be happening soon I
just need to title yesterday's blog
because it's going live in like half an
hour and then we're in a taxi going to
oculus rift apparently oculus have
ordered me a taxi and I don't I don't I
don't know where it's gonna be I'm
assuming it's gonna be in the taxi rank
they said they said no filming but I'm
most definitely filming this oh my
I think he likes it Thomas may the best
man win my friend you absolute we vote
we please right we've got
sorry about that very much this
okay so this is literally at Hotel me so
it's been strict its other bed taken out
of it it's had everything taken out of
it and there's like 20 people here and
I'm doing this vlog from from the
bathroom at this hotel room what a swine
same company demonstration and it's
giving us a wanna look for one I wanna -
seeing the dark guys get late now this
event is closing up had a beer in my
hand always calling you I make some
plans
yeah well this we see man what we say
those again sir the Kings Bay King of
Spades yeah
there we go
just says stop stop right yeah yeah are
you sure yeah you criticize hop anywhere
right guys I cannot tell you cannot tell
you how good that event was that was so
so cool right
it's catch my train back but just before
and that's me this train here
it's literally frozen you have to sit
here revving my car to get the engine
warmed up I sound so hot man whoa this
help semesters Domino's are so guys
today has been any I just assume it
amazing it's been insane I'm loved it
right now I will place the cherry on the
cake that is today as I was leaving the
Occulus event they were like you know
Alex how you doing I was like oh I'm
fine how are you we want to give you an
oculus and with the touch thing as well
I want to give you one because we want
you to do some live streams with it and
I was like Donna real though I was like
no way you oh yeah I'm gonna laugh right
it's like an 800 pounds worth of VR
stuff for the computer and they were
like yeah we'll even give you a GPU so
you computers like isn't powerful enough
to do it
so turns out I'm getting that VR kit
tell I'm stream with mental and I've got
some wicked stuff planned with Google as
well making some cool connections today
been really really enjoying my time on
planet Earth today had a great catch up
with Tom and we were talking about the
pros and cons of him vlogging on an
iPhone versus me vlogging with a full
blown rig and what the pros of this is
and what the pros of him recording his
buzzin on his iPhone like very very cool
very cool talk really enjoyed it mr.
George Benson was there that was really
fun to Marcus Butler was there it was
all it was all kicking off it was just
all a big a big youtuber
orgy in the our forum anyway you guys
I'm gonna go
and end today's vlog hey guys if you've
enjoyed a like rating would be much
appreciated guys but for now my husband
Alex you guys been awesome guys stay
awesome and keep smiling before me do it
for me I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog
hallowee-- faces adios
