guys apologies i've got no like clothes
on or anything and yeah I'm feeling I
think I think I'm feeling better today I
think this is the last day of it so
we're going to take it easy I'm gonna go
see some friends we're going to make a
cool vlog I think this is the last day
of this two years guys good morning how
you're doing my name is of course Alex I
just had a shower and I'm going to
confirm it right now I'm feeling a lot
better so hopefully today is a day where
normal me is gonna return now I know it
feels like normal me has always been
here and that's because I've been
putting on a brave face and very good at
putting on a brave face on these blogs
for the last for the last sort of
101-100 the last sort of year that I've
almost done this for it will be
absolutely inhumane if everything one of
those days I've been 100% happy with
something with everything and that's
just not the case it's been days where
bad things have happened we're really
good things have happened but I don't
want to show you guys bad stuff I don't
want to show you guys the bad negative
portions of my life everybody has bad
negative portions of my of their lives
and I don't was not something I want to
portray in these videos but I'm feeling
100 no 99 percent right now you see that
one percent and I think we'll find that
in today's video somewhere right ok so
I'm going to see Elliot today where's
the stuff rights one of you guys sent
him send him these candy bars in in the
period box and this awesome letter and
then he also said to me that you wanted
an Apple watch strap so this is a watch
strap that Nomad sent me ages ago but I
don't really want so I'm gonna give him
that too because I'm a good friend right
then I think my eye you can still see it
a little bit but it's it's on the men
it's only anyway sorry I'm gonna wear
the shade
right let's go okay see you soon we the
gang we are off to the diner he had some
drinks on Sunday are you what you're
doing the luck of my blog making but
Elliot you ready made you want to drama
to draw me to show you what we've got in
the box you don't want show you what
about the bug yeah i want to show you
excited for this so it was this letter
yeah and he sent you some new zealand
candy pitboy as well one more one and
another one these are really nice as
well hello ya hidin when I went to New
Zealand and then a she's a little
present to me to you oh thanks i'll do a
little cutie on there I'll it would you
like my wife Alex yeah I'm the best
friend ever oh yes you are right let's
try one of these over to their shit it's
a strange texture I don't like it or not
we've got a new game plan we're gonna
take elliott to the office with jordan
oh no he's not I don't bro I haven't
seen Martin so long that's amazing you
just put his head out the window yes
we're going to el it to the office put
him on the PlayStation video i just have
a little chill little chill session I
think I worried haven't seen him in ages
I give knowledge bomber see ya yeah you
too hun you to you I've even victim you
recently you've been like all over the
shop we have arrived I took Jordan so
many times oh it was good laugh right
we're here
okay we got my senses
this is what you think about me Elliot
house he's like the VR yellow I feel
sick sitting down to it we should put a
little bit sick but it's ruining the fun
in it sweet right let's go against Maris
guys I'll see you soon I've got editing
to do so I need to go see in a bit oh no
oh no made messed up and made messed up
it's almost six o'clock high 53 p.m. the
vlog is rendering the vlog is rendering
can I get it up in time who knows that's
what she says three minutes to upload
five minutes till we need to be live I
think we've done it either that was a
rush
I think if you got if you guys can quite
hear that music yeah we're introducing a
new segment to the sunday sessions when
Toby comes round we're spending an hour
in the gym sweet totally 31 also up
ready for some legal legends turns out
the piece of delivery guys son watches
my videos Domino's arrived where's tobbe
Toby's in the kitchen just getting some
water right ok you know what time it is
hand picked randomly only if ever
opening two of these letters a week will
end up knowing so get I think I get more
than two like I haven't picked up the
p.o box in a while and I was also and I
was also thinking of doing an omegle
video on the main channel dear alex Mars
but i would say thanks because you've
changed my life ok people say this to me
and then you guys say things like I've
changed my life and you've got me
through all this stuff imagine how many
people like imagine how many people were
helped by Casey right now he's just gone
like I understand why people were
annoyed about that I'm still working on
my videos i'm doing my gaming setup it's
a little bit rubbish at the moment but
it will be done soon and i'm working on
finishing the stuff that needs to be
done well everything is a work in
progress nothing is ever finished PS if
you want to include this letter in one
of your vlogs please feel free to do so
well I already have done my friend I
love you guys writing it's okay and then
just like opening the blog please I love
it smiles while you're my favorite
youtuber I've been washing add a lot
about a year now every day since club
keep refreshing YouTube sefa videos
being uploaded
can you watch my videos on youtube type
I got a lucky win I will do that my
friend what is on your memory stick
please please please don't blow up my
computer oh is it there's a word
document with the ah that's wicked all
right every single day I try and think
of a way to get through all of these
letters and read them out and honestly I
just don't really think it's very
possible to do that it's such a shame
because you guys spend the time to send
me stuff but I but then I'm like do I
just open them and read them myself or
they'll put them in the blog and then
altered it guys I've changed sure it's
like 330am in the morning I think I'm
gonna establish capture its bed now go
have a shower cuz I'm that one since I
gym session then go to bed and then I'm
in London tomorrow honestly I'm starting
to already bad again I really think I'm
gonna figure to dr. to think right I'm
gonna get it about guys might as well
Alex you guys been awesome sales and
guys keep smiling catch you in
tomorrow's vlog where I've gotta be in
London again a TS
Oh
