good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is of course Alex what an unusual
place to start our blog I mean I'm just
putting up the car a bit of petrol okay
I've got something to talk to you guys
about I may as well talk about that when
I when I get back home because that
because that's where I'm heading now
let's do that I don't know what I've
started this thing here so you guys all
showered up now
feeling a little bit more refreshed
right and it's taught you guys about
something but I think I think I'm gonna
go to the office to do that because
there should be a parcel there but I
need to open and I want to create
something beautiful weather today in
fact to be honest I think I think the
reason I think the weather is so dull
gray and muddy it looks like it to me
because because I've got these glasses
on and that is one of the rate the
reason I've got these glasses on is one
of the things I want to talk to you guys
about probably thinking eyes why are you
wearing glasses in this weather
is it there yes or no guys comment below
in three two one
hey probably know what it is intact I've
just given it away by showing this
camera right ok let me tell some lie
somewhere let's analyze some right you
guys know that I bought this camera to
the off base so well you pretty much you
know what this is but first let's just
address the elephant in the room
Alex why are you wearing glasses it's
about five degrees outside and overcast
okay you're gonna think I'm lying but
I'm not because I'm going to show you
I've got a problem I've got a problem
with this I write a problem with this
eye and the problem I have with this eye
happens when I'm very tired when I am
very stressed or when there's a lot of
sunshine outside and it hits my eye
those are the three things that cause
what's under here to happen right so I'm
gonna rule out that it's sunshine
because there's been no sunshine so that
hasn't caused what's going on under here
but what I think has caused it is stress
and stress and not getting a lack of
sleep okay and I get this thing on my
eye when I'm stressed let me show you
what it is
okay so a bit of a background about this
I used to get these things a lot a lot
more when I was a lot more when I was
younger and especially when when I used
to go to foreign countries and it was
really silly
that was what used to cause these but
it's also caused by stress and no sleep
and I think that's what's causing this
now now I know it's not a big deal when
I show you it again like Alex that's not
a big deal but you've got to understand
but I haven't had one of these on my eye
in probably two or three years okay and
I used to get them all the time all the
time like once every few months and if
it's not treated properly it gets really
bad it gets back to the point where it
goes all over my eye and I kind open my
eyes it gets really bad
hello show you it so pretty much it's
kind of nothing like there's nothing
there's nothing now as you can see in
the moment wait a minute if I just saw a
zoom into my eye can you see that it's
kind of just a bit red around here it's
a little bit puffy can you see it just
like up in this corner here just a bit a
little bit fluffier then my other eye
you guys see that
so the reason I'm wearing glasses is to
well number one protect it so I don't
knock it all hurt it and number two to
stop light from getting to it so I'm
going to told you guys this is affected
by sunlight and that can cause it these
things make it worse now I'm hoping if I
keep my glasses on today keep taking my
tablets get a good night's sleep tonight
I'll be fine tomorrow I cannot have this
thing go as big as it used to do and
take care of my whole eye because I
don't have time for that I'm trying to
keep it this big and hopefully it's just
gonna go away
then get an early night tonight okay
that is why I'm wearing these glasses
okay with that out of the way let's go
ahead and open open this I thought I'd
try and give you guys a bit more of a an
elaborate explanation of it just because
like I could I could very easily get one
of them again and then if you guys now
know like what it is and I've given you
like the elaborate thought of what it
actually is you got you guys you get the
point I mean have one is such a long
time it's so way that I've got it now
anyway there you go I told you as I told
you I bought one for the for this
vlogging rig that we've made we are
making a secondary vlogging rake so in
case anything happens to this one I've
got a backup now so it is set apart with
the old girl up
which is more than happy to support this
little camera here now I'm going to be
talking about gear in in this episode so
if you're not like a massive fan of
these types of videos then like chill
vlog tomorrow watch that instead I might
possibly get a little bit technical
where's my scissors testing testing
testing testing testing testing okay so
there we go I have made my brand new
secondary little vlogging rig in case
anything happens to this main rig here
yeah as a microphone it has the camera
as the grill of course I can hold it out
and do certain things
this microphone that this new one that I
bought it doesn't take a battery right
the one I'm using on my main camera does
take a battery and that is a real
massive inconvenience and this is also a
lot smaller than this big microphone so
the new microphone that I've bought is
smaller doesn't take a battery just plug
and play so what's the sacrifice of it
and I want to test that out you guys
need to let me know I need you guys help
so what so what I'm gonna do here right
is I'm gonna pick up this vlogging
camera right and I'm gonna I'm just
gonna start recording with it
normal camera microphone this is what
you use you guys listen to and there now
we are on the new smaller microphone is
there much of a difference on this
little microphone compared to this one
now we're back on this one what is the
difference is it even better look how
small it is wait and you can even you
can even put this thing on it look at
that bad boy now sweetheart right okay
we had now have well we now have made
like it's a full ring the secondary
vlogging ring and it works this will
work in case anything happens to this so
that's brilliant what isn't good at the
moment is my immune system I will not
take a break from vlogging
sweet guys all back home now sweet so
it's about half past 10:00 at night now
I've got myself a little bit more energy
so my friend Kayleigh has actually
invited me to go and take some night
photos with her and I haven't seen her
in in quite a long time so I'm gonna go
and hopefully take some nice long
exposure photo she's like a very keen
photographer a lot better info taking
photos than I am so that that is where
I'm going now to meet her so this should
be fun hopefully we can get some get
some tips from
we are taking some photos like long
exposure with the car trail yeah of
course yeah no worries I appreciate that
mate cool cheers mate thank you very
much okay we need to move we need to
move
panting Haley good sesh okay sounds
there's a party going on so it turns out
as a massive party going on in my house
downstairs and I'm probably not going to
partake in it I'm probably just going to
just get into bed and try and make
myself better for tomorrow I think my
eyes on the men
touchwood and I think my cold is pretty
much gone as well which my throat is
still hurting a little bit but I think
guys were on the mend I think we're
almost there so guys my name's Ben I
like to you guys been awesome I'm
definitely not going about to sleep
because the music is way too loud
downstairs and I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog Sunday chill block
finally adios
