hello
hundred watts of power your body Botha
have you ever heard of Josh Hayes before
Josh Hayes I've never heard of Josh
Hayes before this is a 140 pound iPhone
7 plus case and obvious question Alex
why he bought a hundred hundred and
whatever how much it cost
iPhones I didn't buy it some important
for me why but why is the question yes
it was a gift I'm going to use it
because I feel really bad if I don't use
it but it is a very nice case so it's
like the leather on the back I've never
heard of this person before in my life
it's probably fake right hey guys my
name's Alex and this is the 140 pound
iPhone 7 plus case
I feel like if I'm rocking the iPhone
case and into at least have some clean
shoes on so mid-afternoon I now I'm
rocking a ridiculously overpriced iPhone
case which is worth like loads more than
the phone size it is what it is if you
guys want a closer look at it I'll put
some pictures I don't know I'm gonna put
pictures let me just try to show you
guys okay it's like full-on
full-on leather that the video is kind
of hard to kind of describe it's a very
very thick case it's very very wavy yeah
I mean I'm gonna rock it for a bit why
not why not at the end of the day no
one's gonna know how much is worth other
than other than you guys stupid case of
a stupid phone I didn't buy it why would
anyone buy it why don't you spend what
who was a person you got me 140 pounds
on an iPhone case the whips need a clean
so does my window apparently hey I love
these guys they always do they always do
a really good job I never get my car
cleaned on the inside though I'm gonna
get clean on the inside this
so just arrived at the office Jed is
currently making some drinks and this is
what we're reviewing we started the
review last night finishing it up today
what I need to do now though is try and
get some test footage with it with and
without using it to try and demonstrate
what this thing actually does to the
actual camera itself if that makes sense
a live stream last night on twitch.tv
didn't play any games just sat there and
chats you guys listen to a bit of a bit
of music and you guys are telling me
what all these Bitcoin things were on
the twitch the new Bitcoin things and
yeah it was about half 2:00 in the
morning but I'm really didn't enjoy
doing it like really enjoy doing it it
was really pretty really fun had about
300 viewers in 230 viewers and it was
just very very chill really really
really enjoy right gonna get some shots
of these schools and things with and
without the gimbal
take my video recorded currently being
edited click it rendering rendering sick
we did right see Cindy
techno video wrapped up all done for
this week
this camera is honestly a beast we shoot
pretty much the entirety of tech flow on
this camera
the a 6300 and yet honestly you think it
was shot or being shot on a much bigger
camera turn on the lights I really do
need to look into setting up some
schedules so that the lights just come
on like 6 o'clock every day when it gets
dark and they just they just come on
that's what I need to do guys I think
I've got a little bit of a problem right
now a little bit of a problem
I look like an absolute dreadful state
underneath my eye looks like I've been
plunged I literally got back into this
room lied down on my phone for like five
minutes will lie down and was on my
phone scrolling through Twitter for five
minutes
fell asleep for an hour now I'm here and
I feel I feel like I'm dying I think I'm
gonna need to go to the doctors about
this because it's been like going up and
down and up and down and up and down
I've been like feeling better been
feeling worse been feeling better
I've still got like kind of a cold my
throat still really hurts what's going
on with my eyes looks like I've been
punched feel like I've got absolutely
zero energy and it just doesn't feel
good and I can't carry on going on and
going on like this it just seems to be
getting worse nothing seems to be
getting better but in myself just said
to be getting like worse and that's not
good at all on a positive note though
you know what you know what this thing
works well this hard drive doesn't work
but well this Synology dissipation is
it's working which which is sweet so
that means what I can do with that is
back up my laptop my computer get
everything back to it it comes with this
like weird interface thing which I have
no idea how to use at all but I've
managed to put a few backups on here
already like my back of a boat of my old
pictures and stuff and it's got about 6
terabytes of space so it's got plenty of
space and I've got a folder on this
computer with everything all of my
youtube videos backed up or not every
single one but a lot of the main YouTube
videos that I've made backed up so I'm
gonna put those on the nasa as well and
guess
anything ever happens you've been
YouTube in the future I've got like a
backup of my videos this iPhone case is
just ridiculous it's so big like so so
big but I asked you guys on snapchat and
you guys were like yeah I want we want
to see this so I was like fair enough
okay they can see it cars are clean tech
flow videos done I'm dying a little bit
guys I think guys I'm gonna cut this
vlog off here I am I'm really not very
well really not really not very well
I'll see how I feel tomorrow but the
thing is I've gotta go I've got to go
out tonight because a few of my friends
were one of my friends is going away
like for the rest of their lives now
next week and they want to see me and
like tonight is the only night I can see
them I might be in Manchester tomorrow
night I don't know what the plan is and
then Toby comes round Sunday night I'm
just it's just constant like constant
constant constant non-stop and that's
not me complaining or anything like that
I do this to myself I love being with
people but maybe I just need to take
this as a little bit of a kick in the
face and say Alex look you do just need
to chill it out a little bit because
it's taking a toll on your health you
know I'm back in London on Monday as
well so it's just I should I think it's
just all too much all too much so guys
keep I'll keep you updated on Twitter
and stuff and on my snapchat and and on
things like that as to how I'm doing
with my I just feel awful guys my Alex
you guys been awesome guys still some
guys keep smiling I love all your faces
and I'll catch you in hopefully fingers
crossed tomorrow's video IDs
