really cold outside not not now
phonology have sent me another
DiskStation because the last one is sent
we did work and they've also sent me
wait a minute
also survey this bag what's in here I
have no clue coding guys how are we all
doing my name is of course Alex welcome
back to another daily video I still
don't know what's in here I have no idea
oh it's one of them one of them and
that's pretty cool a Synology power bank
Jesus this is nice stuff what well
Synology thanks for all the stuff I
really appreciate it guys today I'm off
to London because I don't really know
why Google said the words have a meeting
with me so I've either have either
really messed up or they want to plan
something for the future quick coffee
let's go what toothpaste in my pocket
see us guys mad rush off to London I'm
not 100% sure why I'm going down there I
was meant to be going down there for
lunch which I thought was gonna be
really cool that has since this morning
as far as this morning being canceled
now I'm just going down to Google for a
for a meeting so I've either either
messed up and they want to speak to me
or they want to plan something for the
future
I don't think of messed up
I just made it
c-13 this is me I do just have a little
bit of work honey today so I'm gonna get
that done now
right arrived into into London
so as you guys know Google invited me
down for well to start with break first
then I cancelled that and second we do
lunch they said yes and then this
morning they said no we can't even do
lunch either we want you just to come in
so I don't know if I mean I don't know
what I've done wrong and it'll why they
want to see me so I need to meet my
manager first but this is this is the
building where we're going later
Google's new place you can see they've
got 8.8.8.8 Google's DNS server this is
crazy
it's like a gym Google logo we're gonna
go in here later maybe maybe it's a bit
too nice
oh my god all we're trying to do is get
some food and what's going on okay I
think I may have bitten off a little bit
more than we can chew so possibly quite
haven't read the menu well thank you the
plumbing spit milk for a lovely meal and
I'm so happy I didn't pay for that
thanks
so come out the last place and go into a
different place a little coffee shop or
to alter pretty much just upload my
upload yesterday's a yesterday's vlog
one at a time Jack okay I'm in it I'm
going around this is it oh my god why is
that so cool man using my phone slapped
my face at right now we finished the
meeting at Google it was really sure I'm
coming back on Monday
to finish some stuff off with them and
we've got some cool plans we went
together okay this is the view I can see
right now
you see how overall the building or all
the route all the floors and all the
rooms in other building that's all left
open you can see like all of the inner
workings of the building my guess is
it's as Google's trying right there try
to show you the fact that something so
simple as a building comes across so
simple but yet there's so much that goes
on in the background it's been nice I'll
see you Monday
there's a shop right now this is a
YouTube shop full of YouTube merch and
I'm currently well we're talking over
there about getting submerged in this
shot what you've got like pointlessblog
and all of his stuff and everyone's
books and they said they've been more
than happy to put like the new Mars bar
stuff in this shop and you guys know I'm
currently in the making of some new like
stuff like there's some jumpers and
stuff so I'm hoping that we can do this
it's right in center of London as well
see you soon mate oh no I'm gonna be in
all of this short cut
turn on the lights please work this time
please right 10 past 10:00 at night I'm
after the office to meet Jed we're gonna
record a tech flow video and due to high
demand and popular request I'm gonna be
reviewing the gimbal today on tech 5
right so we started filming tech flow
video we're gonna finish it up tomorrow
morning because we're both pretty naked
but I want to I'm starting this vlog
because I want to show you something
fairly mega this has just been released
this this Lamborghini speaker right and
it is 125 centimeters long we're how
long is that holy month of a car but the
width of a car 20 mm what right so guys
just arrived back home from the office
tech flow video recorded I'm absolutely
knackered it's about midnight right now
dad's off into the spare room to get
some sleep I did want to come back and
test out this enology unit to make sure
it was all working but I think I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna get some sleep
myself so guys I do hope you've enjoyed
today's video join me again in
tomorrow's vlog I'm gonna be checking
out 140 pound iPhone 7 plus case a
little bit mental I know I think that's
all we're doing tomorrow I think it's
what we're gonna do tomorrow together as
a collective but for now - you guys been
awesome sales and keep smiling I'll
catch you in throws blog adios
