all right if this if this Gorillapod
keeps this camera there then I'm gonna
be super-impressed right let's test this
thing out okay I thought to myself on my
last set of ten this morning in the gym
I try and strap this gorilla pod this
gorilla pod the new one to this slippery
metal bar and sleep it stay still and it
did it worked okay I'm impressed but
I'll probably only be impressed for the
next three months until it starts to
fail again good morning guys how we all
doing my name is of course Alex today is
a smashing day it's currently Wednesday
morning I woke up this morning right as
well as us as everyone does but I woke
up earlier than usual
and I thought to myself ooh this is
strange I'm earlier than usual I don't
feel bad my cold is well almost
non-existent now I still sound a little
bit bad so touchwood fingers crossed
this is definitely the last day of it
because I'm feeling fine in myself
something for a gym session have
something to eat test it out this
gorillapod and honestly I couldn't be
happier with it I'm super super happy
which is good cuz I haven't been happy
for the last I don't know maybe five
days I've felt a bit like awful really
so there is one thing I want to tell you
guys if you guys if you guys have got a
Spotify now I know I do totally
understand that my playlist has almost
9,000 followers and my actual account
has like 13 30,000 followers so I
understand that a lot of you are on
Spotify and do follow me but what I'm
saying is if you don't I've updated all
my playlists so the holy Alex's have got
like this cool holy Alex's cover art on
it and then the memory lane playlist
which is all of my old songs that sounds
like a really old school picture of me
and then you have just updated all the
playlists and stuff and then if you do
follow me on Spotify Daniel Spotify feed
it will tell you exactly what I'm
listening to
well we're not listening to it which is
really cool and while I'm at the
computer as well I may as well show you
this zone on the Xbox look as you can
see there's me recording this and then
this is like Xbox look and then okay
this is my streaming software and then
obviously I've got like the waiting
screen I told you guys
that wanted to go to bed super early so
I did get into bed about half past 9:00
last night sat on my laptop remote
desktop into my computer and I sorted
out everything to do with this dream we
are 110 percent ready to stream all I've
got to do is click that button the
donations are set up the follow alerts
are set up everything is set up so if
you guys donate to me whilst I'm
streaming it will come up on the screen
and I all it all works hundred percent I
am ready to go all I got to do is click
stream so I want you guys now to let me
know on Twitter and in the comment
section down below what days of the week
do you want me to stream and if you
scroll down to the comments and there's
like a comment that says like Tuesday or
Sunday and you would think you know that
will be a good day then drop a like on
their comment as well and that way the
most popular days for me to stream will
have the most likes in the comment
section down below
right okay I've just done a rhyme let's
go
I feel like about a trench coat on but
instead I'm just so just wearing a bin
bag to flap it flat like wow it don't
understand how beautiful it is to have a
nice gorillapod that doesn't fall over
and I don't have to mess about with it
taking about ten years so it doesn't
fall it just works all right all the
heck is in here okay
still don't know what it is putting two
new wear punks are nowhere I can't say
that word does it one of these things
that you go like that with is it that I
thought you do with it it smells it it
smells of GoPro I'm not very GoPro what
the hell what are you doing what is this
where you sending with this I'm not
gonna hey are you planning a trip for me
or something a GoPro backpack well know
what a GoPro thanks for the stuff I
don't know why it's for I don't know why
they sent me this I am absolutely
clueless I don't even know how you wear
these things properly and then I've got
a GoPro hat and to be honest with you
perhaps just don't suit me GoPro if
you're watching thanks for the stuff
really appreciate it don't know how you
use it but thanks for the stuff don't
want it's for let me know also it will
be totally awesome if you could send me
a karma please send me a karma please
GoPro please send me a karma please I
have a hero five I have a GoPro Hero 5
GoPro so send me the Karma and then I
can do the two together and make videos
on it I'm sure everyone watching with
I really I'm just having a little bit of
a nightmare procrastinating taking this
box out and the thing is you guys know
where my office is it's not just like a
standalone building there's loads of
other like little mini offices going on
inside this office building but there's
only like one bin for the whole building
and that one bin for the whole building
is about the size of this box so I'm
just I'm just got to end up annoying
everyone because I can't leave it in
here I've got to take it somewhere take
all this as well we're clean well this
area isn't this is the ps4 VR setup here
comes the second question what do you
guys want with the stream I can play
like I don't know put me up and put me
on the spot PlayStation VR games I could
play Call of Duty
I could play Gears of War 4 Guitar Hero
would you guys want to play like I'm on
the streams is what I'm talking about so
obviously we can't just sit there and
chat and we can't might be a big portion
of its the light chatting with you guys
like live it's really really fun but I
do want to play some games with you like
really wanna play some games with you
guys alright guys you know I've been
banging on about some photoshop work I
was doing for a client last week I'm
going back to the Glass House today to
finish it off so quick client meeting
not quick ones we're gonna come out to
ours but but I'm really hungry so I did
saw about first
finish your client work I need to drop
Maria back at the train stations in my
half an hour two hours guys finished up
some more spaghetti and yes I have to
forget see the other day I kind of I
mean I need to get a little bit more
food in yeah I need to do that I've also
got this amazing cake that my grandma
made me what a legend hmm interesting
giving you guys a little bit of a sneak
peek as to what I might be putting there
things are starting to things are
starting to come together so guys the
last time I spoke to you well I was I
was in the office looking up some GoPro
stuff I then had a client meeting went
to that smashed it absolutely smashed it
then Maria came back from uni for a
little bit so I went to see her and then
I took it back to the train station so
she could go back to uni came back here
had some food now I'm here and I will
say I've been in contact with this more
on this soon that when I've got more
details but I'm hoping we're gonna get a
really cool a really cool thing to it to
replace the school not that know that I
want to replace the school at all
because I think this school is really
cool but I don't but then that I may not
have to put it somewhere else and I
really I don't really have anywhere else
to put the school I'm gonna be honest
with you I mean it it could it could
replace the guitar I suppose but so that
when that gets sorted out it's gonna be
absolutely wicked and I'll tell you this
even thought it involves LEDs now the
same company that is coming to install
that if this happens they are also
coming to install some really cool vinyl
stuff vinyl wraps in the office on the
wall so I'm talking like black vinyl
like my logo on the wall but massive on
the wall above the editing computer so
we've got a lot of things plan for the
future which you're gonna be really
awesome much like well I'm going to
Google tomorrow Google have invited me
to Google tomorrow for for lunch to go
in well originally originally they
invited me down for breakfast I said I
can't make it down for breakfast so they
said you want lunch and I said yeah oh
you could have been a jetty to do the
after
come on Alex get up so guys I hope you
enjoyed the video nonetheless - watch
you guys being awesome stay awesome guys
keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog you ready adios
