la that weather combining this weather
and the fact that I still I still have
this cold it is annoying me so much well
I just feels like there's something in
between my nose and my eyes horrible I
feel horrible that Kofi's give me loads
of energy though so good morning guys
how we are doing my name is of course
Alex and welcome back to another daily
vlog even though the weather is awesome
we'll get up to some cool stuff today
even though I already literally don't
have anything planned at all oh okay
this is a good one I might nip to the
office because we ordered that thing
last week didn't we damn I have arrived
by now you know you know that thing the
gorilla pods the hundred pound gorilla
pod yeah that thing you'll know that
this gorilla pod I have here I've had it
for like five months now and the she's
so loose and when all of the joints get
loose what that results in is well the
camera always falling down this is like
a three and a half thousand pound camera
the lens is dinted it's all broken just
all because of this gorilla pod so I
needed to get a new one
however before I go to the office I need
to do something it's so hot in here
I've let myself go again like this just
this just isn't on I can't keep doing
this end up making something really nice
for example this room well now like if
it's meant to be neat then then what
what you doing mate what's going on yes
I'm sorry okay I've had some I've had to
add some more clients to the network and
I've had suppose more dishes on the roof
and I did it I didn't vlog it ok
gorillapod is amazing
sweet as long as my camera's not broken
and you guys can actually see this as
you can see I've fixed it let's go see
my actual new gorilla pods arrived so
I'm not going to damage this camera oh
my god look another dent in the side of
the lens now how this lens isn't cracked
I do not know
oh there's their parcels please be the
Gorillapod this this needs to be the
Gorillapod I don't know how much more I
can take care of this camera falling
over like this oh my god this just
better be yes alright let's take a look
at why have you spent a hundred pounds
on shall we buy so much steadier look I
can literally hit that and she's not
moving so what I'm going to have to do
is take the head off my old gorillapod
taking the scrub at the head won't come
off
whoa just grew under here and then this
screws onto here are that that's
incredible I can leash you shake my
camera and the gorilla pod doesn't move
and if I want to can I just like open up
the legs at least place it down and then
it's so stiff and there you go it just
works oh thank goodness these are by far
the worst camera accessory but also at
the same time the best camera accessory
ever invented and trust me I've explored
other options of how to hold my camera
and have a versatile mount I can wrap
this thing to anything I'll place it
down anywhere and this is the best thing
right okay maybe my camera might last a
little bit longer now without it
breaking right guys I've got a but a
little bit of unfortunate news for you
just on a Skype call sent a few e-mails
back and forth and I'm probably not
going to be able to get what we are now
is it the next one episode 4 episode 4
of rebuilding the ultimate setup up this
Friday I don't think I'm gonna be able
to do it I was hoping to be getting a
brand new TV getting a load of computer
parts and live stream me building a new
computer loads of cool stuff and a few
of them really cool bits here and there
that would have made a really cool
episode but I don't want to do the
episode until I've got all of the gear
so I'm just letting you guys know I
don't want to get your hopes up there's
probably not going to be an episode this
Friday
so after I explained to guys yesterday
that I've literally got the biggest lips
going and I needed to buy some lip balm
in town yesterday
I forgot to buy lip balm in town
yesterday and my lips are falling to
pieces you have got to be taking the
mick ten quid
Bon Appetit Alex I am I've had to change
shirts because I kind of spilled
spaghetti all over MA mmm so here's my
plan this vlogging thing right it's
getting quite serious and I've realized
it's getting quite serious
because that gorillapod cost me hundred
quid a new guys know that this
Gorillapod right here has almost caused
the death of my camera numerous times
but what happens if one day in this
gorillapod fails and smashes this camera
or it's totally unrelated to this
gorilla pot it might be my own personal
error I dropped the camera
and it smashes that means there been no
vlog for that day and that's not good so
what we need to do is devise a backup
this is the guerrilla pod that well
fails on this camera but this camera is
huge there you go can you see how big
that lens is is absolutely massive over
this camera the sony a6300 it's a lot
smaller than this camera like this is
this whole camera is about the size of
the lens yeah you get the pot and I've
got this old gorilla pod which literally
is just broken so if I take this head
off they're my old gorilla pod and then
screw that now I've kind of got a
secondary a secondary little vlogging
rig in case anything happens to this
camera all I need to get for this is a
new microphone because the microphone in
this camera is awful now I can I think I
can I'm gonna go ahead and order this
little bad boy this little rode videomic
thing there we go your order was placed
that microphone should be here with me
soon to learn that way if anything does
happen to this camera I can pick this
one up straight away it's got a gorilla
pod we'll put the mic on it the only
difference is the lens won't be as wide
but it will do until I get this camera
fixed if anything in the future does
happen to it there we go things looking
a lot cleaner now are you thinking this
if one of you guys came around to my
house that like
girly watches my vlogs you'd like you be
honest like make yourself dinner you
know where all the food is and stuff I'm
gonna go to bed I think today hopefully
hopefully been the last bad day of this
cold that I've had I think I'm now over
it so I apologize well apologize for the
chills like I've been ill not much more
I could do
guys - banaue likes you guys been
awesome snails from guys keep smiling
hopefully I'm better tomorrow and I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog adios
