let me show you something absolutely
mental we had a lot of wind that much in
fact that it managed to lift the
trampoline up my mind this is one of
those heavy trampolines with the net
around it you know what I'm genuinely
surprised it didn't bring my radios down
sweet guys arrived into the office
Thursday morning I've told you guys lots
of early mornings for me now through
2018 we're gonna absolutely smash it if
not just me we're gonna do it together
guys we're gonna achieve our goals which
means we're gonna get up early and we're
gonna finish early no we're not gonna
finish every day bro the only real
reason I've come into the office guys is
because I need to grab the booster board
I am going somewhere today as to which
requires me to get on a train and you
guys know that the car park near the
train station cost you nine pound to
part nine pound fifty-two Park I think
I'll leave the car at the office and
take the boosted board
oh there's been a while since I've been
on a trip and after the boosted board to
the train station well
welcome to Mars bar blocks
was severely delayed and then cancelled
so I've had to get to the next train so
I'm about 40 minutes late the only thing
in Alex why are you going - why go into
London I'm going down to London today
for one reason guys and one reason only
and that is well to see my manager I've
had a manager for the last two years and
we used to teach you that all all the
time but since then we both got really
busy so we sort of have quarterly
meetings down in London just have some
nice food as well this toilet is tiny
so guys I've been starting this
restaurant now for probably about three
hours and that's because my manager and
I haven't seen each other in or had a
meeting together in person in about two
months because he's been super busy he
manages the whole load of other
youtubers as well obviously you know I'm
his favorite
but we've been chatting about loads of
other little business ventures we're
going to be going down throughout 2018
and how much we are just going to smash
it we made me my manager yes may be
starting up a custom iPhone case company
but it's gonna be sticking around me in
London for the rest of the day it has
just gotten dark right now I've been in
here for about three hours however I
need to get to the alcohol store because
I really want to buy this one thing and
no don't worry it's not an Apple product
but they sell it at the Apple store and
I think it's gonna be amazing
so here we are this is Covent Garden in
London absolutely love the vibe here
it's just really hard to hold this
massive logging rig which you carry
around everywhere and a booth on kicking
everything else off here's the Apple
Store let's go get this product
from Kings Cross on the tube to Covent
Garden into the Apple Store Apple Store
finish back on the tube right now all
the way to Kings Cross I've got one more
place I want to visit in London and this
place I feel like it's kind of my home a
little bit means a lot to me
so this is the YouTube space in London
and there's literally fans outside I'm
turning the camera around so guys this
is the YouTube space in London and I
absolutely love coming here I've been
even here a handful of times but I love
it because well this whole place is just
about YouTube so you can actually get a
camera out and talk to it and not
actually look like a freak which is kind
of kind of I really appreciate that so
this is a juice but you probably
thinking I like sound you get in it we
have to have you have to have a fair few
subscribers you have to think I think
it's 10,000 subscribers but don't hold
me to that and then even come straight
through the door there's a cafe let me
show you guys you're out this is really
really cool stuff don't behave like a
Nintendo switch game station so you can
play some switch which actually I've
never played on the switch before so
that's quite cool there's like a jukebox
here so you can just choose the music
that goes on and then over here there's
like a big snack bar type thing and it's
just we just sort of help yourself hey
look this is how nice everybody is in
here you can just say hi see through the
craters ready watch this my friend super
buddies just really nice I don't have
like little sets and yeah what you
simply look how cool this place is like
it's it's mental I want this we need
YouTube cushions in the new house I mean
it's not subscribe share learn if you
guys haven't dropped a like on the video
I'd really appreciate it so smash that
thumbs up yeah as I say guys I think you
need 10,000 subscribers so I think
that's pretty evident and you can get
into this place and just use the
facilities and I think down those down
those stairs they've even got sets that
you can actually go and make youtube
videos in like actual sets with proper
lighting microphones the lot
it's sick
any reason I've come down here she's
because I haven't been here in so long
and since I'm in London I thought just
come and pay the old place a visit I
might come down here a lot more often
but for now guys I need to get my train
back to where I live so we can check out
what's in that Apple bag because I'm
literally buzzing something doesn't eat
or chat about a few things because well
I've just bought this from the Apple
store and you don't have to go to Apple
to buy these but I did because Apple do
what's called a price match so if you
give them like the cheapest price that
you can find this fall they will match
that and obviously between you and me if
this is as if this isn't as good as I
think it's gonna be I've got that 14 day
return period but hey guys this is what
I'm for you guys watch this so you see
if these are worth it so these are
called the Nano leaf now my one of my
favorite artists right corrected he
hasn't done anything with his music
career in a long time and I wish you I
wanted to do a new album JME please make
a new album because integrity stoled on
my favorite albums but it's about 15
years old I never did if you're watching
keep up the computer because because I
enjoyed it but following a Twitter
conversation that Jamie and I had he
told me to get these nano leaves asked
him what they were because he put
picture which set apart although you
know what these these things are pretty
cool right these things look absolutely
wicked they're almost the next step
forward for me in terms of setups right
this these right please don't be put off
by the cost these cost 179 pounds right
these aren't cheap right they're not
just cheap things but they're proudly
really really really really good right
so pretty much guys this is a product
and it's a very very unique product I've
never seen anything like this before
and it's not a new thing but I don't
think many people know what this is now
pretty much you get these triangles
right here and as you can see there's
one two three four five six seven eight
nine and yeah in the bar
you get 9 panel good cover an entire
wall with these if your bank account was
that freaking deep and pretty much what
these are is these are triangles of
light right so like the Philips hue that
I have all around the house and these
color changing lights like I love color
I love color I love painting room with
cops why you got blue purple more blue I
think you go I think you guys get the
point like I kind of like LED lighting I
think it looks sick and number two is
actually proven honestly look it up it's
proven that if you put an LED strip
behind your monitor it reduces eyestrain
it's good for you so it's safe to say
that I love painting room with color in
the form of lights and these are these
triangles and they're pretty much they
light up and you can put them in any
orientation you want so you could spell
out my name so I could spell out an area
I could make an a out of it right here
this piece of tech can be the personal
touch to your setup and my number one
setup tip is this I've always said it
it's all well and good having dual 1080
T eyes and a nice computer case and 4k
monitors and nice keyboards and mice
that do cool things but please if you're
making a gaming setup give it some sort
of a personal touch like my skull above
my desk I love that fix we think guys
some I've got them all the way back from
the London Apple Store all the way home
in this Apple bag and in tomorrow's vlog
what I think I'm gonna do is maybe take
down the skull and put these things up
and see what this setup looks like
imagine that but with a cool design with
LED voice controlled lights now I do
very much like the skull so this could
be a difficult transition but we'll have
to wait and see well guys being said if
you guys want to check these things out
just type in nano leaf into Google and
I'm sure you can read up all about them
before tomorrow's vlog where I'll go
about installing guys for now mine has
been Alex you guys have been awesome
guys stay off and keep smiling and I use
your guys I'll see you in tomorrow's
daily vlog
oh yeah
