right so at Monday morning just woken up
no normal intro Toby's about to jet off
right it's the kid and well I woke up
this morning and just out here down
there so this massive this massive box
more on that in a second but you guys
can probably guess what it is when I say
this
Toby mate you can sit you can take this
chair with you you can have it on take
take it away take it away yeah I've got
no arms on it there comes our thinking
on the arms there it's also titties off
I'm like me well I'm hoping that is a
chair that's in there is not like
smash that like button
hey bro see you soon mate I hate I hope
to god that that's a chair hope to god
so good morning to you all my name is
Alex welcome to another daily vlog
welcome to my Monday where am i cold
yeah yeah it's still not gone I'm still
it's just getting worse every single day
it's just not getting better so this box
arrived I think it's a new chair from
Beauty Omega but brand new and you guys
know Toby the guy that was with me last
night in his here at my house every
every single Sunday he was on my chair
at home is broken totally broken so I
was like broke just take my old one and
then I'm hoping this is the chair
because people be able to meet me
because if that's not a chair then then
I've kind of messed up so I've just I've
just given Toby my old chair right move
it morning quick jus session my plan is
with this is to try and is to try to
sweat out this cold
fully a little gym sesh and done with
Benny left but 4045 minutes now now I
believe Jordans coming I've got one I've
got my chair Jordans coming over so I
think we're gonna go for a little Drive
with Jordan probably go to town grab
some food I need to pick up some bits I
don't think you guys realize the
struggle of having like massive lips
when it gets the slightest bit cold
outside you just need lip balm otherwise
they'll just it's so hard to like use it
let me tell you guys I need to buy some
lip balm and I also need some cough
medicine and some other bits from town
God I'm in the wars aren't I recently
hey there's Jillian thank you mate what
do you think of the room oh my god like
it Wow
I need to up doesn't work to the network
says a few cables everywhere but I do
need to sort out I'll do that later
so Jules and I are gonna go to town as
we usually do like kind of like once a
week and well we've had a really cool
idea and we kind of don't want to leave
town until we do the cool idea but we
don't know if we're gonna be able to do
it it's kind of a little bit risky it's
gonna be hard to pull off and it
involves the game get the get good it
involves the gimbal drugs are you ready
to go
sweet
George what you feeling mate Nando's
consumed I want extra hot to hopefully
again kick out this cold right let's get
world all the friends
so I've been an angel about three hours
now enjoyed ready for it I took a little
bit of coffee here and now me and Jordan
need to head home it gets dark so pour
some medicine in town guys trying to
sort my favor because it's getting worse
and I just I like it sometimes I can
hardly speak so guys the reason let me
take the reason I've got myself a brand
new GTA mega chair but before I do that
if you guys have seen this channel I
want to get a GT mega but then like too
expensive or just that's not my price
range then I've got a five percent off
code I'll put a link in the description
I know five percent off isn't a lot I've
asked you to make up and getting more
than that but it's that's just what GTA
mega do so I'll put the the code in the
description if you want to buy one of
these be sure to use my code guys cuz
you get obviously 5% off which I think
5% is about 7 pounds off one of these
chairs so down here what chair did I get
well I've got the exact same ones they
got last time because it is my favorite
designer of GJ Omega chair I've changed
on the packaging how do you do it yes
the exact same one except it just looks
a lot newer there we go that is so much
nicer than my old one like an actual
rating costly is Malaysia like an actual
race car seat so it's my favorite one so
well put a few of these together in my
past before so I kinda know exactly what
I'm doing and the fact that I have these
chairs in the office and at home says
something that I actually really do like
the build quality of these yet
imagination people GJ Omega and that's
what happened when he got here how's
your pelvis
and there we go my chair it's all built
looking absolutely wicked five percent
of code in the description I absolutely
battered my last chair this will just
feel so much like she's feel so much
stronger
it feels as if my last one was a fake
one and this is a real one je vais for
helping me bro
appreciate it wait shout your Instagram
I wanna show you Instagram out shut up
yeah go on then go and I'm giving you
the option underscore jewel jawed
underscore jewel talking about history
I'm much appreciated if everything and
Alex where the hell are you going now
you've been out all day and he's gonna
see my grandma because she can't turn a
telly on or something like that oh I've
been pulled I've been pulled right
brother thanks for today I really
appreciate it mate I'll see you soon
yeah see you mate hello mom I literally
changed it from from HDMI to to HDMI
three in it's it's working right no
worries gamma still working right so I
got my route now my number from Barney's
house because I haven't seen but
Barney's like one of my closest friends
and haven't seen him in about two or
three weeks he's been super super super
super busy so I'm gonna go and chill
with him for an hour or so and have a
catch-up and a chat and then I'll come
home and be with you guys home again
let's say about half an hour for that
cough medicine to kick in and it has
literally done absolutely nothing I can
hardly speak brilliant so today has been
well I've really enjoyed it hanging out
with Jordans scene Jed been with my
friend Barney who I haven't like had to
spend money like the proper time with in
the last two weeks he's like one of my
best mates and I've seen Toby as well
yesterday night sitting all of my
friends really really really enjoying it
and I'm so lucky I'm so lucky to be
surrounded by as well as you all of you
guys and absolutely solid set of friends
so if you watching there's any my
friends I appreciate you yes so as I say
if you guys want a GT Omega or what one
in the future be sure 100% to use with
this count code is in the description of
this video and you can go ahead and get
you ten five percent off and honestly I
really need that new gorillapod to
arrive because this one it's eight
literally on its last legs my camera if
I keep using this it's gonna be smashed
and a car Ford that sweet ass guys I'm
gonna go ahead and hit the hay and need
this coal to go because it's honestly
it's driving me insane
but for now guys - my likes you guys
been awesome stay awesome guys keep
smiling 5% off in the description I know
I'll see you guys in my next vlog I love
your faces
