good morning my name is Alex and welcome
to well what is usually well it's gonna
be a chilsen they've love we should
chill out on a Sunday just sit back
relax have a champ actually I said you
guys yesterday's vlog all right said I
wanted to give some stuff away luckily I
will I reached out into my inbox an
anchor you know anchor don't say it well
I remember a few weeks back they
actually sent me these bad boys I
haven't even opened them yet still got
the seal on now I actually use a pair of
these headphones whenever whenever I go
running because well I used to use a
pair of Bose headphones like popper Bose
ones like sport ones but as you guys
know I've got a I've got a an iPhone an
iPhone 7 here and yeah so out of the
window to the Bose I've been using these
come on I've been using these headphones
that when I go running because they just
the Bluetooth and they're like sport
ones so I'm currently giving away 50 50
wait a minute 55 zero pairs of these
they're also doing a 20% discount now
I'll put all the stuff in the
description for you guys there i px5
water-resistant and they just let fit
really well because they likely go over
the top of your ear I told you guys look
at these will give aways links in the
description area so I really hope you
guys psyched about the giveaway if you
want to enter gonna go some headphones
as I say if you guys are sitting this
this but if you guys want me to give
away anything special or you have
anything in mind let me know I said that
in yesterday's video so go and comment
it on on yesterday's video if you have
anything like Kneeshaw in particular
that you want me to give away but I'm
just installing my my webcam here my
webcam on to the the computer here at
the office so you know what I don't
really need it here but then it's just
gonna be like just sat doing nothing if
it's not here so I may as well just oh
wow I totally didn't realize I totally
forgot about all the stuff but I have up
here it's a hard drive there I could use
that I could use this in the NASS that
I've got there's a tutor by harder
what's that doing that wonder if it's
got anything on it I've got about this
bad boy oh look at this I'm gonna got
this from my gateau so with a little
letter oh look at that
what what where is it oh yeah oh yeah I
forgot oh my god I got a little bit
scared then yeah it's like a custom or
gateau HD 60s with my logo are wow
that's cool
the thing is with something that the
series was something as cool as that
that comes in a box as cool as this with
a letter as amazing as then I don't want
to use that I don't think I could use
that when we do the live streaming rig
up there but it's not like a use of it's
more like an iconic thing totally forgot
my head all this stuff man that's it you
know what actually no screw that I'll
deal with that on Monday I'll deal with
it I'll deal with it tomorrow
have some food finished some photoshop
work for a client and I'm a little bit
annoyed actually just justice just
smartly annoyed okay so I'm gonna crawl
in here like this
pretty much I mean I'm okay the lights
have gone off pretty much I made a
massive deal to you guys last week in
the vlog when I received this Synology
thing here this this black bar it's an
ass and pretty much what what an ass
does if you don't know you connect it
into your router into your home's
network and it is like storage you put
hard drives in it big hard drives and
you can access the files on those hard
drives anywhere on the network and even
outside your home so Synology sent this
out to me but I've been having a few
problems with it I received an email
from them just before I was leaving the
office and they said Alex you can't
you're gonna have to you have to send it
back to us because it's clearly broken
it's not it's broken because I am a
slight bit of an idiot when I unboxed it
I just thought it would work like normal
so I threw the box away so I'm hoping
they're not gonna be tuned after that
they're getting their lovely little
Synology box back in in a non Synology
box but I'm hoping it looks like it is
literally about the right size which
perfect there we go they're coming to
pick you up tomorrow morning apparently
hopefully they're gonna send me another
one
I should help me this should this should
help me okay this these ones here these
my vlog opening ones open open on camera
please
okay that is exactly what I'll do can
you guys hear my voice by the way so bad
isn't it I feel so ill okay again Opie
really wants me to open this on camera
hello Alex I'm done and I live in
Scotland in Edinburgh and I love all of
your vlogs or tune in every day to watch
both of your channels but I've got I've
got I've got three channels this guy's
is his only 14 and it's filmed his first
ever wedding video one of his mum's
friends well I hope it went well my
friend this one's got my logo in the
corner
he's printed printed out my logo on it
on a big sheet hellix absolutely love
your vlogs and I always check your
channel to see if you have uploaded well
sir I upload every single day even when
I'm really ill you vlogs have become a
part of my daily routine and they're
very inspirational to me and many others
are well I really appreciate that made
thank you very much what's your name
Pierce I have a question if you weren't
doing YouTube what do you think you'd be
doing I Sofia would be at university
right now I'm gonna do gonna do one one
more of these more absolutely amazing
fan out
Haley's my name is James and I live in
the southwest of England it's obviously
interesting finding out where you guys
live so if I lost you in home who
inspired me to film to YouTube and a
whole lot more you've improved my life
and I can't wait every day for you to
upload this is the thing right honestly
it's scary because well we all know that
Casey nice that's not doing a vlog
anymore the amount of people that will
have depended on his vlogs like just to
bring people happiness
imagine how they're feeling now crazy
I'll create a picture with all three of
your logos on it and I hope you like
them you're sincerely James well James
thank you very much
dan laughs they want water
