my stomach like out on the driveway
clemsoning guys how y'all doing my name
is of course Alex and it's the afternoon
down start my vlog on the driveway not
one just not sure why I'm doing that
well actually I'm saying I'm saying
buyer to this fella here he gave me a
lift back from town last night we were
jammed out to the Oaks and we went to
the shop got some bagels got back about
half-past five I woke up at 7:00 a.m.
this morning and could get bad sleep
again I'm running on two or three hours
sleep my broke thanks for the phone from
town
safe safe travels home cold outside
I broke yeah catch you soon so guys
welcome to my Saturday so don't actually
know how well I'm gonna be able to
demonstrate this to you guys but if
you've noticed and last few vlogs things
have been looking a little bit different
well maybe of no instant and maybe you
haven't I'm using my camera in in a
different way than usual so so my camera
is filming this right now and it's
actually this is what the camera looks
like unedited if it's filming in like a
it looks almost kind of black-and-white
it's a little bit like why it's got like
a white haze over it and then now is
what I've been doing to the video to
make it look a bit better and you may be
thinking Alex what why are you doing
this what's going on and the only reason
I'm really doing this is shooting in
like a flat picture profile on my camera
and then editing the color to make it
look a bit different than usual I'm just
doing it to be a little bit special to
make things a little bit unique now this
is how things used to look this is the
camera in its new picture profile and
then this is the camera with its new
picture profile with them me editing it
now the only reason I'm telling you this
is because you guys are the viewers of
the vlogs and I want you to have full
control over what you're saying and give
me the feedback that I need to improve
the videos so before this vlog actually
starts guys let me know what you prefer
in the comments section down below let's
go
so girls I actually went out into town
last night I have had a really really
stressful week this last week and
obviously always tell you guys I don't
show the stressful and negative parts of
my life in these vlogs it's just
something that I don't want to do so if
you watch these videos you've probably
got a bit of a false perception that my
life is absolutely awesome because
that's all I show I just show the good
bit but believe it or not I go through
just as much rubbish as every other
person in this world and I've had my
fair share of that this week so is that
being said I thought right Friday night
I got invited out by some friends I
don't usually go to town that often so I
thought you know what I'm gonna go to
town I went to town got bought a load of
drinks drank those drinks and then jedd
brought me back home last night and I
was I woke up this morning having like
three hours sleep and I was just like I
honestly honestly thought I wasn't going
to be able to do a vlog today honestly
come on still hurts as well so I think
that the only way I'm gonna be able to
tell myself off for going out last night
is to stop being lazy
take off my joggers and go for a quick
four mile run this is going to kill me
run finished feeling a little bit better
actually just need a quick shower sweet
guys all showered up second shower of
the day run completed feeling a little
bit more sprightly and that's exactly
what I wanted to get out of that right
so today's vlog is is kind of gonna be
is cut is kind of gonna be all about
right cable management I did one of
these videos about a year ago you guys
absolutely loved it and since I've been
redoing the ultimate set up a lot of
people said Alex can we see a dedicated
video on cable management what a better
place to do that on the vlog Channel so
quick disclaimer if you are not into
cable management and making things look
tidy on on your desk as far as setups
are concerned then the majority of this
Vologda probably isn't for you so tune
back in to back in for a chill run
tomorrow so I'm going to go through
everything as it regards to setups
including how to stick your LEDs down
properly to make sure they never move
how to make sure you have a wide
keyboard and mouse that looks like it's
wireless how to hide your monitor cables
and everything as far as that is
concerned and also a little bit about
how I've done my cable management cuz I
covered it a little bit in yesterday's
vlog and everyone absolutely loved it
well the people who watched it loved it
but first there we go we can't do a
cable tidy demonstration with a messy
desk so first on the list is the
wireless mouse and keyboard that whoa oh
my god this gorilla pod is the mouse and
keyboard or wireless mouse and keyboard
it clearly isn't wireless as you can see
I've got a Corsair cause I Kiba Corsair
miles light up Mouse man and there's
there's no cables that go anywhere
on my desk and this is I think one of
the reasons why why it looks so iconic
and the way I've done this if I just
pull my keyboard back as you can see
there's an absolutely perfect hole there
the middle of my desk to route or route
the cable now before I tell you guys how
I've done this I must say I get a lot of
questions Alex you've ruined your desk
by putting a hole in the middle and well
you have to ask yourself the question is
this desk primarily forever first
forever lifetime use going to be for a
computer if the answer is yes then drill
your hole but if you think you may reuse
your desk for something other than a
computer desk then don't do this so
instead of getting your drill and a
little drill bit and doing loads of
holes to make one big hole what you can
do is go out and my god what you can do
is go out and buy one of these this is a
16 millimeter drill bit perfect for all
of the USB sizes I matched it up with
this drill straight through the USB you
know sockets fit straight through sorted
60 mil this is what you need one of
these things you can pick them up
they're fairly inexpensive put it in
your drill put your USB cables through a
bish bash Bosh that's that bit sorted
okay so for the next part of this video
we are under the desk and I'm gonna be
talking to you guys about how to suspend
your cables to the top of your desk so
there's nothing dangling down as you can
see I've got a vast array of cables here
nothing's dangling down okay so one of
the best ways I have found to do this
especially for wooden desks is just
drill in a screw but don't you let in
all the way just a little bit of the way
like that so you've got that much of the
screw out and then then I use a twist
tie put all the pull the cables together
put the twist tie around all of the
cables and then put the other end of the
twist tight round the screw and as you
can see all these cables are now
fastened to this screw and they're not
going to move or fall off okay now this
is a hot topic okay cable tie or twist
tie Alex what do you use well in my
personal opinion I much prefer to use
twist ties even though they may look a
little bit worse the top and bottom of
the story is if you put a load of cables
inside this cable tie and close it up
what you do if you want to add more
cables in the future if you want to ruin
let's say a security camera to one side
of your desk like I have just there the
logic circle oh no all of my cable ties
are to tie I'm gonna have to cut them
all off and then put the wire in and
then read cable to everything no it's
just a bad idea
instead use twist ties because what you
can do putting cables around them twist
them together brilliant and then if you
want to add some more cables down the
line just don't twist it put your cable
in twist it back up sort it right now I
swear on my life
this isn't sponsored but down here I
have the ikea cable management kick
right I'm gonna try and link one of
these in the description again if you
guys want to buy one I'll try my best to
do so now let's take for example again
my logic circle camera right now LED
strips as you can see here these things
are absolute lifesavers for keeping your
LED ver so obviously you can't just nail
through the LED because it would
probably break it and stop it from
working but what you do here this is
going to be hard to explain
you take your cable tack which is right
here you nail it into the wood part of
your desk and have it the other part of
the cable tack over the LEDs can you
guys see that so as you can see I have
absolutely no cables at what is that so
as you can see I have absolutely no
cables sagging down at all nothing at
all productivity levels through the roof
video uploading I am your publisher
background brilliant beans consumed need
to head to the office
I'm down one of the things I wanted to
bring with me and I just forgot it I
forgot I forgot my webcam from home I
was gonna install it on this computer
right why are you guys is an absolute
legend and I'm I'm not a legend because
I forgot who it was that commented there
someone said you should so use these
wireless subwoofers for the for the live
streaming day so I think that's a sick
idea because at the moment I genuinely
have no idea what to do with them and
also guys I'm wanting to do another
giveaway soon so let me know in the
comment section down below what you want
to see on a giveaway what would you guys
want to give away I want to do a
giveaway for you guys it's interesting
so let me know what you want to see but
from the office anyway guys it's about
half past 11:00 at night I'm hoping my
voice is going to be better for tomorrow
I'm going to be feeling a little bit
healthier tomorrow I'm feeling a lot
better now
so with that being said guys I'm gonna
hit the hay - when Alex you guys been
awesome stay awesome keep smiling I'll
catch you in tomorrow's vlog I love your
faces oh yes
Oh
