good morning guys how are y'all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog I told you guys
it's so hot I told you guys in
yesterday's video that's well I was
feeling a little bit under the weather
soon as my train got delayed and I was
at the train station stuck there for
over an hour and the cold gonna be
honest with you guys I feel absolutely
dreadful today absolutely dreadful but
it wouldn't be a productive day and I
wouldn't be happy with myself if I
didn't try to do what I said I was gonna
do it's so hot today I'm feeling crappy
I said to you guys I was gonna record
three videos okay a vlog a main Channel
video and a tech flow video I'm gonna
try and do all three not sure how or if
I'm going to be able to do it so I'm
gonna record if it wasn't already
blatantly obvious appear box opening for
the main channel a few moments later so
we finished it recording the peer box
opening video for the main channel
that's one video down and recorded I
haven't edited it yeah I'll probably
edit it tomorrow and there is all the
packaging that I've opened and then I
got some cool stuff I'm going to show
you guys that you'll have to watch the
actual video I got sent some weird-ass
stuff like weird stuff fake grass I need
to like I don't know what to do with it
I'm just gonna throw it I think okay
I've had this car now my new car for
okay for I think now about a month and
it's been washed three times it's been
washed also three times not by me
my car is is absolutely filthy and
there's an amazing garage that I usually
take my car to to get it wash but I
thought it's a bit disgraceful scene as
I've bought myself a new car and I
haven't washed it myself yet I was gonna
take it to the to the people but I'm
gonna do it myself just got my camera a
little bit wet hope you guys are all
right there we go looking a little bit
cleaner now quickly post some bits
this arrived yesterday oh by the way
nothing arrived at the office this
morning absolutely nothing is here but
well this is here and let's see what it
is together ready I'm not gonna lock you
guys from at first I'm not I'm still not
looking right I'm gonna look now
oh no way okay I told you this is
getting serious now logitech have seen
that I've you know saying I've been
wanting to livestream recently so
they've sent me their brand new webcam
and have told me that it's gonna help
help with them help with live streaming
stuff about it's like smoother in like
60fps and all amazing so this should be
good for streaming at home that is
really really really cool thank you ever
so much
logitech for sending that out have a
little look shall we what we got in here
so it looks exactly like the old c920
but it's not this is the new one
apparently ours another one okay so that
is the new the new webcam I'm gonna take
this hose my webcam at home that's there
now probably gonna bring that here and
then use it when we do the live
streaming rig just after Christmas but
again Logitech thank you thank you very
much that is thank you
yeah that's cool man even comes with a
mini tripod as well
eBay see if there's any going on here
okay what the eBay one is the cheaper
stuff found it so I'm gonna get that
hopefully when that arrives this camera
will fall no more and just lay by it's
ordered the Internet is crazy
right tech flow video this isn't a
normal text flow video and I'm not going
to be recording a video about any
technology but it's going to be probably
one of the best tech flow videos I've
ever recorded in my entire life and
export there we go or finish the tech
flow video okay so I'm going to quickly
let you guys know what actually did in
that tech flow video it's hard to
explain you need to go watch the tech
flow video by the time this video is out
anyway the tech faux video should be up
so go and watch it go to my tech flow
channel pretty much what's been
happening is I've been having a few
imposters pretend to be me and going to
companies and asking them to send like
three products and stuff out luckily
these companies cut along to the fact
that he was an impostor managed to get
as much information as they could off of
the impostor gave that information to me
which included his phone number and I
rang him and sort of prank called him
and it kind of failed a little bit but
yeah go watch go watch tech phone video
editing the video uploaded the video to
run down this dark get my brand new
webcam my phone and the keys let's go
hey Siri turn on the lights did I get
you again a so I'm got this this brand
new webcam then I need to put this up
there and replace the old one oh hello
pretty cat now because all of my cables
go go through the wall this is this is
kind of difficult so the way around this
is to well find the webcam that's
already there so we need to take that
out the computer and then what we do is
we get a different cable I'm just using
a lightning cable and what I'm gonna do
just take these together and then as you
can see here when I pull the old webcam
cable out the lightning cable comes with
it and then you take the new webcam to
the lightning cable that you pulled
through and then through comes the new
cable for the new webcam sort it what
could have been 20 minute job trying to
push the cable through turned into like
a 30 second job with no trouble well as
streaming is concerned as you can see
this is the new xsplit and I've got that
all set up and running now all I have to
do is import like my FaceCam banner and
all of like the notification dropdowns
like followers subscribers and donations
and bits and bobs like that which take
some time but I'd know how to do it I
can get it done then we can start
streaming right Burton 8 I'm off out so
guard the setup about this so guys I've
just got back from a meal and I'm going
out in like I don't know like 45 minutes
we need to get ready but I thought what
I'd do is come on everyone spam in the
chat everyone is spamming in the chat ok
I've jumped into a game of gears of war
and I've got my live streaming software
to work it's gone down a few times but
what I've been doing is I've gone live
with everyone as you can see the chat
over here we're live streaming here with
plates and Gears of War so I'm hoping
I'm hoping that this is live and I'm
just doing this as a test I haven't
tweeted the stream out or anything I'll
put it on snapchat or anything only the
real oh jeez that follow me on Twitch
will know about this stream so we're
just literally testing it out and it
seems to be working as you can see about
the book the webcam border up there and
we're live on the internet and everyone
everyone is chatting and there you go
you're on the blog guys so this is good
I'm enjoying it expect more of these in
the future when again it will set up
properly this is just more of a test
what are these guys doing but I'm gonna
play this game now I'm gonna play one
round of it and then I need to leave
this livestream so guys I can finally
say I've done my first test stream and
well everywhere everything went kind of
successful so I'm happy as usual guys
thank you so much for the support on
these vlogs if you still here a light
rating would be wicked I tweeted about
this yesterday saying just how thankful
I am for all of the support actually
I'll tweet you that today how thankful I
am for all of the support that you guys
give me it's just like honestly like
insane as you can as you can probably
hear my voice isn't isn't getting better
really it's kind of it worse I shouldn't
really be going out tonight but I kind
of need to so guys my name's Ben Alex
you guys been awesome guys stay awesome
keep smiling I love you all to pieces
I'll catch you in my next vlog
yes
