good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex we have to get
up super early this morning to jet off
to a uni lecture so well two hours later
I've just got out of bed Wow now I am
gonna jet back today I usually just go
home as soon as Murray goes to a union
lecture but things have been a little
bit up in the air at the moment so um
I'm staying to lunchtime and then I'm
gonna go home this afternoon so this is
the gimbal that you guys saw in
yesterday's video and a lot of you have
been asking loads of questions on
snapchat about what it's like so I just
thought I kind of show you it a little
bit - pretty much I have this little
plate bit here where you put the camera
and then it has a motor there a motor at
the back and then a motor there and then
it has a little on switch all you have
to do is well attach your camera to the
plate press the on switch and it well
does this there you go it's on and let's
go I haven't had any breakfast this
morning so
ah
Oh
I'll see you soon a sausage a panic mode
Oh
sweet made it to the train station on
time ten minutes to my train departs
back home I'm so happy to be going said
bye to Maria I've got a great time so
this is my Camry editing my videos we're
here straight back in the car guys I
need to quickly nip to Lincoln cuz I've
got something I've got some documents I
need to give to someone and I need to be
there in like 20 minutes
so let's go and this is where I've got
to get paperwork - oh my God look at
that GP 18,000 pounds for that bad boy
well that was easy
paperwork dropped off now well I want to
do now actually I'm back from Manchester
a feeling a little bit like let's go for
a chap oh there she is we'll be there
when I come here and there won't be a
parcel there will be I promise you I
don't know what it is we'll open this
tomorrow because I've got something else
planned for the rest of this video
okay maybe might maybe my thing is now
charged properly Luther blows my mind is
it the fact that this and this are
wireless and then the other thing that
blows my mind is that you can have you
can have for some workers oh well you
can probably add more I've got four you
could probably as many as you want
I'm summatively this thing at the moment
guys and you you guys all know that I
seem to be telling you guys right I'm
going somewhere and then I'll be like
I'm so happy to be home then I'm going
somewhere and then I'll be like I'm so
happy to be home and to be fair it
really surprised me that I haven't seen
in the comment section something like
Alex just stay at home please for at
least a week
don't go anywhere but I think you guys
seem to enjoy me staying at home the
majority of the time and then taking a
little bit of time to go away somewhere
I think nice it's a good balance and
plus for some reason I don't know how
this is accumulated but I seem to just
have a lot of people that I need to see
but I have III don't know I don't think
I have that many fur I don't think I
have that many friends all I tried to
fix this microphone on on the train
here's a clip of me trying to do that
there's a screw that connects there's a
screw that connects right let me show
you guys this bit to this bit I mean you
can see that is so close to the to the
lens and it literally is just a little
screw laughter do is put my screwdriver
in and give it a tighten up but it keeps
coming loose and it's so annoying I
think I need to put some Loctite in this
thing y'all you wanna be in the vlog
guys holy moly I'm just pulling over a
second little hit the jackpot boys and
girls I've got my vlogging lens on and
it's a super wide lens it doesn't do
anything really can you go see it there
like that white thing that's the moon
and if I turn my ISO down wait a minute
there it is you can see the moon okay
that's pretty cool hi can I get it
finally back home and I swear I swear
I'm gonna get a cold my throat for the
last like day and a half has just been
like getting gradually worse so I'm
hoping tomorrow that I'm just not out
the game I wanted to get back all day
for the one simple reason as to get this
gimbal out but put this camera on the
gimbal and try and get some shots of the
setup so what I'm thinking is being able
to get shots like that of like the
keyboard and stuff I don't know I don't
know I'm just I don't know if I'm
talking out my ass if you could just get
some like really cool smooth shots of
like the products I mean it would
definitely take some practice but with
sub like I've got a little bit of
practice you could get some really cool
shots with it okay so if I practice a
little bit more with this gimbal I might
let's get some cool shots but you guys
been banging on saying Alex install the
projectors so just go she'll go and do
it now it's going this freezing outside
let's just go and do it right it came
with instructions on how to do this but
personally I don't think we need
instructions I just think we need a
screwdriver oh wow it actually works
look at that oh my god it actually works
and you guys see the little projection
thing guys look at that can you see that
so when you now open the door
that is sick there we go the mod that
you guys said you wanted to see driver
side
passenger side okay bye-bye so guys
those lights look totally totally
awesome I'm so happy with them I got
them I got them off eBay I've kept the
old ones just as a backup as I said I
got them off eBay so I don't know if
they're gonna break or if they're gonna
just fly just stop working so I kept the
old ones just in case they break so I've
got something else to replace them with
but for now it's a cool idea everything
seems to be going really well at the
moment those lights are totally wicked
this setup we've built together is
wicked this room has come on leaps and
bounds this gimbal thing is a thing of
the future so it's 9:43 p.m. now guys
I'm gonna go and have a think you know
what I'm just gonna have a bath I just
am gonna have a bath get myself to bed
and hopefully hopefully I can wake up
tomorrow record a vlog a main channel
video and the tech flow video so I need
the energy for that so for now guys
Myers and Alex you guys been awesome
stay awesome guys keep smiling I'll
catch you in tomorrow's vlog adios
you
