good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog I'm in Manchester
and here we are live from the Rays uni
room okay I'll be honest with you I've
already recorded this intro but my
microphone wasn't plugged in speaking of
things that don't work if you guys want
to buy one of these Nomad charges I'll
put it in the description this thing
saves my bacon if you have an Apple
watch and you go traveling because it
has a little pad on it where you can
charge your Apple watch and then and
then it also has a lightning cable for
your phone and it has a battery built in
but here's the kicker it only works if
you press the button to turn it on and
so I'm running on 30% charge on my phone
all day brilliant bit a bit dirty so
guys I told you in yesterday's vlog that
I've been waiting for a parcel to arrive
right waiting for this parcel to arrive
for ages and I've told you that every
single parcel I've opened in the office
for like the last two weeks I hoped it
would be this parcel and I told you guys
I was going to bring it to Manchester so
we could open it in today's vlog
together in a bit of a different setting
so I did just that it's in my bag and
it's okay but understand that I bought
one bag with me and this took up most of
the space in that bag therefore I have
really no clothes to wear for the next
two days so I'm still wearing the same
shirt as yesterday but hopefully it's
worth it because this if this works I'm
going to be literally off my okay so
what it is as you can see by the box is
like a it's like a gimbal for my camera
and we all know how absolutely rubbish
the Gorillapod is that I'm using right
now so hopefully I'm not saying is going
to replace the gorilla pod but did my
point just get proven or did it get
proven so I'm not saying in any way
shape or form that this is gonna replace
the gorilla pods but I actually comes in
a proper case look at this so this is
where things are sort of yeah
tiny little bit interesting if you guys
want to pick one of these up the
guerrilla pods falling again I can just
see it falling it's just falling this is
this is the top of the range gorilla pod
and it's just awful oh wow wow wow wow
wow how do we how how do we set this
thing up no way batteries in little
cases so I'm assuming that this is the
handle and it just sort of I should
probably read the instructions but it
just screws into here like that
let me try these batteries guys guys no
way no way oh my god guys this is
immense I don't order it we like to blog
with this thing guys what does that look
like oh my god I can actually block with
it as well like really easily like
genuinely I can just vlog with it what I
want to take this thing out with me
today and vlog with it it's really heavy
though really heavy right see guys I've
just got an ordered new burr let's go
I like spokes yes mate yeah yeah
brilliant thank you
right so guys I'm at Elliot's room this
is by far the best junior room I've ever
seen in my life right Elliot take it
away my friend
what's going down welcome to the pad and
so this is the room for the night so
yeah I got some LEDs at the top which is
kind of it everyone's kind of copied now
if you see at night everyone does it
we've got speakers like deck tower over
surround sound yeah and all of my little
M like storage compartments whether it
be tripods Jack Daniels or sliders
whatever and then through here you've
got tele 27-inch 5k Mac check out yep no
matter what program has got his telly
for watching a movies in bed like that
there you go by far the best year I've
ever seen make out soft you go this is
where you do your time lapses
so we're now on our way to like
Elliott's place where he goes to uni
like he goes here on like the daily to
go to uni in these lectures and stuff
and yesterday or the day before whenever
he's like a different like shooting sets
like it was a countdown he's seen like
Gary Barlow and all this stuff but like
that you're not allowed to take your
phone in or film any of it's obviously
it's all sort of top-secret stuff and so
we're going to go there now and
apparently I need to get a filming
permit to go into they might be able to
get one might not be able to this gimbal
is super super cool that I'm using it
now to stabilize the shot and it is like
well you guys let me know in the
comments section with this some cool
stuff
swing serene this is like media cities
you can see is BBC up here and just over
there
you've got ITV and I've actually just
managed to get like my filming my
filming path right now so hopefully
we've got the okay Eliot said that if
you don't have a filming pass get in
trouble you get ever you get in trouble
you get a big fine and people come up to
you on swag ways and I like take that
camera away and give you a big fine so
hopefully this little pass
we should be all good now you seem to me
to be a man with a mission what what's
your mission today
well I what I'm really about a man you
see I'm a ninja and if I were the man I
couldn't do anything this gimbal thing
is wicked so we're here now right in the
centre of a less University
you've got BBC there the voice is being
filmed that flight probably Doctor Who's
usually being film that fairly amazing
stuff but Eliot's or surgical
opportunity gets you in here this is
immense yes buddy were looking in time
under and sweet you ladies thanks Jim
around you initiate and se yeah
have a safe trip tonight whatever you
doing later cheers bro so unfortunately
the battery my gimbal has died but this
thing is cool
okay I've had the batteries on charge
for like half an hour this thing even
when the batteries are like charred is
better now charge the batteries for like
a little bit longer right look at that
look can you guys see that whoa
you
too many stripes that is far too many
stripes no no I like it I was just
joking so guys I'm not sure what's going
on this evening I think we're gonna have
some drinks in the flat and then maybe
go out I'm really not sure out tonight
is gonna plan out so I'm gonna cut this
vlog short here guys but this gimbal
think I might shake in this thing about
right now and it's just like fairly
amazing light I don't know if we're
going to be able to use this as an
actual thing every single day because I
do like to do shots where I have the
camera planted down and this doesn't
allow me to do that it only allows me to
sort of hold it with my hand I can't do
like time lapses or put the camera down
and do like static shots I have to hold
the camera which is one annoying thing
but I think it's really cool let me know
you think in the comments goes I'm
really anxious to see what you guys are
going to be thinking about this thing
but for now - Malick's you guys been
awesome guys stay awesome keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog oh yes
Oh
