good morning guys bit of an early start
for me today how are we all doing my
name is Alex one of my customers has
called me and said their internet isn't
working so I need to go round this
morning and sort out
I've arrived fingers crossed this is any
gonna take like five minutes to fix
fingers crossed and one hour later he's
done
you
there's more parcels c.c I'm so many
parcels the reason why I'm like
ecstatically happy is because for the
last two weeks I've been opening parcels
in this office and hoping and hoping
that the parcels that I've been opening
would have been this if that's what I
think that is then it's totally wicked
and it feels about the right height the
reason it's taking so long to come is
because it's coming from shiner okay
that is gonna a WoW and then and then
what is this I'm still intrigued about
this I asked you guys in yesterday's
video to put in the comment section what
do you think this is judging by its a
nemesis on it and casco on it but
yesterday's video hasn't even gone live
yet so we're gonna find out now I'm
gonna find out now you guys are gonna
find out when you watch this hey look my
thing is still on the screen about how
to capture the the super moon how ironic
anyway and let's get this thing open
because I did promise you guys that I
was going to open this in in the next
vlog and what is this
okay um wait a minute Oh 4.1 bluetooth
multifunctional speakers what this isn't
what was on the box this is by a company
called Kerwin and on the box this does
casco you know what I'm just gonna find
out what Casco is right now okay you go
see this logo yeah okay you've got it
right ready that is that is the same
logo I'm on the website now okay I don't
think this websites for me fellow like
some equestrian horse riding gear what
I'm so confused okay whatever the hell
these things are well it smells so new
whoa oh look at bass that's a bass whoo
for that is I'm going to put this back
in the box and and and and I'm not going
to I don't know what they are well these
are the power adapters in like a
separate thing
so I've received some speakers without
power adapters and then I've received a
separate parcel with just a load of
power adapters so in my head I'm putting
two and two together and I'm thinking oh
so satisfying it looks like that this
little speaker sits on top of this and
it's like magnetite whoa whoa okay we've
got we've got a lot of stuff here this
is this is a lot a lot to take in
okay I think I'm trying to figure this
thing out so this is like a sub woofer
you turn it on and you plug it in and
then this goes on top and it's like a
portable speaker and then it wirelessly
charges this thing so you can take this
off and then I think this just acts it's
like a sub woofer when you're at home
and then you can just take this off if
you want and take it with you and it
acts as like a a portable speaker oh oh
is on wait a minute
guys so I've got that woman plugs in
over there right and it's very simple
fur and the speak on top connected
together wirelessly right I plugged in a
sub woofer over here I'll press the
button turn it on it just starts working
you can put like a subwoofer in every
single room or in the corner in each
corner of one room I never put Maggie
okay we've got a tweeter once a woofer
two subwoofer three sub woofer and
number fours up there surround sound
bass okay yeah can't call me call me
crazy but I'm doing I'm Hampstead I'm
doing this I'm going to do it I've still
got under the subwoofer I can you use
some we're just gonna leave it up on the
desk and I can just place that there to
start wirelessly charging it oh my god
this is going to be mental God I'm just
sort of like looking at myself thinking
what am i doing I just got told off
having it too loud haha the amount of
parcels I get sent to this office and
the amount of music I have loud that no
one in this building likes me like okay
as I've said I'm 110 percent sure how
these things work so I'm going to do
some playing about with them leave them
to charge and then and then go from
there okay
that was amazing sweet right I believe
or I want to believe that this is the
thing that I've been waiting for for
ages and it's gonna change my weak voice
it's not gonna change my weak okay but
you guys know me oh right she's in
Manchester University I haven't seen her
in well since I went to Antwerp with her
like when did I go to after what I was
gonna do was not tell that I'm grabbing
that I'm gonna go to my
Chester tonight but I might just go to
Manchester tonight and surprise her I
don't know though cuz I need to figure
out what she's doing
so I'm asking like questions like uh
what you doing this evening she hasn't
replied yet but if she's like I'm not
doing much then I might just go down not
tell her and if that's the gays then
well I'll be there tomorrow so I'll take
this with me to make my vlog on tomorrow
because I think I think I'm hoping well
it will be so awkward if I went to
Manchester and then open this on
Wednesday and it just wasn't anything
special but I think it's really really
cool well it is for me anyway and you
guys I'm sure you'll love it too guys
I'm back I've just have some soup so
getting a little bit hungry but base was
mental right okay I've got cat Hellmuth
um I need to sort something out so
currently when I want to play xbox it
comes up to this TV right but when I
want to be live-streaming which is the
main reason I bought the games
I don't want to be playing it on that TV
because you don't want to be gaming on a
TV really you want to put it through one
of these monitors just just maybe that
one movie that what when I was putting
this setup together I did think of this
and did an HDMI cable connect it into
this monitor as well as the display port
for the PC now that HDMI cable comes out
here yes it goes out into the old Gatto
Game Capture HD so we need another HDMI
cable that's going to connect into the
Elgato Game Capture out from the Xbox I
should work toward that ah
check it out look I've done it it's in
well my xbox it's in my live streaming
software and it's also coming through on
my monitor to play games there we go and
then always nailed it
oh he's nailed it so I think now as far
as that's concerned I'm ready to stream
right okay I've just got a text from
Maria right she says she's still at uni
it's like 6 o'clock right now well my
luck she's gone live she say she's still
at uni and she's really busy but she
says she's not doing much tomorrow I
might just go down tonight and surprise
her and just not
I'm going down and just turn up okay
yeah yeah I'm gonna put my train and go
down and see her okay
trains booked gonna go and see Mia right
- be a man with a mission what I do this
man I'm an angel and if I was a man I
couldn't do anything because men always
fail you know he's a limited he doesn't
have the right to do things to make the
world where angels about up from the
plane code of the man as somebody
holding anti-monitor though and the rest
of they're awfully glad you are putting
times a planet earth you bring some good
news
