morning guys how we all doing my name is
of course Alex and no I'm not stop my
vlog yet I look like this and my room
looks like this there's no way there we
go good morning guys and welcome to
Monday
hey so this thing was an absolute
lifesaver the only problem with it is
you guys saw me a box this in a vlog
like last week pretty much what you do
is it so this is metal enclosure from
this company called Nomad they also
supplied me with a load of I watch
strapped which is absolutely insane but
this is pretty much like a portable
eyewash charger and you wrap your
charger up inside of it put this metal
lid on and then you just place that on
top of that it's got a battery in it and
then it also that so it charges your
watch and then you open it up and it can
charge your phone so I took this with me
to upload event it saved my bacon the
only thing is it doesn't come with an
Apple watch charger with it I've had to
buy a new one so I bought one which is
what wisdom box put that in there and
then I've got this one to go back beside
my bed in this charger here right to the
post office sorry guys I didn't tell you
why I was going to the post office I'm
at the post office today well just to do
some work really I'm just going to send
off some some documents and stuffs not
up not that important really oh yeah you
never something like this do I can I
just put it in the post box with a stand
for gonna go get stamps from I
legitimately just went to the post
office and asked the woman out the post
office where I get s post stamp from
right I'm off to take some photos for a
client Wow look at this place this looks
a bit snazzy doesn't it
a few moments later okay thousand in a
day in a while
but I've come to the office now and
there hasn't been it is starting to get
a little bit ridiculous what what is
this I don't understand like just oh
it's pretty it's pretty heavy what is
this a strong day of the week monday is
probably the most important day of the
week my Monday determines how the rest
of the week will go because if you have
a positive mindset on a Monday possibly
the hardest day of the week if you smash
your Monday you're gonna be able to
smash the rest of the week but you see
the thing is today this Monday is that
is a pretty good it's a special Monday
day a universal special Monday it's not
really for me it's also special for you
guys and hopefully this video is gonna
go out on Tuesday so I'm hoping you guys
knew about this on your Monday we're
gonna try and do it tonight in the vlog
pretty much tonight I'm not sure at the
time I'm gonna find out in a second but
the moon is gonna be apparently amazing
tonight like the best night of the year
a part of the moon's gonna be really
cool and I want to go and capture it on
video you need to see what time it's
gonna be ice best and I've also got
another problem okay so I'm on this
website right now and it has the closest
super moon since 1948 arrives on Monday
tips and seeing and photographing it and
pretty much the only thing it's told me
is when the Sun Goes
down when the moon comes up just
photograph it then ever to give me any
tips at all but the thing is I don't
know when the sun's going to go down
because I haven't seen the Sun all day I
mean it's just a bit overcast I mean
we're still in pretty much mid-afternoon
right now and this is what it looks like
where I live like it's just horrible so
I don't know if we are if we're even
even gonna be able to see it or not I
have no idea
right okay we've got a moon to
photograph and I want to go and it's
gonna do something you know what I've
had enough of this or a but I don't know
for myself I'm just an idea I'm just an
idiot
well unbox this tomorrow I have no idea
what it is you guys cows cow the style
of protection you guys let me know what
this is in the comments and we'll open
it tomorrow I want to be real with you
guys okay I want to be real with you
okay you guys if you guys have heard me
say it before thanks I'm gonna start
streaming when Maria goes to uni
Maria's been at uni for almost two
months now longer three months and I
haven't streamed well I have once but I
just haven't streamed and I want to give
you guys like the art the honest opinion
as to why I haven't streamed there's two
reasons really one of them being that my
streaming setup at home we've been well
making the ultimate sets were redoing
the ultimate set up so my streaming rig
has been like in bits that's where I
usually stream at my at my home computer
and it's we've been redoing the series
and redoing the set up so that's been
the reason why I haven't really been
able to stream but that's always
finished now but but that's not the main
reason and no it's not because I'm
waiting to actually do the streaming
room up there that's not a - stream at
home I know I can I've got the internet
stream at home my computer can stream
I've got an Xbox we can play games yeah
the idea that I can do it not making any
excuses I can do it but the last time I
streamed and did it properly and
consecutively and consecutively means on
a regular basis I didn't have all you
guys coming back and watching the videos
every single day and I was nowhere near
the size that I am now like on YouTube
like I'm just nowhere near I was about
when I did it I was nowhere near that
size I probably got 150 to 250 views
each stream and that was fine because I
could physically
remember each of the people's names in
this room and it was really interactive
Oh whatever call me a complete girl in
the comment section I'm gonna be honest
with you guys and tell you guys how it
is because that's how I like to be
honest with you guys I like to tell you
guys guys what's going on and stuff I
feel like I don't want to scream because
like scared isn't the right word I don't
know what it is guys I'm just like
there's gonna be so many more people
watching and I don't know why I just
find that really like frightening I
don't know if it like what I'm trying to
be honest with you I'm trying to speak
to you guys from the heart I know man
cuz it got it got me thinking about it
last night Toby actually asked me said
Alex come on why haven't you been
streaming talk to me and it took me some
time to actually tell him why I haven't
been doing it and I'm making a massive
deal out of this and I know and you guys
are given Alex stream you little you
little silly kid yeah okay I will I will
but I will okay well I'm gonna I'm gonna
stream we're just gonna find some games
let's go on a mission to find some games
I'm gonna have to go back into the car
and get my my wallet which contains my
ID cuz let's be honest I do just look
about nine years old
and I'm actually nineteen so where I'm
gonna need that wallet
have a good evening mate Cheers cheers
mate thank you well that's just been my
day isn't it right a little birdie told
me that the best place to get games
cheaply is like a Asda or Tesco no no no
no no no no no no yes gears we're gonna
go for gears but then that is not a stop
Thank You helmet sweet mission success
well mission half success we've got one
of the games that we want one more game
to get and I know exactly what I'm going
to get it
I do yeah guys I got it right I just
spent like too much money on games I'm
going home that way
oh god that's hurting me a little bit I
just got home right I was over my tea
and okay okay we got the two games we've
got we've got the games which is sick
but then I was having my tea and then
the doorbell rang and then this like
parcel arrived and then I've looked on
here and it says it's from GoPro we go
posted they want to send me something so
I said go now why not
imagine if it just was the Karma it's
just it's just not though is it uno dos
that is odd okay it looks like oh I've
got is the GoPro Smart Remote and this
map thing the goose the goose II net
whoa there we go look so now if you look
at this up here let me try and cheer you
guys with the iPhone light here it is
gonna be so hard it's so dark but as you
can see I've got it suction cup to the
roof and then this little gorilla pod
type thing brings the camera down
hopefully but well a more level I'd
experience when you guys are well seeing
through this camera right here cuz my
head is about here and hopefully it can
capture some six shots right okay with
that said let's go
okay guys how about this main road here
madam a drive all the way down here
simply because right
it's
the moment tonight is meant to be full
going to be the biggest will ever ever
see the moon okay
so put a full beam on it if you guys can
see this on the GoPro during its low
light thing I'm going to drive somewhere
where there's not a lot of natural light
or light light coming from the nearby
town and then we will see if we can see
the moon well okay okay here we go let's
get out this vehicle right so guys are
you ready this is the super moon of 2016
three two one oh yeah and I spoke us
there this is our super moon okay I
don't know guys if you've got any good
pictures of the super moon be sure to
tweet me because I'd be really
interested to see if you guys managed to
get any good pictures I was gonna come
out here and try and take some but this
just doesn't seem very good at all does
it
very very very frustrating about that
about that moon and yeah probably we're
not going to get another great moon like
that until well a long time away there
we go a lot finally installing the games
and well as you can see there's no wear
many both played these tonight because
well they asked me like a load of
updates and stuff so this is this is now
what they call next-gen brilliant stuff
I'm enjoying it I'm loving it so I know
I was being a massive girl earlier and
now that I've told you guys the reason
why I couldn't stream now I'm just gonna
jump on get these games installed and
start streaming for you guys and we're
gonna do this thing properly we're gonna
do it all the time we're gonna be loyal
and we're gonna keep streaming and we're
gonna do it we're gonna have a fun time
we're gonna be interactive and we're
gonna just have that half of the town
with some giveaways on stream and stuff
you guys let me know what you'd like me
to do on the streams in the comment
section down below
I might even create a cutie on it like
things we can do in a live stream which
I'll release in tomorrow's video I might
do that but for now anyway let me know
in the comment section down below and if
you still here at this point the video a
like rating guys would be awesome thank
you for watching today's vlog hopefully
you'll join me again
Morrow and I'll see you in tomorrow's
video IDs
