by hotel room let's go that's upsetting
we're going home today
guys I haven't paid online I didn't pay
when we've got tin and I haven't paid I
haven't paid as we left so we just got
like a free hotel for the
20 guys how we are doing I'm not doing
too well today last night was crazy
I'll explain to you guys about it in a
little while but this is what I need
all right so checks out the hotel
breakfast consumed feeling a little bit
a little bit brighter now the reason why
I'm not feeling the best and for that a
little bit under the weather it's like
it's past midday now I want to be at the
event a little bit earlier again but I
couldn't I just couldn't get out of bed
this morning and that's what happens
when when there's an open bar and you
just keep using it and you get very very
drunk and end up well yeah the rest is
the rest is history all right but that's
kind of what happened so I'm going today
it's nowhere near as busy as it was
yesterday in this event I'm just like
here like editing yesterday's video I
was doing the daylight video which is
yeah
right now well I'm vlogging now but I'm
gonna get me a few guys like I do so
he's gonna continue editing yesterday's
vlog how those doors is just absolutely
mental
enjoy your night last night yeah
everyone it's just dying
wagwan yeah it's nice dream so we're in
the green room is it called the green
room the VIP area
alex is blasting out the twos and it's
been a very fun experience that uploads
and I think everyone's a little bit dead
today it's been good it was really good
wasn't it freeze see
a man of many words yes I did a time
lapse and it took like a few times that
to go over a few times where are you
putting me like the outline of it yeah
that's amazing just I'll just skip on to
the next on this the last bit and I was
just going over again
and then I basically the painter they're
up in the office or something yeah that
is wicked that's definitely going any of
this bro thank you so much for that man
surprise I've just left VIP I'm gonna go
into trying grab and McDonald's to the
event today it seemed a little bit
different living more laid-back than it
did yesterday which is well by the good
and a bad thing I've really enjoyed 32
days it's kind of just all wrapping up
now
ya know legitimately now that is it
everyone is now
Oh where's the car buddy about three
minis in the row we're taking this one
if she
oh there we go made it home hello Harvey
okay
that's the first long trip I've done in
my car and I'll love it this thing I
just like I made the right choice I love
this thing
hey there we go back home and there's
there's himself looking sweet-ass there
we go
I'm home
and I'm really tired after an awesome
weekend glad to be home but also it was
a like a brilliant let's just chat about
it so long car journey home over and
done with really enjoyed the drive back
this time no traffic on a Sunday which
is what I expected made it back up to
where I lived from London in about an
hour and 50 minutes so really not that
bad travelling up halfway back up the
country usually I get the train down to
London but we thought you know what
we'll drive and I also just wanted to
test out the car that I've just bought
so Toby's just in the toilet doing his
thing
it's Sunday obviously Toby's not gonna
come back here and then just drive home
usual Sunday session continues we've got
Toby's second monitor here got you
smashing out a few games of League of
Legends this thing okay a fun actually
made me this and it's like CNC metal
listen to that and then he's painted my
logo on it like that is amazing and I
was just starting VIP and I don't know
who it was
we've got a present for you and I was
like okay so then I ran outside the guys
there holding up this and it showed me
the video if I made it and it just like
wow you guys are absolutely awesome like
thank you so much what a support insane
bully mid-game Ali and ginger Domino's
guy he's on it let's go hey mate all
right
really it mate I'm on my way down oh
please
nobody so please put on the floor set me
absolute jump for the laughing you and
after go and get yourself a beer mate
just love making people happy man ginger
dominoes guy he's been a feature in
these vlogs for such a long time been
bringing Toby and I pizzas for probably
about a year now so I thought it's about
time that I tipped him and gave him a
little bit money to go and treat himself
to a beer or something on a night out
so ginger dominoes guy if you're
watching you're a legend go treat
yourself I keep this thing on my desk so
I'm still like so stoked about it this
is awesome you want to go ahead and give
a massive shout out to Wesley for
putting this together like you guys my
supporters you guys are just like
absolutely wicked he's written his email
address on the back of this I'm gonna
shoot him an email and hopefully he said
he's got some cool ideas that we could
do make some stuff for the office and
stuff for someone wall up so I'm gonna
hit him up and hopefully we can put
something together for that but as I
told you guys before this has been
replaced hopefully soon a lot of you
guys have been putting things on Twitter
like I know what I was you know putting
those gonna put his logo there that a
few people have said exactly what I'm
gonna be putting their love you bye you
guys have been guessing I'm not going to
tell anyone until we do it okay so you
can go ahead and guess but I ain't
telling you there was so much stuff look
at order we took all of this stuff to
the event right all that just very happy
all this is cool yes very happy to be
back this is really cool
so like the day after I got my car I
made a video saying should I mod my car
should we do any accessories to it and a
lot of you guys said we should do some
things to it and I thought you actually
linked me to this really cool product on
eBay which I bought and it looked really
cool and it's not like a mod that really
really does much it's just something
that's cool doesn't really change
anything but pretty much you know the
lights under the doors when you open the
doors they like shine onto the floor
here they are look at these little
things and they have little projectors
built into them and they actually shine
the mini logo onto the floor when you
open the door so that should be
cool so that was one of the mods you
guys said it's finally arrived all the
way from China so I'm listening to you
guys when you're talking to me on
Twitter which is awesome that is wicked
gonna be really intrigued to find out if
they're any good on harm but for now
this piece of time right then guys
Toby's run off to the spare room I just
had a quick shower and a change of
clothes because I've been having the
hotel shower for the last like three
days and it's really wanted to have like
a long shower
so there's 94 pounds for this if I'm
gonna get it I'm gonna stream it alright
here's the thing I had to go for Dead
Rising for or alright I'd go for Gears
of War for you guys let me know down in
the comments section but anyway my
name's Ben Alex you guys have been
awesome stay awesome guys keep smiling
I'll catch you in Monday's video let's
have a positive week adios
