it's quite early in the morning so ready
to annoy everyone in this whole corridor
come on you guys are doing my name is of
course I like to welcome back to another
daily vlog that was so loud
run away down third now to get a little
bit of breakfast morning London I don't
recommend Premier Inn at all the wi-fi's
rubbish there's no hair drier than off
mainly toothpaste and the breakfast was
very very mediocre and plus they gave us
a room with very little natural daylight
so we are that way to the YouTube and
then upload the traffic is bad the
weather is bad it smells it's a little
bit rainy but we're optimistic we're
looking forward to it I don't know what
to expect to be honest
lately Bennett is about five minutes
right and I went to us the security
guard where the room was I could come
get to water and
literally just got trampled hugs his
secure you have to like take me away
though like drop me to set you already
typos everyone but that that was awesome
awesome to meet you guys
where I go or just wanna get the toilet
and I just kick you guys are crazy
thank you so much for all of the support
thank ya guys
I'll put your linear bro thank you very
much I appreciate that man right and the
message to Finn is that she messaged on
it relevant Finn signing off
so his chilling in the VIP room
everyone's come in to get food so it's
kind of like hot dog dump in here it's
very busy like the whole event is just
really really
Bizzy seems so many of you guys which
has just been absolutely incredible
so plus they're really really really
enjoy good point there you don't need to
look at what your record in then it's
natural if you're looking the way you
record any no wonder censure what's
going on behind me here scape it's going
down what's going down
great break from the event I've come to
get some food because it's very very
experiencing on the good old hunger
doing these sorts of things but I'm
really ain't doing it like the upload
event there's something about it which I
just really really like compared to like
insomnia which is a more of a mainstream
event the upload event is kind of just
more for youtubers and I like that I
really like that and everyone's just
really happy and all the other YouTube
is happy and
everyone's just like awesome and it's
just so nice coming out to these events
and just seeing people and I've come out
to get my keys and the security guard it
was like Alex I watch your videos can I
have a picture and it's just like
mind-blowing so I'm just walking to
trying to get some I don't out we've got
some got some more Mars bar supporters
there we go there we go let's selfie it
up I've never seen one of these with a
nose before like you don't even go
inside it's just like a like a
drive-through McDonald's we're in the
vlog here you go you in the blog say I
thank you no worries I think we don't
have to do this there you go thank you
thank you no way I think there was a we
ever won as well
cheers bro have a good day
but it's getting quite late now I'm
gonna leave this venue go and get some
food I've got some blue haired guy
looking at me
whose coat suits the temperature back in
the hotel room oh so Toby's just jumped
in the shower I have uploaded
yesterday's vlog managed to get it
edited and uploaded 20 minutes late but
not too shabby I want to tell you guys
something
and I want you guys to comment where you
guys to let me know be interactive if
you guys have this enabled on YouTube or
not so I know some of you guys have got
smartphones like the majority of you
probably have a smartphone and lying
around right do you have the YouTube app
installed yes or no in the comment
section and also do you turn on
notifications like this is Jack's phone
I've just uploaded my vlog and if you
look on here it actually says he's got a
notification a lock screen 38 minutes
ago that I uploaded my blog so if you
click this little button right here it's
a little just a little bell right next
to there how many subscribers whoever
you do it out so click it there you go
you want it so it looks like that and
then that means now you'll get a
notification when someone uploads the
video which is pretty cool
right to your phone brilliant okay so
video is all ready to go main channel
video is processing YouTube please hurry
up we need to go grab some food
food consumed main channel video
uploaded blog uploaded everything is
going right half past nine little bit
late now to the Seidman after-party so
we're gonna head there now but I'm not
taking my big camera I'm gonna switch
I'm gonna switch over to the beloved the
one and only
