good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another day vlog this morning I have
just uploaded a tech flow video just
uploading now yesterday's blog and now
I've got to finish off recording part 3
of rebuilding the ultimate set up now I
really after day just tomorrow same day
you guys seeing this possible I can't
believe you've done this it's currently
about 20 past 12:00 toby is coming here
at half past two so well pretty much in
two hours and in that two hours I've got
to finish off recording episode I'll get
it edited and get it uploaded two hours
right I'll see what I can do because as
soon as Toby arrives we're off to London
and have it even packed yet but what you
can't do is create excellent work on an
empty stomach right guys please excuse
me for a minute while I eat this record
the second part of part three get it
edited and then I'll be back with you
sweet all finished up recording now I've
just opened Premiere Pro gonna get this
thing edited right so we have edited the
video we have a Toby that has arrived
it's kinda cleaning his laptop and now I
need to pack the Sun is going is going
down that video took me three and a half
hours to edit a lot longer than I
thought it would but I thought I may as
well just get it done it did so I need
to pack all of my all of muck it up I'm
gonna take more stuff than probably
probably what I need to take right let's
time-lapse it
sweet so it is like sort of
mid-afternoon now the Sun is just going
down hopefully I can't well there's no
reason why I shouldn't be able to get
that video up for tomorrow there's no
reason why I shouldn't be able to do
that I forgot something
hair gel washing up bag need those right
nice drive to London the Bible bye bye
Doug bye bye cat bye baby
bye bye Toby yeah come with me oh yeah
here we go I'm gonna install the GoPro
somewhere in here and like try and film
this somehow right okay to London I
really wanna make it worth 10 10 15
minutes it's stopping up for a quick
field break and possibly to get some
snacks just been cruising down the dual
carriageway I've never driven to London
before so this is nude
we made it
yeah we just can't wait to get nun days
we've come all the way from if you heard
of nothingham yeah we're from Nottingham
so we've just come up to Oh
Sheffield very nice so this right here
is where is where Toby and I mean this
geezer that's where the magic happens no
this is legit where the magic happens
we've just played a game alone and
Toby's gonna want me to show you this
because well okay a little bit of sumac
Chinon that I'm gonna point out right
there for the people that do play lull
that was taupe in the most routine game
we've played so yeah we've got a little
bit of a setup going on now the the
hotel internet are paid for it and it's
awful so we're not actually using it let
me show you my little my little
contraption so far okay we're going from
4G down this cable into my macbook out
the map book into this USB to Ethernet
cable into the net Duma which is then
giving Wi-Fi to Toby's laptop and
Ethernet into my gaming laptop and it's
working kind of so that's that that is
the setup right now so the drive down
here was well we hit we hit traffic
because I was trying to edit a video
that was about for you guys tomorrow
which which man we have to leave a
little bit later which meant we hit
quite a bit of traffic on the way down
but it was a good drive down really
enjoyed it with driven with parts I've
got the tube we're now at the hotel all
ready for the event tomorrow the upload
about which should be fun
don't know what to think of it so far
that have any idea what it's gonna be
like so I bought this this this HDMI
cable thinking it might have a nice big
flat-screen TV in there in though
to plug into I'll show you our TVs
absolutely huge thing my laptop screen
is bigger than that thing so yeah this
is the little setup we've got going on
right now pretty cool pretty swag I'm
probably going to edit this video this
blog coming down here like either
tonight or really early in the morning
because I need to be I'm gonna be she's
gonna be at the event very late tomorrow
night and then there's a no I don't
think I'm gonna even allowed to say what
I'm doing tomorrow evening and then
there's a little something after the
event which gonna have to attend but
that's just like not something I'm
allowed to talk about really in this
vlog and let people know just because of
you know specialty of you guys get the
point but yeah this is what we're
dealing with right now in the room the
hotel room is actually full-on massive
like it is genuinely huge
yeah it's unnecessarily big and so we
just put his clothes in the corner don't
we to tell you how much of it of a real
mate Tobias that is how you do it what I
think genius pretty yeah pretty pretty
standard stuff I shower got me got me AC
there back right so guys I'm just
changed here Toby and I are gonna go out
into town for a bit grab a few drinks
possibly go to revolution and then
probably come back and get rested up for
tomorrow so it's gonna be a big deal I
said don't know what to expect so I'm
gonna cut this vlog short here guys
management Alex you guys been awesome
sales and guys keep smiling I'll catch
you in tomorrow's video adios
so basically what was thinking of this
ah I can't believe you've done this
