hey good morning guys how are y'all
doing my name is of course Alex welcome
back to another day vlog I'm happy to
say this it's a nice day today
what's your intro brilliant it finished
up breakfast it's a little bit of those
days again where it's like three videos
in one day a vlog a main Channel video
and a tech flow video we can't have
already filmed that a flow video last
night but we packed up at 2:30 a.m. came
home seemed to be the right thing to do
absolutely knock it today great start
let's get large box
why don't specify this large box what if
you blind you can feel the box it's not
the same it's not heavy enough for it to
be what I really want it to be I would
tell you guys a lot recently that I've
been well expecting a package to arrive
in every single day of how to package at
the office and it hasn't been what I
thought it would be and this still isn't
what I think it will be just cuz it's
not heavy enough and what I'm expecting
to arrive is really game-changing but
this it could be it I mean I don't know
what I didn't like a bit of a bit of
good packaging ready just use no matter
what language you get
so these are some really cool so these
are some really cool accessories from a
company called nomads then just send
these out to me and I said to them I
check them out and I've got a Louis
Vuitton Apple watch strap on at the
moment and this one looks really nice so
nomads actually drop me an email nomads
being the people that make all of these
accessories that I've got here and they
said Alex do you want us to send you
some of our stuff and well it's nothing
to say no so I said yes but it's not
sponsored or anything and I've got to
sent me it that is probably the coolest
thing they've sent me
maybe that lightning keyring thing or
maybe this same thing but micro USB
instead of lightning or maybe this wow
that's really nice not a massive fan of
this silicone one has to be said I'm
more of a leather guy myself so this one
looks pretty swish I didn't really quite
like the chunkiness of the Louis Vuitton
band this one's a bit thinner smells not
real leather and looks a lot fresher
packaging to the max no way wait a
minute no way oh so you put your Apple
watch charger in there and then inside
there it plugs in via the USB cable you
put that on there and then your Apple
watch just sits on the top and then it
has a lightning cable for your phone
genius super impressed thanks first man
Yuki accessories they're really cool
now we've got to see if this thing
stands up working on on a tableau video
for the rest of the day brilliant
excellent video rendering out wolf this
stuff's really cool let's go and abyssal
driz gonna go and see my grandma
yeah so come to grandma's to see them
and they're watching my youtube videos
whilst I'm I'm here I know I'm going now
thank you for comment
it's okay thank you for having me kids
growing up see you soon
always put the smile on my face going
around to see my grandma and granddad
and like it's the one time a week where
I get to see my mom so that's cool as
well I get to shock her and still
brilliant made it home for the evening
any problem is I don't want to get out
my car cuz the heated seats are so warm
sweet so here is all about
after watch stuff from that nomad
company earlier that is all really cool
stuff I'll probably I will just forget
to put a link in the description yeah
check them out if you wan don't if you
don't
so tomorrow guys tomorrow it's London
Alex what do you mean it's it's London
well I'm going to London tomorrow
and I usually usually get the train down
now I know you guys know this but if you
don't know I'm actually going to London
tomorrow with Toby yes I usually get the
train down Toby and I have chosen to dry
just gonna be my first big trip in the
new car which is gonna be really cool
no Alex what
in London for is the question people
will be asking if they've been hiding
under a rock for the last two or three
weeks well yes I'm actually attending
upload events the sidebands upload event
which is gonna be awesome
my plan is that I'm gonna meet you guys
and well I'm not gonna be able to hold a
camera when I'm meeting you guys cuz
that's just a tiny bit rude
so Toby's coming down with me to chill
with me and to try and video the vlogs
so that should be really fun I'm also
thinking of taking down a an Xbox one my
gaming laptop and maybe trying to stream
so tomorrow morning I'm gonna pack up
all of that stuff and I think we're
gonna believe in about 2/3 p.m. get
there when it's nice and dark
so in yesterday's video we've mounted
the K arcades up here right and honestly
the amount of people I put a photo of
this distance on Twitter the amount of
people that went mental over it was
phenomenal I had youtubers not gonna
name any names just yet but I'm talking
with these youtubers about setting up a
new series after Christmas rebuilding
youtubers set ups like going to their
houses and spending a day with them
redoing their cell bringing a camera guy
and have it all shot cut and edited
really really cool that is what I'm
thinking
so I'm gonna set this up it's gonna be
well it's gonna take a while cell but if
I'm gonna set it up it would be really
cool and I want to know if you guys
would love that and if you would smash
like right on the video so let me know
but honestly guys with the wall mounted
speak well not wall-mounted that raised
up speakers like eyes just so I am just
super super super happy with it I'm
gonna go ahead and hit the hay a bit of
a short to vlog today I am literally so
tired so so tired and I've got a massive
weekend ahead of me it's two minutes
past 10:00 my husband Alex you guys been
awesome stay awesome and keep smiling
I'll catch you in some rows
yes
