good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course I like some welcome
back to another daily vlog just been
into town I'm on my way to the office in
town right so today was the day of the
presidential election right and I don't
usually cover these sorts of topics in
my videos but this has been so big and
everyone has talked about it I feel like
I would be a bit of a miss in a bit of
strange if I didn't cover it so pretty
much now about time you guys are seeing
this and by the time I'm recording this
video the votes
the votes are and Donald Trump sir
Donald Trump would first Hillary in the
third pie Trump won
now I like to make Alex who would you
vote for I have no idea
now I know I know I understand and I
know that this it's a massive deal and
it's that much of a big deal but if it's
talked about on YouTube no matter what
you say right you'll get some stick for
it right
so Alex who would you vote for now
here's the deal with this right if I say
Hillary Clinton I'll get some crap if I
said Donald Trump I'll get some crap if
I said third party I'll get some crap
and if I'll say I don't want to disclose
it I'll get some crap but I'm not going
to any of those and I'm not not gonna
say nothing either what I'm gonna say is
I don't know I have not done the
extensive research and to to to to have
an answer to have a solid vote for
something like this for something that
is this
serious or was that serious you need to
do the research it's not what your
friends tell you it's not what Hillary
or Truman tells you right they're gonna
say anything absolutely anything to get
your vote and then as soon as you're
voted they don't care they're gonna say
anything to get your vote even if it's a
lie even if it's a lie so to answer your
question Alex who would you vote for I
don't know I have not done the research
and I am NOT someone to sell tell people
who I would vote for because I don't
know we're not people just give back
it's obvious Alex isn't it should a vote
for Hillary chat about trouble isn't it
I have no idea but why does it even
matter because I couldn't vote anyway
I'm English anyway that's my lens
absolutely crap oh my god my lenses just
broke a thousand pounds of a camera lens
won't focus oh my god guys are not even
joking I've just taken my lens off my
camera right smashed it on its side
three times on the table to see if it
couldn't fix it's obvious or something's
broken inside of it and it seems to be
working again is it where is it focusing
I can't talk to that of a flip-out
screen it seems to be working I was
literally about to cry okay I seem to
have fixed this camera these guerrilla
pods I swear on my life
I swear on my life it's the worst thing
the worst camera accessory but also at
the same time the best camera accessory
ever because there's nothing better than
these guerrilla pods that do the same
job but they still suck yeah
this company says they're gonna send me
something really cool which I'm gonna
not tell you guys about but it turns out
that it was just a loot crate
I don't understand what these things are
I don't understand I don't understand
this like what is it what are they just
like a box of random stuff you move what
is that what are you gonna do with that
the concept it's super cool
but I just don't get it honestly as well
the amount of times this camera has
fallen over because of this Gorillapod
and that you guys haven't even seen
because I haven't even been recording
but the amount of times that you guys
have seen this camera fall because of
this guerrilla pod is nothing compared
to the amount of times this camera has
fallen when it hasn't been recording
honestly I'm surprised this gorilla pod
has not killed single-handedly killed my
camera right guys excuse me for an hour
or so I need to go to a client
finished up at my client meeting so
obviously something is broken inside of
this lens and I've got upload event
coming up this weekend off - off to
London to meet you guys upload event
games taking this camera with me can't
afford for it to fail on me and I just
I'm just don't know what to do and it's
just like really hit home like not hit
home and I rely on this thing to do
these videos and uh I like to take care
of my things I like to take care of
things I think still look nice like
things to work most importantly and I
like things to just be nice right and I
don't want to write I'm very aware that
a camera is a tool to get the job done
if it breaks it breaks you buy a new one
I know that but that doesn't stop me
from taking pride in the thing as that I
own and making sure I take care of
things
unlike usual I know what these are I
usually say something along the lines of
guys I have no idea what's in this
parcel and I'm like being deadly serious
well I see you two comments and some
people are like I'll let you know what's
in the media tryna sound cool
now genuinely companies just send me
stuff without me even knowing what they
are like I have but uncle yesterday sent
me some earphones sick for the one off
time I actually know what's inside of
these what's in this one isn't for a
vlog it's for a different video
isolation pads speaker stands maybe
probably if you're on the ball know what
know what these are for these are for
the that the rebuilding the ultimate
setter but what I don't want to do is
make a fool out of myself and unbox
these in the ultimate setup and then
them not be the right height for the
monitors so I'm gonna make a fool of
myself in the vlog not on the main
channel video I want to make them one
down one to go
now the plan was tip like that to give
you some extra added lift we can sort of
nailed it so when I'm stuck there they
should sort of aim straight at my ears
KRK I am so happy with the results we've
got them the perfect height like with
the actual stand itself then the foam
which the foam actually aims to speak it
inwards towards my ear hole guys I
honestly don't understand how I've got
the height so perfect at least something
has gone right today now it's got to put
the other one up okay that wait a minute
no no no it's better like that
there we go that look at the K Arkady's
they're looking sweet and I'm surprised
that my camera is actually focusing so
sweet as that setup is looking gorgeous
but but the rest of my room sort of sort
of look isn't right now who's got the
stuff everywhere
we've actually got a skip on the
driveway at the moment you know a skim
right if that's what you call it in
America but like a big a big tanker on
the driveway at the moment where you
just fill it with rubbish so what I'm
gonna do is well perfect opportunity how
a little bit of a clear-out
a coffee please made just a flat white
my first mac is in this car no eating in
here though brillo just arrived at the
office going to eat my food then we go
into McDonald's is because I needed a
coffee so I've got that I thought I'm
just gonna get hungry
stop what foods as well right I'm gonna
eat this then start filming take flight
242 a.m. just finished bright guys just
made it back home finished stressful day
for me today guys almost broke my
vlogging camera before the upload event
which wouldn't be good films tech flow
video baby see a client about some
internet unbox load stuff sorted out the
camp okay's I'm tired I'm gonna go to
bed - Brown likes you guys but also some
salesmen guys keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog I love
you all
yes
