oh yeah I'm fed up I'm fed up
oh it's horrible so dark and gray and
cloudy and awful today but welcome to
Tuesday guys my name is I like to
welcome back to another another daily
vlog I've got to do one thing which I do
like once every two weeks and I
absolutely hate doing it so I think if
you guys saw in yesterday yesterday's
video I said in yesterday's video that I
had a load of jobs to do I didn't quite
get the whole finished yesterday's I've
had to go to Nottingham which is about
40 minutes drive away from my house
today to sort some other bits out and
pretty much for this week all done on
the boring stuff what do you think about
the weather it's atrocious isn't it he's
just like no no I don't write care these
are for me wait a minute these are for
me there we go it's right in here oh
just look at it it's just like so we
order some stuff on Amazon yesterday
this isn't from Amazon I'm assuming this
is what we order from Amazon I don't
really know what this is so we'll just
kind of see the hard drive for there for
the mass and they sent me a memory card
thanks guys
I kind of obviously do know what what
this is no I don't that wasn't worth oh
it was this what is this okay thanks for
the present
so what I'm thinking here is that well
if I get this hard drive out and I'm
assuming you just fit the enclosure
around it like that pop the sucker back
in and there maybe the disc one light or
light oh hey right before I get totally
shut out of daylight let's go
come on okay this is the route that I
usually take to the office every time I
come to the office and it usually takes
me not five five minutes to get to the
office I've already been here 15 minutes
45 minutes later you know I'm turning
around I'm turning around man no way I'm
not doing this yeah screw you traffic
wasting my day okay we do just have a
slight bit of a problem one problem
being that well these units that I
installed in part two of rebuilding the
ultimate set up these two units this one
and this one they're not attached onto
onto the wall properly and the holding
like thousands of pounds worth of
equipment when I was in the shop
yesterday I managed to buy these things
hopefully they will resolve the issue I
now with my red socks on declare this
room officially finished oh man it's
just looking sweet I'm just so wait a
minute what there we go with the full
screen wallpaper oh my god right quick
gym sesh
hailer areas Oh gotta get in the Beast
so jords is just over there getting a
parking ticket we have come to Peter
Express because we're hungry
Alex yes balls balls have been consumed
on jeans there the night as far as balls
are concerned feet stretch breasts dough
balls they are the real that they're the
real deal mill finished sick George will
you be disappointed if I don't of a
parcel mate
okay mystery solved how did the parcels
get up here yeah he knows no one knows
absolutely no idea
it's just dawning on me how absolutely
awesome PlayStation VR is absolutely
wicked like when I got it in it arrived
I was so like buzzed I didn't really get
a chance to sort of take it in but it is
just immense
hey how's that
jaws man what do you think a PSV are
like it haha I was like so close to you
didn't realize came up to your face and
I was like makes you big to say is that
you any downside to right parcels to
open in tomorrow's vlog so jobs being
the real G you see this thing this is
like the exterior of my car key jords
being the real G bought me a new
surround for my car key and ah I don't
that's what you call it but yeah that
looks absolutely sweet bro yeah the red
max V Wimmer is the net my carbon fiber
lies just like the racing stripe thing
checkered may that it's super super cool
thanks bro it's definitely better than
the black phone keys Jordan what are the
exams to make you like it here is second
the second visit and you still loving it
yeah yes and you absolutely love it
George mate that's one nice little trip
nice little even though I've enjoyed it
thank you
brilliant back home as you guys know can
watch the vlogs for a fairly long time
I've been well friends with Jordan for
quite some time and we tried to see each
other like once a week sometimes you
just didn't get round to it this week
we've managed to spend a few hours
together go out for a meal little catch
up and he said to me that he was begging
to play on the the psvr
and seeing him on it honestly seeing him
playing the PlayStation VR in the office
was kind of a little bit eye-opening
seeing someone else like play it and be
and be that taken away and blown away by
it and it made me see the PlayStation VR
in a different light what I mean by that
is an in no way am I saying that I
didn't think the PlayStation VR was fun
when I first got it I think what
happened was I was kind of so blown away
by the PlayStation VR and taken in by it
because of its immersive experience I
couldn't really portray in a video that
it was like awesome because you put the
headset on and you're just there like I
like with your mouth open cuz it's that
good and it's just unreal and like
seeing Jordan on it and seeing his
reaction was just like a little bit more
eye-opening that that psvr is like
next-level stuff and I need to live show
me playing that once we've got this rig
finished right guys it is half past
midnight right now very late one for me
I'm so tired I'm gonna get into bed
hopefully you guys have enjoyed today's
video if you haven't slop it a lot
rating but for now guys - me
