good morning guys how we are doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog just first bug
starts guys I want to say I've got a
really busy morning this morning it's
just hit like almost 9 a.m. I'm probably
going to be busy till about 1 o'clock
and it's just boring stuff that I don't
really want a vlog it's just stuff that
I've just got to get done so with that
being said I'll see you guys at like
1:00 this afternoon okay I promise
I love you brilliant finish all of my
jobs up for today it's currently sort of
getting dark you guys know what I've
actually been doing today being on the
phone with like dot-gov they like the
good that big not the government people
but like I've been having major problems
trying to get my lot my old number plate
on my new car and about to make loads of
phone calls go see loads of people gotta
get back to the mini gauge oh it's taken
so long and it's still not finished but
hopefully we're almost there my brother
is home from school early oh dear what
you done mate deliver on what you're
done black man owes a huge job I was
running and I wasn't looking we're good
I turned around the ranch
oh Christ my nose oh strip spray onto a
bed so you're running playing tag
weren't you and you ran him ran into a
bench was it really really hurt really
badly you learnt your lesson know you
can see your own nose can you right
gonna quickly nip to the office
technology I know what serology is so I
love what this is
I asked serology to send me one of these
pretty much what it is is you plug into
your network and it has like hard drives
and it or SSDs whatever you want to put
in it and you store all your files on it
and then all your files can be backed up
or sorry accessed throughout your
network so it great for backing up
computers storing media files like all
your films and I'm not talking like a
little bit of storage you put like you
put like five to ten terabytes of
storage on this thing and it backs up
all your computers and stuff like this
it's something really cool
why I'm so oh my god I'm so looking at
this that the other people in this
office building are just so nice because
the amount of parcels and what they must
sign and just come and put outside my
office is like unbelievable however I
think that I didn't know this was
arriving because I saw the sort of am
the detracting number I got a text
saying it been delivered that is why
I've come to the office today
because I'm really excited
I am literally always wanted and that's
before
hey guys by the way when I was in the
airport on the way to Antwerp last
Friday that videos uploaded last
Saturday I said to you guys let's do a
time lapse competition right you guys
the amount of time wow just wow I don't
even know what to do but I only said
time ups competition because I don't
know why your guys time lapses are
amazing well some of them are I mean
everyone that sent me one on Twitter
already a star for effort but some of
these time lapses I'm like I've got
sliders that are moving like really
slowly and it's like stars and oh my god
they're amazing inspiration Wow guys GG
if you guys want to send me your time
lapses hash tag them with the hash tag
Mars ma RZ time lapse one word and I
don't know I'm not going to do anything
with them yet but if I have a giveaway
coming up in the future which I do
giveaways all the time then I might use
these time lapses as a way to give yes
do a giveaway so just make sure you
hashtag Mars time-lapse and if you're
already done it re-upload it in hashtag
Mars time-lapse ok cool speaking of
Twitter these are think I'm going to get
these for the desk you know for redoing
the ultimate setup part three we need to
raise the speaker's up above the
monitors now these someone like me these
on Twitter these look like a good
candidate okay someone here asked a
brilliant question how tall is the
tallest and near the height lowest 65
centimetres high as 115 so I need to
make sure that 65 centimeters is about
right what I want using these monitors
is an example I want that the bottom of
the speaker literate to say it parallel
with the top of the monitor so 65 meters
I mean centimeters might be a slight bit
too tall but we'll measure it when we
get home and also this arrives this is
cool
right right the hairdresser's coming to
mind in like five minutes get him a
haircut that's why I haven't planted yet
it today cut to get this mullet cut off
your guys request and mine too I know
it's getting a bit men so I need to fly
back home so we just got home
hairdresser isn't here yet but
sixty-five cents oh no speaker sounds
need to be 46 centimeters from the
bottom of them 46 centimeters I don't
know what to do I could technically make
my own ones thank you your order has
been placed okay I have an ordered the
speaker stands I've ordered two hard
drives for that NASA boarded two three
terabyte Western Digital red hard drives
hopefully as you come for Wednesday and
then I can get this thing set up but for
now I'm still at a loss with these
speaker stands okay wait a minute if I
pair this be text and with these studio
monitor acoustic isolation pads guys
were onto a winner because then that the
exactly the right high and with the
isolating pads I can actually have the K
arcades not facing like this high in
outwards I can actually tilt them so
they're facing at me and that is what
you want right hopefully this should
work right I've ordered them hopefully
locum this week haircut time
you
guys
good thing sweet now I'm possibly
looking a little bit sharper because it
was just like a beehive before like it
was just like what I'm going to do now
is keep my fingers crossed right keep my
fingers crossed
touchwood that those speaker stands that
have ordered are going to be the right
height I'm really hoping this I'm just
gonna stick it there we're almost ready
for the ultimate Corsair oh my god this
gorilla pod is awful okay let me just
address this now Joby if you're watching
which you just won't be these gorilla
pods right to be fair I've had it a long
time but these like the joints between
them and they just go but this is so
flimsy now this is just so flimsy like
it's so easy to move them I can move it
with my pinky and my camera just there
on the lens is a massive dent in it
because this gorilla pod gave way like
three weeks ago my camera fell over but
massive dent in the lens I'm surprised
that he smashed the glass so I need to
get a new one of these at some point but
yes we are so close to almost having a
fully Corsair decked out desk and I
cannot wait I think my camera guys come
in here Wednesday or Thursday this week
we're going to finish off recording part
two of rebuilding the ultimate settle
which is going to be really cool gonna
put the corsair mouse on get that oh my
god this gorilla pod man get the
speak'st and set up and make this thing
look wicked but for now my name's Ben
Alex you guys been awesome snails and
guys keep smiling and I'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog adios
