six hours now in this van back home 703
a.m. in the morning I'm in Antwerp and I
need to get back to England
so
back
just arrived at the services oh gotta
mortars 1 hours ago
I'm home as great as it was to get away
it was also well it just felt just as
good to arrive home again so today was
absolutely manic is currently half past
five in the evening on Sunday I did
something today that I've never ever
done before and that was well going on a
train that goes under the sea but
getting on that train driving onto the
train in a van apologies about the
quality by the way I'm recording this on
my iPhone more on that in a second
so got up super early this morning it's
taken us six and a half hours to get
back on taking me six and a half almost
seven hours to get back home to up super
early this morning got in the van then
we drove to the France border got on the
train put the truck or the van on the
train with us
we took the 40-minute train under the
sea under the sea then arrived in
England and then it was what four and a
half hours in the van to drive back
drive back up to her I live in the East
Midlands so today has been well it went
really fast actually most people would
say I bet that was really boring I don't
think there was one bit I found bored to
be honest with you the only problem is I
love my camera at Maria's house Thomas
Lee the Vans drove to Maria's house then
Maria's mom drove me in a normal car
back to my house
I left my I've left my camera at Maria's
house enough scope I can get it on Thai
but before I do that I'm gonna go ahead
ah an empty my warm bag but I took with
me there we go I somehow managed to do a
weekend abroad in one backpack how I
don't know right camera I got my camera
back
how are you sneaky devil how you doing
part of that looks rather interesting
back at last bit of a stressful evening
this evening I tell all my all my people
to get internet from my house without
the internet it's not gonna be on this
evening because well the internet in my
house has for some reason died and the
end of the day there's nothing I can do
about it light please we've got a a very
very very busy week this week well I've
got a busy week this week I don't know I
don't know about about about you guys
what is this it pods to the max okay
JD's now these absolutely wicked I've
totally forgot I was just talking about
but these are cooler than clearly what I
was talking about because well these of
what what I thought they are when I saw
them and all of them these look cool
pretty much you know the air pods for
Apple announced but didn't actually
release yet these things yeah well this
is what's gonna be a cheaper version
than the air pods oh cool what is wicked
a cheaper version than Apple's air plus
and they're already out like that you
can buy these now but I don't if they're
any good or not oh you put the earphones
in here and it starts charging them and
it's like magnetic capacity mm or you
push it in so it recesses and you don't
lose the
oh wow this is a 2100 milliamp hour
battery in it obviously to charge these
little guys but has a USB port when it's
I'm assuming it's like a power bank as
well for I don't know let's say an
emergency charge 2100 milliamps is not
going to charge your phone a full to its
full capacity but if you need to make
that last phone call this has got your
back and it's also your headphones I
don't know how you use these things I'm
assuming instruction in power off state
is press and hold the multifunction
button on the two headsets at the same
time for six seconds the red and blue
LEDs will flash alternatively put the
two headsets close let's see if I can
find these things on my phone if this
works I'm gonna go mental
oh oh very successful this one but not
this one let's give it a go it works
hahaha what okay check this out look
okay these things are really really
really cool the fact when you're wearing
them you just can't feel anything is
absolutely awesome but they're not
perfect you don't sound great but
they're really cool I try and provide a
link to them in the description if you
want to buy them well I'll probably
forget to put the link in the
description but that's what they're
called because I'll probably forget it's
Sunday and I should be going home right
now to meet Toby book tow is actually
not going around tonight because well
because I'm spending the whole of next
weekend with him and you know what next
weekend is what you should do it's it's
upload event the side men's book the
side men's upload event yes
toby toby is coming with me so if you're
going to be at the event you're going to
also meet Toby yeah
wait for it so cool sweet guys once I
have pushed the button which which I
would I already evidently have done as
you can see right here it means that my
Sunday is coming to an end bit of good
weeks been a good week I've enjoyed it
this week coming up though
going to be mega busy but I'm happy
tomorrow all right tomorrow because I'm
getting this Cup finally finally it's
going well it's not I'm not doing a que
si but I'm just gonna get get a little
trip out mate on my way down now okay so
you guys with that being said I got up
so early this morning to try and travel
back by car or van all the way from
Antwerp near France back up to England
through the Channel Tunnel was such a
strange experience and I was eyes I'm
just have been a kid too because I'm
going to enjoy his pizza and then hit
the hay so guys I'll see you in
tomorrow's video Monday tomorrow let's
have a productive day start of the week
- Ben Alex you guys have been awesome
snails and guys keep smiling and I'll
catch you in tomorrow's video I love
your faces adios
