8:32 a.m. unalloyed see mirror she left
to go to work
over and out
morning guys apology about my hair and
appearance it's very very early that's
good a very early today to get ready
through the show but anyway guys good
morning how are y'all doing my name is
of course Alex and welcome back to
another daily vlog so we're here today
in Antwerp and I'm with obviously Maria
and she is inside getting a store ready
and this is the queue that people are
about to come into this event
okay all of that is a slight bit mental
I'm gonna go through the side door now
because I've got my ear I'm VIP
wristband on
I never realized how hard it would be to
vlog without a Gorillapod there you are
oh wow it's so cold out today
good afternoon Antwerp are you doing
so I've been at the crisis event all
morning helping helping Maria out and at
the stand at one of the stands and not
one of stands a wonderful chap called
Tony made this for me absolutely awesome
look at that so cool absolutely love it
I managed to time-lapse it so you guys
saw him actually drawing that which is
really cool
so I'm super stoked about that probably
going to get it framed and put in the
office that's really cool
it is literally so cold outside I'm
using music Maria's your jacket as well
as my jumper and I've got a shirt on and
I will probably still still be cold I'm
gonna go and try and find a coffee shop
to edit to edit yesterday's video right
I think I've managed to find some sort
of a little coffee shop so I make them
away there now it's one thing I
absolutely love doing is editing a video
sat in a coffee shop absolutely loved it
and I don't know why whilst I've always
try and find this coffee shop it may as
well make use of my time by doing a
slow-motion sum in slow motion
okay I found the coffee shop but it
doesn't look as if it's open I'm not
gonna I'm not going to do the orc walk
to it and see and be told it's not open
so just gonna I'm just gonna move on
with my life and try and find a
different coffee shops
I'm assuming that coffee means coffee
this way
three video all edited and the weather
has turned rubbish this is all pretty
cool though like this look at his pirate
ship map
okay mr. Ashly has then been here about
half an hour and that's it it's over for
today everyone its closing away their
stores check this out finished done got
you finished right now okay we've done
our way we've done forever sweet guys
finished up a quick bite to eat it's
well it's dark here now it's quite kind
of nighttime and the reason I'm quite
happy about that for once it being dark
you know Alex usually complaining about
it being dark no I'm actually quite
happy about it being dark because I want
to come out try and take some long
exposure photos now Alex why did you
want a long exposure photos well I don't
know I haven't taken them in a while and
I thought well I'm in Antwerp I may as
well come out and try and be at least a
little bit creative and you guys know
that website graphic stock that do like
the stock photos that you could just buy
I've always wanted to put some of like
my own work on there that people can use
in their own projects actually so it's
been something I've wanted to do so I
thought if I try and take some photos I
might be able to put them on their
website and then other people can use
them and stuff however I'm a little bit
I'm sure of the laws and stuff like I
don't think I could take a photo of a
product or a shop because well that's
kind of coffee right isn't it so if I
kind of just out in there go in the
middle of the tree oh my god and try and
take some really cool long exposure
photos okay let's see what we can do
okay I've just taken one that was pretty
goddamn cool down the middle of this is
on the screen now okay now let me try
some white light trails
I'm taking these photos these are
awesome check these out
okay this is cool fun okay just behind
me beside a boat show some sort of a
dock thing go check it out I haven't had
a chance to look at this one frock flea
yet because it's on a small camera
screen but what we should find is that
the water around the votes should
instead of be rippling she'll be really
calm and like you should see the
reflection of the boat in the water now
the reason it does that is because we
use a long shutter to do these shots a
six second shutter which actually
smooths out the water really cool stuff
time to rain really badly now
