6:43 am I'm off to Antwerp today
which means I'm gonna get a train to
London tube to the airport airport to
Antwerp and I didn't get its leaves all
of us - right let's smash this
we're going
but I've made it into the airport now
that was so boring and I'm so tired
so no probably a lot of you're confused
as hell as to why I'm in the airport and
what's going on and everything like that
well I'm just going to Antwerp with
Maria this weekend which is pretty cool
right quick Q&A Jonathan Pollard says
hashtag ask Mars can you tell us how you
started YouTube well I was 12 years old
and I was 12
didn't have many friends so just made
youtube videos i think lewis says
hashtag ask mars if you could visit
anywhere in the world with the boys
where would it be and why and i think i
hit the nail on the head with that one
going to New Zealand and Australia for a
month it was a little bit too long but
we had an amazing time joe says at mars
while gaming hashtag ask mars can you do
a time-lapse competition Joe well done
time rocks competition send me your
videos on Twitter guys every single on
here take some time lapses and send them
to me right that'll do for this little
Q&A I need to go get some food from over
there
so here I am in Antwerp Belgium arrives
now a lot of questions Alex why are you
in Antwerp to start with what are you
doing me I think what's going on I'm
here with Mia if you guys don't know me
it's my girlfriend and she works for
like a like a reputable like wargaming
company and in this venue right right
behind me this thing here this this long
building thing okay let me speak in
terms that I know you guys understand
you guys know the events like insomnia
54 and like egx and the upload event
with the sidemen it's like a big
convention isn't it and if you go inside
and there's those of stalls like like
computer stalls and it's a big game
store you know inside is all the stalls
and stuff like logitech this is the same
thing but for people that are into like
war games and stuff personally I'm
really not into that stuff I don't
really like I don't even know what get
what's going on but she does and she
enjoys it and she works for like this
company that's inside there and they've
got a stall so she said to me look do
you want to come down with me for the
weekend we'll get like a flight and well
I'll be I have a lot of hotel and stuff
and I said you know what yeah and the
main reason I said yes was because it's
just nice sometimes to get out the house
you know I mean like I'm either at my
house I'm in my office and that is like
my life now for like forever
so like if I get an opportunity to go
somewhere I'll go somewhere it's really
not a long trip by any stretch of
imagination it is pretty much I gotta
get back on Sunday like some a Sunday
afternoon so it's not a long trip at all
but where I'm standing it's like two
massive cranes above me and this this is
the event inside here it's called crisis
and then this is kind of what it's like
inside
so we have arrived at the hotel room for
the evening and I've also arrived at the
conclusion but I possibly need to get a
haircut welcome to our room looking
looking pretty looking pretty looking
pretty swaggy and I'm looking at the one
thing I am looking about is that I
remembered to bring an adapter with me
because it was literally last minute I
was like leaving the house and then I
thought oh I don't have an adapter I'm
not gonna have to charge anything so
yeah I'm just I'm just lucky that I
arrived at the conclusion to bring the
adapter with me cuz otherwise had a bit
of it screwed okay I'm definitely today
has taught me that I'm just not a
morning person getting up at half past
six I even set my lap half past five I
was gonna go to the office at half past
5:00 this morning my half plus half plus
my alarm went off and I just said no I'm
not doing that got bought by six that
was a struggle in itself it took about
six hours to get here train to
Nottingham playing here then a taxi and
then setting up all day which was well I
don't really do much but still was very
tiring and it was cold and it's very
very cold but we're here now so that's
that but as I was telling you guys I
really just need a little bit of a short
break away from like home life and like
just going to the office and stuff and
my very sort of very sort of I don't
know the word is my very sort of routine
lifestyle yeah I just thought you might
need a bit of a break from the humdrum
life the shopkeeper you know see some of
the high life now routine definitely
isn't a bad thing it's a good thing
don't get me wrong but doing the same
thing every day can kind of just tire
you out and it lacks inspiration so when
Mia told me she was coming here with
work and she said
with her I was like well yeah sure and
you guys haven't seen him all day
we caught up really early this morning
and she were Bertha like a mess and she
prefer not to be in the video I think
she's having a shower Mia are you doing
washing your face so yeah that's that I
literally get back on Sunday so I'm not
very long not sure what I'm going to do
tomorrow but we're gonna do a little bit
of exploring go to like a shopping
center or something and just go go do a
little bit of exploring and different
things like that but I just needed a
little bit of a break from that home
life if that makes sense it's not a
break from this vlogging thing in any
way obviously I'm still gonna be
vlogging tomorrow and I'm well I'm back
someday so yeah it's just everyone to
get away from home for a bit about five
minutes ago I had like a black coffee
and I don't think tellin my liveliness
I'm usually like all hand gestures and
movement and I'm just dying a little bit
to be honest with you guys traveling
this morning getting up so early and
going to bed at like 1:00 a.m. last
night wasn't the best idea of all things
to do and we should have gone to bed a
lot earlier last night I knew I was
gonna be up at 6:00 so I'm gonna go
ahead and get some sleep before I get
ill and I'll go and do some exploring
around Antwerp tomorrow we'll do a
special themed Antwerp vlog sound cool
sweet right its 9:06 p.m. totally for me
to leave and go to bed but I'm gonna do
it anyway
my husband likes you guys been awesome
I'll see you in my next video
