good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog got some work to
do this morning for someone all of this
equipment has arrived and I know all of
you have wanted me to walk you through
how I install things on the roofs
because you always sailor Alex how do
you have the confidence to go up on the
roof of someone's house to put a dish up
how and well yeah I know I don't really
know how it's got do it so I'm
installing an internet receiver on
someone's house this morning here's
those massive outdoor ethernet cable and
there's another one I've got a spare one
just in case this is the thing you
actually attach to the chimney so that
you drill to the chimney and then you
attach a pole to that which goes up and
gets bolted to it and then you attach
your like little radio that picks up the
Internet to the top of it now I bought
all this stuff on eBay couldn't find a
pole anywhere but I think there's one at
the end of our garden somewhere so I'm
also going to dig that out we're going
to do that now well there it is just
taking half the garden down with it but
there we go what these are well let me
tell you where these are there's iPhones
and stuffs in there giveaways and stuffs
I found the winners I've got their
addresses
I'm going to send them their phones and
then I'm off to my client install the
you guys can just sit in there
all pent off yeah now off to my install
and it's just started raining and I'm
gonna be on the roof installing this big
pole sick right okay I'm in this loft
right now this cable here this black one
is going out to the roof all of this is
the interface of the radio so I'm
plugged into it now I've got the graphs
about the speed that it's pulling and
you see all this here these gray dots
you need to try and make it so there's
not none of these grey flashing dots so
hopefully when I've got the radio all
installed properly drilled up and it's
at the right angle it shouldn't have
those dots it should be pretty clean
pretty clean signal and that is because
my radio is pretty much just propped up
against this wall got my drill let's go
pro time
sweet there we go unit all installed up
there cable runs down here plugs into a
Rooter and then goes down a power line
cable sick and it's too much it's dark I
took a lot longer than usual oh I love
my job
brilliant
back home gonna grab a quick bite to eat
and then go to the office it has taken
me so long to do that install and it
snack it I come back to this then it's
just looking so amazing no packages
today no nothing I think no we're good
get into the point now where it gets a
little bit rare forget to the office and
there's nothing here to open it's like a
Christmas but doesn't automatic
Christmas every time you walk in here I
want to talk to you guys a little bit
about mindset and there he goes again
you guys oh here we go as a guide yeah
today has been so god damn rush to go
this morning edited yesterday's video
which took about two and a half hours
put on the time-lapse and there's
someone who wanted an internet service
off of me said that they wanted me to
come and install it today and the
equipment I ordered to do the install
today didn't arrive Hindu I had to go
into my own garden and rip out an old an
old TV erial and take the pole off it
we're not I was fine I went around took
the GoPro managed to get the mast up
installed at the top of their house and
then it turns out that the units of
faulty the unit that I put on them at on
the on the pole is it's a fault it's
faulty
it's faulty then I have to go to the
like my client and I'm like I'm sorry
that I can't get yourself up today
because the unit I've bought is faulty
and now I've got to return that so God
they all got return it package it back
up send it back off then wait for them
to get it for them to send me a new one
and it's just hassle that just isn't
needed unnecessary hassle and it's the
things that are unnecessary that really
grind my gears but then what I've been
doing recently to tackle my gears
getting grind by stupid little things
like that
is well perspective if you think about
it at the end of the day no one's got
hurt
nothing terribly bad has happened I'm
going to get the new unit send the old
one off yes it's a little bit of an
inconvenience it's not really that bad
go back round one of the days next week
the clients happy they're fine that the
unit's broken it said I'll don't worry
about it and I'm like and I'm like I
will worry about it I'll worry about it
a lot but it's just one of those things
it's got a look at everywhere different
perspective no one's been hurt it's not
bad everything's fine it's just a little
bit of hiccup and everyone gets hiccups
now but enough of that I'm finished work
for today this thing we took a look at
it yesterday I sent no message I was
like yo guys I'm going away this weekend
to Belgium can you put some Belgium
dator on it for me so I can do me videos
upload these things while I'm away and
then replied emails finished I'm going
to take this with me and just sort of
you know
touchwood fingers crossed that before I
get to Antwerp this weekend they put
some data on this for me right guys I'm
back home now it's about 9:00 p.m.
unfortunately I'm not going to be able
to upload on the main channel this
weekend I'm not actually even in the
country I'm not actually even in my home
country this weekend I'm somewhere near
Germany you guys heard of a place called
an Antwerp Antwerp yeah I'm going to I'm
going to Antwerp this weekend not sure
why I'm just going well don't worry I'm
still gonna be vlogging so then guys
what what are you thinking so far then
what do you think of the the masterpiece
that I've managed to put together what
well watch your thoughts and opinions I
know I know mr. skull isn't working I
might even be replacing that school in
the final part of reading the ultimate
set up with something even better than
that Scully but we're thinking Alex was
better than that school well we have to
wait weren't you but other than mr.
school not working what you guys
thinking I mean this it's pretty friggin
sweet isn't it
there we go I've got the laptop I've got
the hard drives I've got the Google's
pixel I've got my bag
got my charging cables got my 20
thousand milliamp anchor battery am i
fired advice a GoPro MacBook charges on
the floor down there and of course and
of course I'm gonna need this camera oh
and how could I forget the beloved QC 35
there you go that's all I need to take
as I say I'm only going for the weekend
but there ain't gonna be any part three
this weekend so you guys are gonna have
to wait but my name's Ben Alex you guys
been awesome salesman guys keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog and
yes I'll be vlogging over the weekend a
promise adios
Oh
