Oh range for miles I've only got four
miles of fuel in the tank oh dear I
probably messed this up and I've got to
go to the wha no I'll go see a client
and I'm already late right I'm gonna
have to run off to risk this client
meeting finished range 1 mile ok the
petrol station is a lot longer than 1
mile away it's about 3 or 4 miles away
oh my god I literally have like zero
bars low consumption driving fun please
save me I can see the courage of you I'm
here oh my god I made it I made it
I've done it I'm here we made it
sweet car filled up worried over
meeting done good afternoon guys how are
you doing my name is Alex and welcome
back to another so today got a really
free day today not much to do at all
got to title yesterday's tech flow video
sweet pretty much the only major job
I've got to do today done this video is
now live I'm gonna be going live one and
a half hours after this one it's pretty
cool actually
everyone tech flow okay on the chill day
not much to do today
as I've said got a few parcels to open
let's get these things open an LED strip
what's so special about it
remote Georgians tension cable LED strip
oh no way
the power by USB
oh okay okay that is a cool idea okay a
fair play that's cool there's so many
uses for them they are definitely going
in a tech photo top-five there's so many
things where I'm like I will really want
to put an LED strip there but I have a
power supply genius DHL today these are
a few of my favorite they burn one it is
but it's cool sin it's in Chinese
okay as a Wi-Fi a signal and a power LED
4G free roaming hotspot okay okay okay
I'm really confused now I've been sent
this device it's called G local me right
and I've connected to it varies Wi-Fi
that it's giving off right and I've got
Internet access right I don't know Mars
bar miles bad well there's me it's
working I mean speed test let's do a
speed test yeah I mean what it's like
free it's like a free internet box
what's going on this really is quite
interesting pretty much what you do is
you get the app on your phone and click
on packages and then and then you can
just literally type in where you're
going let's just say for some random
reason that I'm going to bailed you all
right you click on the search you type
in Belgium and then it pretty much just
tells you how much it will be for data
in Belgium $29 for 3 gigabytes of data
in Belgium pretty much it's not free
Internet it's just sort of taking away
the stress of going to another country
and having to go and find and buy a SIM
card you just have this device and you
tell it where you're going and you
purchase how much
and it just works it connects to the
cellular data and you get Internet
pretty cool free internet imagine if it
was just a box that gave you free
internet wherever you go that would be a
miracle but then again if it sounds too
good to be true it probably is
oh sweet as that device though is really
cool I'm gonna leave it here on charge
overnight and I think this weekend I
might have a really cool trip coming up
maybe just maybe hey by the way massive
shout out to mr. Ben Brown I used to be
whilst that used to be when I have time
I used to like watch all of his videos
used to be absolutely obsessed with his
visual vibes series on YouTube do you
guys want a really cool video to watch I
recommend you go watch it just type into
the YouTube mr. Ben Brown arctic visual
vibes
honestly surgical video massive props to
him and he used this awesome song called
quick musical doodles I'll put it in my
playlist it's so good honestly
sweet guys all back home now check this
out look you know what told you guys a
while back when I was getting my new
cars that the car actually has a
built-in hard drive all that SSD in the
car where you can actually store music
in the car on the car system now I'm
talking Drake 2015 hundred billboard
gorillas JME que no some focus the
script
Eminem Kanye West Coldplay keen next guy
arctic monkeys the coupe John Bell Ian
2016's Billboard hits up to let's say I
don't know July and the killer killers
up and the Red Hot Chili Peppers so I'm
just copying it all to this memory stick
here and then we're gonna go copy it to
the car they go look it's got 19 percent
20 percent I'm assuming that's the
percentage status if we actually
importing the music onto the car Wow
okay that's now playing you see that
little thing there there's a little
focus camera this little thing that
means hard drive is playing from the
hard drive of the car success but now I
can take this memory stick out turn off
the car and my music is now stored on
the cars hard drive that's awesome I'm
gonna regret this I need to try and take
this keyboard out of here yes I do any
keyboard up here somehow I get one shot
at this if I get it wrong that's it
sick so done all this now looking sweet
as I need to get I need to get a Corsair
Mouse a thing to match to match the
keyboard at the mouse mat and then we're
looking sweet I'm probably going to run
I've got the mouse put into this at the
moment I'm probably gonna run it all the
way through when I get a new Mouse to
the computer so we don't have that stuck
out there but really liking it and I
don't even know how to configure this
thing yet we're really not sure but
hopefully it's looking pretty sweet I'm
liking it without the that they spend in
Mouse map oh and everyone said everyone
said what the hell happened on Sunday
well we're doing this team tonight hey
guys I'm always checks really really
cool out he's 3:30 in the morning take
me just come after the spare room a lot
of you guys were actually asking why
Toby was on Sunday cuz T you guys know
Toby usually comes around every single
Sunday we have Pete sir and yeah the
Aviator and sit there play League of
Legends and he didn't come on Sunday you
guys saw the vlog and he wasn't now you
were all asking why pretty much it was
well yeah yeah yeah tonsillitis guys
check this out
how cool is that right guys I'm gonna go
ahead and hit the hay absolutely like at
3:30 in the morning and I've got to be
at an install tomorrow morning for
someone's broadband which is about to
get up for that so yes nice what I liked
yes sick anyway guys my name is Minh
Alex you guys been awesome stay out some
guys and keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's video adios
