so I've always said to you guys that
personally I don't like fake designer
clothing if you want to treat yourself
to something sort of nice and designer
then please go ahead and please go ahead
and do that
I'm not massive fashion geek as you can
tell but I'll get a lot of questions
about this this LV Apple watch strap and
there's a lot of you will know I said
that this was fake and it's not it's not
fake this is actual LV material okay but
this isn't an actual elderly Apple watch
trap like you can't buy this and that's
what I like about doing this it's kind
of seen better days now right so what
I'm gonna go ahead and do is take this
strap off and I'm gonna tell you guys
actually how I get these real but not
real LV straps done again this is real
LV material but this isn't a real LV
strap well pretty much guys this this is
my new one this is my new LV watch trap
again not a real LV watch strap but it's
real LV material OOP cycled straps from
an LV bag that someone write has
handmade handmade into a watch strap
number one year of helping recycle
material and number two it just feels
good quality around your wrist because
this is actual leather me personally I'm
not that bothered about the fact that it
says LV on it I couldn't really care
less hence why I've got an LV watch
strap that now doesn't say lb on it I
chose one that doesn't say also that
guys is the story of my watch Strauss
Alex where do you get them from well
spend about half an hour searching on
eBay and I'm sure you'll find
funny guys now the Apple wash wrap is
all on an all breaking in I need to get
myself a nice thick coat down because we
have some real some really horrible
weather this morning but this afternoon
it seemed to have perked up a bit so I'm
gonna be spending the remainder of my
afternoon on the roof with a 2,000 pound
radio I don't even know how I'm gonna
get it up there
so one of you guys recently tweeted me
and reminded me some things reminded me
that I just want to thank whoever did
tweet me I've just seen it that I would
have forgotten if you didn't tweet me so
the other day we got a parcel delivered
to the office and I told you guys that I
wasn't allowed to open said parcel until
the 14th and it's now the 15th and this
exact thing happened a couple of years
ago with the same sort of product from
the exact same company so this is it
down here but I want to show you guys
something something first
I was looking for it on on this shelf
and this is my gear shelf I mean a lot
of gear down here to oculus rifts and DJ
sparks but all this stuff on here is
things that are still in the box like
this still has and this and these and
all of these still have the cellophane
wrapper on it but this is all brand new
gear but if this office got robbed and
they took all of this someone can make
it absolute minting all this stuff down
here this is just stuff that's already
sort of in use in the office but enough
of that guys we need to focus on on this
today
what it's what it's wireless Wow
this piece Wow guys I'm blown away at
this thing okay before I explain what
this is first off I'm gonna say I think
this is aimed at the more casual gamer
so here in the office we have a room
dedicated to casual gaming and that's
the new room up there so let's take this
up there and I'll explain what's going
on here so guys I'm gonna put a link to
this in the description this is called
the courser k63 Wireless and I think
this is gonna totally reimagine
keyboards in the gaming industry now as
I've mentioned this keyboard guys this
keyboard this keyboard in all of its
Wireless glory and yes it's Wireless and
I know a load of you are turning off at
this point think you know it's wireless
that's the whole point of this keyboard
so you can connect it to your computer
via bluetooth right which is standard
for all wireless peripherals keyboards
my speakers or what course they were
doing is included in the box is this
tiny little black USB dongle with the
Corsair logo on it and Coursera claiming
that well if you plug directly into your
motherboard with this thing the
connection lives should just go solid
straight away without even pairing and
you get pretty much compared to Wired
unparalleled performance right this is
Wireless
right I don't quite fancy spending my
whole evening mowing down kids in pubsey
so I'm gonna stop playing there about
about three games so guys I am a massive
corsair fan I love all of the products
that they make all their PC stuff all
their peripherals and this is the OG
laptop that a couple of years ago they
sent me out and the same thing happened
you guys tweet your menu a lot Alex you
forgot to open that box from courser why
is it open it now and this was what was
in said box two years ago and now it's
is this
so obviously guys this new wireless
keyboard this k63 Wireless is well it's
nothing like this because all this is is
is a keyboard and this is the complete
package but tethered with a cable well
of course they were doing with these new
products as far as I can tell is you can
buy this keyboard right separately and a
separate wireless mouse right yes
they're doing a wireless mouse I don't
have it yet and I believe the mouse is
called something like the dark core or
something oh mine this was the laugh dog
what you can buy now is what they're
calling the lap board which will allow
you to sit in your Wireless k63
and also the dark core wireless mouse on
it much like this but then the whole
thing is Wireless or is this was the
complete package and everything for in
its place and it was tedious to put
together you can buy all these things
separately have this is your main
keyboard upstairs plugged in with a wire
and then when you want a game on the TV
downstairs you simply bring it
downstairs put it into your lap board
and I have to say it's amazing 55 inch
4k HDR TV up there playing some poop G
or any game you want off a decent
computer in 4k with this little guy is
really really cool and it's definitely
gonna be used with the lap board and the
new Mouse for the live streaming room in
the summer
now I'm planning to looking at people's
better to get the office because it's
after I was here in the office and
somebody just asked me if they can
borrow my car so what I'm gonna do is I
need to get some exercise today so what
I'm gonna do guys is run home from the
office and I've never done that before
it's a long way and they once they
finish with my car they literally need
it for ten minutes then they're gonna
drive it back to my house it's very cold
out very very cold out
guys are hard to keep stopping I totally
forgot the fact that I had to bring this
camera with me on the plus side though
cooking some ex guys that course a
wireless keyboard is something from the
future as far as gaming peripherals is
concerned wireless peripherals have been
a thing that people have put off for
such a long time but about now 2018
right now 2018 I think they're a pretty
good competition for our wired people
out there who always rely on a cable and
still it's always best to plug in with
the cable but we're getting closer and
closer to a wireless future guys money's
metallics you guys have been awesome I
hope you've enjoyed today's daily vlog
and if you did guys please smash it
already and really really help me out
and if you really want to go ahead and
buy some merch I'll put that link in the
description but guys I'll see you
tomorrow
adios
