money guys overdoing my name is of
course I later welcome back to another
daily vlog the other day I told you guys
I said I wanted to stop being more
healthy as regards to me doing exercise
go running and doing things in the gym
and eating as well and I also want to
get my sleep schedule correct which it's
really messed up at the moment goods but
at 3 a.m.
isn't good and it's not productive and I
also said to you guys in the day
choosing a time to start is startings
worst enemy
people always ask me how I do my hair I
use this stuff called got to be put in
my hands brush it through my hair I've
used so many products in the time that
I've been alive in the space of time
that I've been in this planet use so
many hair products got to be is the only
one that actually keeps my thick bonnet
up um so yeah Vince the gym walk the dog
went C for clients Internet was okay
and just take ins into the afternoon
speak of the devil this is the guy that
actually showed me got to be used about
to be don't you all the times must using
actually recommend it yes enough said so
got a fair a few things to do today it's
another one of those days where it's
three videos in one day a vlog a main
channel video at Oak flow video lots of
work to do boom today's vlog I'm gonna
be upgrading this bad boy got some
things we need to do to it this is gonna
be my new MacBook I'm not gonna deck it
out with some cool stuff so what I'm
gonna do is this work hard on you a
sticker well I'm gonna do is put this on
the MacBook which is gonna then black
out the Apple logo and just leave it
with this little lightning bolt in the
middle then what I'm gonna do is take
this wrap off and install this darker
wrap to match the darker Apple logo and
the reason this is a little bit serious
is because after that I'm gonna do
something that's going to change these
vlogs for the good or maybe for the bad
okay this this is gonna be harder than I
thought pretty cool half-and-half let's
get the rest of this off
oh my lord that oh my okay oh wow but is
immense and I'm honestly not sure how
well this is or isn't going to work but
let's see if the Apple logo lights up oh
no way that is nice now you are probably
thinking Alex what's the next thing that
you're gonna do are they going to make
or break the vlogs and I'm aware and a
strong believer in if it ain't broke
don't fix it I get it my videos in a
program called Final Cut Pro in that
program is where every single one of
these videos for the last almost a year
every single day has been edited getting
rid of Final Cut Pro
and installing the brand-new Final Cut
Pro and this is what I'm gonna be
editing all the videos in from now on
and there we go he's done it 14 minutes
left to install I think a lot of people
neglect editing software I mean when a
youtuber gets a new camera it's all oh
I've got a new camera check out the new
camera but when people get new editing
software no one tells anyone but if you
think about it the editing software how
the videos are put together how the
videos are produced in post-production
is just as important as the device
shooting it so he adds a full photo of
the MacBook on Instagram looking sweet
as absolutely loving it yes
mission accomplished just need to master
final cut and then I'll probably become
a better editor than jet ok time to
record the second video of today
rebuilding the ultimate setup part 3
part 1 of part 3 so this is something
really cool for the desk is actually the
Philips you LEDs now a lot of you are
aware that I already have these LEDs
behind the desk so you probably thinking
rightly so why I bought some more well
these these series 2 ones are actually
well it's in the title series too
they're just a lot brighter the ones
I've got there now aren't bright at all
like they're quite shocking actually
so now with this embossed we can start
part 3 quick coffee and then we'll start
hey guys check this out with me and
you're gonna look break for the filming
for now because we are both starving
we're about to eat these two bagels and
a bit of a and a bit of egg but yeah
check this out this is looking so cool
now I've installed an LED strip behind
there move to Philip you strip under
here we've got no cables now on the desk
of tranching you guys behind here it's
all nice and tidy editorship on the wall
they're looking sweet us everything ok
we'll manage together here and I'm using
these monitor arms sort of like
recycling them into work so we're just
going to take them all
and I've never took them in the bin or
something but no I'm actually tying
everything to these arms using them as a
sort of anchor point right we need to go
get food
just hurry up serve up in the shop we a
liar
Vincent shop just go back from the shop
gonna record episode three tweet
finished at recording the first half
part three we've a box this crazy thing
I mean it just does look a little bit
mental but we finished up now filming
the first part of part three because
getting late now and we bought a tech
slow video to do what in the world is
happening here just trying to get to the
office police incident oh dear
brilliant there we go tech flow video
all finished time to control em and
render this bad boy out
brilliant as sweet as I absolutely love
days like this when it's just been well
non-stop videoing doing stuff for
YouTube YouTube is definitely one of my
favorite things to do at the moment I
don't if you can tell by the vibe I'm
giving off in the videos I'm just really
enjoying making content and I'm making
so much of this stuff absolutely loving
it anyway two parcels here one of them
is a DHL one and we've got an Amazon but
we'll open these another day it's now
well past half past 10 good time to
finish work video rendering TV off bye
bye office oh my comb now setup looking
sweet as especially after installing the
brand new LED strip behind the middle
monitor makes a hell of a difference now
this thing is looking sweet just not
sure what I'm going to do with this
thing though I mean it's really cool it
has this I mean it's a mouse Matt day
today but it has its cable coming out of
it and I don't really know what to do
with it whether I should drill a hole in
the desk or I don't know what I should
do I think I'm gonna drill a hole in the
desk because I think it would look super
super sleek if this was just like on the
desk without any cables at all I think
that would look amazing however amazing
productive day today I've done so much
I'm so tired it's almost 11 p.m. guys
I'm gonna hit the hay and I'll see you
in tomorrow's vlog stay awesome and keep
smiling I love you all
millions adios
Oh
you
