good morning guys how old it well that
wasn't abrupt starts today's video who's
at the door it was that the delivery man
we've got a package from Amazon but
before I open it good afternoon guys how
are you all doing my name is Alex
hopefully all you guys are doing okay
I've gotta do my intro it's my signature
thing on by the way guys if you go to my
t-shirt store there's like 15% off if
you use code spooky Mars Oh check out
you can buy anything with 15% off happy
Halloween now I was gonna be going out
tonight with some friends we've all
canceled on it we've all decided that
even though we bought tickets to go to
this club at this event thing it's just
going to be way too busy and it all just
to be packed and you won't be able to
get a drink the barrel be full it'll
just be rubbish there'll be no point so
we've decided to cancel on that even
though we've already bought tickets so I
don't really know what I'm doing
Halloween I'm just gonna chill upping
now this is another one parcel just
arrived I haven't ordered anything from
Amazon so oh not sure what it is
what
whoa what the hell okay I did all these
I did order these but that clearly says
Amazon doesn't it and it had the proper
open mechanism thing I ordered these
from eBay I know exactly what they're
for
even has an Amazon receipt as well are
you one of these from eBay what ok these
cables that I have bought here from eBay
but they arrived from Amazon someone
explain that to me these are well
they're for the the miters because I'm
having to like run cables round here and
then this one the cable that I'm using
for this one doesn't even support 4k so
as you can see everything is really
stretched out and on this one
everything's looking normal
now I'm very uneducated on the world of
cables I'm hoping to bought the right
ones please work please work please work
please work please work yes now got to
do the same for this monitor
Hey okay that's wrong but still works
guys finally with about half an hour of
tinkering about about half an hour of
tinkering about with settings
resolutions and pictures I've managed to
span an image across a desktop which is
taking advantage of the the 4k of each
monitor look at this spanned across all
three screens how cool is that okay I'm
just doing a quick restart of this
computer but just notice is something we
need to do oh my god if this works right
eleven thousand five hundred and twenty
by sixty hundred you know what if this
works
welcome guys to far cry 4
11k that is mental as you can see here
only managing to pull 29 FPS 30 FPS but
we are at 11 K here and that that's my
GPU I mean wow that is just immense
isn't it and there you go look a few
hours of playing with some major screens
and it's dark well in the day that is
super cool I legitimately just walked
into someone because I can't see them
it's too dark so much stuff man
crazy you guys are absolutely crazy I've
got a big butt oh my god
when to the PA box didn't expect to see
that much stuff you guys you know
getting really excited as well boxes
there's lots of boxes you guys have like
made things or sent me something I know
the letters are awesome as well but
boxes there's something just excites me
about boxes I think the easiest way to
do this is going to be in multiple trips
we're talking two trips from the car to
the landing two trips from the landing
to the upstairs landing and two trips
from the upstairs landing to my room
okay whatever's in this it's really
squidgy I don't like that all this stuff
though looks really cool and then
there's a load of stuff in there too
and this this is the tough back rise
traffic all of this under there quick
heads up guys you see all of these these
things here these things are like
numbers on these are all things that
people didn't pay their postage on the
peer box so all I get is this and the
post office will keep what you've sent
so make sure you put your stamps on what
you send in here you go look 31st of
October 2012
Alex Oliver Brooks that was my pumpkin I
made almond to be going out with all of
my friends this evening I've actually
we've actually all bailed we're not
doing any more we're gonna have a party
here and the reason we want to do it
here is because we all know we bought
tickets town is going to be super super
super super busy tonight and we don't
fancy going and mingling with all of
that so we're just going to chill out
here and if we and if we're gonna do
that I can't be having this all this all
this all but actually I don't really
know how to get rid of that we'll cross
that bridge when we come to it
sweet as that's one of that sorted that
is that the room cleared up post-office
said I need to take this bag back to
them next time I go to collect the
Pierre but but I'm actually somehow
managing to use all the real estate on
the screen but what browsers up in the
middle Spotify and then I'm keeping an
eye on one of my neighbor's Internet
here and then I've got tweet tweet deck
open Twitter and a Skype conversation
going on there so to answer those of you
who are saying can you use all of the
screens yeah I can quite easily so we
asked guys we've had a sick day today
Lloyd the desk out picked up the peer
box played some sick games and a bit of
a tidy up now the last thing to do for
me tonight is I'm going to start
thinking about how to redesign the
productivity board beforehand I had a
load of your guys custom quotes on here
these are quotes that you made I'm going
to take all of those quotes off and I
want you guys to put some new ones in
the comment section down below by the
way guys let me know what you think of
the new outro cards YouTube have
implemented I'm trying to use them to my
best ability a little bit strange but I
think they're cool is my opinion you
guys let me know what you think but for
now you can check the outro card out
because I'm gonna in this video my
Lisbon Alex you guys have been awesome
stay awesome keep smiling I'll catch you
in tomorrow's vlog adios
