just uploaded uploaded yesterday's vlog
scheduled for 6 o'clock it's now for 42
and the clocks went back last night guys
how are we all doing my name is Alex and
welcome to the Sunday chilled log
session now if you want new around here
this Sunday chill blog session is where
we will just take a little break the
vlogs aren't as fullness they usually
are I usually open some peer box stuff
and we just have a chit chat so how are
you guys let me know in the comment
section down below I hope you've all had
a really good week and if you haven't be
sure to tweet me let me know why and
I'll try and cheer you up
my Twitter is that Mars bar gaming in
fact all my social links are in the
description I had a good week it's been
one of those ones where it's been
non-stop up in that busy I haven't
really had time to stop and reflect on
what I've done so I can't really tell if
I've enjoyed it or not because it's been
finished something going on to the next
thing and I haven't been able to step
back and have a look to see whether or
enjoyed it but that's kind of what these
Sunday sessions are for I kind of like
to just unwind chill out and just
reflect on the week so yes this week has
been really good I've had a few very
successful meetings I have put a plan
together for the ultimate live streaming
room I have uploaded part two of
building or redoing the ultimate setup
I've done quite a lot this week oh yeah
I almost forgot to mention I got a
freaking new car as well that's amazing
quit tidying the office then I need to
talk to you guys about something fairly
serious like quite serious
sweet of this tidy now you guys missing
out okay so recently I have given away
to iPhones to show my support to you
guys to say a big fat thank you for all
the support and and coming back to the
videos and enjoying the videos and yada
yada yada and chime to me and making me
feel like I'm worth something and I want
to make you guys feel that you words and
they thought so I gave away I go away to
of the brand new iPhone 7s this one
being the Plus model this one being the
normal one and this one having a really
special wrap on it from slick wraps
absolutely wicked stuff now both of
these people ways have ended right and I
have picked the winners for these
giveaways of pick the winners I've
messaged them right but they haven't
replied to me and it's been about a week
now if you talk to anyone else that's
been a giveaway before you usually say
20 no you just say 48 hours 48 hours and
if they're apply to you within 48 hours
you go ahead and pick a new winner but
as you guys know I've been super busy I
haven't really had time to chase it up
went to check the direct messages that I
send to see people that sent me their
addresses and and then happen and they
haven't sent me the addresses so what
we're saying is sure is I picked the
winners for these two phones ask them
for their addresses so I could send them
the phones they didn't didn't reply to
me now because I don't left it so long
I'm gonna give them another 48 hours
from when this video hits live check
your messages on QT I'll put a link to
cute in the description go on to your
direct messages on QT if you've got a
message for me
then you've won okay reply to me with
your address please as you can see I've
got a whole load of phones here this box
being an iPhone 6s plus I don't think
there's anything in it now that is my
own personal iPhone 6s plus you guys
know I've recently just upgraded to the
iPhone 7 plus I'm gonna give the iPhone
6s plus away too which was my phone as
well
well some sentimental value to it if you
guys are into that I'll give that away
if the people that will leave send me
their addresses on a real although guys
assembly you addresses we're currently
holding a parcel addressed to you
unfortunately we are not available to
deliver this to a peer box address
oh well it turns out parcel Falls don't
deliver to peer box addresses whoa hey
Alex I don't really know where to start
I'm mostly writing this to say thank you
your videos namely your vlogs have been
so inspiring I'm almost 14 years old and
to watch you aged 1819 succeed in the
field of tech whilst living the life to
the fullest it's incredible
one day I aspire to be successful and
worryfree is you one day Alex
logging on checking my subscription box
and clicking your vlogs every night at 6
p.m. always fills me with happiness you
guys Jesus you guys really hit home
sometimes Manhattan you guys are just
incredible
to me it's a daily reminder to be
positive to remember that life is too
short and to follow your aspirations and
that's why I love your videos and vlogs
you guys man I love you
look at this guy's included a picture of
yourself dude that's awesome mate well
done that's sick look at the LED strip
hey Alex hope you're having a great day
my name is Matthew and I'm sixteen from
Northern Ireland it was so cool if you
read this on camera but I know how much
you get so there's no problem if you
don't well Matthew she lucky day I've
been watching you for a long time I
watched you about we did the good old
day in the lives see that is mental
right I used to do before before before
the internet categorized these types of
videos as vlogs ie when Casey nice that
came on the scene and called his videos
vlogs and then everyone started to call
them vlogs I did them like years ago
like these style of
videos but I called them day in the
lives and I would do like one or two a
week and if I did something if I went
out on a really cool day I would do a
vlog and it would be called a day in the
life but no one really knows what a day
in the life is everyone just calls them
vlogs nowadays like I've been on this
site that I wouldn't do in YouTube
videos for four or five years doing
day-in-the-life saw of logs and it's
only recently or in the last year that
I've started to do them daily I just did
my last GCSEs and you've helped me
through them seeing what you have
achieved is inspiring to me and all of
the marzipan crew ah
it's so cute I'm a massive technology
freak I have my own setup inspired by
you which I will put a picture at the
bottom I mainly use it for csgo oh
there's a cell it will make my day month
and year if you send me a message well
Matthew this is your video message I
hope you're doing okay mate thank you
very much
for the letter you're a legend guys we
could sit here for absolutely ages
reading these things I've got thousands
of them under there I'm gonna do a main
channel video unboxing and doing a lot
lots of the big parcels and stuff that
I've gotten recently so that should be
fun and I'm trying to open the old
letter periodically in these vlogs but
we can't do it all the time cuz it's way
too many guys by the way thank you so
much for all the awesome feedback on the
setup there's a few things I need to
overcome like where I'm gonna place my
krk speakers here let me right nope you
guys can actually see what I'm talking
about the speakers here probably gonna
put them on Stan's face them in also and
if you can see down here but these big
white bricks they're there and there's
one down there those are the power
supplies for the monitors now obviously
all these cables gonna have to be hidden
away somewhere right so I'm not yet I
heard you percent sure how I'm gonna
mount or where I'm going to put those
power supplies to the monitors probably
I'm gonna mount them to the wall somehow
I don't know how I'm gonna do it they're
all really heavy it's gonna have to be
with the screw or something
Comfort eating all my problems away
today guys I'm gonna eat my pizza be
carrying two beds and I'm gonna watch a
film or something I haven't watched a
film in ages
I'm gonna watch a film I'm gonna treat
myself while I meet my Domino's as I say
this last week has I don't know it's
obviously clearly taking a toll on me
I'm not myself today happening myself
today just feel really really really
lethargic and a bit crappy and so come
for eating comfort eating the problems
away hopefully it solves it by tomorrow
I'll see you guys in my next vlog
