come on forever good morning guys how
y'all doing my name is of course I like
some welcome to my Saturday so today no
different than usual very very very busy
day yesterday I recorded two videos of
vlog and the tech flow video today I'm
recording two videos a vlog and a main
channel video part 2 of redoing the
ultimate set up and my plan with the
second part of redoing the alternate
setup part 2 is cheap well take these
monitors off the desk
yeah and you guessed it these are going
on there oh my god I'm not sure how this
is really going to pan out as I say this
video this vlog is gonna be kind of
behind the scenes of me recording the
main Channel video because well that's
what I'm doing today so I'll take you
guys through how I record the main
Channel videos and stuff like that with
the aid of it of a second camera that a
second camera being the age 63 what is
it called a 6300
no not gonna work sweet probably because
we need one of these a in the meantime
I'm gonna be super amateur about this
might use a tripod and use my window
ledge to set up the time-lapse
okay so to be honest there wasn't really
much behind the scenes to show you guys
I mean check this out
I suppose it's fairly mental the only
behind there seems to show you guys is
pretty much just the mess that came up
doing all of this perfect test though
I've got to edit and upload the second
part tonight so that means I've got to
edit it on these screens
I'm so happy I've got that finished I
can get it up tonight that's three
videos that have gone live today for you
guys yesterday a vlog a tech flow video
and well this is gonna go live at 8:00
p.m. so three videos you see what I mean
about the amount of content I'm
producing for this website
surely you guys don't want to see three
videos three three videos with my stupid
ugly face in do you or is that miss me
that's why that's why I think like I
should just let not vlog or on a day
where I you know where I'm doing another
video or something that I'll still I'll
still obviously be daily uploads but it
will just be on a one of my other
channels one of my numerous channels oh
my god look at the weather it's just so
muggy like it's just this is like this
is the best it's gonna be now coming up
to Christmas I'm still a look dark night
but now doing this daily vlog thing I
despise them cuz this daily vlog thing
has made me go outside more and do more
things you should just sit inside that's
why I loved the dark but now I do more
with you guys and it's dark so as you
guys know last Monday I didn't install
for a client of mine an Internet install
right and I quoted them like 120 pound
was to put an access point to the other
side of the house by running a cable now
if you're a legit person you know what
you do and you'll know it's always best
to run a cable but they didn't want to
do it they want to use powerline
adapters I don't know why the funny
thing is is gonna be more expensive to
run powerline adapters but you've gotta
give them what they want fifty nine
ninety eight so much more expensive than
mirroring an access point cable which
would be better and stronger and provide
faster Internet but now people don't
listen to me
oh my so annoying I'm such an idiot man
I've just arrived at the office right oh
no we have a fob right that that unlocks
the alarm you know like an alarm system
that you have in your house or an office
or an alarm system that you have anyway
usually put a code into the activator in
this office building for the whole
building there's like a fob that you put
on the alarm system to to set in and set
the alarm system and I don't have the
fob I've just lost it I don't know where
it's gone I've got emails I need to
answer you guys know that I only ever do
work in the office because I thought my
office is for I don't have my work stuff
on my home computer and I can't get in
the office well that's really annoying
me my work is gonna have to wait till
tomorrow but that's fine I need to chill
out anyway or I look at this wait a
minute that's just ruining it
it's so cool isn't it look at that the
amount of screen real estate is what
look a bit phenomenal isn't it what
could it oh my god the thing is those
screens are that bright if you guys want
to see me I just have to brighten up my
camera right okay this is my desk no
sorry well this is my debt but it's it's
on my bed and it's it I don't know what
to do give away maybe and I've got all
of these all of that anchored
so guys yes I'm aware if you've watched
yesterday's video on the main channel
which if you haven't pause now go watch
the main channel video and then come
back to watching this vlog so hopefully
all of you who have seen this on the
main channel and me putting it all
together the main channel is now up to
date on this room but you vlog fanatics
you daily vlog watches I want you guys
to tell me what you think what do you
think of my setup because I personally
think this is total overkill but I don't
mean overkill in a bad way I mean on
overkill as in like totally awesome now
I put these monitors on this desk about
a week ago they won't look they know
anything my other monitors were still
behind these I just wanted to put them
on the desk
our parents coped it if any of you
joined thank you for joining if you did
just put them on the desk to see if they
would fit and I did that I put it in a
vlog and people took screenshots of it
now because I'm on the ball I was doing
a bit of searching around on the
Internet these three monitors on my desk
right they won't even turned on you guys
saw it I just put them on the desk to
simply see if they would fit people took
screenshots of it and posted it to sites
like Reddit and Facebook pages with
people's like setups on them and people
were like it's got no character it has
no character it's crap and that's
because this isn't finished yet come on
don't jump to conclusions
a lot of people that said on these
Facebook pages and on the reddit page
the massive reddit page that I saw
people like oh yeah anyone can get three
monitors and put it on a graph it's just
crap and I was like it's not finished
yet we for crying out loud do you think
I would have cable management like that
and that if this was finished but now
I've got the monitors turned on it's
looking a little bit better it's looking
fairly sweet I do say so myself
I'm going to tally up all the cable
management and make it a bit more
personal in episode 3
everybody building the ultimate setup
that's what that episode is gonna be
about making this thing look
and if shave right guys I'm gonna nub
off to the gym then I'm gonna come up a
shower have a shave and I think I'm
getting I spend some time with Barney
and Maria so for now mine has been Alex
you guys been awesome thank you so much
for tuning into today's vlog this is
totally overkill I'm ridiculous I know
it's not finished yet and I'll see you
in tomorrow's vlog I love your faces
oh yes
