dozen guys how y'all doing my name is
Alex I'm going to set you guys up
breakfast session in the afternoon here
making some make some bacon Jed and I
are both urban half at client meetings
this morning just got back together
we're going to enjoy some foods then
we're gonna film with breakfast consumed
package arrived night they're pro-life
kiss okay thanks Hank
right I love these guys this let me so
much stuff okay what's that that's
really heavy whoa that is really nice
it's got a carbon wrap on it okay that's
cool talking to cars and he makes his
own you know black square box with four
arms going to yeah yeah yes not my kind
of bottle and I said I'll show you speed
he says I'll show you snot like this
just a white flash as it goes yes we
just finished recording the tech flow
video we went down a really dirty
tracked up the car really dirty so we
currently get any clean
just combusted the house quick change of
the battery in this camera now to the
office hey guys sign traffic on the way
to the office it's Friday it's what's to
be expected traffic I'm just literally
sign it as you can see I think Jed it's
like a little bit behind me I'm not sure
where he is but I want to talk to you
guys about something real quick I'm
finding it super super super super
stressful trying to manage seven nine
videos a week on YouTube I'm finding it
really difficult to manage that as well
as like trying to do my other bits as
well and I didn't know whether you guys
would be okay with it or not let me know
on Twitter
Jed's calling me yeah bro yeah let me
know on Twitter guys but I didn't know
if you know when the day that I upload
to the main channel which I try and do
once a week
the day that I upload onto the main
channel I don't record a vlog that day
and it's like my day off of vlogging now
I generally upload to the main channel
like once every like two weeks so it's
not like there's not gonna be a video
from me because there'll be a video on
the main channel right but there just
won't be a vlog on the same day I don't
know if that is fine and I'm not talking
about tech flow everybody tech flow
every single week without fail and I
still vlog on the same day that's two
videos a day in that day that I would
load and take flow but maybe when upload
in the main channel I don't put a vlog
out that day and I think that would make
the rest of the week's vlogs more
interesting does that make sense
so right out of the office got Jen here
editing a template video let me know
what you think about what I was saying
on the care taken with a grain of salt
so in yesterday's vlog I mentioned about
oh the ultimate live-streaming rig and a
projector system now I told you guys I
had a few calls and a few meetings in a
few emails that I read been sent back
and forth things
touchwood are looking promising which is
what we want okay so my plan so far is
to get a projector screen mounted there
have a sofa here in here in this little
bit down here have a load of consoles
computer like a little bit of a den with
everything in it box it all off have
some cool LEDs looking down have the
computer and the consoles all in here
with the cable running up here and up
here actually mounting the projector now
as I've told you guys before we doing
your timer setup it's a cool series but
it's really doing something that we've
already done this is something totally
new this is gonna be a big project and
I'm probably not gonna be able to get it
done before Christmas even then my plan
was to make it be a Christmas special so
sofa big screen console den in there
with LEDs and LEDs everywhere box all of
this on projector up there live streams
Pizza microphones cameras interaction
what doesn't anyone like about any of
that
I just love live streaming and stuff
because it's so interactive and I love
interacting brilliant guys all back home
now so that is the plan for the ultimate
live streaming rig it's probably not
going to be a Christmas special so don't
get your hopes up but hopefully sometime
around Christmas if I can pull some
strings okay so tomorrow we've got a big
day tomorrow again tomorrow
got a finish off filming part two
everybody the ultimate setup got to edit
it and upload it it's gonna be going up
tomorrow night I promise I promised you
guys I'm not backing down see that's the
thing like today I've been making a tech
flow video I've recorded a vlog tomorrow
got a record a vlog and a main channel
video and imagine trying to record two
different videos in one day and get them
both edited and uploaded I've got to
edit tomorrow morning this vlog as well
so all I was saying in the car is it is
a lot of work and I love doing it but I
just feel like if maybe when the day I
blow the main channel video I don't blog
for that day and then hopefully that day
or the next day will be a little bit
more interesting tryna record two videos
and rather put loads of effort into
recording one video than two two videos
okay does that make sense - you guys
it's up to you I'm down for doing either
as I say I'm not saying this to you guys
because I I'm finding the work hard or
anything or it's difficult I'm saying it
because Jesus I'm saying it because I
want to make good content right with
that said I'm gonna go take Maria out
for some food I think she's just coming
back from uni and we have what we booked
him to go and have some burgers I think
guys brilliant back from having burgers
now Phil about a food baby I'm gonna win
today's vlog here guys and go ahead and
get some rest and I've got a rest up for
tomorrow I've got a big video to record
tomorrow and the vlog I'm gonna edit
this blog but anyway guys Marley's
relics you guys have been awesome
hopefully all you guys are okay so we're
really cool quote earlier actually it
was is there something like choosing a
time to start is startings worst enemy
something like that I thought it's quite
cool but anyway I'll put it on Twitter
my husband Alex you guys been awesome
stay awesome keep smiling and I'll catch
you in tomorrow's video adios
so I've arrived at to the office click
the subscribe button if you're not
subscribed and here's two videos to
watch if you haven't seen them
