morning guys 1907 a em really early for
me I'm not usually up this early
there isn't out this early is because I
promise that I'm going to go to Lincoln
with Jordan my friend Jordan you guys
saw yesterday this afternoon which means
if I'm going to do that I'm going to
take the afternoon off work I need to
get some stuff done this morning on my
way now 9:07 meeting with my accountant
at half past another one so baby
that song is awful okay so in
yesterday's vlog I said come out to the
car to put this little dirt this little
red leaflet inside my car because it's
something that the postman trusted
deliver again but I wasn't in so they
left more of these cars he's gonna pick
it up tomorrow it was in my car it
should remind me to go and pick it up
tomorrow
it's reminded me it's here I'm gonna go
and collect it I believe this is
something I've ordered for my brother as
a little gift cheers thank you very much
but I will open it up later because I
really don't have time to do it right
now who are very hectic morning this
morning 10:00 a.m. now meeting with my
accountant openden with parcel collected
from the post office I'm still don't
remember what I've done it's too early
for this now how to call from a few peep
sweats got the shells to kill me now
I've had a call from a few people I'm
about time according few people have
been emailing back and forth I think for
the Nexus on the main channel and I know
that we haven't you know we haven't even
finished redoing the ultimate setup at
the moment and I'm already talking about
the next series I know it's good to plan
in advance I think I've got some awesome
things coming up for the ultimate live
streaming rig which we're going to do up
there I'm talking about a company that I
think are going to send us like a proper
like motorized projection screen
and like a like a gaming projector it's
gonna be cool if I can get it all
organized and all these things take a
long time to organize you and edit right
it's really difficult to portray that in
a youtube video the amount of stuff that
goes into the background to make these
things happen
is there's so much stuff you know Platt
the pond just goes really well like for
example let's say you've ordered
something and you have to go to that
shop to pick it up but you weren't aware
that the item that you'd ordered was
going to be in the shop but you were
still going to town and then just before
you go to town you get a call from that
shop to say that your item is in the
shop ready to be picked up but that's
really convenient and that is literally
what just happened
Jordan I were going to go to Lincoln
this afternoon and we still are going to
get a link in this afternoon and waiting
for him to arrive now I've done all my
morning jobs I've literally just had a
call from Apple and they've said Alex
your phone is in the store ready to be
picked up and my store is in Lincoln so
I'm gonna go to Lincoln with Jordan do
what I was gonna do with him and then
pick up the phone so that's awesome
and it's also awesome because the other
day I did a video telling you guys that
I was getting an iPhone 7 for free right
because they said I've waited that long
they're gonna refund me I still don't
really think that's true why the hell
would they give me a free phone so well
today we'll find out I'll go and collect
the phone and if they ask for payment
they ask for payment and if they don't
they don't
I've saved like 700 pounds right
Jordan's arrived let's go
guys I'm feeling a little bit cheeky
George you're feeling cheeky very cheap
maybe no yes no not funny sir who's Mars
bar oh yeah I think you know close for a
picture great
yeah sure no worries I got told to stop
filming in the Apple Store and the news
you say that to me but you know what
picked up the phone I've got a screen
protector on it
good night okay so it's been about a few
hours in town been to have a little
Nando's I've been to pick up my phone as
to which they told me to stop recording
in in the in the storm from store which
is like strange as you say that but
that's fine and then we went for a
coffee and now
well because Jordan loves it we're off
to George you got work on you
Yeah right dude right dude I will see
you soon thanks for today really
appreciate it thanks play awesome else
ashes per usual and have fun at work
tonight seen a bezel
thanks a lot feel better so he has okay
guys back home now said bye to Jordan
really fun day out with him
Irie bought some jeans you know the
jeans that I I ripped when I was doing
the internet installing today we bought
them so that's cool
also picked up picked up the iPhone
finally finally got it Apple screw me
over I ordered this the day you could
pre-order it and I've only just been
called in today to come pick it up so I
didn't get a case for it or anything so
I'm a bit of it's stupid but I'm not
paying fifty pound for a case I think at
the phone for free though which is
amazing I don't even know I don't even
know how I got a screen protector with
it I pay 25 pound to get that installed
so that is my iPhone 7 brilliant right
the Apple Keynote is on in 15 minutes
and I really really want to watch it but
got some work to do so I'm going to put
it on the TV do some work at the same
time and just chill out gonna go get a
grab a coffee I think and then I need to
install this phone put all my stuff on
it from my old one which I don't even
know where it is it's on my bed so for
the last like three or four thousand
four years I think four or five years
I've always gone for white phones
finally made the switch over to black
phone and trying to bend a little bit
more professional
you know what I mean I do like the white
phones but I was had them for that long
what in a change Riley all these vlogs
on that laptop and this is the new one
that bringing out and apparently it's
twice as fast on the editing right but
this doesn't show like this does not
show I have no problems editing these
vlogs on that laptop so why they needed
to make it even faster I have no idea we
Apple Keynote over and done with I've
just I've just kind of had like a mini
rant on snapchat I'll wrap it up for you
real quick in case you don't have me on
snapchat if you want to add me it's
Marcy snaps I recommend you do because
I'm quite funny on there well I think
I'm funny I tries to be funny I'm
probably it's not funny pretty much what
I said about the new map books that have
been released well I said they're cool
which they are cool they're wicked
they're thin they're fast they've got
that touch bug thing they're cool
awesome tech as Apple usually does but
I'm not paying 3,000 no 2799 pattern now
there's no way that laptop would be
worth that much for me the only reason
I'd ever want to upgrade is because when
I bought this laptop to edit all the
vlogs on I made the major mistake of
only getting a 256 gigabyte SSD in it
and sometimes you know I'm trying to
edit in its final cuts flash and open
it's like you do not have enough space
not have enough space editor that'll be
the only reason I don't it'll grade that
thing other than that it doesn't choke
when I'm editing it does what I needed
to do and it does it well and that's all
I really care about at the moment find
that when you get a lot busier I used to
be like I need to have new tech need to
have new tech need to have new tech but
now I just like I don't really have time
to enjoy tech because I'm using tech to
do a to do a job and not to have the
latest tech so make sense my camera and
I use it to record every single one of
these daily vlogs every single day all
of my videos are shot on a camera
obviously and right now right currently
right now this camera is writing all of
this video to an SD card that's stored
in this side of the camera I then what I
do at the end of every day take this SD
card out put it straight into the laptop
input the footage and edit it problem
with the new laptop though it doesn't
have an SD card reader so you know
that's fine use an external SD card
reader but what if I go down to London
or go somewhere which I have been doing
a lot recently and you guys have been
enjoying
and I happen to just forget me being in
a rush my SD card reader that means
there's no way of me getting the footage
from my camera onto the laptop ruined a
vlog here's the sort of guy to buy a
smart watch and have it three days and
not even link it to his phone probably
made eggs consumed anyway guys I'm gonna
go ahead and end today's I am amending
it I'm ending today's one here so guys -
Ben Alex you guys been awesome stay
awesome keep smiling
and I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog up
were you suck adios
