doing my name is of course on my phone
right now and I want to here up the gym
haven't done this in a while right I'm
just gonna good afternoon guys how we
are doing my name is Alex and I yeah I
need to I need to sort something out
every time I come in this room to get a
pair of socks out which I do pretty much
every day I have to hold on to this
doorframe lean over and pick myself a
pair of socks and you might be thinking
guys why don't you swauk in the room
like a normal person well let me tell
you why that that that is why since
we're doing this room which I'm so proud
of by the way part 2 of making this room
should be out this Saturday evening it's
made me have to put all my paperwork out
here down there and then and then down
there they look pretty cat I used to
keep all my paperwork in a pile down
there I don't want to do that anymore so
this room is now turning into some sort
of an overflow room for stuff but I
don't want in this room so I've got that
sorted to clean up that room sort out my
paperwork need to get some sort of
filing system for all of that there's a
few other things I need to sort out as
well as for some reason I've been eating
really really really badly these last
few weeks maybe two a month been eating
awfully just having so much rubbish I'm
gonna put a stop to that start eating
healthy again and I also stopped doing
exercise not because I really wanted to
stop doing exercise but because other
things took priority over it and that
shouldn't be the case keeping yourself
fit keeping your machine in good check
good health should be one of your main
priorities I need to move it up go into
the gym on the priority list so with my
goal set and noted down and I've told
you guys let's go
so I am just on my way to wilcos I'm
gonna try and cook like a binder to put
all of my stuff to like to keep it all
together all like my paperwork and bits
and bobs like that so hopefully I can
find what I need gold fish flakes I'm
not looking for gold fish flakes oh just
want a binder they all look so what you
want well that was easy I think I've
slightly addicted to the chainsmokers
Jordans whipped looking clean Jordans
asked me to put round he said he wanted
to see the car and to see me I haven't
seen him in ages I want to see him too
so George makes your first reaction
right what do you think about like it oh
yeah just chucked it in oh go for a spin
yeah I got a little GoPro mount on it it
does on the brake callipers yeah it's
just looks angry doesn't it yeah well
think about then George just driven it
back for a little bit what do you think
mate you like it okay see you tomorrow
May so Jordan and I I think we're gonna
go to Lincoln tomorrow and have a little
catch-up day like we did probably like
three weeks ago two weeks ago Jordan
absolutely love the car you got to drive
it I let him drive it just down the road
just arrived at Grandma's taking it for
a spin in the car she's absolutely
petrified I'm so annoyed I didn't film
it my mum was just arrived we're gonna
go have some food and then I'll take her
for a spin and I'll try and film it
oh yeah the handle lies upon the outside
yeah it's cool isn't it well then come
on okay I'll see you soon thanks having
me
Cheers say Tibet hey Siri turn on the
light you know the only reason I do that
in the vlogs is to for those of you guys
with iPhones or they've you put your
phones nearby hopefully it just said the
same thing to your phone and your Siri
came online now what about this okay
Google
did I get ya a got my file becoming a
proper business man the boot have a
light inside yes it does brilliant I can
show you guys I'm gonna use the light to
light up my face I want to talk to you
guys about something real quick this is
the boo right fairly small but you open
up and you've got a load more storage
underneath like like quite a bit of
storage underneath a which I have all my
stuff in what I was thinking of doing
right you can buy these subwoofers for
the car but they're meant to go like
under the front seats like they're
really thin ones like that they're not
very powerful but they'll give a little
bit the kick what I was thinking of
doing was buying one of them I'm putting
it under here instead of under the front
seats just to give it a little bit of
extra base but I wonder if you guys had
an experience with like flat-lying
subwoofers thin ones and if they were
like even good or bad or just like worth
not getting because I'm just a bit
unsure if it's a roofer that's that thin
it's actually gonna give me you know any
any self base or anything
that's job one finished sweet this room
finally is looking how it should that's
just a load of stuff for the bin all my
paperwork in its but with one step
closer to that cleaner healthier
lifestyle but I'm after coming out to
the car to put this little this little
red leaflet inside my car because it's
something that the postman tries to
deliver again but I wasn't in so they
left more of these cars he's gonna pick
it up tomorrow so it was in my car you
should remind me to go and pick it up
tomorrow hey well guys you guys really
really really enjoyed the videos that I
did of the last car what I had when we
did the mods and put the lights and
stuff those were all ideas that I had
like putting the lights in and stuff I
think I am gonna do the subway mod sub
woofer mod in the in the boot but if you
guys know any more mods that I could do
to this pup boy let any cool things we
could do to it then let me know in the
comment section down below should we mod
this thing should we mark this car
because we could do some cool stuff to
it I know like minis are very
customizable you can like do loads of
aftermarket stuff you can even get these
wimmer are caps you can even get custom
ones of these and mini will design them
for you and you can get exactly what you
want on them so we could have like Mars
on it or something on these women caps
you can do so much stuff so guys if you
have any cool car mods let me know I
also need to get a new key chain because
I've just got this like metal thing at
the moment will be cool to get something
designed for that but I've got if at it
a day and and I'm absolutely loving it
guys absolutely loving it so you guys I
got up really late today actually went
straight to the gym heading straight out
edited yesterday's vlog which took me
ages to edit so it was about me getting
the car and stuff and for some reason
I'm just feeling really tired and I
think that's something to do with the
cold weather that's
at the moment so luckily yes luckily we
are currently in the making of designing
some new hoodies and I can't wait to
release them but my name's Ben Alex you
guys have been awesome thank you for
watching today's vlog hope all you guys
were right and I'll see you in
tomorrow's video yes
