good morning guys how are y'all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another a daily vlog okay so today
guys I've got I've got quite a bit on
today I've got I've got to tidy this
room up and I've got a record the second
part a part two of redoing the ultimate
setup which is going to be quite boring
I think the reason is going to be boring
is because I've got to sort out all that
paperwork but I'm thinking now that I
might do this tomorrow because because
up today I'm actually picking up my new
car if you guys been watching my vlogs
recently and I've been banging about it
going to pick up my new car today with
some look hopefully I can drive out the
showroom with it because it's got such a
powerful engine in it and it's you know
it's power-to-weight ratio is is quite
severe for someone my age of 19 years
old it's really difficult even though
I've got two years no claims bonus to
get insured on the car but I'm picking
up today but I think hopefully with some
look everything's gone through fine and
I should be able to drive out the
showroom with the car today right I just
had some lunch just been to walk the dog
and I'm 20 minute walk now I'm gonna go
pick up the car I'm getting a lift with
my dad my brother and my grandma I think
bye-bye mini yeah I will lock you for
the last time yeah it's the idea but as
I said moving on to bigger and better
things
you can't stay the same forever on ones
and upwards that's it grandma some with
my grandma she's super eager she's going
in the mini garage already I'm here I'm
arrived let's go in and and see what's
going down so my car is literally inside
here right now right literally inside
here right now look is right there that
dummy like a VIP pit inside the mini
boot yeah boy Sadie nice to meet you
nice for you see
but in here yeah
you just fallen hold that so you can
have a sunroof oh yeah ah that is cool
you've got dual zone air conditioning
okay so it's either side so I can have
it 28 you can have it at 60 via samalex
oh yeah yeah yeah
Howdy's one of Minnie's main competitors
if you if you put outage sat-nav and
screen inside of this it's horrendous
really terrible yeah okay um yeah it's
all top-notch gear and that's why I got
the movies and what this is a little
Tech yeah yeah that's the real perfect
coffee yeah you know I mean this is
where before they send the cars to
people I'm actually at in the background
of the garages now they're getting other
cars ready all the BMW cars and
everything
amazing check this out
Hey
alright guys I'm back home I'm just
gonna go and edit yesterday's vlog and
then we'll come and talk about the car
okay alright sweetie
okay so so what I've got here is a load
of GoPros and GoPro mounts I want to
mount these on the car now the reason I
want to try and mount it now is because
while these things you meant to leave
them for 24 hours before actually using
them I don't really want to do that so
I'm just going to mount it now it's
going to put it right here and there is
I'm going to put it here is because then
I can look down the side of the car and
at the tailpipes at the exhaust I'm
going to mount that just there get it on
there and then we'll still have a chat
about the car and hopefully by the time
I chat about it but I'll be set so guys
I want to walk you around round the car
itself first of all the show that many
problem for me earlier was just amazing
the sectioned off like a little bit of
the showroom I was like this is reserved
for Alex Brooks and then my car was
there and now it was just really cool so
that was awesome they really set the
scene and the thing is with many they
I'm not sponsored to say any of this
this car is not sponsored whatsoever I
bought this myself but but the team at
Mini which is absolutely amazing as I
showed you guys that kept sending me
video updates which was really like
strange but also at the same time and
the section of a bit of the showroom and
then Here I am with the car now
salacious have a little look round it
we've put the GoPro mount on that damn
head down there as you can see but my
got my um a it's just like gorgeous and
I've lost the words got them a little
spoiler there check him out he's just
he's just chillin got those two
tailpipes there that make an absolute
hell of a noise John Cooper Works and
obviously I've already put on my work
hard anywhere sticker very nice as you
can see the alloys actually protrude a
little bit again John Cooper Works got
the air intake a daytime running LED on
this car which is awesome and then it's
awesome air intake down the front
it just looks gorgeous so let me talk
you through some of the tech now I don't
know a lot of this stuff yet I've been
editing today's videos my first time
really going in the car like having to
spend some time with it but you can see
this is the key my Wimmer has fold in so
if I just press the unlock button as you
can see it's going to bring the Wimmer
eyes out if I keep holding this down
it's going to put down my windows and
also it will bring up the roof so you
can do all of that from the key which is
awesome and also the same thing again if
you hold down the lock button it will
put the windows up lock the car and
close the roof pretty cool in case you
forget to do it it starts raining you've
left your roof open you're in the house
you just hold that down and it will
close your roof for you put your windows
up awesome stuff so without further ado
let's get in the car you can already see
the LEDs there and they're very mind on
the camera these LEDs are flashing in
real life they're not flashing they're
just on permanently so let's get a
little POV action going on getting into
the car got a GoPro set there so you
guys can see what's going on I opted for
the Harman Kardon surround sound speaker
system which is absolutely awesome we've
got our rev counters here and petrol
indicators here and there miles an hour
here's a little screen there I got a big
screen there and then guys check this
out all I've got to do right I'd have to
put the key anywhere just put it in
there I'll keep in my pocket
I'll just flick the start/stop button
it's going to turn the car on
right just not just turning the ignition
I'm not the actual car there we go
managed to sort out the flickering so
it's like on all the time now it's not
flickering brilliant so as you can see
here if you guys can see this but I've
actually got my heads-up display there
it's not focusing very well my camera
unfortunately there you go so as you can
see I've got a heads-up display and if I
just I think it's a little switch down
here if I click this little switch in as
you can see it's going to put away the
heads-up display you just took it away
there look at that look at it bye-bye
what down here what you call the I Drive
system this controls this screen so as
you can see if I twist that you can go
around all of the different things as
these really cool things like if you
turn up the volume actually you see this
going up here I'll turn the volume up to
put you in a minute
that thing goes up they're really cool
here is the switch for our LED so if I
toggle through this switch it's going to
go ahead and change the color of the
LEDs here so you have a green anything
you want that one in the foot Wells down
here quite like blue pretty pretty
snazzy got the switch here to flick it
into sport and mid and then green and
you put it in small sport I love it
because it says here maximum go-kart
feel and all this goes red and it just
looks more angry and if you go down here
to driving excitement you can see here
if I start the car up I put on the brake
start the car up you can see here that
if I rev the engine
we get torque and power on this screen
and it's also on the heads-up display to
know that does whoa as you can see here
it says weight in sport going zero miles
an hour right okay let's
should we go out for a little Drive then
and I'm going to try them out my GoPro
on the back and hope that it doesn't
fall off right so guys I've been driving
for about five minutes now just driven
away from my house otherwise you guys
are going to find it really easy to find
out you know where I am and stuff so
I've driven about five minutes out and
I've just come in to a national speed
speed limit zone of traveling currently
at 30 miles an hour right down here just
gonna wait till I get past these cars
because I just I just okay so I my first
time in here like properly driving this
other than bringing it back from the
garage which I was like petrified of
doing my foot down let me put it in a
I'm not gonna put in school
of 60 already I can't even I can't even
do that employee to 60 in like two
seconds
but is just those living in sport yeah
okay okay I'm going to get a bit more on
this corner right one can do is slow
down outside this carriage organ I think
I'm an absolute no right ready all right
let's try this already right I'm
stopping them into the road right three
two one
we okay I'm getting way faster than the
speed limit right now I need to calm
down okay see that you can't even enjoy
it for that long because you're already
at 75 miles an hour
it's like I'm just chillin on out 40
that's what I like about it
you can kick you back into mid mode and
it is just like super chill simple it's
not like pulling any fingers but as soon
as you put it into the sport yes i
exhausted the bat like it is so loud
probably still be there yes it's still
there and it's recording okay it's
nighttime now I just got it back from a
little bit of a night drive I've been in
here with like it with like a memory
stick I don't know where I've put it on
oh it's in there I put a load of music
on this memory stick and I've
transferred it over to the cars hard
drives and I've got a load of music on
on the cars hard drive which is awesome
overall super super super happy with it
and I bought a bar chocolate from a
brother when I went to fill it up with
my petrol earlier but yeah like super
super super super stoked to it look at
the heli D lights inside it's so cool
well I'm not super super stoked with
though is it is this this is like the
second time that's happened it's not the
second time that's happened there's been
like a bottle or a mars bar like a mars
bar milkshake
on my gate posts that is really sad why
would someone do that that is like you
have to be so brain-dead to think that's
funny
like what right so guys is fairly late
now I've just been inundated with work
this evening since I've got back had a
client phoned me up saying that network
was down so I've been I've been on
trying to try to get all that monitor to
make sure they're all okay and then I
had some ones whose birthday party it
was so I've made them like an edit for
the birthday party they hired me to do
like her a bit of an edit so like I've
done all of that really enjoyed picking
the car up with you guys and bringing
you guys along for that experience
you've obviously by the video I was just
like static I was like loving it
absolutely love the car and I hope you
guys enjoyed the video and I hope you
like got a taster for what it's like to
go and like pick up a car if you've
never done it before and it's pretty
cool honestly it's honestly like one of
the best things I've ever done like and
that's the moment like picking up a car
that you've bought brand-new is one of
the moments that I've always wanted to
do like one of the things I've always
wanted to happen I think it's even on my
productivity board look I haven't looked
at my goals in absolutely ages I just I
just haven't and I wrote this probably
quote over year 3/4 of a year ago and I
thought I was going to get a John Cooper
Works by the time I was 25 never knew
that I'd be able to achieve it by the
time
19 so we can now cross that off the
goals list because we've accomplished it
and also its eBay all items I'm sure I
put all my stuff on eBay so that's what
I mean if you visualize your goals
hopefully it will help you towards
achieving them but for now guys I've got
some more work to do so I need to go my
husband Alex you guys have been awesome
stay awesome guys and keep smiling thank
you for watching today's video and I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog adios
