good morning guys how are y'all doing
I've started the vlog and haven't done
my hair again and I'm just so we get to
vlog every single day ma'am not that
doing this makes a slight bit of
improvement anyway all the weights been
the worse to be honest and waving it I
have some more good news today only good
only the last two days have been
brilliant news days I've got some more
good news right okay good news is right
let me talk to you guys first off yes
good morning yeah daddy and welcome back
to another vlog I've done that the last
I don't know 300 days now you guys know
this is a vlog I don't need to introduce
okay today is Monday the first working
day of the week I'm actually are you
guys gonna hate me the one o'clock today
which is in like half an hour I need to
be at a client's house I'm installing
some Wi-Fi for them quick run over of
the hardware I'm installing two access
points for them and this little box down
here which is a router should probably
take me about two hours and then I'll
carry on vlogging but first the good
news okay so I'm probably just as unsure
as you guys will be in a minute because
I don't know what this really means I've
had an email right from the place where
I ordered my personal iPhones from right
so I don't know if this is true right
but this is my guide on how to get your
iPhone 7 plus four is not really a guide
is it it's more of just oh I'm getting
11 7 plus for free because I'm special
this thing this email it says great news
your iPhone is now available for
dispatch as sometimes passengers you
place your order the original funds have
been stopped and placed back in your
account sorry for the inconvenience
I'm literally getting my phones for free
I think very strange very cool right I
need to prepare for my client install
and I need you guys to help me right so
before I go around this is all of the
stuff and yes I ripped my jeans I know
this is all of the stuff well most of
stuff I need to take around book I need
something to take it round in
good guy the biggest screwdriver flat
head screwdriver pliers
taps more drill bits crews I'll take
that round separately hammer another
screwdriver another screwdriver that
closes down badda-boom badda-bing sorted
I'm now ready to go and see my quo and
yes at the end of the day I know it's
bad going around to your client's with
ripped jeans but I'm installing internet
I'm not their accountant a few moments
late ill just got back from my client's
house all installed two access points
took me all day grip my dream drip my
jeans even for these are definitely got
to go in the bin now the problem is
right okay
it's it's half past behind you I've got
half an hour to upload yesterday's vlog
and it's not edited brilliant got
yesterday's vlog all edited and uploaded
for you guys half past six half an hour
late hopefully you guys can cut me a
little bit of slack you know what right
I'm not digging it anyone in particular
but a few of these daily video channels
a lot like mine a lot of them are just
like really lazy with it I see them I
see them I see them like telling their
audience that are guys I slept in today
I cut I'm not gonna be able to get the
vlog uploaded the usual time and I'm
like and these are people that have like
a lot more views and subscribers than me
like a lot more and they just like
totally neglect their or I don't know
how not neglect their just like I don't
know I like to treat you guys with the
utmost respect I like to tell you guys
what's going on I like to tell you when
a video is gonna be uploaded and I liked
uploaded to that time I don't like to
have to say oh sorry guys I slept in
today I like to feel like you I like to
meet you guys feel like you're important
because you are important and then I see
these are the youtubers like oh sorry oh
I caught a low today's video and I'm
just like you know I mean because I try
so hard with this thing trying to make
sure I upload every day it's 6 p.m. on
the dot like 99% of the time every
single day I manage to do it when I was
in
New Zealand I would travel New Zealand
uploaded every single day at 6 p.m. how
I managed to do that I don't know and
I'm very proud of that anyway guys
thanks for asking the client installed
today went perfectly well I've got this
new tactic that I'm using I want to
share it with you I'm not going to take
credit for it because I saw this on
another YouTube video and I forgot what
video it was but it was this guy talking
or doing like a demonstration of how to
meet people's expectations when doing
work for them and he used these three
words when you're doing work for someone
else he says you need to use these three
words and these three words are plan do
and review and I was pretty good at
doing this before except I didn't do the
review part and what the review part
pretty much means is after you've done
the work for someone or you've done what
you know what you needed to do for them
go back review it right down and
mentally note yourself what you could
have done better what went good what
went bad and see if you can improve on
it next time like one of the things
today I was doing a cable run from point
A to point B trying on an Ethernet cable
and the cable wasn't long enough I had
to use an Ethernet jointer
and join two cables together not the end
of the world everything works fine but
it would have been better with just a
single cable now because I went back and
reviewed what I did I noted that down
and I said to myself look next time I'm
doing a job make sure you have the right
amount of cable you've measured up and
you have you have exactly what you need
so you don't run into any shortcomings
like that that is the review part you
plan the work you do the work then you
have to review it do better next time
I've always said this you never fail you
only learn
hey guys just got to the office just
finished doing all of my emails for
today not that many to do so I've
started vlogging super quick and I just
brushed over on my computer that email I
got from storm for an earlier about
getting the iPhone stuff from them
refunding me it looks like they're going
to send me the phone out as usual but
they've refunded my account so I haven't
paid for the phone and they're sending
it to me now I ordered two phones from
them the black and the jet black so if
that's for both of them I have no clue
okay free iphone 7 how mental is that
now but on a level no guys check out
this video yesterday mr. Brooks
or should I say Mars bar this is your
new mini putz off the production line
here at SOPA mini we're just carrying
out the PVI ready for you to take
ownership tomorrow look at how cool is
that
I'm going to pick it up tomorrow oh
that's amazing isn't it I can't believe
I'm literally going to pick it up pick
it up tomorrow right I only came to the
office to do my emails I need to go home
now because I've got some work to do
hey now doesn't that look loads better
than before like oh yeah and here as
well there's a big gash along there no
more looking all white and a lot better
that is perfect
off of this wall was ripped off as you
can see it probably needs another coat
but it'll do for now I'll give it
another coat in the morning tomorrow
guys we're actually picking up the new
car the JC to be the John Cooper Works
and I cannot words can't describe how
like oh my gosh we are legitimately
picking up my new car tomorrow and I'm
gonna drive it I I think what I'm going
to do is take a GoPro also need to fit
in recording a tech flow video sometime
this week busy busy busy busy
networking store went great today
everything seems to be heading upwards
nothing seems to be heading downwards
you guys seem to be happy I'm happy
I'm gonna end today's vlog hey guys my
name's Ben Alex you guys been awesome I
can't wait for tomorrow and I will see
you in tomorrow's vlog adios
Oh
