good afternoon guys how are you all
doing my name is of course Alex and
welcome to my Sunday hobby
hi guys sunday sunday sunday it's a
chill vlog session i said today it's not
really that shit I've got some stuff I
need to do so hopefully if you guys
watch yesterday's vlog you aware that
well the amazing news that I get to pick
up my car my brand-new car on Tuesday
which is like four weeks before I was
actually meant to be picking it up which
is absolutely wicked but all day what is
it being a Sunday I haven't have really
got other much stuff to do I've been
sorting out over all the bits of
information if you look down here all
this stuff down here it's all stuff that
I've had to sort out to make sure I can
actually go and pick up the new car on
Tuesday some people you all reminded me
that I have some stuff to do to my
current car before I can actually hand
it over and get the new car and there's
the things that I just totally didn't
think about you guys reminded me which
is awesome so thank you I get my keys my
mother to show you guys what you
reminded me about you guys reminded me
that I actually need to take out this
subwoofer my amplifier and oh god now I
don't know if you guys are even aware
but when I got this car I did a full
blown audio install replaced all the
speakers and installed an amplifier and
obviously when I hand this car over
they're not gonna want that stuff in the
car so I'm gonna have to take it all out
oh this is gonna be a long lengthy cold
process but it's not gonna do itself
via a process of elimination if I touch
these two cables together there we go
now to be fair I understood the sound
system in this car about a year and a
half ago right every single speaker in
this car has been replaced I added a
subwoofer it does just sound really good
hey I'm happy with that man Sunday
mission accomplished boot or clear
amplifier and Sebu for taking out of the
car all the speakers that are in the car
working fine
I'm gonna leave my aftermarket LEDs in
that they can deal with that sweet
that's my son day job sorted right it's
time to kind of say goodbye I'm sort of
feeling a little bit sad actually I'm
saying bye-bye to my car this was my
first car and and now I'm saying bye to
it like I know I'm keeping the car until
Tuesday until Tuesday afternoon I think
that's what I'm gonna go and pick up the
new one and hand this one over but it's
just like man I've had some fun times in
this car like fun times but this is my
first ever owned I learned to drive in
this car and now it's like not gonna lie
guys feeling a little bit sad in a good
way like but some fun times in this
Garmin but the sheer amount of friends
and family that I've had sat in here all
the modifications I've done to it by
myself two years ago and I made a
full-on video about installing these
things inside the car I learned to drive
in it I've never ever driven another car
on the road before like this bit that's
been mine and it's just like wow man so
bro thanks for everything and I hope
your next owner treats you very well and
with a lot of respect because you are a
very very very nice vehicle okay I'm
done that'll do
you point robberies might so then the AP
will go and register with reunify
controller that it got through the ATP
which is your car and that's only a
feature on the edge router will email me
way down keep them warm in their ice
cream warm in there I mean cool in there
it delivered the pieces really really
fast
GG Domino's but we didn't want them just
yet right so guys Peter consumed Toby
has yes again gone off to the spare room
I want to ask you guys a quick question
here just before I kick I am today's
vlog you know webcams and stuff right
now as of recent I've seen a lot of
information about this quite a lot and a
lot of people have been talking about it
and nobody just isn't it because it came
up between conversation between me and
Toby tonight but as a reason I've seen a
lot of people talking about covering up
webcams I don't want to know if you guys
cover up your webcams and if it's
something you think I should do and is
it really a necessary thing to do is my
laptop has a webcam built in the top of
the screen so I'm gonna have to cover
that up as well well the thing is if you
cover up the webcam it's not going to
stop the microphone from work if someone
wants to listen to you they can listen
to you but I just always think you know
if someone's using your webcam surely
the light will come on on the webcam
isn't that the whole point of it so you
can see if you're letting webcam is
being used the light is on or is there a
way to bypass that I don't know I'm
gonna cover it you're better to be safe
than sorry excuse this mess of stuff
guys this is just a Rooter into access
points I'm configuring for a client
tomorrow I'm actually installing a
full-blown wireless system into
someone's house tomorrow which is cool
it's one of my first jobs doing this and
tomorrow morning before I go to the job
I want to design with you guys a toolbox
of tools to take to my job so I can take
this toolbox to all my jobs and
and I need but this is just me
configuring everything what I'd like to
do is configure all the Reuters and
access points at my house and then all I
have to do get onto theirs plug it in
and hopefully it'll just work so I'm
kind of nervous about tomorrow but
hopefully it'll go smoothly and it'll be
a clean install I am going to go ahead
guys and end today's vlog I really
really do hope you've enjoyed it out to
refer guys I haven't enjoyed vlogging
today well no that's not strictly true
I've enjoyed vlogging
okay I'm gonna enjoyed what I've done
today taking my taking all the stuff out
of my time up my car it's made me quite
sad and it's just a bit like Oh sort of
thing I'm just a bit I'm not a hoarder
but I hate getting rid of things
especially the one thing that I learned
to drive in and that's taken me from
point A to point B so many times but I
suppose we've just got to move on to
bigger and better things
my name's me Alex you guys have been
awesome stay tuned for tomorrow's vlog
where I'm gonna be absolutely really
worried about my client installed in the
afternoon so I'm gonna be sucking up to
you guys in the morning part of
tomorrow's vlog but but today guys might
as well as you guys been awesome stay
awesome guys and keep smiling I'll catch
you in tomorrow's vlog adios
