good morning guys how we all doing my
name is uncle Sanj guys and welcome back
to another daily daily blog today is
Sunday
do you guys know it's Sunday grind
nervous
so yes guys today is some day however I
have a really really really early
meeting at this morning I'm going to a
well potentially a new clients house to
give them a quote on how much it's going
to be to network their house you see
these as at this point it's transitioned
in my life from the grind never stops to
the ball the growing can't stop you know
I'm 20 I've just bought a house and I
thought I need to pay for it so the
greater she's not allowed to stop he's
not allowed to stop the grind anymore
it's mental we got this though sweet I
have just arrived at my clients house on
a Sunday morning and I'm literally just
here check out their house because they
want me to do some Wi-Fi this is a brand
new house and Wow looks absolutely
gorgeous a few moments later
that took about five minutes and that
was very very very very easy first
meeting Sunday morning success three
guys all back now Wireless survey
absolutely fine I can set this guy up
for a small price of course but right
now I need to change into this that's
right a classic Bertie cool hoodie I'm
about to go around to my girlfriend's
house for one reason and one reason she
says she wants to take some photos for
the Merc sight of me in all of the
hoodies so I'm gonna go around there and
do that now but I'll only be really
really quick see you guys I told y'all
be quick right I'm taking this off
because doesn't just come out it's
actually kind of warm on Sunday these
these guerrilla parts they're actually
terrible
yeah but thanks Messi
so guys I want to talk about something
quite serious and one of you guys led me
on to this and I've never ever said
anything about this and it's quite a
funny story and I want you I want you
just to listen right a lot of youtubers
in the past and still do they make
what's called a story time video where
they tell a story that's happened in the
past now these things don't happen very
often anymore because no longer they
have a credibility and the reason they
don't have credibility is because well
other youtubers then started to do like
fake story time videos and fakeness and
those are fake things came out you guys
know I'm talking about YouTube's
creating fake beef having fake
relationships breaking up with you and
doing you it's all just fake but one of
the questions that I saw on Twitter was
Alex have you ever been arrested
gentlemen this is democracy manifest so
his this this is what happened okay so
you guys know my friend Barney I've been
talking about him quite a lot recently
because he took two years out of school
to go to Australia and he's literally
only just got back and that's it now
he's staying home and whose litter my
best mates disappeared up my life you
know friends together you do activities
together you play xbox you know you have
you have hobbies that you do with your
friends and one of one of mine and
Barney's hobbies is we used to go
airsofting I think if you look back on
my channel there is a video and then
just even me saying thanks for 500
subscribers of me and Barney airsofting
go is skirmishing and we loved it we had
like really expensive airsoft guns
regardless of kid out and we were
honestly like we were kids we thought we
were in that we thought were in the god
damn army right at my old house I had
just bought a really really really brand
new airsoft gun it was quite expensive
and all of me and all my mates to an
airsoft and including Barney were like
oh my god that's amazing I can't believe
Alex has bought that so my old house if
he looked out my bedroom window you
could see
like a big lump post that wasn't in use
anymore it had like a sign on it and I
used to use it as like target practice
out my bedroom window right it's all
private property and obviously in my
last house like anybody I had like loads
of neighbors around my house and so my
friend Barney picks up picks up this gun
right and I'm just chilling on my
confused it wasn't even me right that
did this this is how you guys know it
this isn't fake I didn't even do it
Barney did it and I'm sorry bro for
telling everybody how you got me
arrested and was arrested he picks up
the gun and he starts shooting at the
pole and I just think I was just
shooting at the pole right he's just
shooting my airsoft gun it was an
automatic airsoft gun but it was
shooting it single fire at this pole I
was sat on my computer
the next thing I swear to god right I
don't really know what happened because
I wasn't looking but the next thing that
happened was I just see Barney drop down
to the floor and I just hear a girl
scream outside and I'm like oh my god
what have you done and he's like Alex
get down get down a shutter shutter and
at this point I'm like man what the hell
do you mean you shot her like what in
any way it turns out that he was firing
at this metal pole outside you'd had a
little target one right in there and the
bb's were ricocheting off this pole
right and going in straight in to the to
the neighbor's garden shed right as to
which an old woman was in there in her
garden she was in her garden shed doing
some gardening or whatever she was doing
on the weekend and these and these
little bullets were ricocheting off this
pole right and going straight in do you
guys get the point right they literally
we see them 20 minutes later on the
phone to the police outside therefore
they're on the phone then looking up and
pointing at my window well uh so anyway
me and Barney being the young kids that
we were we did the wrong thing and we
hid right and the police came round
knocked on the door we were upstairs we
didn't go to the door eventually the
police just left and we thought oh my
god we've got away with it we've got
away with it honestly the scariest day
of my life right and the police left and
nothing happened so you guys thought
Alex you never got arrested no I didn't
think I was gonna get arrested
everything everything was absolutely
fine me and Barney thought we've got
away with it that's it right then later
on in that day Barney leaves my house
and I go to bed next morning I wake up
didn't have College that day and
remember is like 10 a.m. and I lit
we just woken up I was in my room just
in my boxers just chilling out about to
go downstairs and have some breakfast
and I get a knock on the door so I'm
thinking okay the the postman's may be
trying to live her a parcel or something
so I I strut down right in my boxes once
at the front door and who's there not a
policeman a policewoman is at the door
right it's on a massive glass door at my
last house she can literally see me
straight there and I'm stood there like
in my boxers like oh my god I don't know
what to do it's the police so I'm there
my boxes and I just go and I open the
door and I'm still in my boxers I'm
still in my boxers at this point and the
police ladies like can I come in and I'm
like yeah and I'm stood there in my box
and then I think I said something like
the kitchen is just through there do you
want to take a seat I'm gonna go and get
some some clothes on and she says yeah
that's fine anyway two minutes later I
come down and yeah she's just sat at the
kitchen table with a big notepad and
she's at she's asking me all these
questions and she says that I'm under
arrest for using using an air rifle so I
then had to go down to the police
station with her take my airsoft gun
with me to prove to someone at the
police station that I was shooting with
an airsoft gun so obviously the old
people had rang up and said they're
shooting us with an air rifle not an
airsoft hence why the police came racing
down with their lights on and that guy's
is the story of me getting arrested and
probably hopefully my only and last
interaction with the police except from
that one time I was taking photos on the
bridge in a vlog ages ago and someone
rang the police thinking I was going to
commit suicide which is really really
really really horrible again if you guys
want to chat to me about anything you
know I'm always here oh that's so
embarrassing a comp live I'm just told
bus starts so embarrassing the worst
part about isn't just me getting
arrested it's just the fact that I
answered the door to a policewoman in
the boxes you guys know that box out
there that I said will unbox soon I'm
probably gonna unbox it in tomorrow's
vlog that one well I think it's an item
for the live streaming room so um I'm
kind of stoked and I have really
really really can't wait for tomorrow to
get this thing out of the box of course
I one screwing me over here I really
hope it's that brand new Prada that
they've just launched which is fairly
amazing right some day in the office
guys I'm gonna call it quits in here I
think off goes my special YouTube light
LEDs guys think that sunset over there
is slightly magical I can't quite show
you from the ground so I think this
should sort it
