15% left in the camera battery Oh No
what are we gonna do well luckily Alex's
redone the ultimate the ultimat setup
here we've got all our batteries all
organized we can use battery number one
and now I can carry on vlogging today
good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course I'm wait a minute
before before I need to start this vlog
and I need to I need to at least I need
to at least click render on on
yesterday's vlog like give me a second
there we go
let's get that bad boy all uploaded and
rendered sweet guys yes good morning to
you I'll just finish editing yesterday's
vlog I think would you say afternoon
actually I think well minutes past
twelve twelve minutes plus twelve I've
got some great news to talk about today
guys
absolutely great news I'm so happy to
this this is the this is a thing this is
this is now a thing I'll talk to you
guys about it a little bit later okay we
had some good news I got some great news
something I need to tell you guys a
little bit later on in the vlog but to
start with garbey the problem now
promised you guys that was gonna upload
episode 1 of rebuilding the ultimate set
up tonight so for you guys watching this
yesterday night and my plan was to edit
it yesterday for you guys watching this
right now two days ago and I didn't get
a chance to edit it so I've got to edit
part one right now it's gonna take me
probably three or four hours to edit it
and by that time it's probably gonna be
dark which is gonna be really annoying
but I really do need to get this thing
edited it sucks I know but I need to get
this done so without further ado let's
time-lapse and edit three two one
I have literally just clicked render
just finished I told you to tell me
about five hours oh it comes across as
it all you're doing is you're sitting
there you're just sitting there on the
computer using a mouse we're not even
moving how does that tie you out but
honestly it's the amount of brain juice
it uses editing videos oh wow
right just finished editing this video
the time is currently 546 p.m. this
taking 30 minutes to render probably 30
minutes to upload that's taking us to
quarter to seven it'll probably take an
hour to process on YouTube because I've
done it all in 4k so that our video will
by the time you guys to seeing this it's
gonna be up but 8 p.m. hopefully 8 p.m.
tonight I'm pretty certain 8 p.m.
tonight that video is gonna be out like
I'm not certain I'm gonna get it or face
2 o'clock I'm literally just got a tweet
hour about two weeks out saying I'm
happy to announce at 8 p.m. tonight part
1 of rebuilding the ultimate set it will
be live thank you for all the continuous
support tweet and it's gone brilliant
okay it looks like the video is just
about to finish rendering quicker than
it said it was so it's definitely gonna
be built for 8:00 p.m. tonight should
already be live if you haven't seen it
guys go make sure you watch it I've got
like a lot of editing time and I put a
lot of work into episode 1 I always like
to kick off when I do a new series and
the main channel kick it off with a big
push so I really hope you guys like it
yeah I've tried my hardest on it guys so
hopefully hopefully you like it
obviously part one which has just gone
out yesterday only consists of this part
of the room being made part two which is
currently still being recorded consists
of us putting this bit together
obviously yeah we've got a few problems
here I even started to label all of my
little drawers I've got USB audio visual
equipment then these these three these
three are all networking but look at
this look it's literally quarter past
six and that's the Dagon tell you that I
had some really cool news but what cool
news is making that's making me really
excited and it is making me or has made
me really excited so so today I got a
message wait a minute I don't know how
to explain this to you sir this is
really weird this doesn't usually happen
but I know if you guys have ever bought
a car of you know if you an old enough
to buy a car if you have bought a car I
don't even think this happens to most
people but when you buy a mini okay this
is what happens they send you right they
send you video updates like like a vlog
like that the people that work in the
mini carriage send you a vlog a video of
the process of where your car is and
lonely very sure anywhere from like 10
to 20 seconds long and let me give you
an example of one of them I'm not going
to show anyone's face or you can die
just okay I just said do it so you can
listen to it right and this is one of
the phone this is the first one I got or
one of the first ones okay so this is
the first one I got after I did the test
drive you guys saw that Wayne did that
test drive in the JCW this is what they
sent me afterwards and there's a video
on my screen I'm not going to show it
because of privacy reasons
so what they do
I don't think that's normal I'm not
saying it's not cool it's just not
normal but I woke up this morning to an
absolutely awesome one right okay let me
play you this so my car is ready to be
picked up Wow well I wants to be totally
honest with you guys I'm super super
super excited that it's arrived but I
was looking forward you know to the way
they said to me that it was gonna be six
weeks six to eight weeks it's been about
three weeks and I was set to wait that
long I think you know good things come
to those who wait and it's currently
quickly which is awesome but I kind of
wanted to wait for it it's not strange
well I already do want the car really
want the car so much but I was always
down for waiting I kind of wanted to
wait right but nevertheless the car is
half of the garage right now as a few
things I need to do like stuff to do
with with road tax and a number play and
and they're getting insurance sorted
before I can go and pick it up so I'm
not going to pick you up into in
tomorrow's but or even the day after but
I'm going to pick it up in three days
time that is gonna be a really cool vlog
if not for you guys for me
I'm super excited and super happy and I
can't wait to show you guys around all
the features and all the tech that I've
put on the car because as I've told you
guys before for me it's just much about
the car as it is about the technology
inside it and lies why I went for the
minis because it's in my price bracket
it's the most affordable car where you
can have the most vast amount of tech on
it
like the car can massage you whilst
you're in it and driving mill consumed
you know what I'm really liking just
sitting in this room this chair is
really comfy like I'm just loving this
right now
I'm learning so it's awesome news about
the car as well we'll try and go and
pick that up on Tuesday try to not
making any promises what I do have to do
though is take my subwoofer sub woofer
the woofer and the amplifier and all the
light and lights and mods that I've done
in my car at the moment we have to take
all of that out before I give my car
over to the to the garage so we have to
do that probably Monday or maybe we'll
do that tomorrow I'll just see how I
feel but I'm gonna go around to Maria's
now because she's back off to Manchester
tomorrow's the last night I can spend
with her whilst she's back up this way
in Nottingham so I'm gonna go do that so
guys - Ben Alex you guys been awesome
still some guys and keep smiling I'll
catch you in tomorrow's vlog I'm so
happy the way things are heading guys
adios
