ok Luna are you doing oh no no you are
literally the biggest dog I've ever seen
in my life mental you're mental why is
your tailor Weber teammate what are you
doing why is it ah good morning guys how
you're doing my name is of course Alex
and well before today start I'm just
snacking on some grapes I've got a
really really really busy day today guys
but first I want to show you something
that's fairly new to my life say hello
to Harvey now this this is Harvey and it
is an old boy this is what this is a dog
right and you're probably thinking to
yourself wait a minute actually you've
got a dog now what are you doing what's
going on and well yes we have Harvey now
for the next three weeks some of our
friends have gone on holiday and we are
looking after good old Harvey literally
he's Elevens quite old for a dog we're
looking after him for the next three
weeks so you might see him in a few more
of the vlogs I just thought I'd let you
guys know so you're not shocked with
this there's a dog always at my house
trying to keep you guys in for but yeah
it's got a super super super busy day
today got a record a vlog got a record
the start of part two of redoing the
ultimate set up and got it edit all
apart what does it fill up the car the
little bit of peck the sad thing is that
might be the last time I fill this car
up with diesel the post office tried to
deliver something again and I wasn't in
received my parcel
all right guys these are good words with
all of you for a second right because
well okay okay okay well I'll paint the
picture in the last like month and a
half two months I've been doing a lot of
work for external people clients as
you've heard me say numerous times and a
lot of it has been like really stressing
me out but I don't like to bring
negativity and stress and doubt things
that are like not net not not positive
into these blogs like these words to be
really positive all the time but that's
what I'd like to do with these things
and you guys noticed that I was and I
wasn't showing you like the full picture
of like my brain and how I was doing
everything and how I was feeling and you
said the vlogs like they didn't feel
normal because I was hiding things and I
was only showing the positive things so
I want to talk about not necessarily a
negative thing that's happened but guys
I'm just feeling like at the moment I'm
just feeling like in my brain I don't I
can't really explain it I can't really
explain it I look at myself and I'm
thinking right amazing I'm just you know
I've just been to this this the sidemen
event and another political people and
I'm doing I'm trying to give aways
keeping people happy and I just don't
feel like I'm giving it my full
everything I am because I'm just rather
nice i don't know what's happening
alright someone knowing i look at this
because I've got so much work on at the
moment or I'm trying to do too much I
just don't feel like I'm giving it my
everything but I am giving him
everything and I can't train my brain to
tell myself I am giving him everything I
just feel like I'm failing and that's
running really hard concept to
understand and it's probably just a
stupid phase that stupid alex is going
through right now and I'll get over it
within like two or three days but like
yesterday I was in London and I didn't
like video in myself and I just didn't
feel like as I say I don't really know
what's going on with me at the moment
and that's why I'm telling you guys I
want to be truthful with you and I want
you guys to know what's going on with me
and possibly you guys could help me in
the comment section down below
and please don't tell me to take a break
because I don't want to take a break I
love doing this thing right I'm not
taking a break I just need to know what
what what I did where I am in my head
now that also and done and you guys
being kept in the loop a clean room is a
clean mind I need to clean this place I
mean look at it let's go guys my
graphics designer has just sent me a
picture of like what we might be doing
on the new shirts I'm bringing out some
hoodies I'm trying to bring out some
hoodies as we get into like this colder
weather now changing season I want to
bring out some hoodies for sort of
autumn Christmas time and this is
possibly the new design for it it's all
this speculation at the moment I'm just
trying to keep you guys in the loop
because that's what you asked me to do
and I love ya sweet alltid let me want
to throw it don't put all of the gaming
stuff out on this desk case I've got me
two games of place Ledger's heavy which
i haven't unboxed yet and then we've got
over to the PlayStation VR PlayStation
camera two of these why is that skype
noise it's coming from the bluetooth
speaker some more must be connected to
it got the PlayStation Move xbox
controller ps4 controller all that laid
out on there looking sexy obviously got
the course our lap dog I'm saving that
to use in the live streaming rig which
we will eventually do for their and then
we've got the two phones to give away
right so this room it's a bit messy yes
I know that but I've been putting some
plans together for it and it's looking
pretty cool and I want to tell you guys
I'm thinking carpet this area and board
that up and this up have a little TV
stand here with the TV on it a pc and an
xbox and ps4 for live streaming a mini
sofa here a webcam a surround sound
system it'll be the live streaming dead
and I
is going to be an awesome project to
work on near a Christmas time once we're
finished redoing the ultimate setup at
home and obviously the great thing is
we're redoing the ultimate setup at home
which means some of the equipment that
we're replacing in the ultimate setup at
home can be brought to this den for live
streaming which is really really really
cool so those are my plans for the
ultimate live streaming great obviously
again I'm wanting all this to be really
interactive so if you guys have any
ideas or you want to see anything let me
know in the comment section down below
right I need to go I need to start
episode 2 of rebuilding the ultimate
setup right guys I've just arrived at
home base i'm gonna start episode 2 of
redoing the ultimate set up in
home-based car park so gonna switch
memory cards in this camera go into full
on mars bar mode and start episode 2
i'll probably include some time lapse
ism behind the scenes in this vlog okay
let's go
alright if you think into yourself Alex
you're looking really tired and sweaty
and you I think my lips bleeding is it
cottoned on to all through those things
you're very observational I'm absolutely
knackered still haven't finished so far
recording part 2 of rebuilding the
ultimate set up I'll talk you go through
all of this in a second and no the
reason I've stopped is because well I'm
just I'm just waiting for my drill to
charge okay it's been a holdup at the
moment so I thought I may as well
continue to vlog and this is where our
apps so far okay so taking all the
shelves out that they've all gone I mean
the process of putting the new shelves
up I've got some beautiful corners out
of them to route cables and stuff but
you guys ready for this you know you
know what it's not very often that i'm
proud of something check out my wall
mounted network boys and girls now that
that is cool thing is though with if
there's if there's a problem with
anything i can just follow the cable and
i'll get i'll get straight to the answer
to that yeah i'm super proud of that
just wait for my drill to charge and
need a little bit of food Oh wanna see
what I wanted to cook myself up for a
little bit of food you ready for this
I'm I am such a healthy person
so you fill it with barbecue sauce four
pieces of bread chocolate cake and a
rocky for pudding also a mullet from
corner with a spoon to go along with it
that should just about tide me over
right guys food consumed and need to get
back to recording part two but literally
upset myself an alarm on my phone to go
off at 1055 that's in three minutes you
probably can Alex what's the alarm for
Alex why have you got an alarm set for
three minutes time well I set it about
an hour ago and the reason I set that
alarm was to say Alex when the alarm
goes off you need to stop working look I
still haven't even finished yet I've
still got all of this stuff out here
love but I've just finished off
recording part 1 of episode 2 of
rebuilding the ultimate setup and this
is what I've done in the last six and a
half hours I've just said this in in the
actual main video visit this is all this
has taken six and a half hours and it
doesn't seem like it should have taken
that long but then again there is a lot
of stuff that's actually gone on here I
don't know is playing on my mind a bit
like I do feel like I do feel like I'm
working really really fast doing all of
this and I think I am I just think this
genuinely does take about six and a half
hours to put together I really honestly
hope you guys like and I'm sure you will
the main channel series run out that
episode 1 but for now minus when Alex
you guys have been awesome thanks for
watching today's vlog and I'll keep you
updated in a vlog tomorrow oh wow oh yes
