morning guys how we are doing I'm in an
apple store right now I'm trying to get
my hands on an iphone 7 plus again but I
guarantee they're not gonna have it in
stock
no it didn't have any in stock just as I
thought the weather in London today is
absolutely sucky it's dark as horrible
as miss burlesque rowdy crowd e cloudy
don't have an iphone 7 plus yet I need
to figure out how I'm going to give one
away to you guys just at nandos foods
arrived I'm really really really hungry
can't wait to get home tonight London
I'm getting a bit bored right as I'm in
Kings Cross station right now playing a
little bit of Pokemon go i have been
playing on the Google pixel phone which
I'll talk to you guys a little bit later
about been using it in google in google
in in London been using the google
pixels we're all day so that is a
something to talk about bit later i'll
tell you guys like my my thoughts and
what i think of it like coming from
android and stuff like that but i'm just
playing a bit pokemon go this Ben is
pretty much dead and we are just waiting
for our train to get back home I'm just
using this guy's lure here and where is
if I can show you guys I've just caught
this guy so pretty proud about that
sweet waiting for the train
finally home from London Oh guys haven't
we got some things to talk about the
last two days have been mental hey Siri
turn on the lights that still really
satisfies me okay first off I want to
address something now earlier on in my
vlog I said I think I was getting tired
of London I was thinking about this on
the train on the way back and now i'm
not getting tired of london that's not
what I meant I just meant I was getting
a bit tired because well it was the
weather was just a bit boring and London
London's great right don't get me wrong
London's great if you live there but if
you don't live there all you can do is
pretty much shop and eat and if you can
do other things then you guys let me
know it's not going back to London do
some cool things but I was just shopping
and the Train wasn't till like six
o'clock and yada yada yada and I just
get a bit bored so if there's cool
things to do in London then let me know
guys that appreciate it but anyway made
it back home now the dark nights are
setting in as you can see it's very very
dark right now would you scare you that
I'm complaining about it being dark so
early even though the clocks haven't
even gone back yet so it's even gonna
get darker even earlier when when the
clock starts to go back witches are no
all the way home on the train that I've
been doing my online training for my
drone cause I think guys I think I'm
almost there so very very very soon
we'll be able to bring the drone back to
these vlogs and get things up and
running again now the google pixel where
is it there it is this is it this is
this is the pixel I do like it ok all of
you guys have been asking me for my
opinions my humble opinion on this
google pixel phone and have to save
right to your Android people fair play I
have said this throughout my vlogs
through this entire time right through
this entire family vlog and I've always
said the same thing and upset I am
100-percent an iPhone guy but that does
not mean that i hate android and then
the day there's nothing wrong with
android at all it looks nice it works
it's fast it's responsive it does what i
want it to do bar snapchat sucking ass
but I didn't hate it I've just been with
the iOS ecosystem ever since I've had a
phone
and I'm just used to it and I don't see
the point in changing just don't it
takes time to learn new operating
systems but I thought what I do is give
it a go run both and you know what I've
had both these things in my pocket and
I've been picking this one up more now
that's probably I know something to do
with it being a new phone and me being
excited to be on it because it's the new
google pixel I get that but you guys
said Alex what you're thinking of the
phone and well I'm reaching for it more
than my iphone which is strange so GG
Android quick back story actually my key
binding thing broke that holds my keys
together last week so I've had no keys
like the last week that have been like
remotely together so I've been literally
keeping my keys in my cup holder and
it's been such a bore Lake finally got
myself a key binder though I swear to
God is the things you take for granted
in a life that you miss when they're
gone sweet back in my comfort zone back
in my office oh my god I need to clean
some of this stuff up actually I've got
so much stuff on my desk look at this
everything from keys to iPhones monitors
to keyboards to packaging to box let's
recap the last few days because it's
gone super super super super fast and
I've enjoyed every second of it how's
you to be fine no it was it was
yesterday that I was actually in this
office so much has happened between now
and then it seems like a longer time
than that I guess last thing I my
brother's office was receiving the
iphone 7 plus which is here and put in
my hand that needs to figure out how I'm
gonna get this thing away it's probably
gonna be on QT so get yourself signed up
to cutie just type into Google cutie
qute sign up and then we're doing a
giveaway you'll be entered I'm a screens
of come on you should bow to see me a
little bit clearer now okay so the last
few days well last night was absolutely
mental it's only just dawned on me now
come home how much I actually enjoyed it
so obviously you guys know my girlfriend
Mia yes you got Wow your guys comment on
yesterday's video Jesus I think it got
like top comment one of you was like
alex is a thought a guy to go to a hotel
room with his girlfriend and he'll sleep
on the sofa and I was like what I know
guys you know Mia it's my girlfriend she
lives in manchester she used to live
quite close she's like really close to
me then she's gone to University of
Manchester was absolutely sucks because
I never really get to spend any time
without the travel to go down this year
and which is a bit of a change from what
it was like before because before i
could say whatever I wanted and now I
can't you get the point it was awesome
to take her down to London with me it's
been a bit time with her in London which
was really really really really cool
really enjoyed that but on top of that
was the sidemen event which was
absolutely groundbreaking absolutely
awesome and numerous main reasons number
one it was in The Shard which was
absolutely amazing the view of a London
was just incredible number two I met a
lot of absolutely awesome people at the
event one of them being mr. George
Benson himself a medium of controversy
over Twitter numerous times and with
jada stuff we've never seen major the
real life so when he came up and touched
my shoulder and introduced himself and
said hey real life to me at the event
stuff like that just made me smile and
obviously all of the side member there
was absolutely awesome to see all those
guys looking so happy obviously the been
together for three years now and it just
released a book so they just the use of
all in really good spirits which is good
i love seeing people happy and there's
people that I didn't even expect to see
like ali-a and Conor Maynard and even
JME was that JME boy retinol and even
comedy short Gail was there I told you
guys yesterday's video absolutely loved
his car
then I love it I love him to pieces man
so yeah that was what happened and it
was just like amazing honestly the whole
night was absolutely amazing and so
totally worth I was gonna save it for a
totally separate video or something or
you know make a bit of a bigger deal
about it but you know what today I'm
going to under I'm just gonna do it you
know what you know what okay iphone 7
plus giveaway you want to enter link is
in the description click on the Qt page
sign up to cutie comment on that page
right comment this soon as slick wraps
of giving me this phone to give away to
you guys so thank you to them go on to
slit craps website right going to grab
some website I put link to it in the
description and then look through all of
the wraps that they do and tell me in
your own words on the Qt page what your
favorite rap is the name of it and why
it's your favorite rap and then you're
entered it's as simple as that ok guys
thank you for all the support recently
you are all incredible people I love you
ok guys back from dreams noise coming
from in my back
what are you doing pussycat tomorrow I'm
gonna be ripping this room apart
tomorrow I'm gonna destroy this room
because tomorrow yes finally I know you
guys are gonna be super pumped about
this I'm gonna be recording part 2 of
redoing the altima setup I wasn't bit of
strange read this morning like a weird
mood this morning I was in early
cinematic mood and I wasn't in the mood
to talk to the camera I don't really
know why but I thought what I do is try
and film little slow motion and some
called timelapses and stuff like that
and I think that's what I didn't have
this vlogs turned out at all so I hope
you've enjoyed it nevertheless that's
filled your video needs but for now
management Alex you guys been awesome
tomorrow join me back for another vlog
well we'll do some awesome cool DIY
stuff and record the video for the main
channel part 2 of rigidly ultimate setup
but that's enough for me rambling might
as well Alex you guys been awesome still
some kid smiling yeah catch you in my
next video adios
Oh
you
