hello mate can I get a yeah could I get
a taxi to Newark north gate station
please mate from good morning guys how
are y'all doing my name is of course
Alex welcome back to another daily vlog
my phone is so annoying like literally
oh my god I'm off to London today with
Maria because this is an event on
tonight's the event I haven't been able
to tell you guys about you guys been
Alex worried in Wednesday and I'm like
what I'm going to London but I can't
tell you guys why I'm going to London
until I actually get to London so that
is happening today but first and it's
head to the office because I've been
told well I say I've been told that
sounds really special doesn't it not ok
pretty much what's happened is that I've
just checked on the online tracking
thing and it says that this special
parcel has been delivered this morning
and you guys are gonna love it I think
this is it you see you see this this
parcel this okay okay okay okay okay
very very very cool parcel right here
it's just exciting for you guys actually
as it is for me because I've never had
one of these devices before
well okay I'll give it away give me a
second I mean I say I've never have one
of these devices before I've got an
iPhone 7 in a box here which I'm
obviously given away to get that sent
off the winner house send me their
details I'll need to get that sent off
to the winner for this I've never had
one of these before and quite frankly
I'm excited and you guys should be too
iPhone 7 plus but it's not just any
ordinary iPhone 7 plus oh my god it
gorgeous
okay Ella please notice any regular
iPhone 7 plus low look oh my god this is
not your regular iPhone 7 plus wow wow
wow look at it even the adapter um and
their Bose headphones okay so I teamed
up with slick wraps to do this they've
absolutely gone above and beyond and
they've even put a screen protector on
the phone for me as well let's get that
booted up I've never held that an iPhone
7 plus before so this is a first for me
too
but this isn't my phone guys don't get
me wrong I'm giving this away to one of
you lucky people so drop a like rating
on the video wait a minute let me let me
think
odd-job like right on the video anyway
and then I own in the next few days I'm
gonna think about how I'm gonna give
this bad boy away brilliant I'm gonna
tuck these phones in here as we all know
I've given up giving away this one
already we've already chosen a winner
that bad boy just need to give this
phone away and then and then we're all
golden pretty much is what I'm trying to
tell you guys
okay got about a thousand bags taxis
here nice get to London
so I've arrived in the hotel room it's
pretty it's got a pretty pretty plain
view you can see like the BT tower over
there which is uh pretty much the only
iconic thing you can see out of the
hotel we're on the top floor of this of
this shop I might try to do a time-lapse
here because the clouds look pretty
sweet room itself is it's interesting
it's a room at the end of the day it's
got a go to bed that's so fun it's just
my desk and I've uploaded my video for
yesterday I think we're gonna go out and
grab some food and then we're gonna head
to this event on well but when it starts
at 7:00 o'clock tonight and I can
actually tell you guys I can tell you
guys what the event is now cuz I've
arrived in London and I told you guys
that I tell you what it was
when I arrived in London because video
is not going out till tomorrow so the
event will be over so I can just I can
just tell you where you going to the
bathroom
you're hiding away wait oh wait let me
show you this okay scary this looks
right ready
okay so pretty much this event I don't
really know that much about it that's
why I haven't really told you guys but
I've been told the invite but when I was
given the invite I was told it was
strictly confidential I could bring a
plus-one I'm a plus one is Mia she's in
the bathroom um okay this is it it's
apparently like you guys have heard of
the Cybermen obviously right they're a
bunch of big youtubers if they haven't I
Loes a youtuber z√ºrcher ksi yada yada
yada you guys get the point you know who
they are right you just you just do and
it's an event tonight at a really cool
place one of the coolest places probably
in the whole of London and it's right at
the top of it I'll take you guys there
tonight and it's the sidemen that's
because if the sideman have been have
been together for now three years which
is absolutely awesome so congratulations
to the to the sidemen massive massive
achievement now three years and they've
also just released a book as well so
it's kind of like a celebration for that
the book was released yesterday but
that's is it that's the event tonight is
gonna be obviously the sidemen now
machine is gonna be able youtubers if
i've been invited so that would be cool
to do a little bit networking stuff and
have a chat to people and oh yeah but
for now i'm hungry the amount starts at
seven and it's like four o'clock so
we're gonna get food
but cook patent the road
we may thank you very much just I'm
assuming is this this way I have no idea
what's going on you can put the blinds
up or down
okay question for the audience what is
this lift line here
okay we just realized it was a free bar
so now try to take advantage of that
we've got some drinks here those are
really cool people here like good I've
seen a yeah yeah even comedyshortsgamer
was here Shane really really enjoying it
even Jamie is here which is which is
insane I think about there behind me
every day we could see him but yeah I'm
really enjoying it he's amazing got some
drinks how many people ask me about my
cameras tonight the only reason I was
anyone with a camera is because other
people everyone else is quite drunk okay
so we just got back from the sidemen we
call it sideburn event is the shard was
absolutely incredible like just being
able to spend that vast amount of time
up at the top of the shard with a view
over London was like amazing absolutely
amazing so much time up there like you
can you can pay to go up there right but
you only get like a limited amount of
time in that I worked left like five
hours which is just incredible obviously
amazing to me all the sidemen as well
well we meet them I'm gonna meet them
all again and hopefully you guys at the
upload event that should be cool if you
haven't got tickets I'll hopefully and
remember to put a link at the
description but I probably won't
remember one amazing thing that I just
absolutely blew my mind was that Jamie
was there and obviously I spoke to all
the side men they're all really cool and
I can't wait to get to that event and
meet them but when I saw Jamie there I
was like wow those really cool manage to
shake his hand and think I voted with
him or anything but I waited shook his
hand just before I left and I was
absolutely amazing he's like he seems
like such a sound chill guy he was
honestly just dancing as like a DJ and
he was dancing and stuff and I was just
probably there like laughing at him but
yeah that was that was absolutely
awesome and also comedyshortsgamer was
there never ever met him before
and I watched like every single one of
his videos every single one of the
viewers makes me laugh he never fails to
entertain me so I went up when I told
him how much is how much his videos
meant to me and now you know how many
videos and stuff that watched of his and
just just how much he like I've noticed
makes me laugh and stuff and he seemed
like really
really thankful for that which is
absolutely awesome so sort of mission
accomplished tonight all the side men
were a world they're care side the whole
lot massive thanks to word cerca for the
invite by the way but I really
appreciate it but that was the event we
also got these these bags and I think
we've got like a free free book inside
of it the Seidman book I can't get it
out but I'm going to end today's vlog
here guys I do hit you've enjoyed it
I've made use of that free bar quite
well towards the end of it and so I'm
feeling they're feeling pretty
Dizzy's the right word but anyway yes -
what Alex you guys been awesome stay
awesome
keep smiling I'll see you in tomorrow's
video yes
