I'm late
- mrs. bad two minutes I could it that
fine again
there we go we've arrived at the
infamous Google headquarters I've been
here once before and it was about a year
ago I'm assuming this is all something
to do with the Google pixel phone I'm
not sure yet let's just go in I see why
they want us to be here I really don't I
really don't know thank you very much
something is weird Google you might have
been required super-nice is very quiet I
don't understand minutes okay do you
want a drink or anything
yeah it's a strange room we've got
strange chairs arranged carpet that
weird lamp over there
Hey
right so I'll box my phone it's right
here it's absolutely amazing and Google
also it gave me a give me a chromecast
looking after me I'm going to go into a
special room now and record a quick
little video of a tech flow try me one
of the first in the UK to get a video
online about the new Google pixel I'm
new to all this Android stuff I'm really
enjoying it as you can see I'm just
transferring all my data across from my
iPhone via the still in that adapter
things included in the box which is
really interesting so yeah this is my
this is my new phone guys amazing
so I'm here in a private little booth in
Google HQ right this right we've just
recorded a template video I'm just
uploading it now but one of the first
people in the UK to get a tech flow
video or to get technology video up
about about the the new Google pixel
excel so could learn that step flow now
everything looking sweet got my Google
pixel I'm not I'm not changing it
where's my baby
I mean my daily driver but this is still
my daily driver but this is going to be
my new like like work phone instead of
using I don't know any other no it's
gone I've got another iPhone that used
my work phone I'm going to use this as
my work phone is here this is my usual
work phone but I use this is the work
phone and then I can do my snapchats and
stuff off off off the new Google pixel
XL which is awesome so guys go check out
the temper video oh I'm not gonna put a
link in the description so I'll just
forget but go on take flow and it'll be
up to sup now I think yes up
so guys look this is a secret insider
not many people will show you this this
is the Google offices people are working
here and then this is a conference for
everyone I've got this like weird camera
and then you can see you can kind of see
me in the corner of this TV and then
they've got this big desk with this with
this touch screen thing on it and
probably not meant to be touching it
right now but then again I'm in here
with the new Google phone which is
absolutely wicked
I can't wait to like get used to using
it and stuff
I'll show you guys as well we're here
this is the Google canteen to all the
people at Google eat look how cool all
the drawers are and stuff and I've got
all like all the fruit and oh wow
so in these little drawers have got like
there's little compactor items like
snacks and crisps and google of got it
mail a solar cookers and crisps from the
canteen here's my ride home
ok guys today's happened so fast it
seems literally like two minutes ago
that I was getting out of bed and then
two minutes ago since I was rushing to
the train station because it is too much
work this morning and I was like oh no
the time the time I'm going to miss the
train
um okay I'm gonna get on now so yeah
I'll just I'll catch up with you guys
when I get when I get home yeah hey guys
I'm home
hey guys look look it's down there which
it's just there okay so on the train on
the way back to get from London to back
where I live on the train it takes like
an hour and 20 minutes and I swear to
God I didn't turn that Google pixel off
I was on it signing into all out my
gmail and still getting on my email
setup hands down landing on me out
downloading Spotify signing into
Facebook signing into messenger
downloading Dropbox downloading LinkedIn
so I can do business connections with
people and it's not even dead like I've
not got it plugged in because because
it's dead but when Google gave it to me
it didn't even have full battery only
had about 75% and now I think it's on 18
but I mean if that was an iPhone it'll
be dead now don't get me wrong I still
am keeping my iPhone as as my daily
driving phone but I also have a smaller
phone a smaller iPhone 6s a black one
which I use primarily is my work phone
and that is how people can contact me
who I work with
and then that is my personal phone so
I've put my work phone this small one
back in its box and I'm going to be
using the Google pixel as my daily
driving work phone for I don't know
forever and that the Android people that
follow me you guys will be like yes alex
is alex is making the switch and I were
fair to this this is a
ass Android phone that I've really
enjoyed using and I really am enjoying
using it the camera on it is phenomenal
athlete phenomenal but guys I've got a
proposition to ask you right and because
well ah because because I get so lost in
the YouTube comments on my videos or in
any video on YouTube for a matter of
fact when I have something serious to
talk to you guys about I'm gonna just
create a QT page for it and I'll talk to
you guys about that topic on on QT on
the key today so I'll drop the link in
the description to it now but pretty
much I was talking to Google obviously
after they give me the phone and I tried
to them for a bit
and they said to me this they said Alex
if there's anything you can think you
want to do like a project you want to
work on or something all the something
that you want to do and you think Google
could help then let us know but I don't
know what project to work on what
project you guys think I could work on
do a video for it like with Google right
and so I know all of you guys are really
clever so if you want to give me some
feedback or you think there's B be a
really cool thing like in our
collaboration opportunity with me and
Google and we can make a video on it or
something anything random put it on the
Qt page below I really want to hear what
you guys have to say about bugs I know
you guys got some good ideas that said
it to me and though I was just like what
I don't know what we could do together
what could me and Google do together I
don't have a clue could be anything so
guys let me know on the cute page in the
description and then I don't know if I
choose your idea and put it forward to
Google and they're like heck yeah let's
do it I'll give you a shout out or
something how about that still can't get
over these monitors man they just sat
here until until we do the setup okay
guys so I'm back in London tomorrow I'm
at this secret event thing tomorrow I
told you guys before if you've been
paying attention I make this like secret
event tomorrow and I literally can't
tweet about it can't put tell you guys
about it can't do anything about it
other thing is it's not like it not
anything is really being revealed or
anything at this event that I'm in
London tomorrow it's more just a party I
don't really know why I can't Twitter
out every no why I can't tell you guys
so yeah that should be fun to go to
tomorrow I'm taking away with me so
that's cool you'll see her tomorrow in
the vlog and stuffs now but seriously
like impressions of this phone I
actually really really
really like it like it's really cool got
on my UPS got my Spotify my snapshots
and stuff the thing is I'll be using
this phone for snapchat like my Marcy
snaps account so I'm hoping the camera
quality because Android snapchats a
little bit sucky and we all know that
hopefully it's gonna be good enough for
you guys but I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog here guys
I can't wait see you all in tomorrow's
vlog but for now my name's Ben Alex you
guys have been awesome stay awesome guys
and keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's video I love your faces adios
I'm so
