ah okay I wanna start this video by
saying I'm feeling better than I did
yesterday still not feeling 100% though
Monday morning I'm gonna clean this room
then go for a run right run time I can
happily say but whatever I was feeling
yesterday I'm just sweating all out
right let the normal vlogs continue
good morning guys how are you all doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another daily video as you can
see if I just kind of drop down and then
go back up again as you can see we've
got some good weather yesterday I was
feeling feeling a little bit sick had a
massive headache feeling a lot better
today my voice is still a bit croaky but
I can get through this we can do this
together I've been for a run I've got a
shower I'm feeling fresh it's
mid-afternoon let's start the vlog
well I've just arrived I can't reach it
at the post office I can't reach the
card you may have seen in a video the
other day I showed this card to you guys
and then I was like oh no for God's sake
it was because the post office was
closed
someone will the post obvious had tried
to deliver something to my house and I
wasn't in the house so it's now at the
post office
I wanted to collect it yesterday but it
was closed it's open now so it's
mid-afternoon here so I'm gonna go
collect the item I don't know what it is
I think it's Ethernet cables okay thank
you receive the parcel I'm soaping up
then you who's going first love it to
subscribers outside the post up in about
the selfie I love absolutely love
meeting you guys you're all really
really really nice people I'm so glad
I've got like such a nice audience you
guys are absolutely brilliant and I love
all of your faces and I can't wait to
meet you with these events and stuff get
tickets because I want to meet you I
want to see your faces you are these are
these in these boxes are these they are
those modest this monitor this it's two
more of them what I don't know what to
do I need to take them home today is
very much the moment of truth this is
where we're gonna find out if we're
gonna be able to do this or not if we
are going to be able to create three of
these monitors on one desk if we can do
it if we can actually do it the
accountant European premiere please find
enclosed your tickets to the European
premiere of the accountant
this will take whoa I've got a message
from Warner Brothers pile is under
please finding close the tickets to the
accountant premiere I could just play it
cool and be all like oh yeah Warner
Brothers but
Warner Brothers thank you for the invite
guys yeah appreciate it but that's
mental I'm going to a movie premiere
it's only just dawned on me that today
is the 17th it's Monday the 17th today
these tickets have only just arrived and
there's no way I can make it down to
London in time the event starts in an
hour
oh man
there we go two monitors in the back
will monitor in the front ever
mini-cooper and I've nailed it okay
sweetie that was an amazing little
package from LG amazing surprise from
Warner Brothers sorry guys I can't make
it down really apologize I still got
this live event I think I can attend no
so I'll try and get to that I'm in
London tomorrow with Google anyway wait
a minute I should have said that now I'm
just gonna leave it in you guys should
know I'm going to London tomorrow to do
something cool with Google something
really really really cool tomorrow so
tomorrow as well it's gonna be amazing
what we're talking about tomorrow's vlog
anyway this vlog isn't even over let's
go home
it's only Rob that can chat but you're
in the vlog now guys say hi yeah this
like we're on periscope right now and
okay well oh look at we'll all look at
the setup together okay even the people
on the vlog haven't seen it yet okay and
they turn this camera around so you can
see what okay you ready for this there's
like half a thousand people in there
okay you ready
you ready look at that what the hell man
haha okay okay guys I'm going to be
perfectly honest with you I don't I
don't really know what to think to be
honest like I just I just really have
absolutely no idea well what I like is
it's overkill isn't it we're all all the
collective agreeing that this is
overkill but we're not saying that
that's a bad thing okay so bottom line
is it fits on the desk as you can see it
doesn't go over the edge of the desk it
fits on the desk
now the first major concern is Alex
where the speaker's gonna get and now I
have to - thoughts - thoughts so far one
of those being get some stands and have
them above the monitors looking in
action and make that three thoughts sow
them on some stands looking into me have
them mounted on the wall looking into me
or get different speakers those are the
only three options that I've got right
well at least we've had a look to see if
it fits which we can evidently see that
it does okay until we see the finished
project I suppose I'm just gonna have to
get my ass together and get this roof
finished but I'm in London tomorrow
I can probably record the other part of
this room on Wednesday I've got
something I need to take care of real
quick as you can see just here I am on
the Qt page for the iPhone 7 giveaway
and it's time to go ahead and pick
a winner right guys I'm gonna go ahead
and end today's vlog here I really do
hope you have enjoyed it these monitors
are super big super cool super overkill
but I think we can just about pull it
off if we all do this thing together um
but yes that's gonna be it for today's
vlog tomorrow in London we just called
the day after that I'm at a secret event
which I can't tell you guys about yet
but it's gonna be so super cool so I
can't wait to show you guys around that
um yes guys for now my name and Ikes
after there my name is Alex you guys
have been awesome stay awesome guys keep
smiling but comment down below and chris
d'elia
a light rating will be wicked and I'll
see you in tomorrow's video adios
