good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is of course Alex and I've
literally just woken up it's Sunday like
I don't even at the time is 9 9 9 40
a.m. so I'm feeling tired but I really
did just want to get up just feeling
refreshed as we're to get up and feel
refreshed and not stay in bed all day
I've just been on the phone to
Stormfront is people I bought my iPhones
from like about 2 months ago they still
said they have no idea where my iPhone 7
plus is I have no clue in the claim give
me an estimate yeah which is really
annoying I'm so tempted to cancel though
I recorded the phone call but the
microphone was muted so guys welcome to
my Sunday chill block let's take this
absolutely great atmosphere today at
Borough Stadium and take I'm just joking
football today yeah it's a bit great
it's raining and I need a coat now
unfortunately as you guys know I'm not
allowed to take my camera into the
stadium because last time I did that I
got severely told off so I'll try get
some shots on my phone
turn on that right the Sun is going down
let's watch it together on this on the
on let's just time-lapse this quickly
I'm gonna be honest with you guys not
very often I complain about anything but
I'm I feel really bad but I feel really
ill I feel really rundown and usually
after I tell myself Alex just get on
with it
just get on with it it's like me like
life gives you lemons make lemonade mate
all day long but I genuinely feel awful
today like I've got a migraine I feel a
little bit sick and I just feel crap
like I just feel really bad and I say I
don't usually complain but today it's
really getting to me like really really
getting to be getting to me that much
I'm needing to mention it to you guys
cuz I might not see myself it's not
because I'm not being myself just
because I feel really really really
rundown
so just bear with me it's the Sunday
vlog anyway so we used to have a chill
dog on a Sunday okay hey guys I had a
good Sunday anyway today what have I
done I've been well pretty much all the
way to Middlesbrough to watch the
football you guys know I'm not a massive
football fan I support middles because
my family come from Middlesbrough we
lost we lost 0-1 today
yeah man 1 nil to Watford we played
absolutely terrible
so was that as well brilliant okay so
the reason the reason I've slimmed my
bike onto the table today oh god I just
feel so bad
the reason I've slimmed my bag onto the
table today is because I want to talk to
you guys about how I make these these
vlogs how I do this how I do this
because like every other comment on my
videos or at least at least like once on
every video I should really say I see a
comment that says Alex how are you doing
the vlogs everyday what is your system
for doing this every single day of your
life ever every day of your life and
I've just been so busy we've been so
busy on this vlog I've never had a
chance to talk about it and when I was
in the car on the way back I thought
right I've got on my vlogging gear in a
bag and why not talk about it when I get
home on the chill of locks
and considering I'm not very well and I
don't really want to move I thought
would chat about what's what's in here
you know what you can tell when I'm not
very well looks I've just I've worked I
worked out the shorts obviously guys I'm
not joking to you how I don't feel good
I really don't feel good man okay let's
talk about this so of course all of you
guys know about my vlogging rig it's a
Gorillapod is a camera with the lens
this autofocus is it's super wide lens
and I've got a microphone on the top so
it can pick up my voice really clearly
that's my vlogging camera we're not
talking about that we're talking about
how I put the videos together and the
equipment I do to make the videos and
get them uploaded and stuff because you
know when you you know you click on a
YouTube video right and you watch it for
seven minutes or 10 minutes or three
minutes or however long that video is
and you watch it and you get an opinion
of that video and then you leave that
video no one really thinks about how
hard that video was to make bear in mind
that videos need to be shot they need to
be imported onto a computer they need to
then be edited they need to then be
uploaded and uploading requires a solid
internet connection if you're loading an
HD and then there needs to be a
thumbnail and they need to title the
video and all of this takes resources so
this is why I've created in my opinion
my perfect vlogging setup bag right and
this is it okay so I'm going to take
this down here and I think I think I'm
gonna go over this with you guys in POV
so guys I have taken this bag down to
the pretty much bare minimum of what I
think I need so let's just get straight
into this and I'm looking I'm going to
do this with no cuts we'll just go
through this bag together because this
is exactly what I have and what I take
round to do all of my videos so in this
pocket here this is the brand new
addition to the bag we've got a USB
type-c cable a GoPro a GoPro a spare
GoPro
every sticky mount and obviously the
brand-new GoPro Hero 5 which is in here
somewhere here it is the brand new Hero
5 camera absolutely love this little
device you guys have seen it in the vlog
and you've all said that you absolutely
loved it which it's made my day because
I bought it and I thought I don't know
if you guys are actually like this thing
or not but you guys seem to like it for
some extra cool shots so that is that
and this is the new pocket to the bag so
that's all that's in there going over to
the other side of the bag here and we've
actually got a in here what we have what
we have in here we've got um this is
like a little bit of a backup we've got
one spare battery to this camera to
spare batteries with this camera and
then a spare memory card just in case
anything happens to the memory card or
batteries but currently in my camera
which is that taken care of
and if we open this up here in here this
is the last resort thing really but this
is a USB 3 memory card reader that I
haven't even never taken us out of here
actually there you go just a memory card
reader that I keep in the bag I haven't
even opened it yet it's just in case the
memory card reader on my Mac somehow
fails and so then I've got you know a
spare one I can plug in me with USB or
whatever and then in here we open this
bad boy up we've got my Bose QC 35
headphones these are absolutely amazing
and if for some reason I can't wear
those headphones maybe maybe they're in
here maybe they are here okay where are
they here they are I've got the Bose in
ear headphones okay that time
everything's tangled up this is my
little makeshift bag guys it's not like
all proper um but those are my two sets
of headphones they're great for
monitoring sound and these vlogs and
things and then diving deeper into this
bag I've got a lightning cable in case I
do any shooting on my phone which I did
today at the football ground so I can
transfer that to the laptop I've got the
anchor a twenty thousand milliamp USB C
powered battery backup bank
and that charges the GoPro this camera
my phones the headphones everything
pretty much as I've got a USB micro USB
cable there to get things all charged up
and then here this is where things get a
little bit interesting this is the this
is one of the major things I need to do
these vlogs and this is a little thing
you power it on and it gives out a Wi-Fi
signal and it picks up 4G and that
enables me to connect to the Internet to
get my vlogs uploaded as you can see it
has the password on there so if any of
you guys around me you can steal my
Wi-Fi if you want that's how I get these
blogs up when I'm outside of the house
and there are Wi-Fi that's how I do it
and then this if I'm staying somewhere
that has a really poor reception area
this thing is an external antenna that
you can suction cup onto a window right
plug it into that and it picks up like a
stronger 4G signal if in case you like
in a dead zone or something that is what
that is I'm sure I've got something in
here as well keep forgetting as I said I
don't use all of this stuff like all the
time but most time I've got Wi-Fi so I
don't need to use this but this is just
on all the stuff that I need to use in
here I've got some hard drives this is
my one with all of my Australian or
sorry Australia and New Zealand footage
on it and then this is my scratch drive
for editing because as you guys know
I've complained about the Mac storage
before I need a an extra hard drive
that's like a 256 gig SSD to edit the
videos on and then that's pretty much it
in the back of the bargain its in its er
its little pouch here and there's 100 of
I can't do it guys there we go I've got
my slick wrapped MacBook Pro 15 inch the
reason I got the 15 inch II just because
and bigger screen so I can make sure
that everything is in focus and cut with
the right time and the battery life is
great on it and it renders videos really
fast and it just gets the job done and I
just things with these daily vlogs on
all of this technology that I've got out
here it's just like as simple as it can
be and it just works and I don't have
time doing this dislike these videos
every single day for something not to
work so there you go like the other day
I think my vlog was like half an hour
late I think about it at half past 6 the
reason was because I'd ran out of
storage space on my macbook
Pro because I didn't take this this hard
drive with me so I was trying to do it
all off the Mac hard drive ran out of
space on it couldn't render the vlog out
I was stressing out and you guys are
stressing out and I suppose the vlog and
uploaded it you guys I likes the vlogs
later and as like guys there's nothing I
can do but this this is pretty much if
I'm going traveling or going anywhere
right this is what I use to edit the
vlogs and it's really interesting but in
the end of the day that's what YouTube
is that's what media is you go and watch
a video you go and look at some media it
impacts you in the way that it impacts
you and then you leave you shouldn't
have to think about the equipment
involved but sometimes for me anyway I
find it really interesting to see
actually what goes in on the background
of the videos and this guy's is the
background of my daily vlogs
ginger ginger Domino's cluck ha hello
Mike
brilliant coming my cheers this is my
computer mate you got RK suite Toby and
I have just had a massive League of
Legends session right guys it's like 2
o'clock in in the morning right now it's
like 2:00 in the morning
I've eat a lot of pizza I've chilled out
with Toby we've had a good chat we'll
play some League of Legends I'm feeling
a little bit better but I'm also quite
tired but obviously this video has been
kind of about the gear that I use to
shoot these videos but what I thought it
will be really cool to do is to set up a
QT page so I'll put that in the
description and in the comment section
down below and I want you guys to go on
the Qt page and tell me like your
favorite gear for making videos well if
you guys have any recommendations or any
equipment that you guys used to make
videos or your favorite equipment I want
you to go and put it on the Qt page down
below and I'll try and reply to you guys
and I want you guys to talk to
yourselves on there talks with the
people on there applied to what other
people are saying on the Qt page about
the gear for making YouTube videos and I
want to be interactive and I want you
guys to get to know each other and
become friends and that's what I want to
do a Nanna become friends you guys and
chat to you about the equipment that you
guys are using and we can share tips and
stuff so if you guys want to learn like
about YouTube gear and see what other
people are using go on the key page
below in the description and type tell
me tell me what you guys are doing for
equipment as far as YouTube is concerned
and just start some general youtube
equipment discussion in the comment
section down below but I want to
apologize have been really ill guys as
nothing I can really do about it
hopefully I'm feeling better too for
tomorrow but I'm gonna go get some sleep
now
Toby's gone after the spare room so I'm
gonna go in to get into bed myself and
try and get ready and better for
tomorrow's vlog but yes guys going the
good starts and discussions on the Qt
page down below and I'll learn guys I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog I love you
and thank you for putting up with my
their thickness does that even make
sense
I'm guys I'm dying glitch I'm dying
anyway guys the lights going off my eyes
when I likes you guys have been awesome
stay awesome keep smiling and I'll keep
ya my god I'm so dead I can't do this
and I'll see you in my next video adios
huh
