saturday 8:30 p.m. to 2 p.m. now good
morning guys how we all doing my name is
of course Alex and welcome back to
another daily video I don't really like
these glasses and I wear them she's just
going through a red light super hot
the light is red hence why I'm stopped
hence where everyone else is stopping
she's went straight through it
so lovely day today outside lovely day
well look at the man yes whatever the
state of the weather it always plays on
my mood
it was great dark and horrible makes me
sad and a face something like that I
just love it like it's just so like life
is nicer Alex we are circle studio eg
Channel I think I've been invited some
sort of live VIP scene oh yeah please
RSVP today you can bring a plus-one with
you well my plus one is my camera you
guys simply there's something a shirt
and they've also sent me a rode videomic
me put my phone wait a minute
it has a big dead cap and that's the
microphone apparently think it'll work
with this camera oh my god let's give it
a go I don't think it works in cameras
ok I'm using this microphone now it's
plugged into my phone and it's
apparently recording so let me know what
the quality of this little thing is like
not that I'm ever really gonna use it or
anything I mean it has a dead cat it
could come in handy in some certain
situations I don't know
what is that for I don't know it doesn't
work with my camera but it works on my
phone and apparently which is sick is
that what you ladies - I mean thanks
guys I'll try and make it down to your
bed
I'm not sure if I'll be able to make it
down or not but I will try my best but a
few events coming up in the next few
like weeks but on a bet next week which
is so secret and quite tell you guys
about it but I'm gonna have to blog it
on the day but you guys won't know until
the day after cuz I'm just not allowed
to tell you like so secret but it's
really cool it's in London's amazing
I think I'm bringing me with me as well
which is sick lose wear look great
before I pray why is this guys what is
this what is this box okay I'm not gonna
open that yet just because I'm not a
hundred percent sure why it's been sent
to me so I'm not gonna open it yet
sweetie that's those two boxes on box
now I've got something extra special
needs to do
PlayStation a few weeks ago well they
sent me the PlayStation VR didn't they
as you guys have seen that thing and I
think underneath here underneath this
little book there's actually two
PlayStation cards with two special games
on them for VR or need to redeem those
games on the PlayStation for the reason
of the notes straight away is because
you guys know someone was borrowing my
ps4 I've now got my ps4 back as you can
see it's got the slick rap on it it is
all a leather absolutely gorgeous
literally this is the best VR experience
I've ever had in my life ever sweetie
I've gone ahead and typed in all of the
codes this is the last code here three
games to downloads I'm going to go
and download those or the the our system
as you can see we've got nine items
redeemed that's nine PlayStation VR
games we can play on stream which is
absolutely wicked ah man's game so cool
once we turn this room into our live
streaming rig like I have the tower it's
gonna be cool man cannot wait to do that
cannot wait and now I've got the
rebuilding we're already doing the
ultimate set up series going on and that
is totally cool and I'm so stoked for
that but like that's redoing something
that's already been there like the
septum that they're doing the live
streaming rig is gonna be so totally
brand new and that's what I like about
it the only problem is how the hell am I
gonna fit a sofa through that door right
I'm getting out the office I'm gonna
spend some time outside and this and
while it's here no see you guys chill
it's just broke man okay we had a nice
sunset right we had a nice sunset I came
back in was gonna take the drone out the
battery won't won't it just won't charge
like you plug it in it flashes saying
it's charging and then the flashing just
stops and it doesn't charge I've been
trying to mess about with it for the
last 45 minutes and but absolutely
nothing out of it but it's almost dark
now no it's not it's not dark yet still
talking at the thing to charge guys it
just had the most amazing time honestly
bar flying the drone and they want to go
and fly that today unfortunately now I
don't have my drone license yet that
doesn't stop me flying personally it
just means I can't put things on YouTube
but I've just been really happy because
I've just been I've just been well I'm
just going on snapchat with you guys if
you don't if you don't have me on
snapchat I highly recommend you do add
me that is most nut shot right there
it's also in the description it's just
called Marcy snaps ma RZ is na PS Marcy
snaps oh it's been put a lot of snapchat
stories on Chan to you guys and like so
many of you got my messaging you not all
my columns made
my day and all of Danny's likes spend a
second - let's send you a message like
I'm going to try and do that more often
guys so if you want me to be on snapchat
and do it make sure you add me and you
can see my little snap child date and I
do all the filters and random stuff
since stuff like that
so you can come and tell me on snapchat
you won who said I laugh really and have
a good time on there it's just a bit
like letting more laid-back his name we
can just chill and sweet guys I've
ordered some pro lighting while not pro
it's kind of pro lighting a lot of -
lights so when we're like living at home
and I know we're gonna do the live
German rig in the office but that's
gonna be a while till we get that done
and I want to start streaming before
then so we're gonna stream at home to
start with I'm gonna have two lights one
there and then one one there and I can
just flick them on with a switch before
I start live streaming and we'll
implement all that in like these the
next setup that we do when we redo all
this on the main channel nobody that's
nowhere near to be done yet because we
still need to sort all this out I'm
probably gonna start recording that on
Monday but anyway guys I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog here I really
hope you've enjoyed it
my name's Ben Alex you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in tomorrow's
video adios
