pumping arms and so long truth be told I
need to spend a longer sessions in the
gym short sessions are even not good for
you it's been here a long time a nice
little thing I need to work on good
morning guys hour then it's not morning
Oh No okay I told a fib it's not morning
it's actually the afternoon
damn okay Alex Wyse aren't you vlogging
the afternoon what's going on well let
me explain in yesterday's video at the
end of it I said I'm gonna struggle to
vlog tomorrow meaning today for you guys
because I've got a good friend of mine
coming round in the morning meaning this
morning to help me with all of my
networking equipment which he has come
he has gone everything is all set up but
that is why I haven't blogged this
morning because I've been take try
taking so much information it's been
less like I've been in like a uni
lecture this morning up and sat here
about the guy stood here and I've been
listening and taking notes down like ah
he's been incredible but you guys know
how fascinating I find I find networking
stuff this room is a mess
so yes all of this has now been created
all of this mess because we've been
messing about and playing and stuff this
was my old Reuter which gave my house
Internet that thing there that looks
like a massive spider and then this up
here as well now I've got two smaller
rooters and a big mess of cables but all
this now works and this is really cool
you guys know fiber-optic you must know
fiber-optic you know when you know you
know when you say you're getting really
fast internet and it's like fiber optic
internet this is actually fiber optic
cable like this is genuinely like fiber
optic cable that's what it looks like so
yes all that I sorted my internet is now
sorted if you guys don't know what I'm
doing for the last like a few days I've
been a like a massive networking upgrade
for those of you that aren't internet
working or anything
I've been upgrading all my network and
someone helping me do it this morning
and like I'm not just upgrading it a
little bit I'm upgrading it like fairly
majorly as you can see with like fiber
and stuff it hasn't been easy I've
enjoyed it but it's been worth it there
you go
so at some point today I am gonna have
to come and try and sort all of this out
God but the bottom line is is all
working
coming to the office scheduled the tech
flow video for tonight at 7:30 there's
two videos going up tonight which is the
tech flow video are nominally the vlog
I'm talking about yesterday not today
I'm not hundred percent sure just yet
when I'm going to be releasing part one
of the redoing the ultimate set up at
home hope you that I'll be seeing guys
let me know when you want it in the
comments down below or on twitter my
twitter is at mars bar gaming so let me
just sit down for a second
well some stuff to talk about some stuff
for me to announce very happy to
announce some stuff very very very happy
so you can I liked what you announced
inmate what you announcing was what's
what you announcing and pretty much all
right okay
this is cool but really cool right ah
I'm gonna be attending both insomnia
right and the sidemen upload events I've
been announced on both platforms on in
somebody's platform and on upload events
platform on that Twitter's and social
medias I'm going guys I'm going to the
events that will come to an event in
ages I'd love to meet all of you
I'd absolutely love to so if you guys
want to get tickets to the sidemen event
its links me google upload event SD MN
and then it's the first link it's the
Eventbrite link and then you can go
ahead and buy tickets you should say
just there and then as far as insomnia
is concerned I'm gonna be there all
three days so you want about tickets to
insomnia just go to insomnia gaming
festival calm click on buy tickets you
can buy you tickets
the reason I've shown you that is
because nine times out of ten I'll tell
you guys guys I'm gonna put a link in
the description and I'll just always
forget to do it we'll just nature of
Alex Brooks in it earlier than the day
you should always forget but guys who
actually make my day to meet some of you
guys in person so that is why I'm so
slight stoked about this and so excited
and so happy that this has all gone
through two events to meet you guys at
now you guys go and bought you tickets
I'd love to meet your faces and give you
a kiss and probably not that pretty bit
bad Oh big way up my chest there you
guys now know that I'm going to these
like Tings and it's gonna be so fun and
I literally can't wait
literally can't wait brilliant right
it's getting really dark now complained
about this in yesterday's vlog hate the
bad weather hate it hate it hate it
right guys I need to leave the office
now just pretty much came to get that
done took a bit longer than I expected
all you have to do is upload a tech flow
video and put all the title and stuff on
it but I've been here about half an hour
so you guys I can't wait to see your
faces at the event guys gonna be awesome
obviously you guys have seen my face
before then I'm gonna be vlogging every
day from now up until the events on the
event and after the events but if you
guys want to be in my blog so obviously
be vlogging at the events then come down
please don't get dark it's gonna get
dark like it right I haven't seen my
grandma in a while
so I'm gonna go round and see her bye
bye office memo have been laughing at
other day video well my mom was in one
of my videos like ages ago I went to her
house to do other stuff and one was
looking at the YouTube comments on my
video and all of you guys were calling
her a MILF sake you're a MILF I'll put
in the blog sweet all back home now need
to tie to this place up there's
networking equipment everywhere
gorillapod is starting to fail on me
okay the home network is looking a lot
better right now I've tied everything
together so these this black cable here
is the one that goes up to the roof this
would've cables here is one well
ethernet cables that go to all my
devices here and some of the devices I
have in the loft and then these three
great ones here
that are tied together they go off into
other rooms of the house one of them
goes to the master bedroom one of them
goes to the living room and one of them
goes into the kitchen home network
complete just a little bit messy but as
I said we'll sort out in part two of
rebuilding the ultimate setup Wow I'm so
tired man so tired guys by the way I
think I've got an iPhone to give away
tomorrow like I've already done the
giveaway right byte pick a winner
tomorrow so but that too announced or so
much Sony announcements man anyway guys
I've had a such a long day today so I'm
gonna go ahead and get some rest really
hope you've enjoyed today's little vlog
looking around what I've done with my
day
today but for now - Ben Alex you guys
have been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling we'll give away an iPhone
tomorrow and I'll see you in tomorrow's
video adios
