yes it's still here I lost it
good stuff will you leave that with me
mate and I'll see you on Sunday morning
guys how you doing
my name is of course Alex and I've had
the GoPro on the front of my car all the
way back from Cloris and as you can see
it didn't fall off it's in one piece and
it still have a battery and it recorded
the whole journey and recorded the whole
journey in 2.7 K resolution it's like a
half an hour journey so it's definitely
on the battery life things better than
the hero crawl I have a feeling some of
these parcels are all mine Bert's gonna
quickly hit up the gym get in the shower
and then I'll be back with you guys so
you just add a shower after a little bit
of a gym session only a very short
wonder how much time today and indulge
Inge on some chicken drumsticks but
first this is just some networking gear
that I've ordered big on Ethernet cable
Ethernet termination ends more Ethernet
cables and an SFP port
cool I don't know about you guys but
like this is starting to be a bit of an
issue right now okay before you tell me
I've got a gopher on my head yes I do
realize that what I'm getting at is the
weather it's just not good as it likes
summer's gone now and it gets dark about
half-past six and it's like no time in
the day unless you get up at a
reasonable time which I just don't do
and getting up earlier right got work to
do
and so yeah I need to go and install
something on my roof hence why I've got
this GoPro on so I can take you guys
through the process and Jed is gonna go
shoot some b-roll for a set play video
top five taken in there knocked off I
take top two items are taking the car or
something like that we're not very
professional to fly we just started
going flow jet flow
it's a good view from that yeah it's
sick three guys got back down from the
roof took the GoPro off my head the
cable from the device that I have let
you distort on the roof is this black
one here comes down into the switch now
I'm slightly concerned about tomorrow
because I've got a man coming round of a
special man and he's gonna be with me
for most of the day helping me get my
head around all of this networking
terminology it's gonna be teaching me
it's gonna be pretty much mentoring me
and teaching me I'll load a networking
stuff I'm not sure what I'm gonna find
time to vlog but as usual I still will
find time to vlog right give me a second
to explain something I know a lot of you
gotta go mental but I've never tried
heal before may dammit
oh very nice have you put Bernardo in
this ya know what it's quite nice as I
told you guys dark nights are horrible
it's half hour seven right now and it's
pitch black we've got like a whole whole
Christmas of this season just look she's
not nice right I usually like to do a
nice little cinematic shot of me opening
this new door handle but I don't want to
be honest I'm gonna be honest with you
this is just me arriving at the office
like a normal human being and that's how
the door opens sweet so I now have my
PlayStation 4 back so I can actually get
rid of this ps4 and we can actually
start playing the games that are in this
special thing here
there we go hello and welcome to the
show my name is Alex and this is tech
flow
hmm I recently gave the cow forgot the
code forgot it oh yes oh yeah sex my
foods here so we titled up all of the
Playstations the a stuff that was all
over my desk put it all up there
actually got back right now the Mars bar
branded ps4 we've got up here swore back
wasn't girls so I am just setting up
well my old ps4 to make sure it works
with the VR you know the VR headset and
I'm initializing the old ps4 getting rid
of all my user data because I don't want
my account on the ps4 that I've got to
get back to all gat oh hey looks like my
playstation is back up and running again
sweet
looks like the tech flow video is all
edited to office look in swagalicious we
also have pizza it's been a good
productive evening
um well day all-in-all brilliant so you
guys back home this room is an absolute
monstrosity like we saw it all of this
out and now now it's just like the floor
just ruins it so I do want to go ahead
and apologize for the mess I'm gonna get
this cleaned up but the thing is I've
got someone coming round tomorrow I've
got someone coming round tomorrow to
help me sort out all of my networking
gear and teach me loads of stuff so this
is where this is what I'm gonna find
things a little bit hard too hard to do
tomorrow I don't know I'm gonna do like
I've got so much stuff on tomorrow like
I've got my friend coming around to help
me sort all of this networking gear out
and that's gonna take all day and I've
got just some admin stuff I need to do
and I don't know if I'm gonna get time
to vlog is what I'm trying to what I'm
trying to say but I will find time to
vlog because I always manage to find
time to vlog somehow I don't know how I
just always do always do with that being
said I
I think announcing something tomorrow
which is absolutely wicked and I'm
stoked for it but I've got to wait till
tomorrow to announce X and not sure if
it's happening yet but if it does happen
that is amazing can tell you guys yeah
I'll announce in tomorrow's video
hopefully tomorrow's video will be
called the announcement but nevertheless
this has been a very very very
productive day I've got lots of stuff
done filmed another YouTube video tech
flow video making so much content but
it's got some website absolutely love it
and love you guys so much thank you so
much for all the support on other videos
recently absolutely loving it you guys
seem to be enjoying it too which is
great and you guys seem to be loving the
cool GoPro shots as well which is
absolutely awesome I'm so happy you guys
are liking knows that variant bringing
an app to the vlog I think a lot of
people are realizing that it's actually
a really really cool camera and it can
be implemented into like YouTube videos
and stuff logs and things and I think
you can get really cool shots with them
which is which is what you want Apple TV
remote don't know why that's saving up
there but anyway guys I'm gonna end in
today's vlog here already I hope you've
enjoyed it
so now minds Mellie you guys build some
guys smiling
