right guys I'm not gonna lie to you I'm
actually a little bit nervous
please nervous because it's a 12:20 in
the afternoon right now on on Saturday
and at 1:00 p.m.
I've got my first ever PT personal
training session now I'm not nervous
because this is my first ever PT session
well maybe a little bit I'm more nervous
because I have my friend Barney over
last night and we went to the pub and we
probably had one too many drinks if
you're having a PT session the following
day so I'm just gonna have says no but
guys I'm just gonna have it to suck it
and see welcome to the vlog
Oh Oh it's very easy to say that my
entire body
maybe my thighs really really really
hurt that was difficult so I'm gonna
keep going back guys and for these PT
sessions and then I'm also going to join
Cross Fit which CrossFit is like
intensive workout and they do classes
throughout the day the first one is 6:00
a.m. so I'm gonna try to go to them
every other day honestly guys I'm taking
this whole fitness thing so seriously in
2018 I'm not a thing for New Year's
resolutions but in 2018 fitness is one
of my goals that I want to smash so guys
in today's video I want to tell you and
taught you guys through my 2018 business
plan this this is some serious gear
we're talking about right now
couple years ago I sat in this very
chair and I talked you through my
business plan for that year which was I
just bought on to the Qt team and I'm
still a part of QT and it's still a
growing growing social media platform I
own some of it like physically owned
some of QT which is say anyway that was
the year before last 2018 Alex what's
your business plan well let me tell you
new things which hold a good business
plan together the first one the main one
is the idea and the second part of that
is building upon the idea and making it
sustainable and keeping it going right
I'm building on an idea that I already
have and that is already out there in
the public in practice and that is my
wireless plan guys this over here is a
city or a town right and this gets a
tick because it has fiber internet right
it has really fast fast internet speeds
right now over here this is where I live
down an old rickety road far away from
the city of town a small village in the
middle of nowhere right here we get X
because the Internet is so slow it's
unreal it's like mine and usable and
then down here we've got another small
village which again is a long way away
from the city or town and again the
internet in this town is rubbish - now
my plan which I told you guys I already
have is what I do is I pay someone in
the city but our antenna on top of a big
building which then sends internet
wirelessly over to my house and I have
an antenna on my house which receives
the signal right now what I've been
doing for the last year which is good is
then putting another antenna on my house
and then selling the wireless internet
to my neighbor to neighbor one to
neighbor to to neighbor three and making
money off of doing them and I've been
doing this all year and I'm kind of good
in it like I'm really good at it I have
very very very now guys here's the plan
there's a house upon a hill near this
other small village that doesn't have
good internet right so what I'm gonna do
is then be wirelessly again from my
house
all the way down to this house and then
put another antenna on this house and
then
the whole of this village with my
internet I can pull if I can pull this
off we are in the money but I need the
equipment
oh don't like this at all
some because I'm I'm scared or anything
it's just because this is seller isn't
it it's just a bit weird it's just
underground in a bit these these are the
air fibers these are very very expensive
and I bought them about half a year ago
this is gonna go on my house and the
second one it's gonna go on that house
and the reason I need these massive
radios is because there's going to be a
lot of traffic a lot of traffic going
over this here link these radios will
literally act as an unlimited length
Ethernet cable to grow bigger this this
is what I do for a job
and this this camera and these YouTube
videos this is my hobby and I love it I
love making videos I need to get these
radios out to the car but before that
there's there's two fans at the gate and
whenever you guys are there I just have
to go and see you because you just put a
massive massive smile on my face
but that happens a lot there's so many
people that you stand outside my office
went for a photo and a lot of people
like oh I hate doing this I don't like I
feel like I'm taking away from what guys
I love meeting every single one of you
it happens so often like I don't video
it all the time but it happens so often
around my hometown and I love it
those two lads will lovely two chapter
and it also said that they're bought
some of the merch so guys thank you but
it's my business plan for 2018 I want to
take over this whole other village and
then maybe even some more villages and I
get a lot of you guys saying Alex I want
to do this - how do I do it you need to
know that you have a target market
available do people around you have bad
internet can you get good internet you
can go for it - I did and people
absolutely love it they literally throw
money at you because everybody wants
good internet to watch my as well vlogs
obviously
something really bad just happened I've
got the radios downstairs I came up here
tried to take off my jumper and swim and
sweet brighter than guys as you probably
saw my friend Barney helped me bring the
radios into my house he's gonna be
staying at mine tonight he just
downstairs getting some drinks ready I
haven't seen my friend Barney I had his
proper good catch up with him just like
one-on-one for the like the last two
years he's like my best friend he
traveled Australia and New Zealand and
loads of places and he was just gone out
of my life and but Bert end the video by
plugging the merge guys if you haven't
come to merge a link in the bio 5% off
guys throughout January to go ahead and
cop that use code January 5 but for now
guys - but Alex you guys have been
awesome I hope you like my plan today
and if you feel like it's flawed tell me
how in the comments down below but I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's daily vlog
guys adios
