anyone uses dope ever after you know
and there's really hope the quality
target
I'll say a the quality is fine
hello
good morning guys how we all doing my
name is Alex I walk about to another
video
each station is just way too big I don't
know where I'm going I'm trying to make
it home from Manchester and I'm lost
again I'm not gonna lie this GoPro it's
really cool and I really think we can
actually use it all these blogs like a
little bit more like it is just
hopefully the qualities but I haven't
even edited yesterday's video yeah I
thought it recording over there
hopefully we can use it more in the
blogs and stuff hopefully the quality's
good let me know guys let me know I'm
just waiting for my train now together
finally I've made it back home in two
Goods old Newark from Manchester took
about two hours on the train managed to
get its today's vlog edited and uploaded
and I got over to 4G so now what am i
doing if I may ask well I'm walking down
this god-awful street in the rain and
it's just gorgeous
I asked jet to come and pick me up from
the train station he actually said that
he wanted Road Curry's is that it picked
me up from the train station so I said
all right there mate okay I'll walk to
Korea to meet you there so that's that's
sort of doing now oh yeah hope
jettisoning I really don't know what's
going on I don't know what I said to me
I think he's meeting me in here see that
just just just they've got that guy just
there yeah I'm pretty sure I said it's
the first time a bit of a coward is a
natural habitat this is the demo idea
when I went to demo it in London
you have to say poke extremely close to
my vehicle back let's go back a little
parcels interesting this is all the
networking stuff bar boarded by an EDX
SFPD and a power cable device okay that
is my light being sector antenna to
broadcast and Wi-Fi you guys don't want
to say it but a client install foreign
some in-house Wi-Fi so there's a
wireless access point one wireless
access point and house I'm doing is as
these two wireless access points and
then there is the router that I've
ordered for their house Rooter oh my god
loads Moscow so hard to explain to you
guys what I'm trying to do with my life
China this is how I can implement the
GoPro into the vlogs I can just walk
into a room and just say GoPro start
recording and there you go so now you
have literally a seconds perspective of
how I'm vlogging right here you can
probably see Jed except in both cameras
now we're just chillin we didn't we
didn't manage to film the tech flow
video today we're gonna do it tomorrow
every scheduled that because we weren't
feeling it were we rule number one of
YouTube right is if you're not feeling
up to making a video you don't feel like
you want to make a video you don't feel
like you're gonna have to put on drip
snap in don't do it wait until you get
to a day where you think right today I'm
gonna make a video and just go for it
and give it your all and if you don't
think on a certain day that you can give
it your all don't do it just put it
aside try and do it a different day and
you're feeling like you want to make
and that is key to YouTube anyway let me
update you on all of the stuff I've been
buying for my little well I'm just
playing about at the moment so I've got
this device here the lights come on
there we go this is plugged into let's
just say the internet right and then
this big like satellite dish here is is
connected is connected to that and then
if you look over onto my laptop as you
can see we've got a speed test open and
that is what is the connection running
over like this link right here so as you
can see if I just click on YouTube right
now that link right there all that is
running over this wireless thing here so
the idea is that goes on top of my house
that gives us a top of someone else's
house and that's how it works for those
of you that wanted explanation for that
and then obviously I do wireless
installs as well so these are the access
points that I'm going to be installing
into people's houses to give them Wi-Fi
and
and other than that there's not really
much more I can explain
go dude is that your Halloween outfit
yeah but you're absolutely mental mate
you're gonna scare so many people you
can try get some candy or something yeah
when is it like next Monday when it's
Halloween you know your outfit
well that's dedication in my book that
Factory but what is it Halloween you
have to dress up to go to that chocolate
factory yeah is it cabbage world yeah I
wish I was going so guys let me know in
the comment section down below whether
you want me to use the GoPro in the
videos the cars well obviously it's in
my best interest to make sure that you
guys are happy with the video and audio
quality and uh something doesn't go to
plan then I need to improve that so guys
let me know if you think this camera is
good for these videos or not please let
me know I suppose the main reason I did
buy it was so that we can put it in the
new car when we get it and I cannot do
more more car vlogs and talking in the
car with you guys and stuff which is
absolutely awesome because at the end of
the day of vlogging is a very very
widely known thing some vloggers out
there just like let's take a say for
example syndicate project just like vlog
and it'll play music with it some
vloggers put music with it some vloggers
like do extra things I do time lapses
and some vloggers do actually things
like your town house is in slow motion
and different things like that and it's
just trying to try to bridge that
connection of individuality if we can
have something that we do in these vlogs
which is cool and fun and it's like a
recurring thing and that GoPro in the
car is one of them then that's amazing
that's exact all I want for you guys
exactly what I want for the channel
that's exactly what I want put books
well even if we do quirky things with it
like exactly what we did in the train
station this morning where I said it
open I'll started vlogging in the train
station you guys could see everything if
we do things like that with it just
quirky little things then I think it's
worth it I'd really do but you guys are
the ultimate people that need to let me
know that right so I've literally just
got back home and my good friend Clara I
think you guys have seen her in a few
older videos and she wanted me to go
round tonight because I'm senior Aegis
ashore to go and chill with her tonight
and that is exactly what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna massive rush I've just
finished a load of work gonna set up
those devices in my room for the Wi-Fi
thing I used to get run there for like
I've got 20 minutes to get there and I'm
just not gonna make it in time I'm
always letting people down
