notion at the front door okay there
wasn't there was no one actually at the
front door a bit disconcerting but check
this out I'm in Minas uni flat right and
I've installed her under a bed a nice
little router right check out how fast
it takes to upload yesterday's vlog
ready two minutes
screenshot quickly I absolutely love
this track morning guys how we were
doing my name is of course Alex and
welcome back to another daily vlog I
mean me is uni room right now she's
offered a lecture some we're doing some
really boring and I'm gonna go and do
some shopping just a few things before I
go need to put my watch on and I also
need to change the battery in this him
microphone because it's on red and if
that thing dies we're screwed
okay new battery installed I'm just on
the on Dale website which is a it's like
a shopping centre here in Manchester
they've got Apple Store they've got a
boast all have got a CX and they've got
a cruisin PC world they've also got a
games workshop with about HMV look at
everything
thank you very much dude Cheers
have a good day that's right okay I'm
here this is the arm Dale right there
we have the new GoPro Hero 5 in here and
it's so tempting
so tempting ego this is the life of
being a daily vlogger wow I really want
my GoPro the only reason I really want
it it's because when I get the new car I
can do car vlogs with it I can have it
permanently in the car and like the core
of the car you get the point if you
could really cut every cool
I've never vlogs on a GoPro before like
ever I'd love to do it man
not like replace this camera just like
for the car vlogs and stuff and if you
guys watched my New Zealand videos
you'll know that my GoPro that I have at
the moment it has a scratch on the lens
and it really gets in the way I do daily
vlogs it's a live video every new
everyday about what I do with my life if
I'm here buying a gay brown they're
buying a GoPro
thank you very much Cheers have a good
day all you guys been telling her to get
the Amazon echo I don't really know how
it would benefit me it does look cool
though I got a card with it as well just
because I needed one hey babe sorry
look at this guys I'm back what is in
here I think you guys know that yeah oh
I can't wait okay Maria is in the
kitchen cooking me food because she is
hashtag top wench so but she's made me
that as well so I'm gonna sit here for
like five minutes and be just being
myself kid with you guys and we're gonna
be we're gonna have Christmas time
together and we're gonna play with this
I also bought this I have one of these
at home already obviously didn't bring
it with me cuz I didn't think I was
gonna be buying this but I thought you
guys are gonna want to see this right
now like what it looks like so I thought
I'll buy a memory card just for you guys
cuz I love ya there we go here oh five
black look peanut swaggy obviously
you've got your waterproof housing that
well the whole thing is waterproof the
whole thing like you don't need a
housing for it that's like the the
genius thing about it look at it would
you just look at that where do you put
the memory card is it in there yes Quick
Start Guide now don't need that there is
what we need give a little push another
USBC cable for charging a wacky
uncharred real quick so at least it'll
have a little bit of power in and then
i've got to open this and it's saying
you schizos so i will do just that
okay spit on charge for literally about
30 seconds I hope it's got some power in
it let's put a little new card in oh
it's on the back of totally forgot I was
trying to look at the screen it has a
screen on the back when your GoPro is
off press the shutter button to start
recording automatically that's quite
cool
so I've down to connect other devices
and change preferences okay swipe that
way to view media right so as you can
see it's just here on the shelf it's got
like 25 percent battery left every time
I turn it on it says the battery is
really low but I've never recorded
anything with it right this again be the
first
times that see if this works ready it's
in 2.7 K at 30fps with stabilization on
ready if this works and they'll be blown
away
GoPro start recording no way this room
is really lit even the best low-light
camera on the market struggles with it
so I don't know what this little GoPro
is gonna look like it's a 2.7 k
recording at 30fps with the video
stabilization arms I hopefully it's
super smooth but yes guys I'm gonna end
today's vlog here earlier you've enjoyed
it more elaborate in-depth review coming
on the GoPro Hero 5 so and hopefully I
compared with the drone very soon as
well I haven't pair it with the drone
and get some stuff in the air once I've
got my drone license anyways I hope
you've enjoyed today's a little mini
vlog and I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog
as usual yes
