good morning guys so about that I'm
enjoying a bit of deep house recently in
a bit of German base good morning go
good morning guys how you all doing my
name is of course I like yesterday
evening I didn't show you guys in the
vlog but I actually made a thank you for
500 subscriber sorry five Jesus not a
500 subscriber 500,000 subscriber a
special video for the main channel and
honestly I had so much fun making that
video like I just really really really
enjoyed it and obviously I'm recording
the series for the main channel about
redoing the ultimate setup and I've
really enjoyed doing that again I've
really enjoyed it like really enjoyed it
and like on that channel I use a lot of
music like in German bass and dubstep a
lot of things like this
and I totally forgot on about that type
of music and now I'm getting back into
it and I'm just letting you guys know
right I just need to give all of my
equipment a little clean here because
I'm actually going away for a few days
now so that means it's gonna be no daily
vlogs for like the next two days that
was a joke that was a joke that was a
joke I'm gonna be vlogging don't worry
no I'm just getting down to Manchester
to see Mia for like two days or I don't
know I don't know many days I'm gonna go
down there for but like a one-way to
getting out of come back whenever I want
to
but yeah I need to clean all my stuff
before I pack it up and put it in a bag
sweet five fully charged batteries for
my camera can go into my bag right now
I've also got my laptop so I can edit
the vlogs for you guys and some
headphones because okay I'm really
insecure about my editing videos and I
can't edit my videos like if people
around me with the sound on so I have to
have headphones on and also does anybody
know anything about upgrading the
storage in a MacBook because my laptop
whenever I do these videos it always
says like my storage is almost full and
I delete stuff and it's so annoying if
you let me know that be great
right okay okay okay it's time to test
this thing out it's time to test this
thing now as I say I think up here I do
have a PlayStation 4 but I can use I'm
not really meant to use it Boggan is
anyway there it is come to Papa please
work please work please work yeah we're
on boom look at that now I think I am
just gonna have to look at the
instruction manual of how to get this
thing set up because I have absolutely
zero idea zero idea and plug the HDMI
cable from your ps4 and plug it into the
processor unit
right so but the PlayStation camera just
chilling on there the ps4 and the TV the
HDMI cable from the ps4 goes into this
black box and then a cable from the
black box goes up the TV you then plug
this black box into the ps4 via a micro
eight micro USB cable and then this
cable is like an extender cable thing
and then I'm assuming this plugs into
the headset and then you have to plug
this little box into the wall not the
easiest set up I did 99% of it without
the instruction manual though so let's
plug this thing in and see if it works I
just realized I don't think I have a ps4
controller okay okay okay it's all
kicking off I've found the ps4
controller the camera set up I can see
myself recording a vlog and there's the
VR right I'm going to put the headset on
now rather to put that down and then see
why usually happens with this this is
crazy
whoa whoa it's right there okay okay
battle zone wait how can I please fit
around them okay you have to use the
control whoa whoa okay okay okay this
isn't exciting for you guys but
is insane what should we do let's do
let's do battle zone whoa okay okay well
do you say okay I thought your comment
operative identity give this text to
select guys that's it
this is a map of the enemy's territory
each acciden represents a strategic said
let's go to the sequence okay let's just
do this change weapon guys you see that
you see in that
okay oh so you guys can see what I'm
looking at yo yo yo whoo that's amazing
we are definitely gonna livestream man
definitely
okay okay okay that VR is absolutely
crazy I can't wait i think in in this in
this thing I've actually got some proper
games that the PlayStation have given me
to play so I've probably played this on
a live stream I'm happy we've got it all
set up it all works this cool man this
is sick thanks for left
Cheers
okay all right I've arrived at the
Manchester Piccadilly train station over
where I meant to be going well the man
didn't even look about to get
but was it really matter but I just
really really really need a win but
really badly
genuine they don't have done this but
I've managed to walk from the train
station all the way to me as flat like
pretty much like 90 percent from my head
I've only been in Manchester like once
with her
Kimora's here leisure I'm so impressed
with that
