good morning guys how you're doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog welcome to my
Sunday Sunday today very early in the
morning and it's a it's a beautiful day
oh no look at that someone has cleaned
up all of my meth I hate it when people
do that okay pretty much what happened
is I cooked all of these panels out of
this window this is my bathroom window
up there took all these panels out of
the bathroom window kit was the easiest
way to get rid of them and they landed
here came outside this morning to clean
them up that's why I'm stood outside
right now and someone's already cleaning
them up so now I'll just feel really bad
I need to thank whoever's clean them up
I was gonna do it man I am a very very
very independent person
I hate relying on other people hate it
hate it
okay guys I've just got back from the
mini dealership
welcome to the Sunday chill vlog I need
to edit yesterday's vlog gonna do that
now and then I'll talk to you guys about
what was just happened this morning
alright guys I've just finished editing
yesterday's vlog ative vlog it's
rendering out now I'm gonna go hit the
gym have a shower get changed and then
I'll chat to you guys but what I've done
this morning and we'll go to the office
and just chat for a bit okay Sunday's
chilled long time me and you just
chilling okay let's do it
brilliant all showered up gym finished
windows steamed up today's been weather
wise it's been strange this morning it
was super nice for about two hours and
ever since then we've just had sort of
like overcast cloud it's just like
strange is not nice talking about dark
and grey yes okay what we don't like
dark and gray in is the weather but what
hopefully we do like dark and grey in is
the new mini John Cooper Works that I
bought this morning holy balls
I still can't comprehend that okay so
yes I have well I've put my order in for
the mini John Cooper Works this morning
can't wait for it to arrive apparently
the guy said it's going to take anywhere
from six to eight weeks to be made yes
it's a brand new car then you reason
it's brand new is because I wanted all
the tech on it all the tech I'd like to
max out the tech because for a car as
much as it is for me about the driving
experience it's also about the
technology inside it because I'm a nerd
and that's just me a lot like technology
and what the car can actually do from a
technology standpoint
so that's Barney's text tone so I'll
walk you guys through the what I put in
the car like that look at the equipment
I put in but first I want to address
something
killers okay the Amalekites I've seen
that say girls car
what I was after was something that was
very fun to drive go-kart like very
small because I'm a small human myself I
wanted something very fast it has 231
brake horsepower and it can top 0 to 60
and 6.1 seconds which is pretty cool ok
and here we go wait a minute on top of
that let me just let's just have a look
here ok ok we've got we've got we've got
ok ok ok
okay we've got electric sport
transmission we've got electronic
folding mirrors we've got a hinted for
heated front windscreen we've got we've
got a reversing camera we've got a
panoramic sunroof
we've got we've got we've got rearview
mirror auto dimming heated front seats
and excitement Pat the PDK which is like
their bbbbb when you're about to hit
something we've got rain sensors with
auto headlights we've got automatic
cruise control we've got air
conditioning but the on-board computer
this is where things get really cool
we've got interior LED design more on
that in a second
we've got the navigation system we've
got the driving assistant pack more on
that in a second we've got a Harman
Kardon HiFi sound system so hopefully
it's going to sound awesome and listen
to some damp tunes we've got the
heads-up display we've got the USB audio
and Bluetooth we've got the mini
connected pack XL sick ok so that screen
that entertainment unit is absolutely
wicked so it has like a hard drive built
into the car so you can go and put all
of your music onto the car you can
install apps onto the karla actually on
the car like things like Spotify and
Pandora or you can actually install them
onto the car it has a thing called mini
connected XL where you can actually plan
the routes via your phone and it will
send them to your phone as a navigation
system absolutely wicked it has a heads
up display it's got loads of put
everything on it as I say it's about I
love the tech I can't wait to show you
guys and I put right this LED system in
it and on the top of the car was
actually a little flick switch and if
you flick the switch it will toggle
through like all the different colors
and there's LEDs and the door panels are
on in the foot wells under the seats and
you can literally change the colour of
these inbuilt LEDs it's pretty
cool man it's pretty cool so guys I
can't wait for it to arrive and I can't
wait to show you guys round it I am
gonna miss my old set of wheels though I
love that car and yet when it arrives
I'll attempt to try and not kill myself
in it because it's very very very very
fast and I'm gonna be very very scared
driving it so yes well obviously I'll be
in the blog when I go and pick it up and
Oh guys it's really cool news it's
really cool news awesome news can't
believe I've finally gone through with
it
sick I've come all the way to the office
because well this is a bit annoying
really uh I'm going to Manchester
tomorrow afternoon to see Mia for a bit
and had some work crop up that I need to
do like right now Oh No Toby usually
comes tonight Toby usually I'm gonna
have to cancel on Toby a few moments
later finally finished I really want to
go ahead and open this stuff but I just
I just don't have a ps4 to like make it
work okay well I suppose I suppose we
can we can we can unbox it we we can we
can unbox this thing whoa guys look at
this it has a little pull system to stop
cool PlayStation I like it
you've got a manual got some more
manuals and we've got cables I just want
the headset where's the headset okay
we've got the demo disc here give me the
headset Liz oh wow okay that's how you
do it
whoa and then I'm assuming that this is
just like your well just bog-standard
PlayStation Move well I see I say
bog-standard like it's not Cox standard
it's just like not as special as the
actual VR stuff but you obviously need
these to play the VR obviously right
I've got these out of the box because I
assume they're gonna need charging so so
we've got some cables
here so I'll I'll just I just I just
leave those there and then that's all
there and then mr. PlayStation Move is
uncharged brilliant and then we've got
this mad thing which I think has some
like games in it that I can play so
that's cool
sweet work done PlayStation VR unboxed
mad things uncharged down there just
need a ps4 it's not really my ps4 it's
actually a ps4 from our Gutter gaming
videos purely used for like
advertisement purposes like I used to
take photos of their products for them
and like next to game consoles and they
provided the consoles for me to take the
photos again hmm you know what we'll
just use it anyway I'm currently editing
the thousand five hundred subscriber
special video for the Mars bar channel
okay I've pretty much finished this edit
now and as a treat boom there we go
okay ah brilliant going down mate Cheers
the mighty Mars in all its glory
alright guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
our chill Sunday vlog here hasn't really
been that chill I kind of bought a car
and white and a box some stuff a
Playstation and order a pizza fairly
cool day eh anyway guys my husband Alex
you guys have been awesome stay awesome
guys and keep smiling I hope all of you
are okay and I'll see you in tomorrow's
video oh yes
Oh
