good morning guys how you're doing my
name is of course I like to welcome back
to another daily blog today it's
Saturday let's take a look at the
weather it's you know just not looking
too good is it really this morning I
have been out with my friend Charles he
lives a fair while away from where I
live but he wants to come next year to
the University around where I live so
this weekend he's down where I live to
check out the University so it was it
would have been a bit of a missed
opportunity if I didn't sort of see him
or spend the morning with him so I've
been with him this morning and so yeah
all of what happened and now I'm here
Joubert what are you doing in my chair
mate you're fast asleep aren't you yeah
yeah that's what I thought
yeah sick well I've got the lodger
circle there anyway just watching the
killer to make sure you don't drive in
the water because you still have kids in
our neighborhood right guys today
actually to finish off part 1 of
rebuilding the ultimate set up because
well I'm not going to show you it pretty
much it's the same place as where we
left off last night so ok I need to go
and get some more ethernet cables I mean
he's gonna get some more cable trunking
and a few other bits but I'm not
actually gonna show that in the video on
the main channel I'm gonna do that in
this vlog right guys let's go and pick
up this equipment right now that we need
for the computer room to finish our part
1 of redoing the ultimate setup and then
oh yeah we've got to go through the
office as well and then box that cool
box that I think it's from PlayStation
they've sent me an outfit if I know what
it is I think I know what it is I think
it's absolutely wicked but guys you know
I've been doing this transition recently
where I go like this and I go like that
and it looks really cool you guys get
what I mean that one what I want to try
and do some more of them because I like
them so I might trying to experiment
with a few more transitions like what
about this one was that one cool how
about that I don't know guys I'm gonna
try and do a few more
brilliant
got me some ethernet cables
cable trunking cable tidy box guys look
it's almost done but I'm gonna get to
the office now because I want to open
that parcel from PlayStation all right
guys there you are
alright guys brilliant I'm so happy that
I've finished all of part one their
fields mats and redoing the ultimate
setup can't believe you can solve them
now and it looks awesome I'm happy with
it really happy with it and then I
totally forgot where it's coming two
boxes parcels and I'm even happier I
think it will just move you guys to like
here and then and then and then my
camera battery is so dead so but it
hooked up to this power bank so just
just ignore that for now but guys are
you ready for this
haha Oh My Jesus what's that okay I'm uh
no lies I'm just gonna leave that there
for now guys guys guys
it's it's PlayStation would you just
would you just look at that look at it
no way no way screw all of this it's all
about it's all about that there's a
Styrofoam you ready for this watch this
okay okay okay this stuff is super cool
I've got a PlayStation camera the
PlayStation Move and PlayStation VR man
this is safe Wow guys PlayStation thank
you PlayStation 4 and PlayStation camera
the quiet PlayStation camera no
PlayStation 4 I don't I've landed my ps4
to one of my friends so we can play on
it and haven't got it back yet I haven't
asked for it back yet what what's in
here know what guys I don't think you'll
see in this but this is very very very
very fancy oh the camera does pick that
up look at that how cool is that
okay I've got some PlayStation VR codes
here with some games on that I can
download ok PlayStation I have to admit
thanks for sending me the stuff this is
really cool I thought I had a hunch this
is what it would be and all my days we
can live stream this stuff we can live
stream it in VR oh my
and I know all of you guys been saying I
like she said well Murray goes to uni
gonna start live streaming yeah haven't
started live streaming i likes when are
u livestreaming I don't know guys I'm
really sorry I'm obviously like trying
to be like redoing like that the new the
new room and stuff at home and it's kind
of hard to like set up a regular
live-streaming schedule when my room is
just a mess of having up my life Jimmy
rig at home is just a mess plus I wanna
start my gym in this like me playing
this but I don't you know the ps4 cuz
I've lent it to one of my friends yeah
bro yeah yeah no no no I don't think I
don't think it's a new door mate no idea
what you doing bit of painter but it's
you're not doing painting a little bit
of touching up mate every time I come
round your house you're doing some
random stuff to your room I mean
literally Oh mate you'll like these what
only new no not now I've had them for a
while but I just I'm redoing this room
this is all new this sorry about that
guys just got back from the office that
Playstation thing is absolutely awesome
Barney's been around and he's dropped
off some of my Manfrotto gear a tripod
and also the same next issue that
they're also the sony a6300 because I
let him borrow it cause he's been using
a wedding today so I let him borrow some
of my equipment and I think he did a
good job
hopefully did a good job so thank you
Barney for returning my equipment in one
piece 18 gigabytes guys that is how big
the ultimate or redoing the ultimate
setup is part one of it it's copying
over to the computer now as you can see
it's pretty much all done and I rarely
rarely rarely can't wait to show you
guys what it looks like or how this was
done in the series episode one when it
goes live next Friday
anyways I sort of left my record player
out but I don't really ever use it
anyway so I'll see if I can put it
somewhere this side I'm not sure though
I'll try and fit it in somehow but
you're honest with you this has been
absolutely awesome doing this whole
thing I've absolutely really enjoyed
doing it again it's really late now and
I apologize that this vlog has kind of
been broken up and staggered so it's all
just planning and planning and planning
and planning and planning and it's just
draining honestly so now I'll go week's
break and planning to record part two
which is brilliant
but I've also got to edit part one which
is going to take me a few hours maybe a
day and ok guys I really hope you've
enjoyed today's daily vlog remember to
tune in tomorrow for tomorrow's daily
blog and if you're new around here be
sure to smash that subscribe button and
if you still hear a like rating notes
will be awesome but for now anyway guys
- when Alex you guys been awesome guys
stay awesome keep smiling
catch you in my next video Arya
