good morning guys how are you all doing
my name is of course I like some welcome
back to another daily vlog today guys
today is the day today is the day I've
got to figure out how I'm gonna record a
vlog and the main Channel video there's
kind of in a vlog style in the same day
so back when I used to do things like
building the ultimate setup building the
ultimate office and series is on the
main channel that was when I had to
record a vlog at the same time I used to
do it all by myself
and it was a little strange let's be
honest because it was like two videos
and they were kind of the same thing so
the message one of my friends and I'm
gonna have a cameraman follow me round
for the day I'm gonna vlog like normal
right I think but then redoing the
ultimate set up it's gonna be filmed in
kind of like a third person so it's like
you guys have stood there watching it
watching me tight kind of kind of thing
and it's gonna get some equipment quick
heads up by the way I'm actually working
on the 500,000 subscribers special video
for the main channel I told you I
haven't forgotten
that got my name on it
finally so you guys know I went to New
Zealand and for those of you that don't
know I went to New Zealand I spent a
month there about two months ago and I
got up to loads of absolutely awesome
stuff I did Oh going I jumped out of a
plane a skydive
I did bungee jumps I did loads of stuff
and I bought a harddrive
to capture the whole thing on and put
all the clips on a hard drive I bought
one of these both way around the trip
that hard drive broke right I'll send it
back to SanDisk and they've now sent me
a new one I'm hoping they've managed to
recover the data from the old one
because I want to work on and edit for
New Zealand like it just a one like four
minute video of all that tinnitus ago
operatives so hopefully this has got the
kid on as I say I hope they manage to
recover the last broken harddrive and
every put all of the data from it on
this new Drive this has come all the way
from America sweet right Betsy I'm off
to the office okay I need to get some
equipment okay cool actually wait a
minute before I go to the office and
collect like some equipment like a
tripod and some sliders and things I
could do we tidy this room up but people
make the whole process so much easier
okay sweet let's go
you know what I'm not 100% sure why
that's on my desk while my keyboard is
like that what's happened and that's
like okay this is the right
I know what this is for once this is
something absolutely awesome it's
something from Playstation you guys for
me know what it is now don't ya and now
it's not a PlayStation 4 it's something
a lot better than that but I'm super
busy today as you guys know so we'll
open this before tomorrow one thing I
can show you guys know one thing I can
open is well I told you guys if it is
some more artwork for the office right
because we're looking a bit better
especially over there I did a rhyme so
mirror my girlfriend got me this for my
birthday and you guys will be like Alex
your birthday's in the 2nd of July mate
what sort of girlfriend have you got
getting your presents that I like for
four years four months late well it's
not her fault it's not her fault it was
late she ordered it like way before my
first day but it's only just arrived
I'll explain when you open it when I
show you guys actually what it is
because it's absolutely absolutely
absolutely awesome okay let me try to
take out this little it's 200 K this is
some album artwork from an artist called
John Bell Ian and it's got his signature
on it like he signed it now the reason
it took so long to get here was because
John Bailey went on tour I believe and
couldn't sign them all so he's now
finished up tall and he's you know he's
caught up on the orders but John Bell
Ian is like my favorite artist
absolutely love his music so I think
what I'm gonna do is get a frame for
this and have it here so that is sweet
that is thanks Mia if you're watching I
really
it really really appreciate it and I'm
sure that the office appreciates it too
cuz we need to debt this place out a
little bit more guarantee for now
conveniently just store this there to
get this tripod
suite okay I've got there for them now
let's go
simple as that so as soon as we start
recording the remaking the ultimate
remaking the ultimate gaming setup this
afternoon then this vlog will turn to a
bit of behind the scenes but for now
it's still a normal blog you guys have
seen what I've done so far today he's
pretty sick and I can't wait to open
that tomorrow that's awesome right okay
they've got these things here because
well I ordered these lumps for the
office as you can see there's a blue one
that's like behind that screen that one
and then I only ordered three but for
some reason IKEA sent me five which I'm
not complaining about at all because
they didn't charge me for them so I
think what I'm gonna do is use these bad
boys for the back room for the computer
room for the server room I'm gonna have
them either side of the computer bills
what I'm gonna have to do is order some
Phillips you color changing bulbs for
these lights so they work with the
ecosystem that's already in the ultimate
setup with the Phillips you lights
behind the desk hopefully they'll do a
good job lighting us up okay well Goods
about Friday recording two videos in one
day can let a kid in the car need to go
home and start recording part one of the
new series well it's even a new series
yeah it's a new series I'm calling this
a new series rebuilding the ultimate
setup let's start this thing
check in my speech oh yeah oh I'm sorry
for my degree is it before we last
patient should be like uh me right
quarter to 12:00 p.m. mental guys all
day honestly I haven't been off camera
oh wow let me show you the progress so
far so this is the progress so far it's
looking pretty good damn sweet the table
looks like it's floating this table
looks really cool with the amp and just
you know the AppleTV chillin looks
awesome with the wood but the consoles
there is looking a lot more uniform I've
even put the skyboxes up in the loft as
well as the Sonos that's up there too so
it's not down here intruding on this but
I'm still not finished it's still not
finished episode 1 but I'll finish it
tomorrow morning I've got to go in well
take these things up paint over over
that place this wooden bit down here
with the same wooden top that this is
cable trunk all of this stuff and find
somewhere for all this stuff to go I
totally forgot actually this was in here
this was some fan art that someone made
me and it says hashtag KC style Mars bar
vlogs congratulations on two hundred
thousand subscribers we've just passed
three hundred and ten thousand
subscribers guys so thank you very much
absolutely awesome milestone thank you
thank you thank you thank you
so this is it I don't really know I'm
going to do with the cables that are
coming out of here to go to the computer
I'm probably going to use cable trunking
to sort that issue out not sure as of
yet how I'm going to do that but guys
I'm absolutely shattered honestly this
is so tiring and I'm so so so so so so
lucky well we're so lucky that we got
the sponsor to do all of this stuff
because right you're not gonna believe
this my jaw might like my jaw of fully
dropped when when I went to the counter
I bought these like wooden brackets
these two wooden tables and the two
wooden tables here a jigsaw and some
screws 250 pounds mental apps that I was
like are you taking the but I'm hoping
it's gonna be a really good video if ice
I'm pretty sure it's gonna be a pretty
good video and a full amazing series for
the main channel absolutely incredible I
can't believe we're doing this it's so
cool but as I said in yesterday's vlog
it's going to be difficult on days like
this where I'm having like a full day
trying to record for another channel as
well
as vlogging as well so you guys let me
know what you want me to do I pitched
you guys some ideas in yesterday's blog
I still obviously want to do daily vlogs
but it is really difficult when I'm
actually recording a main Channel video
so I'm not sure what to do I don't if
this vlog will be suffice for you guys
or if it's gonna be you know too short
or whatever I'm hoping it won't be but I
really do need to get some sleep now
because I'm so it's so so as it past my
bedtime
don't know guys that's been it before
today I hope you guys have had an
amazing day my day has been absolutely
amazing I've really enjoyed doing all of
this it's so tiring but not tiring in a
bad way just like draining putting
shelves up and stuff and tastes like
brainpower but yes my let's burn Alex
you guys venosum stay awesome guys keep
smiling we've got my awesome box to open
tomorrow and I'll see you in tomorrow's
video probably vlog adios guys
