good morning guys how we are doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another daily vlog I've been
invited to Google headquarters in London
this afternoon but first I've got more
important matters to take care of this
to the Tecla video so I'm just finished
up writing some notes in the work hard
anyway book for tech flow just few local
video ideas that sprung to mind right
it's a head it's a London
you're right finish this video up sweet
come on
got the whole thing to myself check this
out look at this this is sick
Wow so I'm currently on the train to
London Kings Cross I'm meeting up with
my manager and then we're gonna probably
go get some food and then I'm actually
with James from the x-factor we're going
to a recording studio and then I'm off
to Google HQ they've invited me down to
look at something special but I don't
know what it is yet I'm assuming it's
gonna be the new Google phone so we'll
see about that
there we go all arrived safely in London
now it's fine jack where's jack
finished all my food it's eight minutes
past 6:00
we were meant to be at this music studio
for like our vibes are a little bit late
but I really need some food so let's go
so we're on our way to the studio thing
now really have no idea what to expect
at all going to meet some X X Factor
ist's and possibly do some recording for
them and then after that we're off to
Google what's going on walking for an
hour from The X Factor and I hope the
Simon gets his act together and goes you
know what we need to get this guy back
telemental but over time we need to get
to Google
learn of censure what's going on by now
but I think I'm about to go on a google
train X is mental the list of where the
trains are there's a map of London and
we've got a wooden mate ship track here
the Google train all right now you ready
for this
Oh got music I'm so confused oh my god
what was that about the Google man is
what we're doing here is like well we're
making an emoji that's like not even any
major at the moment but I'll throw out
its here let's go we're gonna draw this
camera this event so far has been really
weird I've had like a strange change
Ernie I've made my own emoji which is in
my bag I don't know what I'm doing next
go go thanks for the opportunity really
appreciate it but movie is on its way I
needs a head hello Matt Alex Brooks not
bad yourself me
you mate you too well that's been a
really fun day in London amazing
alright guys I'm back home turn on all
the lights
but don't like this lamp I need to
change this so guys tomorrow is the day
we start episode one of redoing the
ultimate setup and I can't wait but
let's not get hit up on talking about
tomorrow just yet today he's been really
really really fun I've filmed a tech
flow video I've been to London I've been
with James the X X Factor guy I met up
with my manager he's a cool guy we have
some food together and then went to
Google's secret event which was pretty
cool but annoyingly busy I've got some
hands-on time with the phone though
which is absolutely awesome the Google
pixel was really cool it's a really cool
device I thought it looked a bit tacky
on the pictures that I saw online at the
keynote but it's quite a cool phone I'll
give it that
and I think I think the guys at Google
are hooking me up with one but I'm not
sure yet so don't hold me on that what
if the do hook MIT we won there's
definitely gonna be some tape flow
videos on it I promise you but the man
who helped me all we want so I don't
know yet but we'll see what the future
holds sweet guys it's almost midnight
here I'm gonna get up nice and early in
the morning so that means now I'm gonna
head to bed the reason I'm getting up
early tomorrow is because I've got a bit
of a dilemma because I've got a vlog to
record and a main channel video to
record so that's gonna be a bit of a not
really sure how I'm gonna do that so
I'll just have to tackle that tomorrow
somehow I don't want to say when there's
gonna be a main Channel video there's
not gonna be a vlog because that would
ruin the ongoing 280 days streak we've
got so far like 300 days or however many
days it is someone count it for me but I
just don't want to put out a vlog that
like sucks so what it'll probably be is
behind the scenes of the main video if
that makes sense but anyway we'll take
it as it comes tomorrow guys and just
see what we can do but for now my name's
Ben Alex you guys been awesome stay
awesome and obviously guys keep smiling
and I'll keep that but but be good if I
could speak I'll catch you in tomorrow's
video adios
oh and quickly by the way this is the
picture of my camera that the artist
drew and then he also gave me these
stickers so these are actual stickers of
that drawing it's two little tiny ones a
little medium one a big one and an even
bigger one so that's cool and I kind of
like that look at that that's this
camera that I'm using right now as a
picture but guys I'll catch you the next
video
yes
