good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex I've just
arrived at my grandma's house because
well as you can see it's just about
three o'clock in the afternoon
I usually don't start my vlog this late
but I've got a story to tell you
right Samia Barney went out last night
into town to like a normal club that you
go to and for some reason it was you it
was cheaper than it usually is to go out
but on the dance floor they had a big
foam cannon and it was covering you in
foam for you guys I'll put some things
on top of the screen on the screen right
now I tried to record to the video
but I've got absolutely drenched like in
this foam I've got videos on my phone so
I can show you but you get absolutely
drenched in this is a big cannon that
fires all this foam out and people on
the dance floor and you just get
absolutely drenched in foam and the foam
is that up to your knees on the floor
it's so strange so that's what I did
last night and that's why I've started
this blog legs I've had to drive back
from Barney's house so a kid so the
reason I'm at my grandma's this
afternoon is because I'm picking her up
and we're gonna go to the office because
we all know that the office needs are
clean so my grandma's gonna help me
we'll put what in the front this okay
looks like we have ourselves another
parcel but it's not time to open it
today because this place needs to clean
but grandma's bought the gloves around
this is gonna be a very serious
operation time lapse literally time
lapse it let's try time lapse it
brilliant all finished up cleaning the
office grandma has done an absolutely
exceptional job even painted the wall
for me with so it's not they like
footprints on it now which looks looks
so much better thanks grandma for all
clean is looking a lot better to keep it
snowy to clear up this thing this place
is looking a lot fresher and that it's
better I always tell you guys that the
work you produce is always as good it's
only as good rather as the workspace
that you produce it in so having a clean
workspace is key so grammo you're gonna
be watching the blogs making sure keep
this place tidy hopefully it doesn't get
too dusty but this thing arrived this
morning I'm assuming early this morning
it could have been yesterday but you
know exactly what we're gonna do we're
gonna open this bad boy it looks to me
like some sort of a remote-controlled
car like the same deal that we had last
time and the one that just didn't work
at all that's the Box con charger not
gonna work in England is it cable tie to
the box wasn't expecting that Buddha
pose I'll give it a quick rating 9.95
accent sick
hello mate you alright yeah you're doing
well
the TV's gone blank so got a fix got a
fixer so this is one of the things guys
that I kind of want to make a little bit
easier to have to make to make you know
to make it easier to sort this out
because my brother watches a lot of TV
downstairs and uses one of the skyboxes
which is up in my room up the top of the
shelf there sometimes the Sky box
freezes so it has to come down here and
unplug this white plug here leave it out
and then plug it back in so what I want
to try and do is make that process a
little easier and a little less clunky
because as you can see down here there's
a lot of cable mess going on so when we
redo all of this on Friday hopefully
hopefully then I can make it a little
bit easier for my little bro to make
sure it can watch his telly downstairs
there's a battery for the DJI inspire 1
right we've got some stuff to talk about
I just realized there's been no drone
footage in these videos for a while now
and people have been wondering why in
the comment section and all over Twitter
Alex where's the drone now I'm not ever
ever ever ever never gonna do drone
footage again no of course I'm gonna be
bringing the drone back hopefully very
shortly but there's just a few things
need to take care of if you like before
I can start bringing the drone back for
you guys I'm gonna get some awesome
drone shots and stuff because as you
guys know in redoing this room I have
plan for like that part of it over there
to have all the drones and stuff in so I
still am very much liking drones and I
still want to include them in these
vlogs but I need to do it properly and
the way to do it properly is for me to
be a licensed to drone pilot I've
tweeted out about this and pretty much
I'm not gonna be flying any drones in
these vlogs or on YouTube until I have
got my drones license so I can fly here
in the UK and then I can put things on
YouTube and stuff and I'm currently in
the process of doing that and it's quite
interesting so a few people that have
already done this and you will be well
aware of what you have to do for those
people that don't is quite interesting
what I'm doing is
I paid for an online training so I have
to take lots of tests there that online
and I'm kind of advising for those tests
at the moment the proper tests have to
sit down and take so I'm quickly
revising for those tests at the moment
just like a test in school at the end of
the day and if I pass those tests I can
then go and take my drone practical exam
which is where I have to take my drone
to a practical exam have to think I have
to drive about an hour and a half away
and I have to fly my drone and do things
like that and then I also have to write
a proposal which will pretty much tell
anyone that sees me flying a drone what
I've done is a checklist before I've
taken off so to make sure that you know
it's not too windy I'm not taking off
near near near near trees or you know
it's not going to be a dangerous flight
and then pretty much in a nutshell once
I've done all of those three things I'll
have my drone license I submit all my
paperwork to the government they check
it all over make sure it's okay and then
they say Alex okay for a year you've got
a drone license and every year then you
have to renew it and yada yada yada but
as soon as I get that drone license guys
I'm gonna bring the drone back to the
vlogs but I just want to make sure I'm
doing things properly okay that's why
I'm trying to do here and I just haven't
spoken about it at all
we've been so busy and this actually got
me thinking as well this is a Skype
conversation with someone who I'm not
going to name but we chat about
networking and all different bits and
bobs like that and the person who's a
Skype conversation this is with he also
watched my videos oh hello mate I know
you'll know that it's you as you can see
he says here I've got a USG - Pro and
the cloud key to configure for a client
tonight fun times and then he follows
that up with saying am I allowed to say
clients I know it upsets your viewers so
questioned him about this I was like
what do you mean clients upsets the
viewers so I did a ctrl-f search on all
of my YouTube comments on like the past
I think five vlogs and a few people have
been like taking the
is taking the mick the right word maybe
mocking that the right word mocking me
for saying clients all the time in my
videos the last thing I want to do with
you guys is say something wrong we'll
say something that offends anyone and I
don't I'm not trying to offend anyone or
anything I don't this isn't a living for
me I try to deal with the things as well
I enjoy doing camera work not just on
YouTube for other people as well so when
I am shooting a wedding or if I'm doing
some corporate work for somebody else to
you guys I'll say I'm going to film for
my clients wedding there they are a
client of me and that is how that is but
if that if you don't want me to say that
and you want me to sort of in these
vlogs not talk about but what I try and
do for a business or whatever what I try
and like what I'm trying to achieve in
my life because I mean this is a vlog
you know you guys don't let's talk about
it I'll not talk about it but it's kind
of hard sees the daily vlogs and then it
will just come across as if I'm got big
chunks missing out on my day sort of
thing we've been that busy as of late I
just totally forgot to tell you guys why
there's been you know why there's been
nothing but no drone flying or anything
because you guys know I used to
absolutely love flying used to
absolutely love flying the drone in
these videos and then all of a sudden it
just stopped and I bet you guys live in
LA Alex what Alex where's the drone
where's the drone where Alex Wyse and
Alex flying the drone yeah that's why
guys I just want to do things properly
and make sure you know what we can we
can go out and do this and all's all
safely in the in the proper way
sweet there we go I have just tied up
this room a little bit got rid of a lot
of things that I just don't need anymore
and now I can look in here and I've got
a visual representation of all the
things that I need to try and position
in this room in the correct places when
we do the shelving on Friday when we
make the first episode of this on Friday
which I can't wait to do genuinely can't
wait and I'm hoping and praying that
this is gonna work as regards to the
shelfing and like putting this massive
amplifier on it I hope the shell thing
that I put up is gonna be strong enough
to hold all the kick so guys I hope I've
debunked a few little mysteries about
the drone and address the little issue
that you guys have had in the comment
section today and I look talking to you
guys about that sort of stuff to make
sure all on the same level playing field
I'm gonna go to the office now and
record a tech flow video so I'm gonna
cut this blog short here guys my husband
Alex you guys been awesome stay awesome
and as always guys keep smiling and I'll
see you in my next video which will be
tomorrow and by the way we're going to
London tomorrow and we're going to
Google headquarters which should be sick
IDs
