guys guys what is that Oh No
okay I'm super super super super late
for my test drive it's at ten o'clock
and it takes me a good 45 minutes to
drive to the garage from where my house
is and now it just got a little bit
carried away with editing yesterday's
vlog I need to go home nevertheless
though guys good morning how are you all
doing my name is of course Alex and
welcome back to another daily video this
morning I'm going to test drive well
hopefully hopefully gonna test drive a
mini John Cooper Works now Jordan and I
if you watched yesterday's vlog you'll
know that we went to the mini garage and
they actually asked me how old I was I
said I might not be able to do the test
drive because I'm too young but then she
came back and said I can do it but I've
got to take someone with me so I'm a
little bit skeptical as to whether I'm
gonna actually be able to test drive the
car or not but I'm not gonna find out as
we go so let's go
I have arrived a really good time as
well I'm like three minutes early I'm
not gonna take any cameras or anything
on the test driver when I go in to talk
about the carpet I don't want to be too
like define inconspicuous okay I want to
be inconspicuous there you go
holy mother of
Wow it's amazing ah that's the best
thing I've ever done as far as cars are
concerned in my entire life like odd
putting your foot down
oh wow wow I'm so so surprised they let
me actually go out for the test-drive
they really really think I really
featured them that way to buy the
castles like I really do need to test
that I'm ready just want to buy a need
to test this I'm like calm please let me
drive it and then went out for a good
like I think about half an hour I was
out there driving it and honestly right
you put your foot down and like you're
feeling kick up shift like obviously
it's an automatic so you put your foot
down you feel it kick up and again
and you just feel the tailpipes at the
back it making so much noise they
grumble oh it was exhilarating honestly
cuz that thing's so small it's like a
go-kart so you feel like you're going a
lot faster than you actually are saying
that you do hit 72 miles an hour very
very very quickly you don't even realise
you there I'm looking at the speed how
much it's put the brake on because like
that was a very very very awesome
vehicle if you watched yesterday's vlog
you know it's at the end that I was
talking about something and then I beat
out this bit now I need to go round to a
client's house someone who wants my
shouldn't I said that I don't really
want to let you guys know what it is
just yet and I'm noting that not just
being like really annoying or anything
it's coz actually can't let you guys
know what it is just yet because it's
not like I need to paint the idea and
stuff I've got a few little tricks up my
sleeve guys that I'm just trying to work
or I'm just trying to have fun with
stuff really and just trying to make
people happy with with doing offering
services and things that sounds really
bad doesn't it I know you guys love me
talking about the business side of what
I try and do here but today well in the
next week we really need to our foot
down but before we go and look at sofas
and before I go and do any meetings this
afternoon
Barney's coming over
go for a coffee and a little catch it
with him
yeah
sweet cost the day over with
Barney we came back to the office for
about 20 minutes and then had another
little chat here barn is now left I'm
gonna go and look about looking for a
sofa for this room and also looking to
see if I can get some nice shelving for
the computer room at home so just going
to check this bit out to start with
these are like shelves you can buy but
it's mounting them on the walls which is
going to be the tricky bit like I
suppose we could go with something like
that but like is that gonna be strong
enough do you know I mean the only other
option is to go for something metal like
that but I just don't think that's good
it's not gonna look good enough life is
not I think this is gonna be a lot
trickier than we think it's gonna be
okay I found something that will work a
little bit better this is quite nice
this is three of these things yeah three
of these six of them and then a few
packs of these to keep the things on the
wall so this is what I'm wanting to do
and this is what I'm going to struggle
with I'm wanting to get rid of all of
this as I've told you guys before my
issue mainly is with this massive
amplifier it's very very very heavy and
this wall isn't a real wall and neither
this one but I'm hoping if I buy all of
that stuff I can have three or four nice
shelves we can have some proper cable
trunking to hide all of these cables and
we'll be all sorted that's the plan so
that's the new pixel the first phone
made by Google inside and out guys what
I think I'm gonna do is this Friday this
Friday I'm gonna stop doing this oh my
god I'm gonna start doing it holy holy
holy holy holy which is a pretty pretty
cool thing I'm super super psyched I
can't wait to get this thing underway
it's gonna be so strange think the first
thing we need to do is strip to that
room like take everything out of it so
that is gonna be super super super super
fun and brilliant to start uploading
back on the main channel again can't
wait but guys I wanted to ask you
something
I've been
these two iPads here by one of my
clients I went around there were like
Alex have got these two iPads that used
to be like company iPads that now sold
their business and they don't need them
anymore so these are just I pad twos and
they both work the both work but
obviously I want to try and give them to
a charity like maybe maybe to like try
and donate them to a to a school that
needs them or something but it is there
a charity like a technology charity
where you can actually donate technology
to local charities pretty much all I'm
asking you guys so if you could let me
know that would be absolutely wicked I'd
love to give these away to a charity or
something cuz you guys know I do like
those giveaways for you guys on Twitter
doing an iPhone 7 giveaway at the moment
which is loads better than an iPad 2
which you got every install iOS 10 on
now because they're there that they're
that old I think so yes
let me know guys we could let me know if
there's a charity or I could put these
in that'd be brilliant
so guys great doing a test drive in the
mini John Cooper Works just see to see
how quickly I can get my hands on one of
them and working like go out and do like
driving vlogs and then the super fast
super nimble super sweet car we need to
get a name for it I don't know what we
could call the car do that's what I'm
trying to every single video or try and
find some sort of way to involve you
guys in this like to talk to your like
you guys to be talking to me in the
comment section on Twitter everything
I'm like guys let me know if I could
donate these iPads I don't go Google in
it I want to ask you guys I want to
involve you in I want to be involved
with you guys it's whole things about
was all about so I do this YouTube thing
for is to interact with you guys I
literally I'm sat here right now right
think of the concept I'm sat here right
now holding a gorilla pod looking into a
camera lens and just talking so it just
feels like a bit of metal but it's not
it's much more than that and that's why
I love interacting with you guys cuz I
really feel it when I see you guys like
reacting to what I've been saying
so yes I'm gonna win today's vlog here I
really hope you've enjoyed it guys thank
you for all the continued support as
usual
my name's Ben Alex you guys been awesome
stay awesome keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog oh yes
