who is it yeah mate yeah I'm still in
bed I'm a little I'm editing yesterday's
vlog is that okay would you like me to
come let you in morning guys how we are
doing my name is Alex and today um well
it's a pretty chill day today no work no
mess me and George here we're just gonna
go and chill out I think we're going for
a cheeky nandos we're gonna go and just
look at some cars and just yeah let's go
yeah pretty much George and I just
thought it's gonna be a nice day - this
actually nice week all week today
weather-wise which is pretty cool so
Jules and I just thought today he's a
lot of college I don't really have much
planned as regards to work I can get it
done tonight so we're gonna go and just
chill out and have a little catch-up
maybe go to a few car garages have a
look a few cars and just genuinely just
chill out
so joltin I've just arrived from my
coffee was parked over in Mackey's right
behind me right now we're gonna go in
and see if I can have a look at the car
that I'm gonna be test driving tomorrow
we're at the mini garage so let's go
have a look and see what we can see see
if they've got the car there arrived in
the mini carriage now the John Cooper
Works is outside I've got the test drive
tomorrow but I've asked if I can sit in
it now just to check go on and does so
this is it they would lock to the car
for me success in it now as I told you
guys we've got the test drive in this
tomorrow
I can't wait boy let the doors on people
work very warm in there through sitting
have a look look at it it looks like a
braced got an SOS button well it does
just feel very nice doesn't it I'm sure
you guys spoke to him the driver look at
that steering wheel what you're doing
that's the iDrive system down there
sport queen and then that is my favorite
thing
look at that look to start it okay I've
just been told that I'm lying about to
have my test drive tomorrow because you
have to be able 21 to drive this car
just because of the brake horsepower
which might be a bit of a letdown
quite a big letdown this is the iDrive
system down here look if you guys can
see that I've jump right up a little bit
there you go that's the iDrive system
and it controls all of this up here I've
just listened to the Harman Kardon sound
system sounds absolutely boring steering
wheel looks absolutely amazing and
they've said that I can do the test
drive tomorrow but someone has to be sat
in the car with me which I thought that
was the case anywhere I didn't think
they were just gonna give me the car to
go out and drive where I wanted I
thought someone always has to be sat
with you I thought it's not what it's
like that's what happens isn't it
you don't give you a car to drive it by
yourself so I can do it but someone will
be with me which means I probably can't
video it but this is why it's good coz
I've shown you guys what I'm thinking of
getting today but just Rock changing so
it changes the colour if you click that
changes the color of the
in there and down our mate everyone
disagreement this is sick
all right guys what are you think let me
know in the comments but honest opinions
guys I'd love to know what you think
Jordan absolutely loves exceeding those
thinking too about cars and he knows
that it's a very nice piece very very
very nice stitching stitching the
spoiler and I look at that judge peel
off peel it off a day a day
George you feelin cheeky yeah
using angel Comcast toilets right now
don't know I'm blog in this morning it's
been really fun so far
can't wait for the test drive some all
right look at that look back in the car
really good day mate I've enjoyed it
that was coulis with me really cool mate
thanks for today I really appreciate it
don't drive off though I need to get my
stuff at the boot right away hello I'm
so hungry guys just gonna keep you
updated on what I'm doing today it's
currently 7 o'clock just had some tea
now I need to go around to a client's
house someone who wants my work
shouldn't have said that
so I'm gonna go speak to my clients now
hopefully they will become partners with
me and then I can go and do that and
then I've still done that I'll catch up
with you guys pages and pages of
contracts boring I'll tell you what's
not boring though bye so cool right my
grandma's gonna bought herself a brand
new iPad so I'm gonna go run to his now
it's quite late I hope she's still up
I'm gonna go around to her has now
helped us set that up because she says
she really wants to get her new iPad
working and up and running so she can
use it because she doesn't have a
computer or anything that like properly
works she only uses it to everything for
him from our iPad so let's go round and
set this new iPad up with her and I love
putting my grandma in my videos because
she's so funny okay yeah good thank you
you didn't think I was coming well I've
been at meetings all day yeah well not
all day I've been to look at young
people works yes so I've got a test
drive tomorrow it should be fun got more
show me loads of her favorite music
she's got a phone
into a a certainly dock over there well
gonna have to take your new iPad home
with me it's just gone really flash wait
let me show you
she's gone for the gold one look at that
she don't really hold one so you're
gonna have to let the case for it as
well so I keep it inside here so don't
break it but it's taking five and a half
four hours to install iOS 10 at this
house I'll take it back to my ex we got
better internet get it all installed up
and running and then come and drop it
back off tomorrow good now right set all
the lights to 100% I said to all the
lights to 100 oh I've had an absolutely
sick day today hanging out with my good
friend Jordan don't really get to chill
with him ally had been along we've been
a long time watch of these vlogs a
longtime subscriber you'll know like
every week me and Jordan just to go out
and do amazing things with the drone and
do loads of cool stuff for quadbikes
like once a week
but now he goes to college I'm really
busy working all the time it's really
difficult for us to see each other and
we hadn't really seen each other
properly since I got back from New
Zealand and I was in New Zealand for a
month and a half so it's been a great
day today catch a girl with their minute
cheeky love Nando's this one course
stuff in town went to sit in the mini
which I'll tell you everything tomorrow
I can't wait I just really feel right
quote me on this I just feel like I'm
gonna get there and they're gonna be
like no you're not driving it you're not
driving it but they said today that I
could drive it but someone's got to go
with me which I thought was the case
anyway so test driving that tomorrow
that's awesome I'm still currently
upgrading my grandma's iPad but anyway
guys I'm gonna win today's vlog here I
will date you've enjoyed if you have
smash that like button put a comment in
comment section and I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog where we're gonna go
test drive the John Cooper Works
alright so beast I'll see you in
tomorrow morning's vlog I have to go up
nice and early to go test drive that
beast of a car yes
