okay so today's vlog guys is really
really cool but to kick off today's vlog
I want to let you know that I've got
myself here a coffee machine so really
really a really really good coffee
machine you put capsules in it and then
it has this this cool milk thing that
you put in it and it actually drops the
milk for your coffee
now I got this coffee machine for
Christmas as well as a load of other new
house related presence and the new house
that's what today's vlog hopefully is
all about now then guys I have a meeting
in about 20 minutes with the house
manager the people that are building my
house and the other day the first vlog
back of 2018 that I recorded I had a
three hour long meeting with this person
to decide what I want the inside of my
house to look like kitchen bathrooms
carpets floor tiles the lot everything
we didn't manage to get it all finished
so I need to go back and finish this
meeting today but what the site manager
has told me is there well it was
actually a show home that has literally
just been finished today that kinda
looks identical to what my house is
gonna look like and we get to go and
look inside so guys let's go
bring you guys back down from this guy
right I've arrived at the marketing
little house thing what you call it
quick meeting and then I'm hoping
they're gonna let me look around this
house that pretty much is identical so
the choices I've made for my house this
is gonna be wicked to see my choices in
real life
tonight I've been wanting to bring you
this video for quite some time now and
well this is this is kind of my house
but I'm stood in right now so this is
what's called a show home and this is
like a really specter that the people
that are doing their houses will let
people walk around to give them a taste
of what the houses are actually like so
what's happened is I've sat down and
I've done all of my meetings now but
I've had to do to design their house so
I've had to sit down to choose what
kitchen I want what worked up on the
kitchen what wallpaper I want what light
fixtures I want what tiles I want on the
floor and it just so turns out that
pretty much all of the choices that I've
made on my house are the same as this
house so this is kind of what my house
is going to look like and I want to give
you guys a bit of a taster so let's do
this so guys first off it's gonna be
these exact tiles on the floor so you
see these marble tiles is like proper
marble these will be running throughout
the whole bottom floor of my house and
looks like there are in this house so
you see as you walk through the entire
house the whole floor is there and then
this is the kitchen that I've also
chosen it has this white LED strip as
standard under here these are proper
granite it's it's not fake granite it's
it's all proper stuff all the fixtures
are just proper nice and all slow
clothes and what you can do is if you
take this drawer out the LED controller
for this LED strip in the kitchen is
just behind there so you can actually
take out the entire LED strip and
install a Philips uwah which is exactly
what we'll be doing
but guys just look how gorgeous this is
the other thing that's pretty much the
same is the downstairs toilet or walk-in
wet room the tiles that I've chosen in
my house are exactly the same as the one
in this house so this is what mine will
look like
again same tiles on the floor and then
these on the walls so guys it's safe to
say that I am absolutely buzzing
absolutely and then in here my house
will have a room like this this is
called the relax room and what I'm gonna
do is instead of having a TV here on
this wall here I'm gonna have a big
projector coming down 4k it's gonna be
and then upstairs we'll have my office
and then a LAN gaming room in the loft
lil seems to - unreal this is this is
insane
this is insane guys that was absolutely
sick getting to see that was amazing
being able to look around what is going
to be my house in about two months times
literally about two months time the
house is gonna be built it's gonna look
like that obviously not 100% identical
but the kitchen tiles bathroom it'll be
the same it will feel the same very
homely very modern very light I'm in
love right so you guys so just driven
home from the office all home for the
evening now is absolutely awesome it was
absolutely awesome guys I cannot stop
thinking about how I'm going to design
the house like cool stuff like this we
want Bruce right-center in the hallway
if you've been living under a rocket and
who Bruce's this well this is Bruce
hello Bruce guys it's gonna be so fun I
can't wait right I want to update you on
something
so guys this here is my blogging rig as
you know and I do just want to date you
on this part of the vlogging rig now
this is the microphone that I'm using
here's a quick tip for you if you have a
shotgun microphone like this and you're
doing a piece to camera but the other
side of the camera
what you need to do is take the
microphone off and just switch it around
so I'm behind the camera and you guys
can now it's facing me the mic so guys
the audio should sound really really
really really sick but this is the
microphone right trying to give you guys
an angle of it it's really small this is
microphone from shore I got it ages ago
it broke I've sent it back to shore and
well they fixed it and have now sent it
back to me in the meantime while the mic
was gang repaired I purchased roads most
expensive microphone in the rode
videomic plus or something it turns on
with the camera it was massive that
microphone well my camera the other day
it fell off the bed onto the carpet and
the microphone just totally broke which
is absolutely mental just didn't turn on
so I sent it back and got a refund now
I've got the shirt back and I just
worked to update you guys on the
vlogging rig because I do know that a
lot of you guys like to film making
tools and well this is Tenley your guy's
eyeballs so I know there's a few of you
that like to know what's filming the
videos so here you are guys I'm just
thinking I want to go for a quick run
just a couple of miles guys this evening
because well have done an exercise today
and as I told you guys and trying to get
really fit throughout the whole of 2018
so you guys probably like I've been for
a run and that's because I've got back
and had like 20 minutes rest I literally
got back and I felt really sick that's
the fastest I've ever run in my entire
life only a quick two miles but I did
them at a 650 mile pace which is mental
that's really fast and I also used these
little Zolo headphones they didn't break
or cut out once so I'm gonna keep you
guys updated on these throughout my
throughout my throughout my testing so
Ethan guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's a daily vlog here change for
once there is a Betsy in my room and not
a birdie bet so you say hey what's going
on but we do she was literally just sat
on the vertical merge a second ago look
what this merge of qualities of it
as my husband Alex you guys been wicked
guys stay us and keep smiling alter a
little lower than the Angels and I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's daily vlog
light rating if you enjoyed
