oh god I was like a state today suppose
you know what it's sunday isn't it this
is Sunday it's fine it's fine it's
Sunday
good afternoon guys how are y'all doing
welcome back to another video my name is
Alex and it's Sunday today lazy lazy
Sunday and as you all know sundays is
the day where we chill out we don't do
anything mental we just chill but as do
it there is one thing that I want to do
today sweet and back home already all
clean you know man I'm gonna miss this
little this little base this little
based as you guys know I'm on the hunt
for a new car I've got a test drive with
a car on on Tuesday I've got a test
drive with their I don't for want to
tell you guys it's quite cool we're a
test drive with a mini john cooper works
I don't know what john cooper works are
it's kind of like every iteration of
ministry but like the mini one mini
cooper paceman all the different
versions of mini but you can get that
that version of a mini in John Cooper
Works variant there's probably someone
in the comments section that could
explain this a lot better than i can so
if you know your stuff then please
explain it in the comment section but in
a nutshell the John Cooper Works version
is kind of just like a little bit more
result up version it puts a John Cooper
Works badge on it as a bit better sport
suspension and the engines a little bit
tuned and it goes a little bit faster
and that's in a nutshell pretty much
what a John Cooper Works is so I've got
a test driving this mini but the John
Cooper Works variant of it but I will
really just miss miss my whip if I open
up the boot I've got a gigantic
sub-woofer work hard anywhere sticker
every single speaker in this car even in
the back has been replaced with a JBL
speaker which I did myself we installed
the LED lighting system we even put a
new LED lamp in up here I don't know
about you guys but for me it's just as
much about the technology in the car is
it is the actual car itself so that'll
be a big thing I'm focusing on when I'm
looking for a new vehicle I think anyway
I just want I just want like tech and
stuff and no I'm not gonna get a Tesla I
don't have that much money but i'm
thinking i'm gonna pick up another one
of these but there's just kind of like a
bit faster and it Oakley I can deck it
out some cool tech and stuff so that
that's my plan so far
Oh
oh pretty cool wasn't it okay no no no
no no I tried not doing anything I've
tried not doing anything I can't do it I
meant to the office I'm going to the
office right before turn the lights on
I've got something to say and it's sorry
I want to apologize to you guys I
shouldn't be the one having to apologize
but unfortunately I'm the face of this
whole operation so I'm gonna be the one
that's gonna mop up after other people's
failures so yesterday or the day before
yesterday I gave away an iphone 7 the
iphone 7 should be in fact is right here
it's in my office waiting for two weeks
until I announce the winner now when the
video went live and I gave away the
phone and got no end of comments and
tweets and snapchat and everything
saying Alex you give away he's not
working out the link in the description
is down actually cutie website that your
love and rave about isn't working I just
finished a really long day filming at
the wedding and Maria had just come back
for the weekend from unisa a wider
literally spend the only one quiet night
in at her house with her while she came
home that's what I'm going to do but now
cutie was down you guys didn't enter the
giveaway I don't even know I was like
ballet or at the q 2t must like guys
come on the guys that are like even
charge of all the servers and everything
I was like guys this is a poor show the
video was up 15 minutes it had like two
thousand views right and the website was
already down two thousand people not the
website out mental so one thing I want
to thank you guys for the awesome
support and you know entering the
giveaway which is awesome you have any
people have you entered you crush the
site by the way the site is back up and
running
I'll drop a link in the description of
this video if you want to re-enter or
you know try to enter again the site is
currently working fine so number one
else happy with you guys cuz you all
entered number two wasn't happy with a
cute team I'll furious but it's all
sorted now and I just want us because
I'm the face of this whole operation and
everything it looks like I'm the bad guy
I'm sorry I didn't mean for that to
happen and I don't want that to happen
so I apologize guys it's up now so going
into it is probably going to crash again
isn't it yeah that's fine sorry I
apologize oh I really apologize ah no I
just realized it probably wasn't a very
wise idea doing that shot of me going up
the ladders when this is what I'm
wearing in well this weather stantly not
warm or sunny outside okay one thing I'm
really struggling with it's coming to
terms with how I'm actually gonna fit so
for through that door it's gonna have to
be a small sofa because it is quite a
small door being perfectly honest with
you though guys you know I told that
what is your the floating shelf thing in
here um this press star is very very
very heavy
and a floating shelf
might not work fan mail the handwriting
up there is just so cute oh my gosh
thank you so cute work hard anywhere you
ready story time to Alex you have the
best YouTube videos the best one is when
your office alarm went off haha if you
would like to send me something back my
address is havanese put his address
bless him thank you so much to let me I
really appreciate that thank you very
much I have got so many letters like
look all of these all these I've got a
few more boxes as well mental it's just
like shattered my heart honestly I'm
such a puff like the fact that he's done
something like that and like he's he's
he's taken on board the message that I
like I try and spread about like just
being positive and and trying to be nice
and you know working hard all the time
and making yourself happy making
yourself proud oh wait well I better
some dude yeah I just put on two orders
I messed up
look at the Domino's guy knows what we
usually get did you hear him it was like
if you didn't solve it in order I
screams I've ringing it apart the shop
Oh
