the fog what
very good morning to you all my name is
Alex how are we all doing and it's going
to like half past 7 right now I've just
got in the car normal way to film a
wedding of all things a Hindu wedding
so for this morning's part of the blog
I'm going to bring you through what it's
like a day in the life working as me
this is the first time I've ever done a
Hindu wedding before so let me know to
expect I'm on my way now
salacious girl
okay I believe this is the venue this
thing here this thing run go get it my
equipment in there now and then I think
I've gotta go park somewhere else
hey watch your videos I appreciate that
thank you very much
I have a picture yeah of course you can
okay the wedding hasn't even started yet
and I've already met like a fan of
walking to the wedding venue this is the
problem amis like trying to do corporate
work as well as vlog it like sometimes
it's a bit funny like that but that's
the trick of the trade I'm assuming so
I've got a I deal with very nice it
makes my day now more smiley and happy
okay what I've got to go and do now I
know okay let me take my slider in there
then I need to go and park my car in the
NPC carpark or ever it's called and then
walk back to the venue
Russ I've got the a 6300 doing a
time-lapse just there and this is the
actual wedding
now I'm going to use this camera to try
and get some shots okay wish me luck
sweet there we go
all finished all filmed up at the
wedding went really well thanks for
asking
guys oh my god check this out right
absolutely belting it now
right melting it now I went through a
puddle back there and my car light
output planes and I was like now there's
no way I'm traveling at 70 here I'm
going to slow it down to travel at 60
because it just not is just not worth it
okay I've arrived safely and securely to
the office but I just don't want to
leave the car it sounds so nice though I
really like the sound of it I didn't
mean to do that
I'm sorry parcel oh good morning it has
been non-stop filming this camera it's a
beast it's never stopped my first ever
Hindu wedding filmed this morning really
really enjoyed filming it and let me be
a little bit more creative than I
usually am because it was a different
wedding so the best thing to do is just
be creative and see what you can do with
the space and the P that's what I did
hope it turned up what is going to turn
out well when I edit it or when it gets
edited okay hiccups okay so this arrives
the other day but we didn't open it
because we were busy as usual so looks
like a shoe box whoa whoa whoa now what
is PlayStation FC I have no idea
whatsoever you guys will realize I know
PlayStation X is how you know no
PlayStation that's it but I don't know
let's then put it together look okay or
an 8-3 ear to ear o playstation FS oh hi
how you doing for the players for the
spectators I'm a player
Wow okay I got a copy of whoa fee 417 I
got a copy of PS 2017 and watch for the
spectators
ah a 15-pound Netflix voucher and watch
for halftime no way no way no way hello
PlayStation you didn't have to give me
these I'm crap at FIFA man he even gave
me a eat first voucher never heard of
that but thanks PlayStation I may now
need to get into FIFA or maybe stream it
that's pretty sweet the PlayStation sent
me all that stuff so thank you very very
much PlayStation UK really appreciate it
I'm not a massive FIFA fan I'm not very
good at it I'll try and stream it and
show you guys how bad am yeah I'm really
bad sweet guys I'm gonna go and have
some tea now and offload all the files I
got from the two cameras today and
organize them into folders so my OCD
isn't going mad but yeah today was
absolutely awesome getting to film at
wedding really really loved it working
for some new clients learning some new
faces and yeah it was really fun nothing
went wrong at all
nothing really to report really for a
bit more an interesting one but
everything pretty much just went
smoothly so there's nothing I can sort
of show you guys on how I went and got
got shots of everything and make sure
I've got good sound and good picture
that's pretty much it and beer anyway
guys that's gonna be it for today's vlog
- VIN Alex you guys been awesome stay
awesome keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's video adios
Oh
