morning guys how we are doing my name is
of course I lives welcome back to
another day video I've got back from one
client meeting this morning now i'm on
my way to the next but i'm going to go
to my next client meeting in my running
gear now the reason why i want to go in
though my running gear is because we're
the meeting actually is around the area
of heard it's really nice to run so i'm
going to go to this meeting in my
running gear hope they don't mind which
i don't think they will and then I'm
gonna go for a run
meeting over and done with got my
meeting notes here I'll talk about the
meeting or what the meeting was about
when I get back from my run because I'm
here now and I told you guys got my kit
on what's good for a run around this
area cuz it's really nice ok let's
longest road I've heard done that
longest run I have ever done five and a
half miles it's Oh 751 pace not the best
but I'm getting there getting back i'm
getting longer smells good I'm dying
guys I'm dying I've gotta drive home now
all right I'll see you guys back at the
ranch
very good afternoon to you all how are
you all doing my name is of course Alex
and today's blog is but it's been very
overdue right but all I can tell you is
that it's finally here ah so this
morning I have been at a meeting when I
woke up this morning went for a meeting
went on a run had a shower had some food
now I'm here and I wasn't actually
planning on doing anything today at all
other than obviously what the title may
suggest which is actually going to
happen today by the way however this
morning I went to a meeting I have my
meeting notes here all typed up a big
one for meeting notes love to have
things written down so I know exactly
what's going on tomorrow I'm actually
filming a wedding tomorrow so those are
the notes for that and usually the
wedding edits that I take part in our
like rather short 7 to 10 minutes but
very well edited very well cut and very
nice appealing videos over this is a
Hindu wedding and Hindu wedding videos
don't really go very well with them
being all looking lovey-dovey they want
a really long video with full ceremony
and everything it doesn't need to be
lovely w all I've got to do is be there
with a camera and film the whole thing
and put it together really easy to do
not very fun but also i need a lot of
battery life so these little batteries
here are the batteries that charge the
camera that i'm currently using right
now my sony a7s mark two now I was just
going to give away the iphone in today's
vlog and call it quits got some things I
need to talk to you guys about as well
but instead I thought I need to try and
modify these batteries to make them last
a little bit longer and modify this
camera to make it last a little bit
longer so I thought we'd do that in the
blog before I give away the phone let's
go to the office
it's derived at the office I can see a
mental thing what's that worried I have
no idea what you are mr. parcel let me
to leave you for today because today
it's all about this lights camera these
batteries suck does the plan right as I
told you guys I'm shooting this wedding
tomorrow and it's a Hindu wedding so all
I need to do is turn up and just film
the whole thing this camera needs to be
recording all day right and I'm going to
record with this one as well so I've got
two different angles they both use the
same type of battery which again sucks
because these batteries suck I've got
five of them this is the fifth one that
means there's three for this camera and
two for this one that's just not going
to be enough herber I thought to myself
this camera that's so the HTC 300 and
this the sony a7s mark two they can both
be supplied power from micro USB whilst
being operated at the same time this got
me thinking let's do some simple DIY
you
you
you
Oh dad
and there we go by we can see the
indication of that the camera is on and
charging brilliant mission success
handheld camera all working perfectly
ready for my wedding tomorrow brillion
right guys now on to the main part of
this show this is the main part of the
show this is why you guys are here
obviously it's a daily vlog but I know
why you guys are here right and you're
here to listen to me say thank you okay
and we're going to get this done with
now because it's not having you to say
it's something that I say at the end of
every single video you know at the start
of a video I say hey guys hope you're
all right and then it they've ever video
say you know stay awesome guys and keep
smiling and I'm always always trying to
introduce or nourish positivity into
people's lives all all I tried to do
with the future videos and stuff is have
fun and tell you guys what's going on
and my brains you show you guys what I'm
doing throughout the day and by the way
guys the wedding that I'm shooting
tomorrow is the first bit of client work
in a long time where I'm actually
allowed to take you guys with me and so
I can actually show you how I'm filming
tomorrow I asked them and they were like
yeah that's fine you can vlog yourself
working and stuff so as long as me so I
can vlog tomorrow while stopped working
which is absolutely amazing and it's
been a phenomenal journey with me I
don't know Matt don't know how much know
I've managed to do it well have been
like working do masterful job alongside
trying to do a daily vlog and then
running to other YouTube channels at the
same time I don't know how managed to do
it I'm putting it down to drive and
dedication
because I just absolutely love creating
videos and and how much it motivates me
to to try and do better and to try and
do more and that is what I absolutely
love and the people that let me do this
and the people that you know you guys
enjoy you got you guys the people that
make me get up and turn on the camera
video to do these YouTube videos and you
make it an enjoyable experience for me
and I just want to say thank you and
I've been thinking it's all well and
good mere sath AAO saying thank you
because I know you'd loads of youtubers
do that and it's just not very authentic
so what I thought I'd do is give away do
a giveaway of a brand new iphone iphone
7 now this is a brand new iphone 7 this
this isn't like a brought to you by slip
wraps or brought to you by anything i
bought this phone out of my own money
and to say thank you to you guys it was
the only phone the only phone the only
iphone 7 i've ever touched and I don't
even have my iphone 7 now i'm still on
i'm still using my iphone 6 because my
iphone 7 i ordered still hasn't arrived
so I'm still on my iphone 6 at the
moment this is an iphone 7 it's in 32
gigabytes it's in the rose gold color
this is the only one i managed to pick
up and it's the only one they had in the
store on release date as you can see
here it is in all its glory you know i'm
going to do look this what i'm going to
do around i log on to it here password
12345 i'll put it in wrong there we go
what i'm gonna do is i'm going to go
ahead and we're going to go ahead and
we're going to take a selfie like this
me and you guys there we go and then
what I'm going to go ahead and do is a
set that as the phone's wallpaper there
we go so this is going to be the phone
that i'm giving away right now okay and
also write as well as giving this away
right there you go cheeky little
wallpaper as well as giving this away
right between now and when I
the winner I'm going to put a sim card
in this phone right m and it's going to
have some credit on it and this phone is
also going to contain my mobile number
right so what I'm gonna do is whoever
wins this phone right we'll have my
mobile number on it and they can call me
and they can chat to me and we can talk
so as well as the Lincoln phone you get
my number as well you also get an
amazing wallpaper that we've just taken
and I want to give this away to you guys
and this it's the only iphone 7 i've
ever touched I used it for a tech play
video and I want to give it away for you
guys and i'm giving away a few more this
is the first one I told you guys I was
going to give away a few more I have
bought a few more to give away but I
don't think they're going to come in a
while so I have teamed up with slit wrap
to give some more away in the meantime
until the other ones come that I have
ordered to give a works i want to give
away more than why I want me to be more
than one winner and but this is it
iphone 7 giveaway right Alex sure how am
I entering the giveaway okay how am I
entering ok what did but I do to enter
this giveaway right and I'm going to run
the giveaway on my social media platform
cutie and there's going to be a link in
the description of this video you can
visit it on any device you want to or
whatever you watch this on just go into
the description click on the link i'll
also put in the comment section as well
just click on the link it's a link to a
kiji page and in that page there's going
to be a bit where you can write
something right the more you have to do
right is say hey Alex full stop ok my
name is dead editor there and i would
like the iphone 7 because did it full
stop and then I want you to tell me in
your own words that you have subscribed
and like followed all of my social
medias so want you guys to put something
along the lines of Alex I did it a bit
my name is dead
I really want the iphone because did a
little there and then put I have
followed you what I have added you on
snapchat I've followed you on Instagram
I followed you on twitter for X amount
of deadly litter I ha I am subscribed to
all three of your YouTube channels
you're vlogging channel mars bar vlogs
mars bar and tech flow and i enjoy your
content they literally just write me a
nice message and that's all i want you
guys to do and then you've entered but
don't write what I've just set out you
need to do it in your own creative
personal way but there you go that is
how I'm going to be ring giveaway from
now on because i wanna i want to see you
guys time cleaning something I don't
want to interact with you and I just
want to I just want to like see you guys
like interacting and typing and I'll try
and apply to a few of you on there as
well but that's how you enter ok so
links in description guys iphone 7 it's
going to be open for this giveaway is
going to be open for two weeks from now
so if from two weeks from now that have
a look at my cup where's my mouse
there's my mouse from two weeks from now
ok so if the date is as one week and
there's another ok so the 14th of
October 2016 right this giveaway is
going to close so if you're watching
this video after the 14th of October
2016 you can no longer enter right but
if it's before then go ahead and enter
and I'm but there's gonna be one winner
for this phone and then when slick wraps
sent me another phone i'm going to do a
giveaway in collaboration with them and
then when i get the other phones that
I've ordered there's going to be even
more giveaways so i'm going to try and
probably give away I think three or four
phones all in all but this is the first
one guys thank you very much football
support and everything that phone just
got a text message and it's in his box
I'm Justin sorry guys I'm a bit like
blown away that you guys let me do all
this stuff so thank you very much I
really appreciate it I wish it on these
vlogs I could show you like more of what
I do for my work and business and stuff
but I can't it's so annoying i can show
you guys tomorrow which
brilliant i'm so happy i can do that so
like a big weight on my chest cuz you
guys asked me Alex what's your actual
job what do you do for a living oh there
you go I've 17 giveaway for you guys
thank you so much for all the support
and I hope you enjoying the videos and
if you not let me know why in the
comment section down below so I can
change some stuff up because I'm not
like I don't do this thing thing full
time like I don't rely on youtube like
this is just a bit of fun for me to come
and make a video everyday in its its to
try and just make people happy and make
myself happy and give me a reason to get
out of bed every morning because gay
believe it or not working for clients
and stuff can be like a ride more like
so like because it because you guys it
just you guys give me a reason to smile
and
it's life changing honestly so thank you
guys I really appreciate all the support
and so hopefully you guys are happy
about the giveaway and if you don't want
the phone you may as well enter anyway
and then just when you get it just sell
it and but yeah that's going to be it
for today guys iphone 7 giveaway okay my
husband Alex you guys been awesome I
love you all millions and I hope you're
all okay and i'll see you in my next
video adios
Oh
