and your way good guys how are we all
doing my name is of course I welcome
back to another daily vlog I'm chilled
out this morning I've had no work to do
so I got up quite early went to the gym
and now a mere midday right cut I need
to go so yeah that's it Betsy right
Bertie Bertie Bertie matey I'm going ok
so I've seen a bit got my grandma a
little bit of wealth I've got a card in
a present a little bit of a present so
I'm going to go around see her for a
little bit be nice surprise for them
really because they like grandma's in
that they never really leave the house
or do anything so if i go and see them
didn't know I'm going round go surprise
him and then I've got to say a little
card there and a present
hello Graham are you gonna see yourself
in my video now is my gun laws birthday
I've given her a card and she's told me
that you guys have been commenting about
my my the pubes that have been on my
chin I've got rid of them now look the
raw gone and yeah so no more complaining
either i left that door open yesterday
or someone's been in here Wow okay um
I've just got off the phone with Mia
she's coming home tonight which is cool
but I just got off the phone with her
and I'm not going to go into detail
because it's not my thing to talk about
but I need to tell you why I'm feeling a
little bit weird right now I really
don't feel myself someone I don't know
what to say someone that Maria didn't
really remotely know but that was in the
same sort of accommodation as her has
killed themselves so my thoughts and
feelings go out to the family and to the
friends of whom it was I don't know who
it was the reason shock and she didn't
even know who it was my thoughts and
feelings and everything I can do goes
out to the family involved and the
friends involved just starting silence
for two minutes that is fairly major but
I need to move on with the vlog so guys
what I had planned for today's video was
well really I wanted to go home and talk
to you guys about the plans that I've
put together for part 1 of rebuilding
the ultimate sector so I'm going to do
that but who we do that at the end of
todays vlog or in the end segment of
it's gonna be quite a large segment this
blog so on I want to get your guys
opinions but as I told you guys in
yesterday's vide
I'm still not one hundred percent of
happy with the office it's been quite a
few changes to it still ah let's go
this is literally gonna be like office
and home change week like where we're
thinking about what we're going to be
changing and stuff just cool guys I
literally can't waste leg up my first
apartment or like even house and we can
just all do it together on the arm wow
that's not my dream to do that with you
guys okay hear me out listen up need
some wall art to go here I need a little
wooden chest of drawers to go here and
then I need to do something here butter
than that I think we're pretty good
except I've had an idea yes I liked you
crazy I know I'm crazy hear me out okay
you know we were planning on putting the
sofa in here and having like the
streaming area in here I've got a better
idea okay here's the plan buy a new TV
for the office take this TV home the
reason I'm going to do that is because
the TV i have in the office it's really
really really really good and it's not
getting its full potential used out of
it in the office it will do at home
though so i'm gonna get a new one from
there and then i'm gonna take that one
home cool but Alex what are you gonna do
with the TV at home hear me out dreaming
set up in here deck this room out this
is going to be the streaming room
brilliant acoustics so sit here
we can have a small table that with the
TV screen on it and a monitor with the
streaming pc sat next to it i can have a
microphone next to me i can have a
splitter so people that can quite a
common streaming me you can just come
and plug in the headphones we can sit
down stream and to be honest without
like all of this stuff here like if we
got some cool LED lights at the back of
this like down there maybe even some
philips hue and did it all properly it
would just look super super cool one
we're streaming I'm so excited guys guys
in the comments now tell me to get this
done because it's gonna be sick so many
things we need to do their got yourself
to do at home I've already said this
numerous times so many things need to do
we've got a setup at home to finish
we've got some stuff in
get to do and then we've got the brand
new streaming room to do it there Oh the
future is awesome right you Twitter
geniuses the genius is all out of all of
you to follow me on twitter link me foot
link me to some like nice little wooden
kinda like to reclaim reclaimed wood
type of acclaimed wood type of little
chest of drawers which i can just put
all of like my micro USB xin and it just
needs to go just there nicely you guys
have already linked me some awesome
sofas which I told you guys I was going
to put here the sofas you guys let me on
Twitter are awesome so I'm going to buy
one of those and it'll end up going up
there x obviously the streaming room is
gonna be up there see where i'm going to
head home and talk to you guys about
what we're going to do at home but i
think i made the way rather source
pleasures go i'll meet you guys at home
i'm so excited the don't know if you can
tell just have for subscribers turn to
put the door
that was really awkward anyway I told
you guys that I was gonna come back for
one reason and one reason only and that
reason is to properly talk you through
how I plan to renovate this little room
just here now as I've informed you guys
and as I've already told you guys I've
sent LG the email and said to them look
can I have two more of these mad teams
quick update they haven't yet replied
getting quite concerned but what I want
to do right before we even touch the
desk right is do the main thing and
that's this room here ok so as you walk
in here let me do that again you guys
need to see what it looks like as you
walk in and you guys are currently
looking at me ok so as you walk in here
it's just not nice like it's just like
it's just like and I don't want that
when i did this set up the front bit
right two years ago however many years
it was I loved it and I thought wow and
that was what I wanted but now what I
want to do is redo this and look at it
and go wow and I also don't want to
neglect what goes on in the background I
want to be able to look at what goes on
in the background and say wow instead of
just instead of looking at stuff like
this like what am i doing and all these
all this cables and and and all these
cables that aren't in cable trunking
I've got a little nice little shiny
Apple TV and behind it loads a cable
cable and the floor that's like rubbish
everywhere there's loads of rubbish so
this is the plan okay hear me out we've
got four sections to this room well I
think this for it's crap that other time
I sections is gonna be what I'm gonna do
is section it off go stand up on this
chance I'm not right at all ok so
section number one the network as you
can see a large chunk of this room right
here is taken over by my home's network
now I'm a networking fanatic my network
in this house is fairly strong I do like
my networking however I'm gonna replace
this with a business grade router when
we do all of this but what I want to do
all this networking gear and all of
these cables on have them mounted
vertically on the wall and all the
cables I want to have them tacked to the
wall in like going like this and then
they go exactly where they need to be
and then they have a little label on
them that says
this cable goes to fit a little dirt and
that makes things really easy to
troubleshoot and it'll also look really
cool so that's the network moving down
here I've got the drone bit I'm gonna
buy the new mavic or maverick whatever
it's called and I'm gonna buy the GoPro
karma with the GoPro five when it comes
out and I'm gonna sell this or give it
away that will this complete the drone
wall I'm gonna have them all mounted on
the wall by the way all this white shell
thing is gonna go and then on all i'm
gonna be talking about is floating I
want things to be floating for this pc
here I want it on the wall probably a
little bit higher than it is now and I
want it to look like it's floating which
means I'm gonna have to install some
floating shelves so I need to look into
that probably gonna be quite expensive
but I want to do it and then all of
these things we've got the sky q boxes
we've got the sonos and the apple TV
we've got my massive amplifier got a
vinyl player but gotta consoles down
here on all of these on shelves and I
want them to look like they're floating
and then we're gonna put all of these
cables in cable trunking so you can't
see any cables trust me when I say this
it's gonna look it's gonna look pretty
good because I'm gonna make it look good
we're gonna do it together it's what you
guys have said by the way I forgot to
mention it in the description of this
video i will put the the link to the Qt
page where you guys can put your
recommendations all of these things that
said so far are all recommendations from
you guys that you've left on the Qt page
everything one of them is an idea that
you one of you guys are said and I've
just picked the best ones right guys
anyway I'm gonna leave today's vlog
short here I think it's quite a long
long to done quite a bit of talking guys
hopefully you like my plans and then
what we're doing with this as I'm saying
I'm trying to make it really interacted
with you guys because you guys are the
main priority and all of this and and I
don't want to do I want to do all of
this together but for now anyway guys my
husband Alex you guys been awesome stay
awesome keep smiling I'm so happy with
all the most journey together and i'll
see you in tomorrow's video re yes
Oh
Oh
you
