good morning to you all how are y'all
doing my name is of course Alex and
welcome back to another daily vlog when
going from a three hundred days now how
mental is that before Christmas of last
year crazy so before I get into today's
vlog in about three minutes I've got
another core with Logitech last week on
the vlog when we were opening a load of
packages I got a package from Logitech
and it was like an in-car thing to work
with your Android phone and I'm gonna
have liking video conference with
Logitech right now so they can tell me
how to use it okay yeah yeah
oh what a morning it's been you don't
you have those circumstances a certain
circumstances that you can't really
ignore but you're already really super
busy you don't really have time to sort
out these circumstances but the
circumstances that you have to sort out
are quite a big deal so you have to make
them your priority but you don't have
time to make them your priority that's
what happened to me this morning I woke
up everything was fine I just opened my
laptop to check to see if all my clips
are imported for yesterday's vlog
getting ready to edit it and at the same
time I used to do that I usually check
my emails check my emails logged on to
my outlook boom outlook cannot get your
email brilliant mr. pie icing on the
cake outlook still can't get my emails I
haven't looked to my emails all day
today because outlook isn't working and
I don't know why it's not working so
annoying and I don't have time for this
I want to do fun things and vlog with
you guys not sit there wondering why I
can't get my emails anyway what are the
meaty now I need to get I absolutely
hate numbers and math and everything in
between numbers and math and for the
last hour all I've had to do is look at
numbers and do math and it's been
absolute torture it's all well and good
being your own boss and everything and
being in charge of everything until you
have to do like all your tax returns and
sort out things like insurance and
everything just costs money but I'm so
lucky that I've got a lot of work on or
I have a lot of work on in the last few
I so strange I'm constantly out working
for clients all the time but I've been
with one this morning obviously I can't
include it in the vlog because my
clients don't want their personal work
and thus abandoning for them being broke
I can't believe log of me making a
website for someone I can't believe like
this I can't believe like that it's so
annoying man so annoying trust me I do
ask I do ask my clients I'm like oh can
i video media can I put you into the
work I'm doing for you kind of girl my
vlog
like no and I might sick yes sit right
but work and meetings over and done with
for today the only thing I know and it's
thought out is my emails which still
aren't working but I'll do that tonight
when I finish today's vlog right okay
okay so okay but call from Logitech
earlier was about this little thing this
is called the zero touch for Android
only and I had a video conference
earlier so I could learn how this thing
works now in the video conference my
microphone and webcam wasn't working so
she couldn't hear me and she couldn't
see me but I could hear her and see her
so she told me how the product works
I didn't even catch your name it's a
very lovely lady so thank you very
lovely lady from Logitech for giving me
a demonstration on your product pretty
much as far as I can understand you have
your phone right and on the back of your
phone you have a little metal sticky
things that you stick onto your phone
when you get into your car you stick
your phone via this magnetic thing
that's on the back of it to the little
device that's in there and then as soon
as you do that your phone automatically
opens and application and it becomes
your car just becomes really smart
apparently pretty much you can do stuff
like make phone calls Heather to play
music ask you for directions loads of
cool stuff to be fair in the meeting
that I had with with the lovely lady
from Logitech I was I found it quite
amusing that you couldn't hear me or see
me so first thing you need to do first
is getting my Android phone to work then
we can actually test this thing out
hopefully hopefully it's gonna be cool
but I'm just really not happy with the
office every time I come here something
just doesn't seem right it doesn't seem
tidy doesn't seem clean it doesn't seem
there's just something on my mind and I
don't know what it is I think part of
the fact is stuff like this
there's a massive gash in the wall just
there like that's annoying
look at that it's all stuff everywhere
on the floor can you see all the white
stuff this is random bands
rubbish on it but a little random boxes
down there my desk is a mess
the editing desk is cool but there's
something about it which is annoying me
and I think it's those headphones that
are just awkwardly placed there
this cables falling down underneath my
monitor the things just seem really
half-hearted and I hate hard heartedness
absolutely hated you're gonna do
something do it properly
we've also gotta do stuff like looking
some lighting systems for up here I also
want to get a sofa get rid of this TV
have this TV in my room at home and
bring my TV from home around here I'm
gonna try and amend a few of these
things today
can you see the splats on the wall man I
just really I'm not happy with it like
it looks a lot better now you look at
that desk it looks a lot nicer my desk
looks a lot cleaner but there's just
something about it that's annoying right
looking a lot better it's looking a lot
better I think the one thing that I'm
lacking and one thing that every office
that wouldn't have this will be lacking
is some cupboard space I was thinking
I've got like a bullet I've got like
millions of USB cables and battery
magnets right got nowhere to put them
nowhere to put them at all what I need
is some cupboard space before I started
redoing the ultimate office though I do
want to get my setup at home out the way
and all finished I don't mean out the
ways and ah let's just get it finished
never done with obvious I'm going to
spend some time on it and I'm going to
be a little bit too this office in the
meantime but we do have a big project
going on at the moment and that is the
office sorry the setup at home
once you've tackle the setup at home
then then we'll deal with the office
so guys Hera's all quick now I'm not
gonna do anything with it for this
evening it's probably really curly I'm
really weird so I'm just gonna leave it
as is now fantasize a little bit sure
two lengths estate on the top and then
at the back at the top a little bit
short and different pretty simple and
self-explanatory it'll look good
tomorrow I promise
okay so I've sent LG the email to say
can we have three of those monitors
because that seems to be what you guys
want us to put on on on desk if we can
okay when I get the monitors I'll then
decide if they're good or not and if
they're gonna fit if they don't fit then
I'll just send them back to LG or say
guys Elgin you can I give them away but
before I even get those monitors we can
do some stuff in this room right and
this is my plans so far what I'm wanting
to do up here it's as you can see this
is my whole networking Vassago that I've
got going on all the cables come down
there so then up here we can have all of
the networking gear on the wall get rid
of all the shelving then down below on
the wall we can have the drone bit so
I'm gonna get the new DJI drone the Mavs
a core ever it's called I'm probably
gonna sell the Phantom 4 I'm gonna get
it inspire one and then get the new
GoPro five or ever it is with the GoPro
drone and all that jazz and then that
will complete thus the drone war I'll go
through it in a bit more detail with you
guys tomorrow
