good morning guys how you're doing my
name is of course Alex I am going to go
and quickly help a quick gym session
because whilst I was in Manchester over
the weekend and didn't get the
opportunity to go for a run or do any
gym will do anything that was remotely
healthy so I'm gonna go do that now
while you guys take a look at the
weather and what we're dealing with
today
ouch guys I keep putting this lens on my
camera and I have no idea why I'm just
excited with the fact that it gives you
a really shallow depth of field which
means that the background is really
blurring and you can only do that with
certain types of lenses now I've got a
canon lens right now which is giving me
dis effects on a sony body which means
that if i do this it's not gonna water
focus and to be fair I don't even if I
am properly auto focused or not oh I'm
sorry not auto focus don't know if I'm
actually focused or not yet this is the
lens I usually use for vlogging it is
great because it auto focus is but it
doesn't give me this blurred depth of
field so what I need to do is find a
lens with this auto focus and that gives
me blurred vector field and then we
sorted there you go look now we're back
to my super wide lens which auto focus
is pretty well on this camera let me
know what you guys think would you
prefer to have a shallow depth of field
or would you prefer time it's super
super super super wide let me know
whilst the pointing given me a pull-tab
if I can't open it so you can see the
weather is a little bit drowsy today not
looking the best going to go and record
a tech flow video in the office and be
inside whilst this weather is a little
bit bad not the best ok I've come away
for this right if you didn't watch
yesterday's video highly recommend your
shirt if you didn't yesterday's vlog
pretty much you have a few packages turn
up at the office this being one of them
and it's been such a long time coming
put in which what's inside here is an
air conditioning unit now that sounds
really uninteresting but honestly if you
don't understand the technology you
won't like it but pretty much you have
an air conditioning unit right and a fan
those are two very different things a
fan takes air and pushes it and an air
conditioning unit takes air makes that
air cooler and then puts it back out
into the room ultimately making the
temperature of the room drop but usually
with aircon units especially with like
traditional ones that have to be mounted
on the wall up high upon a wall they
have to have an exterior unit on the
exterior of the house or office or
wherever you want to have air
conditioning and the big clunky horrible
things this is just a little box that
you plug in it's literally a portable
aircon unit
I don't know how they've done this and I
can't wait to see if it actually works
or it's just a gimmick
that's why I'm excited ok I'm really
excited to see if this works
so I was in today's I've come to the
office I'm gonna record a tech flow
video on this bad boy and box it and do
a little first demonstration look at it
on tech flow for a video over on that
channel and then we'll look at it in a
bit more detail on the vlog and take it
home and compare it to the big
ridiculous fan that cost me a million
pounds back at home the Dyson fan which
is to waste a money so I'm just wish to
my phone right now and as you guys know
as a lot of you have found out I've been
doing the template videos on my own
quite a bit recently and it's quite hard
to do do to do like multi-camera setup
stuff on your phone and but I would show
you guys what like the setup is so I
have this is my like vlogging camera and
I use this as the main camera for tech
flow on all other shoots and then have
the a 6300 down here - this is actually
has a little bit of a tighter shot and
then this is this is the wide shot on
this so I have two cameras like that and
then I'm gonna sit here and unbox okay
guys this thing is that cool literally
pumping out cool air if you want like a
four of you going water tech play video
not sure when I'm going to put that
video alive literally if you saw the
little time lapse that I just did people
from the other offices in this office
building we're coming up and were like
that is absolutely amazing I so cold
maybe self
sweet said I say take flow video all
done for today and I'm so happy that
I've got the video out the way because
that means that I have this thing out of
the box which is totally ridiculously
awesome at this that this thing is so
cool and it legitimately works like look
at the split on oh wow just wow okay so
the temperature of the room is 22
degrees
this machine is taking in through the
back of it 22 degree air turning it into
18 point nine degrees there and pushing
out the front
this number is slowly dropping we only
have the unit turned on about five
minutes I've managed to get this down to
18 point one degrees how cool is that
and you can change the color of this LED
if you want to it's so cool I think if
you guys will notice if you watch the
tech flow video but I had to have this
bad boy on in the background just to
just to see if anyone would notice it's
honestly really cool in this room right
now today's been a bit of a boring one
for me really not much I can really
explain this is a load of insurance
stuff I'm getting all of my all of my
equipment in ensures that in case it
gets stolen all the fire I have
insurance
right so I look forward to myself but
why do I go out and empty the container
that's meant to go in it let's think
about it in the car on the way back I
think what I fill the container with ice
water so I actually put ice in there now
the water is freezing to the touch so
what we'll go ahead and do is try this
put the ice water on the side see if
that goes even colder then had another
idea I totally forgot that this thing is
USB powered so you can literally just
power it off of an external battery bank
so if I plug this in here hopefully and
then I had another idea why do I aim the
Eva Polar at the Dyson Airblade
turn on the Dyson Airblade and then tell
the Dyson Airblade
to blow the cold out into the room okay
apparently my room is 21.1 degrees at
the twenty-one point two degrees let's
see if we can get this room really cool
okay I'm going to leave my little
contraption over there running right but
for now for now let me show you have you
seen this sky look at look at this
there's probably going to be one of the
best time lapses I've ever done in my
life
Wow okay okay okay okay I've had this
contraption running down here for the
last sort of 45 minutes to an hour as
you can see now we did an amazing
time-lapse and it's now dark a screen
said the internal temperature of the
room hadn't changed
I can tell you from being in here it's
very cold very very cold I'm gonna add
it's gonna get a jump run now is that
cold guys look at this live let's you
hit the jackpot my clients who just come
round to my house and this is a
recurring income client because I run a
website for him and once a website has
been running obviously a client patient
for the design work of the site the site
is then live and I thought and he
thought as well that he was paying to
keep the website running every month and
he just paid me for the design work but
I'd actually said it up in a way that I
had been paying for the website running
each month which is like a 10-pound
running cost every month to keep the
website up and to keep the domain name
we both thought he was paying for if it
turns out I've been paying for it we
literally together looked at the billing
information so he's just giving me like
a hundred and twenty quid for the whole
year ten pounds a month absolute is a
massive boost like that's so cool I just
feel so strange obviously it's my money
but it just feels strange to like be
holding that much money at once so I'm
gonna put that in my wallet and try and
take it to the bank
sometime this week that's how much that
I couldn't fit in there was two days
over the weekend Saturday and Sunday I
did no exercise so I need to do two gyms
today or two bits of exercise today to
make up for that so I'm gonna go for a
run I'll see you guys when I'm back oh
that was really difficult got such a
quick bath that's what my hair's not
done
guys some of the comments you guys have
left on the Qt page have just been
absolutely phenomenal is in regards to
changing the self you guys are blessed
absolutely phenomenal stuff we'll talk
about it a bit more tomorrow a lot of
you guys have said like put like sliding
wardrobe doors and stuff over here
but we'll talk about all of that in
tomorrow's video and I just want to get
just a little tangent and just say guys
thanks all the live ratings and comments
recently it's been amazing your support
guys recently has been absolutely
phenomenal so I thank you for that and
hello to all of the new subscribers
recently subscribed hope you're enjoying
what you're seeing and yeah let me know
what you think of the content in the
comment section down below or on Twitter
or even on QT if you're a hardcore
hardcore person via anyway I'm gonna get
some sleep now guys so I'm going to go
and I'll see you guys in tomorrow's vlog
- when Alex you guys have been awesome
stay awesome keep smiling catch you in
tomorrow's vlog IDs good morning
is how we are doing
we try to make her
you
