hey yourself comfortable baby
Piccadilly train station please
really it mate thank you very much good
morning guys how are y'all doing my name
is Alex and I'm in the middle of
Manchester it's chucking you down and
I'm trying to make it home I think I
found the train station
brilliant arrived in to Doncaster that's
one step closer to home
not saying at all but I wasn't happy to
be in Manchester and with Mia but I just
get so homesick whenever I leave home
I'm not gonna lie to you right I really
do believe that going away to New
Zealand for that amount of time made me
feel that homesick but I actually feel a
little bit afraid to now I believe my
hometown I just feel like I'm never
gonna make it home again cuz literally
that is what I felt like when I was in
New Zealand honestly I don't know why I
just did okay and I'm honest with you
guys that's how I felt
don't have time to unpack any of my
stuff just yet it to get my phone laptop
as well soon as I get back home straight
back into the comfort zone that is work
I'm meeting with a Logitech in the
office now let's go there there's my
babies how are you doing you look like
you've grown matey and you look exactly
the same to guys quite recently I've
been thinking about getting a new car
and as you can see this is this is my
mini and I absolutely adore minis
brilliantly well built cars for the
money value for money and I'm all about
value for money absolutely excellent
because I don't know if you guys know
but there's different factors as to when
you buy and sell your car how many miles
it has on it and that although all these
factors determine when is the best time
to sell your car until it will rapidly
start to decrease in value so one thing
is if I sold it now I would get X amount
of money for it but if I sold it in like
five months time I'm not gonna get
nowhere near as you know not know I knew
as much as I've said get to sell it now
like right now is the perfect time for
me to sell this car is what I'm trying
to say to you guys in a nutshell and I
really don't know what Karl to get next
guys really don't i probably is gonna be
boring and get another mini but I don't
know I just don't know guys you guys
only good cars like any nice cars you
could let me know in the comments
section or anything I just thought I'd
ask you cuz I have I have no idea
running late as per usual I really need
to work on my timing
I like work on timing hello Hey yeah
I've got your loud and clear
Tom have you got me hello
and I can tell you without maybe anyone
that a lot of the cameras on the market
today pretend that they they say that
they're encrypting and usually they are
part of it but there's always parts that
aren't equipped and ever better take
yeah they usually don't encrypt
destroyed content which means if I
managed to get access to the database I
get access to every count
a little bit where random things arrive
is so fun honestly okay I'm gonna come
but I don't want any of them are really
but this one it says on it
we made even Polar's that you can enjoy
your work or leisure activities in a
comfortable environment
if you pull is the retailer device that
allows you to improve the quality of
your life exactly where you need it some
prefer us don't really know what it is
but it says the name of it on there so
this is just in an Amazon box let's do
this one first
a genuine simple playing Amazon box
delivered to my door what do we have in
here oh my god it looks like a dark for
a Macbook like you put your map book in
it and it like and it stands you mock-up
huh I'll put this over here just down
here with the the groupie of other
products really cool products that we
have I'll just put this over here with
the rest by the way guys you know what
I'm about enough really and if you guys
can tell if I just have just I've had
enough I just want to do this giveaway
for you guys for the iPhone 7 while the
phone is still fairly relevant so I hate
obviously wraps and I was like guys is
it easy to get iPhone sevens over in
America right is it easy to get them
over there because it's ridiculously
hard in England for some bizarre reason
I didn't even have my phone yet
and they said yeah we can get phones
easily why what what do you want so I
just said to them look can you send me a
phone wrap it in a mars bar app or
something and can we do a giveaway and
they said yeah of course I said yes of
course so I'm gonna be doing over seven
giveaway very soon and I'll actually be
able to do it like legit so that should
be really cool I think of a way coming
soon actually No
when the phone is gonna arrive so
hopefully it should be with me very very
very soon and then we can do a giveaway
giveaway the first phone okay I'm gonna
give away few this gonna be the first
one sweet cool oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god
I just figured out what this is it's so
cool is so cool
sound American sounds so cool that's
cool recently where am I trying to get
to sleep at night it's been really
really really hot I'm waking up in the
middle of night sweating I'm sweating my
can't sleep and especially over the
course of this whole entire summer it's
been ridiculously hot and yes you guys
give it up Alex you've got a Dyson
Airblade fan which is worth about a
million trillion pounds does that might
even work there at the end of the day I
told you guys in the videos of the video
the comprehensive video review that it
it's just a fan right just a glorified
fight doesn't make you any colder just
blow they're on tear yeah cool sick this
this this thing it's the freaking
portable air conditioning unit well as
you couldn't physically unplug it from
the wall and take it around it's in this
box all you have to do is fill it with
water it sucks air in and then puts out
cool air doesn't just blow the air
around like something pointless it's
like a Dyson air blade or a standard fan
it pulls air in cools the air down and
then pumps out cool that like colder
than what it's cold man
but usually air conditioning units are
huge well you have to give them mounted
on the wall or in the ceiling this is
cool so if it works that's amazing
I'm gonna do a video this week on tech
flow about this gonna unbox it plug it
in and see if it works
cuz that will be cool I think anyway I
think that's wicked just get a load of
this rods get a load of this right we're
gonna do a bit time traveling together
and I don't think you guys really
understand how cool this is so this
thing right look at the size of it it's
at my desk it's small it's about the
same size no no no it's smaller than my
laptop you see the point I'm trying to
make here this thing is huge and all it
does is blow air that's all it does it's
the most overpriced piece of rubbish
that I've ever used in my life although
it does have a mouthwash sticker on it
which makes it a million times better
there is a bacon an exam with me about
being breakfast Mabel my firm represents
one of my national embeds I'm still
quite hungry
ma'am I saw some pasta so this is a very
confidential edit right here we're not
gonna have to show you much Bonnie can
play about five seconds start absolutely
go Oh
so that is Barney's final edit of New
Zealand well he's in progress as you can
see the timeline is fairly mentor
Barney's been released and dropping this
bad boy rather shortly it's pretty good
I'm not gonna lie to you all of Barney's
memories from the last year whilst he's
been on a gap year in one video it's
pretty phenomenal we're gonna go to the
pub now and have a few beers
think about pretty late
