I've ever wondered what I a uni room
looks like this is Mia's
clearly taking inspiration from the
ultimate set up yet to be fair is pretty
cute guys welcome through the daily blog
my name's Alex let's get into it
been two spoons for a quick meal today
then we've got a cost the weather has
been like sort of on and off we managed
to get a dry spell we've been out
playing a little bit a Pokemon go sat in
this park yeah and I need to talk about
that thing what was it those two things
well you room is messy but I'm not gonna
stop with him filming we've got
something we need to talk about this is
anything you don't want in the shot they
need to get it out of the shop now I'm
already filming say already already too
late so amazing the bathroom just
brushing a tee and in the comment
section recently and I totally
understand why it's not like not normal
because I've but I've been talking about
stuff and I've been saying you know
certain friends have been doing certain
things to me certain people are being
annoying me that's because you're very
angry your label to deal with criticism
why does it keep saying that yeah what I
want you to do look at the picture of
the kittens in a barrel yeah whenever
you feeling a bit hungry wanted to look
for it its first and a lot of people
have jumped a major conclusions major
conclusions saying have me and mia
broken up what's going on are you two
all right XXX rated show and well she's
in the bathroom brushing her teeth i'm
in a union room right now it's at state
but that's fine when we're fine and we
never weren't fine but a lot of people
for some reason thought we weren't fine
but we are fine I promise you so that's
cool I need the main thing that sparked
it always when I was talking about the
SSD upgrade i was going to do in
someone's computer and a lot of people
are saying you know was that was that
for me
and we fallen out and what's going on
and we're absolutely fine it's what I
hope the person I was talking about in
that video is no one that you guys know
remotely you've ever seen in my videos
so don't jump to sort of conclusions
because all the people but I assume that
all the people that surround my life
right now everything is absolutely fine
I'm fine you guys are fine and as long
as that's cool and that's all that
matters right I need to get ready to go
out because I'm an absolute legend I
just booked somewhere familiar to go eat
tonight so I need to push it along so
come on behind this and it is it's not
even o'clock and eat out of a clock be
someone's half past seven tables booked
for eight need to get over and get there
on time and enjoy what is hopefully what
I've been told so I've had to book this
place gonna be some nice food and also
another thing about two months ago I
mentioned that I'd never used a girl in
my video for views or put them in the
thumbnail and then literally I took a
thumbnail for a video i think it was
like last week or the week before and
you could literally see like a quarter
of me as face in the corner of it right
she can be in my videos but she's not
going to be stood there looking all sexy
because she kind of has a bit of
self-respect not calling out any of the
youtubers at all now i'm gonna joking
it's just because obviously means now
come to uni so there's going to be like
every other week i'm gonna come down
here and see her and obviously with the
sale of thing you're gonna see her a bit
more in the videos and i did try and
keep like mine her relationship private
but if i'm coming down and seeing him
obviously got a vlog she's gonna be in
it now and again and that's cool as long
as you're cool with that yeah so I've
booked a little place called San Carlos
I don't even know what type of food it
does i just heard that it's really
really nice and you have to pre book
lies you're not going to get in so I
just looked where it is and it's there
I'm going to go ahead and get this uber
ordered and then hopefully we can get
there for eight o'clock and everything
good
fine hopefully ma Alex brookshire just
want to go ahead and apologize for the
lighting in this room it's like causing
a wig whoa causing a strange light
flicker on the lens and I don't really
know what I can do about that is I think
it's coming from this light here but
anyway meal was absolutely gorgeous I'm
100-percent your mirror absolutely loved
it we had some like really weird
cocktails yeah they were really nice I
had some spaghetti carbonara Mia had
something with salmon in it obviously
the carbonara was better now I didn't
want to go out and do some like
nighttime photography out in Manchester
but apparently it's really dodgy around
here and Mia will not let me go out with
this camera she's like no you're not
you're not going anywhere with whip
taking your camera because you someone
just will steal it so I'm not from
around Manchester she's been here a few
weeks so I'm gonna take her word for it
I'm not gonna go out and do any night
time photography in Manchester she says
I'm gonna get mobbed or something at my
camera or get stolen so we're better to
be safe than sorry I think mirrors in
the kitchen I don't know where she is
but I'm gonna go ahead and end today's
vlog here guys management Alex you guys
been awesome stay awesome and keep
smiling and i'll catch you in tomorrow's
video where normal vlogs are not chilled
logs will resume will get up to doing
some mental things I need to get back to
my hometown for
okay we'll deal with that tomorrow
anyway adios
you
