how you feeling bro feeling a bit rough
feeling a bit rough right okay then I
also ordered another alternate mayor for
you already to other phones but that's
not the jet black line okay so so
anytime anytime hopefully next week
brilliant okay thank you very much for
the help cheers thank you have a good
day bye bye I want to give these phones
away if you guys want the phones man I
want to give them away ah
and apparently my jet black one not
gonna be getting that's on their
Christmas apparently this the seven plus
in jet black uh you ain't seen that for
a long time ah okay okay it's gonna be
fine
no stress you guys understand I've run
them and try my best guys I promise you
super busy day today guys I'm jetting
off down to Middlesbrough for the
Tottenham game and we just are gonna get
beat new guys like ha ha look at Lisa's
pulling out the card we're so if he
loses he says we're gonna get beat huh
I'm not pulling any cards out the fact
is we are gonna get beat it stop them
here this is a Middlesbrough we're gaps
what you thrashed
I do enjoy going to the games it's not a
massive football is a massive thing for
me but I just really like the atmosphere
and I get still up my family it's a lot
my family live down near Middlesbrough
so I get to see people a few people like
that who family friends and stuff that
we only get to see you know whenever the
games are on whenever I get a chance to
go down so today today is one of those
days and they also don't you can tell I
are literally literally running on three
and a half hours sleep like that isn't a
joke I got back from town at I think
about 5:30 got to sleep about quarter
past 6:00 and woke up at 9:00 and now
I'm in the office and it's it's time to
11 it's 10:00 to 11:00 can't stop won't
stop we don't spend a day in bed let's
go
just arrived at Grandma's fashionably
late as usual
miles maybe some toast and the coffee
and I've had a quick shower I was needed
finally after like two and half hours in
the car we've arrived and I love it down
here because literally people people
talk instead of saying see you later go
see you later
brilliant quick meal here before the
match
last time I tried to get into the match
with my camera they confiscated it and
told me I can bring it in so I can take
my camera into the game which is a shame
so I try and get some clips on the phone
if we're doing well if we're not I'll
just go really muddy and not sure you
guys anything yeah gonna go to the game
now
okay I'm on a train now to Manchester
I'll explain when I get back
it was okay I'll talk about later I've
talked to Beth later that's what you
might get I get into Manchester okay
sweet finally arrived into Manchester I
haven't been here it's such a long time
like such a long time remember coming
here once for like a YouTube event thing
which is pretty cool but memories are
coming is because I'm gonna spend a few
days with Mia I think that's what's
going on I'm not really sure just all of
my to bar hopefully well this is the be
here now 7 minutes 7 minutes
so finally made it to Maria's room after
such a long day as I said to you guys
this morning he goes something wake up
it is that shot was to demonstrate that
had like zero sleep last night I got it
like six and then that set off to go to
the office at about 9:00 in the morning
said no sleep gonna get an early night
and I will attempt to umm but yeah
that's gonna be today's video really
shameful shameful play from the burro
today second half was love it in the
first if you watch the game or and if
you have a Borah supporters but we lost
one too and that was sort of to be
expected really but yeah I'm gonna go
now guys and I'll see you in tomorrow's
video for a for the Sunday vlog and you
know what you know what that means
you all know what I mean so it means
that were gonna chill out cuz that's
what we do on Sundays and we're trying
when we try and chill out but it never
really works but yeah - when Alex you
guys been awesome sales and keep smiling
catch you in tomorrow's video oh yes
