the electricians here today to the
powers off my speakers don't work
ha ha ha plans are broken good afternoon
guys how we all doing my name is of
course Alex welcome back to another
daily vlog I'd like to tell a little
story a story letting you guys know why
my bedsheets are clearly on the lounge
sofa so last night I went out into town
with a few of my friends the people that
I went to New Zealand with my you know
close group of friends we're when I to
town had a good night I got a taxi back
here about quarter past qua pass through
in the morning and I went to my room and
instead of getting into bed
I brought my pillow and my sheet down
here and slept on the sofa last because
today is Friday and the electrician was
coming this morning he's been and he has
gone whilst I was in the gym making my
making my food as you go saw earlier
he's finished off all the work in my
room now which is absolutely brilliant
but there's a few problems can you see
what the problems are look at that
what what's going on that I'm on it
doesn't even work my OCD is going mad I
need to sort this room out now there we
go we're looking a hell of a lot fresher
and tidying now let me show you actually
what the electrician did so down here as
you can see we now have four proper
sockets for down here I used to just
have two sockets here and then have this
extension lead that extension lead and
then this extension lead running off it
these even put two more sockets in the
wall up here for all the networking gear
so all the networking gear has now its
own sockets which is absolutely
brilliant so our network is now running
off its own power instead of like loads
and loads and loads of electrical cables
literally I have this thing plugged into
this thing I don't know how I didn't
blow up and out know the setup this is
where things were looking a little bit
messy I've tried to clean it up a little
bit not going to go to mental on it
though because as you guys know we're
going to be redoing this very soon and I
can't wait so is even if we just go
behind the monitor as you can see is put
another double socket down here so now
it's four sockets behind the monitor so
it looks like that has all been taken
care of my room is now safe and not
going to set on fire we are ready to do
the series just need your guys feedback
first and then we can go
yeah uh yeah I probably need to sort
that out really um I'll I got a flat
tire this place is also a state as well
like my office is just a mess obviously
I had absolutely zero control over the
mess that was made at home for the mess
that is well my office at the moment
Exhibit A is simply downs we've been
doing so much work this week we're now
on Friday this week has been hectic in
the office of been in here every single
day I think and I just haven't had the
opportunity to tidy it sweet office
looking a lot tidier sound as a pound
that's all the office sorted out now I
can actually come here and work in a
clean environment that's what we need
because your work is only as good as the
environment it was created in and that
is something that I always stand for so
if you like things messy and that helps
you work then brilliant and if you don't
like me then that's fine do what you
need to do to get your work done and
just do it so many of you don't worry if
you've said I like to take this monitor
home put it on the desk show it in the
video we want to see if it's going to be
too big or too small to have three of
these three of them on the desk
I've got it back into my room and it
looks even bigger in here than it does
in my office okay so that's one of them
what we need to try and do is mark where
the points of the monitor are and then
move it round so if the edge of the
monitor is there guys I don't know like
literally it will just be like that the
whole way around it would be mental and
obviously that leaves no room for the
KRKs
this is gonna be an interesting one hey
Siri set the lights to 25% okay I set
all of the lights to 25
all right guys back in the car again I'm
all the way around to go pick up Barney
and we're gonna go and stay in Barney's
uh in Barney's flat tonight I think
we're gonna go in to just chill out and
have like a little a little bro sesh
here we go look just arrived at BOMs
crib welcome pretty a pretty swaggy to
say the least
but I'll set up there with a so no
surround sound pretty cozy pretty cush
day Oh me I was cooking steak earlier
and I'm trying to get a shot of me
making mistake
and I just turn around to get a knife
out the door right and I heard this and
literally it felt right onto the leg
with camera the camera flash drives the
lens I picked it up and it wasn't
autofocusing and I don't have to turned
it off to the backup what the budget we
get is start working again
honestly I was like trying to order
focus it you just wasn't also focusing I
was like no you're in the video hey hey
let's claw is an icon bar yeah I'd be
really disappointed last night I told
you I need you say that as soon as I
like the cameras like there then you do
it actually cute guys I'm going to end
today's video here hope you've enjoyed
it
- man Alex I'm going out with these guys
and I'll see you in tomorrow's video
adios
Oh
Oh
