to the audience but in a really
beautiful way it's like nothing that
happens a lot on the on YouTube is that
people like to put certain people into
categories and a category that I'm
ashamed to be a part of is the daily
vlogger category because everybody looks
at a daily vlogger and they think yeah
but you guys know what my videos are
like that and the same thing with me go
to the merge the majority of youtubers
which is a shame do their merchandise
for financial gain and you can tell
these people that do this because
they're the sort of people where the
designs of the merchandise are are
really really really really simple with
no forethought or any design elements to
them whatsoever and they also plug their
merch every three seconds of the video
right now my merch has been out now for
over a month almost four weeks and I'm a
daily vlogger and I haven't really done
a proper push for my merch telling you
guys about it but guys something some
things arrived
now guys you wanna buy your cock some of
my merch it shock dots Mars bar code at
UK and it's currently a 5% off in
January using this code but I want to
show you just a few little things that
make my merch just a little bit
different wait you see this you see this
that says Mars apparel on the label
these shirts these shirts a mine oh by
the way it's exact same on the hoodies
even even the order receipt has the has
the logo on it and for example this
design here you see these numbers these
numbers have a hidden meaning to them
for example this vertical design this is
something that holds close to my heart
because this is actually designed my
girlfriend did of my actual cat yeah she
drew this I think what I'm trying to say
is guys I'm not one of these youtubers
it's doing Merce just to gain a little
bit of cash to it out of the way guys
how are y'all doing is currently at
Thursday today welcome back to another
Mars bar flog guys been getting bored in
the office so well but I do absolutely
love it it's an absolutely gorgeous
office and it's a representation of me
maybe a representation of me this time
last year but 2018 well my goal is going
to be to make every single year better
than the previous year and that's gonna
be very difficult but this is my home
and I need to star here
lower baby angels altar
right there guys on the topic of making
the office more of a place for me more a
place that represents me this office
definitely shows the mental side to my
brain but my brain isn't just fully sort
of mental it has a lot of serious sides
to it and one of those serious sides is
video right easy guys what I've gone
ahead and done here is pulled up a power
socket for these LEDs up here as you can
see I have an LED strip going along
there and it also powers my security
camera now on this there's not enough
sockets left over so what I need is
something like this but this cable is
far too long so here's one I prepared
earlier there we go guys sweet look how
lit up I am right now how much better
does the shot look just with a little
bit of a line soon as I film so many
videos in this office having a permanent
light up there is gonna work wonders but
there's one problem that's probably mr.
every time I want to turn the light on
and off I've got to sort of try and well
just about reach that switch but if I
take it out plug that in now guys if I
press on them before on the magic remote
boom
so we're letting guys just left the
office going to the car park and I've
just looked at my car and I'm I'm just
thinking I want to open up a little bit
of a of a discussion about this right
now let's get your guys actual opinions
on the rap and show you guys in just a
little bit closer now a lot of people
thought oh I likes it doesn't look very
good because this is actually shiny know
the actual rap itself is it's matte so
the whole car is matte but I just want
to get your opinions I think they've
done a really good job on wrapping the
car as you can see like the splurgio's
go over the actual door mark so it all
looks uniform but I just want to know
what you guys think of it so let me know
down in the comments
so and I promise you guys that once a
week we're going to do a Q&A and that
was gonna be Q&A Sunday however we got
busy on Sunday with my friend Matt the
filmer Matt's and we flew some amazing
drones about 14,000 pounds with the
drones so I thought I'd kick it off with
the Q&A today and have the chill dog
let's get into your guys questions if
you don't follow me on Twitter this is
the tweeter put out and this is my
Twitter so go and follow me Oh
iPhone X giveaway on there very soon
first question hashtag ask Mars are you
going to make your new house entirely
Alexa forward-slash Google home voice
controlled and that's what you home for
you guys because I don't know I don't
know what to choose hey Google nothing I
don't know whether to use Google or
Alexei I'm not sure which one to use but
yes every single room will have one of
the devices in it and will be able to do
lights and curtains and everything it'll
be smart very very smart don't worry
about that what are you gonna do the
Christmas giveaway I get this question
quite a lot all of my replies on Twitter
or just Alex when's the iPhone X
giveaway and because I'm unfair guy I'm
gonna still open this giveaway to
everybody and still include the people
that constantly hassle me for when their
iPhone X giveaway to come and just stop
it's really really annoying so answer
your question it's been super super hard
to get hold of the iPhone X's here in
the UK I'm trying my best and as soon as
they arrive boom they'll be giving away
to you guys who would ruin a fight
between me and Elliot me and Jed and Jed
and Elliot I'd win against Jed and I'd
win against Elliot and Jed would win
against Elliot sorry bro will you get a
dog at the new house you know what I
really don't know I really really really
don't know if it would be a pain and
take too much of my time which I have
very little of at the moment you know I
don't know it just depends how things go
maybe I'll definitely be getting a cat
Bo what bluetooth headphones would you
recommend there's only one pair of
bluetooth headphones that I will ever
recommend a mask these the bose QC 35s
these are insane what I'm older I want
to be like you are thanks bro I don't
want to shoot promotional videos and
know how to start getting client
do free work that's all you need to do
not forever but start out do free work
right then guys that's gonna be it for
today's daily vlog I really do guys hope
you've enjoyed it
you have been filming guys with a little
snippet of my life and if by now you
haven't decided whether you want to buy
the merger or not I can't really
persuade you anymore if you would like
to guys it would be in the absolute
button to mean to be one way if you
enjoyed the content for you to give back
to me I love seeing you guys in the
merch so if you get some feel free to
tweet me a picture on snapchat me a
picture or anything anyway guys I'm
gonna shut up you guys have been filled
in with my day to day and guys I will
see you tomorrow for another daily daily
vlog and tomorrow's vlog is awesome
because I'm taking you around a virtual
tour of my new house so guys
