Wow to be just a quick one this morning
really apparently my hobby is 69 good
morning guys how is everybody doing my
name is Alec everybody's having a
fantastic day it's really really really
sunny today
just hit 12 o'clock midday let's get
today started first I need a shower I'm
going to this sort of routine where I
can't I don't feel like I could start a
day without having a shower but I just
feel like groggy alright okay shower so
guys today is a very very very happy day
for me and it's a big milestone a big
milestone
now just put a picture up on Instagram
if you don't follow me on Instagram it's
Alex Frommer's a le x FR om a RZ and
i've just said on instagram thank you
for 1 million 800 subscribers because
that's what I've just passed i'm just
passed through a chat it's got 1 million
800 subscribers if i combine all three
of my channels there's how many
subscribers i have thank you so much
thank you
so obviously I'm very very very aware
that a lot of these subscribers are
duplicates like maybe one of you is
subscribe to all three of my channels
I don't know I'm assuming that probably
the main majority of you are subscribed
to all three of my channels but still
nonetheless it's a milestone and one
that I need to thank you guys from the
bottom of my heart for I really really
really appreciate it
thank you very much thank you so what I
want to do today we're gonna need to do
today you guys can't even see me
see this white box up here this there's
a speaker's an outdoor speaker it's an
environmental speaker it's meant to stay
outside which is it's been mounted up
here for the past year and a half when I
put it there but now the microphone I
have installed on my camera is only a
mono microphone it doesn't do stereo
left and right but if I show you you can
hear
and that one's work in but then when we
go over here we've got absolutely
nothing
the erosion inside there
ooh that's vile right let's get that
cleaned out
so yeah that's made me happy and what
it's a fix that was so long I finally
got a nice afternoon to do it and it's
all fixed brilliant the traffic so bad
like it's not even liven late and the
top things are got a tire I literally
haven't been in Currys since I got back
from New Zealand when I bought my TV for
the office it was two-and-a-half
thousand pounds right they've come down
so much in price because what I think I
want to try and do is when we redo the
setup in the main house get a new TV and
include that in it poverty and what you
guys to choose the TV because you guys
are doing the whole thing so they're
just crazy all of these TV is just
mental look at this one sixty inches
sixty inches that was interesting just
to take a look at all the TVs and stuff
but I need to get off because I've
actually got another meeting with
Logitech ah this will be fun please wait
for the host to start this meeting
very professional hey no Skype no
messing about
there we go meeting all over and
finished with Logitech I've got another
meeting with them on Monday at 5 p.m. so
I need to do that one as well we're
talking a lot about end-to-end user
experience and how to well me being a
user of the product gives them some
feedback that's exactly what I'm doing
right now and I'm giving them feedback
on the logy circle camera at the moment
because I have a few little ideas which
may make the camera a lot better so
that's what we're talking about it's
quite chill and really cool but I get to
talks about you take about this awesome
anyway still no news on the phones they
haven't arrived and I mean
delivered anytime soon not sure what to
do really want to give these iPhone and
sevens away for you guys but I don't
have the phones yet so there's no put me
giving them away
until I have the phones but well it's a
slip wraps have sent up some awesome
skin so I'm gonna wrap the phones in
mild bar skins before I send them out
did I mention to you guys as well
it'll mentions you that I wanted to
actually put a phone number on the
phones I'm giving away to the people
that received the phones the lucky
winners will have a chance to ring me
and that's a cool idea I want to put
that together and I'm really really
really at the moment guys hopefully it's
coming through I'm really trying to make
an effort on trying to be as interactive
as possible because I think that's what
YouTube is all about it's not just about
like putting a video out and then that's
it like you just meant to be interactive
and I need to interact with the audience
and that's what I'm really trying to do
at the moment so hopefully you guys can
sort of tell that those giveaways coming
and it's really cool oh no easy act back
at it again rugged power bank look at
the thing out the box oh Jesus
go right on it and everything okay guys
meet the power bank that is waterproof
dustproof shockproof and can't be
immersed in the one meter of water for
30 minutes with an ip67 rating and a
rugged design with the power bank
officially was this water mud pumps and
outdoor activities with waterproof lid
enclosed sweet easy act thanks for the
presence the present guys I appreciate
it tomorrow what I'm gonna do so got
some free time tomorrow I'm gonna tailor
my nectar back to my house and put it on
the desk and just see how it looks you
can see how it looks so we just got back
home the electricians bailed on me today
the electricians are coming back
tomorrow hopefully to finish off all of
their electric work than they're doing
that I've got them to come and do so you
can make sure this room is all fun
double dozy for one we do it all as you
can see all my monitors are like kind of
kind of like skewed with and like not
together oh you see that back one there
they're also gonna be taking these
monitors off and putting another double
socket here so there's not
this mess so hopefully it'll look a lot
cleaner so guys I'm getting them to do
the work make sure it's all perfect when
we do it and I might as well just
include the link in the description and
the comments section of this video as
well so by the time this videos live
there'll be a video live on my mars bar
channel talking about how we're able to
do all of this and how you guys can
submit your ideas to the ultimate setup
and it's pretty much it's gonna be
through a link to a page on QT where i'm
gonna be looking at what you guys are
saying so I'll put a link in the
description and comments section of this
video as well as the video on Mars bar
but guys I haven't spent a lot of time
with my brother this past week because
I've been so busy and he loves to go
play football and everything in the
garden so I'm gonna go and ask him if he
wants to play some football and stuff
and go chill out in the gardens it's
such a nice evening this evening and so
yeah I'm gonna end today's vlog here -
nice you guys been awesome stay awesome
keep smiling and I'll see you in
tomorrow's video adios
