good morning guys how we are doing my
name is Alex I've just got back from
Clara's house I'll let you guys know
last night that was actually going out
and I actually had a really good time I
really enjoyed it going up and seeing
everyone sort of totally everyone was
there
I need a shower though come back to my
room looking a little bit like this
though this cable here okay we've got
the electrician in the loft I've had a
few problems like a few of you this is a
big problem so you guys know that
usually when I walk into this room all
my lights come on and usually my
computers turned on usually everything
is turned on but at the moment it's not
and there's lots of cables everywhere in
here okay pretty much you guys know I'm
trying to redo Guil to myself and it's
gonna be a video that we're gonna be
doing we're doing a series I'm reading
this ultimate setup right okay there's a
plug socket down there you can see it
just down there that single plug socket
runs everything in here absolutely
everything and it's getting overloaded
so the electricians here and he's
putting more plug sockets in for me so
when we redo the ultimate set up in the
next few weeks we're gonna have more
plug sockets to work with and it will be
safe and nothing will set on fire
it's been a bit of a problem because the
flip boards been going off and
apparently there's a wire up in the roof
that literally burn because there's that
much like electricity stuff going on so
it's a serious thing so I'm glad it's
getting sorted out today that's good
right just got a going posters parcel
and then we'll be underway
you ready haha super super super super
super busy afternoon this afternoon I
have got to record a tech flow video
about room rolled over the lg monitor
it's just subtle it's my it's just
massive it's just like it's just too big
just like it's just huge so I'm gonna
plug it into this ps4 which I've got
here try and play some games on it and
do like a little review on tech flow I
want to record a video for the main
channel because it's been way too long
so one do two videos today and then I
also run a record of logs about three
videos today and I'm order I edited
yesterday's video this morning so that's
four videos in one day huh and they also
really want to open this because I think
it's from slick raps hmm
system slick raps what are they sent me
now the sneaky Devils
what are these bad boys eh these these
are iPhone 7 Mars bar skins aren't they
like that legitimately how's my Mars bar
logo on there that's amazing okay
slit wraps that's cool oh and if they're
gonna be for sale up my mars bar ones or
if they're gonna be for sale on the
slick wraps website that that's cool
slick wraps thank you the skins I really
appreciate it these are really cool
thank you very much hopefully they're
read up on the website soon and
hopefully I can actually get my goddamn
phones to put the skins on because that
would really help right I don't start
getting some b-roll for the tech flow
video for this monitor and I'm gonna do
that now with the aid of the a 6300
this mid-afternoon and I haven't stopped
on my stomach hurts so much
I'm so hungry so hungry like
unbelievably hungry that hungry I'm
contemplating why I'm here still tell
you guys I'm hungry oh I've got a really
dry mouth I'm gonna work myself to death
if I don't stop and I also told you guys
I've got a lot of videos that I needed
to record today I've also gotta go back
home right now and record a video for
the main channel right the tech flow
video is rendering out I am almost ready
to go this parcel arrived I don't know
what it is I don't have time to have it
now we'll open it tomorrow guys let's go
home sorry vegans
guys I've seen too many editing
software's and too many bits of camera
equipment today you know my god this
last week has just been absolutely video
mad absolutely video mad the reason I've
had to rush home and do this main
Channel video super quick is because
I've been waiting for a sponsor to come
and sponsor the new series that I want
to do for the father for these a bit
rebuilding the ultimate set up right and
we went for the sponsor for so long and
the finest that I like so we can do it
so I wanted to come back and do it like
as soon as I could because we're waiting
so long to do this with you guys I've
wanted to read it this out for
absolutely ages and do it like as a
community and I've been a tech flow
video today and I was gonna try and vlog
today and then they've reached out to me
was like we want to sponsor the video so
you get me so today technically I've
edited yesterday's vlog and uploaded it
I've made a tech flow video and I have
made a main channel video and I'm
recording a vlog that's four videos in
one day oh I'm dying and this is what we
call multitasking
I'm currently rendering out the main
channel video right now my main computer
and then this here is this is remote
desktop to the editing PC in the office
so I'm actually controlling the PC in
the office right now from this computer
here so I've got two videos currently
exporting perhaps to be uploaded oh I
want to go for a run I just don't think
I've got the energy
no I like to know I like to know I like
she don't stop sweet you may have
noticed recently guys I've been looking
like a lot more tired in in these videos
a lot more rundown and that is that is
simply because I am at the moment in my
life I'm doing far too much but the
reason I'm doing far too much is it is
exactly because I wanting I saw
something just as I arrived back in
England when I just finished my trip
from New Zealand and it was talking
about getting results out of anything
you want in life getting results but it
has to do with your dreams your passions
or just let's say just getting fit and
what I pretty much said is you can't
kind of want to get fit you can't kind
of want some
because if you kind of want something
you're only gonna kind of get it yeah
you're not gonna get the full thing
you're not gonna get what your any kind
of want it you only gonna kind of get
what you want
and then if you if you take that same
rule and put that to I want it if you
want something you'll get if you want it
enough you will get and the one thing as
I've always said in his life is I just
want to die knowing they've got no
regrets now two of the main things I
want to do at the moment is push my
business entertain people on YouTube and
get in shape those are three of my main
goals at the moment as well as
maintaining healthy friendships and a
healthy lifestyle and a healthy family
those are my only like ambitions and
goals at the moment in life so I'm
trying to go out and see people more I'm
trying to get in shape I'm making loads
of content on YouTube as much as I can
before I physically explode people have
been saying in the comment section I
actually look run-down may get some
sleep Alec stop vlogging if you want for
a week take a week off just chill out
mate what you're doing I don't want to
chill out I want to keep going and I
want to push myself when I push my so
right to the edge because if you don't
push yourself what's the point I heard
something the other day that said if
you're not struggling you're not doing
it right
and that nail on the head but guys it's
11:50 I've worked my ass off all day
today guys and I need some much deserved
rest so for now my name's Ben Alex you
guys been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling I love you all to pieces
and I'll see you in my next video adios
