good morning guys how we are doing my
name is of course Alex hey all right
Aiden so today's episode is gonna be a
little bit about relationships I'm
seeing a good friend Barney later today
and I say oh good friend Barney I've
been friends with Barney for the last
seven eight years and we've I never
fallen out with we're literally just
like brothers is the one I went to New
Zealand with well he was already in
Australia in New Zealand Darwin had to
see him he's now flown back and he's
back in England and I haven't like
properly seen him or spent any proper
time like one-on-one with him in like
the last year which is mental
considering he's been like my best mate
so yeah that's gonna be good to see him
today and I've got a few good mates and
you know you've got a good mate when you
know what you say right I'm gonna see
them and you can't wait to see them like
you want the times have come quicker
that's when you know you've got a good
solid mate okay and then you've got the
people right this is gonna be a
brilliant explanation for this is if
this is what I think it is inside this
parcel this is gonna be a brilliant
explanation let me open this and then I
can explain to you something quite
important this is a solid-state drive an
SSD 256 gigabytes for those of you that
don't really know that much about
computers you can put one of these in
your computer and replace it with the
hard drive in your computer and it will
make your computer a lot better and a
lot faster in simple terms okay this is
what this device does they're usually
quite expensive I pick this up on eBay
got an absolute steal for 35 quid and to
be honest this thing doesn't need
speeding up my main computer is an
absolute beast this doesn't need
speeding up so Alex why did you buy the
SSD then who's it for what have you
bought it well I actually bought it for
someone very close to me very very very
very very close to me and I was gonna
put it in their their personal computing
device and I was gonna do it as a
surprise
and I was just going to surprise them
and be a nice friend and just install
this in there in there yeah just to be a
nice guy and it's got a long story short
the last few days they've treated me
like absolute dross absolutely and it's
like kind of heartbreaking to know that
like you you'd go and do these sorts of
things for people and I put a tweet out
about it the other day people don't
realize or see how hard other people
work and how hard other people try and
how much effort people make like it's a
massive bill sweet nice well at least
I've got an SSD for myself now in case I
need in case I need one it was any 35
quid so I've got a good deal on it I
know you guys let's get into today's
blog I've been in the gym this morning
it's just hits 12 o'clock in the
afternoon that's crazy isn't it I'm
doing well on this I was in the gym
yesterday morning I went for a run
yesterday night and I've been in the gym
again this morning I need to keep this
up because honestly between you and me
I've been eating like really bad stuff
like really bad ever since I went to New
Zealand and I just feel and what I don't
feel right in my body I need to make a
change I just do it's not good right
let's start today's vlog
it's the best bit the whole store or the
lightbulb it but I'm not here for light
bulbs or lights well I am kind of whiny
there's a nice bit of let's put a three
core flex some of these actually to be
fair I leave that I reckon that all work
that will just work growing it okay
it's just dawned on me that I haven't
actually told you guys what I'm doing
with this stuff that have your spot
should I tell you now I'm gonna wait I'm
gonna wait it's like quarter to two
right now
and Barney's coming to mind two o'clock
so I don't have time to go to install it
now I'm going to still it later on today
gonna go meet Barney now just a mistake
try and bring him friend Tom and Barney
to come and see the offices for the
first time so it's a bit it's a bit
messy it is quite messy
what is there yeah most of its fresh
this week this week and we're trying to
work out which nights to get on
fractures is what is pressure pressure
just like you for people with when they
go to uni it's like that first year in
uni it's the first week isn't it yes so
when you're in fresher
when you're fresher you're like a uni
peasant but you're just like a your new
to you basically new to you isn't it so
basically everyone goes down that first
week and gets really really drunk and
hair elastic and this basically events
on every night this week isn't there in
my town so we're trying to work out none
of us go to uni which is trying to work
out which event to go to and so far the
plan is all of them
all right guys need to go because if I
was allowed me to do so yeah well
normally to go me there is look at him
that was really really really nice spent
the afternoon with Barney and well with
a friend called Tom showed the
and the offers they absolutely loved it
but as I told you guys we've got stuff
to do today I've had to tell him to go
yeah it's all right for you isn't it
mate yeah you've got nothing to do all
day
yeah hmm first I went to the shops and
picked up some tablets and some cream
because there yeah guys thanks for
letting me know I really appreciate it
you know what to do I do wake up every
morning and I do look in this mirror I
am aware of what I look like and I am
also aware that ever since I went to New
Zealand attack of the spots has just
destroyed my face I'm aware I do look at
myself I don't need you guys to tell me
thank you very much I am aware so I'm
slowly trying to sort it out guys trust
me I'm on I'm working on it right okay
I'm back here now I've seen my friends
now it's time to get some work done I
can do any work I need to tidy this
place up a little bit because there's
stuff everywhere and I mean everywhere
there we go we must look a little bit
more respectable so here we go
I've got the items I thought I was gonna
have to build an extension lead but it
turns out they have the perfect sized
one
ready free bill and I don't want this
you see these black things here black
things hanging down yeah no no no no we
don't want that this will solve that so
the first plan of action is to get this
mounted up there somehow now let me show
you guys a quick trick on how to do or
mount things like this to the wall right
get some electric tape or any type of
tape really I've hardly got any left
you'll need a little bit and then put it
over both of the holes like that find
yourself a pen mark out a little cross
where you want to drill the hole
Kable to be and then you could to go to
mount your extension cord simple apps
put both of the lights into the
extension cord over here and then press
number one on here Oh sick now as soon
as I come into the office I can just
press the button on here and it puts
them on no messing about now the device
that lets me do that
let's return them on from the remote is
this little thing that's plugged in down
here okay that life sick
so that's gonna be it for today guys you
know what if I close the door just
because of the amount of clothes that
are in here how good is the the audio
quality like just because it's like so
padded it just sounds so good to me if
I'm gonna walk out here now and you guys
are gonna be like Alex it sounds no
different but anyway yes you probably
noticed I've got a shirt on I'm gonna go
out tonight guys which is really cool
never really get the opportunity to go
out and I'm actually going out with an
old friend or few old friends which I
haven't see well one old friend which
you haven't seen for quite awhile we
wish to speak all the time and then sort
of like fizzled out a bit and then now
yeah we're gonna go and chill tonight
and I meet with Toby you guys know
Toby's gonna be a few other people out
that I know so it's gonna be a good
night obviously freshest Rabat I think
behind he tried to explain it to you
guys earlier if I didn't include it I'll
include a little bit of it now but yeah
that's pretty much freshers and it's
like all unique id's are around so they
make all of the all of the the clubs
pretty pretty full and pretty bangin is
the best way to explain it to you guys
but anyway you're gonna go and
experience that tonight for the first
time but for now my name's Ben Alex you
guys have been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
video yes
