good afternoon guys how are you all
doing my name is course Alex welcome
back to another daily vlog today so far
has been absolutely mental I woke up
this morning Toby left the house I then
Jade off to a client's house did some
filming for them came back wrote up a
brief this is the brief as to which
other written up then you go saw I went
to the gym I had a shower then have some
food now I'm here whoa was it unhooked
and all about this morning I don't know
how but I need to get all of this edited
by tomorrow and there's a few pages of
my brief here which I hadn't f which
I've written up um Oh God so I need to
find some time to edit that today before
my client but guys the grind never stops
we never stop working we never never
stop let's go
are you talking about gorgeous day love
it
ah this mom came up to me it is her son
was around the corner he wouldn't want
to meet me that's him the kid was
literally shaking like let's see yeah he
went green so now it's awesome little
thing it's fully charged and we can ah
that's so cool this is going to be so
cool for doing products like product
videos intake clothes put it there and
then like look how cool that speaker
looks now so for like attempting to
showcase products and stuff in tech flow
videos and doing b-roll as far as b-roll
is concerned that is cool
okay so I've just got to the office
managed to sit down mid-afternoon here
and it's GoPros livestream this is
Crosley live on GoPros website right now
and it's their keynote much like Apple
do when they release new products GoPro
do the exact same thing very Apple s
they have a stage of people there and
they unveil the new products and they've
got now the GoPro 5 black with 4k it's
don't need a house on it to put to be
waterproof so you can put it straight in
water and it has obviously 4k and the 4k
is stabilized as well so look how smooth
this is the place like look how smooth
it is
so the GoPro has built-in stabilization
which is cool and it just released their
brand new drone called the GoPro Karma
how amazing is that a drone from GoPro
so there we go the stream has just ended
that was cool well done GoPro
now the annoying thing is I don't really
know when boxes it's probably not the
safest thing I've ever done but he'll do
LG always covering for me look at them
including the travel adapter as well
brilliant handling guide accessory kit
power cable stand more stand well this
is the monitor and it's about the same
size as me by a little LG and all their
products but can these things get any
goddamn bigger look at that oh my god
like so and then it just clips in and
that's it done oh my gosh this thing is
Shirish I didn't miss any bigger than
these ones but it's huge
these things are massive I don't see
don't know me bigger than these ones
yeah okay it's definitely bigger quite a
bit bigger it's absolutely massive oh my
gosh haha holy wow that's mad that it
has absolute mass okay
that thing Wow Wow
that right is why I want to I want two
more of them to do three of them on my
desk at home but honestly I'm thinking
it's gonna be too big with three on
think to have three those you should go
with far too big I want you to put three
of these monitors on my desk it hanging
right it will be cool it would also be
unnecessary and it would also be very
very very very much overkill but I don't
think I'm gonna be able to do it I'm
gonna put a picture of this on Twitter
I'm gonna I'm gonna caption it it's
massive
and let's see what you guys say
literally let's do it now there we go
I've mentioned it that's what she said
that's what she said the first time I've
heard that that's what she said that's
what she said that's what she okay
35 of our peaches long okay my petrol
thing is on that side and I've had to
park with the pump thing this side
because the thing is so full and it's
gonna be so awkward right
oh no this guy's doing the same thing
there he goes 35 inches got one so a bit
of simple math 35 times 3 is 105 so way
to work out 105 inches oh no I'm gonna
do I'm just gonna see how long the desk
is first both see at the same time how
long the desk is right the monitors are
gonna be a hundred and five all right
you ready oh my days
oh no it's not gonna work actually
actually wait a minute it could because
that's 105 and it's only a little bit
off and if you think about it they're
curved monitors so that's the ergonomic
you have a curve and if you think about
it I'm not gonna have them in a straight
line I'm rather gonna be they're gonna
be like kind of curved like that so you
know what I think this would work it
would work this definitely will work but
then that means I won't be able to have
the K arcades cuz the cow Kelly's take
up so much space right guys what I'm
gonna go ahead and do right it's make a
mars bar ultimate set up cutie in the
description right and you guys go on
there and leave your feedback on what
you think we should do in regards to the
monitors or what you think we could add
or what you think we should take away or
what you think of this and what you
think of that and let me know what you
think we should do in this room too as I
said before if you're not on QT make
sure you signed up pretty much right
that the QT is so hard to explain I was
good to try and do it briefly accuse my
social media network right and I'm gonna
create a page and you guys could create
pages and anything if you like I'm going
to create a page about my setup pretty
much you guys can go on and leave a
comment we can do polls and different
things like that and it just looks
really cool that's what QT is so go and
click on the description you guys can
leave comments on what you think we
should do with this setup
and there we go three hours later and
we're sending my client their product
this probably isn't the best idea it's
like 11 o'clock right now I've been
working enough three hours and I've been
sat down for so long so we just need to
do it I'm gonna go for a run it's pitch
black outside but quick three miles
Conor anyone 30.3 miles at 7:38
pretty good for being pitch black
outside though go guys I'm gonna call it
quits now my voice is actually going
which is hopefully not gonna impact
tomorrow hopefully I feel a little bit
better I'm gonna have a bath now I'm
gonna be a big girl and I'm a massive
bath and then I'm gonna sit down and
probably no correlation to me being in
the bath or anything but I'm probably
gonna watch some idubbbz guardship who
said that I'm honestly not big on all of
the drama stuff that's going on a new
tube like I just don't really care for
it but idubbbz like I watch out of stuff
because he's just like a funny guy and
the thing is like he's just like I
doesn't he's just having a laugh through
the whole thing and I can just tell that
he's just having a laugh when he just
doesn't even care as well that's what I
find so funny about him he's just like
they're just just chilling he's just
killing and it just makes like genuinely
funny content and I just kind of enjoy
it
so yeah I'm gonna do that now and then
I'm gonna go to bed and wait for you
again for you guys so with that being
said my name's Ben Alex you guys been
awesome stay awesome keep smiling I'll
catch you in tomorrow's video yes
