power station
good morning guys how y'all doing it's
Sunday and I'm late what could I be late
for on a Sunday just got now another
meeting with the Qt team I've arrived at
one of the people's houses right now and
also those will happen you don't even
leave it we do you understand why oh god
don't feel like it's do not performing
monkey but your wife your next factors
you go except that right yeah so let's
go to
i crack a smile we will start to mama
just got back that's mental okay how
mental was that pretty much what i've
just been doing this afternoon totally
destroys all the rules we've set out for
the sunday vlogs we said that the sunday
vlogs were meant to be chilled we
weren't really meant to be doing
anything we're going to sit down chat
and just talk some stuff and maybe over
some stuff from the p.o box like not big
stuff but the smaller stuff from the
pier box in the sunday vlogs and that is
not what I've done today so as you guys
saw this morning I woke up I was in the
car I came back from Barney's house we'd
been out the night before got back home
but then prepared for a meeting with the
CEO of QT troubled ran to his house went
through his door and then it turns out
yeah it turns out James god damn Wilson
is there James Wilson's there now if
you're a little bit out the loop James
Wilson well right now right now as i'm
recording this segment of the vlog he's
currently on X Factor he's on X Factor
and wow do I teamed up with him and
recorded a little bit of a music video
literally all I did was have this camera
put that like that that like that and
then just video to him like that and it
turned out pretty good so that was a
super cool super top-secret kind of
thing for me to do which is absolutely
awesome so now I can say I've well
technically I've worked for him which is
really cool so that is why my sunday is
not a chill send anymore because I've
just done some work for someone if you
want to check out the video i shot for
him it's only very short i'll put a link
to it in the description I think there's
also going to be an X Factor cutie on
there so if you guys that do watch X
Factor you can let me know what you
think because personally I don't watch x
factor but I'd love to know your guys
opinions
can't stop the work my dad just doesn't
feel right if I don't do something at
least a tiny little bit productive some
day in the office I've already filmed
for someone who's famous today right
let's get to work oh we go about this
little bad boy look at it so cute what
I'm wanting to try and do is to figure
out a way let's figure out a way of how
I'm going to get electricity up to here
for the lights we want to install look
at this look I just plug this thing into
or I put the charger into the wall and
it's green and then when it's not
charged it goes red and I'm assuming
when it's charged it goes green for this
thing it's so cool look at it far as
this is concerned and yes I do need a
sofa do me a favor guys go and find a
sofa like a small sofa and link me on
Twitter one that you think would look
cool in here call for the live streaming
ring and then once we have the sofa here
we're pretty much set up I should to get
rid of these two cables the what I'm
thinking is running an extension lead
and having extensional II just hidden up
here and the running the cable sort of
down here all the way down there down
there and then underneath that radiator
this underneath the breakfast bar I
think that would be the best plan of
action for this setup just need to go
and find a longer extension cable
so heavy oh my god Shaq oh it's upside
down oh my would you just look at that
okay this monitor is apparently the best
monitor ever 38 you see 99 38 inches
ultra-wide porque USBC bluetooth audio
for some bizarre reason and you know
what you can't go wrong with a bit of
rich bass let's type the model number in
here 38 you see 99 38 you see 99 look
there it is that is what's in there but
don't quite fancy unboxing it just yet
because i want to unbox it tomorrow i
want to come back here tomorrow on boxes
pad boy and see what it's all about
that's what i want to do tomorrow
because the days went to be our chilled
lock and that's what it's gonna be yeah
i know you're cute and everything i'm
gonna turn you off like that changes the
color doesn't do anything there we go
I'm gonna leave you on charge please
don't burn down my office and I'm gonna
be back for you tomorrow
we start with inhale exhale inhale
deeply as we rise into your toes and
stretch arms hostage exhale lower the
heels so little arms out and down ok
Toby has just gone off to the spare room
and usually if you're an avid watch of
my blogs and you watch any of the sunday
vlogs you'll know that I usually speak
really quiet because I'm like Toby's
gone to the spare room when he's trying
to sleep and I don't want to wake him up
but I asked him tonight I was like me
can you hear me when I'm vlogging when
you're asleep or when you indeed the
room is like I didn't even know you were
vlogging so obviously i'm just gonna
speak at normal volume because you just
can't hear me so that's that we enjoy
our pizza we enjoyed our ice cream i
have since then taking it downstairs to
the bins managed to link up my spotify
to the TV so i've got all my music here
which is a brilliant a lot of you guys
asked me what my spotify is if you want
to follow me there's the deets and then
this is a little setup which Toby uses
and obviously that's myself we managed
to play it oh my god that light just
fell down we managed to play a few games
of League last night this is quite cool
so obviously that's my computer I know
this close shouldn't be there that's
really not a good idea is Alex this is
the other set up that runs Toby's
computer it's literally just a big
gaming laptop at the back here with a
USB cable and an hdmi cable and
literally it's that powerful it's like
this computer and out here I just have
it connected to a USB hubs as a few USB
ports in there and then just down here
look if you can see that there's
actually a hdmi coupler so we can put
the monitoring so that is how we get to
pcs running out here by using the gaming
laptop and this computer well that was
quite interesting cuz Toby used to bring
his mac and used to game play league of
legends on his mac who games on a mac
but anyway guys I'm gonna leave today's
episode short here we do need to do
something on this board though here's my
little motivational board but I did and
as you can see I've got some goals down
here I've done Australia and I've done
New Zealand do I can you know just cross
cross these two off now I love setting
goals and smashing them that's one of my
favorite things to do in life absolutely
love it but anyway guys for now mine is
Ben Alex
guys been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
video
my
you
