good morning guys how are your doing my
name is Alex welcome to my Saturday two
jobs I need to do first one of them
doing that now the second job
sweet second job done Roos tidy has done
kinda let's get on with today so first
in news we've got the iPhone 7 that I
picked up yesterday I haven't really
been using it all that much to be honest
with you it's kind of just been sat
there to be fair though that is the one
I'm giving away it's not my actual phone
so I don't want to preload anything on
it saying that I have put speed tests
but if I am Facebook on there but what I
was thinking when I do the giveaway
whoever wins the phone I'm gonna have
the phone like logged in I'm gonna fill
the camera roll with a load of selfies
of me and also there's gonna be one
contact number in there and what I'm
gonna do is buy like a pay-as-you-go SIM
card I'm gonna put the number for that
pay-as-you-go SIM card in that phone
when I give it away and then the winner
can ring me when he gets his phone how
cool would that be still not sure how
I'm gonna run the giveaway yet so just
stay tuned so as well as the winner
winning an iPhone 7 they're also gonna
win the chance to win the chance the
winter chance to win the chance to win
the chance to ring me and they're also
going to get those are selfies in the
camera roll of me
maybe however it's still no update on my
two phones the jet black and the black 7
pluses heard nothing from storm front so
don't know where they are probably not
gonna get them until after Christmas
sweet
Oh guys right just before I came to the
office I went to Asda right just over
the road
Oh in there just to get a few bits
because this afternoon I'm driving all
the way to Manchester with Maria to take
her to University and as I was driving
through as the carpark there's a really
tight Bend and this what I believed to
be a Ford Escort came round this Bend
really fast and almost smashed into the
front of me
so I think just like gave him the signal
out I just went slow down as we run
around the corner really slowly he
rolled his window down and just
literally looked me in the eye right
this is a middle-aged man right a
middle-aged man just looked at me and
just went like he just did that she just
went oh I'm sorry his wife was in the
front seat his kids are in the back as
well that's just no way to say anything
to anyone he must be a troubled guy
I haven't even told you the best part
yet it did the swearing at me right so I
just went and is laughed right in his
face right here then proceeded to get
his car so hide it what was he gonna do
I keep my car I was gonna do I think you
wanted a 1v1 and that's the car party
right let's have a look at it shall we
so it's safe to say we've had a few bits
arrive at the office
oh I mean a few bits okay this is cool
this is cool right
we'll see about opening that today but
as we always do small packages first
Alex finally closed your copy of PR week
your interview looks great Oh guys check
this out I'm in this magazine okay maybe
I'm not been a mars bar blogs shook him
Hey look there's there's pointlessblog
shout out to alfie deyes
whatever it it's me shake me that's cool
okay now that life is cool and Jack May
is on the front page Jack you've made it
mate well done this has come all the way
from Hong Kong what is this what the
hell is in here
whoa whoa whoa whoa hold on a sec bye
it's cool why is that so cool why the
colors so beautiful why do I like it so
much
ah a little USB cable and then it sits
on there and that charge is it that's
genius
it's a court zu zu e zu z zu z hi Susie
how you doing right Susie you are really
cool but I need to go okay LG you're
gonna have to wait for tomorrow or
something because I'm in a major Russian
accountant box right now zhu zhu zhu zi
and that that's cool
both of these things and you guys you
guys are cool as well not that guy in
the car park he wasn't cool thank you
guys
don't watch the car drivers you feel
upset city cut you can't watch the car
driver but she'll get upset the
psychological thing is you're saying
goodbye to all that was to you I'm
leaving then sweet there we go just
spend like four and a half hours in the
car today pretty much managed to get
yesterday's vlog edited in the car and
uploaded on on on a bit of 4G we took
Maria to to her uni accommodation
sorting out her hue new roommate she was
all sold in there me and her mum go back
and now I'm just leaving their house I'm
in my car driving home so it's been been
a bit of a been a bit of a strange day
this one long day in the car and a lot
of unpacking boxes and different bits
and bobs like that but it's been them
been pretty fun and there's been an
experience nonetheless and now I'm
pretty much girlfriendless well I'm not
I've got a girlfriend but I can't see
yeah that sucks in it super super pink
whoa there we go I'm home right now here
it is the big news
haha this is big this this is big I did
tell you guys that I'm gonna start
streaming soon and I told you that it's
gonna be when we go to uni and now she's
at uni and now I'm gonna start streaming
again I'm gonna start to streaming again
like like I'm not talking like a little
stream every now and again I want to get
a schedule going I want to get a proper
proper schedule going like I don't know
Thursday evenings and Sundays evenings I
don't know I don't wanna do it properly
and I want to start scheduling it and I
want to start play some games of you
guys and interacting me you and I'm all
level than just the youtube comment
section or QT so we're gonna start doing
it guys
we are and I think I'm gonna try and aim
for Mondays and Wednesdays I think I'm
gonna try a name for that but I think
I'm gonna try a name for those two days
with some look hopefully I need to sort
out my life gym software get it all up
and running make yourself like streaming
and good high definition HD quality
60fps glory nough stood on that which
I'll probably get around to doing like
tomorrow or Monday we could start
streaming and we can get this thing
going we can get the ball rolling but
let me tell you guys right off the bat
all you guys to know this I want you to
know it or what it drilled in your head
obviously I'm gonna be live streaming on
Twitch I'm gonna do the odd livestream
where I'm playing games and I got a
blood stream where I'm sitting there
just trying to you guys and I want to
let you guys know that when I'm playing
the games I'm not a very good game
despite what my setup might suggest I
don't play any games whatsoever except
for a little bit of League of Legends
every Sunday maybe for like one game
like once a week I play one game of
League of Legends if I get time I never
get time to play any games with my work
and what I do in my lifestyle I just
don't have any time to fit in any gaming
at all and I'm used to be an avid gamer
but I used to be a Call of Duty ranking
up to press each level whatever and the
easiest is to be on that all the time
but now I haven't played games in years
and so you can't laugh at me when I'm
doing really bad
and yeah that's it that's the news
hopefully that's gonna be fun for us so
guys make sure you follow my twitch in
the description right it's out in the
open now my name's Ben Alex you guys
have been awesome I might be going to
upload event and I'll see you in my next
video adios by the way in my outro I'm
gonna give you guys a little snippet of
information I just said something then
hopefully khandaan to it again adios
