this is it today is the big day
today is the big day it's the big day
today good morning guys how we all doing
my name is alex is extremely early in
the morning right now I've got up to get
some breakfast got myself a panel
chocolate and a cross on because I'm a I
don't even know what to say we're gonna
go this morning and try and pick up my
pre-orders for my iphone 7 iphone 7 s
I've ordered multiple iPhone 7s a few to
give away for you guys there's not just
one there's a few let's go pick him up
look at they're stuck in traffic and the
DPD vans are out in absolute force today
a guarantee that DPD van is full of
iPhone 7s probably has fully arrived
parked up in Lincoln gonna go to the
angel get a coffee use the toilet then
go to Apple
okay success kind of I've got one phone
one phone and it's not my pre-order I
just bought this one
none of the three orders
sorry it's running and I've just ran to
the car looking at the way that's awful
today none of my pre-orders arrived in
store which is brilliant
thank you stop for an appreciate you
know it's not something's mad that
they're not storm fronts fault I
understand
iPhone 7 rose gold but it's the smaller
one 32 gig this is gonna be one of the
ones that are hopefully I'm gonna give
away for you guys look at that look they
have a new little pull tab on the box
check it right I need to make a few
phone calls to see if I can pick one up
somewhere else but I don't think I'm
gonna be able to because the guys in the
Apple store said this is a massive
launch one of the biggest ones yeah and
everywhere is gonna be sold out but I'm
gonna try my best I need to ask do you
know you don't buy a stock do you okay
I've just got home I've driven home so
slowly because it's absolutely chucking
it down it's taking me like 45 minutes
to get home I've got the bag run for the
door hey you okay why you still in bed
are you seriously dragging me back to
your house yes but I want to open my
phone do you want bacon I have never
used this before but soon as it is
absolutely chucking it down this is
who's me a bit of time does it got him
I'm gonna go to the office and unbox
this thing do a tech flow video on it
because this this is cool oh my god okay
there's a lot of stuff there quite a
fair bit of stuff there
came to record a video on the iPhone 7
but really related with packages Wow
okay okay okay this I promise jail
jeepers the amount of times you guys
said Alex
LGR sending you anything are they this
this it's not even out yet not even out
to the public yeah apparently it's
amazing hello and welcome to the ship
there we go check that look just blowing
the candles out but those are smoke
still inside of these things look at
them
there we go I have just edited up well
it's currently rendering right now the
iPhone 7 and unboxing and first look
type video that's gonna be going that's
gonna be going up on tech flow it'll be
up by the time you guys are seeing this
eye-for-an-eye tation on screen or a
link in the description right now you
can go check out my first reaction that
opening it everyone takes low ah
this was the little lights out hard I
had a camera here a 6300 as you can see
there she is not gonna focus no that's
fine oh there we go have this iPhone
here I had a brand new which we
installed yesterday softbox lighting on
I have these candles on loving the
effect and here is the phone itself and
honestly then the days of phone in it
like physically compared to my bigger
phone right 7:6 okay six doesn't have a
phone jack okay we've got some dual
speaker action going on here let's have
a listen to this
and this is me holding out the iPhone 7
and vlogging on the iPhone 7 is there a
difference very expensive camera camera
in a phone let me know in the comments
discussing why
yeah autofocus pretty good like that's
pretty that's fast
yeah literally that's the autofocus oh
yeah the video is rendered I need to
stop vlogging with this phone now I'm
still on the iPhone 7 let me know if the
quality's like the camera turn these on
and then we'll see what's down here now
tell me what the quality is like this is
iPhone 7 back camera and this is the
front camera it looks a little bit like
I don't know it needs to bump the
contrast up a little bit now above the
contrast up there we go that's the
editing it let me know right back on the
big camera I need to put this office
back to normal
hello there can I am a plain double
cheeseburger please right so hungry man
so the world today social media YouTube
has just been screaming Apple iPhone 7
I'm so annoyed that I didn't get chance
to pick up the other two phones I
ordered dildo on my pre-order I have two
iPhone 7s coming to I pencils and floss
is one in black and one in jet black
right so guys that's gonna be it for
today's video if you haven't done
already go check out the video on tech
flow of do it now because this video is
concluding and coming to an end this has
been my day I do hope you've enjoyed it
my name's been Alex giveaways coming
soon and I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
video thanks for the awesome continued
of support guys alius
