please tell me I've got six pounds one
two oh no this is a nightmare
oh yes yes yes I got yes I really need
to get my car washed because it's filthy
I love being surrounded by foam look at
it I usually film this in slow motion
for you guys but bit of a change for
today by the way guys if any of you know
how to sort this out my window just
stops halfway down like what do I do
about that like that's not right is it
good afternoon guys how we doing
my name is Alex and I know this blog has
already started but it's just common
courtesy to ask how people are doing
isn't it so guys how are you doing the
thing is they always ask you no one ever
says how they're doing in the comments
guys let me know if you are right or not
in the comment section please
I care about you literally a few days
now before Mia heads off to uni which is
great because we could start live
streaming when she leaves but it's also
not great because I miss her lots but I
need to do some things but one of those
things being an anchor sound cor
Bluetooth speaker which this one I did
drop test out of the window sorry Mia I
want to give it a rather small lightning
cable because I gave her a three meter
one yesterday so she's got the long one
now she is the short one I also bought
heard this blue case of her phone so
there we go little care package this and
this and then me the trick of the trade
is smaller parcels always come first and
I know exactly what this is this is an 8
gigabyte kit of RAM that I've bought for
Maria's laptop god I treat this girl
well
the ever-growing while still thought
about together and then because I don't
have an unboxing now and then because I
don't have an unboxing knife I don't
know how I'm gonna get into this this is
the other thing from Corsa whoa a
backlit RGB smell
whoa I've got to wait I have to wait
this is the thing like Corsair
thank you very much for that that's cool
Corsair thank you very much for this
this is cool book Corsair I'm gonna be
redoing my setup soon all you guys know
this I talked about it loads if you
don't know I'm gonna be redoing this
setup and doing the whole thing on my
Mars bar channel doing like a re doing
the ultimate setup remaking this whole
thing and even remaking this room so I'm
not going to install these things yet
because they are gonna be part of
redoing the ultimate sets of there would
be a bit pointless to do it all now when
I'm going to be upgrading the setup
altogether I want to do everything at
once in the videos on Mars bar that's
what I'm thinking now you guys love some
absolutely awesome comments in
yesterday's video about what we should
do with the setup they're really really
cool so thank you very much for that
so I've come upon some rather
disappointing news and it turns out that
I actually might not get the phones
tomorrow tomorrow is the release date of
the iPhone 7s it's the 60 and I told you
guys and that's right I want to go
tomorrow i pre-ordered these phones I
wanted to go tomorrow and pick up these
phones with you guys in the morning
play about with them and then possibly
give some away for you guys but as I say
I rang them this morning and they said
that they're not going to guarantee or
even know if the pre-orders are gonna
get there and I said well if the pre
aren't gonna get there are you guys
actually gonna have some you know normal
phones to buy in stock and they said we
don't know I don't know I don't know and
you nobody talking about how to run a
business and how to be successful one of
the first steps is presentation and even
over the phone present yourself like a
nice human being don't talk to me like
an asshole
just off now for a family meal does a
fly on my eye there we go meal finished
with the family I'm racing my brother
back he's on his bike finally in my wait
a minute finally in my office
it's where I had a load of cable ties up
here somewhere
I think I think I read this book just
sort of tidy up a bit just need a longer
extension cable Wow
how do I look now so I know I reckon I
looked too detailed turn them off turn
them off look are symmetrical they are
you guys haven't seen that's not right
really overexposing still you guys might
even see saying that that will get very
very very hot and it will over expose
the image but if I turn around this way
hopefully that should look pretty good
like there's not even a shadow on the TV
because they're not symmetrical just
need to sort out a place tonight these
wires obviously change these big old
fashioned softbox is out for LEDs we
need to do that it's getting very very
very hot so this is the lighting for the
hopefully tech flow videos and the brand
new live streaming rig that I want to
set up in here I've solved the concept
idea of what I wanted to do and I've
done it with cable ties Wow I'm happy
with that nice cool sweet
look at those I'm still happy I got that
idea from an idea that someone left in
the comment section and then mixing that
with my own idea
so I've invented that and if you didn't
see the blog where I literally unboxed a
thousand cable ties here's proof I'd
only about a thousand cable ties right
I'm very very happy with that but then
something positive today that's worked
out cool Oh guys I've just known about
the office because I left my wallet here
just come back to getting what Mike my
thought in today's video here in the
office this is really really really
really really cool I'm so happy with it
right that is the foundation for
something that we can do in the future
that's definitely going to work because
this works we just need to make it
better it's all about improving on what
we already
but for now my nerves and Alex my mmmm
Manny's been Alex you guys have been
awesome as always stay awesome keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
rock
