alright alright okay I almost had a
nightmare oh my said a nightmare okay
this this isn't today this is so
confusing I'm recording this the day you
guys are seeing this video right this is
obviously the vlog for yesterday but
this is the day that I'm editing it so
the day that you guys are gonna see it
and I've just come to edit it now
thought I'd imported the clips onto my
laptop last night but now it says it's a
missing camera and all all the files
have just got exclamation marks next to
them
a former ed my memory card already I
literally think I'm not gonna bill to
upload like a vogue today I'm having a
nightmare I'm having a nightmare this is
not good wait a minute now all the clips
are here all the clips that all the
clips are there so why is it saying the
clips are missing right I'm going to try
my best to sort this out wish me luck
good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is Alex and I want to apologize
to whoever start this video I am
extremely busy today I've got 30
meetings that I need to have at some
point today two of which are a phone
call meeting so they can be rearranged
as I've already missed one of them this
morning the one that scheduled is for
half-past twelve
so at well in seven minutes the Qt team
are coming here we're gonna have a
meeting here and then I've got two more
phone call meetings I need to do when I
finish them we can fly
meeting one has commenced and finished
successfully with the qtt guys by the
way if you're not on QT yet get yourself
signed up you guys know that QT is my
new thing that I'm doing it's like my
social media platform I'm working on
with a few people guys if you're not on
it do it for me and get yourself signed
up I made a cutie the other day on the
iPhone 7 I'll put a link to it in the
description look at all of this data
that you guys gave me like all you guys
giving me feedback on the iPhone 7 I
even did some polls down the side look
to see whether the iPhone was a dumb
idea or if you guys are buying it or you
think it's a ripoff or you think it's
worth upgrading from the 6 everyone put
yes like a lot of people but yes almost
3/4 of the people yes which is really
surprising I'm collecting so much data
here I'm literally the first-ever
date of vlogger I'm collecting so much
data from you guys it's unreal get
yourself on the site guys and let me
know what you think of the iPhone 7 I'm
going to pick mine up hopefully on the
three that I've ordered hopefully I
thought if they're gonna come I'm gonna
go try and pick them up on Friday which
is the 16 you're gonna get them nice and
early and we're gonna give some iPhones
away for you guys but I keep finding
myself trying to swipe to unlock and
that's just my that's just my camera you
have to press the home button to unlock
it now we're just super super weird I'll
tell you what I'm gonna create an iOS 10
cutie right today I'm gonna do it right
now check it out in the description you
guys can give me your feedback on iOS 10
or what you think of it and then you
Android people you can come onto and you
can come onto it and just hate on us if
you want sweet I need to leave this
office now one meeting over and done
with Don my emails I've created the iOS
10 cutie I'll put a link to it in the
description for you guys now I need to
leave I've got two more meetings but
they're Internet conference meetings and
because I'm a bit silly I haven't got a
microphone or webcam in the office
anywhere so I need to buy one of them so
I need to now go home to do my other two
meetings which is a bit annoying because
I like to keep all my work in
the office made it home missing with
logitech let's get this over and done
with sweet meeting with logitech all
finished up nothing I can really tell
you guys have any interest just yet now
it's 4 p.m. and I've got to edit
yesterday's vlog but first before I do
that I've got to take a little parcel to
a UPS drop-off point because well inside
here is a really expensive SSD hard
drive portable SSD that I bought to take
to New Zealand with me half way around
New Zealand it broke which really
annoyed me because it has half of my New
Zealand footage on it which is so
annoying so it's ass and disk drive I
need to drive to the UPS drop-off point
send it back to them so they can get the
data off it for me put it onto a new
drive and send it back such a bore link
need to do that now
they match these no no that's the
microphone that bit and now she lens and
the nuts so I can hold it I love it when
people ask about the vlogging rig right
that's all posted I've ticked it off my
to-do list now I've got to edit
yesterday's vlog finally getting around
to doing it
literally so so so so hot today it's
unreal unbearable 31 degrees in England
you having a laugh ah proper work
meeting and Aaron day today and pretty
much like halfway through all of my
errands I've got a massive list of
reminders on my phone slowly trying to
take things off
I hate relying on other people one of my
pet peeves absolutely hate it you get
those people though alright and they get
the job done but then you also get those
people that you just constantly chasing
up and it's so frustrating been in the
gym have some food
calm down I'm gonna chill out with you
guys now you guys been banging on
telling me to open these parcels so
that's exactly what I'm gonna do let's
take this parcel and let's go outside
and sit outside together and get this
thing open because I don't have one clue
as to what's inside this thing
absolutely gorgeously evening here today
be silly to do this inside so let's do
it outside chill out have a little chat
right now and I honestly have no clue
what's inside of here I think it might
be from Corsair because I got an email
from Corsair I should I got an email
from DHS a DHL parcel yeah DHL parcel I
got an email from DHL saying your call
sir package will be delivered soon and
then this arrived so I'm assuming those
two items correlate I'm assuming that
email is about this and I have no idea
what this is so what have we got inside
of here yeah it's definitely cause
they're definitely Corsair what is this
wow look at these bad boys HD 120 RGB 12
individually controlled RGB LEDs 70 deep
lighting effects three have sent me
something else as well upstairs but I'm
gonna open that tomorrow I think so I
like surprises so this and whatever's in
that may be a very very very strong
contender for when we redo the ultimate
game use help in this house because I've
spoken to you guys before and said that
we're going to be redoing this set up
with 3 hopefully three really cool
monitors from
LG but these monitors are literally
brand new our I don't even buy them yet
they're sending me one at the moment but
I need two more something to ask them
for two more to make this a thing to
make this work
the reason is sending me one is because
I asked for one to do a tech flow review
on and I said yeah we'll send you it and
then I thought wait a minute is money is
actually quite cool I may already know
but not seriousness guys let me know
what you think to do what we could do
like with this room if we could actually
do something cool with it
I might set up a QT page in the near
future so we can talk about like the
ultimate set apart too and get some
ideas down before I actually start the
series but for now just let me know in
the comment section yeah I think we
could do some really cool stuff in here
guys honestly I do I really do if we all
work together put our minds to it we can
make this place look pretty goddamn
freakin sweet and that's what we want
but for now anyway - man Alex you guys
have been awesome stay awesome and keep
smiling and I'll catch you in tomorrow's
vlog Eddie yes
