good morning guys how are y'all doing my
name is Alex it's very early in the
morning right now very very very early
considering I went to bed at 1:00 a.m.
last night where is he
there he is we're going to some mental
thing today that Toby's organized so
let's just let's just choose the crepes
right we're in the car about to leave I
still don't really know what we're doing
so let's do a trampoline put in the
satellite navigation
you know honestly right when you're
driving this is genuinely what just bugs
me off the most these two lorries have
been like this for the last like minute
and a half and it hasn't moved at all
this is the era gay
xscape never been a before partly Toby
knows what he's doing so I'm gonna
follow him around
if that is the most like energetic thing
of the little while I'm swaying so much
Jesus Liz you so hot when did everything
you need some glasses for golf eh oh and
a golf ball look at 4d golf experiences
in here oh my god oh my oh my god it
looks so weird but you guys work there
to see
this is a trippy golf I've ever played
in my entire life right hope you guys
enjoyed mate I think I'll skip it some
welly
oh it's Turkish after that who's on the
mini-golf mate
taking that second craft oh my guys this
is it this is actually it I Oh s10 oh
yeah camera sick nice one me I'm gonna
install it how 1.1 gig iOS 10 right
download and install put in my password
agree agree but they requested don't
request it just didn't stole it
what are we requested okay we're
downloading one gig in about three
minutes sick come on now okay this is
taking far too long now it says what
does that say eleven fifty three minutes
I'm in a rush and I need to go the crap
cupboard what we're gonna get our there
isn't a crapper type of pancake
where did that maybe even come from I'm
late you driven about 45 minutes to get
here just to pick up my GoPro because I
left it with Toby so hate oh right it's
fine sir I need to find some wd-40 wd-40
okay my evening has been very
unorganized and very strange let me try
and explain toby sent me a text saying
alex you've forgotten your gopro I left
my GoPro in Toby's bag after we finished
the trampolining this morning so I drove
45 minutes there and 45 minutes back to
go and collect my GoPro on the drive
back from Toby's house
Barney texts me and said he has some
friends over would I like to come to the
pub and have a few points with him I
said I'll come to the pub but I can't
drink because I'm driving so I went to
the pub installed iOS 10 how to chat
with Barney and then drove back here and
now I'm here and I need this wd-40
because Mia's texting me saying her
laptop lid has broken you know a laptop
when you lift the screen up apparently
she's told me that when she lifts her
macbook screen up it like makes a
horrible cracking noise so I've thought
some wd-40 might help it's either gonna
solve the issue or the water from the
wd-40 is gonna break her laptop so could
go one or two ways it could go really
good or really bad
or to be fair it might not do anything
all right so I'm gonna grab this wd-40
and then I'm gonna go around there now I
was meant to go to the office I've had a
few emails that I've needed to do today
but about to delay that to tomorrow
morning because I forgot my GoPro ah iOS
10 is pretty strange though I don't know
if I like it or not but I don't
don't know if I like it gonna have to
get used to it those of you that have
installed it what do you think I can see
a lot of people still swiping to unlock
I can see that happening hmm I'm gonna
go around to Mears yes oh look you don't
swipe to unlock anymore you swipe that
way it brings your notifications up you
swipe that way it brings the camera up
you have to press the home button to
unlock it
how weird is that I feel like that is
gonna confuse a lot of people look at
these big fancy gates to my girlfriend's
house well what if she's like what if
she's like why she's like really famous
and you guys and you guys don't even
know who she is
would you look at this driveway would
you just look at it but a mile long
suite and you know keys out I have the
wd-40 obviously but I also have a GoPro
in my possession now which I left at
Toby's so hopefully the friction that
was pretty good the trampolines it was
like really dark in there so like the
GoPro just gonna look really crappy but
hopefully it doesn't I'll check it out
when I'm obviously editing this video
tomorrow but okay it's gonna go dark I'm
gonna do this intro in the dark okay
sweet hopefully you guys have enjoyed
today's video if you have a like rating
would be awesome my Alex you guys have
been awesome stay awesome keep smiling
catch you in tomorrow's video adios
