is so fresh outside I'm so buzzing for
today covers 7:20 a.m. in the morning as
you guys can see right now I have got
something absolutely mega planned today
guys and I'm not sure whether I'm gonna
be putting it in today's vlog or in a
vlog in the future and trust me if I was
watching a daily vlogger and he uploaded
part of his vlog that wasn't recorded
the day before I uploaded it I'd be
pretty annoyed too but trust me with
what we're doing you you will not last
time you saw me it was very early this
morning in my bedroom and bathroom I
have spent the entire of my morning
filming a video for you guys which is
going to be going live very very very
very sure that it is the most incredible
thing that I've ever done in my entire
life unfortunate I'm not not sure yet
because of rules and regulations but it
is trust me on this I've done a lot of
incredible things like on this channel
and to do with YouTube and videoed it
over this is this is up there with one
of the most incredible things I've ever
done we've ever done but it's gonna be
coming soon I've spent the whole morning
filming it it's now midday cheeky nandos
let's do this
so guys just finished up at Nando's and
done the awesome filming in this morning
but now seeing as I'm in Lincoln and
I've had to come to Lincoln to do this
awesome filming with you guys that you
will be seeing very soon and may as well
go and visit my all-time favorite shop
which have been visiting every single
week every Monday for the last three
weeks
super bye let's go
sorry guys just arrived into Superfly
before we even start looking at what the
setup upstairs for me I want to show you
guys something got a lot of questions
for this so you guys know I've got the
new LS 50s on my desk and I did get a
subwoofer to go with them I got rid of
my 10s my rocket 10x of wafer now we
have this little tiny little rel
subwoofer this tiny little Easter tile
up size my hand right and this is my
subwoofer for my desk I'll put a link to
it in the description guys if I remember
but that I want to show you guys got so
many questions this is my new little
subwoofer that drives with the LS 50
Wireless is on the desk I have this but
it's in white not black but let's see
what they've got upstairs for me
so in here super fire setup for me
something as to which I'm really really
really looking forward to here so this
is a very very expensive home cinema
system right now this is gonna be a
little bit of a very expensive taste as
to what my home cinema is gonna be like
in the new house guys and I'll tell you
super fire designing the whole thing for
me it's gonna be absolutely incredible
this one in here sly bit of overkill
we've got these massive speakers at the
front four thousand pound amplifier down
here so this has some special software
in it up we programmed on a laptop which
actually removes all the vibration in
the walls and it's gonna sound
absolutely phenomenal even the subwoofer
down there is massive and then over to
the back of the room we've got some
awesome surround sound speakers these
are actually what's going to be at the
front of my home cinema and then we've
also got some dog out there speakers in
the roof coupled with a 4k projector
that wasn't enough to take in through
wind it have some coffee and let's let's
click play and watch my facial
expression just absolutely melt okay so
guys how about sit down and
listen to this whole surround sound set
up this is mental let's dim the lights
and play the film
oh it's just mental I was bad the cinema
where you really know
into putting all the hands of someone
but interlinked into infinity to have
the field and your view family arrives
in tonight so having this sub woofer and
I mean these speakers but they'll be at
the front and then have some smaller
ones at the back which are these ones
guys it's gonna be absolutely mental
obviously we're not gonna have an
amplifier that's like that good but it
will still be amazing obviously with a
4k projector as well HDR the whole
cinema room this is just giving me a
taster and really read y'all in the fact
that it's gonna sound absolutely
phenomenal I'm buzzing guys just a
reference we'll talk about the cables in
a second because these are worth well a
lot of money but these speakers at the
front guys I'm not sure my camera is
gonna focus on that if you can even see
it but these speakers there's actually
only 400 of them ever made sorry there's
500 of them made but only 40 of them in
the UK so these are the limited edition
ones and you can see these are number 18
out of 500 and that's the pair of these
now these are mega mega mega speakers we
will not be having these in the new
house we're having these ones Elliott
what do you think sounds good no no what
did you actually think yeah it's the
best time I've ever oh my lord it's also
about three thousand pounds guys worth
the cable attaching the speakers to the
to the amplifier like this is top-end
stuff and stuff that I will not be
having in the new house because it's
hella hella expensive but it gives you a
taste of what a good audio system a good
audio system can do as I'm telling you
guys these are the Front's then these at
the back and then that one in the center
and this subwoofer there isn't black my
house guys it's gonna be I mean our
house guys it's gonna be more than
enough
guys absolutely phenomenal day today and
I are really I'm really really super
annoyed that I'm not allowed to show you
what I've done this morning until a
couple of weeks time honestly just
believe me when I say this no no I know
I said a lot of things oh is what I did
this morning was a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity and that is if you actually
get the opportunity if you did get the
opportunity you order one hundred
percent say yes because you you can't
even pay to do what I did this morning
and it was absolutely phenomenal it's
made me very tired
it's made me stressed out it made me
feel a little bit sick it was just
amazing so guys I will share with you
what I did this morning in a vlog in
about two weeks time and I literally
cannot wait for you guys to see the
footage that I got looks absolutely
phenomenal and then guys we went to
super fire the infamous store they
showed me an awesome I think about eight
thousand pound home cinema set up mine
is gonna be like a little baby version
of that so that is that is really cool
and then they give me this really
expensive Bluetooth speaker to bring
back and just try out like look at this
thing I'm gonna do a review on that and
it's the focus on this camera is
absolutely mad and they just want to say
something there guys really quick and I
never usually address these sorts of
things through the vlog or on the vlog
or I mean this is YouTube this is to be
expected but I just wanted to address
this just this one time because it's
it's really really sad so this actually
started out with a tweet the one if you
guys sent me and they said the SWAT it
was only an hour ago they were sharing
this with me and they put a lot of hate
today and it was a few
comments from my comment section of
yesterday's video no I want you guys to
know within yesterday's video I was like
very very energetic I filmed the whole
vlog from like 6 p.m. to about 12 p.m.
oh I apologize for a few things about
taking so long to get the live streaming
room finish because you know we're just
doing the house and then this tweet the
one of you guys wrote me you quoted some
of these comments and one of them reads
Alex why are you trying so hard to be
unlikable unlikable okay I'm really
sorry alright I share my life every
single day with the whole entirety of
Internet and you guys on the holes are
like really supportive of that but you
get the odd like I just find this really
weird for somebody that wasted time the
fact that I bet none of you could name a
youtuber that does more actual
legitimate giveaways than me the fact
that I listen to you guys like
throughout this entire YouTube thing you
guys say Alex do longer videos my videos
used to be six to seven minutes long now
sometimes the double band do you guys
see a mid-roll ad in sight no of course
you don't I'd do this right from the
heart I do this because I love doing it
in a portion of yesterday's video I
answered a lot of your guys questions
and I was reading a bit of motivation
and then I practice that motivation by
going out and taking some folks trying
hard to be unlikable yes it was the one
I wonder how long he can repeat the same
thing over and over again until people
get bored I'm sorry guys right I'm 20
years old just but how some thinking of
buying a new car I've done something
absolutely speechless this morning I've
traveled the world with you guys I've
skydived a bungee jumps but as I didn't
explain in this video times are hard at
the moment because of this new house is
taking up a lot of my time and bear in
mind guys I don't use wake up and make
daily vlogs every day I also run two
other channels one more so than the
other tech flow I'm also working on
reviving my main channel the moment
writing out and storyboarding and
scripting content for that earn to
businesses alongside this YouTube one of
them actually has a massive client base
where I sell Internet there's a lot of
pressure that comes along with that I
also do promotional work like I do I do
a lot of things guys and
these comments this is this is just all
out of jealousy like genuinely hit
obviously I wish every that these people
didn't like my my like really over
energetic vlog that I did yesterday and
that's absolutely fine I'll keep things
toned down but doing things like that
it's just all I say guys if you want to
get a point across to a youtuber do it
in like a nice friendly way and it might
actually change them when did when did
just being a dick get anybody anywhere
do you know I mean I think all I'm
trying to say is just cheer up a bit
maybe go and find something fun to do
your life must be really really really
boring
for example guys I'm just come into my
office and there's a card on here this
is to Alex a great job thank you this
contains money money that's somebody you
need to pay me because well I did some
work for them I did some networking work
I don't just do this YouTube thing I do
a lot of things in my life guys it's
very very hard to keep on top of
everything so I I do apologize if some
things seem a little bit repetitive and
if they do please please tell me but
sometimes with that out of the way and
won't be addressing anything like that
again and I never have done this is
YouTube earnest it's bound to happen but
if you see anybody doing that just tell
them to cheer up anyway guys the car
poll I did a video like two days ago
telling you guys that I wanted to buy a
new car you guys absolutely absolutely
loved it there's a lot of people saying
Alex you should have got the Audi you
should go for the Audi s3 the Audi s3 is
still in one of my choices at the moment
I just wanted to make the video a little
bit simple because I think those are my
two favorite cars but there's a few cars
from AMG like the a45 AMG which are
really nice cars but I wanted to go a
step up from cars like that like the
airport if I want to go this step up
like the the Porsche GT s is like to
step up and so is the m2 relatively
speaking but guys the car choices were
between at the BMW m2 and the Porsche
Cayman GTS now guys I'm going to drop
the poll link in the description
you guys are choosing my next card okay
that's interesting so right now guys the
BMW m2 is losing which is quite
surprising to the Cayman GTS 48% to 52%
I don't know what to think of that
that's absolutely mental it's so close
the poll has three days and 80 hours
left in it guys if you guys want to go
ahead of a vote in the poll and get your
votes in I'll put the link in the
description guys this this is somebody
just put now I can see you riding around
in this that's what we want
look at that commas guys on this thread
actually you're really really cool I
really appreciate your guys input your
guys are really looking out for me so
thank you thank you very much like you
guys are saying Alex get the BMW because
you'll get more boot space for
transporting things around and then a
lot of you guys are saying I'd like to
get the BMW ultimately and just kick
yourself in the foot because you'll want
the Porsche all the comments in this
guy's thank you so much for all of them
and in the youtube comment section
they're all very very interesting well
you guys are saying tests are actually
so so interesting guys thank you so much
for all the positive feedback and screw
you to those people I was talking about
earlier in the comment section being all
mean stuff guys if you see anybody like
that tell them that they're a loser
because that is exactly what they are
and we don't do losers on this youtube
channel we do not do lose this
smoothly guys that's gonna sort it for
today he's a daily vlog I really hate
you have enjoyed it another little
pocket of my life guys
whether it's repetitive or not I do hope
you enjoyed it guys as always at the end
of every video I don't plug my merch all
the way through but at the end of sets
let you guys know you didn't know I do
sell those emerge so if you want to go
ahead and buy some cops them it would
really mean the world to me she says you
guys order it I get a notification on my
phone it tells me your name and
everything so I can secretly appreciate
you mister I can't share that because
that's confidentiality but I do get
these things on my phone whenever you
guys all of the merch get bang with your
name I've been rocking the vertical
hoodie all day guys if you've liked this
you can pick you up on my store down
below guys but for now might Alex you
guys been awesome if you're a little bit
bored go ahead and watch yesterday's
vlog and I have not then I'll see you
tomorrow
a DA champey huoy would you move in
in the forest it's sad dr. rocky why
would your father been alive down
placing
