one thing that always helps me out is
the weather and I think it helps a lot
of people I help people be positive and
be happier and when the weather's like
this it's it's kind of hard to be happy
you almost have to sort of force it a
little bit but forced happiness is never
good so you have to do things that are
going to make you happy I've got some
errands to do in town this morning being
on my new slick revolution board that
makes me happy so town errands done this
morning it's actually my dad's birthday
today yes daddy Mars as strange as that
sounds is his birthday today so bring
down to my good old friends at oxygen to
pick him up
a awesome birthday present and I really
hope he likes it because I've been
looking at this for ages and I thought
he's gonna love that
oh hey guys to find some time to go and
pick it up
right so guys I'm wanting to do like a
themed vlog today and the theme vlog is
well a vlog that's about a certain topic
and this is a stir topic that you guys
have asked me a lot is how to record
yourself how to vlog this is a question
I get the most out of absolutely
anything is Alex how do you vlog Alex
how do you do this Alex how do you do
that and it's all to do with logging
right and I'm not gonna dance around to
be the fairy that says Oh stories
everything Oh story story story because
well story is great but if you can't
capture this story then what's the point
to the people that say all the stories
the only thing that matters no it's not
you see the thing with vlogging right
the story the story is your life right
what you're doing with your day or what
you want to vlog about that's the story
my story today is teaching you guys how
to vlog so I can't teach you the story
the story is already there a vlog story
is your life what you want to do in that
day well I want to show you guys how to
do is how to film yourself right and I
bought some things on on Amazon to help
me film myself and I don't want to
explain this explain this to you guys
so where do we get started
maybe maybe focus well they say the best
camera that you have is the one you have
with you but which camera do you have
with you this is a sony 860 500 it's an
absolutely brilliant little vlogging
camera because it's small its compact
it's got interchangeable lenses you can
work a wide-angle one here or you can
put a 28 mil on and get some tight nice
awesome shots but the thing that I will
stunt too is correct the best camera is
the one you have with you I started out
vlogging on my phone with a 9-pound I
kid you not nine pound little lens
adapter which made it a little bit wider
on the field of view balik's I really
want to get a good camera for vlogging
which one should I get well you've got a
bit of cash the a 6500 is brilliant or
the sony a7s - which is what i use right
here i think this is better though
because the autofocus is you don't have
that much money maybe the Sony rx100
cameras are for you that's rx100 maybe
if that's a little bit out of your price
bracket the canon g7x is are very very
solid good cameras I had one of those
for a little bit before I dropped it
into a swimming pool in my opinion the
old round vlogging camera needs to have
a nice wide angle lens good audio
quality or the option to add good audio
quality and well that's about it
probably HD but it doesn't really matter
most people watch on their phone
nowadays the screens like this big
doesn't matter
so once you've found your perfect
blogging camera then you think right I'm
gonna hold the camera out and point it
but how do I do that
how do I advance this forward and how do
I get some nice and stable footage well
I use one of these things now this is
called HOV Gorillapod and they do
different versions for however your
camera is this one is the biggest one
they do the SLR zoom my main camera well
it's it's very heavy and big so I need
this this big one the reason why I like
these is because they're really
versatile so you can actually move the
legs around like that and then place the
camera down and it's just a mini tripod
or you can actually wrap them round
poles these actually Bend and you can
wrap it around things so that moves on
to the next thing mounting your camera
as I say I use one of these I've just
bought this from Manfrotto though I'm
gonna clean link to this in the
description this is well for parts
including my camera it has a head it has
these two arms and then it has a clump
and essentially what I can do is go
ahead and clump this absolutely anywhere
and there we go now my camera is
actually off the it's off the side of
the table a shot I couldn't previously
get with one of these so the kit that
you mount your camera with really does
help and I guys I really do I think it's
something that people really overlook
you can get yourself a nice camera nice
microphone have brilliant visuals and
brilliant audio if you're not mounting
your camera and being creative with it
then what's the point
now guys how boring is this shop there
we go I've added a little bit of light
hopefully that's made things a little
bit better still quite still quite
boring though
there we go it's getting a little bit
better I've done two things there guys
I've added what's called a fill light a
big light to add fill to the room and
then I've also added some background
light to give depth to the image but now
that just leaves me a little bit well
dark doesn't it
the thing is bright man so there we go
guys I've added a light for my face a
subject light and then I've added fill
light to light the room up and they've
also added a background light to give a
little bit of depth those are my tips
the camera how to mount your camera and
the lighting if you can nail all those
three things you're gonna get your way
onto some pretty sick footage obviously
you'll have nothing to film at all if
you do not have a story so please start
at the story but to anybody that says
the stories everything no it's not it's
probably a good 90% but it's not
everything I'm gonna drop all the links
to everything down in the description
including my favorite cameras in certain
price ranges
she dies there we go that was my Mars
bars ultimate guide to how to vlog or
film a YouTube video with you being the
one-man band being the person in front
of the camera and also needing to be the
person behind the camera as well some
good equipment choices that I've left
down in the description for you guys a
little bit of good lighting good camera
placement put all that together and
that'll be one big video mess so there
you go guys I really do hope today's
vlog helped you out and if it did a like
rating would be awesome as you almost do
more of these topical vlogs then please
let me know I will be more than happy to
give it in size to how I do things in my
own brain everybody has their own way of
doing things some ways better and some
ways worse so let me know but for now
guys my name's Ben I like you guys have
been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog guys adios
