I said it before and I'll say it again
life moves pretty fast it's not about
personality matrixels and charts it's
all about the b-bumps in your heart
it's the little things like even right
at the end of the vlog right I make the
outro cut out on the drop when the drum
is you ready it's the little things in
life tell the good morning guys how are
y'all doing my name is of course Alex
and welcome back to another daily blog
and she will tell you guys I've been
working really hard in the videos
recently and I thought to show you how
to partner with me editing it but every
single day I sit here on this laptop for
about two hours at an edit each daily
vlog I get 24 hours in each day and 2 to
3 of those hours are taken up we're
adding a video and I thought the end it
is like a main process of making videos
and I do it every single day so why not
show it in the blogs yeah that was me
editing a video in a time-lapse form
right okay let's get on with today's
vlog
we did it we've done it okay we have
done it we've done it up hit it
I'm doing it I'm doing it we've done it
we have done it
five hundred thousand and seventy one
subscribers Wow look at that
that guy's thanks update required you
taking ok stupid TV I'll update you
there you go
oh no real though guys watch this and I
hope you're enjoying what you are saying
which is just me you're gonna see more
of me s guy it's 50,000 subscribers it
will be an absolutely massive number
then we are halfway to 100,000
subscribers and 100,000 subscribers is
my YouTube gold now if I ever reach if I
ever reach a hundred thousand
subscribers I don't know I honestly
don't know about it's like my hundred
thousand I'm not bothered about a
million because that's just crazy
a million issues I think I let's kill
myself but a hundred thousand
subscribers is it's just absolutely
insanity one of my good pals that sent
me that on Twitter and I was just like
wait a minute that's me that's me like
two years ago dreaming of getting a
hundred thousand subscribers and I won
half a million guys crazy absolutely
crazy
been a long time since I've been here
just arrived the Jordans place you know
like Giza that used to wash my car
we're gonna go to meadow Hall today
because I think it's got a problem with
his iPhone and we need to go and get it
sorted at the Apple Store George
oh I do make it does look pretty swanky
when it's dirty this is my first time in
the car with George driving and we're
going all the way to Meadowhall 40
minutes in the car
George you feel like you're feeling you
feeling positive about this Drive I'm
tired
please don't crash guarantee oh my god
honestly scared the hell out of me man
Meadowhall Center Oh Pierre oh we're
doing it what are you quick oh now we
have arrived at Medical Center yeah go
for it George go put your foot down
straight up straight at the wall you
went at the wall straight up oh there we
go
bless him as a new drivers Garcia and
we're not dead so right I think we're
good we're good to go so I've just
arrived at Meadow Hall right now as you
can see
it's been a fair while since I've been
here and we're gonna go get some food is
that the first PLA
just finished a meal at TGI Fridays sure
nothing nip off to give his phone into
the Apple stores get it fixed I was very
very very very hungry
let's finish shop full of Lights is it
flickering yeah no just finished up at
meadow halt the main reason we went was
for jaws to get like a new phone or sort
out his phone's it's broken
turns out Apple said he didn't have any
warranty on his phone so he's a bit
annoyed it's not happy he's not happy
we've saved the day though with some
Millie's cookies
I'm eight thanks for the trip to meadow
Hall today we really appreciate it I
made a good time there's a drone going
up right jords I'll see I'll see you
soon mate soon yeah watch the cars see
you mate
I've got a feeling this drone is gonna
chase me yep told you clean all the
crepes look in fairly snazzy little
banner pick your faves one two three
four five or six elimate you outside
brilliant mate coming down now Cheers
food baby 151 am 151 am tables just gone
to bed in the spare rooms of 151 am
Toby's just going to bed in the spare
room so I've got to be quiet
oh my god no bit no Syrians that came
back from meadow hall and these things
were in my room so I'm assuming someone
has put them in here and it was that
came in the post not sure what they are
it's got like a security seal on it so
I'm assuming it's kind of important so
I'm not sure what these are we'll have
to open them tomorrow but anyway guys
I'm gonna go to bed now cuz I can't
really talk very loud because Toby's
trying to get some sleep in the other
room
Toby and I have also got tickets to a
thing called s xscape I think it's a
xscape escape or something indoor
trampolining we're gonna do that in the
morning when we wake up but for now
management Alex you guys been awesome
stay off some keep smiling
adios
