tonight we'll see and hear firsthand
this kind of sir let's hear the rest of
it
work on a Sunday hey trying to set up a
new client for my wife i thing it's
going pretty well
look how big this roof space is there
man like okay okay I think I'm about to
get attacked just Hornets everywhere in
here I'm sweating like mad but this Loft
is huge you could literally have like a
gaming setup in here
more than guys in a real bag check this
out up there on their chimney that is my
little wireless device thing which is
pointing over to my house but just look
at the view
insane I've been told not to walk on
here but if you show you like down there
it's just amazing but I passed a massive
hole down there and there's my little
device up there look at it so cute but
yeah hopefully I can get these guys some
some internet this is oh god my longest
and hardest link I've ever set up it's
quite been quite this caught one this
just because of how far away the aft of
my house and I've only got that little
device I think I need to try and upgrade
that to something else something a bit
more powerful I'm managing to pull them
15 Meg down and 10 Meg up and like 20
ping which is better than what they're
getting through the phone line at the
moment which is like 50 odd ping three
down and point one up kind of a ghetto
sale right now but we're pulling 10 Meg
down on 5 mega which is exactly what we
want so I'm gonna give these guys free
internet for like the next month
hopefully it works it does Ching it's a
Sunday rise a Sunday right I've been
working all day this client of mine
honestly look at this it's verging on
being dark right now Balaji this client
is like my fur this client away from
this Wi-Fi thing managed to get them set
up in the end
all happy they said it's faster I think
it's faster
I know it's faster but it's freaking
dark Sunday's are meant to be our chill
but we sit down and chat about stuff and
just have a chill day you're not really
doing much I've been at work all day
it's Sunday but anyway now you guys know
that I love working on Sundays just
because you get the upper hand than
everyone else thought it guys it's
before if you work on a Sunday and
everyone else isn't working on a Sunday
then you're gonna get the upper hand on
the competition and that's exactly what
you want I need to stop off and get me
some fuel at the jet
I promised my brother I'd chew into some
chocolates so I've got myself some as
well I'm such a bad eater but to be fair
you guys do always say to me like I
liked we always see you in the gym in
the vlogs we've always see you running
in your bar what's the point in doing
that if you're going to do videos while
you're watching the Apple pee no eating
a load of melted chocolate you're going
to shop buying loads of chocolate and
you generally eat like crap and you know
what I would send to you guys I don't
need injuring like crap I really don't
like I don't need to drink any sugary
things at all like I don't I don't drink
and eat like rubbish I know I do it's
like an addiction and I'm really sorry
no but in all seriousness I wouldn't say
me going running and going to the gym as
mere necessarily trying to be fit it's
it's more me making up for eating like
absolute rubbish because I do enjoy
eating crap honestly I really do so I go
to the gym and go running to try and
compensate for that some extent and I
suppose I am generally quite an
energetic person anyway like doing these
vlogs takes energy I've been opening
ruth's today on top of roofs fixing
things to people's roots and that takes
energy climbing up and down things I do
quite a lot of stuff Oh guys so the lazy
Sunday vlogs doesn't feel right does it
it just doesn't we get out to doing so
much stuff on these vlogs like so much I
just can't stop behind here right is a
completely lame
and what I want to do is build a live
streaming brick for the office now don't
get me wrong but this is gonna be after
we've done the setup at home but ideally
what I want is a little mini sofa a
capture card maybe not an elgato my TV
from home to replace this one so I can
actually game on it and a computer
that's dedicated for the stream and that
can run the Xbox through a capture card
a ps4 for this through the capture card
and the little rog gaming pc doing the
capture card that way if it one hop on
Steam and play with you guys I can if I
want to play xbox with you guys I can
and if I want to play some PlayStation 4
with you guys I can but if you look
behind there it's just fairly fairly
evidently bad bad isn't like cable
managed ridiculously horribly it's
horrible
but this the corsair lap dog it's
brilliant finish is what i can do is i
can sit on the south for the live
streaming sofa with the lap dog and i
can actually reply to you guys from the
sofa on the stream and do all the
Twitter bits and bobs like that when we
just chilling out change the music
yada-yada-yada it can all be done from
here so up here what we can do is that
my mum gave me these my mum gave me this
like these are like light strips and you
put those big like big circle bulbs
inside of them and you're meant to have
them like down each side of your mirror
does that make sense so we could use
those to like to make to make the set
look a bit cooler and then I've got an
old computer here which is got like an
i7 in it and a GTX 780 I believe which
is good enough for live streaming so
that really can be our dedicated stream
PC but as I told you guys I do want to
start live streaming properly you guys
let me know your plans and what you
think we could do with the live
streaming and stuff in the comments down
below oh my god what he comes I don't
know I just thought if we can make it
like a little mini so for a little mini
set down here with a live streaming PC I
just thought it would look pretty cool
microwaved chicken and rice let that
person they actually wait a minute
you probably thinking Alex what's going
on if you feel on the ball you thinking
Alex what's going on where's your pizza
and where's Toby because I've been so so
so so busy today working for my clients
I've had to postpone Toby he's coming
around tomorrow night right wait except
literally sitting at my computer turn it
on so I can get some light from the
screen so you guys can actually see me
and I started doing my emails I just
need to switch off for a second ever
mind a second I need to just have a day
where I switch off from everything but
that I can't vlog right okay for my
health
these Sunday vlogs need to be chill I
just need to stop doing stuff guys tell
me to stop doing things on Sundays
literally okay I've got these two
letters out I've hand-picked them from
the thousands of letters that are under
my bed we're gonna open them on the vlog
and I'm gonna sit down and chill out I
pick this one because I thought the
writing on the front was really cute and
it seems kind of thick and it also says
open on camera and I picked this one
because it's red by the way people still
ask me for my peer box it's in the
description of every single one of my
videos if you want to send me anything
is in the description what do we have
inside of here yeah hair legs my name is
Derek I'm sorry if I pronounced your
name wrong mate I live in Ireland and
I'm nine years old can I just say your
videos are amazing so inspiring I don't
know what to say thank you you've helped
me through some tough times and I really
appreciate that
also could you sign this and send it
back to me thanks Alex also would you
check out my youtube of course I will
make you drilling me all of these little
messages but its main one is will you do
a meet-up soon and I believe guys don't
get you tickets yet I'll confirm with
you in a few more vlogs time but I
believe
gonna be going to insomnia is it 59 the
next insomnia Oh anyway hopefully I'm
gonna be going
fingers crossed I'll let you guys know
in the next few vlogs okay cool
don't what you take your shirt well if
you want to you can but I'll let you
guys know in the next few vlogs okay hey
Alex I want to see your videos really
inspire me and they get me through the
day I look forward to watching your
blogs every single day when I get in
from school and I have been subscribed
since 90,000 subscribers
bro that's awesome thank you very much
my friend guys your letters are
absolutely awesome I'm gonna even one
more this one seems to be a good fit and
look he's put like little emo Jay
stickers all over it it is pretty cool
oh wow look at that feel like a real G
now look at that please check my YouTube
huh oh wow thanks for the daily videos
and thanks for the effort guys let's put
his Instagram here and he says to check
out his setup so if you guys want to
check out his setup and give him some
feedback
there's his Instagram right guys I'm
gonna go to bed I think 9:58 p.m. no no
I'm gonna bath I think I do need to
chill out I really do I never freakin
start work I'm probably I probably look
a bit dead as well yeah well okay we
need to chill on these Sunday vlogs more
like how literally we just need to sit
down and have like a topic on these
Sunday vlogs because we have what we
have said that the Sunday videos are
going to be the chill ones or we can
just sit and chill and then in the week
we can go out and do cool things because
doing this thing daily is pretty mental
as you guys have said I don't really
know how I do this thing daily as well
as like do the numerous of the things I
try and do like work with my clients and
maintain a what I believe to be a
healthy relationship with my girlfriend
but yeah sweet that was fun
you guys left me some cool packages I do
need to do like a mail time big big mail
time box thing opening on the main
channel because so much stuff into that
bed I need to open for you guys
but yeah I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
video Monday tomorrow I think I'm gonna
get to Meadowhall and chill out in there
for a bit and go to the Apple store and
question them about the iPhone 7 and say
see see if I can get one ASAP but like
the answers gonna be no but anyway guys
management likes you guys have been
awesome stay awesome keep smiling I hope
you guys had a good Sunday he goes back
to school now anyway aren't you you're
back to school I think if you go to
school or back to work or back to
whatever you're doing but yeah mine is
Malik's you guys have been awesome the
grind never stops and I'll see you in
tomorrow's video adios wait now scrap
that I'm doing that again oh yes
