so whether it's so depressing this
morning as I was gonna get to the gym
but instead of being surrounded by four
white walls and a load of gym equipment
I thought to brighten my day up cuz the
weather so bad I'll come out for a
little morning run just on the first
mile now geez it's kind of hard to talk
when you're running
turn off miles in the last thing I did
was in Sydney and I did it on the blog
about to it off months ago I'm literally
dying huh I want my heart to go that was
the hardest thing I've doing a while oh
my god yeah it's all right for you isn't
it Bertie yeah this on a little relax a
little just sit down here Oh bless you
it's Alex get away I just I just want to
sleep Alex but got away from me right
I'm not on a run I can do my intro
properly how are you guys doing my name
is of course i like talking back to
another daily video i hope all of you
guys are all right about it where you
just feel like you need to do something
right but you don't know what it is you
feeling a little bit down a little bit
in the dumps and you're like and you
need to do something I want I want I
want you to go for a run I went for a
run I came back at a shower and I still
felt her so I don't know what to do and
I've been delaying starting my vlog
because I don't wanna start a vlog when
I'm feeling her so I'm up from cake and
now I'm feeling better
come on tell you now the weather outside
is so miserable today I'm just gone
outside to try and shoot like a nice
little cinematic I don't know how that
looked um it's just so muggy and
horrible Oh what are you doing down come
on you that's it it's that go get
outside today it's making me feel
miserable and I don't like it I really
don't like their miserable come inside
and I've just been messing about with
the Philips hue lights I've put a blue
one over there and I've made that one
green to like sort of look like the
plant I'm losing the plot I am right I
need to leave this house god is so
depressing it's literally like the
afternoon look
haha look at the sky it looks even
better on the camera so if like this
makes me really want to live in our
country like really bad imagine it being
every single day just beautifully hot
outside guys I've just I don't know I've
just had a nightmare oh god that was
horrible okay okay okay yesterday this
wall was brown and now it's been fixed
Oh guys am I happy to be in here Oh was
an absolute nightmare absolute nightmare
right I fancied bacon for breakfast
tomorrow morning all right so a thought
I'm low on milk I want some alcohol in
the house I want some chocolate in the
house and I also want I also AM bacon
for breakfast tomorrow morning so what
around ouster everything is absolutely
fine until her I've ever had a horrible
feeling right where your heart just
sinks and it goes and everything and
everything's like slowed down and you
just like whoa god I'm about to be in
those of trouble I had that I like that
put my hands on my pockets I could feel
my wallet I could feel my phone and new
my keys weren't there to my car um no
I've lost my keys I was like I thought
this was gonna place i was looking him a
basket couldn't find the keys anywhere
and literally just parked up and gone
straight to the shops parked up and
walked straight to the shops I was like
oh my god oh my keys in the store
somewhere what's going on what's this
what's that I rushed to the help desk
and ice like guys have you had me he's
handed in hoping they'd say yes and they
said no way I'm Nikki standard in and I
was like breaking down and then they
will I just hope you'll a few keys oh
yeah oh wait time we look for the keys
and then listen really nice guy walk
around the shops for me with my keys
couldn't find them anywhere I walked out
with a shot back to my car couldn't see
the keys anywhere on the floor around
the car couldn't see them on the path
that I'd walk for my car to the shops in
my eyes I'd lost my keys my keys have my
gate pees on them there are my office
key on it which is a one and only key
there's not another key that's the one
actually wait a minute no I do have to
office keys but still besides the point
I was about to buy a load of shopping
and not be able to drive home with it
I've got no one around and come and pick
me up and take me home I've got no one
that can drive me back much to my house
to pick up my spare set of keys none of
my none of my family are in the house
I'm on my own I could have got a taxi
back to my house and got my spare car
keys but I could I would have had no way
of getting into my house because my
house keys are on my car keys it was
just an absolute nightmare but then as
they gave me a call never liked your
Alex we found your keys and woman's
handed them in thank the Lord so don't
throw your questions I've got my keys
and I'm fine yay but that whole process
took about an hour and 20 minutes now
it's dark today's gone from all right
too bad to worse but now is picking up a
little bit and let me tell you why we're
almost at 500,000 subscribers guys
seriously that's half a million people
on my main channel that is amazing thank
you so much we respond 300,000 on the
vlog channel as well man you guys are
blowing me up the water here this is
insane I always think to myself if I
could show 13 year old me now if I could
show 13 year old me me today I'm sure
he'd be very very very proud oh that is
all me oh oh oh my god those weird
almost half a million people subscribe
to my channel I was happy right I used
to say to myself if I could get 10 likes
on a video 10 likes I did a face reveal
for a hundred and fifty thousand
subscribers no wait what open a face
reveal for a hundred and fifty 150
subscribers the guys are real though
seriously thank you so much that
is incredible nothing right this I've
got three of these this seems like two
minutes ago this is the plaque for my
main channel it literally seems like two
minutes ago and now it's five times as
big as that funny Hey look it makes my
mouth look even bigger 13 year old me
would have only dreamt of that oh wow
good when I likes nice sick but guys
seriously with all my heart thank you
very much for this and everything we
need to do that we'll do that soon I'll
take you guys here we're going to
channel channel tips new YouTube space
London will go there soon I'll take you
guys will go and have a look round the
new YouTube space right guys I've heard
back from LG they're sending me out one
monitor now that's really cool they're
sending me out one monitor I'm going to
do a tech flow review of it for you guys
and then hopefully I'm gonna send them
an email asking for a few more monitors
for the setup at home at which point
when we redo the home setup we will take
this TV back to my house and have it as
part of the setup at home and bring my
TV from home to here don't forget your
keys this time Alex you idiots put in
the other guys for now my legs you guys
have been awesome I will see you in
tomorrow's video honestly I many this
vlog early because I'm so shaken up
about Mikey still oh yes
Oh
Oh
