thank you
a degree
like I'd be able to hold it still if it
was you resting on your leg and hold it
like
good afternoon guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another daily video I hope all
of you are okay and in good health but
before I start doing these videos I need
to change something this needs to go
inside this microphone because it's been
on red batteries for the last three days
and I don't know why it hasn't even died
yet I mean it should have just died by
now and out I'll just change it now
testing testing
oh no that's the lens there we go we all
good
sweet apologies for the mess in my room
this morning guys like in here as well
there's cables going everywhere you're
not gonna know what I'm talking about if
you didn't watch yesterday's video if
you didn't watch the started yesterday's
video but if you did you'll know but I'm
trying to set up a brand new like
business where I sell my internet out
this house to all of my neighbors around
me through Wi-Fi through these devices
right here I've got one of these on my
roof at the moment it's getting it's
giving out a Wi-Fi signal and then what
you meant to do put one of these on your
clients house is that another one of
these on your neighbor's house the
devices talk to each other the one on
top of my house that want to from a
neighbor's house and it passes over
Internet how cool is that but the thing
is the only person that wants the
service from me so far is quite far away
a good mile away so using this big bad
boy this is a power bridge Fi and I need
to put this on top of my house and point
it at the neighbor's house a mile away
the reason I can't use those ones on top
of my house is because this is a really
long link and they're not powerful
enough but this bad boy could probably
cook cook your steak on it I'm going on
the roof so if you hear me screaming
that probably means I've fallen and I'm
close to death
you've got to find what you love and
that is this true for work as it is for
your lovers your work is going to fill a
large part of your life and the only way
to be truly satisfied is to do what you
believe is great work and the only way
to do great work is to love what you do
if you haven't found it yet
all done both the units installed sweet
the weather is turning horrible though
like look at this guy like
oh okay what are they doing to the wall
in the face right all right yeah let's
cut to the chase all right let's just
cut the chase yeah so camera here please
I've just ordered three iPhone 7s
I've spent wait a minute what is 1418
plus 819 I've spent two thousand two
hundred and thirty seven pounds on
phones now before the keyboard Juarez
and come out say no it's why were you
doing your absolute idiot why have you
bought iPhones number one cuz they're
crap number two why have you spent that
much money on phones and number three
stop taking money out he does wallet oh
no no no no no no no stop you right
there right
the recent have spent how much money on
the phones is because I'm gonna give
them away I'm going to give them away
still amazes me the amount of comments I
get that say I take money from people on
my family mental is it not fairly
evident how hard I work like I rep this
everywhere it's even on my car but you
guys do so much for me so so so so much
and I wanted to give back to you and I
read this morning that the iPhones were
selling out like crazy so I thought if I
could get on and buy some straight away
then I can at least give some away the
way for you guys and give two five all
the three phones one for me and two to
give away for you guys let me show you
guys what I've ordered okay I'm just um
I'm just trying to be really careful
here I'm not sure my delivery address
bar as you can see there's a jet-black
iPhone 7 plus 128 gigabytes and on a
separate order I've ordered a 128
gigabyte black iPhone 7 plus and an
iPhone 7 32 gigabyte rose gold and now
the reason I've ordered them from two
different orders are the reason they're
in two different orders is because I've
ordered them all from different places
because it's going to be ridiculously
hard to get your hands on these phones
that
they come out like the date comes out on
the 16th because everyone is
pre-ordering once once one it's gonna be
ridiculously hard so I've ordered them
from numerous different places so I'm
hoping one of them is at least one of
them is going to arrive around the 16th
or hopefully if we're lucky fingers
crossed on the 16th which should be
brilliant and as soon as they arrive
I'll do a giveaway for you guys and it's
literally just to get back to you guys
it's like so today thank you for all the
support because I believe I believe the
money I make from the adverts on these
videos should be put back into the
videos to make them better and this is
just a way to say thank you to you guys
because you've given me so much and you
let me vlog my life every single day and
you enjoy it and you leave positive
comments and that is what makes them
smile and making someone laugh takes
time and time is money and you guys
deserve some presents so I thought this
would be a good way to give back to you
guys because I know some of you are
gonna want some phones out there and so
I just thought you know what this
morning I'm gonna empty my pockets and
do some giveaways some proper proper
giveaways no unbox therapy faking style
like this is proper this is legit thank
you so much for the support to open this
though I mean guys oh no way
work hard work hard anywhere have sent
me some more stickers the round one is
for Apple laptops enjoy oh I love work
hard anyway look it's my wallpapers work
hard anyway if you guys want to download
these wallpapers I'll go ahead and
provide a link in the description these
things for me even just the wallpaper on
my computer is so motivational
absolutely love it and well hey I hope
you guys are happy about like me me
doing this this iPhone giveaway thing I
thought like and then I just thought you
guys I was going to also be my phone
this morning and I thought you know what
I'm gonna just buy two more and then
give them away because I am so so
grateful that you guys you guys let me
do this sort of thing and you guys the
thing is I do this thing
because you guys make me smile you make
me you make me happy and that's it
like you guys like on Twitter and
Instagram and and in the comment section
reading your comments and you guys are
like like firstly that Alex this video
makes my day and I have people like I
had a fan come up to me when I was out
in the club the other night
and he said to me I put this on Twitter
he said to me something along the lines
of you make you make thousands of people
smile and that's enough and that is
enough and now it's just like whoa like
that is amazing and then the thing is
you guys make me smile you make me happy
and the thing the thing that bridges me
from seeing you happy and you from
seeing me happy about it all is like
this I can't see you guys in person this
is getting friggin deep right now but I
thought how can I best way to give back
to you guys is to do a giveaway to give
back to give away something so was
buying these phones this morning and I
thought look these guys like what the
reason I get up every morning but the
reason I do this blog is to make you
guys happy the other reason I do these
videos is because it motivates me to get
up every morning every morning I get up
and this thing to do this motivates me
to get up every morning and I'm only 19
years old I'm still young I'm still a
lot young little young little thing
right 19 years old and I'm just trying
to trying to make something do something
with my life and like try and do things
for other people and if I can video me
doing that it's gonna make me sure that
I'm doing it well while trying the
keyword is trying to do it well because
everyone makes mistakes and if I can put
that in a video and show people that you
know I'm getting up every morning and
trying to do something my goal with that
is to make sure it inspires people and
it as much as it inspires like other
people like this is a thing for me to do
like for me to make sure I'm always
creative make sure I'm not lazy or not
make sure of always going that extra
mile do you not I mean my camera battery
died about picked up a cheeky little
quarry digging into this bad boy got a
very large amount of rice here not
really a massive fan of rice but I do
like hot stuff as you guys know and this
Baja brilliant ingested my curry now
think this is all set up with the unit
big unit on top of the house all I've
got to do is take this round to my
clients house install this like on their
roof hopefully it can connect to the box
on top of my house and then I can see
what speeds we can pull I think we're
gonna go round to do that tonight
because I've got loads of stuff we need
to do tomorrow I've been thinking a lot
recently about the main channel and it's
really not one of my concerns at the
moment and I haven't uploaded on there
for a while however LG as you guys know
I've said they wanted to sponsor a new
desk set of thing which I'm gonna go
ahead and do but I asked you guys for
some suggestions on what videos you'd
like to see on that and one of the
highly requested ones as well as the
peer box opening which I already do was
omegle videos so I'm gonna be on omegle
soon make sure you follow me on Twitter
because that's why we put in the illegal
interest out there on Twitter so you
guys can find and then we can do some
awesome omegle videos that should be
fairly fun to do I'm literally just
watching minam enters one now he's such
a funny guy I love his
he's great he's a good lad but yo guys
I'm gonna end today's a video here sorry
it was only a short one I really wanted
to come to you guys and say you know
what and gives them stuff way for you
guys and thank you very very very much
we're approaching almost 300,000
subscribers so if you want to speed up
the process be sure to invite some
friends to channel make sure they're all
subscribed and watch the videos make
sure you got your notifications turned
on some awesome projects in the future
but for now my Lisbon Alex you guys have
been awesome stay awesome and keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
video adios
ready
