how the hell'd you do that good
afternoon guys how are y'all doing my
name is of course I like some welcome
back to another daily video the sun is
shining today feeling positive Vince the
gym actually cooks some food for once as
you guys know I usually always get a
ready meal or takeaway so for me to cook
that's a little bit different as I said
I'm feeling positive I've been to the
gym I've got to do a tech flow video
this afternoon well I don't have to but
I want to the only problem I found with
this daily vlogging thing right is the
spark videos on this website right as
many people do and before I did daily
videos there was a major spark for if I
wanted to create content if I were to do
a video I cannot wait to do this video I
can't wait through this video I can't
wait to make this video and I'm not
saying it's not like that anymore but
the fact is I wake up every single
morning to make a video for you guys
know that by the end of the day I've got
to have a video made about why I've done
in that day and it's hard to explain by
the way this has arrived I don't know
what it is so let's open it but what I
mean is that sometimes I have a major
spark to make videos but I really want
to make this video but 9 times out of 10
because I do this thing all day every
day I've lost that spark I don't have
that I can't wait to make that video
because the new videos every single day
so it's like normal it will be any
humane to wake up with your mornings
thinking I guess I can't wait to make
that video do you understand what I mean
but today I really want a video and I
don't know I just feel like really
positive today and you guys should too
got a good weather we've got a package
then what's inside it inside the brain
of Alex anyway let's move on to this
little package here I'm not sure what's
inside slice this puppy open
teach inside a package a that's exactly
what I've asked for okay pretty much
what this is it's a major disappointment
because it's for Android phones only but
you put it in your car and it makes your
car pretty freakin awesome you can be
like voice commands and stuff Logitech
have sent this out for me I'm gonna I'm
gonna check it out a little play with it
I think later not today though later
I'm sorry logitech but I don't have time
for you today I have other things
planned still from what I've seen it
says smart car mouth with voice
controlled app for Android only it looks
pretty good done cool
so I'm gonna set up and record this tech
flow video first which have been dying
to record all day and pretty much what
I'm doing is talking about what I think
about the Apple event because I have
some thoughts on it and I want to share
them on a tech flow video so I'm gonna
do that today there we go I'm just
finished up recording
let's have flow video I loved it
there we go tech flow video or recorded
we're just rendering out now so
hopefully I can get up tonight and get
my thoughts on the iPhone 7 out there
and we can have some discussion on on
tech slow on the comments section on
that video very very interesting stuff
so portly fountain forward to the office
today so we can sort of install the skin
on it that I wanted to put on it now you
guys have said that you think the white
skin will be best to go on it because
then we can do the designs straight on
to it and we can get Mir to do all the
core designs that she does that like she
did on the inspire one but do it on the
phantom4 instead
so hopefully thanks to slick raps I can
get in here oh yeah what I thought we
could do is well as I said thanks to
slip raps sending these out if you guys
want some slick raps head to slick raps
they do phantom raps and absolutely
everything but well I need to figure out
how this works and how this actually
goes on here because I have no wait a
minute wait a minute wait a minute
it was at this moment Jackson knew he
 up so it's not right here
something isn't right at all these are
for the inspire one not the Phantom 4 Oh
No I've been fully mugged off ha ha I
must have set to split raps gonna have a
inspire one Rufus that have a phantom 4
up oh no that's a drop of an email quick
well she goes that idea then I was so
looking forward to putting these on here
as well
I've sentence lit raps an email
hopefully they can sort us out with the
slip rap for the Phantom 4 and then we
can get the custom designs done Oh done
why to do that today as well
I'm gonna take all of these skins back
with me and put them next to all of the
drone
so when we do get an inspire we've got
our skin to put straight on it but we
need to get a skin for the Phantom 4 so
we can have it all looking quite uniform
and sexual right I need to go to see my
mum because I haven't seen her in ages
what the highlight of your life is
watching a mars bar vlog that's nice no
please right Cheers Graham I'll see you
soon
what it's bright isn't it right I'll see
you soon bye-bye mom see you soon bye
all right I'm going to hang the drone
back up on the drone wall for another
day sorry mr. phantom for you will stay
unwrapped for now Oh guys I'm so pumped
I've literally I've just booked sausage
party at the cinema you know you guys
know the sausage party it's the one
where that sausage is in that and then
oh my god I'm the chosen one and then
they go to the kitchen and they get
slaughtered
I'm going to see that tonight I've
literally just booked it in like two
hours so I can't wait Sweet Valley
productive day today I've done a load of
boring errands early this morning that I
didn't want to do manage to go to the
gym record a tech flow video and now my
reminders list on my phone is getting a
little bit shorter and I absolutely hate
those jobs that you just don't want to
do but you just got to do him manage
through all of those this morning Oh
but anyway money's been Alex you guys
have been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
video adios
