good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is of course Alex you see that
white that white little box I just put
in the back of the car funny little
story for you right this is really and I
find this stuff really interesting and
it's another little business and when I
set up let me try and explain it but
first I'm going to turn the aircon on in
this car because it's so hot right for
those veterans of you or those that have
been around for a long time I know that
when I moved into my new house I
couldn't live stream and I couldn't do
daily videos for a long time because my
internet was horrible I couldn't get any
cable there wasn't any cable in the area
and the best I could get down the phone
line was 1 to 2 Meg down and like 0.20
up which isn't going to cut it for doing
daily video so I had to do something
about it so I spoke to some local people
and I had installed on top of my house a
massive massive dish which points over
to another massive massive dish about
five miles away and from that link I can
get about 100 Meg up and a hundred Meg
down and that is now what I have at my
house and that's what I've had at my
house for the last sort of half a year
no I thought to myself wait a minute
there's all of these people's houses
around me including my girlfriend's
which I'm at now and choosing the Nets
but next village along all of these
people have really crappy internet too
so why don't I install a dish at my
house and give it to these other people
and make some money off it this thought
is amazing that I was managed to get
internet from one place to another about
for like 0.4 of a mile away
through Wi-Fi how amazing is that how
cool is that
finally thank God I'm home and this is
why I'm so happy to be home
because if I just click the menu button
on here
navigate to apple TV turn up the volume
play play play play in the brook yes
okay so today I went to town with Mia to
get some uni stuff with us obviously you
guys know she's off to uni very soon as
I didn't get some bits and bobs for that
she's still not finished getting all of
her stuff yet which is very stressful
for her but we've been out we're now
back and I'm back just in time just in
time just in time for the Apple event
you guys know I'm at war now now I'm not
gonna say I'm not really a massive
fanboy I do just really like Apple
devices like really liked them quite a
lot and today if you're living under a
rock this is the Apple Keynote today it
is the seventh of yrr what month are we
in seventh of September no no please
don't mind me I'm just gonna watch the
keynote for the next two hours right
guys I'll keep you updated on this bad
boy
so they've done a series too on the
Apple watch in my opinion really not
worth the upgrade because all they put
in which houses are brighter screen but
both bright enough as it is
it has GPS and it's water-resistant well
I always take mine off when I go in the
shower anyway cuz I don't want to damage
it and yeah
finally now it's water resistant and
it's been faster
in my opinion definitely not worth the
upgrade or even a new generation of
watch seamlessness between the two
we're producing a pristine mirror-like
surface the enclosure then goes through
an anodization process okay now this
this is quite cool now this is the
reason I want an iPhone 7 if the camera
does what they say it's gonna do it's
gonna be an amazing camera on this new
iPhone amazing okay I'm really trial
into this but I'm gonna let you guys
know they've gotten rid of the head
Paquita Casa de it is so interesting so
so interesting
I haven't been able to do this for a
while but I do just look coming to the
office at night listening to some
Spotify but my Spotify open just there
with all the colorful LEDs on and doing
my emails it's great doing it at night
because you're so chill in here but like
the last few weeks I've had to do it in
the day because I've had things I've
needed to do in the evenings I've
finished up all my emails now so I can
talk to you guys I'm gonna start up some
discussion on QT I'm gonna leave a
thread in the description you guys click
on the link I'm gonna write some stuff
and I want you guys to give me your
feedback on this because first off let
me tell you guys I'm gonna do an iPhone
7 giveaway the day it comes out I
promise you and the way I'm going to be
picking winners when it comes out will
be on QT so you may as well make sure
you signed up to Qt now the links in the
description but before I get on to
talking about the new Apple products
what I've heard some people say right is
next year when the iPhone 7s comes out
it will be Apple's 10 year 10 10th year
of making iPhones so everyone has said
hold off buying the iPhone 7 or 7 plus
this year and buy the iPhone 7s next
year because apparently it's gonna be
amazing because it will be Apple's 10th
year and making iPhones but I don't know
what to believe it personally I just
think Apple will just do a normal phone
next year like they always do it the
10th anniversary OBO its 10th
anniversary but I don't think they're
gonna do a special device over in my
opinion but we'll talk about it on Qt
let me know what you think in there and
then on the Qt link below make sure you
sign up for the giveaway as well Apple
watch was a major letdown however the
iPhone 7 looks pretty good so I'm gonna
do a video tomorrow I'm gonna come to
your base tomorrow do a video tomorrow
on tech flow about the pros and the cons
of what I saw on the Apple event and my
like personal take on it and I'm gonna
try and get an iPhone 7 plus on release
date and also buy another one and
another one to give away to you guys and
we'll go and do it we're going to try
like waiting some sort of queue
somewhere on the 16th when it comes out
here in the UK and I'm gonna try and
give one away for you guys so I'll go
buy one and give it away not sure I'm
gonna win the giveaway yet but it will
probably be over on QT so make sure you
signed up and
talk to me and give me your feedback on
the event on the Qt thread that I'll
leave in the description because I'll
give you my thoughts on it and it'll
also be in that thread I totally forgot
we've got to install the DJI skin
tomorrow so we'll get that done tomorrow
that looks like a little fun project we
can do together and also massive thanks
to all of you who give me some tips and
ideas and inspiration as to what to do
in the office regarding the
soundproofing and regarding the lights
that we're gonna put in here all right
guys I'm gonna lock myself up with this
purple light and I'm gonna say goodbye
to you guys for another day I need to
count how many days have done this daily
vlog thing right now because I'm really
not sure how many days have done this
daily vlog thing right now but it we got
to find out I do want to start putting a
number a number of them in the
description so I can see that this is
loud number 271 or however many were on
now don't have a clue but I need to
think of something we're also gonna do
for the anniversary of it coming up to a
year almost didn't these videos daily
which I don't know how I managed to do
I'm like 19 18 19 years old and I don't
know how I've done that but yeah cool -
metallics you guys have been awesome and
stay awesome and always keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's video adios
