which is my fruits in CIC all right
thank you very much yes thank you
my name is of course Alex welcome back
to another video but in the gym this
morning just as I was about to go in the
gym the UPS guy came and delivered this
off again I'm gonna say it I don't know
what it is
but we're gonna we're going to find out
like this
this time search a tidy freak what
everything needs to be in this place and
I only like to have what I need to get
the job done and I get so much stuff
just I don't know what it does to me I
did order these I know what they are
oh my god they're here no way this is
from you guys you guys told me to do
this ahh ahh
I ordered these when I was in New
Zealand and they're here right let's
take a look let's take a look this is
because the numerous comments with you
guys in Alex you need to change your
freaking shoes these are the new bad
boys
oh yes I was never a massive shoe person
before I got into YouTube but then I saw
all of these youtubers wearing like
really nice shoes and I thought me what
should I get
this was about a year ago and the new
guy said I'd get some Nike IDs so I've
got those ones and I've been wearing it
from over for over a year
wait a minute these allowed these for
over a year they went through Australia
you went through New Zealand they're a
little bit beaten up but they're the
most comfy shoes I have ever worn in my
entire life and that's why I love them
so much because I don't really care how
they look there's really really comfy to
wear
I like slippers you even know they're on
you but these well let's try them on
look at that look they say out on the
back for Alex out for Alex oh my God
look and even on the inside
they say Brooks can you guys see that in
there it's got my name on them look at
them look fresh new kicks absolutely
loving it look at that I can creep her
out now and creep around the kitchen and
no one even knows I'm coming
ah that was gonna change to an Anglo
idiot got you this time okay with me
driving to the office I've come to the
conclusion that I like the issues but
with Milosh shoes they have laces and
obviously I did the laces up but what I
was able to do is push the laces inside
of the shoes and every time I wanted to
put them on I'll take them off all I
have to do is slide them on and slide
them off simple hours no need to ever
deal with the laces but with these ones
everything just seems a little bit too
tight to do that then it was because I
got the wrong size or just because it's
the mechanics of this shoe in particular
but I like them so on my everlasting
reminders list I need to add one more
thing and that's why I've come to the
office today I absolutely love this
space right and it's annoying that I
have to keep bringing lights in this
massive tripod down here whenever I want
to film in this location the reason I
made this office was so it would make
making tech flow videos easier and yes
it accomplished that goal but it didn't
do it as a thought would they've been a
little easier but not a whole lot easier
and I wanted them to be a whole lot
easier as you can see I've got this sort
of monstrosity here with like a a click
button thing here and it just looks so
messy
and then I've got all this stuff here so
what I was thinking of doing was
mounting these soft boxes up here but I
don't really want to do that because
they're so big so what I'm gonna do is
look into an LED lighting solution mark
and have an LED up there and LED up
there and then I can turn them on and
I've got enough light to do the tech
flow videos and then all I've gotta do
is bring down the tripods and put the
camera on it and then I'm golden because
oh yeah in the secret room we have the
unboxing table here and usually those
two lights and usually the softbox which
is down there comes up here with this
softbox and then it's an entire setup on
its own doesn't need to be touched all
you need to do is click record on the
camera we have that set up up here I
just want the same thing down there
because the set up here is for unboxing
videos and the set down there is for
reviews now I want to do the periodic
unboxing video I'll leave the majority
of the unboxing videos to unbox therapy
because let's be honest he's smashing it
I want to bring out more product reviews
for you
and do it in this space down here you
can very well see we've got a lot of
products that I could review a lot of
products there we go managed to clean
everything away in here and tidy my
desktop a little bit that needs to be
closed
buzzer than that from what you guys were
saying you were saying I should take
this TV home with me put it on the wall
at home and bring my TV from home and
put it in here you guys said that would
make more sense so I need to put some
time aside to do that this is a skin for
the Phantom 4 so what I'm planning on
doing is getting this skin on the
Phantom 4 and having the same design
done on the skin that I did on the
inspire 1 and then also doing that same
design on an inspire 1 if I get one in
the future and then and then we can we
can have sort of like a uniform design
on all the drones and it will make the
drone will look even cooler which is
what we want and on top of everything
else that I need to do in here I also
need to get some soundproofing but there
right guys I'm gonna head home now
because I've got to have a call with one
of my Spanish clients and he's very you
know so I need to go and get that done
and probably edit a video for him and
then you know what I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's video
