you
Oh
good as soon as you all how are you all
doing my name is Alex and yeah it's good
afternoon I haven't just woken up and
brush my teeth no before you get the
wrong idea no no no no I haven't just
done that I'm not lazy okay so this
morning I have well I woke up Toby was
here Toby was here last night before I
get on to last night I just let you guys
know what I've done today so I woke up
this morning Toby left my house I then
went to a client meeting and filmed a
little bit of b-roll for a shoot that I
have coming up with one of my potential
clients in the future I then came back
edited the video for the secret project
which you guys saw in a time-lapse and
then I went to the gym and now I'm here
showered and I brush my teeth now twice
today
I just felt dirty so I just brushed them
again and now now I'm ready to block
right guys this needs to stop this
really does and it's it's rather
frustrating and honestly I've seen other
youtubers talk about this before and I
thought that's never gonna happen to me
I'm absolutely fine like I'm not even
like that like big on this platform
that's never gonna happen to me
and it's youtubers complaining about
like subscribers and fans coming to our
houses so I was here with Toby last
night and I mean Toby if you watch
yesterday's vlog you'll have seen that
we went to the pub and we didn't plan on
playing the pub quiz but there was a pub
quiz on so we just joined in we played
the pub quiz we came back here we
ordered pizza we were literally sat here
just watching a load of YouTube videos
moaning out and eating pizza and just
having our Sunday chill session until my
dad comes through this door right and my
dad he's a strange guy like he's 100%
nice like my daddy's is a wonderful guy
and he's taught me so much like
throughout life and yada yada yada you
get the points been a massive
inspiration to me but there's one thing
he hates and that's being woken up he is
a very very busy man he's all over the
world always down to London he's always
in the office it is office he's always
working he's constantly working he's up
at 6:00 off 6:00 and sometimes five or
morning and he goes to bed at about nine
ten o'clock at night and he gets like a
full night sleep gets up in the morning
starts work again he's like obsessed
with work and he needs his sleep so he
bust through this door and I think it
was about
twenty past twelve bust through this
door and it's like boys you're gonna
have to keep the music down you're gonna
have to keep that and he stopped halfway
through his sentence right and
originally stopped is this because he
realized that there was no noise coming
from this room we weren't even playing
music so we just pushed through the
doors as guys turn the music down what
are you doing and he stuck he's realized
we're not even we're not playing music
in here so there's obviously something
that's woke him up he's thought it was
us but it wasn't us we religious out
here watching I think we're watching
unbox therapy out of all people we
weren't playing any music all so I then
paused unbox therapy and then I could
hear the music too and I'm thinking wait
a minute is the telly on downstairs so I
run downstairs right fast as I can so
now my dad's trying to get sleep trying
to turn the telly off I walk downstairs
and they tell it off the noise isn't
coming from downstairs we then realize
the noise is coming from outside it's
now 20 to 1:00 in the morning 20 to 1:00
a.m. right in the UK 20 to 1:00 most or
99% of people are asleep right trying to
get Slee this is a normal time when
normal people will be asleep considering
it was a Sunday evening / Monday morning
everyone has work on Mondays and it
turns out four lads were outside my
house in their little I've got a picture
of it actually there's a picture of
their car I've got the number plate and
everything about the number plate and
the police have been contacted the
police were here last night I'll get
onto that in a second but they were
outside my house they've obviously got a
subwoofer in the car because it was like
making a massive bass sound they would
play my music that I play in my videos
and shouting Mars bar Mars bar outside
my house quarter to frickin one in the
morning right people are asleep
I have knit those neighbors next door
right and this is loud music this is
little playing it loud and to all these
big youtubers that say don't come to my
house don't come to my house don't come
to my I'm not too bothered about that
really like I've had fans come to my
house before I live in a village and
fans in the village realize that I live
in a village because I video around the
village and some of them come and say
hello and ask for a selfie in a photo
I've had numerous selfies and photos and
signatures outside my driveway that's
fine if you're going to arrive at my
house at half 12 at midnight on a son
day playing ridiculously loud music out
the car but you know is gonna wake me up
and the rest of the neighbors that live
round me up are you stupid
like what sort of a person does that
what sort of person does that and this
is where it gets even funnier
just after I rang the police I went
outside myself they saw me come out the
front door right and then they sped off
they sped off right and this is where I
guess even funnier
I followed the Clarkes I thought I bet
what they're gonna do is speed off and
just a little bit down the road they're
gonna Park her partner and come back in
five minutes was I correct I walk down
the road right and then literally we'd
stopped in the middle of the road just
around the corner and they will pop
though waiting for like five minutes so
I like hid behind this car and then they
reversed up they reverse back up as if
they were gonna come back to my house
and I jumped out snow smashing up my
windows they all absolutely crapped
themselves and drove up
oh my god it was so full it literally
made my day
Oh imagine a face I literally have one
in the morning I jumped out the back of
this car when they reversing down you
started smashing my fists on the back in
the window oh my god I saying guys go
away and then they literally took the
car out of reverse and sped off
ridiculously fast but yeah that's what
happened last night and is something
that I need to talk about because it's
just hilarious absolutely hilarious so
now from now on I'm gonna put a stop to
everything - even if even if fans are
gonna be outside I'm gonna uh you know
what I'll say hi but there's gonna be no
photos no nothing oh it's just that last
night pushed it over the edge and it's
just like that behavior isn't um at all
the police have been contacted they've
given them the registration numbers for
the cars so they'll be getting a message
shortly yeah that's what happened last
night and this this needs to stop
look your nip to the post office and the
recycling bin for my old clothes because
I'm going to donate them to charity oh
my god is full well I'll just leave them
there then so nice to see people
actually doing nice things like people
actually donating clothes that's so nice
like this thing is full like GG world
I are at me again is the parcel force
attract right I just do that one now all
right
no Rose thank you very much bye Jackie
cheers thank you
descendent Cheers right so I'm just pops
up at Maria's house now we're gonna go
to Ikea because she wants to get some
stuff for uni so I'm going to take it to
our key or go to Ikea with her sweet as
you can see this is rather large gates
at Mia's house all right should have
some where is it
why will my light is purple it's not
helping me see anything got I'll be in
the backseat yes electric tape what I'm
thinking is if I cover up this sensor
it's not going to close the gates and
that will mean I can get back in later
mister electric tape you go back in the
glove box where you belong to be fair
all the lights in my car are pretty cool
aren't they this is blue everywhere
remember we did the 10 pound LED car mod
look at them they're so cool
coat hangers were not my main reason for
going to Ikea but they were one of the
two items I brought back
I brought these upstairs I've left the
other item in my car the other item was
a raw plug and screw set you can
definitely tell I'm not young anymore
when that's what I'm buying for Mike
here but this room gets so messy because
I just took my clothes in here on the
chair which is actually out here because
Toby was sat on it last night so so just
throw my clothes in here I bought myself
some more hangers so what I can do is
actually hang my clothes up like a
normal human like a normal human being
now I haven't been able to vlog that
much today obviously because I had a
client meeting this morning trying to
film some stuff for one of my clients
and took up pretty much most of my
morning which is the morning when I eat
I love to vlog in the morning because
it's nice fresh and everyone's happy in
the mornings but here's the thing
obviously I respect people's privacy so
when I've alright out you know whenever
I'm doing client work I always say to
them if they don't know about my vlogs I
always say it's them look guys I'm also
a daily vlogger I do daily videos about
my life would you be okay with me
showing this client work in a vlog and
like nine times out of 10 is obviously
going to be no because these are all
private businesses that want the videos
doing for their website and company and
they don't want that being publicized in
a vlog which I totally understand but
that also becomes a bit of an issue when
I'm a daily vlogger and some project
lasts all day and I'm like what can only
do really half days because the other
part my day I like to go out and record
a vlog and be productive and sometimes
that's a bit of an awkward conversation
to have with my clients I do I'm working
for my clients every every other day at
the least like usually every single day
I've got something to edit for a client
I'm going out to film something and to
be honest I don't quite know how I do
that and without showing you guys in the
vlog I try and keep all that stuff quite
private and quite set back and but yeah
these vlogs not the only thing I do with
my day I do have a job and a business to
run and different bits and bobs like
that these vlogs as you can tell they're
not really very professional
I know I just try and do it for fun and
just to entertain people and chat to
people and do all the bits and bobs like
that as you can see quite a new
rendering out the secret project and I'm
studying Wembley Stadium giving you guys
a few little sneak peeks now but this
video is going live tomorrow morning at
9 a.m. so by the time you're watching
this vlog if you haven't seen the secret
project video it's on tech flow I'll put
a link in the description
butchers to inform you guys by the way a
little bit of a letdown LG you have got
a message and said there's been a
massive shipping delay on the monitors
so they're not going to be able to get
me any monitors anytime soon but that
says that they will hopefully be able to
do it so sometime in the near future
hopefully near future we're going to
redo this set up if you've got any
recommendations you want to see on the
set up let me know down in the
description is not in the description
owners and the comments owners commie
owners what can we call the comments the
comment us let me know down in the
comment dose and I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog adios
Oh
I'm
