morning guys however doing my name is of
course Alex and welcome to Sunday
reading yesterday's vlogs comments from
what you guys said this vlog well the
start of it at least is gonna contain
two things and those two things are one
of them being a parcel one of them being
my laptop and I think it would be a wise
idea to get the parcel out the way first
sweet okay they're not in here he
arrived today so let's just open it back
again with surprise care packages anchor
what have you sent me this time you
sneaky Devils what is this it looks like
a speaker we get no end of speakers on
this YouTube channel it's crazy there's
one more thing I'm not sure this one is
how many milliamp hours is this bad boy
that is a bit cute I like it I like it a
lot about the same size as my phone okay
cool
anklet thank you that's brilliant thanks
for the stuff guys sweet and it's got a
carrying case even better
oh and by the way also I've came to the
conclusion that what we checked out in
yesterday's video this thing it was on
charge all night and it still doesn't
work so yeah it sucks in the second part
of this video or the second part of the
intro of this video is going to involve
my laptop and it's that I've heard you
guys why honestly I've heard you and I
know what you want there really is no
definitive answer as to how anyone
should edit their videos so when you see
someone doing YouTube videos say this is
how to edit a vlog this is how you
should be doing it there's no right or
wrong way to edit a video in any
circumstance
unless you're editing a video to a brief
for a client a vlog on YouTube you edit
it in your own way you have your own
style of edits
you have your own persona you have what
you want to get across some things for
me all right some days for me I'm in
quite a funny mealy mood and I want to
put memes and funny things in the vlogs
this is great banter and some days I'm a
bit serious and some days I'm a bit
chill today is one of the most liked
series and gel ones one of them ones
it's whatever you want the video to come
across like there's no way to do it
there's no like certain way to do it
like you guys should have your own ways
of editing videos but you guys requested
it and said I like show is how you edit
a vlog or how do you go about doing I'll
show some tips and stuff now obviously
you guys do realize that I have done
this I have edited a video for the last
two hundred and eighty odd days every
single day I have edited a video and
uploaded a video to YouTube so I do kind
of know what I'm doing if that doesn't
say I do kind of understand how to edit
videos and what to do I've done enough
of it in my time when I'm on a Mac for
the vlogs I use a program called Final
Cut Pro it's really easy for editing
vlogs because it has what's called a
magnetic timeline so as soon as you
delete something the next clip magnets
to the first clip so it all flows really
nicely really quick bit of editing
software but if I'm editing like a
project for a client like a big video I
will use premiere but I don't the GAR
bit on here is all my main computer
upstairs I also in my Dropbox have a
massive YouTube folder and it has all my
thumbnails and all like funny meme stuff
like hag grid and pingu and a few
moments later and green-screen
explosions I never have a folder called
music and I have like chillstep I have a
producer that called Stephan works I
mean he doesn't meet new music brand new
music just of my vlogs over the last for
the last few months he's done that and
I'm like a hip-hop beat folder about a
comical photo
about chillstep folder and all of the
songs in here overall copyright free and
I've got like the right to use so yeah
that's woke up a music from stuff and I
search for my music on YouTube itself
and also as I say I've been in the game
long enough I know many producers out
there who make tracks and willing to let
people put them in the blogs so if you
guys want to check out some of the main
producers I use their linked in every
single video description I put on
YouTube the few main producers that I
use for like music for these vlogs and
stuff they're all in the description as
well as my outro music everything is
listed there however if you guys would
like a video that's more focused on how
I actually edit the videos maybe like a
segment where I actually show you guys
how I edit like the day befores vlog and
like do it like a time lapse of it and
let me know if you want that but those
are just a few tips and tricks on vlog
editing tips and tricks on vlog editing
there you go there's a sneaky peek at
this office building this is what where
my office is
there's a massive boardroom in here
absolutely huge
I think if I've shown you guys this
before but apparently well my is huge
Jesus and apparently this right I've
been told that this is a massive
touchscreen PC but this is touchscreen
apparently yeah look at the side of it I
was like a USB port and this this is a
computer I can't manage to turn it on oh
my god look it's a port this screen 4k
look at the size of it okay apparently
you log onto it with an NFC card I don't
I don't have that so I'm just gonna just
shut down
okay now that thing's pretty cool it's
absolutely massive look at it haven't
even know that was here beer that's a
lot around the bottom floor of this
office and I am
it's kind of it dark I am all the way my
face is all the way at the top so I've
come all the way up these stairs all the
way to the top you look down there
that's the bottom now and this this is
my office and when I see finding things
really difficult right there's three
questions that I need to ask you guys
number one right this TV here this big
one right I might take that TV back to
my house and have it in my room at home
and bring my TV from home here right
because this TV absolutely awful for
gaming absolutely horrible gaming
computer or gaming screen gaming monitor
it lags it as input like it's just not
for playing games whereas my screen at
home in my room works fine for playing
games that's absolutely fine but I want
to play games here not at home and I use
my TV at home for consuming media like
watching Netflix and stuff this is
perfect for that
so this TV seems like a better fit for
my room and the one in my room seems
like a better fit for in here
so I might change those out soon guys
let me know if a shirt ii think you guys
not find that time is going with dick
killer sleep fast or is this just a
personal thing to me i started recording
this vlog mid-afternoon right about 3 4
p.m. and now right now da not obviously
you guys give a lot yes Alex of course
the nights are now getting shorter it's
gonna be getting dark earlier yes I
understand that I'm not really talking
about it getting dark I'm talking about
it'll it's you seem like five minutes
ago it's 4 o'clock and I started this
blog in my kitchen in the afternoon but
now it's dark and it's like 8 o'clock
just find that guy obviously no time to
do anything so you guys humming this
issue is time going far too fast for you
um my mom's 20 but that's mental my next
birthday I'll be 20 years old that is
scary
now the reason I'm talking about time is
because I'm trying to find ty
to livestream at the moment Mira is
taking up a large portion of my time and
that isn't a complaint at all I'm trying
to find time to livestream right this is
what I'm so concerned about time as I
said me is taking up a large portion of
my time and I enjoy spending time with
Hertz my girlfriend obviously but I want
to find more time it's a live stream I'm
trying to pick some dates Toby just
snapchat me saying he was outside the
office what's going on but here's the
good news as far as live-streaming is
concerned meter goes to human II very
soon right
so that means I have a little bit more
time in the evenings and I like to
livestream in the evenings so when she
does go to uni we can get a schedule
together but as of now she's not going
to be here for another two weeks and I
do want to go live a few times between
well now in the next few weeks until she
goes to uni so just make sure you're
following my twitch link it's in the
description and turn on the
notifications and I'm just gonna go live
at random times when I have a spared a
bit of time and all I play some games we
go live so just make sure you follow my
Twitter so you get the notification to
put anything I'll set any dates and
times in stone just yet but I do want to
go lives and make sure you following my
twitch and all of my other social media
I've got Twitter at Facebook they're
everything if you want to just keep in
contact with what I'm doing it all goes
on social media and everything just
follow my Twitter Instagram everything
I'm really active on my social medias
for those of you that don't know so I
want to see all you guys making sure
you're on board on all of the social
media platforms that way you stay
updated and you can chat to me and also
it's Sunday a little bit of a getting
things together day guys if you don't
have your notifications on from our
videos and you've got a phone go on and
YouTube up on your phone go to all your
favorite youtubers and turn on your
notifications don't do it for me do it
for all your favorite youtubers so you
get like the notifications when they
upload and I follow the light this is
mission fine Toby now I don't know he's
confusing me he just sent me a snapshot
like five minutes ago saying I'm here
and sent me a snapchat of my office and
it's not here
okay turns out totems been in my room
this whole time you snapchat me didn't
you it's not you sent me a snapchat up
in my office like five minutes ago ten
minutes ago I was in my office so it's
looking out the window trying to find
where you were listen uh put your
you stroke past it in games right here I
literally thought we were on the vlog in
the car park looking around for you we
thought your parts of UK what was the
second largest city in the United
Kingdom so we just come back from the
pub quiz had a few bit there's nothing
to eat all day either so it's just like
taking a look the worst toll on me just
trying this corner there I think the
Domino's guys yeah oh yes look at him
also what drinking night
