good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is of course I like to check this
out just check it the Phantom 4 has
managed to stay on the wall hasn't
fallen off yet which is great just need
inspire one there my drone train is
coming up this week so that means once I
get that done hopefully I pass it we can
get this by one not really sure why I've
started my blog out from my cupboard
it's because this is where I keep my
camera yeah I tell you what few of you
guys been asking me what the processes
of doing vlogs every day and since I've
started out I've picked up coming here
picked up my camera my camera lives in
here overnight when I'm not using it in
this cupboard let me tell you guys what
I do
okay I've got two battery charges and
this battery is number one I have five
batteries and they all have numbers on
them so I don't know where they are
sorry I don't know where they are so I
can keep track of where they all are
I've got back to number two in the
camera right now and batching the one is
charging now this battery this is just a
backup battery as you can see it says
vivitar on it that's because it's not a
genuine Sony battery it's just like an
off-brand battery that I bought for like
the five pounds so yeah that's how I
start I leave my camera in here and I
come in and format memory card and then
yeah if you guys want to do a video on
how I edit the video edit the vlogs then
let me know and I'll do it tomorrow
let me know in the comments now
oh no you guys are gonna tell me off I
left the door open the weather today is
just awful
but I just can't comprehend the can't
get my head around that how nice it's
been the last few days whilst I've been
in London to be fair luckily whilst I
was in London the weather was really
good it a little bit of shame if it was
like this all right guys gives me two
minutes I just need to put something on
Twitter and sort out a video and then
I'm just gonna open those parcels I
really am they're so annoying literally
just slap that right let me get this
done and then I'll be with you guys
right are we ready three two one
here we go right these two parcels as
you guys know have been on my desk for
the last two weeks why are we ready then
it dips sky blue which one do we open
first okay how about we open how about
we open the small one how about we start
with this small little baby one and then
and then we'll open a big one I think
that sounds like a plan to me what is
this what could this be - Bluetooth
speaker
nice packaging this is nice okay okay
we've got the general crap that
companies put on the back of things
three sixes down connect to another
device charge it up speakerphone built
to go app simplicity you know what these
best be good because I've literally
literally kept them sat here on my desk
for the last week and not open them I
don't know why after that I'm gonna pair
it to my phone and then we can play some
damn shoes I think it might be
connecting oh look it says install the
app let's do it buddy right I'm just
gonna go onto my Spotify for a second
let's listen to a bit of Holly Alex's no
no no now scrap actually no scrap that I
know what we need no way look at this
but it's sick you swipe it to go to the
next track and you press it to pause
just tap it
doesn't smell very nice but it's a nice
little portable speaker but this was the
smaller box of the Tim oh wow look at
that
you even get a braided microUSB cable I
like this company already okay that
those speakers are quite cool guys sick
but I think this one's bigger I think
this one's quite a bit bigger good paper
get away okay this one's bigger prefer
companies that do like Apple S boxes
when their products just don't really
stack up to the box a bit annoys me like
it's cool but it's not that what were
the portable speaker so nice having a
little touch controls and so just
independent how would it look or nice
but if it doesn't sound good then what's
the point I'm not saying it doesn't
sound good but I'm saying like the
speakers out there that a small honest
and sound better this one is a bit
bigger than what is got the same marquee
USB cable and these look like attachment
so you can put this handle on it or this
little thing here they've got the
presentation right and presentation is
key I'll give them that
nice I'm assuming it has the same touch
controls here let's just turn it on
okay let's got a micro USB cable and put
this thing in wait to get some juice up
in here
love you into the USB hub and we've got
a pin like I think that means recharging
can we turn it on now
No okay let's leave it five minutes and
see what happens the thing is with this
whole YouTube thing right as soon as a
company tells me Alex we're gonna send
you out of product and we want you to
say this this in this I'm like no no way
I'm not so I'm not gonna lie like what's
the point in that
boy the point and a government sending
their products and telling me to say
things about it what I'm down for is a
company sending me a product I'm totally
fine McDuck but they give me free rein
to say to you guys whatever I think
about the product whether I like it or I
don't
and with those speakers yeah they look
cool yeah they have cool touch things on
them so what what's the point in having
a good-looking speaker it doesn't sound
good I've listened to that first one
already and there's better speakers out
there that sound better and there are
even smaller
whilst I'm waiting for this bad boy to
charge we need to discuss the phantom4
giveaway winner now all of you who
entered congratulations
well freakin done for entering a five
before giveaway but unfortunately this
comes the tricky part there's only one
winner and that winner that winner is
going to be announced on QT so I'll drop
a link in the description to the QT page
where the winners there right okay he's
there and you can find out if it's you
or not put the link in the description
and you'll find out if it was you so
well done you've got 24 hours and 48
hours to reply to me there you go
fronting for winner announced on QT
right this thing's been a charge now for
a bit I wouldn't be essentially got some
juice in it she'll give it again I set
the charging cable out let's try and
turn it on still absolutely
I so weird right I've got back plugged
it in it's been plugged in here for
about an hour if this thing doesn't work
it doesn't work it doesn't work it
literally doesn't work okay okay okay
okay okay I'm not gonna jump to
conclusions I'm not gonna jump to
conclusions and we'll leave it on charge
overnight and we'll give it a go
tomorrow isn't it you've been in charge
for about an hour now and the other one
works fine I've got the boat down here
guys this also let me know if you want
to giveaway of them I'm more than happy
to let them look like do a giveaway you
guys cuz I love you I love you Isis I
mean obviously I'm not gonna do a
giveaway soon that doesn't even work so
I'm just gonna put it back in on charge
and then leave it leave it like tonight
and then lights up its in this charging
but yeah let me know if you want to give
away any stuff oh hello Betsy don't be
scared look at my pretty room with all
the lights on it looks so pretty look at
it isn't it so pretty look at it fill it
shoot is honestly so cool absolutely
love it but it used to be cheaper it
just does a good the Sun set over there
oh wow that is actually wicked
okay I'm gonna finish this video off
with the time-lapse that's awesome I'm
literally just about to drop the guys
over at PlayStation an email to see if
they can hook me up with the VR stuff
the place they should be asked that as
soon as it comes out so it can do some
content on that as soon as it comes out
but guys let me know if you want me to
do a how I edit my vlogs video sort of
type things segment in the video
tomorrow so know a lot of you are
interested and if you want the video
then just let me know when I'll try and
piece it together somehow but yeah let
me know but for now - Ben Alex you guys
been awesome stay awesome and obviously
keep smiling and I'll see you in
tomorrow's video
let me go Oh live streaming we'll talk
about that tomorrow as well got some
cool dates - you win some cool streams
anyway guys yes
