oh god oh god oh god oh no no whoa good
morning guys how are you all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome
welcome back guys to another daily vlog
I bought some smoke bombs for one reason
and one reason only you guys well you
must have seen these cinemagraph things
that I do on Instagram to get a hell of
a load of views and a lot of you guys
love them I've even do a whole dedicated
video on how how to film and edit them
and shoot them I think I just smoked
myself out of my own bedroom app so this
morning has actually been quite boring
for me and today is quite a miserable
day well guys as you can see that that's
just not motivating at all is it like
that
I've actually been for a really long
boring meeting this morning about the
new house you brought things yourself
Alex about some new house that's not
boring that's meant to be really
exciting isn't it and know this was one
of the more boring meetings somehow
ended in a positive though I ended up
taking out all of the the chocolates
they have on the table
guys I swear to god these traffic lights
are the bane of my existence
every time guys I tried to come to the
office these lights these lights they
stopped making it's a fake he's a fake
he's got the John Cooper Works back on
his car but is naturally John Cooper
Works how rude of him all right guys I'm
gonna joke in any mini is a great car I
absolutely love them if you were if you
can't tell and that's not paid imagine
as many paid me to say things that be
mental well that's kind of cool isn't it
thank you to a pink cat shop guys okay I
want to go ahead guys and just give a
massive shout out real quick too slick
rap slick revolution so as you guys know
I love me some Electric skateboards and
I've always ridden slick revolution
balls because as you guys know the
infamous boosted board is really hard to
get hold of here let get even really
lucky if you can find one on eBay
awesome so when I was in LA with mr.
George Benson himself he convinced me he
convinced me if it wasn't for him I
would not have one of these he was a
Alex with both today gonna go and buy
some booster boards and I managed to
bring it home on the aeroplane all the
way here with me so that is how I have
won
I'd say guys there are all of my
Electric skateboards here the boost it
was by far the best even compared to
this one but now in the making for the
last year has been this slick revolution
flex board if you've watched one of my
skateboarding videos before you'll know
that flex is exactly what I love it
looks
so good and this is my name and they
even go ahead and supply on them these
rough stuff wheels because if you've
never been to the UK and you don't know
the roads out here compared to the u.s.
are full of potholes pebbles rubble and
anything that a skateboard wouldn't like
just to go ahead and explain to you guys
these are normal skateboard wheels as
you can see there's no grip on them
these should make those UK people very
very happy I do have one problem with
slick revolution and by with the
controller the thing that you hold and
interact with it just plain doesn't
really feel very good it's like plasticy
and a bit cheap and I have how I spoken
to the guys over it's the revolution
about this and they are saying that well
maybe they mother working on a new
controller with like you know maybe it's
gonna be it's gonna be amazing
maybe so we can cross our fingers for
that but they is the only downside to
slick levels but hey I'm gonna shut up
let's take this thing out shall we
so guys here we are I've got the remote
in my hand I'm gonna go on a little bit
I found a bit of a quiet road here so
I'm just gonna go down and see what I
think of this board this oh wow I can't
feel any bumps or anything
guys it's so smooth it's not even making
any noise or anything
this UPS firm probably thinks I'm about
to rob him I should probably move break
test very good my eyes are watering guys
instantly I can tell that this board
this board was designed and made for to
the UK roads I love it is so smooth it
doesn't even feel like I'm riding a
skateboard feels like I'm on a magic
carpet if there ever is such a thing Wow
noise when the electric motor is louder
making that's a very very good thing
instantly instantly in love with this
thing right guys I'm gonna try a little
bit of off-roading yeah off-roading on a
twirl on a skateboard right look at this
look at this thing hope look at it
actually coke
okay so I'm not quite sure how good that
inspired footage actually was cuz I've
told you guys it's really horrible and
overcast today but this board if the
inspire wasn't good it's amazing I love
it so much it's so so cool
so guys it's about 4:30 p.m. right now
it's just gotten dark I've been testing
this board out for the last hour and it
only drops two bars of fuel so I think
it's been pretty good on the battery
test but I have to let you guys know
over a longer period as soon as I'm in
here I may as well pop in to the shops
tolik she's probably all saying what's
the verdict slip evolution flex or boots
depart just tell us which one you take
and well that's kind of a difficult
choice for example batteries let's go a
long way this board it's got you back
definitely better battery than this
thing the battery on this is actually
shocking you wanting a smoother more
comfortable ride yeah definitely this if
you wanting a faster top speed and don't
get me wrong
both of these boards are absolutely
rapid but faster top speed definitely
goes to this but then if you want to
pull this maybe a little bit lighter
than this then this is lighter than this
if you're an acceleration junkie those
motors on the Boosters boards well
you're not really gonna beat them now
acceleration on this it is unlike
anything the last one looks do you
prefer the look of this board or this
board that's totally your choice but for
now guys I think it's time to take down
the little baby board so we can all say
hello to the new sheriff in town sweet
hey guys I just wanted to fill you in on
something real quick
part four of building this room well I'm
gonna be recording it very very soon and
I cannot wait to start live streaming up
here and have 2018 a year for streaming
and a year of fun and a year of awesome
awesome awesome content I'm gonna even
check out the tech flow set this thing
is wicked that's sick right then guys
I've been slacking loads recently I
haven't been well doing as much exercise
as I want to all I've done in the last
three days of it being vlogging is play
one game of squash and gone for one run
so I need to keep it up quick gym
session not going to the actual gym
though I'm just gonna use the gym in the
house
quick sesh or finished only a quick 128
minutes
sweet then guys I'm gonna win today's
video here if you guys enjoyed it please
make sure you smash up the light rating
guys and share the videos with a friend
it would really help me out guys but for
now my name's been Alex you guys have
been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling and as usual I'll see you in
tomorrow's daily vlog guys the grind
never stops
