just gonna park a little bit further
down the road so I don't have to pay ten
pounds to parking that car park just
there for three or four hours I think
ridiculous
May down to the train this morning I
kind of lost my voice a little bit which
is a little bit of an issue but I'm
going back to London to film the second
part of the secret project this morning
and then I think we're going to add to
PlayStation and check out some really
cool biasted hopefully a Sunday but I'm
so tired and I've lost my voice
so after numerous troop delays I finally
arrived to where I need to be to record
the second part of the secret project my
voice is getting worse so I really don't
know how this is gonna go at all wish me
luck
sweet that's it the secret project part
2 has been filmed and we're all ready to
go now we're just jumping in a taxi I'm
gonna go to PlayStation we're going to
PlayStation now this time filming
the other way play will be on screen
it's totally like
Swayne pretty much you put hats on and
you move and you can literally see the
good movie and you can look around the
gun is just insane
get the real world
video you went that way yeah absolutely
what's doing ya know that which is
already there yeah that really each
other the kid actually refused but fuse
box and then you get a whole new Enzo so
prior to it changes his job so you never
get the same guy not so amazing
I keep forgetting that you can look
around my I think as soon as you realize
that you like interact we can delete
your Tobin
I changed his dimension yeah
immaturity twenties they're already into
it
just something no worries me yeah I love
a bit Kate - that's right it's so loud
on this train
right there so so now the PlayStation be
offering
phenomenal objects you guys about it
when we get back
shouldn't we around like bloom and blew
my mind
guys the last two days have been
absolutely mental can you hear my voice
I've lost my voice lately lost my voice
I've spoken to that many people been
doing that many awesome things and it's
actually it's just dawned on me how
annoyed I am that I can't tell you guys
about the secret the project that I've
been doing for the last two days he
likes yesterday morning and this morning
so it's just such a cool opportunity
you've got and I can't tell you guys
about it until Monday so god damn
frustrating because oh my god guys you
can see what I've done this morning I'm
legit I can't tell ya it's come so
annoying but well anyway the PlayStation
VR guys can you hear my voice the
PlayStation VR thing was incredible
hopefully fingers crossed they're gonna
hook me up with one of these plug
PlayStation VR honestly honestly it was
the best thing literally you pull this
headset on you're in a virtual reality
world and it's not like oculus quality
like you think oculus quality is good
like virtual reality this is like 1080p
all around you but this is proper
virtual reality just look so crisp like
it's a TV in front of you but everywhere
insane right and the best one was like
this gun and I held this good in my hand
you look down and you can move the gun
around and you can look round the gun it
was just amazing honestly I'm not even
ever exaggerating if I can get one of
these if I can get them to sell me one
of these before release or on release
I'll do so many videos on it because it
is so goddamn cool but I need to rest up
because my voice is gone
and I want to be able to vlog tomorrow
I've literally had like three hours
sleep and over the last 48 hours and 100
absolute shatters so guys I'll Cosby my
husband Alex you guys been awesome sales
and keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's video I love you all up
I've had a hectic few days my voice is
gone ah have you guys allowed a good
Friday is
