morning guys how y'all doing my name is
of course Alex welcome back to another
daily video you guys know when I'm at
this car park and the Sun while it looks
like Morning Sun as you can see you guys
obviously know that I'm going to London
no but perfect loners with you guys I've
been to London hello camera I've been to
London a fair amount this last week and
today today is very very special and
I've had an absolutely awesome
opportunity you guys know I love
internet and stuff and all edit edit
anything to do with getting an internet
connection I absolutely find so
fascinating right I'm going to the
shouldn't said that link to check out
some new awesome gear the guess you're
very fast internet I've invited me down
to check it out I can't wait
righto calves arrived in London pretty
much to cut a long story short and to
explain all the beeps to you guys I'm
not actually sure if I'm allowed to tell
you where I'm going yet until I get
there and I asked them if I'm allowed to
tell you pretty much I'm gonna go and
check out some brand new technology but
I can't tell you where or the company or
anything is not released yet
whatever it is it should be pretty cool
so I hope I can tell you I hope I can
put it in oh it's so annoying when
companies do this to me so I'm currently
on my way to this special thing which I
don't I don't I still don't know if I'm
allowed to tell you guys where I'm going
or not don't have a clue we'll find out
when I'll literally walk down this road
here and I get there and I ask him over
like guys gonna put this in the vlog or
not just be honest with me because it's
really annoying man I want to tell you
guys what I'm doing if not you guys
aren't on Monday what I've done today
okay a few moments later prescribe just
finished filming this morning this
secret project that I'm not allowed to
tell you guys anything about probably
until I think Monday but I've actually
got to go back tomorrow morning now as
well to finish off filming so I think I
didn't quite finish today I didn't quite
get it finished so I'll go back tomorrow
morning that's where I've just been
get the rest of that film the secret
project and then tomorrow afternoon
we're off the PlayStation to do some
really cool stuff there as well
so coming back here tomorrow to finish
up filming in the morning for the secret
project and then in the afternoon we're
doing something with Playstation which
will be even more fun and when I'm with
Jack and we're having we're having
Nando's or we're going to have Nando's
let me just explain in just a second is
in a few of my videos this guy just
helped me with a few of my stuff like to
do with youtubers dub keep watching Alex
and turn on boat applications to get his
videos to your phone turn on
notifications thanks Nando's for a
slightly hot meal trade out the extra
hot sauce wasn't really that hot yeah of
course yeah we spin it up hello hello
Matt how you doing you're on my blog if
you want to thank you no worries guys
have a nice day yeah I just made my data
which is literally of mewad a love
meeting you guys in person just when I'm
out I'm not out there but in town
coming up to me a little bit you guys
are amazing
my train I need to go there we go back
in my hometown finally
oh that's been a long morning and I'm
quite annoyed I'm just a bit
disappointed but I can't talk to you
guys about what we've been doing this
morning I thought I could and I said it
at the start this video so I'm gonna
have to like beep it all outside I've
heard a lot of beeps at the start it's
super annoying that I can't like tell
you guys yet but I promise you it's
awesome I promise you it's really cool
and I like I like cool things I promise
you it's cool I promise I promise you
there's not really much more that can
frustrate me like this YouTube thing is
really cool I absolutely love it the one
thing I dislike is an NDA non-disclosure
agreements from I'm not allowed to tell
you guys what I just done until a
certain date and that really annoys me
but obviously has to be done for a
reason but I just want to tell you guys
what I've done I really do be calm and
also most annoying things it's so simple
and so cool but well I think it's cool
anyways I'm a nerd
sweet guys look they're both white now
they're both white speakers my OCD has
finally been cured what do you know Aang
let's see you like able to no good you
look a bit scared to be fair most people
are scared and a point this big camera
this is live me vlogging this I'll do it
so tell microphone on press record and
then though if I press the bin it turns
the screen off so it doesn't look like
I'm recording but it is recording you
say you gotta have these tricks right
and then it's like gotta be energetic
you can't mess about you can't be hey
guys Snowden it's gotta be energetic
you've got to be like so guys I'm just
in the middle of a live stream right now
absolutely loving it I was really
stressed early because I couldn't get
the stream to work couldnt get it to
turn on I was using a different program
yadda yadda yadda it just wouldn't work
and it was so frustrating using this
program right now and it seems we're
working we're all listening for details
and everybody is spamming in the chat
see if you can see yourself as Mila
vlogging live this is so cool exception
but it's not because of live streaming
so it's livestream exception I don't
even know I'm so hyper and I'm
absolutely loving it this is so cool and
look this the 747 people in here blog
blog look at look look what we've done
this is amazing I'm gonna take it that
you guys want more live streams right
and if you do fall out make sure you
follow me on Twitch it's in the
description so go follow me on there
we're gonna start playing some games you
some cool stuff looking like guys you
can see me I'm live-streaming cuz it's
meant so everyone can see the camera the
camera can see uhm yeah guys I'm gonna
end today's vlog here this has been sick
I'm so happy that we've started this
stream off it's so so happily and
everyone's like so happy the one to do
more stuff right that's sick
look there you can see me blogging like
I'm cool
right guys I get it in today's vlog here
I do hate you enjoy together like racing
would be absolutely awesome my husband
Alex you guys have been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video adios
