corny guys how are y'all doing my name
is of course I like some welcome back to
another daily vlog okay I'm gonna put
this out there I'm gonna put it out
there gonna put it out there on the
interwebs I'm hanging I'm dying
I went hot last night I mean the boys
went out and never usually go out which
is why I'm such a wooden stair
lightweight we had a lot to drink
you can bat me up on that literally all
morning I've been trying to recover I've
been in bed doing a lot of work for
cutie by the way tomorrow or the day
after tomorrow I'm going to be
announcing the winner of the DJI
phantom4 giveaway I did when I first
entered New Zealand or Sydney about
months ago when I went over there I did
a DJI phantom4 giveaway the way to enter
that all you got to do is sign up to Qt
and then that is it get yourself on
there and start creating a few pages on
there and then if we see your pages and
we like them then you're going to be out
it into a chance to win I thought I'd
let you guys know something I'm picking
the winner over the next two days so
Gong QT start making some QT is gay self
signed up and get yourself on the
platform for a chance to win a phantom
for
hopefully with this coffee in hand and
four down it nice and quick you guys
always told me off for doing this but
you know right let's vlog so what we did
yesterday was we got rid of all of the
stuff down here so all this stuff down
here we just put under here so just
under here this is all of the stuff
we've got the Phantom four box and all
over the peer box stuff all organized in
an orderly fashion down below we've got
one box two box three bucks if you guys
do want a semi PA box stuff I get you
guys ask him in the comment section all
the time as in all my videos it's in the
description you look at the description
it has my address you can send stuff to
it I get a lot of people sending stuff
or not paying for postage though so just
make sure you pay for the postage
obviously otherwise I'm not gonna get it
so there's a few more bits here there's
like a skateboard and a cushion and some
Jordans and my knife shoes and a phantom
and a teddy bear a vast array of items
but we can sort that Joey show you how I
can sort it RNA you wanna know a real
Renee time lapse
right so that is the majority of that
sources bloody I was ringing me the one
thing I have noticed is it looks like
there's some oil marks on the floor I'm
gonna have to get those out if you'll be
able to and I do need to get rid of all
this stuff but it's at least this a
start
cuz I want that table just to be on its
own I don't what I'm going to do with
this stuff you guys want to give away
ever pillow that says Alex on it then
let me know in the comments now this
this right here this is the room but I
really really really need to sort out
because all the drone stuff is gonna go
there brocco comes them some windows
crack it I literally have no idea where
to start like this just stuff everywhere
and this is the room that needs to be
tidy and I don't know what to do right
okay
we're just gonna have to do this damage
feel to it debris against right so
that's that chair a little bit more tidy
and she'd sort out all of this drone
stuff this this is the inspire 1 remote
which I managed to salvage with the I
think it's got a limp antenna on it way
to do that yeah look at that
Oh God and then a load of spare props
for it and it inspiring a charger
brought them back with me because I'm
gonna get another inspire at some point
and it will be useful to have two
charges and I've also got and inspire
battery as well so when or if I do get a
new inspire we've got some accessories
and stuff
right so gaming laptops they're inspired
batches they're all the old inspire
stuff is packed in this corner and then
over here this is the charging stations
this is the bin and I've got a bit of
alcohol there the inspire one used to
live there
obviously that's dead down here Oh got a
charging station this is the charger for
this bub boy now we do need to learn to
fly that at some point this is the
charger for the Phantom 4 and just
underneath that is the charger for that
laptop the inspire 1 charger is just in
here somewhere with other inspire 1 so
this is going to be a hack to make this
a lot nicer ok so your average Joe
flying a DJI product right plugs in
their phone with probably the cable that
comes with their phone right which is a
long cable which you plug this in here
like this and that's just a long cable
that you don't need now luckily anchor
do this really short cable and it's
literally perfect
if you plug it in the back here it just
reaches round 2 plug into your phone
absolutely perfect lamp just took it in
there and then this controller for now
can literally sit where the old inspire
1 controller used to sit that's perfect
obviously if and when I do get an
inspired we are gonna have to change
this a little bit
now this needs to go up here somewhere
but I think it has to go on this wall
here because the inspire lives there
okay for this we're going to need a
drill some screws and a drill bit set
sweet job out it's it's a blur perfectly
that's wicked have you come in hopefully
in a few weeks time we'll maybe give it
a month we'll have an inspire one
phantom four and then the racing drone
down there but for now that's a good
start
I've got the drone out of my room or pin
a holster everything's a bit more
organized and easy to grab when we need
it
and it's where we need it where we need
it know where we need it when we need it
and that is the key look at the sunset
this evening it's getting us lens flares
if we can get one ready
eyebrows a sweet line I can definitely
vlog it was sweet like yeah sweet night
it's good night it was a sweet night
last night sweet night last night
may I enjoyed last night it was sick
very hungover today though I'm dying but
I'll see you next week dude have a good
train ride back
the doors open I get really scared now
every time every time I see that door
open feel that someone's been in here
and it freaks me out
so you see yeah as I've said I'm with
Pearlie tomorrow as I'm going down to
London to check out some stuff at the
shouldn't I said that no more questions
don't ask any more questions that's top
secret daddy's obviously bringing you
guys along and then I'm back in London
on Friday I'm in London on Friday doing
some special stuff with Playstation how
cool is that
PlayStation invited me to London
PlayStation mental the cleaners come
into this office building and I haven't
spoken to her in a while but I always
hear about because I come to my office
after hours by after 9 to 5 and that's
when she comes to cleans so I always see
her comes to cleans and she said to him
she said you glad to be back and I was
like yeah I've got some lovely back I
missed work so much and then she just
said oh you like your dad then are you
oh okay then but I do miss work I miss
work bye guys
I'm gonna do a few emails now sort out a
few bits of admin and do a lot of boring
stuff boring stuff sweet shades are on
lights are off and say bye-bye you guys
I'm gonna call this vlog to an end today
my head is hurt so much and I can't wait
to get I'm gonna get a good night's
sleep because I can't wait to go to
London in the morning got a couple like
seven of us now gigabit seven get
breakfast get on the train to London and
be there for like 9 to get to gonna be
the last night in London tomorrow so
hopefully you guys will enjoy that but
for now - Ben Alex you guys have been
awesome stay awesome and keep smiling
love you all so much and thank you for
the support God say another and I'll see
you in tomorrow's vlog I love ya oh yes
oh I'm being told off girls come round
I've been so busy this morning so
grandmas coming round to cook me some
lunch and I'm late for it and she's
going Mardi Gras mah mah no mass I think
I can I think I can eat this thing
it's hot is it
you say you like one spice the hotter
the better I'm going to put you to the
test I do like what is this quite spicy
then right okay
time lapse three two one go done that
was quite hot though that was quite yeah
it was but I do like spice and then I
got my watches all of my vlogs so
grandma try harder next time
that wasn't really that hot come on good
morning got this do my hair good morning
guys how we doing my name is of course I
liked hopefully all you guys are doing
okay welcome back to another daily video
right okay I'm gonna go live on twitch
TV
