oh I'm being told off grandma's come
round I've been so busy this morning's
the grandmas coming round to cook me
some lunch and I'm late for it and she's
came RT hi grandma ma no mouth I think I
can I think I can eat this then it's hot
is it I've heard you say you likes one
spice the hotter the better and I'm
going to put you to the test I do like
what is this quite spicy then right okay
time lapse three two one go done that
was quite hot though that was quite hot
yeah it was but I do like spice I never
got my watch is all of my vlogs so
grandma try harder next time that wasn't
really that hot come on
good morning got missed in my hair good
morning guys how we doing my name is of
course that likes hopefully all you guys
are doing okay welcome back to another
daily video right okay I'm gonna go live
on twitch TV this Thursday at around 9
p.m. UK time this Thursday okay so that
is Thursday first I think it's Thursday
the first the first the first not a
hundred percent sure what games I'm
gonna play yet but you guys can let me
know that in the comment section down
below we're gonna start live streaming
again guys and I can't wait
I've had so much work to do this morning
I had to re-edit that ZTE video again
which is which is all done now I've had
to write a few articles on QT my social
media website I've done a whole article
about what happened in detail as to
regards with the CIA drone laws and some
do's and don'ts that have found that I
was doing with my drone and some stuff I
shouldn't done I've done a whole article
on it on QT on my social media website
QT so I put that a link to that in the
description if you want to read all
about my experience with the CIA and how
I got in trouble with drones
over in New Zealand there's an article
on it that I've written on QT so I'll
put a link in the description if you
want to go and read about that it's
quite interesting the great thing is
with QT as well you guys can actually
reply to my article and I'm going to be
reading I always read all the threads
I'm constantly on QT obviously it's my
own site so I'm constantly on there
doing bits and bobs random bits and bobs
and they're always like trying to read
and reply to what you guys are saying so
check out QT counts up signed up do it
for me guys sign up the link in the
description and go and check out some of
my articles that I've got on there and
go reply and read to them sweet so this
right here is a load of peer box stuff
this three boxes for three bags full and
put them all in these Royal Mail boxes
because they were all in this bag but
what I thought is well this bag needs to
be empty that bag needs to be empty
because today I'm gonna be tidying out
this room as I promised you guys in
yesterday's vlog as you can see there's
just crap everywhere and I spent a lot
of money on this table here this this
wooden table thing go on my phone and
press out that one as you can see it's
really dark in here so you cut what you
can't really see but there's actually an
LED strip underneath there and it's
turned on I've just turned it on from my
phone so what's the point in having this
nice table here with LEDs under in it's
all looking snazzy if there's just crap
everywhere
okay sly update this is what I'm doing
I'm cleaning out under my bed using this
as a bin so I can put these peer box
boxes with stuff on it to open under the
bed so that way it's not just clogging
up my room so I'm hoping what I can do
is that it's gonna fit in here let's
make sure everything's pushed down
though that fits in there like that then
I can close this down look all these is
full of letters right put another one in
that's in there now cool and then I can
close this down and then here's the
third box that'll fit in there we go
look at that look at that perfect you
see this thing here this is like a
remote-control helicopter this was the
first ever remote-control helicopter I
bought right and I got it for Christmas
from my granddad right about five years
ago
Ronna we took it into the garden me and
my dad did and my dad crushed it on
Christmas Day broke it into bits
eze always took it out
done
gotta take all of this to the tip you
well I need to find a home for you and
there's still some more stuff there I
need to pack up doing this though now
for now anyway I've got to go to the
office and shoot a tech flow video all
right I need to quickly get this tech
flow video recorded if you don't know
about tech flow cheeky plug it's another
channel that I own and run and operate
and it's a tech channel all about
technology and I'm doing a video saying
pretty much there that I'm back in the
UK now and videos are going to resume
very shortly properly but the video is a
giveaway so yeah if you want to win some
stuff I'll put a link to the giveaway
link or the video link for Tecla in the
description it's a giveaway I'm doing a
giveaway video on time flow in sure so
go check it out if you want to win some
stuff check these out as well his
glasses pulled up in numerous different
ways right like what is this okay I've
just finished recording the tech flow
giveaway we're giving away a 700d camera
great YouTube's dying camera in my
opinion the video is currently rendering
out it needs to do it quickly because
I'm in such a rush
and obviously this camera we usually use
a different camera but as I say I'm in a
massive rush today so I'll have to use
my vlogging camera to record the tech
play video right only a quick stop at
the office today to do that video now I
need to head to link
he likes to nap like behind here behind
my monitors I don't know I cool by the
time you guys are watching this I should
have got some articles up on QT so you
guys can check them out in the
description I've been and seen Kaylee in
town did a time-lapse with her chillin
with her it's crazy because I haven't
seen all of my friends like my close
friends in absolutely ages some us have
been away so I've had loads of work to
do and I come back and once I've could I
see you gonna see you can I see you
something like allocating people time
slots to see me
it's horrible isn't it I don't like it
but when I've been away for such a vast
amount of time I'm going to meet my
friends it's quite rude to just go and
meet them and you know try and speak to
them about my trip but I'm going then
shoving a camera in their face so I've
been trying to sort of turn the camera
off when I'm seeing my friends etc etc
you guys get the point bro I've just
started today this is the first day that
was making this room half decent and
getting it all tidy and getting it set
up right and I want to tell you some
important information now I'm just come
off the phone with LG and this is all in
speculation at the moment and I can't
tell you guys what or when or how or
whatever pretty much LG are releasing a
brand new super duper monitor right and
it's huge it's 4k and it's a beast so
what I'm thinking is bear with me here
get rid of all these monitors and having
two or three of these new beasts on the
desk I need to get it all sorted out
though but this room we're gonna tidy it
up we're gonna put everything in this
place when we're sort out it's gonna be
absolutely awesome
but we've made a brilliant start on it
today I've got some work to do now and
then I'm gonna go to bed so guys
hopefully you've enjoyed today's little
mini vlog and I'll see you in tomorrow's
vlog I'm assuming well we need to saw
all of this out in this room in
particular and all of this stuff down
here and I want to say before I go yes
hahaha to all the people that saw the
packet of condoms in yesterday's video
was it the day before this video I don't
know all you guys been tweeting me a
packet of condoms which are left
in in come on guys I'm 19 leave me alone
and give me a break I'll see you in my
next video
