thank Beth Hoole a Monday it's what it
is today and it's meant to be a
stress-free day and that is not what
I've experienced whatsoever in my
travels through today so far last night
I was so goddamn tired I needed to get
the video for one of my clients ZTE sent
off to them right but Premiere Pro kept
saying that it couldn't export the file
so I thought I'll deal with this in the
morning it came to this morning and I
tried to deal with the problem Premiere
Pro will not export this file but I need
to send to my clients today so I bought
it on this memory card to the office I'm
gonna try and export it on the editing
computer hopefully this is going to work
secondly I'm on the way to the office
right just pull up into my office and
there's two girls taking photos of me
right I just pulled into the office
carpark right and I look over and I saw
these two girls acting a bit weird
looking at me as I was driving in and
then a perk up and literally I looked
over at the fence and I'll see their
little iPhone 4 poked over the top of
the fence we just got that barbed wire
at the top poked through the fence
taking photos of me and then they catch
my eye they start pegging off up to Asda
obviously my camera is in slow motion
because I did that slow motion sequence
in the car but that's just weird
I tried to get slim I tried to get
Cooper them because it was insulin
obviously my cameras is where motion is
the clip I got of one of the girls like
running away he don't take pictures of
people man without knowing that's
against privacy rules especially when
I'm on private property as well that's
not cool right I'm gonna leave that to
do it
hopefully it renders out on that
computer and then another thing that's
stressing me out pointlessblog or alfie
deyes from pointless blogs sent me a
message earlier and he said to me yo
alex watching you blog and the security
cameras that you've installed in your
way i'll tell you what he said yeah
pretty much he said that um you
shouldn't have indoor CCTV like cameras
inside your house because that's really
bad and apparently people can hack into
them and start looking at what you do it
so that's bad I'm gonna take these
cameras out which means I have to come
up with a new solution and the solution
that I came up with is I'm going to take
these cameras out and I've just ordered
a brand new local recording solution so
I'm still going to have cameras in the
office and at home inside but they're
going to record locally to a DVR that's
going to be hidden away somewhere in the
property and all the cameras are going
to have the cord onto that DVR and you
can't access them remotely they're not
physically connected to the internet
they're just going to record to a DVR
which is a digital video recorder a
little box with a hard drive in it
essentially and that is that that means
no one can hack into my cameras and look
at what I'm doing it's just been
recorded on to this little box I mean to
be fair I'm not that bothered about
people looking at me I share my life of
video on the internet but still looking
at me getting changed is a little bit
too far this has been doing that for far
too long this project file literally is
a 30-second video is annoying me so much
I just want to give up honestly I just
want to give up it's making me so angry
but the thing is with giving up right if
you ever get to ever get to a point
where you feel like you want to give up
just think to yourself why did I even
start
let you've come so far why go back down
keep going up don't go back down again
won't be the point up when you've
already come so far
keep excelling upwards and that's
something trying to tell myself right
now before I lose my marbles right okay
I've had an idea
god I've had such an annoying day so far
it's been so full-on hey to relax
this is on my desk it was on my desk
well it's been on my desk ever since
they got back from New Zealand so let's
see what's inside because I have no idea
oh my god okay I'm gonna close this box
back up and give you guys a bird's-eye
view right what's inside of here right
you ready is it me or does that look
like a letter cable ties post office
have just sent me a load more cable will
not more cable ties first off the Simba
fragile stickers second off this enemy a
load of what are those heavy plastic
bags and now a lowly cable ties why are
they sending it's getting beyond a joke
I don't need this now hold up a minute
I'm not saying cable ties aren't cool
and they're not useful because they
really are but who needs this many cable
ties
finally the sounds of London is complete
I've done the video now I've got to do
is render it out to a master file and
then we're done I'm literally just prove
my own point that you just need to stick
with it and don't give up because I'm
just done that and I was very very very
close to giving up earlier I've got such
a headache and I've got too many cable
ties
probably have a few packets of cable
size in the garage I can cook a few
packets under here whoa
that place is a mess and need to
allocate some time to sort under here
out and all of this for that matter what
so much going on I need a day where I'm
going to take a load of crap to the skip
stuff that don't want and don't need
anymore
so much rubbish that I just don't need
and I also need to find a place to put
the phantom4 I need to add this to the
drone walls I'm waiting for it on the
drone war right think I've got a free
morning tomorrow so I'm going to get up
nice and early and saw all of this crap
out that's under my bed and it's
everywhere about in my house and just
take it all to the skip and get tidy do
the drone wall and get everything
organized because this room in fact I
usually keep it quite tidy but as you
can see there's just stuff everywhere so
wanted to do is get rid of a load of
these boxes I've got rid of spare boxes
of like products up there that I don't
use and I've got this thing and it's
kind of like hoarding but when I get
like a tech product I keep the box and I
don't know why I really keep the box
when I'm never gonna really use it again
but I like to keep the box I think it's
in case I want to sell it or something
but I don't know but I just need to sort
it all out and make it all clean so I'm
gonna get an early night tonight go
ahead and do that in tomorrow morning's
video got a bit spare time in the
morning before I've got to go to a
meeting at qt at 12 o'clock tomorrow so
tomorrow morning we're gonna get up and
we're gonna sort all this crap out and
get it all sorted but for now my husband
Alex you guys been awesome hey what a
good bang hole in one day mine's been
pretty bad that's why I apologize for
that and I will see you in my next vlog
a dia tomorrow's vlog not in my next
vlog tomorrow's vlog we vlog every day
on here at es this is a really weird
intro isn't it outro I can't speak right
I'm gonna start again with all this
again guys tomorrow we're gonna do all
of this it's gonna be cool you guys have
been awesome - Ben Alex
see you in tomorrow's vlog
as good wasn't it uh nailed it
Oh
Oh
you
