guys check out how nice that mat book
looks with that with that skin on it oh
I just looks absolutely gorgeous I'm so
happy
CCTV camera number one installed we did
that in yesterday's vlog I need to take
this camera to the office and get this
installed ASAP let's do that sometime
today
but this morning in fact all day it's my
brother's birthday so this morning I've
been spending well pretty much the whole
morning with my brother soon as it's his
seventh birthday today
so if you want to wish him happy
birthday whack it in the comment section
and I'll try and show him I'll try and
show him on the comments just put like a
birthday Jakob and I'll try and show him
what you guys have said I'm sure we'd
absolutely love that but anyway you
could afternoon guys how are y'all doing
my name is Alex welcome to my Sunday I'm
sure my brother is outside playing on
the rather large bouncy castle let's say
let's go and see it this definitely
isn't my excuse to go and play on the
bouncy castle there you are
can't find you anywhere why don't you
put on the bouncy castle happy you
passing we've been passing okay that's
quite cool and then you could sing oh no
way whoa oh that's strange I don't like
it ah what the hell okay that it's
pretty cool but I'm gonna complain the
trampoline another trampoline the battle
tikka the bouncy castle why have you
turned it off oh is it Gary now
No oh my god
my phone is turned off so we just want
to come out for a little bit of a chat
really it's been quite a nice day today
it's obviously Sunday so I'm just
chilling finished editing the ZTE video
this morning for my client so that is
all done and dusted all finished up
ready to be sent to them so hopefully
they like that but hold up a second
there's something I want to start doing
again I wanna I want to start doing this
again and I want to start live streaming
I really want to start live streaming
now if you didn't know about half a year
ago I was quite a big streamer I would
stream like three times a week I think I
streamed on Tuesdays Thursdays and
Sundays or Tuesdays Fridays and Sundays
and I used to play games on there on
twitch TV board / mr. Mars bar used to
Volodya you guys watching a few of you
guys probably still watching these vlogs
which is absolutely awesome I really
want to start doing this again I really
do honestly I've been thinking about it
I was thinking about it whilst those in
New Zealand and I just thought hold up a
second like what why not why not do it
why not stop streaming again and try and
do it like regularly lambtron China I'm
trying to think like maybe two times a
week try and stream live two times a
week on Twitch and just play some games
or sometimes we might even not play
games we'll just sit there and chat
about random stuff and answer you guys
questions and we can just all have a
chat and just chill out why not what do
you guys think let me know in the
comments section drop a like rating if
you want me to start streaming again on
twitch.tv for / mr mars bar try and do
it regularly honestly if you guys are
gonna regularly tune in i'll be more
than happy to do it
I love companies that make a product
that does exactly what it says on the
tin and it does it well now I'm not
endorsed by Logitech to say anything
about this camera right that I'm using
right here I'm not them then I bought
these out made money because I believe
that they are very very very good
products and I had one and it works
really well so I bought two more right
this is a good product this on the other
hand this little Yi security camera
which by the way I did a review on this
camera for tech flow and I said it was
really good two days after that video
went live this thing breaks I send them
an email about it
why is my camera not working and told
them all the symptoms they didn't even
care to reply to me I just a little
company right that cares cares about its
people and this the logic circle it's a
great bit of kit and Logitech care about
their people and customer care is so key
a lot of people actually ask me Alex
what was the story if you're getting
burgled here and why have you gone into
it much more detail why what why didn't
you make it a big deal on the channel
and the reason they want to make it a
big deal was because I wasn't here when
it happened so I don't really know what
happened but all I know from what I've
been told is that these windows were
open well one of them was and someone
have been inside the office they've gone
up there into the secret room or printer
here which is really random and over
here just behind this little door right
down here I have a load of product boxes
and these are all product boxes that are
currently products in use in the office
things like computer components Mouse
boxes keyboard boxes speaker boxes light
boxes monitor boxes all products in use
their boxes live in here as you can see
now from what I can understand and what
I've been told they came in through the
window didn't touch anything in the
office came straight up here rummaged
about with all of the empty boxes hey
that's why randomly I just bought a load
of Lucic
two cameras as soon as motion is
detected I get notify straightaway on my
phone I'm not dealing with any Chinese
rubbish Dorji camera but you're a
shambles right I need to run quickly now
bye bye office bye bye camera hopefully
you stay on and keep recording it is my
brother's birthday today as you guys
know so we're going for a meal with the
family to celebrate his seventh birthday
mail equals consumed I'm very full come
home to find some rather saddening news
I think anyway yeah the mum's outside
he's taking the bouncy castle away I
only got to bounce on it once or twice
I'm gonna guarantee you guys that the
cats are under this table oh that's my
boy
three guys and back from Emil back from
the office all the cameras are set up
let me show you as you can see right
here the hallway camera seems to be
having some connection issues I think
it's because of the Wi-Fi the obvious
camera is live so that is live at the
office right now once that thing stops
spinning around that is now live in the
office then if you go back to this page
click on this one then when this little
thing starts spinning around you can see
well I'm now make Helen you get the
point though I just need to sort out why
the hallway camera keeps disconnecting I
think it's because it's got a poor
signal to the Wi-Fi down there which
isn't good no I want to do something
with the setter now hear me out here but
this setup has stayed exactly the same
for one and a half years now and I want
to try and renovate it now put a tweet
out of the day saying I wanted to do a
new series on the main channel I really
want to start doing something something
new to work on and I don't want to
redesign this setup you know because I
love it it's so cool but I want to do
something different and I don't know
what it is the oldest thing on this
setup is the two asus monitors either
side of the altar wide and I feel like
if there was something I was going to
replace it will be those things but I
don't know what to do so if you guys are
give me some tips or not some tips and
recommendations as to what I could do to
it then please let me know because I'd
love to start doing like a new series on
the main channel I'd love to start like
doing a weekly series on the main
channel even if it's nothing to do with
that setup like leave that setup out of
it for now you guys comments before I
could do with the setup also comment
what you what you'd like to see on the
main channel likes an upir box openings
on there but that's all I've really done
for the like past I don't know however
long I want to do something else on
there is it like Q&A or I don't know let
me know in the comment section but
that's been my Sunday I need to get the
ZTE video sent off that we edited or
much rather shot in London idea that I
sent off to them and hopefully they love
it so I need to do that now and all the
admin and all the paperwork and stuff
rate by manga show you guys are the
boring stuff later show you guys the fun
bits but anyway that's been my Sunday
from my brother's birthday today and you
guys have been awesome
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog arias
Oh
