look at the look at the pretty lights
they're pretty lights it's pretty lights
in my office everywhere absolutely
everywhere and then what are they doing
why are they flashing like that what
what who's asked you to flash I don't
know why they're motors for them
good evening guys how y'all doing my
name is of course Alex and today well it
was raining earlier you get first quick
just go when I left the house got in the
car go to the shops
and picked up some pano chocolates
because it's my brother's birthday
tomorrow but by the time you're watching
this he will be seven years old and he
loves pano shockula's so I went to get
some panel shockers for him to have on
his birthday morning does that make
sense anyway guys how is everyone doing
I hope you all alright let me know in
the comment section down below
we'll talk about the comment section
super quick I saw a comment in
yesterday's vlog and I thought it was
quite funny and it said now you've
literally used your girlfriend for views
I think he's talking about the thumbnail
of yesterday's video
this was the thumbnail yeah using my
girlfriend for views say sweet vice this
guy's a Geordie HD he says chill bruh he
took the pic of his thumbnail what's he
gonna do tell his girlfriend to shift
off the bed so he could take the picture
I bet you just scan his videos for
things to criticize mate to be honest
when I took the photo I didn't even
realize she was in the back of it and I
just took the photo of me holding the
phone because the title of the video was
one of the best vlogging phones because
the camera on that phone was amazing and
a wider thumbnail at me holding the
phone I didn't realize she was in the
back of it but yeah always told you guys
about that and wanted to have one of
those children's you know where we just
sit and chat about some stuff and then
talk deep now obviously these vlogs are
about my life every single day what we
get up to what we do and things things
we like to talk about things you like to
think about what things would like to do
and obviously you guys know I do have a
girlfriend she's called Maria and I've
been with her for well I think it was
since the 25th of May I think a lot of
you say Alex I never really see her in
the videos and and I don't I don't like
to put her in the videos that much
really and a lot of youtubers are the
same way and a large she was youtubers
aren't the same way but I prefer just to
like keep some things like me and her
kind of like not
right but because you guys know about it
but she doesn't really like being in the
videos if we're gonna be perfectly
honest with you guys
she's quite a shy person and she's new
to this whole YouTube thing and she's
absolutely amazed that like we do this
and I have this sort of connection with
you guys the audience and she absolutely
loves YouTube like I think she
absolutely loves it like that I do this
and stuff but she just prefers not to be
in the videos and I don't really want
her in the videos guys like between me
and you I like this girl a lot and I
just prefer it for now if I kept it
private and made me some time in the
future I'll do some like video with her
but for now we're just gonna keep it
private and maybe she'll be in a
background of a few of my videos maybe
she'll be in the background I fear my
thumbnails but she's not gonna be like a
center of attention type thing because
that's I'm just not down for that at the
moment so that's that talked about and
sorted out anyway other than that since
I've been back I've been back now a week
my week anniversary of being home it's
been hectic it's been massively hectic
and dealing with doing these videos and
being hectic and having so much stuff to
do as well as the jet lag killed me
today killed me I'm home now these are
the punish Alcala support for my brother
so they're surprised it's the small
things
hello guys are back I'm absolutely
loving this new little vlogging style
for today just having like a killer vlog
I feel like I'm really connecting with
you guys and not like doing much editing
and stuff just giving you guys just like
a raw version of me instead of like an
editor together cut version with a load
of music and stuff there's the chilled
olive lock no but does look quite cool
on the camera doesn't it look about look
about back boys so I don't know if you
can see under here this is the Philip
shoe lights we installed the Philips hue
LED strip underneath this here little
table that I bought and as you can see
the light strips falling down but you
know what forget my pocket I bought this
back from the office but a lot of title
solve that there we go
looking a little bit better now no
falling lights down there
brilliant okay we've got a few parcels
to open here I've ordered some stuff
from Amazon but I'm gonna open this
first because I think I know what this
is and they should have arrived before I
went to Australia and it didn't which is
super super super annoying but yeah this
is it oh wow these are pretty cool
these are macbook skins you know the
same ones that i oh wow look at Yoda
he's sweet as ears yeah you see these
skins that I have on my phones I think
this is the same one that I have on my
phone yeah look at that how sweet is
that look it blends in with my phone so
these are actually to go on my macbook
and I think I really like the look at
this one there we go so as you can see
the Mars bar now doesn't go over the
apples sweet slick raps thank you very
much for the hook-up that is absolutely
drop-dead gorgeous
and the back of my Mac absolutely little
bit I absolutely loved all the slick
crap stuff as you can see I've got both
my phone my my my my personal phone and
my work phone both with slick raps on
them absolutely love their natural
series of raps and is to see the do the
yoader ones I've got two other skins
here so I'll leave these for what
rewrapped my Mac but if you guys will
check out slick raps I'm more than happy
to put a link in the description
absolutely love these raps brilliant
quality you guys wanna rap your devices
I understand recommends that graps
loving that Mac right well we're going
here then unless you don't remember
ordering like this if I order a hopless
if I get I'm like where is this like
even coming from because I just okay
that's just a USB CT USBC cable I
ordered well I don't even know what any
of this stuff is like I order that would
crash but I just end up forgetting what
stuff is like what is it do that is
stuff for the pond I need some pond
cleaner this is just pond cleaner and
this is for our
Amazon apparently it has it has
batteries in it so let's see what this
is
oh okay these are two large circles that
I bought I bought two more but you know
why I bought these right the lodging
circle security cameras that what I have
in downstairs right there I have down
downstairs in the hallway these cameras
are absolutely awesome pretty much if I
get my phone up here as you can see this
is the live view of my hallway and if I
scroll back here you can see me coming
in today if it loads give it a second
and there you go that's me coming in
tonight and it just records whenever it
has motion and the reason I bought these
I bought two more of them I bought one
for my room this bedroom right here and
I bought one for my office the reason I
bought one for the office in particular
is that actually whilst I was away the
office got broken into
now nothing at all was taken which is
the most baffling thing but someone was
in the office the window was open and
they'd moved everything about but
nothing had been taken whatsoever at all
and I have a little ye security camera
in there but it broke two days
conveniently broke two days before I
went to Australia but yeah whilst I was
away the office got broken into nothing
was taken but it's still got broken into
so I've upgraded to the logic circle
these these cameras will they never
really let me down so I've brought two
more of them and I'm gonna put them one
in here and one in the office pretty
much just a little camera like that and
that's all it is far there we go look
sweet look at that little bad boy just
just just there a little camera look if
I go onto my phone and open up the logic
circle application right here what it's
gonna do is give me a preview of both of
my cameras so if I click on this one
this is my hallway downstairs obviously
it's dark down there so it's got the
night vision on and there you go that's
live now and then if I click this button
it's gonna show me both the cameras and
if I click this it's gonna load round
and then in a second there you go you
can see me talking and you can also hear
me backwards
you can hear me back you get it you get
the point
okay I'm gonna turn that off cuz that
going but yeah that's the logic circle
and I've got one more which I'm gonna
put in the office tomorrow all right I'm
gonna go to bed now guys cuz I'm so so
knackered but it's been good connecting
with you guys in a bit of a different
way today I'm just feeling really
relaxed didn't really feel like going
out and doing a load of insane camera
work for once I wanted to actually just
have a chat with you guys one to one and
just unbox some stuff and do it a little
bit more casually than usual and yeah
just take it a little step back for a
day and just I don't just have a chill
video because obviously when this goes
live it's gonna be Sunday and Sunday is
a chill day everyone's chill in thought
a chill video would be pretty cool for
once just for a little change and that's
all I've got to say right okay my
husband Alex you guys been awesome stay
awesome keep smiling and I'll catch you
in tomorrow's vlog it's been weird this
one but I just thought writers do a
casual video and I've done a casual
video sweet oh yes
sweet just arrived in London but
yesterday's vlog edited I'll be sending
the train station right now and I've
been asked to capture the sounds of
London with this phone Chris Kamara is
over there Chris Kamara
