what are you doing good morning guys how
we are doing my name is of course Alex
and welcome back to another daily vlog
and going to London today because you
know that phone received in yesterday's
video and I didn't know what it was this
one whoa whoa yeah it turns out whilst I
was in Australia and New Zealand they
actually emailed me and said Alex can
you go to London and in Korea and create
a 30-second promotional video for our
website so yeah it's this is a business
thing for me I've actually got some
client work which is really cool so I'm
gonna go to London and get this video
shot and try and take you guys through
how I do some of my work
sweet just arrived in London got
yesterday's vlog edited obviously I'm in
the train station right now and I've
been asked to capture the sounds of
London with this phone Chris Kamara is
over there Chris Kamara just arrived in
London sing Chris Kamara we're gonna
stop off here is it here
we're going here and we're gonna have a
look it's like some of the UK's filming
rules so I'm now in central London I've
got the phone jacket I have just stopped
off for a coffee and looked over the
filming laws for filming in public I
made a few phone calls and it turns out
you can film in public and it's
absolutely fine so that's cool we're
just waiting time I go on this swing I'm
gonna try and get a video of it I'm
going to try and show you guys some of
the clips that I get from this little
axon phone and you can let me know what
you think of the quality of it in the
comment section or or whatever sweet
this is me vlogging on this little phone
at the moment it's important for you
guys to know that this this isn't
sponsored at all this is me working for
my own company miles media and I'm just
showing you guys around what I do if it
was like sponsored and tell you but it's
not so yeah i'm licious waiting now but
the people stopped using the swing so I
can get some video using this phone for
the 30-second clip that I'm trying to
make called the sounds of London so I'm
literally just outside right now the
brand new YouTube like headquarters in
London it's brand new look at this look
this your story pause I say your story
you can buy stuff you can buy YouTube
merchandise but no way and then got like
a massive wall of TVs with a load of
youtubers ooh can we recognize we've got
fun following up there that's Kate I'm
swear that's what I care sighs videos
you've got these two nothing geezers
down there yeah this is sweet I need to
come here and go inside and give you
guys a tour some some weekend or
something I've got free lesson this is
really cool look at the play button
coming out the side of here
that's wicked
just found the golden opportunity shot
the back of this bus is open there's so
much detail in there I'm gonna try and
get a shot of it on here
all right
yeah
it's so goddamn hot
finished up the meal in five guys great
morning's filming in London it's
absolutely boiling right now but I've
got to catch my train back out project I
said a bit late
stranor because I love ready for
departure just walked into my office
building you guys know that my office
here all my computers turning on my
office here is in a massive building
that's full of a load of other mini
offices like mine and just put a new
poster on the wall I'm not like a
perfect like a big metal metal toilet
with a professional and as soon as you
walk into the main lobby of the building
it just says don't wish it was easier
strive to be better and it couldn't be
more more true that by such a good
phrase I don't know whether I've got
that from or who's put that thing up
there in the lobby of the building or if
that's a phrase from someone famous but
if it is they've got a good brain on
them so just want to give you guys a
little bit of background as to what I've
just done this morning it wasn't really
anything to do with YouTube it was I run
a separate company write a lot of you
guys know this the new people probably
won't I run a company right I have a
registered company here in the UK it's
one of my proudest most proud 'add proud
pressure crowded pressure proud in
precious possessions God that something
like 10 seconds to say precious
possessions and one of my most proudest
achievements and yeah I own a registered
company here in the UK called miles
media which I set up I believe at the
end of last year and obviously when they
set up a company I'm doing this all by
myself
pretty much what we offer in the service
is anything to do with video and stuff
you guys know I'm trying to do well at
the moment I'm literally about to pay
for my drone training so I can go away
and do my drone training so then I can
pay I can use my light drone for
commercial work for miles media my
company but pretty much in a nutshell we
offer video production and I'm a one-man
band and if I need other people to come
in and have other people that to bring
in if I want it we shoot weddings short
promotional videos and yeah pretty much
anything to do with video and this
morning I was in London
a short little film I can't tell you
guys the name of it yet but all I can
tell you is that it's 30 seconds long
and the whole thing was filmed on that
phone that arrived at the office
yesterday and it's for that phone
company they wanna like show off their
phones camera and the microphone in the
phone to say look this is what the sort
of video it can capture so it sort of
like a mini film kind of about London
all shot on that phone cool I've just
done my emails for the day here in the
office now I'm gonna go and do something
that I've been asked to do numerous
times whilst have been away it's happy
to go and pick up the PIO box because
the post office I think you're getting
really really really annoyed that I
haven't been a picked it up in like a
month and a half so I need to go and do
that now try a peer box yeah yeah hey
you have a little card but I bring all
right I've it's me that's right you know
what the number is
oh that's what the presents guys you
guys want to send me stuff to the Pierre
box there's a Pierre box in the
description and you can just send stuff
to me he won and I do Pierre box videos
on my other channel called Mars bar and
I unbox it all and we have a laugh and
that's the story of the Pierre box and
this is what arrived in this bag whilst
I was away in Australia so thank you for
all the presents if you sent me some
stuff I love you guys incredible amounts
what have you got around here then
what's going on around here a what a
bouncy castle you've got a bouncy castle
in the back garden no way okay you
weren't lying you actually do have a
bouncy castle that thing is absolutely
massive oh my god
is actually quite cool when you said it
was getting a bouncy castle I didn't
think it would be that big I'm such a
I'm such a freaking kid I'm such a kid
literally a massive kid well I want to
jump that I bet you I can you can zoom
that down there that's gonna be well
dangerous oh my god guys this this is
the ride today right
pick to pull the Pierre box stuff that's
that all of us down there but this has
arrived at my house this big massive
long thin thing and I have I think I
know what it is right I have a clue as
to what it is but I'm not going to open
in today's video I'm going to
in tomorrow's video because I need to
edit the video that I've shot for this
company here and send it to them
straight away because there's a tight
deadline for it so I need to get that
done tonight I hope all you guys about a
good Saturday and you've got to come
some some good fun stuffs I'm not sure
why I'm not sure why there's a bouncy
castle in always going what we've
depleted I'm sure we'll figure out what
that's for further on into the weekend
but for now miners vanilluxe you guys
been awesome hey even joined in site
it's the actual job today and I'll see
you in tomorrow's video oh yes
Oh
