yawning guys oh we're doing my name is
of course Alex welcome back to another
daily vlog I'm stalking some really
horrendous traffic right now but I'm on
the way to do something really really
really cool it's been a month and a half
almost two months since since I've seen
my office I'm gonna go see my office
let's go
oh this is a parcel I suspect there's
gonna be quite a few of those inside
right this is it
this is it let's do it Wow I forgot how
cool this place was this place is cool I
like this place I totally forgot how
awesome this place was man I've built
this look you've got the editing desk in
all its glory my desk which is got
little parcels on it they look fun we
need to open those what - both parcels
down there I'm not sure what's in there
all my biscuits are still here on the
wall my biscuits are still wish where's
my biscuit it's gone what was on the
bisque ah there's my biscuits to be fair
they're probably all gone off but let's
have a ball bun there you go Cheers okay
there's one thing that hasn't changed
and that is that it is ridiculously warm
inside of this room Wow I'm sweating
we're in the UK for God's sake right
there's so much stuff I don't even know
right this is the so much stuff I don't
even know where to begin with all of
this I think I just I'm just gonna start
from the top I mean we have this
remote-control car that we hope that
we've made last time but okay let's get
this thing open I'm not sure what's
inside of it not
like any of these things for that matter
we just have to do it and show you every
what is this whoa this looks cool axon
seven check that out what's this whoa
whoa well it's it's a phone it's a phone
it is gorgeous
I've never heard of axon in my life whoa
okay it comes with a braided a braided
cable what's that does that even come it
even comes with a case the phone comes
in AB in the box with a silicone case
well let's say the braided cable and
plug it in and try figure this thing out
I'll plug it in to charge and then
hopefully battery MT plug into charger
for a few minutes and then power on well
I've been told that is cool man
very sweet okay more on that later when
it turns on okay let's do this one could
I even know what any of this stuff is at
all am ordered or bought anything what
their help the load of a load of fragile
stickers it's from the post office is
the load of Ziploc bag hello to ziploc
bags and her fragile stickers any one of
these I'm a four hex and a bit special
guys give away who want some plastic
sealable banks why have the post office
sent me there
okay oh they don't know if it's the post
office trying to trying to tell me
something honestly post office I don't
need any more fragile stickers I've got
far too many you're wasting paper but I
don't ask for these to be fair I'm
ripping them now but probably in about
two weeks I'll use one of those bags but
for now they can stay up here and you
along with the fragile stickers all
right okay this phone it's pretty
I mean the reason is pretty cool is
because it has a it has a fairly decent
camera and I like a phone as a good
camera can do 4k but it has it can in
the settings yeah you know what the
thing I like about it the most is that
it has a really good set of speakers on
it and the resolution of the screen is
is pretty pretty good I played to them
cool see people ask me all the time like
Alex have you ever tried Android have
you ever tried an Android phone now I'm
like no you know what I don't really
have time like to learn a whole new
device takes a lot of time and time is I
don't have a lot of time at man's I'm
just stick with my iPhone because I know
how it works and I can put my finger on
there it lets me straight in it brings
me all my text it has all of my apps and
it does what I need it to do it does it
well it does it fast and it doesn't
crash and as long as it does those three
things then I'm happy all of you guys
asking though Alex does it feel good to
be home does it feel good to be back and
yeah yeah it feels good to be back
here's the thing right I have no idea
what liberabit on liberabit own liberal
tone is no idea what liberal tone is at
all
you guys probably know put me in the
comments that you guys type it in the
comment section I'm not going over these
three today I don't even know what the
hell this big one it's like it's heavy
right I've just looked on my emails and
it turns out that ZTE sent me this phone
because they want me to do some Mars
media work for it in London tomorrow so
I've just had to book some train tickets
to London
looks like I'm walked down to London
tomorrow right this has been cool I
still haven't had a chance to test out
this remote control car thing yet but it
came with these batteries which are now
charged but then that needs three
batteries in it as well I'm not made of
batteries
I don't have you got Mars bar so long
not so good
hey oh that thing just doesn't work at
all I just don't see the point in it I
put the batteries in it and absolutely
nothing right in our fish
thanks for greeting me nicely I am going
to get the phones now take these bad
boys home with me and prepare for my
trip to London tomorrow right guys I
have just attempted to get back into a
little bit of a gym routine with my
first session kicking it off only a
small one I really do need to get back
on it just had a shower now I'm gonna go
to bed and really need to get back into
my sleeping schedule I'm pretty much
over my jetlag right now really really
good because I've heard stories of
people saying that it takes weeks and
weeks and weeks to come back from the
timezone of Australia flying back up to
England like it's okay going there but
coming back is even worse and I think
I've managed to get it back to normal
it's 10 p.m. I'm gonna go to bed so guys
hope you've enjoyed today's video if you
have a like rating would be absolutely
awesome drop a comment down below what
you think of that cool phone and I'll go
to London tomorrow and shoot that video
for it and show you guys around that but
anyway guys - but Alex you guys been
awesome
stay awesome and keep smiling obviously
I'll catch you in tomorrow's video adios
