oh Jesus it's all about
good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily video my watch is going
off reminiscent of when we used to do
these vlogs back at home and every
single take my watch on my phone would
make a noise and just ruin it
this morning I have been at Maria's
house so much rather last night I was at
Maria's house who started watching a
series called stranger things but I fell
asleep halfway through it because of my
jetlag I'm still so tired don't know how
managing to function
I'm almost better though one thing that
is better if the electricians came round
this morning and well fix the lights now
I've got something freakin incredible to
show you guys in today's video but first
cool this is all new equipment for the
house so yeah today in all honesty I've
just got to do some errands around the
house I'm trying not to leave the house
as much I need to try and get my
sleeping schedule back on track and
different things like that but these are
really really really cool devices wait a
second I've got something else to show
you these are cool but so are these two
guys say hello to Bertie and Betsy this
one is Bertie and then this one here is
Betsy they're brother and sister and
these are my two new little kittens and
a camera shy May we doing in the box
okay absolutely loving it but two new
kittens and they're quite cute but I've
got errands to do today so let's install
these bad boys right so errand a first
job we need three new wireless access
points these are gonna replace the three
access points that we already have these
ones are better they're going to replace
this this and this and for that we need
a a drill right I'm not gonna click come
on there we go right let's get to work
okay that's when you try and go too far
with your video editing and you just
break the still one access point
installed to to get installed installed
installed so now if I go on my phone
open Wi-Fi sweet spots and click start
as you can see we're pulling 217
megabytes from these little access
points if you have no idea what that
means that pretty much means that these
wireless access points are very very
fast why are you running around my room
mister what are you doing so I now have
three of these spare access points these
ones are a little bit bigger than these
new ones but they're also a little bit
slower but if any of my future clients
who I'm doing some networking for need
an access point I'll just keep these as
a backup what are you doing hi this is
my desk mate
you can you can be an ornament if you
want but but I prefer you to leave
please hello may are you doing you okay
yeah you just chilling because I'm gonna
sniff I'm gonna go around and sniff your
laptop Alex I don't give it I don't give
a damn about you and your audience
I'm just gonna whoa what are you doing
picking this laptop I've already broke
it once okay we'll close the lid on that
don't don't touch it don't do it there's
already been one cool thing this video
I've shown you which is my new cats
right second new thing it's behind this
door in here where I'm currently in the
dining room it's behind this door in
here let's let's walk in first person
with you guys you all ready for this
this this has changed my whole entire
house this is the new kitchen that was
playing whilst I was in Australia and
New Zealand check it out how cool is
this I wish I've taken a photo of the
old kitchen in the new kitchen but this
this is amazing so we've got this
biggest lamp and this is the table and
then the LED lights that are installed
these are the best things how cool are
they an LED strip up there LEDs to put
there it just looks so cool with these
lights on it's so cool
so airy and it's just gorgeous this is
really cool as well wine cooler right
you put your hand on this and it turns
the light on there we've got so no
speakers installed one here and then one
over here this one is black but yeah
that is the new kitchen there's a few
bits that aren't finished yet we need
some pictures of stuff on the wall
Telly's not yet so I need to put the
telly on the wall as you can see add the
ethernet ports installed I've got the
HDMI I need this the other end of place
goes up to the server room so I can plug
it straight into my amplifier to get
like anything down here like the Sky box
for TV or an Xbox or a ps4 we can put
the telly you have it on the telly in
here obviously it's got access to the
network so I have all the films and
stuff on it right let's install this TV
now right okay to get this bad boy on on
the wall we're gonna need a few things
we're gonna need the TV itself we're
gonna need a drill we're gonna need a
bracket we're gonna need
roar clucks oh yeah and of course MIT
yeah we're gonna need me to do this
right let's do this thing okay you know
what news flash that is making far too
much noise my brother is asleep upstairs
okay sort of see the sweat dripping off
my forehead oh my god okay hangs up on
the wall success took me a few attempts
to do it I drilled the hole a little bit
too big for these wrong plugs so I put
the wrong plugs in and they're just
really loose all I did was I wrap the
wrong plug in electric tape to make them
a bit thicker and it's hopefully
hopefully it doesn't fall down I'm
hoping but I am absolutely naked after
all of that I had to go and get a shower
as you can very well see and call this
video to an end I've spent all day doing
errands and I'm not even done yet look
I'm messy this places in here my jet lag
is almost fixed and I'm almost back to
getting these vlogs back to how they
were back in the normal fashion but I
just got some still funny to do like
these errands around the house and stuff
before I do that so I'm trying to bring
you guys along with me but anyway come
on let's go make sure you guys have an
awesome I'm sweating like mad buyers how
many guys are watching this you guys
have got your GCSE results so I hope
you've done very very very well if you
haven't don't worry my results are
really bad and I'll see you in my next
video and yes
