whoo three and a half miles this morning
it's absolutely freezing so guys how are
you all doing my name is of course I
like to welcome your face back to
another daily blog guys we're feeling
good today for one reason and for one
reason only and I don't know what that
reason is
Oh actually we're feeling good fit for
two reasons endorphins because we've
just been on a run and also because I
made some bomb smoothie this morning and
I absolutely loved it health and fitness
picked off for today so as you guys know
in here is the gym and then if you come
through here this is actually the house
is office and this is the office for
said house I've redone this setup while
I had the week off vlogging but to
notice that there was this UPS parcel
here from anchor and well they didn't
say they were sending anything so
now I've got a lost stick for saying I
don't know what's inside these boxes
because a lot of people evidently say
Alex you fully spoken to the company
that's lending you what's in the box and
giving them giving them your address but
I can have my address and have had my
address for the past
God knows probably two years so as much
as I do look I don't care products as
you guys know not a sponsorship I
legitimately have no idea what's inside
of here so it's going to be really
boring or quite interesting whoa anchor
really going going ham on the we
appreciate your support and partnership
and we wish you great success in the
years to come happy holidays from anchor
technology thank you guys this is sake I
got well another dashcam I've already
got this dashcam in my car installed Oh
bye guys in a bit so I don't know if you
guys have got a car I might give this
away drop a like rating if you were to
give this one away
there's also well an anchor power port
okay this is probably the most
interesting thing in the box this looks
like it could be taking on apple's air
pots look at that well anchor thank you
very much it really shows the depth to a
company when you send out little
presents like that so thank you now I
need to get today started and I'm
waiting on my friend Elliot to help me
with that sweet areas are you thirsty
thirsty for a drink oh yeah sure
it's not gonna kill you down array up
cold innit
this is cold you actually like there's a
good homemade smoothie I mean come here
tell everybody what we're doing today
I've got to spend half my day with you
it's a bit of a ridiculous reason
basically Elia is a university student
and he has to do a project as to which
is only allowed to use university
cameras he obviously has his own camera
that he could use for his project so now
he has to drive all the way to
Manchester which is about an hour and a
half in the car to pick up the equipment
and he asked me if I were to accompany
him in the car to keep him well company
so I said yes and my plan is to go down
to Manchester today and surprise my
girlfriend she'll have no idea I've got
some bad manners and worked on my laptop
so that should pass the time in the car
so arrived in Manchester one and a half
hours later let's really only reason why
it came up to Manchester was just to get
this so back in the car
Eliot has picked up all of his things
that we needed to come to Manchester for
now I'm going to try and get something
out of this trip and surprise my
girlfriend at uni I think she's an
accommodation right now and she has no
idea that I'm a hundred miles away from
home about to come and surprise her
let's see if this works on camera you
happy I've come down see you yeah but
you don't wanna be on camera why do you
want to be on camera because you've got
a cold you look gross are you the man in
the relationship
that's all I've come down QA over I'm
pretty sure I'm at 100% sure she was
more shocked than happy to see me but
I'll take that as mission accomplished
but successful trip to Manchester two
hour drive back let's do it
so guys absolutely a brilliant day today
with Eliot unsurprising my girlfriend
but because I am naturally the nerd that
I am I've been thinking about this all
day this is the thing that anchor got me
this morning this little this little
Christmas gift thing some few items in
there but one in particular I've been
thinking about all day and I is these
Zolo liberty plus buy anchor and these
look like bluetooth wireless in ear
headphones right and you guys have heard
me bash Apple and I never ever thought
I'd say this because I'm an audiophile
and I like good quality music is Apple's
air pops you saw me use them this
morning when I went for a run the
convenience factor ooh
so well this if these are cheaper and
care but they've got the liberties for
$89.99
I don't know I don't even know if these
are out yet well let's test them anyway
shall we just got them on charge here
they're in this like really awesome
metal case that has these sort of
psychedelic lights on them like they're
glowing like really really nicely I'm
not sure if the camera actually picks
that up but turn of ear plugs and then
well it says here grip fit interior
twist it and then up here it says their
IP x5 sweat-proof they're pretty good
they're pretty good
these actually create like a proper seal
in the ear unlike Apple's air pods these
are amazing the seal around I can't hear
anything like but these feel good and
they're not coming out I have no idea
how to connect to these things so low
liberty plus they're right there whoa
that's sick
the bass coming from this thing wait a
minute see if you guys can hear how good
this sounds
okay so guys depending on the actual
price of these Liberty pluses if one of
you guys could find it please put it
down in the comment section for
everybody to see this could be well a
massive massive hit on Apple because
well the air pods as far as I can see
are the only true wireless headphones
actually work really well but have a
reliable Bluetooth connection good
battery life and sound half decent and
don't fall out of your ear and have a
nice charging case this has all of that
as well as the added extra of its
sealing your ear and to my personal
opinion more bass better sound quality
now guys over the next few days I'm
going to take these out and test them on
runs and just use them and see what I
think and let you guys know because
these these could be the Apple air pod
killer know the ultimate Apple air pod
killer here we are now guys all home
just for comparison sake these are
apples air pods with a little skin on
them compared to the size of the little
Zolo Zolo case is quite a bit bigger and
bulkier but when it comes down to
headphones it's all about the sound
quality and I've been compromising a
little bit of sound quality for the
absolute ease of use of these bad boys
but we'll see how these hold up over the
next few days so guys with that being
said I'm gonna go ahead and end today's
vlog here if you haven't copped your
merch yet guys you can go ahead and do
that I'm having a 5% off throughout
January so guys you can check the code
in the description click on the link and
buy yourself some of the coolest merch
but for now guys I will see you in
tomorrow's daily vlog I love your faces
like will be awesome adios
