guys I'm actually back home this is it
good afternoon guys how we were doing my
name is of course Alex welcome back to
another daily vlog and back home that
was the intro that was my vlogging intro
I haven't done that in over a month that
felt good so guys welcome back yes yes I
know it's been a long time coming I was
away for six weeks I went to Australia I
went to New Zealand I did I jumped out
of a plane to start with that's enough
that's enough I can't win anyone over
can't hit gone I had to bungee jumps I
did rope swings I did the third highest
bungee jump in the whole world I jumped
out of a plane there's some absolutely
awesome stuff but now I'm back home and
I wanted to be back home throughout this
whole thing because on this YouTube
channel you guys know we have a persona
we have a theme we do it always the same
we have a hip-hop beat I'm really really
really hyperactive we all like
technology and fun stuff and I couldn't
do that whilst I was over there and let
me explain why I mean you know number
one yes it was a holiday and I did want
to enjoy myself but I still made videos
I still wanted to make videos everyday
which I'll have you know if you haven't
ever been to New Zealand it's really
very hard to get internet over there and
it's also very expensive so how I
managed to do an upload every day is an
achievement in itself if not for you for
me but also 24/7 hours with other people
and it's really hard and really
difficult to vlog around other people
because you know what they do guess what
they do they all just take the like
seriously they just take the so when I
start my video in the morning and I'm
like guys welcome back to another daily
vlog and I'm all energetic I've got
someone behind me taking the mick out of
me going way too many limit any luck and
it's just a motivating and really
draining and that really puts like a an
anchor on the content so I tried the
best I could hopefully those of you that
did watch the vlogs whilst I was away
you enjoyed them but we're back home now
let's start this thing right
we've got some stuff we do need to talk
about seriously though because there was
something something quite major
something quite serious that I should
have told you guys about but I couldn't
tell you about it and it's something
that happened whilst I was away but let
me explain first off none of my life's
work in the room or in my cupboard which
is really annoying so I'm gonna have to
get an electrician around to sort that
out second thing is I'm super jet-lagged
it's like 3 a.m. now in Australia and
I'm on Australian time so I feel like I
want to go to bed but I'm trying to vlog
for you guys and this is the third thing
right this is the third thing this is
what happened this is what I should have
told you guys about whilst I was away
and it's it is quite bad it is quite bad
and it's not gonna affect us or anything
it's been dealt with but you may have
noticed if you watch the videos whilst I
was away I didn't quite see myself
throughout the entire time I was there
and that's because I wasn't I was an
extremely worried version of myself and
an extremely scared version of myself so
as you guys know I went to New Zealand
with the hopes to capture and inspire
people to travel to New Zealand because
it's an absolutely incredible country
and to do that I took two of my main
tools my camera my vlogging camera with
this one right here and my inspire wand
right now you may have noticed behind me
that I now have a phantom 4 and it's
covered in this wrapping stuff and I
don't have an inspire anymore and that's
because whilst I was out there I
actually crashed they inspire into a
tree a pine tree I then couldn't get it
back down I paid for a climbing people
service to come and try and take it down
they got there and said they didn't want
to climb the tree cos it was too
dangerous so that was our IP inspire 1
which was really really really annoying
but that isn't it something worse
happened in that and yes it is regarding
the drone so I was in a city called
Auckland right and I was staying in
Auckland in New Zealand for around 3
days and I did a vlog in Auckland
officers working every day one of my
folks in Auckland I want you to try and
demonstrate to people where I was
staying and what alt can look like so
what better way to do that and take the
drone off try and show people trying to
peep with the city and where I was
staying and that is exactly what I did
now I did that everything was fine drone
was fine I took it off for five minutes
I didn't even fly it probably thirty
meters away from myself took it off to
get shot off where I was brought it back
landed it and put it back in its box
everything was absolutely fine I put it
in the vlog uploaded it to YouTube yadda
yadda yadda that was fine three days
later have moved hotel and I'm traveling
somewhere else in New Zealand I've moved
on from Auckland and I get a knock on my
hotel door and it's one of the staff
that work at the hotel and how many bits
of paper in this had some man's just
been in and given me this bit of paper
and they told me to come and give it to
you so I'm I'm they're like okay that's
fine I'd take the bit of paper and I
look at it and it says please give me a
call ASAP and he had a phone number so
obviously me thinking obviously this
YouTube thing I thought it was a
subscriber trying to get me to call them
so I blocked my phone number so they
couldn't see who was calling and I
called the number and it turned out I
wasn't the subscriber trying to get me
to call them
it was the CIA so overall I just got a
little bit confused
really and I got fined for flying my
drone and I had to go for an interview I
had to be all recorded and I had to tell
them why I was flying and that is what
happened
that is why number one I was quite upset
number two I never flew the drone on my
trip even when I could it was in place
when I could I still didn't just because
I was petrified and I'm 10,000 miles
away from home but I've already
petrified as it is never mind been in
trouble with the CIA for something I
didn't even realize I've done wrong so
yeah that's what happened but still you
know I'm not gonna I'm not gonna let it
affect me right because at the end of
the day right you live and you learn it
was a lesson learned that well it was a
lesson learnt and that's it like you
make the only way you can learn is by
making mistakes and I made a mistake and
I've learnt from it but I thought I'm
back in the UK now I'm on my own land
I'm gonna fly this drone for the first
ever time is this phantom before and try
and compare it to the inspire which I
don't
anymore so let's keep this a go shall we
and now I tell you what this duel it's
pretty snazzy look at this this thing's
pretty cool by the way is about 30
degrees here in the UK I'm sweating like
mad so this little drone has a 4k camera
on it right there it's gimbal eyes
obviously pretty much the exact same as
the inspire the thing is with this
little drone right it has all the
features that the inspire has but it's
half the price and it has these two
little cameras on the front that
apparently are right if this drone is
gonna fly into something it will just
stop itself they're like little sonar
sensors like ppppp don't in my eyes it
has more features than the inspire it's
smaller right so I don't see what I've
got to lose so I've got them I've got
the battery here right let's just pull
up this thing in literally I think you
just and then we need we need we're
gonna need an iPhone that although
interesting couldn't realize that I'm
actually gonna charge the battery you
need to think about things first driving
away pretty much I've been away about
six weeks over a month I really really
really need a heck really badly
boom there we go what what do you think
there we go I've got a shirt on have my
hair cut this battery takes a lot longer
to charge than they inspired it first
thing I've noticed but it's done and I
think over here we've got a gorgeous
sunset so let's disconnect our battery
get our controller insert the battery in
the drone right so I've got my brother
Jacob helping me my little helper gone
mate I'm turn it on I think you turn it
on the same way you do with the inspire
the press it once
and then press it again and hold it they
go and they should make the noise
shouldn't it sweet
i I've just landed it look at this and
no issues come on the screen saying
please confirm I have authorization if
required to fly at this location and I
bear full responsibility for my flight
here so now before you take off you have
to tick these two things this is getting
serious now these drone laws are going
mentally serious which opposes a very
good thing also bit annoying because you
can't get the cool shots that you
otherwise might want right it's not
flying forward for some reason won't fly
forward okay this drone definitely
doesn't work it definitely just doesn't
work look I'm trying to fly it forward
and it won't go forwards it won't go
forward it goes it goes backwards fine
but it won't fly forward you know what
I'm so stupid I've just realized where
it's not flying forward
it's because it's detecting the car in
front of it and it's not gonna fly into
the car it has obstacle obstacle
avoidance okay a feature of this drone
is that it's not gonna fly into anything
because it has sonar on the front of it
it stops you from flying into stuff it
knows the cars in front of it so of
course it's not gonna fly into the car
is it I need to take this thing above
the trees and then we can get the shot
put this thing in the air
for 2 minutes and 13 seconds let me go
got some good shots absolutely just
flying over something my house going
right from one corner to the other
really high in the air hoping that I got
a cool shot of the sunset this thing
from what I could tell pretty good so
I'm literally just about to book in my
drone training now so I can become like
a licensed pilot and hopefully then I
can try and use my drone for like my
commercial work so you know when I'm
doing work for Mars media my company
I'll be able to use the drone because as
of right now if you are charging one of
your clients for work and you're using a
drone that is you're not allowed to do
that okay
and one of the main reasons I want to
become a licensed pilot is because then
what I can do is actually use my drone
for any company worth I do for Mars
media so that would be great if I could
do that because then start charging a
lot more money cuz when you've got a
drone your license to fly it your
license to fly you can start charging
people a fair bit of money I'm assuming
because there's not many people that are
licensed I'm hoping sweet guys I'm gonna
go ahead and end today's vlog here I've
really enjoyed messing around for like
two minutes with this little phantom
drone it's yeah it's pretty good
compared to the inspire one pretty cool
I need to tidy other stuff up I've got
I've got all the bits everywhere on the
batteries uncharged down there hey guys
hey you've had a good day have you've
enjoyed the video
my zoom Alex you guys been awesome still
some keep smiling on the positivity is
key I'll catch you in tomorrow's video
