guys it's currently 2 p.m. here in
England the day after object got back
right and I couldn't speak properly
right right now in Australia and New
Zealand it's around midnight ok and my
body clock obviously I've been there for
a month it's in the timezone over there
and I'm so tired like I cannot function
I just can't function I can't speak
properly I need to go and just eat and
just try and relax this out and try and
get myself back to normal because I've
read online to get your sleep schedule
back got coming from like Australia to
England it can take a good week to get
it back to normal and I need to start
making these daily videos again so today
I'm not doing anything I'm not going to
do anything I'm not gonna force myself
to do anything so what I'm gonna do is
show you guys a video that I made about
half a month ago about this vlogging rig
well I made it a month ago just before I
went to Australia about my vlogging rig
and and how I make it and how I do all
these videos so I thought today will be
the perfect opportunity to show you guys
that video so I'm gonna roll that video
for today but as I say yeah I'm just I'm
just trying to get my body clock right
I'm just absolutely shattered like
destroying me shattered so hopefully you
guys enjoy this and hopefully I can vlog
tomorrow okay let's let you guys learn
about this vlogging rig given the most
casual video I've ever made but let's go
hello if you're watching this I'm
probably in Australia right and due to
that fact all New Zealand actually and
due to that I might not have been able
to upload today so instead of ruining
this streak that we've got on on this
channel I think I've had like 250 days
of consecutive days of me actually
uploading without fail to this channel
instead of destroying that I'm recording
one of two videos right now this is one
about my vlogging self and
our vlog because a lot of youtubers have
actually asked me that the biggest one
being a guy called nature obviously you
know him he said this Mars bar gaming he
does like daily vlogs and they're just
phenomenal
so I was watching his videos last night
I was like listen I'm going to buy the
same camera and I want to do something
some of that I just thought it was so
cool how he told stories in his videos
and how well he actually did it I don't
really watch many YouTube videos I
really don't and so when I went through
a few of those videos I just kept
watching because one they were really
really well edited too like I said he
told the story very very well in three
just the quality of his videos with the
equipment that he was using was just
fantastic I feel like this self that
I've mastered here is one of the best
setups for vlogging to get the to get
the best quality and saying that it's
definitely not the cheapest you probably
couldn't spend any more than this
buttburn mind I'm a filmmaker and I use
this this is my main camera for making
films and for clients recently I've been
working for companies such as the
national lotto which is absolutely
incredible to have those sorts of
clients on my database this is the
camera that I do all of that work with
this is the camera that I've also
adapted for vlogging as well so people
that nature of said that it's like the
best quality they've seen and I thought
as well as the comments section asking
me you know Alex how are you doing your
stuff and how what what is it that's
behind all the quality I thought I'd lay
out I've done this thing for like half a
year now give you guys my life might
might like my tips what what I think you
guys should avoid doing and what I think
you should do if you guys are trying to
do vlogging or get into daily vlogging
so first off I'm going to go through
myself first and then I'll go through
some like different options that you can
do for daily vlogging like a lot of
cheaper options a few point-and-shoot
cameras are good for good for vlogging
or you know doing videos but one of the
main things you need in a camera like
this is a fast and silent autofocus
system so if you're going for a let's
say a DSLR type camera which is what a
lot of big vloggers do like KC nice stat
and Ben Brown and also from following we
have we all use a DSLR cameras a lot of
cheap DSLRs don't have autofocus or if
they do it only works for photo and not
with video so if you're wanting to vlog
with a DSLR the first thing you need to
make sure you nail down is that it has a
fast and silent autofocus system as well
as probably facial tracking which which
helps a ton but anyway let me go through
this this rig that I've got here now the
first rule of filmmaking for me is that
audio quality
Trump's video quality like like by any
by any means if you have good video
quality and you know your even 4k or
1080p on the screen and everything's
nice and sharp and you can see
everything but the audio quality sounds
like it's been recorded from a potato
then there's just no point like you need
good audio to have good video if that
makes sense so we'll start from the top
I've got the road the road there this is
a shotgun mic video mic Pro shotgun
microphone now this this has been
through the wars it's one of the best
microphones I've ever used as far as
reliability and durability and the
actual sound of this thing but it's not
cheap 150 pounds here in the UK this is
actually the older generation that
bought a brand new one which is
apparently even even even better than
this one but I just can't want upgrading
because this has been absolutely amazing
so this has fallen off the top of my car
when I've been traveling at 34 miles an
hour onto a road and smashed on the
floor and it still works absolutely fine
one of the buttons are smashed off but
that's fine to put some tape over it
still works fine it takes nine volt
batteries and they last for weeks and
pretty much you just turn it on and plug
it into your camera
and you're done that is the mic and the
reason it's like a barrel like this is
because the camera faces you like this
in this microphone only picks up what's
in front of it and whatever's around it
gets canceled out
so that is brilliant all the background
noise get cancelled out and focusing on
whatever's in front of it if I'm
pointing my camera at someone else it
can hear them nice and clear putting
together myself it can hear me nice and
clear hopefully with some look and there
you go it's it's a microphone
and it picks up audio really well
couldn't recommend this thing enough so
yes microphone number one priority for
video by any stretch of imagination get
yourself a good mic that is that right
second thing is the actual camera itself
now this is a sony a7s mark ii
second-generation now i had the first
generation that fell off the top of the
car with this microphone and actually
smashed into bit so I probably said Alex
you're not taking care of your equipment
why was it falling off the top of your
car it wasn't my fault I didn't leave it
on top of the car but we're not going to
get into that into that for now I bought
the second generation through the
insurance that came after I broke the
first one I bought this cameras got a
carbon rap on it from slick wraps which
just keeps it from you know it keeps the
elements from destroying it and yeah it
can do 4k 1080p it can do 120 fps
slow-motion at full 1080p which is
brilliant because I have a segment all
the time in my vlogs where I do slow
motion and you guys seem to love it so
that is is that so that's all its
features I use for vlogging it's only
those 12 megapixel stills that's custom
or a video camera really fast
silent autofocus motor in this and if
you pair it with a Carl Zeiss lens the
autofocus is going to work fine now this
lens here is about a thousand pounds and
it's huge it's huge if I can get a
smaller lens I would but this is where
things get a little bit complicated
right if I take off the lens on this
you see how big that sensor is in there
that's a full-frame sensor so this is
where things get a little bit
complicated this is a 16 mil lens 16 to
35 millimeter lens now ideally if you've
log in you know in an hour deal scenario
you want about a 10 millimeter lens now
this is a 16 millimeter but it's a 10
millimeter equivalent because the sensor
is so big on this camera
this lens acts like a 10 mil but it's
actually a 16 mil that makes sense this
has got autofocus it zooms it could zoom
or but it doesn't that is the main body
of the camera I've got a load of
batteries
you can just take the batteries out like
this and also another main selling point
of this bad boy is that if you're ever
going anywhere and you don't want to
take the battery charger to charge these
batteries you can actually charge this
thing by a micro USB which is brilliant
so that is that that is the main body of
the camera I'll put up in the
description and then this is the Joby
Gorillapod
focus the most expensive and
ridiculously priced bit of hardware
you'll ever you Leela but you'll ever
come across pretty much it's just a load
of little ball joints and you can twist
them around wherever you want like that
and it has a head on it which you can
twist the head around on top of it like
that and you can also easily detach the
camera if you'd want to it's all made
out of metal really sturdy you probably
think you know these are these are be
about sixty quid I think again they're
about like 150 absolutely ridiculous and
absolutely ridiculous absolutely
ridiculous but the thing is the reason
they can charge that much is because
there's nothing else in the market that
is this is like this that they have they
have the niche they haven't they haven't
nailed down there's nothing else you can
buy that's pretty much like this that
does the same job so that they can
charge that much that it's just that is
just how the world works and to that is
that that is the actual setup itself so
I'm going to go through first why seems
wrong that topic why I've got the most
expensive gorilla pod here so this is
the gorilla pod down from this one and I
thought this was adequate I thought you
know if I bought this one I could easily
put my camera on top of it
hold it out and do and do some vlogging
but that was that this wasn't the case
these are the little joints that you
know go inside of here
and as you can see I think there's one
of these legs yeah it's that one you see
how easily I can push that right as if
I'm trying to sell my camera that just
falls out and the problem with this one
is all these little joints here right
they snap right because this this is a
60 pound gorilla pod these just really
are bad for the price these are
absolutely atrocious you buy this in a
month it will guarantee be broken every
single review I've seen of these people
just say use it fine for a month and
then you can have to buy a new one so
what I thought was instead of buying
another one of these I just bought this
big bad boy and I haven't had any
problems I haven't had any problems with
it so far which is absolutely brilliant
so try and avoid this if you can if you
if your camera is quite heavy and yeah I
would avoid this at all costs
I've used loads of other methods in my
town while I've been working I've
actually used a suction cup which was
great for a few months until I had my
point in shoot at the time which was a
rx100 mark for I had it on a window as I
was getting a vlogging shot and the
camera actually fell off the window the
suction cup gave in fell off the window
and my arts 100 mark for smashed into
bits on the floor so avoid any any
suction cups and the can if you can
avoid suction cups just have just avoid
them because it's just an accident
waiting to happen
but this is the best thing I've found so
far as far as the setup goes and now
other options for you guys I know this
is ridiculous and I've really liked my
equipment so that this is my setup but
you guys are going to want some
different options so here we go
point-and-shoots great point issues for
vlogging we've got the canon g7x mark 1
& 2 both absolutely brilliant I use the
g7 X mark one for half a year until
someone dropped it in a pool in Spain
and it just broke which was absolutely
sick yeah brilliant
and so yeah g7x mark one absolutely
awesome vlogging camera battery lasts
for ages the good quality HD does the
job you've got a bit more money to spend
though the Sony rx100 Mark 4 which is
the camera that
I had that I really rate great autofocus
great sound quality great video quality
can do 4k as well it was on this and
that fell off this and it shattered into
bits up if it didn't do that I'd
probably still be using that a step up
from that you going into DSLR turret
true so that is I'm it's a Canon 70d it
has autofocus motors Casey nice that
uses a 70d if you've ever watched one of
his videos I'm sure you have it you're a
blogger yeah he uses a 70d with a I
think uses a Tamron 10 to 22 mil lens on
that and which is great 10/10 bills I've
said great nice and wide for for
vlogging and he uses a Shore shotgun
microphone I currently tell any
difference between the shore and this
but the show is like twice as much money
as this which is a I don't see the point
spending money on stuff when
