about my golden lounge good morning guys
how y'all doing my name is of course
Alex welcome back to another daily video
in this video I'm going home
I love it when funds come up and
surprise me in the airport the most
funniest thing ever he's been told off
for bringing water through security
very helpful tell you where to go it's a
big fast plane there by a double-decker
plane a big thick plane left face check
out this sweet as plane I've got all of
these buttons all of these controllers
all this legroom on a massive screen
it's absolutely massive
one hour left of this flight one hour
and I've slept through most of it this
is like a 13 14 hour
80% of it and I'm just watching straight
out Kunta
it's really really good I'm back in the
UK finally I was also literally first
off the plane as well I was the first
time for me ever being first off a plane
I was literally the first person off it
through passport control now let's get
my bags
and it's raining welcome back to Newark
Alex nice on a real though I slept
through the entire journey look yes an
alarm on my phone to wake me up
otherwise I would not have got off that
train I'm so tired and jet-lagged
ridiculously jet-lagged
it's crazy to think that for the last
month I've been living out of this bag
I'm sorry I'm just a little bit hyped
right now I'm back in my I'm back in my
room I'm back I'm back I want to cry I'm
so happy I'm so he says that I'm back
guys I'm back I'm literally home
look I missed it so much oh okay it
looks like my LEDs have fallen down so
we need to fix those well got on how
everything works I think I need to press
the button over here press those and
then hopefully they're coming on I've
got a load of parcels to open and why is
there a picture of me on I forgot my
password ah X incorrect damn okay no I
mean we're on oh yes okay guys I'm back
home but none of my lights work like
none of the lights work for some reason
I've got a brand new door you guys are
aware that I did punch my door before I
left because I was very stressed with
something so I've had a new door
installed which is a bit annoying
because it was the fan door how'd all of
your guys fun notes on it I've kept that
door it's in the garage I need to try
and take all that stuff off and put it
back on this one but then key thing is
it doesn't have a hole on the other side
of it which is good this is what I've
missed not the download I'm not too
bothered about the download it's the
upload come on please be good oh that's
why I won now with that it takes about
two minutes to upload a video instead of
two hours so we there's my turntables
there I can't show you guys good normal
none of my lights are working at all
right guys I'm really running a shower
I'm super tired super jet lagged
I'm gonna call today's vlog short here I
can't believe I'm home genuinely just
can't believe that I'm home and I'm just
so happy that normal vlogs are gonna
resume
homologues you know live locks in a
resume yes right - metallics you guys
been awesome styles and keep smiling I'm
so jet-lagged and I will say you end up
Morrow's video we're home guys
actually yes
