this is how a proper Ozzy does breakfast
in the morning tomorrow have sausages
we'll put eggs on inside my flight is
tonight
I'm leaving Australia tonight oh my god
last day breakfast now consumed to
facilitate this last day we're gonna go
on a really cool 40-minute Scenic York
give you guys a bit of a better view of
the house obviously I tried you
guys it last night but it was obviously
a pitch black out here so this this is
it this is it and then the view you can
literally see the sea from down there
now are you doing bar house quick update
we've arrived it took about ten minutes
there's the lighthouse and well that's
quite cool absolutely gorgeous views to
behold
and oh my god stop going you phone all
the time
we've just been all the way up there to
separate walks we tried to get a coffee
but it was too busy so we're gonna go
and try get a coffee somewhere else so I
came here yesterday and picked up one of
these coffees and it was one of the best
copies of my life so there's only right
before I leave that I come back and get
another one
all packed up now ready to go just right
now out to the bus stop we're waiting
for a bus to get into town and I think
my plan is to get an uber to the airport
and then I get on my flight to my first
of two flights back to England this is
happening this is actually happening and
it seems like yesterday since I arrived
right this is the last time I'm seeing
Barney for like two or three weeks until
he comes back to England because he's
going on holiday with his dad but
looking thing literally only seems like
two minutes ago since I arrived here and
then you guys saw me and Barney meet for
the first time just met yeah and now
that was like over a month ago a month
and a half ago and now I'm going home
and Barney's going somewhere else and
Sydney Sydney for a week at home and
then you know you're going away you're
going to hold it for a week and then
you're going home I go so call this to
the airport now
Barney's gonna catch a train ride oh oh
yeah
I'll catch when you get back in the UK
unless you've been stood have about five
minutes waiting to check in what are you
doing if I go through security I'm just
going to check to make sure that
everything is in my bag where it should
be and nothing that shouldn't be in
there is it I had to leave my drone in
some sort of special cage back over
there
fragile apparently well it is quite
fragile so happy that they've done that
hopefully doesn't break it made it
through security bags checked in I think
I'm ready to get I honestly think I've
found the best pair of glasses for me
but I always look at glasses and I just
think to myself I love the ones that I
already have like already I love them so
much I have like these style of glasses
B style the only one that takes my fancy
right now is these new wooden ones they
look so nice but they just too expensive
all right I'm trying to find my way to
some sort of business lounge
I'm gonna try and get in here the
business lounge is located back out the
doors and right at the end of the walk
sound it could take a seat just here
okay I've made it into the lounge there
we go I'm all satisfied just in a little
bit of work yesterday's video is all
ready to go now can you chill in this
airport lounge and that's all I've got
to do now
until my flight boards obviously so a
lot of you guys been tweeting me and
saying that a lot of you want to go to
university which is absolutely great and
you guys are saying I liked how did you
get along without going to university
because I'm going to university got my
results the ADI idea that you get the
point and a lot of you been asking for
some clarification on how I've done all
of that so I'm going to talk about uni
for a second right now I know my
girlfriend Mia she's going to uni she's
been having a load of problems with her
accommodation and deciding whether she
wants to go or not and if she if she if
she thinks it's gonna be worth it and
honestly I really think if you are
passionate about a subject like State
let's do like a photography for example
and you want to go see a photography at
uni I would 100% recommend you go into
it because apparently from what I've
been told you meet amazing people and
it's the best time of your life I know
I'm saying that and I haven't done it
but apparently that's what I've heard so
unique congratulations to those of you
who've got your results two days ago
when you got into University well done
you well on your way to being successful
and for those of you that didn't get
into uni i yeah doesn't really matter
like just just chill out
don't don't don't let it stress you
please don't let it stress you but right
I signed up to go to uni I was gonna go
to you now I was gonna go to
Lincolnshire uni and study videography
and all of this stuff but instead I
wanted to focus more on YouTube and take
a bit of a year travelling which you
guys have seen through these daily vlogs
and I found it really really really
difficult when I was going into
and starting it all off and trying to
find accomodation and speaking to people
I found it really really really really
really difficult and you guys been
tweeting me say and Alex I'm a bit
worried about going to uni do you think
I should you think I shouldn't and I not
qualified to give you guys a surprise
I'm really not so put a link in the
description right called tulip to a
website like called campus Society if
you go there and you sign up it has like
a massive forum where you can talk to
other people about going to university
can talk to other people about
accommodation at university talk to
people about talking to other people and
talking to other people about doggin
about university it's beneficial website
a forum social media platform if you
like just all about going to university
and different bits and bobs like that
and also if you sign up to the website
that for you guys they're giving away a
MacBook Pro so you go in the description
sign up to the website if you haven't
sure what about uni they're giving away
a MacBook Pro as well which is
absolutely awesome so I'll drop it in
the description hopefully that helps you
guys right I packed up all of my stuff
I'm trying to make my way to the gate
now in reasonable time but I think I'm a
little bit late its gate number 34 I
believe and it says over there it's a
seven minute walk seven minutes
sweet I've made it and I'm not late
let's get on this flight this is also
rushed and I definitely feel like I've
forgotten something but right two
flights to go I can sleep on this flight
because I'm really tired but if I do
that means I won't be an English time
and I feel like I need to start getting
an English time right now but I'm just
so tired
please gentlemen we have landed at Gale
International Airport it is a safety
requirement that you remain seated until
the aircraft comes to a complete stop
you may use your mobile phones after the
seatbelt sign is switched off just got
off my flight landed in Kuala lumper
it's
for 14 in the morning here a.m. and it's
so so hard so I'm doing what's called a
connected flight which means I get off
this plane when I've just gotten off and
I'm gonna get on another plane now
usually that happens instantly you get
on your the plane but this one I've got
a six-hour layover
so after stay in this Airport for six
hours and then I get on a new flight the
only problem with this is I've never
done this before like I just don't know
where to go or what to do obviously I
don't put my bags up I'm just gonna go
to the Golden House you see if I can get
in please let me in please let me in
please let me in
I didn't pay to get in this lounge at
all and they've just let me in this is
mental I'm pretty sure I can stay here
for six hours I might even get a shower
it is massive land I'm just gonna go and
sit here a little glass protectors this
is what I've managed to secure for a
little bit of breakfast got myself a
small bowl of cornflakes I've got two
core sons and a bit of orange gotta wait
now here four hours so I'm gonna get
some work done on the ye olde Mars bar
laptop and hopefully you guys have
enjoyed today's video if you have a like
rating would be awesome and it's come to
my realization today that I've managed
to vlog every single day traveling
around New Zealand and I'm not sure how
I've done that but I put a tweet out
about it want to follow me on Twitter
takes out Mars bar gaming and I pretty
much said that you can really tell when
someone's passionate about something
when they really put the work in and I
have really tried my best to put the
work in whilst I've been traveling I
don't think quite understand that every
single day I've been getting up and
moving to a new location getting on a
bus that said I am going out trying to
drink with my friends and keep up with
them and come back editing videos doing
activity
I've got client meetings over here
whilst have been in New Zealand seeing
clients potential clients were clients
for my company Mars media who want some
promotion and different things like that
so it's been very very full-on I
wouldn't classify as a holiday more a
short break even though I haven't had a
break up a bit or more in this month
than I ever have in 2016 but anyway guys
planning good Alex you've been awesome
catch you in my next video adios
