good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is of course a licen before today's
daily vlog starts before I head back to
Sydney I've got an awesome opportunity
for you guys now you guys know I've been
on the Kiwi experience for the last
month and I've had the most incredible
time of my life and I like your
experience have given me and those guys
an awesome opportunity and I'm gonna
give away some awesome Kiwi experience
stuff for you but massive list of stuff
let's go inside and talk buyers
actually the Kiwi experienced offices
but this is the boardroom table we've
got a massive map of where where you go
so I'm currently in the Kiwi experience
offices right now and I just can see
behind me perfect opportunity to show
you guys this is the actual bus that I
traveled around with my poor friends New
Zealand I did all the activities and
this is the Kiwi experience
bus that goes around all of New Zealand
now Kier expirence reached out to me and
I knew guys as well and said look we've
seen your videos they're awesome all the
activities are awesome why don't we
combine the two and do a giveaway right
and give your audience some awesome
passes and some awesome opportunities to
travel New Zealand so of course I said
yes isn't that because I want you guys
to experience exactly what I've done
because this has been the best month of
my life it's so far been amazing so
let's get into a little bit of a
giveaway now me and the boys did this
thing called the Funky Chicken pass and
that is exactly what I'm giving away for
you guys now that is the key experiences
like most popular pass at the moment and
you get to go round like see all of New
Zealand and you also get the opportunity
to do all of the activities you've seen
in my video so that's anything from like
the O going in the ogre balls with a
filtered water all the way through to
luging going downhill in the cars to
doing mental sky dives and crazy bunny
jumps that are like 134 meters high all
of that you get the opportunity to
experience if you'd like and you also
I'm also going to throw in the legendary
black water rafting experience with your
pass and that is the underwater caving
so you can go through the caves get a
private tour of the caves through there
with your friends and go through and
experience all of the white worms now
the way to enter you probably thinking
is how am I going to enter this I really
want to win this it's just absolutely
awesome pretty much right what what you
guys to do is go through all the videos
all other vlogs that you've seen from me
and I want you to put a comment in this
video saying what your favorite video
was why it was your favorite video and
what your favorite activity was and the
reasons behind it I'm gonna pick one
winner right and that one winner is
going to win everything I've just
explained and the same
for one of your mates to come with you
as well how awesome is that
and for those guys that don't win I know
there's obviously only one winner I'm
not leaving you guys out promo code time
now this is just for you guys the promo
code is Mars bar go to key recs business
website link will be in the description
and you can get 10% off any of the
national passes up until March of 2017
so that way everyone that watches my
videos can have a chance to get a little
bit money off and experience new zealand
through the Kiwi experience right I need
to go catch my flight now we're really
late
yeah made it onto the plane on our way
to Sydney now since I've got these
really cool screens and them like touch
screens in the back of the seats and you
can watch all these films and they've
got stuff like wait what a Barney fine
how did you find that they've got the
goddamn freaking jungle book on here
somehow it's not even out yet because
this is a fairly cool plane for the
amount that we paid for it really really
cheap check this out for LEDs okay this
is just absolutely blowing my mind
I'm literally blowing my mind we figured
out that there wasn't a pulldown thing
on here oh the pulldown there's nothing
to pull it down and then you first a
little switch go on press that and can
choose you can choose one start pretty
intense
you literally choose how much light you
wanna let through so if we go bottom go
right to the bottom getting dark I don't
even know if it shows up on the video
it's got really blue and like dark
that's blown my mind
and there we go
arrived in Sydney it's about 25 degrees
at about 11:50 2:00 in the morning
it's absolutely boiling this is boiling
so this right down here behind me is
what's known by the locals as a secret
Beach no one ever comes down here
apparently so this is a secret Beach as
you can see there's absolutely loads of
yachts everywhere water coming up here
tiny little stretch right here
very nice plane with a dog just come out
for the Sun to set now this is my last
day on the whole entire trip this is it
tomorrow at this time I will be getting
ready to get to the airport to fly my
first flight to kuala lumper and then
back home again so I've got the next two
days gonna be traveling this it's my
last evening in Sydney or Australia or
the whole trip this is it the last
evening so tonight we're staying at
Barney's aunties and there's a massive
privilege to stay that I can show you
guys the view it's naturally gorgeous
apologies guys I haven't really been
videoing anything much but this is told
you about my last day here on this whole
entire trip in my last day in Sydney and
this is like the what do you call it
where we are like rural wasn't cool the
book the bush this is the bush and I've
never been here before it's like this
off Outback of Sydney and it's just like
so breathtaking over said one of the
best coffees in my life which is really
nice when you're stopping off here to
get some fruit and veg because me and
Barney have ate like absolute animals
the last month so we need to get some
fruit and veg in us and on the side note
it's the cutest dog I've ever seen in my
life so we've just got back this is the
view from this absolutely incredible
house look at it so Barney's just sat in
here he's just chillin on his phone in
there and then this is the view from the
house I'm just sat or stored rather on
this balcony what an absolutely
incredible view this is I really want to
really want to take off the drone but I
need to look at the airshow map to see
if there's any like air share around
here because the laws are pretty much
the same as New Zealand whereas if
you're flying anywhere within an
aerodrome it's fairly well not Goods
breaking the law general rule of thumb
is if you live over here don't bother
buying a drone just because there's no
you can never fly it anywhere here you
go look the Sun is finally it's
disappeared behind the hills Wow
just take a listen to the noises of the
animals just insane
so guys this is the bush in Australia
right and when I came to Australia I I
was primarily in Sydney right
Sydney's great but it's like a town is
well it's a massive massive city like
London like New York like places that
I've been before obviously seeing the
Opera House was awesome but this this is
proper Sydney like if you just look
around it's pitch black right now but
this right here this building right like
here where the light is about someone's
house
I'm currently staying in this house
tonight this thing just here which is
absolutely awesome and the view from the
balcony when you guys have just seen
that time-lapse just phenomenal
absolutely incredible
you've got the moon up there and these
massive massive trees in less than 24
hours guys I'm starting my flight home
so in tomorrow's video I'm technically
flying I am in tomorrow's video flying
home me flying home be on a plane
tomorrow we'll be part of tomorrow's
video I'm gonna be home but very very
soon but it's like 10 o'clock it's been
two days of getting up and getting
planes at like 6:00 in the morning so
I'm gonna catch some much-needed rest
and I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
video I hope you enjoyed the giveaway
today
from Kiva experience we don't know if
you giveaways and I must've video so if
you guys have enjoyed that but for now
- relax you guys been awesome released a
awesome keep smiling this looks scary
and I'll see you in my next video right
ready for it a dias
