like yep
good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily video I'm in the
airport is 5:30 in the morning I'm
throwing these facts at your left right
and center this is my first oh my god of
having to speak without like burping got
a coffee to try and wake me up I feel so
horrible this is my first ever internal
fly in an internal flight is where you
don't actually leave the country you're
just flying from one side of the country
to the other and that is exactly what
I'm doing today
the fries are taking a good plane into
consideration one of the main things you
want is a good bit of leg room right I'm
a small guy hey is this plane that's as
far away as the cameras I can get for my
face I bet so pretty wide though no legs
I believe should fit my extreme quarter
past 6:00 in the morning about to take
off in 15 minutes finally arrived what
happens when it's like 7:00 in the
morning I forget to Tim a microphone or
what time is it half past 8:00 so we've
arrived in Auckland and we're currently
waiting for our pickup we're gonna get
some breakfast checking at hotels when
the day in Auckland and then get a
flight over Sydney just left that bags
in the budget Ibis we're now gonna get
some breakfast
so just finished up my subway had a
cheeky orange juice running on four
hours sleep it's now 10:00 a.m. and I'm
sat right right now I'm sat in the Kiwi
experience offices turns out they've
been watching my videos as I've been
going around the trip and they
absolutely love them so we've been
invited to come check out the Q
experience offices and all the branding
of the goes on here business meetings so
Barney and I are just sat in the lobby
of this Ibis budget hotel we're waiting
to check in it's currently half past
1:00 and you can only check in at 2:00
which is really annoying they won't let
us check in yet yeah that's it number
eight mate precip number eight eight
there we go oh welcome this is the pad
for the rest of today and tonight let's
do a little tour around tear it up which
is it two beds two single beds a little
kitchen with some stuff on it I need to
set all my stuff up on here really and
there's like a lot of room in here
what's in here so look Oh mate Oh mate
you're right the idea yeah I'm good you
this is the biggest McDonald's you'll
ever see in your life
running into a big McDonald Jeff's get
big it is a long way up that is the next
destination I'm gonna see if I can jump
off of that like jump off of it I don't
know if it's still open though or if
they'll let me do it but I'm gonna try
and jump off for this thing or shotgun
things that fire up in a ball or you can
jump off that and that does look quite
high sign your life away Barney friends
sign it away right now
ride at your own risk we're gonna do
this thing here
here comes the music boom boom
the home
right and it's gonna buy some rings well
a ring for myself because when I was in
Auckland before I started my travels
around New Zealand I actually bought two
rings one being gold is one of the being
silver and they had owls on them and one
of them was for me and one of the was my
girlfriend and I lost mine because I was
in a rush one morning so let's come buy
one of those now I honestly have
absolutely no idea where to get these
rings from I've been looking for about
half an hour now and I just can't find
the shop where I bought I bought some
rings before and I lost them and I'm
pretty sure the place will need to buy
the Rings is down here but I'm not sure
where
okay sweet after all of that I found the
ring that's brilliant all done now let's
get out Pokemon I'm literally you guys
can't even see I've got my brightness on
so low
just because Pokemon does use so much
goddamn battery but yeah I'm trying to
hatch eggs what you guys been asking for
my stats
I'm currently level 18 yeah to be honest
with you guys these are my highest
Pokemon I don't really know what I'm
doing like I'm not a massive Pokemon fan
but you know what this game is quite
cool so it's not very late I've got
about a little bit of work have a shower
and now I'm gonna go get something to
eat
barney is fast asleep
so but actually only just realized that
my vlogs I've better have done this but
my vlogs are actually about three days
behind where I actually am right now I
don't know how I managed to do that I
went to the shop instead of going to get
food just because I'm on a bit of a
butcher obviously traveling and stuff I
don't that much money left so saying
that that pretty much means by the time
you guys see this I am pretty much at
home pretty much almost literally at
home probably will be at home maybe so I
mean whoa so I'm going to get another
early night tonight guys so I've got to
be up again at 4:00 a.m. to catch
another boy at 7:00 and I don't know I'm
getting this fly so early
