you guys see how thin I am how thin and
lanky and horrible I look I used to go
to the gym back in the UK I've been here
forever a month haven't been to the gym
yet in a month pump into the gym since I
was a gym in this hotel where I'm
staying right now so I'm gonna make the
most of that I've just come back from a
rather important meeting which I will
talk to you guys more about when I get
back to the UK yes it is quite serious
and yes I have been charged
don't worry though guys I've talked to
you about it when we get back to the UK
for now let's go to the gym the lift
just went past me so I'm just stood in
the lobby of my hotel right now well in
the corridor and I just want to show you
guys that I'm absolutely fine I've had a
few issues whilst I've been here in New
Zealand a few like weird issues that
I've had to overcome to do with this
whole YouTube thing I've had a massive
meeting this morning and a lot of things
have been discussed and there's been a
few issues but those issues are now
sorted out and everything's fine as I
say I'll talk to you guys more about it
when I get back to the UK when I'm back
in my comfort zone and I feel like
comfortable to talk about it hopefully
you guys can respect that but I don't
want to talk about it here but mean the
boys are gonna go out the boys that
they're gonna treat me to Suicide Squad
they're gonna go and see Suicide Squad
with me we're gonna go and see Suicide
Squad as a whole as a collective all of
us together we're gonna go and see it
there's three friends
they took my camera off me I have my
camera taken off me
we've just been to see Suicide Squad me
and the boys and it was awesome
so impressions of Suicide Squad right
this is what I'm selling is it I'm going
to tell you right if you're 18 maybe 19
or under the age it's brilliant
go ahead and watch it right it's awesome
if you're over the age only watch it if
you're childish
that will be my opinion the second thing
is this town see that I mean right now
for Christchurch is the biggest like I
don't even know what to say explain
Christchurch no yeah I think they live
for the explanation
so guys I've got my first flight in the
morning as you've just seen that I've
just been packing up all of my bags
getting ready to go to the airport at
4:30 a.m. in the morning it's currently
about 8 p.m. at night right now so I'm
gonna go to bed in the next two hours
I've got a load of emails to do a load
of work to do
what were you looking at so APM now I'm
gonna go up to my room do a load of
emails get all that sorted in
preparation for going home catching my
flight tomorrow morning and then I'm
gonna go to bed I gotta give up 4:00
a.m. catch my flight at 6:30 which is
gonna be hard to do really really hard
to do but when I let you guys know
something I'll let you guys know that
over the next two days is going to be a
few giveaways coming on the channel and
I like to prep you guys for this because
I do giveaways quite a lot and I like
everyone to be involved in the giveaways
that we do on the channel and let me
tell you guys this is over I think 4000
pounds worth of stuff I've gathered up
and I'm gonna be giving away over the
next few days so hopefully that's
something you guys can look forward to
because who who doesn't like a giveaway
no one doesn't like a giveaway okay no
one but yes this is my last night in
Christchurch it's been a bit of an
experience coming here hasn't been the
most exciting place obviously because of
what happened with the earthquake and
pretty much everything having to be
rebuilt I was speaking to someone this
morning and they were telling me about
the earthquake someone that lived here
and it was actually such a catastrophic
incident I don't remember seeing
anything about it on the news but a lot
of people lost their lives and I've got
major respect for anyone involved or all
the families that who were affected by
the loss of a family member or a friend
my heart goes out to you because that is
something that personally I would I
wouldn't be able to deal with and my
heart honestly goes out to you because
this place coming here it's just not -
bit of sense into my brain right guys
I'm gonna go on a bit of a Pokemon go
mission your spoons ever do this um
what's it doing there we go I'm really
gonna put the Pokemon go mission I'm
sorry for the short blog today Suicide
Squad was absolutely awesome but as I
say I've got to go to bed really early
tonight to get up for tomorrow morning
when I'm catching my flies I hope you
tomorrow as well should be a little bit
longer and should make up for it I just
need to get some sleep hopefully you
guys respect that but for now my Tasman
I like you guys
Hey look Peter pie Peter pie
