morning guys how are y'all doing my name
is of course I like some welcome to
Christchurch this is my first prompt day
here I need to go and grab some
breakfast so these are all the
containers right now where these
buildings actually falling down because
of the earthquake - they're working out
of containers so after about 15 minutes
walking we've finally found somewhere to
have breakfast an expensive there's the
menu this place is quite cool - I got
the table
like what's going on that it's like
old-fashioned spoons inside the table
but I'm gonna have bacon and eggs
Thank You Black Betty for some awesome
breakfast
guys look at this how crazy is this
you're coming here like this look and
it's like danger no trespassing and then
this church is just been absolutely
destroyed from the earthquake life's not
out to get you despite the things you've
been through I have not commanded you be
strong courageous do not be afraid or
discouraged for the Lord your God with
you wherever you go oh it's all like
religious stuff isn't it because it's
the church well that through there is
just crazy look at all these stones here
and all the people just looking at the
church so the reason I'm coming to this
park is very much so because of this you
can see all those focus ups right around
here but just again look how clear the
water is
alright you can see the reflection of my
camera and the doctor just like
absolutely loving it so this is called
the world peace bail me and Barney just
stopping up here just to have a look at
it and we just sort of sat here just
admiring it we came to the conclusion
that we thought it was something to do
with the earthquakes that's been
happening here but it's not a little bit
of research and it turns out it's to do
with World War two and just general
world peace trying to bring world peace
but it's just like just such a nice
sight
this place is just phenomenal phenomenal
phenomenal it gorgeous Wow
this is just literally kind of like a
national park area there's palm trees
and then look at this massive massive
tree is literally a pond she said it's
like just walking through paradise
so we just come into the Pokemon go
Museum here in Queenstown as you can see
we've got Pokemon go here we can you can
look around just to see look it's like a
screen look and you put your phone there
and then you can like zoom right into it
and you can see the pixels
what is that noise so guys it's gotten
dark here now in New Zealand if I just
pull out what's in my pocket right now
you can see wait a minute wait for it
I've just come on a little walk because
I'm playing playing a cheeky little bit
of okay my phone's just not working nice
just playing a cheeky little bit of
Pokemon go I've got an egg and an
incense on at the moment so I'm just
walking about trying to make the most of
that as you can tell this trip has been
absolutely phenomenal
it's been non-stop until pretty much
yesterday when I arrived in Queenstown
obviously yesterday and now I'm here for
now like a few days now and it's time to
just relax and take this or treat this
as a bit more of a holiday these next
few days more than a trip an organised
trip around New Zealand we're having to
get up at 7 a.m. every morning so guys
this this is the end of pretty much all
the activities and stuff now all I've
got left to do is is to travel home
which is a very good thing because I'm a
very very very very homesick as you guys
can probably tell through how I act or
have been acting in these videos I'm
very very homesick and I just really
want to get home and and see all the
family and show them all the videos I've
been making because the whole point of
me coming on this trip was to obviously
have a great time but I wanted to
capture video and show everyone you know
on the internet and all my family and
all my friends how awesome New Zealand
is and what you can do here so that was
been the whole point of me trying to
vlog every day whilst I've been here
instead of you know turning the camera
off I'm treating it as a holiday I
wanted to try and bring you guys along
with me and show you all the awesome
things New Zealand has to offer and all
of the awesome activities you can do
whilst you're here and if you ever get a
chance to add a hundred percent
recommend visiting New Zealand it's just
been phenomenal so I'm in Christchurch
right now and doesn't lie to you guys
I'm here for a few days and whilst I've
been here we haven't really been doing
that much and it's given me a little bit
of time to reflect
on the past activities and what we've
done because it's all move that fast
I've been doing the activities which is
great what's not so great is I haven't
really had the time to try and take the
activities in because we do it and then
like you don't have time to reminisce
over it it's just you moving straight on
to the next thing and it's that that's
it done really and it's look a little
bit annoying because you don't have time
at the time to think our wires been
skydiving I've just done a Bundy jump
I literally you know do the activity go
back a little video fall asleep and now
I've arrived here giving me a little bit
of time to think about how awesome it's
been and it just has been phenomenal
hopefully you guys can see that through
the videos so I'm just trying to chill
out playing a little bit of a Pokemon go
whilst I'm just wandering wandering the
streets just just chillin it's quite
late right now
sweet guys I'm gonna end today's vlog
here I really do hope you've enjoyed it
I've just been running about trying to
hatch an egg and I've been told
actually Mia told me that there's some
like rare pokemons that you can get
whilst you're in certain countries and I
had no idea that was even a feature of
the game and apparently some rare on
rare ones rare runs in in New Zealand
and in Australia and I haven't got them
yet which is really annoying and
apparently they're really hard to find
unless you hatch them in an egg so I've
been trying to hatch a load of eggs come
out for a walk playing Pokemon yeah I'm
back at my hotel now so guys I'm gonna
cut today's book short I hope you
enjoyed it - but not like so you guys
have an awesome sales and keep smiling
and I'll catch you in throws video oh
yes
people always find it so weird
they find it so weird when they see me
vlogging suppose it's not really a
normal thing is it
we'll try and do a time-lapse and then
the vlog but there's too much light
pollution right I'm gonna end it
probably now guys I love you all
yes
