come on you guys how y'all doing my name
is Alex some of them subway miss our
travelers starts his breakfast off day
off so the choice Italian cheese white
honey oat bread garlic wheat or flat
bread wrapping up this morning just on
the bus for about two and a half hours
or just up top to get some breakfast me
and Barney decided to have a subway
back on the bus and edit yesterday's
video is a two-hour drive to
Christchurch
oh so alex is just trying to tell me
what he does every time he comes in to
one of his single rooms because
obviously I've been staying dorms and he
stays in single rooms no I've just
launched the toilet I've come Macao
coming around with that phone but this
signal up here see that's big and fast
see that and then if we walk in it if we
walk over here look see it's tough to
slow down so what is he that's good
that's bad you're literally like an old
man with it's like that's bad
you don't want that that's not what we
want what is this it's like over here
it's telling me how fast inside in
certain places in the roommate you're
off your rocker so if you go up here
look fast beep this is the best place
for it
Glantz requires repeating a wireless
repeater yes that's what we need
wireless repeater
my thinking about
I'm thinking that
that was my first ever Wendy's
it was absolutely gorgeous
you don't already enjoy that what's
ready it's ready you're hitting really
good what we done now what look around
you
I'm looking around me why is it loads of
building size why is the laser building
sighs yeah I know why yeah why yeah okay
why then I know only see that have a
clue why they're building
massive earthquake in here
so the Hammond to rebuild everything on
it I knew there was an earthquake but I
didn't realize that was why everything
was being rebuilt
look there's literally scaffolding on
every single building has blown my mind
everything this is genuinely blowing my
mind
I like she did not even think about was
I the shops were made out of containers
they're having there may not contain us
at the moment because their shop sort of
yeah
cuz the shops have just formed down the
poor wouldn't even have the money to the
financial money to rebuild them
I'm fine Wow food without feeling
energized right now I feel like I'm
going to give you guys a star it's all
so soon as you enter it we have the
emergency procedure so if there's any
problems with any of the equipment in
the room we know where we need to go
ring one one one I've got the assembly
point this in here's the bathroom
so we've got a spacious bathroom on the
sleep mag or bonds kit or my kit a
lovely shower does the job and just this
way we have a DJI phantom4 we have a bed
number one let's look at my mark on it
we'll just call it vaguely eat your
video yesterday's video a 6300 Concha
auditions have been doing the majority
of the time lapse as you guys been
seeing the Bose Soundlink mini it's a
nice piece here's my bag down there
let's go hard driving stuff filling all
the stuff on charge down there this is
Barney side of the room we've got his
nice 15 inch mark with his very ghetto
cable just there haven't acquired into
that mate but to me it's working so
that's good and then that we've got some
coverage drinking chocolate and that is
really all you need just out here is a
balcony
do I hear techno-savvy you of the open
seat which is very nicely about me here
over the hill over there
perfect for a Pokemon mission later
about two things to eat all day one of
those being a subway and one of those
being a burger of which you've both see
me in this vlog you may as well see me
eat my last meal tonight as well it's
pretty good we've got a white chocolate
bar we've got some BBQ Pocky crisps okay
this is the deal this is pretty much
what happened it got to about eleven
o'clock and bar and I both thought oh no
it's 11 o'clock we need to order some
food we've been on our laptop working
for a few hours and it turns out where
we are right now everywhere shoots at
around 11 including mother knows
Domino's and any takeaway you want and
also all the shops everywhere just shuts
and ceases to exist so I'm absolutely
starving
and I'm gonna fulfill that with a bag of
crisps and a chocolate bar
sweet literally all right guys I'm gonna
go ahead and end today's vlog here do
you have enjoyed it I'm gonna go and try
and explore this town tomorrow and see
what there actually is to do here and go
and explore the park that's pretty much
just over the road but for now
- relax you guys been awesome sterols
and keep smiling and I guess leave
because you don't end up like me eat
good food at normal times because they
just feel absolute like absolute dross
right now but I'll see you in tomorrow's
video oh yes
