morning guys how you're doing my name is
Alex one of those magical things about
doing this traveling thing and the most
touching things is being able to start
these vlogs in like locations like this
women are actually talking about doing
like a final edit of like all the best
clips that we've accumulated throughout
this trip and doing like one video it's
gonna take a lot of time to do that
things we look through all the footage
literally report it's gonna take a while
hours and hours and hours of words to
look through I don't know how we're
gonna have to just have a day literally
discuss another day where we just sit
down and look for the footage but just
look how clear the water is like you
could you could very easily drink that
and you would be fine
so I think it's fairly fair to say I'm
about to say right now and it's quite a
good thing in quite a bad thing at the
same time but I'm gonna put a pin in it
now and say that this it's pretty much
the end of the trip will you say that
next few days it's wrapping up isn't it
starting our travel back on the bus is
back up back up New Zealand and the
whole point is we're going back up is to
travel back home yeah a Dane a day in
Australia well yeah one day in Australia
we should be we should be cool we're
gonna hopefully go and live with my
auntie for the night I should be sick as
well the screen actually lives in a
really nice house so that's a decent
meal I'm a Barbie so um yeah that's that
all the activities have been absolutely
phenomenal it's all this over on that
fast I haven't had time to take it in
which is the most annoying thing when
you get back but yeah as soon as I get
back I'll just look at these vlogs and
think oh holy these houses just right
here this is where we're staying tonight
I also forgot to mention that we've
split up with the boys now we've been
barn and out by ourselves and there's no
more Freddie and Eric they are still
over in Christchurch me and Barney have
moved on with this
is literally where we are right now the
mountains the blue water and we're
literally staying over in those little
houses tonight it's really cute but this
vlog is either gonna be a win or a major
win rather or a major lose because this
is where we are right now is meant to be
the best place in the world one of the
best places in the world to view the
stars at night but by looking at this
cloud cover we're a little bit unsure of
hardware how will we get able to see the
stars so there might be some awesome
time lapses and awesome photos to
Instagram and stuff but if the cloud
stays like this and I'll be a bit of a
disappointment because the only reason
we've came to this place is to get
photos of stars ruining here for one
night so the clouds need to move it just
absolutely baffles me as to how how
clear the water is
Oh
well that's it the Sun has gone down the
water has got bluer now the sun's gone
down which is a little bit weird now
it's gotta wait for these clouds to
disappear and hopefully I can get some
cool photos I'll be honest with you guys
this is the part been waiting for all
day there's been waiting for it to get
to nighttime this is a little cabin I'm
staying in right now I'll give you a
little tour around pretty much it is
literally just a box right a box box
that I sleep in for tonight and then I
get back on the bus tomorrow morning
she's the box with four walls well this
one's a door a glass door and a bed and
I've got all my stuff here and
everything's on charge down there so
I'll give you the rundown pretty much on
this trip I've been on which is called
the Kiwi experience and by the way I'm
teaming up with those guys to do
something really special for you guys so
stay tuned for that it's a planned trip
and it's a bus service that goes around
New Zealand you can get on and off the
bus whenever you want and there's a new
bus that comes every three days now I'm
stopping here tonight and getting back
on the bus in the morning but there's no
there's no activities to do at this stop
tonight other than this is apparently
the best place in the world to look at
the Stars but from what I've seen so far
it's just not there's not really any
stars out which kind of sucks because
you guys know that I absolutely love
time-lapses and there's no stars but
I've got I've got a camera running
behind behind my little box right now
but I'd be a 6,300 out there time
lapsing right now nothing here you see
that 300 he's looking up at the stars so
that's been there for about 45 minutes
now out the back looking at the stars
taking a picture every 30 seconds with a
30 second shutter speed Barney my friend
has just come to get his coat we're
gonna go down with this camera the sony
a7s mark to go down to the beach and see
hopefully if the stars are a little bit
better down there try and get some cool
Instagram photos and possibly a short
time lapse if the stars permit that it's
fairly cold outside so I've had my my
big jacket on this little radiator for
the last half an hour trying to warm it
up so I can be nice and toasty when I'm
out there waiting for my for my 30
second shutter speed to tried hopefully
capture some pictures of the stars
all right so about with barn we're here
hopefully the moon light is lighting
this up it's very
big moon but we're just walking down now
to the beach
to see if we can snap some cool shots
obviously down at the beach is going to
be less light pollution and over here
quite look guys can you see this right I
can see or I'm walking right now and the
only thing that's lighting this up right
is the moon oh stop look good oh my god
it's got a little flare it's that big oh
wow this is good this stars are quite
cool you can actually see them on the
video so we've just got back from the
beach now I'm gonna put a photo that
Barney and I managed to take with the a
6300 this little camera here with the
settings we used was ISO 1600 f-stop 3.5
and what else was it shutter speed of 10
seconds so if you guys think our
settings are wrong then let me know in
the comment section down below but that
was what we managed to pull now and now
those are two of the main foes that we
go
so that was know if you think they're
any good right guys I'm gonna go ahead
and get some sleep for tonight
the next few days are gonna be just
traveling back home I get back home guys
on the 21st 21st are where we now August
21st of August and back home so very
very very shortly I've got to clash for
Cork for planes to get back home from
now so yeah there's a lot of traveling
involved should be some cool fun videos
I might do some q and A's and stuff so
if you guys want to get started asked
some questions on Twitter with the
hashtag do you guys hear that ask me
some questions on Twitter with the
hashtag asked Mars
that's freaked me out please tell me you
guys heard what heard that ROM a bit
freaked out I'm gonna leave you guys
with some time lapses I've taken tonight
hopefully they're good and I'll see you
in tomorrow's video
oh yes
