so this is my brand-new office I haven't
shown you guys this yet but this is
where I had it all of my videos and all
that inspired footage was edited here
hello so right if you knew this but my
name is Alex Brooks and I'm a youtuber
called Mars bar and I absolutely love
drones noise good morning to you all how
are you all doing my name is of course
Alex guys and welcome back to another
daily vlog today guys sunday sunday
means chill
so this guy's is the inspire one from
DJI this is a very very very well
renowned drone in the filmmaking
industry and I absolutely love this
thing to pieces I've had it for a long
time this is actually my second one I
crashed one in New Zealand flying
shooting a promotional video for a you
know those like things that you go in
like the big balls and you roll down the
hill like a custom paint job done to it
look at that it's awesome the iPhone 10
or X whatever you want to call it and
well I plug this into the inspires
controller and nothing precisely I don't
know I mean either nothing happens when
I plug this into this I get a really
shoddy image and I can't control
anything off there about a year ago asus
thank you and I love you they sent me
out this zenpad 10 which I've never
actually got out the box so laptop it's
an actual laptop Oh sick
so I think oh it's gone off Oh No
so guys the budget was flat-out dead on
this thing I've managed to keep it
uncharged now for an hour and it's only
just this second come on this that may
not be optimized for your device I just
want to fly my drone
there we go DJI go has installed Oh God
don't any of you guys remember my friend
my filmmaker friend Matt he's well he
stood right there but he hasn't read in
the vlogs for ages because he's been
working on certain films that I'm not
allowed to say but I can tip you guys
off one of them includes a rather large
dinosaur and one of them is about a
mission that's well you can't really
complete it can you if he's actually
been on the set filming with his inspire
- yes this so this thing actually has on
it these interchangeable lenses and it
shoots in raw and alone for the things
that my little puny drone compared to
this doesn't do this is awesome -
battery-based gray obviously anything
that's better than the original has to
be in space cry no matter how much does
this will set you back it set me back an
almost divorce worthy amount of money
ten or eleven grand I think they're 11
grand that shoots raw and it ace sold
right if Matt can throw a quick grade
over his footage because he shoots in
raw then I'll play it right now
so this is my brand-new office I haven't
shown you guys this yet but this is
where I edit all of my videos and all
that inspire footage was edited here I
managed ok and this is this is Matt's
office
here he is look this is amazing Matt is
like a proper editor and a filmmaker as
I've already told you guys he's worked
on numerous large-scale films and this
is where it all goes down the cultural
epicenter of all of my shenanigans
you've got a really cool thing down here
actually do you plucking my banjo string
that's actually pretty disgusting yeah
it's a great office I really like it I
like the vibe thanks mate I mean it's no
Mars bar Deluxe super triple massive but
it's homey yeah that's what you need if
you're going to spend hours editing is
homely that is an estate agent code for
slightly sure right so quick tour map
how many terabytes plenty h20 how many
terabytes twelve eight eight eight four
four four five - hey if it's hard drive
capacity you're after ladies and
gentlemen in the new house I need need
to get an office like this
Matt we'll go again flying soon
spire - it's too much money I really
really want 122 pounds and 64 pens so
I've got a lot of questions after
yesterday's vlog and well a lot of you
guys were saying Alex welcome black the
vlog was amazing and of course glass
throughout 2018 I'm gonna try and make
these vlogs just that little bit better
need you guys a little bit closer to me
for this one though but I also got a lot
of questions or people saying Alex you
just explained that your grandfather has
passed away
how are you happy and I hate saying that
because God no I'm not happy about the
whole situation the best way to deal
with with this sort of thing or how I'm
dealing with with this sort of thing or
things that I'm finding that really help
is having a really strong bunch of
friends as well as family and even
though somebody passing away especially
somebody that's close to you is a is a
really terrible thing it's really good
to recognize the good things about it
for example the great memories that
you've had with them there's past
experiences and different things and
different things like that and of course
guys I'm very upset and doing this
YouTube thing and having people ask
these these questions to me is really
really really really really odd
obviously this is going to affect me in
some sort of way as well as the rest of
my family however I'm gonna let it
affect me in a positive way much rather
much rather than a negative one and that
that is why to answer a few of your
questions that I saw I'm well happy in
myself and I will continue to be
guys
Steve Steve came on when I was
downstairs or at some point while I was
out this afternoon to clean up for me
and he's chewed up he's chewed my
necklace I told you to only come on on
Tuesdays I don't want Steve over and you
guys up well probably not you but maybe
this bar guys Bruce log off the vlog for
me guys I swear I'm going to end things
up here I really hope guys you've
enjoyed today's daily vlog today has
been a Sunday so a chill blog for us as
usual guys on a Sunday Oh usual guys
though I want to let you know that if
you haven't copped your merch yet it's
the coolest merch in the game look at
the quality of that merch though look at
that wait a minute I want to show you
something like the starters the actual
quality inside of these hoodies is so
soft I don't know if you guys can see
this but in here usually with like
youtuber merchant stuff the label will
be some like sort of off branded type
stupid thing with them like the design
on it these are actually my own hoodies
that say Mars apparel on the inside on
the label yeah this is proper quality
stuff same thing for the t-shirts as
well guys I've got a 5 cent off code in
the description for you guys throughout
January go use it to your heart's
content if you do cop some of the most
guys be sure to tweet me so I can reply
to you now guys - metallics you guys
have know some guys that please drop me
alike it'll let you take a second just
click and if you haven't subscribed guys
click Subscribe and if you are
subscribed make sure to hit that Bell
turn on that Bell to get the
notifications to see what I get up to
every single day for now guys mines but
Alex you guys have been awesome guys
stay us and keep smiling and I'll see
you in tomorrow's daily vlog guys adios
