good morning guys I've had a shower I
brush my teeth I've done my hair for the
coffee and most importantly a lion this
morning for the last week I've been
getting up at 6:30 a.m. and going to bed
at about 1:30 so five hours sleep every
night and in the daytime I've been
getting up doing activities like skiing
and jumping off of cliffs and losing in
the little racing cars and almost
running Freddie over it's crazy
no sleep and heavy duty activities wears
you out ridiculously I was starting to
get ill so I had a big sleep last night
it's 11:00 a.m. I woke up about half an
hour ago I'm feeling refreshed and that
is exactly what I need to feel today
because today it's probably one of the
biggest days of the trip and I'm gonna
say this is probably the biggest day of
the trip this today right is the nervous
bungee right you know what did the
canyon swing where I fell 110 meters or
however much it was and it was literally
the scariest day of my life that's about
110 meters and you swing you swing right
this is the nervous bungee this is the
third biggest bungee in the world with a
hundred and eighty-three meter drop had
to think about that and you freefall for
seven to eight seconds and this isn't a
swing this is a drop where you're
attached by your feet to a pole and a
bungee Oh God now that last vlog was
probably called the scariest day of my
life
this video today is going to top that
here we go yep
I feel like that's like a from I feel
like you just want to be like no Joe
just had my hand written on
he's got envy which stands for nervous
bungee 11 and 64 which I think means
photo and video I'm not sure
here we go this is it I'm getting on the
bus just about pretty much commit
suicide no I don't think quite
comprehend on camera how big this thing
is a house scale actually out but this
is the truck that we came in I've now
got this massive harness thing on
hopefully this will keep me safe the
first thing is whole process is that
your responsibility is the jump itself
okay everything before that's gonna be
dealt with by the jump operators they're
gonna lead you through the whole process
until they shuffle you out to the edge
and count you down right so these guys
are now going out to the pod over there
start feeling when you just stood on the
edge and you're looking down he's
looking down you got a jump you've got a
jump from that thing all the way down so
this is it here we go we're gonna get on
the little bungalow and go over to the
jump jump point to jump pad has nothing
the floor is just a grid in jump over
the edge
the grass super loud music on I'm not
sure of the Jemez Aaron is just about to
his jump
I'm vlogging this I've taken my GoPro
out of its case look how high I am that
was the best thing I've ever done in my
life Oh amazing
amazing that was it we're done we're
done you're doing that with your camera
you can't be water holding it over the
edge that was probably no let's grab
that that was the craziest thing I've
ever done in my entire life and they've
booked another one for me I'll go to the
nighttime one tonight got go up a
gondola tonight up the top of the
mountain up here and jump off another
bungy jump in pitch dark they booked it
for me to bungees in one day let's do it
major rush just picked up a fog burger
now I'm Way to the gondola
so lit by a phone I'm in the gondola
today has been insane so far I've done
the third biggest bungee jump in the
world and now I'm going off a gondola up
this mountain to do a dark bungee so I
jump up pretty much what I've done today
but at nighttime look look at the city
behind me so yeah that is what I'm doing
right now I'm just going up to the top
I'm quite late yeah okay we can still
get on this thing okay there's the town
I'm quite help I've been in this thing
about five minutes and there's the
bungee that's what I'm jumping off of oh
no not again
oh this is bad it's dark down there okay
we have light we have light I think I
meant to be going down here I just want
you guys to understand that the whole
concept of jumping off of a cliff and
doing all these jumps and stuff is
absolutely fine you know I don't really
like get scared about that sort of stuff
that's all that doesn't faze me but as
soon as I'm stood on the edge and they
count you down three two one you gotta
jump and it's just nothing beneath you
that's the bit that kills me like the
concept of it and watching it on a video
it's like yeah but when you're stood
there and you've just got a jump off the
edge it's a whole different ballgame I
think I found it
aj hackett bungy new zealand this is it
there's some sort of mental fog horn
going off I'm not sure what that is but
I'm about to go and jump off of
off of this here
some hand grip you have this perfect
while you're slipping you just hold on
simple is it get by and then won't
flinch then you can just let it go check
this out look look at all the photos
they've given me like these actual still
photos this is me falling off the bungee
tonight where did the front flip there's
loads of cool photos look at this one
who this is me yeah this is me just
about the gym bubbler I'm just giving
you guys away look at that how cool is
that guys today it has been absolutely
phenomenal I'm drained I'm knackered
this whole trip has been so full on and
we're pretty much at the end of it right
now this is amazing I'm so happy that
it's coming to an end and I can go home
yeah I'm so also like a little bit sad
because it's been so cool and I've
learned so much stuff whilst I've been
here from I've got my knowledge who's
just like gone up lows just from being
here for a month absolutely insane
learning different things about
different people learning different
situations doing all this stuff mentally
and physically I'm so much stronger now
it's just absolutely incredible today
was insane possibly one of the best days
the most thrilling days of my life and
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog I love
you all still some keep smiling adieus
