a morning in the life of a youtuber part
it's 6:57 a.m. I have to be out of this
room by 7:10 it has to be out of this
room by 7:10 with everything packed up
downstairs in the lobby
very mind I am on the top floor of this
hotel I need to have my skiing boots on
I need to have my salad pets and my
jacket on and all of my other stuff
including all of this technology needs
to be in that bag and that bag GoPro
wrist housing mounted from home on and
we're good to go
it's calling
so windy over here we're just chillin in
the chairlift right now Fred
looks to you guys like I'm changing
location wait a minute
looks to you guys like I'm changing
location every other day I'm not I'm in
the same hotel it's just that they're
messing me about and keep changing my
room for some reason and don't know why
it's a little bit annoying but well so
skiing today was super super super
awesome really enjoyed it that was two
days skiing done and that's it no more
skiing now but that's that's cool I
really enjoyed skiing and I absolutely
loved skiing
one of the most adrenaline rushing
things and you're just so free to do
whatever you want which is what I like
one thing that's a bit annoying which I
realized today this is my GoPro I don't
really use my GoPro that much I have
obviously recently I've been doing these
activities but I bought the GoPro 4
Black Edition when it first came out
this is like the top top range GoPro I
believe and don't quote me on that and
but yeah there's a big there's a big
gash in the lens like on the actual
glass you can feel it if I run my finger
over it and you can really see it on the
video I don't know if you can get that
replaced with this camera it really it
really bugs me now thanks GoPro
obviously it's not go for his fault I
don't know when it happened but this
should make the lens is a little tougher
than that right so I'm gonna give my
hair a bit of a rest it's been in the
helmet for the last two days and I've
constantly as you guys know got gunk in
it got a gel in it so I'm gonna leave it
flat for tonight just let it chill by
itself and do its own thing the ski shop
closes in like 10 minutes it takes like
20 minutes to walk there I've gotta take
these boots back and my Salopek and then
after that I think I'm gonna go get a
burger
so Barney took me for a lovely little
meal at McDonald's cheers mate really
appreciate it
I've just got back Barney has actually
gone out into town with some friends I
have stayed in because literally so
tired I probably look it as well
I feel physically drained and I'm gonna
get some sleep I'm super annoyed about
the GoPro it's really really frustrating
I just looked online I'm pretty sure
about GoPro Hero 4 Black Edition is like
2 years old and it hasn't come down in
price at all which is really annoying
and I've just looked for a secondhand
one on eBay and they're not cheap
they're not cheap and it's so annoying
because all is is just like a little
scratch on the lens and the camera works
fine but just it really annoys me it
really annoys me that it's theirs I can
just see it to be player I probably
should have told you guys because now
you guys know you can see it as well why
is there a spoon in here I know you guys
I'm gonna brush my teeth and get to bed
I do hope you've enjoyed my last day
skiing tomorrow I've got the knavish
bungee and something else very very
special for you guys it's my last day
tomorrow of insane activities so
hopefully it should be a good fit here
tomorrow so I want to get some sleep for
it having us lying in the morning for
once instead of getting up at like 7:00
a.m. and yes just make the most out of
tomorrow for now - relax you guys have
been awesome today awesome keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's video IDs
