so you take you take off off your jeans
you need these two vital things starts
out like a moonwalking man already a big
coats on you grab a phone you grab a
wallet you grab a GoPro then you put
these big boots on and now you're ready
to hit the slopes good morning guys
this is my first time in about three
years skiing let's do this
enabled
I don't think I don't think anyone has
ever vlog I actually talk to a camera
boss here but this is me going down
let's play penny is extremely hard
because obviously our my poles in my
hand so I can't use those I'm holding a
camera yeah
more on the skiing a little bit later
just got back and I'm currently in a
client meeting it's some funky music in
the background I'm really not for your
pen thank you there we go business
meeting don't please tell me this place
is open please tell me this place is
open please tell me place is open I'm
really hungry look at all my stuff
everywhere I need to tie your this up
because I need to move out of this room
at 7 a.m. in the morning yes 7 a.m. in
the morning I need to be gone out of
this room I'm being put into a different
room they've actually really messed me
about but to be fair it's not the
hotel's father's because I booked so
late I've been able to move rooms and
that's like keep moving me annoying
stuff to get at 7 a.m. and check out at
7 a.m. if we don't have to get up at 7
a.m.
I'll be bold about it but 7 a.m. is like
1 a.m. right now I'm macit skiing was so
fun today but so so so so tiring about
another day of it's tomorrow and then
hopefully we're doing the nervous bungee
which will be absolutely wicked so for
now - Alex you guys can awesome stay
awesome keep smiling
I catch you in tomorrow yes ready yes
