with possibly three and a half hours
sleep last night think I'm just about
ready to start today's vlog it's
probably the most scenic location I've
ever ever started a vlog look at this
holy Wow
and it gets bad you come around here let
me turn the camera around so this is
another mirror Lake
whatever is on the bottom is on the top
and when I was on the top is also on the
bottom
how funny is that whatever's on the top
is on the bottom just because it's
mirrored by how still the lake is crazy
this is it after like a four and a half
hour Bush journey we're finally at the
milford sound this is a rather spiffing
vessel
probably really damaging for my 7s but
hoping that's a good Charlotte there we
go that's the milford sound all done
so this is where we are right now and
this is where we've been today on the
boat this is the flight I took back
right this little line here and then
this is the bush journey we took they're
absolutely amazing that took five hours
and the flight took 40 minutes
definitely worth it
okay the private jet ride place is just
dropping back off we were taxi to my
accommodation and now I'm just walking
down the beach playing a little bit of
Pokemon go whilst people stare at me
holding up logging camera yeah what
you're looking at I also got some free
fish and chips so I'm gonna go and
redeem that now dude there we go just
received my hair free fish and chips
everything tastes a lot better when it's
free as well that's the best bit so
these are my boots just been to pick
them up my skis are in the ski Locker on
the ground floor I'm skiing tomorrow and
Friday so that should be really fun I
haven't skied in a while and I honestly
can't wait that's gonna be wicked I
can't wait so today has been absolutely
fantastic what I've done today is one of
the main things that wanted to do when I
kept went out when I knew I was coming
to New Zealand was which was like going
a helicopter or going like a private
plane and I managed to do that today and
I explored the milford sound on the boat
which was just the most scenic thing
I've ever seen in my entire life
entire life it was absolutely gorgeous
and yet again the thing that I'm
struggling with of these vlogs is trying
to portray how awesome things look like
their activities and stuff
it's easy to show you guys how cool that
is because you can see the activities of
them we've got like slow motion and
stuff but there's nothing I can do to
make scenery look cool on a screen like
oh it's just annoying that I calm
you look wicked and but I assume you
guys get look at the point you know that
you know that it's absolutely beautiful
out here in New Zealand and I've said it
before and I'll say it again like this
new Z at this country I'm so MV I'm so
envious of the people that live here so
jealous this gorgeous gold star he
picked up on it in the start of the vlog
the water that's currently in my
container right now is fresh water from
a running stream and it's probably the
purest water I'll ever drink in my
entire life like you're not gonna get
purer than a running stream here in New
Zealand I don't think anyway right guys
as you know by the boots I'm going
skiing tomorrow so I need to be up early
to catch the bus to get off the top of
the mountain me the boys gonna do some
skiing snow so I'm going to take the
GoPro and a few mounts tracking some
cool shots for you guys as if anyway
guys but now might as well like you guys
been awesome snails for keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's video yes
