good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course I like to welcome back
to another daily vlog today is one of
those days where I've had things I need
to do and I've had to do them things
like emails a bit of washing and eating
some decent food because when you're
traveling food is really hard to find
good food fruits and vegetables are hard
to find and you need to keep yourself
nutrition what's the word what I'm
trying to say is you need to eat healthy
it's a key part of life right let's go
all right so we've just caught this
bundler we've got some sick activity
planned it's kind of hard to explain
what it is
hopefully the GoPros will do a good job
of portraying what it is so the activity
we're doing is called the luge not sure
why it's called that someone let me know
in the comments down below but pretty
much you're going these little cars and
you bomb it down a hill but a fairly
nice view on the way down to this place
so this is the town right here this is
where we're currently staying for like
the next week we've still got to do our
nevus bungee which is like pretty much
the biggest bungee in the world we've
got to do this activity today we've got
two days skiing books and tomorrow who
are actually going into a place called
milford sound well you think you've on
so where's that on one of these things
right now it's not two little cars
underneath there it's super super
difficult to try and explain what we're
doing I got up view but look at the view
behind me hopefully that's a nice view
for you guys
there we go right at the top but pretty
much the whole entire thing is you get
in these little cars right here and you
bomb it down a track now if you first go
you have to go on the beginners course
and then once you've done the beginners
course you can go onto the more
intermediate and advanced ones which go
a little faster
but they will keep on
the coldness of season makes it hard to
feel but the poor suffer from the end
game
one day we'll find one Zacky the journey
is this one to the same
. they travel to freedom broken one but
they once kept on in the moonlight
they will find one to keep the journey
is an endless war to the same
just finished another burger those
things are mental it's very very loud in
here by now I've just got to get some
cookies
when I get back to England there's gonna
need to be serious voice it serious diet
requirement believe it or not that
milkshake earlier was probably the best
thing I've ever tasted in my life but
saying that every good story has a bad
side probably had about 500 calories in
it there may be a thousand calories in
it I'm gonna go with a thousand calories
nice so this is my balcony or room well
hotel but I'm staying in as you can see
it's pretty nice he's got all their
houses up there and just there and
there's a big mountain there but you
can't really see it tried to do a
time-lapse this morning well I did do a
time-lapse this morning with the GoPro
as the Sun was coming up above the
mountains I gotta put got really early
something alarm just for the time-lapse
and then I got to the car racing place
and I've got on my GoPro it was like SD
card full and the only thing you can do
on a GoPro is format it so I had to
format it and get rid of all of the the
time-lapse footage that I got this
morning which sucks a little bit but it
was worth it because I'm hoping that the
footage that what we've got today was
was really good I'm hoping by now you
guys have seen a good video if I've
edited it well hopefully yeah hopefully
I have your guys what did I promise you
I promised you that these vlogs as soon
as I got to this town Queenstown where I
am right now the vlogs will pick up we
start doing activities everyday and
start doing a load of fun stuff so I'm
hoping hoping you guys you guys are like
seeing that now and that we're trying to
do fun things everyday we've got things
planned I'm let me tell you guys you
actually see you to watch the vlogs
we've got things planned for tomorrow
we've got things planned Friday we've
got the note we've got things planned
for tomorrow which is Wednesday we've
got things planned for Thursday and
Friday and we've got things planned for
Saturday and that's as far as we have
planned so far I believe but yeah guys I
hope you realize that I'm working while
trying to work really hard on these
videos it takes about four and a half
hours every single day to upload the
videos I probably got five hours to edit
all of these like major ones with all of
these cool stuffs in I'm literally going
out with the boys doing activities and
then they're out drinking at the moment
I'm getting absolutely pissed up and
obviously might what I do and youtubers
we permit that because I have to make
sure that I'm sober like pretty much
24/7 to make sure everything is running
smoothly and the videos don't go wrong
when they were uploaded and they get
they get scheduled at the right time and
yada yada yada yada yada
after being to make sure I'm editing
them and all different bits and bobs
like that so it's lucky that I
absolutely love this medium of sharing
of sharing life and sharing videos and
stuff oh but anyway guys that's gonna be
it for today's video
- Blahniks you guys have been awesome
and stay awesome and keep smiling I'll
catch you in tomorrow's video oh yes
