this morning I'm about to go and do the
canyon swing and another activity but
I'm not going to tell you guys what that
is just yet let's just go what you doing
check and see if we can fly the drone
but not allowed flying around there so
hopefully we're further up so we're
doing both of these today we're gonna do
the Fox and we're gonna do the shotover
canyon swing all right so you know
that's a plant and for that I bought
like three weeks ago my first ever
public flight with it Aaron's carrying
it up the hill now I've just rang the
air traffic control tower to get the
Commission flying i've got permission
from the landowners i can fly up here on
the canyon swing so this give me my
first of a flight with with the phantom
Wow
so that all the gear on Freddie is just
about to go this is what we're jumping
off so you go all the way down there and
you go all the way across on that cable
all the way over to the little house
over there two hundred and eighty odd
meter drop
this is gonna be fun
here Kira
you hear oh I wanna be a hero
Emira did the pin which is apparently
the worst one something last so we're
just gonna literally pin myself off the
edge of this cliff then you're gonna be
a little hot - laughs hold about the
Richard all the way down look at your
feet
alleged has put a video on Twitter right
now and it's called welcome to the most
no welcome to the 30 most scary seconds
of my life and it's when he was hanging
me over the edge I thought like ah I
know I was attached but it was so scary
like I hope the video portrays that
there's like a 180 meter drop below you
and there dangling you off the edge of
it with a finger
and yes you're attached right I know
that but subconsciously
you thinking you're looking up ah it's
ridiculously hard to explain and it was
literally the scare like that was
scarier than the skydiver
by far like with that without even
thinking about saying it that was
scarier than the skydive by a long shot
Oh guys I'm gonna get a little sleep now
because I'm absolutely knackered I've
been doing so many activities over the
last the last few days and it's just
like knocking me out so I need to get
some sleep - Ben Alex you guys been
awesome stay awesome keep smiling and
I'll catch you in tomorrow's video ready
adios
