is 715 a.m. in the morning I'm not quite
sure what that bird was Mikey we
experienced bush driver just told me to
video x apparently some sort of extreme
mental bird hopefully you could see it
winrich much Indian you have a lot of
possessions lot of money in the bank
puzzle shall make you rich I don't have
that type of richness my richness is
life forever if you can tell but as
we're slowly traveling down New Zealand
it's getting a lot colder significantly
colder unfortunately i forgot sprue my
main camera with me just because it's
too cold to and hold it this is the
mirror lake and what's up here is also
down here got a big camera back i'm not
gonna get out the bushes because it is
freezing but like that's the mountains
the Fox classier right Beth the
mountains in the background say what you
need to say go happy birthday mom I hope
having a good day and i hope christian
hali spoil you rotten but you've now
reached a big 50 happy birthday there
you go today's another knows days it's
not massive complaint of mine it's
really cool but it's just hard to show
you guys on video love sightseeing going
on
obviously be dangerous been stood up
here but the views just like amazing
hahaha so we've just stops in the bus
again this is going to be one of the
better like viewing points if you like
we're going to like a big waterfall and
present if you got out you can make it
pour into your mouth so this right here
sure
it's absolutely mental we're going to go
try and cross the river try and get
really close to it
can get your hands on it you get hands
on that I got no idea what alex is doing
what he's trying to do think he's trying
to get that to that side
literally nearly freezing so i would
like to think you've now blogging over
there so i've been jumping rocks and i'm
now in the middle of this thing right
here bunnies ever been happy the big
camera and i'm sort of just stuck here i
can't i can't i can't really go anywhere
this wasn't a good idea at all I've got
to get from here to there I honestly
don't know how I've done this to myself
I don't know how I've done this to
myself I'm just gonna get soaked no idea
how he's gonna get how we're going to go
oh no oh that was worth it you're
soaking
vehicle photos as long as you guys are
cool parody video Nazi first
yes this is like the third wash up done
since I've been away and it's so nice
getting a load of clean clothes I don't
know when we purchased our room for
tonight we're only staying here for one
night because we're getting up like 7am
to go mountain biking in the morning so
when you purchased a room for tonight
and we've put like an extra dollar to
get like this special room right called
the sweet sweet and you have to go
through two locked doors to get to it
it's really special hail address the art
room that we pay one dollar great team
this is a sweet this is a sweet a bleep
bleep sweet local there's absolute
masses little always look at it go for
now how much extra was just upgrade to
this room a dollar one ton for your one
dollar the quadra the quadra bag one
won't respect room right so I've just
got changed I'm gonna put this big coat
on and then I think when the boys are
going to go out to it was trying to find
a bar have a few like social beers with
friends and then we need to get a solid
night's sleep because in the morning
we're going to be up at seven thirty in
the morning no we're going to be like
645 to be outside with our bags packed
at seven thirty to get picked up by this
mountain biking company who's taking me
and the boys on a private mountain
biking tour which should it be fun and I
can't wait for that literally can't wait
so I'm going to end this vlog today
right here cuz I need to get a good
night's sleep after we get back tonight
so I can't stay blogging for much longer
tomorrow is going to be action-packed
there's two major activities one of
those mountain biking the other one it's
really really cool tomorrow so I'm not
gonna tell you what it is to watch
tomorrow I'll find out it's gonna be the
best thing we've done so far but for now
minus malik's you guys have an awesome
still something keeps my
catch you in tomorrow's video I hope
you're all right ready adios
Oh
Oh
you
