morning guys how are y'all doing my name
is of course I like some welcome back to
another vlog this morning I'm skydiving
I'm jumping out of plane jumping out of
a plane
oh no let you signing my life we're
right now on this little board so a
little a little push right now on the
way to get geared up and get in the
plane and go up to it
leave thousand five hundred feet and
then jump out
his legend started to hit me right now
that we're about to jump out of a plane
but at least there if the party doesn't
know but my last day it's been to
looking at the beautiful scenery of
losing them a little mini bus window
you
this is actually all right you have your
arms like that with your knees together
let us move into
I'm on the next plane up gonna be
jumping from 65,000 no sixteen and a
half thousand sixty five thousand
sixteen and a half thousand feet four
kilometers probably the worst bet is
it's gonna be about minus 30 degrees
have been told be about - a
was at last oh yeah I saw you
free-falling really yeah and then
opening your shoot you I've just jumped
16,500 feet above the mountains of there
if you want to watch the video it's
gonna be on my main channel Mars bar put
an annotation screen now and in the
description I'm not including it in this
vlog because we've got some other
awesome stuff planned today and but yeah
this guy doesn't video be in my main
channel so go check it out please get
out this close oh so that's it I finally
managed to do it I can now proudly say
that I've jumped out of an aeroplane at
16 and a half thousand feet in the air
that was absolutely mental they've given
me wait a minute they've given me this
with with all the video on it so
hopefully I can make some sort of cool
video for the main channel but it's
really cool it's like this lanyard thing
and I was like guys you forgot to put
the USB stick on the end with the clips
but look at this look you'd like unclip
it and it has a I thought I just I just
thought I was pretty cool so is the
kayak in place and it turns out that it
was actually a leaving time of like two
o'clock which we very lightly mist which
is quite annoying I'm just a bit
miscommunication there maybe I was
listening to to Dan when he told me what
the time was it when it was leaving so
me an hour and I decided to just coming
a little walk while see the boys get
some rest
this down here is just absolutely
magical the ward set itself it's so
clear it's absolutely gorgeous
when you come back to turn round and
you're walking through like this
Narnia retic track it's just like
anything unlike anything I've ever seen
this just like you find little places
like this and it's just like absolutely
magical the water running down there
aren't gonna stand up that which I get
to Instagram shops and all these little
natural things like this under there it
comes
and she's like very nice explain it
really we just walked all the way from
down there and now we're going up here
we're about to go into a cave now it's a
pitch-black down here okay there's
running water as well I didn't quite see
I'm wearing Jordans right now
oh it was a sensible weather situation
he wore flip-flops with them no no I
really really really really want to get
down to this to this river down here
we've come out the tunnels because my
Jordans we're just getting so wet so
we've come on a little adventure we want
to try and get down all right I reckon
we can do it no Brett we drink it down
here so I just dismantle my microphone
my lens my gorilla pod and put it all in
my bag me now and have just literally
climbed down this rock face right here
this one right here I slipped and fell
Aaron slipped and fell we're both all
right no broken ankles but we're not
sure how we're going to get back up but
it's little one that is like risk and
reward ones tell you right this is a
reward
I don't maybe there was a handmaid
Aaron and I are trying desperately hard
to try and cross this river Oh
as you can see there's not enough stones
that permit crossing
we're going to give up on our mission of
trying to cross the river it's too hard
the sun's going down and we just don't
want to really get that way it's we've
got like shoes and stuff on so we're
going to run head back now our issue is
that the Sun is going down rapidly and
we're not sure quite how we're gonna do
that by this is all I'm really oh really
really simply oh my god I've managed to
make it all successful in a ago Europe
sake right
so that skydive today was totally
awesome one of the best things I've ever
done in my life and it was that cold
when I got off no the first issue was my
ears I couldn't like balance my ears out
you know and you laughter yawn and make
your ears like Papa get or got that but
make your ears pop that ear didn't pop
and it was like an agony for the whole
day and my fingers was so cold when I
managed to jump out of the aeroplane it
was I believe - 31 - 32 degrees sounds
unbelievable doesn't it I'm not even
joking that's what my my guy that jumped
with me said it was he said it looked in
his wrist it was - 31 32 degrees when I
jumped out the place I was soaring
through air that was - 32 degrees
I found it ridiculously hard to breathe
I was like literally try to bring it as
I was coming down I find it really
difficult the other lad said they could
breathe fine I had massive difficulty
doing it I just couldn't do it my ears
really hurt my fingers were cold but
above all that it was the best thing
I've ever done in my life like just oh
my god when it when the plane door opens
and you can see right you can see just
the world below you you are literally
about to jump out when he goes 3 2 1 and
you literally eat to flip me around and
I could see the plane fly off oh my it's
just unbelievable the whole thing was
just unbelievable
insane right I'm gonna end today's vlog
here guys and numerous new things coming
up like this Sunday I've got a like a
jet boat ride monday canyon swing and
tuesday we've got some skiing maybe went
to Tuesday Wednesday Thursday a bit of
skiing
I've also got the nervous bungee jump to
do as loads
stuff before we go but good news is
we're over halfway through the trip now
quite a bit more than halfway through
the trip I'm back and by the time you
guys are seeing this I'll be back in 13
and a half days so yeah just under two
weeks I'll be back home which is
absolutely wicked four days about as
well as traveling back home and so yeah
that's gonna take a large portion of the
time but anyway guys for now - but Alex
you guys been awesome stay awesome to
keep smiling I'll catch you in
tomorrow's video a TS
