the most efficient way to get your bag
out of your hotel window instead of
having to walk all the way around the
side morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course Alex welcome back to
another video I'm here with the gang say
hi gang okay okay I say stuff like down
you know to lighten the tension we're
just coming on a walk this morning
because the weather is a really bad rent
to go like surfing and stuff but it all
got canceled which is very shame so it's
going for a little walk
so got some waves over here I think it's
time for a little bit slow motion
you have to admit if you like that
pretty cool
this is kind of like physically hard to
describe how much I'm squinting right
now because there's so much light with
the Sun coming through the clouds
reflecting off there is cloud up there
that's the bus I've just stopped off
super quickly to look at this and it's
just immense
this is absolutely immense the waves are
they from coming into this little like
cave bit like
so strange would travel for about 45
minutes on the bus and it changes from
like snow to tropical but look at the
background behind me it's all tropical
and you look down here like these
awesome little rocks and then I see
there's like a sort of weird hazy mist
going over it
I'll tell you why if you were in there
that would almost certainly be your last
final minutes it's finished cook hot
chocolate back on the bus
so this is apparently a brewery right
and for $18 you can get five beers it
looks like we're gonna be getting
absolutely spasticated in the middle of
the day was that dangerous everyone's
got Harvey's jackets on look round we're
about to drink alcohol you know anywhere
that guys probably shouldn't be you need
not to be so we're just going through a
fair amount of beers back on the bus
going straight after the brewery we're
now straight on the way to some
accommodation steak tonight it's
absolutely chucking it out we're not
allowed to drink the accommodation
tonight he's drunk ready go yes you are
so we are staying in these cabins
tonight which is absolutely awesome
there's a cabin over here where you can
actually make a necklace out of what I
think is called Jade I'm not sure though
let's have a look yeah tell me what I've
been told there's a limited amount of
this stuff left in so grab it while you
can pretty much and carve something into
it you wanted to
that would curve in there and then come
around right so I've got my thing in my
hand right now at the carving it but I
can't show you what's inside it because
whoever's getting this watches these
videos so that others find out with this
prize
I'm just a sunny with what stone to get
like I want to clear a clear stone
because I'm making a wave make it away
come on oh right it's in my hand I can't
show you it because I just don't want
the person that's fall to find out what
it is but it's really cool and I've
carved it and made it myself
right so bones on the cam show man The
Roommate I'm staying in this room
tonight with the four boys Barney Aaron
and Freddy and yeah we've had a few
beers and we're just chilling up so I'm
gonna enter those voce guys I'd do it
you've enjoyed it - metallic see you
guys been awesome still some keep
smiling catch you in tomorrow's video oh
yes
