so guys welcome to 2018 this is my first
vlog of 2018 and boy I'm glad to be back
and boy have we got a bit of catching up
to do
to kick off 2018 and for me to fill you
in on the week and a half I have had off
vlogging and trust me a lot has happened
more than usual Jacob
so guys Oh has happened over the
Christmas and New Year period so anka
actually sent me out this little Hoover
thing I'm gonna link it in the
description
it's absolutely wicked this is like a
Christmas present for my toes amazing
right this would be a Christmas present
and they said something along the lines
of Alex we know you're getting your new
house in 2018 so we want to get
something to help you with that so Hank
er thanks for this I'll link it I'll
link it in the description
hi guys before I get on with today's
vlog and talk to you guys about what's
been happening over the week I've had
off I need to go and put some clothes on
and no not some vertical merch because I
need to be a little bit more
professional than this today I've got a
few meetings
well then guys it's been a while since
we've since we've been in this room
together isn't it
look this is well I'm not hundred
percent sure if you guys remember this
but this is my office yeah we haven't
been in here in about week mental so
nice we've got a few bits that we need
to talk about why I need to talk about
something the past week but before I do
that as I've said just got a quick
meeting told you be quick just a quick
one
I've actually got another meeting in
about half an hour which is actually
really exciting meeting which I need to
talk to you guys about but first up guys
hello hello hello we're back with login
it feels good it feels really good so
I'll kick this off guys with a massive
hello welcome back I hope all of you
guys are okay what I was the question
Alex been getting a lot Alex what I did
you actually take shut up Alex why did
you actually take a break from vlogging
and what was there's numerous reasons
all I do spend some quality time with my
family with my brother with my mum and
dad who are both split up so I'll have
to travel separate places to see them
both over Christmas who's what spend New
Year with my with my girlfriend and
actually out like a normal person
without visit this camera going on it's
this cameras huge by the way like if you
see the size of this thing it's bigger
than me this is the hallway the toilets
down there the office is still locked
however as well as spending time with
the family which was brilliant I also
used it as time to reflect reflect upon
my past actions throughout the year what
went good what went bad and what I can
improve and I think is a really big
thing that anybody that does something
serious and actually cares about what
they're doing needs to do every so often
take a break bear in mind guys I hadn't
heard what anybody would call a
significant break from this vlog for the
past two years of my life just to
reflect on things and see what I can
make better honestly I've learned so
much in the last week it's been
brilliant
I thought Heron said the last week's
been great spent time with family or
reflected did it at a depth it hasn't
all been it hasn't all been some
and dandelions my granddad passed away
he had lots lots of diseases Alzheimer's
loads of things it's been difficult it's
been difficult I'm going to do a whole
video on this probably tomorrow
obviously losing anybody close to you
never mind a family member is a really
really really big deal and then loads of
mental things happened online as well so
the day my granddad passed away Logan
uploaded a vlog where showed a dead body
in his vlog and laughed about it so
thanks Logan appreciate that bro pretty
cool so I'll be the judge of who's cool
using the kilometer per than that that
has been pretty much the week that I've
had oh oh I also built a computer so if
you guys do me a little bit of a favor
and just turn your eyes down there you
can see two glowing rum sticks as well
as a falling LED strip I need to sort
that out but I say here guys just before
Christmas and livestreams me building
this here computer and it was so fun let
me show you it but you ready look at
that a little lower than the Angels
but not salty of my own horn here but
people gave me loads of slack for the
components I used to build the computer
and well I'm sat here playing put G on
ultra in 4k right it's exactly what I
wanted this computer for
well you guys get the point I'm kind of
late for my meeting now and instead
meeting is very important because well
I've been preparing for this meeting
right now but I'm about to go to for the
last week and it is for me to choose the
options for our house and those are
things like taps and and carpets and
banisters and doors and showers and and
different things like that to choose
what I want in the house so this is
where well it's either gonna make all
sort of break the bank account here so
these are sort of the different sort of
workshops you can have you can have this
sort of like granite here which looks
pretty cool and yeah just going to go
through all these options this morning
and there's gonna be lots of options one
thing's for sure
Fitness is really really important one
thing I did notice in my little week off
YouTube was that well how important
Fitness is Fitness is really important
you can use get a lot of this in the
blogs well understand general exercise
and keeping fit alter a little lower
than the Angels
oh yeah yeah thanks for game of squash I
appreciate it thanks to the game of
squash knowledge I appreciated it too
great you really appreciate it I think I
think I appreciate it a bit more I think
I'm a bit more red than Elliot is but
we're getting
it needs to buy some merch there they
need to buy some vertical match don't
they but I don't actually think vertie
and the automatic Hoover get on very
well why these these two if this thing
was a thing and cats could be friends
with people these these would not be
friends anyway guys that's gonna cut it
for my first vlog back for 2018 mental
meant you know else's mental look at
that look how cool all of ours so guys
with that being said my name's Ben Alex
guys you guys have been awesome as usual
guys stay awesome keep smiling and I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's tomorrow's
daily from guys welcome back
