so it turns out the check out of my room
was 10 a.m. I've had a hit the line this
morning it's currently 10:22 a.m. the
guy came and knocked on my door at 10
past 10 it was like you're not checking
out and I was like oh I totally forgot
the worst part about it was I was stood
there in my boxes just going on a little
bit of a Pokemon hunt this morning
there's two poker stops over here and
everyone out of folk of all oh hello how
are you doing my friend lets me capture
you playing Pokemon with a bit of a few
way I've come down to the beach because
if you poker stops around here there's a
gym just over there I actually ran out
of pokeballs last night so that was a
bit annoying so I just stopped off for a
few a little focus ups pick up some more
pokeballs I want to go down on the beach
but I feel like I'm just gonna ruin my
shoes if I do that for that it's just
gorgeous
okay I'm soaking it up I've come on the
beach I'm walking on the beach right now
this is absolutely awesome I think we're
going on like a little bit of an a bit
of an Instagram mission
this is what we've got the food today a
literal bag of bacon we've got some
brioche buns and I've got some mild
cheese hopefully that'll fill us up
about a new few new people on the bus
right people that don't know about more
new things so I have to go to the front
of the bus talk on the microphone about
my what we don't want to be in my videos
please let me know because I respect
people's privacy but if you call with it
then that's fine yeah I'm very at the
back mainly editing videos and stuff so
that's why I'm not taking part in this
but I'm showing you're all lovely people
I'm literally walking down this right
now let me turn the camera around again
yeah what about to jump about the jump
aren't we what about jump into a
passively a freezing cold glassy lake
this lake is literally freezing freezing
that was possibly the worst thing but
best thing about am I trying combine the
two and then that was that
guys how would you describe that I don't
quite think words can explain how cold
but it's like I have a thousand needles
in every inch of my skin I hit like you
hit the floor and you feel like your top
layer of your skin is just been ripped
off ha ha ha
but it's so cool so so cool so calm
before so it's good to try and get some
Instagram photos right now the little
peer whilst everyone else's going back
to the bus
lately so many they're stealing it of
the GoPro
eat it Wow there wasn't a lot of time
things that you had to do it but someone
told me to do it again heading up here
like now that's too cold just like way
too cold that's like like ill I could
make you ill that that was mental
check out the new crew this is the new
creep y'all ready for this
very cozy isn't ask give that a nice
little close lock it
this money crib for tonight really
testing out the low light of my sony a7s
mark 2 camera as you can see we got some
very decorative curtains very nice touch
got again another huge bed got the
laptop here just educated yesterday's
vlog this hostel where I'm staying right
now has really good internet so I've
managed to get yesterday's vlog uploaded
without too much of a worry it's been
the major worry for me this trying to
get the vlogs uploaded every single day
for you guys trying to find internet
here in New Zealand
especially now I'm on the South Island
everything is like a little bit more
hard to find that makes sense like the
other island that we're on everything
was a bit more connected but this island
I'm finding that in some places I've got
like no service on my phone for a good
few hours and then I'll get like GPRS at
most so it's gonna be if I can do right
this whole New Zealand trip even on the
South Island or gloating every single
day I'll be happy I haven't had to use
the backup video yet so that's good but
this is just super super super super
cute and I'm gonna get sleep tonight
because I've got to be up at like 7:00
in the morning because I'm gonna be
going but it's my first time surfing in
the morning like first time surfing I
have literally never been surfing in my
life ever so hopefully you guys are
going to enjoy tomorrow's video that
should be fun
but for now - Vinayak's you guys been
awesome stay awesome and keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's video adios
