one thing absolutely hey doing is
vlogging when there's like music in the
background just like moon six and
but good morning guys how your day we've
just rolled on earth cruising from one
the other way now
Kelly's mountain ranges
check this out this is absolutely
immense have you seen this check it out
you can walk all the way down these
rocks right here oh wow this is the same
you could very easily break an ankle
doing this but oh my god
the water is just ridiculously clear
like it's just like tap water chocolate
you could jump in up the bridge then you
don't think it's nothing your stupid ass
of jumping off the bridge
that you could
so setup tours have been a massive thing
on my channel
it's my hotel room for tonight some look
around shall we
again we've just been traveling all day
today which is super super super
annoying I think maybe there's some
stuff to do tomorrow but I'm not sure
anyway this where I'm staying tonight
should drop the key let's hit the lights
so here is my extra powerful wireless
repeating a wireless signal coming from
over there which I'm currently forgot
the password of course it's an asset
wipes repeater uploading yesterday's
video with a good with a good 2 hours
and 24 minutes railing sleep but we're
still got the drone got my bag
the drone I'm learning more and more
stuff about the drone laws in New
Zealand as I go around turns out a lot
more serious and I thought they were
that serious I don't think I'm going to
be flying the drone unless I have like
serious permission from anyone to do so
and I'm not flying an airspace though I
need to download this map with your tell
me where I'm gonna have to fly but for
now I'm calling off the drone shots and
stuff from these vlogs just because it's
like super strict over here so I have to
respect their rules obviously and I
didn't know they were that strict to
start with and now I've been informed
that they and the certain rules that
regulate the the drones over here in in
New Zealand and the fairly strict and
stuff so you have to get that permission
I'm gonna try my best to try and get
some permission and learn a bit more
about it but for now just to stay safe
I'm not going to be flying the Phantom
while I'm here so a little fridge got
everything down here a little bathroom
over there the bed is literally massive
like bigger than a double bed I don't
even know why anyone would want to bed
this big considering this is just me by
myself in here tonight which is awesome
so I can literally lie like that awesome
Siddiq I'm alright autograph on here yes
yes there you go and I was sure it's on
I know and I've just realized that over
here they've stopped me up with a load
of little hot chocolate sachets and
they've given me a quell as well I'm
gonna make myself a hot chocolate
chocolate absolutely ages and then I'm
gonna get some rest
I've been told tomorrow is a little bit
boring because we're traveling but
apparently the view when we're traveling
is the most scenic thing you'll ever see
in your life so hopefully I can get my
video game on videoing out of the bus
window when we're traveling tomorrow so
for now my is Malik's you guys been
awesome Vangie Pratunam today's blog
I'll sleep in roseburg Annie yes
