good morning guys how y'all doing
my name is of course I like to welcome
back to another daily vlog I'm in so if
I don't know where I am I'm somewhere
where I've got no phone reception no
Wi-Fi but when we're leaving this
morning this was my bedroom door last
night setups in there I'm only joking
but the reason we've got no cellphone
reception or Wi-Fi is because we are
literally in between two mountains if
you're that big hill there and then
there's like literally a big hill just
behind me yeah we're literally in in
this Creek right now but deep in it
there's only this road here that leads
down to where we are but we're leaving
this place now I'm literally brushing my
teeth outside this is how awesome this
is and how different the lifestyle is a
traveler my home at the back of the bus
there's too many people so guys today
we're traveling to Wellington
on the bus but check this out
well hello 604 okay Wow no way so did
you call here isn't it
no they didn't know like it's a cool
room and I was I didn't think it'd be
this cool
well I bought this room they didn't tell
me it have a view like that that's
mental what's this in here as well
carry on sweet room is sick but we need
to go bar needs to get a new phone and
all the shops closed in like 15 minutes
I've got a pair as well so yeah okay so
all just come into this like free to
enter museum right now
I think it's out how big these things
are but this is me this is this so if
open on the bus all day we just managed
to settle down get some food down about
a cheeky little bit of miss or miss or
soup so let's get this down
thanks TJ some awesome food one of my
friends sent me this link I'll try and
show it to you guys when it loads and
pretty much on here if you scroll down
you can see this is New Zealand and all
of these areas that all of the areas
that are colored in like either green
purple or blue or any of the curd
circles you're not allowed to fly in at
all so anything that's got any sort of
color on it on this map all the little
circles the green bits everything you're
not allowed to fly in which sucks
because I'm currently in Wellington
right now and I'm here for this evening
and for this evening
only I'm leaving really early in the
morning about half-past seven but you
can see this is Wellington I mean it's
got a big big big big big big big big
big circle around it saying don't fly so
I literally have this thrown about for
days and I don't think I've even used it
once
well I'd haven't even used it from a
full battery percentage down to zero
well I haven't had one flight with it
that I would call a flight just because
everywhere I've been I've been in no-fly
zones
now obviously the DJI series of drones
they don't physically let you take off
if you're in a no-fly zone but what the
DJI drones don't know is that New
Zealand have their own set of no-fly
zones which on on the DJI eco system so
therefore the DJI drone will take off
but you might be in a no-fly zone which
you know that's not good at all because
you could crash into like a helicopter
or an aeroplane or something which isn't
good at all because that could cost
lives
guys with this place at night how cool
is that
how scenic is that isn't gorgeous I'm so
jealous of any person that lives
full-time in New Zealand it's just like
such a gorgeous place like the people
that live in New Zealand have such a
gorgeous country it's just this is
beautiful like absolutely gorgeous I
swear to God my main bag is getting
heavier every single day and I'm not
sure why I think it's because they've
got the same amount of clothes in there
but the clothes in there are actually
wet so I'm carrying water with me as
well around with the trip which is a bit
gross I need to find a washing machine
but I'm gonna shut up show up here
tonight I've got everything on charge
over here all the equipment and stuff on
charge jumping on a ferry in the morning
at 7:15 a.m. so I've got to be up about
6 o'clock get down to the ferry checking
the bags and then and then be straight
up on the ferry over to the South Island
which is awesome absolutely wicked doing
all this stuff is absolutely physically
draining me trying to like do all the
traveling doing these videos doing the
activities and just like trying to keep
up with everyone it's absolutely killing
me like I didn't think it would be this
draining but it is ridiculously hard
work like ridiculously hard work I'm
absolutely loving it though I'm not
caught I don't know why I call it work
just then it's not work
I'm loving this traveling stuff but it's
just hard and really difficult but I'm
absolutely loving it it's just nakid and
I couldn't speak it's just really tiring
I'm a bit homesick and I'm gonna get
some sleep and wake up in the morning
get on this cruise over to the South
Island hopefully then the weather will
perk up and we could start doing some
stuff because the last few days we
haven't really done much and it's been a
bit annoying because I'd be wanting to
do stuff like whitewater rafting this
morning and the snow called it off which
is a big shame but hopefully we can
start doing stuff once we get down to
the South Island so hopefully we can
start doing stuff once we get down over
to the South Island and we'll just go
from there but anyway guys that's gonna
be it for today's vlog my husband Alex
so you guys have an awesome snails and
keep smiling and I'll catch you in my
next video I'm so not get and yes
