I'll leave my camera everything morning
guys how you doing my name is Joe salaz
I've just been here
and it was absolutely amazing not sure
if it was worth it though I'm literally
drenched from head to toe these are my
jeans they are just wet mine my Jordans
I lift my leg up it's so cold there is
legitimate snow around me like no and
I'm just so so so so cold
good evening guys how are you all doing
I'm starting this blog like actually
talking right now and it's pretty much
night time because we've been traveling
all day I tried to get some shots out
the bus who are on an awesome walk this
morning and so an incredible waterfall
but obviously I didn't want to take the
Phantom 4 or my camera just in case
where they got wet and tell you why it
would off because I was absolutely
drenched as you saw it was an hour's
walk in the rain and snow and yeah I'm
so happy I didn't bring my camera
because if I did it probably wouldn't be
working right now this is where we're
staying look how cool this is so
everyone is just sort of socializing
down there cards going on there's a big
fire everyone's drying all of that
clothes on there because obviously we've
got like super super wet today that
managed to bag myself this really really
really cool room tonight so we've got a
double bed and yeah pretty wicked then
you go from this door here it goes out
onto some sort of balcony but a walk out
here it will just go to darkness because
yeah
there's nothing out here if you look at
my phone right now which is actually
broken because I dropped it earlier and
sometimes it doesn't turn on if there's
no service on it
we are literally right at the bottom at
the bottom over this mountain in between
two mountains and just over there
literally about 25 meters that way as a
massive stream so there's no photo
service here at all there's Wi-Fi but
it's absolutely like I don't even works
properly some sort of disconnected for
the evening which is which is really
nice so obviously I've just been sort of
like traveling today haven't really been
doing much so what I want to do is take
the opportunity to talk about what I
think about traveling so far and what
what I think about it pros and cons
negatives and positives because of
course to every positive is always a
negative and tell you like some of my
recommendations if you ever wanted to go
traveling and what I've thought of it so
far and like what I thought it would be
and what it actually has been so let's
talk about it so first off I just want
to go over some tips and tricks for
traveling and now the first one is
fairly obvious but it's pack as light as
you can obviously I'm here I'd do these
YouTube videos
it's fairly impossible I've got camera
equipment to bring around over with me
so if you do have to bring a lot of
equipment or you do want to bring a lot
of things with you you're always good at
moving you're always moving always
moving you never stay in one place for
more than one night so the only way to
get around that is organization you guys
know this is my favorite bag of all time
everything is in its place in this bad
boy everything has its place it's great
because I open the bag if something is
missing and most straightaway because I
know what's meant to be
I've also labeled everything so you see
this this is a little Wi-Fi box that I
have it says on it Alex
Wi-Fi you get the point the reason I've
done that so is that when it's in my bag
I can glance down and see what I need
and grab it but that's pretty too much
time in my bag this thing needs to stay
closed and everything needs to say dry
now I'm not saying I'm some sort of pro
at this whole taking everything
everywhere with myself and traveling
I've lost so much stuff I bought my
girlfriend a nice and rings and I've
actually lost my ring because I was
messing around this morning trying to
get out the hotel room and I lost the
ring that I bought like both of us which
is absolute shame so that's really
annoying and they have to buy some more
luckily I'm going back to the place
where I bought them from so I buy some
more I'm sorry Mia now this is probably
the most annoying thing out of it all
look if I show you this down here this
thing here this thing and then all of
these that is everyone's clothes trying
to dry up everyone's trying to dry off
their clothes on the big argue that's
down there including me my Jordans today
my Jordan shoes were absolutely drenched
there Courtney sat on the RV down there
I'm trying to dry them out
I've bought with me a week's worth of
clothes that is like like trousers socks
boxers and like shirts and like four or
five jumpers and that's the thing every
every week I have to do a wash and if
you forget to do a wash you're gonna be
wearing smelly clothes and that is
something else you need to bear in mind
but other than that if you are on an
organized trip like this I'm on what's
called the Kiwi experience and I
couldn't recommend it enough to anyone
absolutely amazing I've been having the
best few days so far I'm currently
guards what's a 30th today so we've got
we don't really have a long left of this
trip before I had
back home luckily for me I'm with
friends I've got former mates downstairs
and they're currently in the kitchen
looking after one of my other friends
he's also really drunk but if you're
doing this thing on your own make sure
you make friends and make them quickly
because they're gonna be who carries you
through this whole entire thing tomorrow
white water rafting in the morning as
long as the river which is like 25
meters that way is is low enough we're
gonna go white water rafting which is
absolutely awesome and also if you all
wanted to get traveling don't expect to
let them take your cameras on any of the
activities like I have told them about
those guys on this YouTube channel all
the activities we've been doing and
they've said look Alex your channels
absolutely awesome we're gonna let you
bring down cameras and stuff usually
they don't let you do that like they
don't let you do that like you shouldn't
be allowed to take cameras underground
like we did four days ago you shouldn't
be allowed to take cameras whitewater
rafting because it's a hazard but
because I do this YouTube thing they're
called it but one thing is don't if you
don't do YouTube or anything don't
expect to bring all your camera gear and
expect them to let you want activities
with them because they just won't work
but alright guys it's been so non-stop
ridiculously non-stop I've been I'm not
doing an activity sleeping in a hostel
get in my room sleeping in hostel and
then getting back on a bus in the
morning editing the video from yesterday
on uploading it on 4G and then going out
and doing some more activities filming
it getting back sleeping getting back on
a bus the next morning editing
yesterday's video rinse and repeat rinse
and repeat rinse and repeat I even like
non-stop working all my mates are going
out and getting drunk I haven't been
taking part any of that because I just
don't have time like doing these videos
and stuff it's activities all day and
then sometimes I'm like I'm not gonna be
able to eat this video but I said like
I'm not gonna be able to get edited I'm
just so stoked
and I don't quite know how to manage to
do it but with the instant out here as
well
I'm not sure how I've managed so far to
get a video up every single day I really
don't and I've managed to do it I'm
hoping I can do it throughout the entire
thing I was so proud of myself if I can
do that
but yes it's been insane so far but guys
I know obviously the traveling videos
are very very very different very
different and I wanted to make sure you
guys are liking them and if you're not I
want you guys to tell me in the comment
section down below if you want me to
implement something else into the videos
as well like more of a talking thing
with this traveling videos I've been
trying to focus on the activities I've
been doing every day
so they've sort of like I don't know
they're different to the vlogs at home
but if you guys want them to be a little
bit more like the vlogs at home let me
know in the comment section down below
and stuff I'm going to Karin doing the
activities to try to get all the cool
shots for you guys but anyway my husband
Alex you guys been awesome sales and
keep smiling and I'll catch you in my
next video
