enjoy yourselves here make sure you've
got your tops and tails
other openings familiar 12 doctor if you
don't have talks or you would like your
talks of week you don't want to get into
them they do read tales and talk out
here as well
morning guys how we all doing my name is
of course I like to up and sat here
editing yesterday's video and it it
realize have actually arrived here super
super early today we're doing some home
game let's do this
Hey
oh you can light for the extra
hey bored nurse
so trying to get some jolly shots we're
here at the O go experience has been
absolutely mental we're going to finish
the day we're getting some drone shots
took the drone up you're not I've done
and I've gone ahead and crashed it
haven't I it's in the tree it's in a
tree didn't realize that the you look up
here those trees up there there was one
really tall pine tree which are backed
into and it's up there in the tree so
Fred's got its climbing gear on I need
to go and get it so we've just had the
absolutely the best experience ever
oK we've all really enjoyed it it's been
immense got some great slow-motion like
GoPro shots want to finish it with some
drone shots and yeah the drone is now in
a tree back there and we're leaving a
little bit miffed off about the drone
there's nothing you can do just gotta
wait to see if they get it down from the
tree for us but just stopped off Wow Wow
so all the boys are getting Instagram
photos right over there near the
waterfall absolutely
and I just make ham I just nicked
so I think
I think possibly the most annoying thing
about all of this is that like to start
with I thought like I don't know I would
have liked to think that I was like
pretty confident with flying that they
inspire and stuff and it's just like
killed all of that like if I get another
drone I'm just not going to be as
creative and that really really sucks
not too bad just like really really
really bright so I'm gonna stop myself
right there because I know earlier I
went on a little bit of a rant now I'm
here and I've calmed myself down and
I've gained a little bit of perspective
now perspective is one of those weird
ones it's one of those things that
everyone needs to have to maintain a
healthy lifestyle and if you lose them
hi as I was saying perspective is what
everyone needs to maintain a healthy
lifestyle and sometimes people lose
perspective and that is absolutely fine
the key is to remember to get the
perspective back again and look at the
bigger picture instead of focusing on
the little problems yes I've lost my
drone yes the hard drives broken but
there's much bigger things to be
worrying about
much bigger things to focus my time on
like positive things instead of negative
things like that the hard drive can be
fixed and the drone well it's a learning
curve isn't it I was speaking to my dad
about all of this earlier because it was
really really really getting on my
nerves the hard drive it is you know
I've come on this trip to try and film
the whole entire thing and I've lost all
my footage and my drone I want it to get
lost and don't rush while I was here and
now I have a drone and I was like what's
the point in being here anymore and I
was telling all this to my dad and my
dad said this right he said to me
creative breakthroughs always begin with
multiple failures and it's so true
because if you don't fail you don't know
how to go around the object you don't
know how to be better you've never
failed you don't know what it's like to
succeed that's so so true by the way I
bought a new hat because while I'm here
I call me orders to do my hair but I'm
gonna end today's vlog here guys because
I let you down energy to do it as I'm a
bit drained as I've lost the drone and
stuff hopefully we can get a new one
somewhere down the line whilst I'm here
in Australia but for now mine has been
Alex you guys have been awesome thank
you for the awesome support on all the
videos really appreciate you guys
sticking by and what
the fun things have been doing and while
I'm struggling to find Internet and time
to edit these things while I'm here on
the bus and stuff but yes - right see
you guys been awesome mm keep smiling
and I'll catch you in my next video
adios
