coming to harvesting today but the
weather's a little bit little bit crappy
what have you been doing your friends
and you my friends that yep he's a mob
us what so this is and then he says I
love you forever if you get me a
shout-out good morning guys this has
been like from what I've gathered so far
this is what we do we get on the bus
every morning fairly early we come on
like some sort of walk and then we go
off and do some major activity so
yesterday's video was wicked because me
and the boys went underground and went
to all the caves and stuff and I'd like
a private tour and this afternoon when
we're doing iron this afternoon we're
going to Hobbiton whoa they were just
walking around this little thing at the
moment just trying to get some cool
little shots and just experiencing it
really it's quite early in the morning
we'll probably take the drone up a
little bit later
no I saw a cave again I did see I'm
married but there's a nice view this end
oh wow wait obviously God sustains me
guys check out where I am so it turns
out we're actually not allowed to film
inside Hobbiton which is really annoying
to have us to speak to a manager we're
hopefully gonna get the OK to do it but
I'll keep you guys posted
turns out guys if you look at my wallet
right now I've got this special little
card which lets me film spoke to the
manager so we're all good let's go there
we go we're on the bus come on we're
gonna go on an adventure
editing yesterday's vlog look
so this is it I'm actually at Hobbiton
this is amazing
check it out it's just like the
attention to detail on absolutely
everything is just mega I mean I look at
the chess set over there it's just
immense by seeing in the films and stuff
look what looks like cool enough but
like seeing in real life my
come in come in that's good let's do a
virtual tour this is a new new half stop
this is what's inside what way I'll pass
you through it ready there we go all
right little toolbar neat it okay I only
have umbrellas yep yep embrace able to
show you the Wi-Fi yep so yeah if you
have Wi-Fi yeah we got fiber-optic in it
oh yeah that's brilliant is that with a
little talk of what section inside one
of these things mental innit
morning Aaron so that was a little bit
of an inside look as to what's actually
inside one of those things obviously
they are just like what are they props
sets the set isn't it it's a set not a
prop so we're now approaching at Bill
Bowes house
there we go so we're pretty much
finished we're gonna go in this room
here this is like the bar area and you
can get like a legit beer that's only
served here look at this place
that's enough to keep my rock okay my
home whatever you're okay with you talk
if I talk you might ask you why you're a
neurotic today in Acapulco what a gutsy
hey wha hey Mau the order right now
monitor our Ernie Hawk retired my rocket
I'm Mike what I done with it
tell my head appealing a lie detector so
this is where we actually get to sleep
tonight which is just insane it's in one
of these amazing cabins so this is where
we're staying tonight it's fairly
awesome we're all staying in Swan
massive room and it's absolutely wicked
got everything set up over here charging
batteries charging laptop
Wi-Fi headphones this is my little
corner this room is really cool though
isn't it you nothing
who's the deck coroner and what you
think you make every single one of them
has like my background piece sooo cool
so taken off the gorilla pod we're going
to what's called the formal greeting
right now so I'll try and capture as
much as that as I can as you can see
it's very very dark here
this is it here we go Wow you know I'm
really interested to see what you guys
think about in the comment section that
was mental he hit this out oh wow
bro what you thinking it's amazing
so I just go back to my bed because I
need to do some work this has been an
absolutely phenomenal experience the
whole thing has just left me speechless
seeing how these tribes all do their
thing seeing what they believe in and
how passionate they are about it
absolutely incredible and this room that
we're staying in tonight it's just
insane this thing is mental absolutely
crazy everyone else is back at the big
food court they've put out like fish
like really nice fish meats vegetarian
options and there's loads of loads of
fish as well really nice really hot food
there's a bar everyone's drinking wow
it's just I've just put on a show for us
tonight and it's been incredible
absolutely insane I haven't stopped
smiling all day absolutely incredible
cabins look like that we're staying in
tonight but we're just all in our shorts
at the moment because we're gonna go
down to the spa they've got an awesome
spa for us I've been told that it's a
very very very nice spa they told me to
bring my phone to do the music but I can
already hear music and it sounds like
terrible music so I'll sort that out
