no I'm good thanks very much cheers
thank you one last final check round I
think we're all good
morning guys how we're doing my name is
of course I like I'm currently on my way
up to 410 right now I've changed hotels
Oh
the reason I've changed hotels you
probably thinking is because I was in
some hotel earlier although I had to
open in the last two nights and the
reason I was in that hotel is because I
didn't know where any other hotels were
around the area I saw it and I needed a
night's sleep so I went in there and as
I walked in there I didn't realize it
was a four and a half star hotel that
was gonna cost me an absolute fortune so
I wanted to get out of there as quick as
possible and now I'm in this Ibis
business studio apartment thing which is
like half the price and it's not gonna
break my bank and not let me do the
skydiving and stuff because obviously
I'm gonna be doing the activities with
the boys and they're gonna cost like a
fair bit of money and I just don't have
it like so I'm gonna stay in this little
studio apartment but to be honest I
think this is better and one of the main
reasons is better is because I've
actually got some sort of a balcony well
no seriously they're the main reason
it's better is because I have a little
mini kitchen I'm not even joking that is
the reason no how are you doing it's so
expensive to eat out and on this whole
trip I'm trying to save as much money as
I can because as I've said to you guys
the activities mean the lives are gonna
be doing I'm going to be ridiculously
expensive like the bungee jumping and
skydiving and everything else so I'm
gonna go out and buy food and I can cook
it here instead of eating out that is
gonna save money so overall I'm pretty
happy cool I'm in Auckland we're gonna
do some fun stuff today because the work
is pretty good
so as you can see in this shot here from
my apartment everything looks fine now
you're gonna do some fun stuff today
because the weather's pretty good then
the weather turns really bad and now
it's flying again so we're gonna try and
make the most of this
this is what I want one of these bad
boys I totally wasn't exposing these
things was so expensive not a pound for
a penny board is just like off the rail
yeah unfortunately today will not be the
day that I'm investing in a penny board
yo what's up the weather here is like a
really bad mood it's on and off and like
ridiculously woman is raising then woman
it's really sunny so we're gonna take
the opportunity with this sunset right
now to go up the mountain but didn't get
penny bugs it was too expensive and
these guys are too lazy to walk so now
on the bus
we're all taking massive shifts carrying
inspired just because it's ridiculous -
happy Friday buzz the night I've been
mine Aaron's doing that the bush got the
good stuff ready for you
right who just got off the bus now with
fairly high up in Auckland got the drone
we taking ships carrying this thing as
I've already said because it is super
super heavy not just for messing around
it's so enough of you but over here to
talk today over there is Oakland sissy
come inside you've got another volcano
just there and then one just a bit in
the distance further down the same
on martin crater Wow
it's just science pretty insane views
was down here and the boys have just
penny boarded penny boarding down there
it's really quite annoying that we
couldn't fly the drone today because my
arms are absolutely killing what all of
our arms are from taking it up the
volcano but it was an amazing view of
the city and I'm glad I did it before we
leave
Auckland we leave Auckland tomorrow
morning at 8 a.m. on a bus on a bus that
is gonna go well none of us really know
yet I'm gonna get yesterday's video
edited and I'm gonna go to a bar and I'm
gonna meet the boys and we're gonna plan
out where we want the bus to take us
what we want to do what activities we
want to hear first and there's good
there's a massive list of activities
which include like open open door open
door helicopter rides skiing
snowboarding bungee jumping visiting the
Hobbit Hobbit Hobbit Tom hob whatever
it's called The Hobbit place and Welles
is there skydiving white water rafting
speedboating there's loads of stuff
absolutely loads of stuff so we're gonna
plan all of that tonight
cool yesterday's video all edited
currently uploading I am currently on my
way around to the boys place right now
because as I said we're gonna go out for
a few drinks and discuss the plans for
New Zealand as I say we get on the bus
in the morning at like 8 a.m. which is
gonna take us to our first destination
we're gonna get off get somewhere to
stay
start doing some fun things
and in the dream
it's such a massive shame that I
couldn't take off the drone today up in
the mountains it was far too risky
didn't want to risk it what we're
starting tomorrow this experience when
we get on the bus and we go all the way
around New Zealand is the exact
experience a guy a famous youtuber
called fun for Louie did and he it just
looked insane i followed him followed
his trip round on his youtube videos and
what he did just looked absolutely
phenomenal so I don't want to break the
drone I want to save it for all of these
awesome opportunities we've got coming
up over the next sort of of the next one
a month starting tomorrow literally
can't wait I think tomorrow we're going
to somewhere where you literally can sit
in this pool of water but it's naturally
boiling hot but underneath it there's
lava and it heats the water up and then
I just I it's just insane I can't wait
guys for tomorrow for this thing to
finally start this what I've been
waiting for my husband Alex you guys
have been awesome
stay awesome keep smiling and of course
I will catch you in tomorrow's video I
love all of you guys and obviously thank
you so much recently for the support
I'll talk about a little bit more about
back in tomorrow's video just guys you
are phenomenal and I just love you all
thank you very much you helped me sleep
at night literally I love you all
atius
