and that is everything around you that
you call life was made up by people okay
so I'm just sat here editing yesterday's
vlog and I look up right and I just see
that oh my god I need
oh no way good morning guys how we are
doing my name is Alex and I need to talk
to you about something really really
really quickly
Barney stood asleep and he's probably
not gonna be up for another five hours
it's really early in the morning right
now and I've gotta because I like to
experience this view right I've done a
bit of research all you guys know I'm
travelling to New Zealand on the 22nd
and I'm gonna be there until the 19th of
August so I need some data to upload
these videos whilst on there and I've
done some research and as I thought it's
ridiculously expensive that expensive
I'm probably not going to be able to
upload if you look on here it's three
gigabyte for $50 this is the cheapest
I've found it each video I upload is
about a gigabyte in size which means
26/3 is it's gonna cost me eight pounds
to upload a video every day eight quid
and on top of that I've got to do social
media posts for you guys and stay active
and talk to you guys it's gonna cost me
a lot to do this so I've asked graphic
stock to sponsor this video so I've got
the funds to buy this data as soon as I
get to New Zealand so I want to say a
massive massive massive thank you for
graphic stock for letting me get my
uploads done when I get to New Zealand
so I need to tell you guys about this
real quick
pretty much what graphic stock is is a
massive online online library of images
royalty-free and you can use them in
whatever work you want to corporate work
YouTube videos anything I know look
Linus Tactics uses them all the time and
stuff and if you want to use this
website you don't pay per image you
download you pay per month and you can
download unlimited images which is
awesome so I've typed in awesome
view and this given me loads of awesome
views hopefully this is what I'm going
to be doing videos of as soon as the
fact that we need the data to upload the
videos when I get to New Zealand so I
can keep pumping out content for you
guys I actually use graphic stock for my
corporate work in my business miles
meteor anyway so I'm happy to promote
them on my youtube channel because it
just are a good service they're not just
a random company I do genuinely use
their service myself so if you guys want
it there's a 7 day free trial in the
description as to say it's a paid
service but it's a 7 day free trial just
for you guys in the description cool
that's that on with today's vlog quick
run this morning I have just taped the
room key card onto the back of my phone
so I don't have to carry two things
because I have any pockets here I'm
testing out the new GoPro chest mount
which I bought in the airport let's go
and run around Sydney on this fine
beautiful winter's morning insane
run across that bridge you know I can do
it yeah yeah come to stare into it thank
you very much Cheers
I'll just shed a tear is that
this
is
I think you really have to be here to
witness what I'm witnessing in all of
its glory like
taking me half an hour to find a way to
get on to this bridge I'm finally on to
it it's about 30 degrees and the view is
just
the Internet's not working in our
apartment
and I need the internet to upload my
YouTube videos so I'm not happy right
they haven't fixed the Internet will
they have the court with a short-term
solution which means I get internet but
it's really slow but luckily I'm 11
hours ahead of the UK time 6:00 p.m.
when I usually upload so it's hopefully
not gonna be an issue but if you noticed
at the start of this video the song said
and that is everything around you that
you call life was made up by people it
were no smarter than you and it's so
true and you're never gonna experience
what people have done the power of
people what they've done if you don't
like go like traveling like I'm not the
person to be explaining this Barney come
here mate mate sure should people go
travelling they they definitely should
go travel why because there's so much
more to life than what people have on
their day to day life at home they go to
work they go home they have dinner and
they go to bed well if she come
travelling and you see all these amazing
places all these amazing people so you
had a hundred one hundred percent
recommend people to save up and then
take a little bit of time away honestly
I can't understand anyone that wouldn't
do it
just stop for a bite of food the first
proper bit of food I'm gonna be eating
all day it's one of these buzzer
operations where this thing buzzes when
your order is ready and then you go up
and get your order so it's waiting for
it to buzz thank you for a lovely meal
Raghu this is probably one of the
biggest Apple stores I've ever seen in
my life and the funny thing is it's
right next to a McDonald's guys check
out these stairs
here's Barney looking at some nice
trainers to buy for New Zealand like
that ones yeah what do you reckon well
they'd be good for New Zealand oh that's
the thing I have literally spent all of
my money on data I don't think I can run
spending any more money on shoes that's
the thing though we need shoes to climb
mountains in in New Zealand
I just can't warrant spending the money
on it I think I'm late you're just gonna
have to get the shoes dirty but I
travelled in
Wireless heaven like all around me it's
just Wi-Fi whoa it's just rows and rows
and rows and rows of electrical stuff
I'm literally in heaven right now but
I've spent all my money on data
thank you bye-bye one also geez that was
so hard
well was to order pizza while I was on I
was on 15% now I'm on 2% he's on 2%
Australian Domino's is nothing like
English Domino's and the fact that this
is a lot worse than English Domino's
like I'm gonna go back to England and
one day the first thing we're gonna get
is the Domino's because I just miss it
so much it's alright just doesn't
compare to England at all in any way
shape or form even the crust so good
though we've got some garlic bread to
compensate right guys it's quite late
here so I'm gonna end today's vlog here
wit you've enjoyed the run this morning
that I went on was absolutely phenomenal
absolutely phenomenal like I've
genuinely shed a tear and of course the
Bridget was just insane absolutely
amazing
but anyway mazarites you guys been
awesome girls be smiling I'll catch you
in my next video oh yes
