ladies and gentlemen glacial I'm captain
Mohammad Anya and the rest of the crew
visual welcome on our flight NH one for
one fan cover photo Balaban either broke
or develop at Urbana good morning guys
her doing my name is Alex um welcome
back to another vlog I let you get a let
you in my mind right now what's going on
I'm currently in Malaysia it's in the
morning right now in Malaysia like 9
a.m.
I've just got on my flight to Australia
which is 8 hours for 5 minutes long but
it's currently half past 1:00 in the
morning in the UK so I might really
confused as to how men do this I get the
uploads on time and I don't know what
time of the day to start videoing I
suppose I'll work it out but this
aeroplane seed I'm in right now is
awesome
we're just about to move the land
it's about 7:15 p.m.
Oh
thank you very much
finally arrived in Sydney that was the
best airplane C I've ever been in in my
entire life like it massage you it
turned into a bed it was like private
Pokemon goes going off now
hey you told to give you this
I've come from London Heathrow Malaysia
Airlines and I've got one of my bags but
not doing on my do you know where you're
gonna be staying
I do yeah I'm staying with a friend I've
only just got that information so
luckily this isn't just me but they've
lost my bags because obviously the the
the play that we went on it we had to
get you have to change over there was
two planes went on the first one was 13
hours long as you go so in yesterday's
video and the one that I was on at the
start of this video was eight hours long
I've managed to get my DJI inspire 1
which is fine probably the most
expensive thing I brought with me but
but why don't we have a met to go we'd
but they've lost my other bag which I
love my clothes in it I'm so lost what
the hell right apparently they've
located my bags and they're gonna drive
them to me tomorrow morning at 10
o'clock so at least hopefully with some
luck they're not lost I've just bought
some data so 7 gigabytes of data on a
SIM card so I can get yesterday's video
for you guys and I'm in frickin
Australia like I'm in Australia let's
get a cab and let's see you Barney
alright let's get a taxi from at the
taxi right now I'm gonna go and see
Barney right and I haven't seen him he's
been pretty much my best mate right even
though you know he sort of bailed on me
10 months ago and came to Australia and
yeah I'm gonna go see him now
just get out my taxi walking down here
I've got Barney on fine friends so I
kind of know where he is but I'm not
sure I haven't seen him in so long this
is gonna be so strange picture this
right like your best mate
right used to do everything together you
haven't seen him in like ten months and
this is the moment we're about to see
him again is that a wild Barney Kranz
May what the yeah hey bro
Oh mate can man my size mentally oh dude
this is where Barney staying like this
display to deliver this friggin mental
guys my back has just arrived I've been
asleep just been to Bondi Beach with
Barney and have some breakfast I'm
jet-lagged and I'm absolutely knackered
but my bag
it's just arrived at where we're staying
that's recording now is it yeah hi this
is Barney you probably you probably all
know him
why should know I don't so much you've
changed me why Barney
Alex's friends for those of you that
don't know me and this is our room here
it's very messy in smaller moments
there's three of us staying in it um
Alex Knight is staying here for one two
nights on them yeah well last night
tonight last night tonight and then
tomorrow we are heading to Sydney which
is going to be amazing so Alex the Opera
House darling harbour we're still
perhaps last night at night and it was
absolutely amazing had a few drinks
which was which is really cool but I'm
just staying up by the laptop now I lost
my bag because you guys know it's down
there but the airport now really
delivered it to me which is brilliant so
now officially now we can start this
vlogging train every single day and get
everything up and running so I've got
all my gear with me now
so come live a minute I'm famous famous
so got the bags from the airport
absolutely brilliant so stoked about
that it was really on my mind that I
didn't have any of my stuff because I
didn't have any of my charges and
everything from my laptop and so I was
in this bag and so I've got that now
laptop is finally on charge everything
is going to plan so far which is which
is brilliant
touchwood but this is cool right and
I've been wanting to do this for a while
and been waiting for a vlog to do this
in where I haven't had much to do in the
day now obviously you're thinking Alex
you in Sydney even Australia or why have
you not got much to do and that's
because I'm massively jet lag today and
so today's a perfect time to do it and I
want to talk about my new social media
platform QT and I'm going to keep this
short and sweet and simple the people
that haven't signed up sign up and for
the people that have signed up you're
still eligible to do this by the way but
we're giving away on QT a phantom 4
drone now I've got my spy one with me
but you
the phantom forest an incredible drone I
think it's like 1,200 pound drone or a
$1,500 for you guys in America or
whatever one of the best drones you can
get for getting video we're giving one
away we're doing a one-month giveaway
right and the way you enter this
giveaway right after listen carefully to
this because this is this is this is
important you've got to make sure you
signed up to Qt right if you're not
signed up the links in the description
already right go down there and sign up
if you're ready signed up that's
brilliant is still illegible to enter
what we're going to do right is this is
how you enter you have to create a cutie
on my website on the social media cutie
you have to create a cutie page and on
that page do it on whatever topic you
won right and the most right there's a
few guidelines to this and it's very
very rough guidelines but the most
creative cutie and the one that has the
most views at the end of it and the most
interaction will win the drone so get
thinking get your friends on board right
and get them to interact with the cutie
that you made and the creator of the
cutie is gonna win the drone you've got
one month guys okay links in the
description make sure you enter phantom4
giveaway right I've got jet lag I'm
going to end this video here my husband
Alex you guys have an awesome and
they're charging my stuff up I'll see
you in tomorrow's vlog adios
Oh
