here
this is it like the train station right
now it's 25 past 6:00 in the morning
just said them I've said bye to everyone
I can possibly think of dad just dropped
me off at the train station I've said
bye to him Maria still at my house I
survived her I've got all my gear here
inspire big case I've got my got my
backpack on I feel like I forgot
something I've had about two hours sleep
I'm absolutely knackered train is just
about to arrive
little bit emotional this morning but
we're okay I'm in the first-class lounge
in the quiet coach so I can't really
believe how cool is that I've got videos
I need to edit I'm gonna get those done
now that includes yesterday's vlog and
the peer box opening just arrived into
London you guys need to appreciate that
but I inspire one and this big bag to
carry look I'll show you just here I've
got all this to carry I kind of need two
hands to do it so I can't use my camera
which is annoying I'm just about to get
onto the tube and go to terminal 4 on
Heathrow I patch it with you guys then
and
yo you
guys I'm really stressed I packed in my
bags givin them to the check-in guy now
I can talk to you guys just about to go
through security everything's gettin a
bit easier now cool through security
fine now having my shopping aisles I
need to get some water and a toothbrush
okay I've got the Bose QuietComfort
headphones the noise cancelling ones and
they're insane she's got the Bluetooth
ones in the store right now
silver plays yet the purchase just has
to be made
yeah brilliant mate thank you and these
as well please mate cheers mate thank
you
ah
and my man
so I understand that a lot of you are
thinking Alex why'd you just spend like
250 pounds on these headphones and well
let me explain
I bought these headphones the Bose quiet
comfort 25 two years ago secondhand on
eBay and it was the best purchase I ever
made the only thing I had wrong with
these is that they had a cable right
I've just brought out the wireless ones
they sound better as well and they have
better noise cancelling it's this which
I absolutely love but better and
wireless and you guys know I have an
absolute thing to music like I just
can't live without it I love it I
absolutely live music so being able to
listen to it through a good quality pair
of headphones on my like nine-hour
flight that's coming up is gonna be
really cool oh by the way those are the
ones the 25s that obviously I'm not
going to use any mocks and bought these
new ones I'll probably give them away to
you guys so stay tuned
my flight is ready for boarding let's go
and my imagine
you're here
oh this is insane yeah it's good luck
yeah buddy
I'm really not too sure how well you're
gonna be able to hear me in here but
this is the biggest plain bathroom I've
ever been in look at this thing is huge
what this is a 13-hour flight and I'm
currently about four hours into it a
little sleep
I'm gonna go get some editing done right
now I'll show you some of the rest of
this plane because it's meant
yeah
you
and my judge imagine
update about three hours left and fly
actually about two and a half hours and
I keep coming on every hour and running
up and down these massive stairs here on
the plane just to like keep my legs
working on my feet working I hate
sitting down for long periods of time I
just can't do it and I just get like
really stiff and I just prefer to be
moving Plus every like half an hour my
watch is like Alex stand up so yeah
using these stairs is like some sort of
exercise thing but saying that I've just
ordered some cookies and hot chocolate
and
right guys this is really odd because
I've just arrived in Malaysia right now
I just come off a 13-hour flight and now
I'm getting back on the aeroplane for
another eight-hour flight to go to
Sydney but the day is now over in
England so I'm on English time still I
need to end this vlog here guys the next
vlog will be in Sydney - bollocks you
guys been awesome Delsin keep smiling
I'll catch you the next one getting back
on the other airplane alright
adios
Oh
