it's half past seven in the morning
probably eat you're gonna find out ZV
nothing yeah
oh wow Jake look at all that that's
mental half sick what are they in the
corner they weren't there last night
this sent me presents Jacob look every
starting straightaway
Jacob I've got you a few presents but
this one's from me okay yeah go on then
is the coolest remote-controlled car
you'll ever have in your entire life and
it has a camera that you can see on your
iPad take it drive it around and house
guns on it
thank about that Thanks
and what did you say this was my main
present and was it do it makes busy
drinks the way you want it is that
exactly what you wanted
right so I just opened a load of my
presence on a talk you guys through what
I got in a second but my friend Qualcomm
sent me a video to show my brother on
Christmas so I'm gonna go through in
Shane's face oh look good
Alex knows global clock
no Alex what did you get for Christmas I
know that's the question everybody's
asking but before that guys I all of you
have had an absolutely incredible day
yourselves you've gone out
you've given present to people hopefully
you've got some good gifts in return
because as much as it's really nice
giving presents it also sucks if you've
given people nice presents and your
present as good as them in return
anyway guys I got spoiled rotten this
Christmas this is really cool I got lots
of housewarming gifts cuz I've just
bought a house but you guys need to let
me know what what all of you got for
Christmas down below this is a really
really really really really nice set of
cutlery for my new house cook the Rays
something that everybody needs as this
little drawer here with more cutlery in
that's awesome really nice for all of
you guys to give a massive warm welcome
to Bruce
this this is Bruce Bruce well Bruce he's
absolutely awesome
I don't know else you probably thinking
guys Co Alex the vlog the shots they're
really really steady well this this is
my new tripod and it's what it's awesome
so this is my new tripod and I
absolutely love it
look how smooth the head is on it you
can get some really really really really
really nice pans on this thing and it's
also just really robust and like really
really quick to use I love this thing
myself guys and all of my family we have
all had Christmas dinner which was
really nice
I'm also surprised Jacob with all of his
presence he's got the Batmobile and that
video from Quebec
I don't think I saw his face but he was
just blowing away soaked webs thanks for
that bro I really appreciate it
and now he probably thinking Alex what's
that on your body what's that and well
this is a shirt that I bought the shot
the other day if you guys are paying
attention but now Alex
not the shirt what's that well yeah this
is my Christmas present this is this is
this is something special this is cool
if you guys can find this I'll be really
impressed because these are really
really really these are really rare you
know sort of these rocks on my wrists
type thing but it's around my neck and
it's it's a skull like that chain is
thick I don't know if you know you guys
can tell but I kind of do like I kind of
do like the skull thing I mean it's good
but you need to do it in moderation too
much of the skull thing and things start
to look a little bit tacky but as I say
guys in moderation this and that and the
OG we make a good team right the guys I
actually need to go somewhere right now
unfortunately I'm not spending much time
with the family today I'm joking I've
spent all I spent all day with them it's
now almost 6:00 in the evening so I want
to go and play for a little bit and well
I'm going to the office
and then everybody's gonna be like Alex
just give yourself just a little bit of
a break for once and I'm not going to
work don't worry you guys will see what
I'm going for
now guys please don't worry I am only
coming in to the office to collect the
little computer that we built the other
week that is the only reason I need to
try I need to try and fix this thing up
and get it way let's sue JB the
Gorillapod company these guerrilla pods
that honestly awful they're the best
thing on the market but they are awful
absolutely nevertheless can eyes
computer all together right now I have
got myself here a just a little box of
all the parts that were all over the
desk and we're going to take this thing
home finish it up and get it working
because guys you know what it's
Christmas and I feel like just having a
little bit of fun and this well making
this computer work will be my idea of
fun this evening but today guys today
has been awesome so you guys all
there we go I need to get this little
badger all fixed up and working I'm
gonna update you guys as soon as as soon
as I do but for now I need to pull out
the gun guys and shoot the streak dead
in the face because this guy's is my
last vlog this ya know guys I've been
doing a vlog every single day this year
every single day bark Capades we're not
on holiday with my girlfriend I've
locked
ever since well the last two years I
think I probably missed about 7 to 10
days of vlogging of videos in the last
two years of my life which is absolutely
mint and guys the reason why this is the
last vlog of 2017 for me is because I
need to spend some time with my family
it doesn't really show to you guys
because you sit there and watch this
thing for 10 minutes every day or 7
minutes every day however long it is
every day it doesn't really it doesn't
really it doesn't really come through
actually how much effort goes into doing
a daily vlog as well as all the other
content I do I load about 10 videos a
week on average to youtube over 3
channels and our stream on Twitch and do
so much stuff online guys every single
day guys I do all of this stuff myself
it's a good two and a half three hours
of importing footage editing it getting
things uploaded finding internet it's a
lot guys it's a lot of my mental it's a
lot of my family's mental and all the
people around me and I owe it to them
people around me
that to spend a little bit of time with
them and they also think that I've been
doing this for that long now guys I need
a little bit of a break so that in 2018
I can well hopefully come back and
absolutely smash out the videos and make
them well even better than they've been
the last two years so guys with that
being said guys I will see you in 2018
whoa that's awesome thing to say
I'm not gonna go dead off the internet
guys so be sure to follow me on all my
social medias I'll still be tweeting
every day posting snaps every day on
snapchat and Instagram and everything so
guys go get yourself clued up on all of
and I've even got a few main channel
videos coming so I wouldn't worry but
guys I'll see you all in 2018 it's been
an incredible year and I think every
single person every single person that
made this possible guys I love you so
much
adios
