morning guys how we are doing my name is
of course Alex welcome back to another
daily vlog guys I'm you're looking on a
little secret this is my last day in the
UK travel to Australia tomorrow guys
drop a like rating you're gonna be
spending the last day in the UK my last
day in the UK with me we've got loads of
stuff we need to do today need to take
Mary home got to pick up my jeans got a
yeah I've got I've got a list let's do
let's go and do this so I haven't edited
yesterday's video yet these are the
things I need to do today but there's a
bit of an issue with that just a little
bit a little bit wet so let's stay in
here for a bit having this match makes
everything so much easier because I can
just coming at it like wherever I am and
it actually works instead of having a
little thin thing quite big but still
Erin's number one complete drop Maria
off home she made me some breakfast
edited my vlogs they're yesterday's vlog
I need to go into town now pick up my
shorts put some money in the bank and do
a few other bits and bobs let's get
these errands done quick because of the
boring ones and we want the boring stuff
done
trying to get some money change for
Australia because I've got no money but
nowhere stops Australian dollars having
absolutely no look with the Australian
dollars at all no one stocks Australian
dollars so I'm pretty much screwed
right woken up breakfast consumed picked
up my shorts got no travel money which
is annoying but I tried been to the bank
play pokemon go in the bank people are
watching me vlog need to get back to the
office I'm addicted to Pokemon go
it's amazing guys who haven't played it
which you should have just get it done
right I was what I was playing right
Pokemon go last night after i edited
last night's video i went round to see
maria and we both went out to play
pokemon go we were driving around in my
car driving around my local town then
this car was following me right and i
was thinking right ok so get a bit weird
hallo me for a while so I pulled over it
then pulled over to the side of us and I
thought oh for God's sake I know what's
gonna happen what's going to happen
rolled up a window and it just just
shouts over and goes are you guys
playing Pokemon go I know exactly what
you were doing and he was a fan of the
YouTube channel and he owns a chip shop
where I live and we drove round playing
Pokemon go together like that is the
power of the Internet that is the power
of the internet like the networking of
it all and like he said it was a fan of
my youtube thing so that's a power of
the Internet in one sense that he
watches my videos and recognized me and
we're both playing Pokemon go together
on the Internet we're so blessed with
like what we have nowadays in the 21st
century like computers and internet and
stuff but it's just an everyday thing
and people just take it for granted and
last night it just made me think that
like it's just awesome but it's just
awesome
I don't think there's any other gadgetry
up here that I could take actually to be
fair this Manfrotto stunt case thing off
Rosalind cake looks cool for my GoPro
stuff when I get to the airport I think
I'm gonna pick up a GoPro session cool
right I'm going to turn off the MX
master and put it in this little case to
take it home but my jeans I've got this
little case keys are in my pocket office
bye-bye
turn off all the lights just need to
pick up my things for the PIO box rather
from the post office I really have no
idea to how much stuff is going to be
but I need to do a peer box opening
video for the main channel for you guys
here's another travel hack I need three
things so here's what we're going to do
right
we've got scissors my anchor battery
power which is my main one and I want
this going in here and we've also got a
lightning cable now at the bottom of
this bag it has this section here where
you can put all of you all of your gear
like some gear but there's a section
right at the bottom here where you can
actually slide in a portable battery
pack right at the bottom of the bag
which is wicked so I need that cable to
come through here and out here so now
look this can connect to that and this
can live in the bottom of this bag and I
can zip that off and you're never going
to see it and then out the side comes a
lightning cable so I can charge my phone
whilst I'm using it
the wall of this needs to fit in there
we go brilliant it's all in now this
drone is fairly big and it's not really
gonna fit in this case unless we take
off the camera and put it in what's
called travel mode now to put it in
trouble mode this little switch here you
go one two three four five six you have
to finish off packing this when I get
back from a meal to do some a haircut
and going up a little family meal before
I go right guys I'm not going to edit
this or cut it or anything I want you
guys to see exactly what I'm taking with
me to Australia because all of you have
asked me pretty much the title of this
video is going to be what I'm taking to
Australia or something along those lines
so first off is the drone now this is
the case that it comes in
you guys saw in the vlog the other day
that we wrote all the fragile stuff on
the back so hopefully they're not going
to chuck it about hopefully so this is
the drone case as it stands at the
moment all the props go in there the
props are the blades if you didn't know
and here is one factory that goes in
there and then the other battery goes
underneath this controller which sits in
there this inside here this is
who's your case and then in here there
you go I can put the camera in there so
that's the camera and that's what goes
in there and then the drone sits there
but we're currently doing something to
the drone at the moment so I can't show
you it yet I'll show you at the end so
stay tuned right so for moving through
here laptop editing all the videos on
this and we've got the little SSD which
I bought which is 480 gig hopefully
that's enough for all the footage I'm
going to be shooting and reading a lot
of stuff in 4k uploading to you guys
yada yadi area you get the point
cool right moving on this over here is
one phone two things taken both of them
obviously gonna be working out there and
then this down here is my mom for to bug
you guys know rave about this thing so
I'll show you what's in here first
bottom portion we've got anchor 5200
milliamp hour battery
our version can see Apple black tape and
named everything which is mine and then
docking to get it out and I can be like
oh that's the Wi-Fi oh that's the thing
so this is my little Wi-Fi dongle which
is got a SIM card in it so I can upload
for you guys that's brilliant that goes
in there I've got these sony a6300 just
there in his little in this little
compartment that I've got a few extra
spare anchor cables just there in the
side here I've actually got to my
sunglasses and my passport and then in
this side there's just some spare in
here Bose headphones we doesn't know
like my music and the charging cable
which goes to the charger we've built
into the bag we did that earlier you get
it
so laptop's going to go in this bag this
is my hand luggage there we've got my
Bose headphones the big ones the noise
cancelling ones so that is that this is
the suitcase so in here in this first
side pocket right at the top we have got
all of the travel hatch stuff that we
made so this is our UK plug thing that
we did in the other vlog which is
brilliant with our adapter on it and
have taken that that lives in here two
little bags in here these aren't really
really really important this one first
one of the batteries have just flown out
of that one which is a little bit
annoying as you can see you guys I'm
trying to rush the bus so much stuff
I've got to do but I've got anchor
cables in here anchor cables galore
loads of them I've got a portable Wi-Fi
extender with obviously it says it on it
Wi-Fi Alex thing yeah you get the point
I've got a few extra spare memory cards
in there as well so in case in I'm in
that space desperately need for space
I've got a few extra memory cards gopro
hero4 black time-lapse device 3a 7s
batteries which also work in the h2 300
which is brilliant and we've got some
9-volt batteries for the road mic which
is on top of the camera brilliant that's
that's done I'm also actually well I'm
here just going to take out one of these
batteries actually I'm going to take out
two of them and then up two of these
batteries in my hand luggage just in
case this camera feels like it wants to
run out while I'm travelling so
hopefully that's that sorted cool that's
that one and then in here this one is a
little bit manic and all and all
squished together and this freaking
opening I've put this in here got a mini
tripod we've got the anchored USB
charger thing we've got the projector
we've got the a7s battery charger
we've got again have named everything so
I'm noticing the pull out I know what it
is and here I've also got a card reader
in case the card reader on my Mac
decides to fail you've got your
competent repaired so that's about there
and I've got an Ethernet cable and an
Ethernet adapter where is it
you can adapter for the Mac what is this
charging cable for the anchor battery
pack in the bag and the remote for the
projector pretty much is undone all of
my packing
there you go spray liyan
yeah there you go sweating now took me a
while three minutes apparently and
that's one taking they go that's also
done as well now for travel insurance so
if I ever lose anything I can prove that
this is what I've taken we're going to
we're currently trying to Australian the
drone up put loads of like oh not really
Australian theme just more of and just
more of something cool Australia's cool
innit it's just a cool place two and a
half hours later are you ready for this
bags under my eyes have recorded a few
videos for the main channel and if I
can't upload on the vlog channel I've
recorded all those videos tonight it's
like half two in the morning I've got to
be up at 6:00 I need to get to bed but
look at this guy's this is insane
thanks Mia drone is looking swaggy I am
looking tired I need to get to bed guys
you've enjoyed today's video I'm ready
to go tomorrow morning this is it
- relax you guys have been awesome
stills and Pete smiling I'll catch you
in tomorrow's video oh my girl we're
going can't believe it adios
Oh
