it's finally here one two three I'm
gonna help the gym have a shower and
then I'm gonna sit down and unbox this
stuff this is cool
morning guys welcome back to another
vlog my name is of course Alex and
welcome back as I told you guys we've we
haven't done one of these videos in a
while where we sit down and open boxing
if you're if you were a longtime viewer
of my vlog channel you'll know that
every other day I used to have something
arriving either at the office or here
and used to sit and unbox it cause like
I reached out to little Chinese
companies and I was like guys just send
me all the crap that you want and will
unbox it on these stuff on the vlog and
we did that you guys really enjoyed it
and that's sort of phased for me a
little bit out of this doctor you know
what right unboxing things is really fun
but like I've told you guys before too
much of anything is bad for you I got
bored of unboxing boxes but I've ordered
some cool stuff so let's open it now to
our sheer disappointment my vlogging
knife broke which is a massive shame
because one of you guys one of my
awesome subscribers sent it to me in the
peer box and it broke which is a major
shame so I need to get a new unboxing
knife for now I'm just gonna have to use
a boring old kitchen knife to get inside
of these bad boys package number one
it's a Philips u LED strip cool package
number two is a Philips you bulb you
guys should be note should be knowing
what these are for soon as I told you in
yesterday's vlog and last but not least
package no mater three this is literally
just because of you right just because I
really believe that I owe you guys good
videos whilst I'm in Australia and to
make to make the videos I'm gonna need a
good a good laptop to make those videos
on so I bought the 15 inch Mac this is
literally just for a while I'm away so I
can make and edit videos for you guys
because I don't have a laptop is
powerful enough that's like small and
light to take so I bought this laptop
and as soon as I get back to the UK and
probably just gonna sell it I bought it
secondhand we're gonna say I'm not gonna
be keeping it but this is literally just
so I can edit my videos for you guys
whilst um away does it have power
obviously not oh no it does hello it was
not turning on it's been doing that for
the last minute and a half nice
and this is for the fur there
there we go so now I should be able to
say turn off the stone lamp
okay okay Siri turn on the stone lamp
there hey works wicked and we got some
LEDs as well now this if I can pull this
off this should look super duper super
wicked if I can pull it off
oh wow wow wow wow oh my days that's
wicked right right okay that is sick
looks even better than what I thought it
would do I'm stoked this thing just
looks like the bomb like it just is just
so cool how the wood lights up and then
the cut Wow I'm happy
guys we win if we team together me and
you me and you guys and switch ideas we
make the best things this this is cool
and I'm happy you see this here this is
my mum's car
this is my grandma's house my mum has
come to my grandma's house so I can come
to my grandma's house say bye bye to my
grandma and granddad and my mum at the
same time before I jet off to Australia
hello yeah thank you - Oh a selfie with
my mom and my grandma we're both doing
it but mine's gonna vlog instead
grandma's tiny why should the behind the
biggest one here lipstick yeah see you
soon
yeah I'll Skype you but make sure
everything's working and BYE MOM
yeah well you're gonna cry aren't you
yeah yeah a plain double cheeseburger
please just a very quick stop of at the
office this has arrived I don't know
what this is so I'll open that first I
need some food because I've eaten
anything all day and a major rush today
because tomorrow's my last day in
England before I go so I'm resorting to
fast food annoying because I went to the
gym today I'm trying to be healthy but I
just don't have time to cook anything
good another thing right like what where
is there right imagine if you made
something that was fast food that was
open 24/7 that was really good for you
like it would be a major competition to
McDonald's and I'm surprised no one's
made it like it was like about it was
like instead of it like being fast-food
it was known for being really healthy
and tasting really good imagine that
it's a gold mine honestly trust me on
that right I'm gonna eat this I think
I'm addicted a little bit like I'm
addicted to Pokemon go I've never played
Pokemon in my entire life before like
never played it never been interested in
it before Pokemon go I wouldn't even
know what any of the pokemons names were
like I just wasn't interest
Pokemon Pokemon go comes about literally
I'm on my phone all the time my battery
on my phone is dead live all the time
look I like that one it's a
remote-controlled car now still I
promised you guys I promised you and I
don't go back on my promises I promise
you guys that I was going to make two
videos pre-record two videos for the
vlog channel that I would use if I
couldn't upload whilst I'm away let's
say for a day that I don't have internet
or something so those two videos are
gonna be about how I record my vlogs and
another one about how I edit them the
two most requested questions I always
get so I'm gonna go home and get these
videos recorded so I need the asic 300
cuz obviously I'm going to be showing
this camera I'm gonna record it with
this camera right
nope it's dead
oh it's not it's alive cool
not that they're even gonna read this
but maybe it might knock some sense into
someone not to throw my inspire box
about when it's in the hold I hope and
pray to God it doesn't end up in the
same stay as it did when I traveled to
Spain bear in mind that's a three hour
flight this is like a 24 hour flight
this needs to be in one piece when I get
there I'm also gonna write on my
business phone number just here so if it
gets lost people know where to contact
this hairs on Facebook this is my mom
that's my grandma that's me you guys
know that that photo was taken whilst I
was vlogging but it's sort something out
listen to this now if I shake you guys
we're all good this is the bag of which
I'm taking to Australia it's fairly
large it has wheels hopefully that will
be big enough right it's currently half
past ten half past ten I'm gonna go and
get these other videos recorded so I'm
going to cut this vlog short here we are
almost ready to go guys almost ready and
it's becoming so surreal that we're
leaving but it's gonna be so cool and I
cannot wait for the first day it was
good
the aeroplane - Australia - Ben Alex you
guys have been awesome drop a like
rating if you're looking forward to
Australia and I'll see you in tomorrow's
vlog yes
