but instead I've got a lump and change
as well
oh yeah so anyway I said we need a mate
that's fine going home apparently a
basically like that mate I'll sort it
out there you know what I quite like
that well we're going to go for a game
of golf but it looks like it's literally
just started to pour out great start to
a Monday is that you're scared for a
full game of golf I think we're just
gonna hit the driving range smash a few
balls down use a bit of energy and then
if the rain clears off then we'll have
nine holes car equals fill volts equal
putting range I mean driving range low
all finished up now at the driving range
five Toby well last time I'm gonna be
seeing Toby until I come back from
Australia the number of people I've said
by T now is slowly going down
who is coming surreal right now this is
strange this is strange
well a fashion you don't estimated oh
good for that Robin okay man to
congratulate yet on passing his driving
test but turns out he's coming back with
me anyway so that's fine
yeah grandparents AJ thank you very much
Kirk return pages okay
look Jessica I can't
I didn't run hands we go hey Dwight
yeah yeah you got coffin sunshine sax
mind you are the top level of lockers in
the whole world right so they do press
for Leonardo DiCaprio they do press for
business meeting with cutie over and
done with
we need to get the sofa downstairs and
put up my new table into the room
hopefully look awesome
all right we're done service in the
garage now I've got to take this
upstairs nice and this you felt like
yeah yeah so I do take that I'll take
this
yeah cool this may be of assistance
cables in looks awesome
more on that later we need to go hurry
up
yes
you
I've ordered some things hopefully going
to help me for my trip to Australia and
I've never thought I've never ever
thought of investing in something so
stupid right because I always delete my
clips after I finished with them what's
ugly in 12 minute where's bed it didn't
and finish with my clips oh they'll eat
them don't store them anywhere I've
never thought to invest in a portable
hard drive and I just haven't invested
in one ever ever it's not that stupid
but what if ever is the time to get one
it's now because we're going to
Australia and probably all the clips
that I shoot whilst I'm in Australia I'm
going to want to keep so I bought this
been a big cash and bought this 480
gigabyte SSD external SSD so I can bring
all my stuff back and it's a lot smaller
than I thought I sook you see that
that's fine I've been waiting or not
oh wow
oh wow tiny it's like an old baby
someone in the pa box M it is really
old-fashioned camera it looks really
really really cool and they've said we
need to put it in the office so I'm not
really sure where to put it there's all
this here which looks awesome because we
have an old Canon camera like these
things pretty much look identical I
always put it over there for now and
then I'll find a better place for it
when I get back from Australia and those
lights that my mom gave me I'm not sure
what I'm going to do with them but they
look really cool might use them in one
of the tech flow sets but they're like
they're really cool you fill all of
these with lights and then you can have
them by either side about two of them
I'm not sure what to put with them I'd
appreciate it you guys have somewhere to
put where to put them with Capone but uh
pretty cool aren't they right everybody
a quick stop in the office to pick up my
hard drive let's go
so right I'm going to give you a tour
through the new table because we've done
so much preparation to this I've almost
killed myself
you guys have told me I'm gonna kill
myself this is the new table say hello
we've got made my dad we've got my
granddad and we've got a club the Murray
game it's pretty second turn the lamps
sick as well let's talk about that next
so this is the lump as you can see it's
not lumped up yet because it out of a
bulb I've ordered the Philips u-bolt so
that should be coming tomorrow we're
gonna put that in and I've also ordered
a Philips you LED stick strip
I can speak smooth that's going to be
going under here thanks Jeff for the
idea but as you can see Jen birds around
here slow Oh what's this where's the
cable for the lump
oh yeah there's loads of slits in the
table so what I thought I'd do is take
the plug apart as you guys saw earlier
and then there's a switch goes on the
back end connection to the plug socket
webb's your auntie Fanny's your aunt
console table yes but other I'm going to
call this like this is this is getting
an issue now don't and I've got guns and
emojis and and lever uncharted
books look at that it's pretty cool in
it seen Toby nailed on the head seem Jed
nailed on the head table installed nail
on the head lamp installed nail on the
head preparing myself for Australia with
the portable hard drive nail on the head
lights ordered bulbs ordered for the new
lump nail on the head well sort them
today that's it
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding we're doing well we're doing things
as those well pearbook stuff I need to
pick up the Pierre box tomorrow cool
right let's take it to the train station
all right you are I'm going I'm going
you're going I'm not gonna see you for
ages it's a sad time but you borrowed my
pants for telling me I said don't break
it don't break it
I'm playing play a large UTA and enjoy
it oh good lad enjoy your trip I will
and I'll see ya
God knows how long too long too long too
long no cry don't cry just just leave
slowly and surely the funny thing is
whenever I talk the lights in my car
change am I losing my voice the lights
in my car change color
wait hey guys what's going on my name is
Alex and this is a another vlog
okay I've now got two more days left in
England before I go for a month two more
days it's sitting in but I'm actually
going and to be honest I'm feeling a lot
better about it like I really am before
I was a little bit worried that
everything was going to get Paes up and
I don't I don't know I was really
genuinely worried about it now just got
to face the fact that I'm going we're
all going together and it's gonna be
wicked just couldn't know we're on to
Maria's house because I'm trying to
spend the last few nights that I'm here
like with with her to feel like I owe
without seen as I'm leaving it from them
right
