Sunday just spin it to Grandma's house
to have some Sunday lunch to see it
before I go to Australia really nice
date today actually really nice day
today really sunny let's be positive
thanks for lunch grandma thank you for
send a lunch come I appreciate it yes I
will take care in Australia I'll text
you often here's my mother like but I
call Sunday lunch at Grandma's now
finished off to Jordans to help him
install some LEDs into his car yo man
what are you doing at Burger King may
fly Alex I'm swimming in a lake
yeah that's why my shirts not on he went
swimming in the lake again yeah it was
fun do you enjoy it yeah I'm thirsty now
so I went to get a drink to be fair the
weather is a little bit harder today so
get the pants where are they
so here's the current deal George was
very impressed with the LEDs so we're
going to try and replicate the same
thing in jords car identical to mine
with the hidden lights hitting cables
and it just looks really aesthetically
pleasing this is Joe's little whip
it's called Chloe carbon fiber dirt here
got his stickers as you can see inside
the car but it says got base that's LED
Chloe up shall we
let's getting this whip here are you got
your LEDs down there already may I'm
liking it so this is the bit I didn't
show you guys when I was installing the
LEDs into my car because let's be honest
if it didn't work it would've been a
little bit embarrassing but it's working
here so I can actually show you what
we've done we take out the cigarette
lighter you can see that we've wired up
this positive and negative cable which
is then gonna lead to these two cables
down here and connect to the end of the
cigarette lighter for the light so
therefore it's wired up to the back of
the cigarette lighter so you don't have
this big black thing shoved in there in
a non-sexual way possible LED strip
George you're happy very happy very
happy right jet mate I'll catch you soon
all right right make your phone holiday
soon as well ah yeah right mate I'm not
gonna see until I get back from
Australia so I'll catch you soon thanks
Dale cheers mate
Hey
sundays are just those days where you
have those certain jobs to do but
they're jobs that like you can live
without there's other things that
prioritize those jobs but when you have
some little spare time left on your
sunday you get those certain jobs done
and that's what I'm doing this Sunday I
told to Australia in less than five days
and I need to do some travel hacks
before I go a travel hack according to
urban dictionary is a clever solution
for a travel related problem and
apparently the most popular one is
rolling your clothes to fit more in your
suitcase that's the most popular travel
hack I'm going to focusing more on
technology travel hacks as far as sound
and charging goes we're going to
Australia in less than five days and I
need to get this sorted by the way to
beat a plane Pokemon go he's up his tip
I need to get I just need to download it
right travel hacks right so the first
one I want to cover is sound and I'm
trying to take when I go to Australia is
a minimal stuff as possible but the main
thing is I love music I need some
speakers so this is the Bose Soundlink
mini one of the best portable speakers
you can buy for the money in my opinion
but you can't charge it by micro USB
therefore you need to take the
proprietary adapter this is off the
board I'm not taking it gotta carry more
things that's a note I've got three
other options here and I need to test
out what's the best we've got the anchor
sound or we've got the anchor sound core
in a black box which I'm assuming it's
just better and we've got an anchor
premium stereo Bluetooth speaker we've
seen the sound cord before this is what
ested out
the video is pretty much waterproof in
every direction possible smash it about
and it still works
you've got the normal sound core which
I've totally forgot what this thing
looks like it's just a little a little
blue speaker which looks you know what
it looks fairly good but I do like my
music loud so I think we've got this
yeah this this is the big bad wolf oh my
god it comes in a case the single school
man and you can charge it by micro USB
win-win let's turn it on
I'll do right that sound taking care of
the anchor sound called premium
bluetooth speaker charges by USB and
it's loud so that's that sorted do you
guys want to pick up one of these I'll
put a link in the description by the way
I'm not sponsored by anchor in any way
yes pretty much and every other frickin
blog they send me stuff that's just
because I'm collect to send me stuff you
know what they sent me stuff if I like
it I say I like it if I don't like it I
said I don't like it they don't pay me
to say anything they just send me things
and I say what I want I like it it's
decent does the job charge by USB I'm
taking it with me
this looks cool but it's not probably
not gonna be loud enough for what I want
so I'm just gonna leave it here you see
these things right these are brilliant
wherever you go in the world you can
adapt whatever plug you won to pretty
much whatever plug you want they are
insane and I recommend anyone get one
all of you get one anyone get one and
pick this one up on Amazon for like a
fiber and pretty much wherever you go
you're going to have power but you've
only got one of them so instead of just
buying a load of these buy one of these
buy one of these connect them together
adapt your plug and boom but there's
still some more trouble hacks we need to
do to this because this is ridiculous
hmm
Travel hack to complete now much better
idea will be to buy one of these with
some built-in USB ports that is the
thing you can buy them but I don't have
one which is really annoying but what I
can now do is plug this into here and
then I have four UK sockets and I can
adapt it to pretty much any plug that I
want to around the world brilliant
now it's USB time I've got two options
there's this little bad boy which is
well you just plug it in and it gives
you two USB ports short sweet simple
jobs are good and book this this is even
better what you do is you plug this in
here you plug that in there
right you get but topes it you get four
USB ports and a USB C port to charge
let's say a MacBook or a a battery pack
with the USB C port but the only problem
with this is I don't even carry this of
cable
right so instead of using this long
cable
luckily anchor don't like build it
straight in you can use your own cable
so look at this short one lying around
suppose you can buy them on eBay
it is a hair tie and we could tie this
around that like an elastic band and
then Bob should auntie or uncle ever you
want to say you plug that in there and
then there you go
ultimate travel hack I'm sorry from
Australia now I'm not worried anymore
that's fine let's go home it's cool been
watching a load of Pokemon go videos
trying to figure this thing out
just got it on my phone I've learned
played Pokemon before something I'm
trying to figure it out Toby's teaching
me so I'm gonna be playing that all day
tomorrow as well smash the dominoes
tough past two in the morning now I just
made myself a coffee because I've got
some work to do
I'm just come into my cupboard because I
know Toby's trying to get some sleep and
I don't want to keep him awake with me
rambling on but there's a famous quote
that says live this as a rule to live by
too much of anything is bad and it's a
hundred percent true that can mean
absolutely anything so for me it's a
camera
I do way too much camera work and I'm
not saying I don't enjoy it I love every
single second of it I met YouTube videos
everyday I have two other channels
another channel called tech phone
another channel called Mars bar so I'll
do videos every day on this channel
every day on this channel and then I've
got to do another video on Mars bar
which are try and do every week but I'm
sort of failing to do at the moment and
I have another channel called Tech flow
as to which I'm going to Australia in
the next sort of week or so for a month
and I'm bringing you guys with me
obviously but I've had to pre-record a
video every week for tech flow and me
and my Jed Ãªtre I've been working on
that for like the last two weeks when I
get videos ready and it's like so much
camera work and then on top of that I've
got client work to do after I end this
vlog in about two minutes I'm gonna go
and sit down and edit a client video you
guys know I went to Spain like a month
ago and I was working out there with a
client I've got two
his video tonight is his voiceover guy
finally sent him the voiceover and I
need to add that to the video I've made
for him my life revolves around camera
work and it's nice to have these little
pockets of time like when Toby comes
over so he can sit there and play some
games and I don't have to think about
work I don't have to think about my
camera stuff and I can just relax and
I'm not saying that like this camera
stuff is like hard work for me because I
love doing this but it goes with
anything even if it's something awesome
too much of it is bad for you but anyway
guys I'm gonna drop today's episode here
you've enjoyed my lazy ass Sunday doing
my travel hacks and doing a few bits and
bobs around my room but nevertheless
hope you guys are okay my husband Alex
you guys been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll catch you in my next
video
ready adios
Oh
