good afternoon guys how are y'all doing
started this blog a little bit later
than usual therefore hence me saying
good afternoon to you all it's currently
Saturday
check out the LEDs in the card even if
you can see them so bright outside but
yeah welcome guys to another vlog I'm on
my way to my friend Jordan's house right
now and my friend Elliot is also gonna
be there and I think we've got some lots
of stuff planned right but it involves
getting a bit wet I think and water and
also guys that Maria was at my house
last night and we were well going
through the peer box I was hoping a load
of peer box letters because you guys
know I do the main peer box videos on
the main channel worried open the big
boxes that people send me in the peer
box I also get a lot of little letters
as well and I like to open those off
camera and see what people say and
honestly I was tears would drawn last
night from my eyeballs because some
other stuff you guys say like some of
the stuff you guys do the fact that
someone that doesn't even know me
personally right it's never met me
personally goes out buys me a birthday
card puts 10 pounds in that birthday
card says how much I inspire them and
asks for nothing back in return and
sends me a birthday card saying happy
birthday to my Pierre box the fact that
someone has done that and numerous
people did that let me stop the car for
a second because that is phenomenal
what that is insanity
what's going on what's going on today
then I'm still very confused as to what
we're doing
you've got a brick attached to a boy
yeah okay and a blow and a boat and a
pen a hand pump but it turns out over
here that we've guards in the boot but
that means that the backseats have to be
down which means that we're gonna take
two cars to the three of us oh yeah you
okay there mate we're doing
you're gonna hurt myself
oceans you can upgrade that's brick at
me aren't ya how many people can go in
it like two four five six yeah run and
jump into it Jordan thinking George you
got little bit of an audience going on
here so you can't mess up put push it
push yourself off the edge I'm gonna be
like one of them you know so we've had a
bit of a predicament Elliott's out there
right he jumped into the boat and forgot
to take the oil with him I've got the
inspire up so we're gonna have to have
people go out and take the ore to him
he's just slowly drifting away what is
going on here
now what we're doing though jump into it
let's just put your own in the air what
should I do
die but I feel like where I'm going to
move this drone
got my go prize little case I've got a
drone following me up there how cute is
this how wicked
Wow too late George you gonna go
together mate George you can also go and
get that what you now likes going at it
yeah go on lads
jiae's will sick day dude really
appreciate it man and I'll have a good
holiday next week and yeah I'm going to
extremely a man so I'm not going to see
you for ages
yeah yeah well do something afterwards
yeah so I'll catch you soon mate cheers
mr. day pretty mate thank you guys thank
you very much LM going into curries
because they all know me in there and
they're all saying have a good time in
Australia and how things go in I want
people that are friendly you know I mean
that just like ask how are you doing and
it's just a now it makes the world a
better place
cool I've been to my clients house bin
and play with Elliot when in the water
with Jordan play with some drones and
did some other cool stuff productive
Saturday so far really enjoying it the
other day in one of my vlogs I actually
asked you guys I said guys what do you
think as humans we should do should we
put ourselves first or put other people
first and there wasn't a mixed response
from you guys at all all of you said
look after yourself first which is what
I thought you would say it is what I
think people should do but I struggle to
do that I really really really struggle
to put myself before other people but
the last few days I have been doing it
and I've noticed a few benefits like
quite a few but one of the major ones is
people respect you more people respect
you more if you look after yourselves
instead of others and I've been trying
to think about why and I've come to this
conclusion I think is because if you put
yourself first before others you know
everyone's fine but if you put other
people first before yourself and people
realise that they start to take
advantage with you and they lose respect
for you but if you put yourself first
people have respect for you and that's
the conclusion I came to but guys let me
know in the comment section down below
I'm trying to figure all this stuff out
in my head yeah let me know I've gotta
go to a party over the road tonight and
I'm gonna take my dragon over there and
fly over it should be fun bye neat way
for it to get dark
okay guys I've just got back from this
garden party of which I was filming at
it is now almost half past twelve at
midnight quite late for me on Wednesday
a weekend of uh get up tomorrow want my
noon tomorrow we don't have much to do
tomorrow guys so that's good but we were
really busy the last few days doing some
friends making awesome videos so I hope
all of you have enjoyed it falling in
the water today wasn't what I had
planned it was really cold but
nevertheless I hope you guys enjoyed it
- Ben Alex you guys have been awesome
tomorrow I'll share some of my filming
tips with you of how its filming this
party tonight as well as having a few
drinks at the same time knowing how to
mix work with play and ultimately having
an awesome time doing so but anyway for
now - when I liked you guys been awesome
stay awesome keep smiling and I'll catch
you in my next video adios guys
