perfectly normal morning everything
going fine Jim session finished all
showered up already sun shining really
really really positive put on my nice
new Jack quills jeans which if you don't
know Jack wheels is a make here I'm sure
jack will says worldwide isn't it and I
don't if you can tell but by my youtube
videos I really really don't really care
that much for fashion I just like to
have the odd nice shirt and the odd nice
pair of jeans so I bought myself some
jet wheels jeans went to pull them up
this morning and I've been through yet
after are we in some much-needed grub
and it's going to see if I can get these
repaired that's so annoying
just finished up dinner and I'm on that
pre record hypeeee I need to get to a
peer box video pre-recorded for when I'm
in Australia still got a few boxes to
open and I'm gonna go pick up the peer
box next week and do another video just
before I leave to go to Australia
yeah just finish the peer box opening
guys I gotta send this like this Chile
bad thing
I couldn't inflate it a sausage it seems
like a really cool concept but I just it
try and get my head round getting this
thing to work right now I'll finish the
peer box opening I need to take these
jeans to the place where they're gonna
get fixed
keep your posture go in the building
where my office is is another company in
there that's currently doing and some
sort of charity charity thing where
they're outside on bikes for think 12
hours and each one of the staff has like
two hours on the bikes and the people
outside holding buckets I just like to
see people getting together and doing
nice things and trying to raise a bit of
money for a certain cause and just like
the tonight like the togetherness of it
all I just think it's really good to got
music playing brilliant thank you very
much the only thing that annoys me hey
Jacob all right turns out my brother
came to visit me in the office yeah the
only thing that annoys me about it
is that I was speaking to the people
that are biking and the pick the guy
that's holding the bucket and they said
someone came and complained about how
loud the music was like for God's sake
man Wow what the doing for charity and
someone complains about how loud the
music is like tell me if I'm wrong but
our people just right
something came in the post this morning
and if I can pull this off it's gonna
look awesome let me show you what I mean
but first I need to go home
so the other day I was kissing out
online a brand new Range Rover don't ask
me why but I did it and it came to the
customization options right and there
was a customization option that was
internal mood LED lighting and it was an
extra five hundred pounds to get this
installed so I did a little bit of
research to try and find out what I'm
paying five hundred pounds for when you
customize a Range Rover to get some
internal mood lighting and pretty much
for five hundred pounds all you're
getting is some LEDs round the door
handles and underneath the seats and
underneath where your feet go in the
footwell in the car and a few little
LEDs and bits here and you can change
the color of them via the touch
interface five hundred and like 20
pounds for these extra little LEDs right
so I thought I reckon I can keep my car
out which is a mini 1d and I know it's a
mini it's nothing against the Range
Rover I thought I can keep I bet I can
keep my car out with LEDs for like a
tenner so it did some research and
that's what I'm gonna do today hopefully
it works I managed to find these bad
boys on eBay and they come with this
little remote right so you can change
the color and stuff of the LEDs and
pretty much you plug this into your
cigarette lighter right and it has this
little box and it can also the LEDs can
also dance to your music which is wicked
so they can react to the music that
you're playing in your car and you get
four LED strips with adhesive on the
back now you probably think it Alex this
is nothing like what you get if you're
paying 500 pounds to get out a Range
Rover because you have to plug it in to
the cigarette lighter you can have
cables everywhere and it's just gonna
look a mess whereas with the Range Rover
it'll all be built in what I'm gonna try
and do is build this into my car and not
use a cigarette lighter I'm gonna wire
this straight up to the battery you
won't see any cables all you'll see is
light hopefully I can do this for a
tenner and if I can make this work I'll
drop a link to our bought these from in
the description and you guys can buy
them if you have cars and do it yourself
come to the loaded cable let's just do
this man
so I'm just taking out my cigarette
lighter down here and I've wired this
speaker cable up to the positive and
negative terminals underneath my
cigarette lighter so as you can see I've
got an iPhone charger in here at the
moment still my iPhone charger is in
there working absolutely fine you can
see it lit up in the cigarette lighter
and this is the positive and negative
live from that cigarette lighter so
theoretically if I get this cigarette
plug here right
there's LED lights look I'll put one of
them there so you guys can see it turn
on if and when it does if we put that
there and that there and turn it on Hey
look at that so all we've got to do
really is connect the negative to the
side terminal of this if I just shove
that through here for now and wrap that
round like that and then connect the
positive to this end up here like this
right and I'll turn this on check it out
that's cool isn't it cover it in
electric tape so it doesn't come out or
lose contact and there you go look
that's covered in electric tape so it's
not going anywhere and then ah wicked
and then this can just hide away in here
there we go all done take them about an
hour and a half to install this thing
without any cable showing at all it's
plugged directly into the cigarette
lighter so there's no visible cigarette
bits showing there's a horrible big
switch and I can still use a cigarette
lighter that's already there and it
already charges my phone so that's fine
that's still gonna work there's no cable
showing all I have is this little remote
here and here down here is a little IR
blaster or receive a rather that picks
up the remote signal I've got one of the
LED strips just here the cable runs
underneath my seat so you can't see that
at all same on the passenger side it's
just there and then the other two are
right above the foot wells I'll try and
show you either side one of them is just
there and the other one is just there
I've got my brother with me I'm
babysitting him tonight so let's close
this door get into here and turn on my
car are you ready for this hopefully if
this works we should see lights in the
footwell and lights down here bear in
mind it's really bright still it's like
mid-afternoon here but let's give it a
go
oh wow okay that's cool so as you can
see there's like mood lighting shining
up onto the bottom of the door that all
of this is purple down by my feet it's
all purple and I've got mood lighting
here as well down the side Range Rover
trying to charge 500 pounds for some
lights and I can change the colour you
ready let's see if this works I don't
know where the remote thing is let's go
to yellow honestly that's not work oh
there we go yellow and this is the bit
what a wide seif actually works if it'll
dance to the music
I'm on my way this is so cool
and the thing is when you're sat in the
actual car itself you can't see any of
the LEDs like you have to get really low
down to be able to see them so mission
accomplished no wires showing no
cigarette lighter showing no actual LED
showing they react to the music I can
change the color and I paid 11 pound 99
instead of what 400 and I know 520 I
think it was on the Range Rover website
to get LEDs installed I'm happy with
that that was cool right maybe okay what
are you doing nothing nothing okay Jacob
if you watch in any film it's gonna be
the Iron Giant the Iron Giant was one of
my favorite kids films when I was a
little kid like you I loved the Iron
Giant it was the same I loved that film
when I was younger
that needs to be follow I think well I
get the concept like state up is going
down baby's going down that didn't mean
to sound sexual I feel like I popped it
you know look at the comes off the door
and it's under that all right so cool or
guys ten pounds
Atena ladies and gentlemen ladies and
gents look at my freaking car I'm
impressed with that like super super
super impressed it's like made my day
that I managed to do that for like a
tenner so we're going to end today's
video here guys but I love you been
saying that I only open like big boxes
in the peer box videos and a lot of you
guys do send me like little bits little
bits of like messages like this and and
I've got some cool birthday cards as
well which is absolutely insane so thank
you for all of that and just letting you
guys know that what I can open now I'm
opening but I can't really open it all
because there is there is a lot of
messages and he took oh I'm going to do
with all of this all of this stuff but
yeah if you ever said anything in the
peer box I'm really really do appreciate
it thank you very much peer box is in
the description of all my videos maybe
we're guys for down boswellox you guys
been awesome stills and keep smiling and
I'll catch you in my next video
