morning guys how you're doing
my name is Alex just arrived this
morning and I have no idea what it is I
don't mean buying anything at Amazon so
anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor
I love the cables and they keep sending
me cables and I love the cables wait a
minute every microUSB cable I own every
lightning cable I own is an anchor cable
like just look at the presentation it's
just like freaking drop-dead gorgeous
oh I'm happy look there's even a baby
one
anyone else think that's cute is that
just my inner girl coming out right
memory are going for some late lunch
this afternoon
just taking some more parcels for you
guys to the post office I'll do so many
giveaways for you guys it's unreal hire
me again
there you go - there thank you very much
okay massive burger consumed Maria
dropped off back at her house now I can
finally go and do manly things because
I'm a man and fun things
you guys you guys you guys always
looking after me and I really really
appreciate it I appreciate it a lot so
let's talk about that but before I talk
about this I need to tell you guys about
the back story so a few vlogs ago I
installed a plug socket down in this
corner of the room and it took me a
while to do it because I've hidden all
the cables it was all in a vlog a few
days ago if you haven't watched it go
check it out if you have watched it then
you'll understand what I'm trying about
and in the comment section of that vlog
and all over my Twitter and all over my
Instagram and direct messages with Alex
you're gonna kill yourself and I'm
thinking what what was going on in what
we're doing wrong and all of you guys
were saying Alex you've only used to
call flex instead of three call flex now
pretty much here in the UK this is a UK
socket that I installed I didn't run an
earth cable with this plug socket and he
goes what Alex you forgot but no I was
well aware that I'm only running to call
flex and the reason I did that is
because three core flex would be far too
thick of a cable to run down my skirting
board so I had to use two core flex now
I know it is dangerous and it's not the
safest thing to do but it works and
number two I'm not gonna be running
anything off these sockets other than a
really really really low powered Philips
hue LED bulb I'm not plugging any
computers or monitors or anything into
this it's gonna be running a single LED
bulb but I know it's not safe so I've
thought of something there's a radiator
right here right next to I'm gonna be
installing the plug socket so what I can
do is I can install an earth cable to
this radiator and that should work as an
earth cable so I'll get that dump when
I've got some spare time but guys I'm
gonna run away although I really
appreciate all of you letting me know my
mistakes and making sure that I don't
kill myself it really means a lot to me
that you guys are saying that sort of
stuff in the comment section and on
Twitter making sure that I'm safe I
really appreciate it as a family on this
YouTube channel we look out for each
other and I like to think of all of us
guys as one big happy massive family and
we all get on and there's no arguing and
really appreciate you guys and really
put a smile on my face like so all of
you saying that so thank you very much I
really appreciate it thanks for all the
support you're all wicked and I love you
that's where I'll say that every vlog
thank you guys so I came in here
yesterday and it was an absolute
monstrosity I've never really looked in
this room with the lights on for a while
but I just thought all of this rubbish
in here is all my just stuff that I just
don't need anymore boxes that I don't
want but kids some boxes that I do want
the stuff that I might want to sell I
need to sort it out and get rid of all
of the rubbish in these rooms today
where's the switch on this thing there
it is I'll totally miss this thing let's
see if it still works oh the
old-fashioned swag way oh wow I haven't
been on one of these in ages oh it's so
much different than the nine bar but you
actually have to instead of leaning side
to side you actually have to go whoa
yeah the ninebot is so much better and
so much more stable that I feel I feel I
feel steadier on this whereas if she
just feels more of a gimmicky toy and I
don't feel safe holding this camera
whilst riding this thing I think I'm
gonna get off this and get back on this
so back last year when swag waves are a
thing this was my little this is my
little selection ninebot sent me the
ninebot some random Chinese company sent
me this massive off-road thing quick
disclaimer that's actually got bluetooth
in it you can connect your phone to it
and play music through it let's see if
it still works successfully
I think successfully means it's
successful till I've got my swag way
it's got bluetooth I feel like a boss
and they don't even have it I don't even
then even go on this oh my god it's just
not a good idea
well other than messing about on segues
mission accomplished
garages a bit tidier need to look into
getting a new projector we've got the
swegway collection going on down there I
can't find the charger for the mono
Rover though but that doesn't really
matter because I can't drive that thing
anyway drive it ride it whatever but as
soon as we get a new projector and sort
this out or you guys tell me otherwise
and you guys say in the comment section
down below
Alex convert the secret room in the
office to like the gaming den and we
move all this stuff around there who
knows I'll leave it up to you guys to
decide what we're gonna do with the
secret room in the office let me know in
the comment section down below guys
my office door is already open and so is
this one
hello huh like how cool would it be if
we could sort of get a screen to come
down in here have a load of consoles a
sofa and you could like sit here and
play games up here I think it would be
really really really goddamn cool so
guys let me know what would you do
oh there if we should actually do
something with that room up there try
and convert it when I get back from
Australia or try and redo my garage at
home and turn that back into the work in
gaming down with the working projector
and try and get it all swagged out and
looking awesome for some more videos on
the main channel I love setting things
to look forward to I think if you set
something to look forward to in the
future
you are a lot happier if you know that
something is coming off in a period of
time in your life and it's coming up and
you're slowly going towards that period
of time slowly crawling towards it and
you've got something to look forward to
I feel like I'm always a lot happier and
obviously I'm going to Australia yes
it's a happy thing now what the hell was
that I mean yeah I'm going to Australia
it's meant to be a happy time but I am a
little bit worried about it because I
might I love being at home and being
with you guys and you know always having
internet and being able to talk to you
guys and going away I don't want to get
disconnected from you guys and I'm not
gonna be anywhere near my office or home
so it's a little bit scary but if we do
something to look forward to for when I
get back from Australia hopefully we'll
have a great time when we're there and
we've got something to look forward to
to do when we get back hopefully you
understand what I'm trying to say
guys you ready for this right watch the
Sun come out the side of this building
here ready
look at this look I'm slowly trying to
build up my smart home arsenal now if
you look on my phone I have a thing
called Zeus which says location stakes
successfully do you want to set a
parking alarm activity detected on your
hallway in this motion at my front door
here we go look the last thing I've
managed to do hey Siri turn off the
lights hey Siri turn on the lights I'm
getting better at this whole smart home
thing I want to be able to control my
whole phone from my no wait what I want
to be able to control my whole house
like my fans and stuff from my phone I
think it was that you're wicked to be
able to do that imagine the blinds going
up and down Wow your blinds just coming
up in the morning at nine o'clock so you
have to get out of bed right guys I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's episode
here I'm gonna do it you've enjoyed it
mine is relics you guys have been
awesome stay loose and keep smiling and
I'll catch you in my next video oh yes
wait a minute but up I have to say
something
no I thought you guys tomorrow about
this okay okay it so cool so cool no
need to worry guys I love all your faces
adios
