take my day today two bags one bag two
bag oh let's go
good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog on the way to the
office got a shower
I've had some food feeling fresh today
feeling productive let's get some work
done about three video to shoot in like
two hours we can do it should be good
let's do it my camera is in the most
scary position right now but let you
guys know just drive at the office
remember some coffee right
we've got like 40 minutes to record
three tech flow videos three tech flow
videos a lot to to record a bear one to
record down here let's just get that
done and then it's done productivity is
key let's go
I almost fell oh my god oh my god that
was amazing
right so we finished recording itself
this is gonna be a problem let me sort
this out
you have your listing these are I take
this and I know I'm always gonna be able
to use a power source it's no-go what
you're right Wow what's up buddy Jed
well they stuck them vlog and you guys
can't hear like two of me speaking when
Joe's trying to it video what what I
feel really good I feel really good
because we've just got stuff done
usually me and Jed right we always have
a good time I was laughing for Scott
we've got a load of inside jokes that
always go on we have that much of a good
time we never really get any proper work
done but when we get ahead nailed down
when we work together and get stuff done
with film three videos for tech flow for
when I go to Australia in like 45
minutes just coming over there editing
them and it just feels so good being
productive because the thing is it's
inhumane to be going at 100% space the
whole time everyone needs a break even
even the hardest workers in the world
could not give it their hundred-percent
all all the time everyone needs a break
everyone is only human and that brings
me on to my next topic I've just seen a
quote online which said you can't pour
from an empty glass that pretty much
means that take care of yourself before
you take over the people because if you
don't take care of yourself your glass
isn't full and you can't pour from an
empty glass take care of yourself before
other people I thought that was really
really cool
what's going on next week
you have to Australia on Thursday yeah
Wednesday yeah Thursday I have to get
buns they have to get I have to get up
Thursday morning at like half 6:00 in
the morning somewhere ridiculous right
so I don't know better see you next week
my team at nobility but we'll have to
pop down for a minute yeah yeah okay
kill now got my sweet editing headphones
yeah you got sweet editing headphones
all set up now
I met Elliot what are you doing mate
nothing it's just a shot of me getting a
shot of you getting what you want of me
that's right Padma well I'll show you
another a tripod yes please I have one
tripod for you Elliot thanks buddy
you are sliders okay you're a slider
right if you lose any of my equipment
wait I'll go I'll be on to you the
slider mate thanks buddy
hey I may say so though I've got it I've
got that in the peer box don't know what
it is I think you put the camera on it
and you can like get some lowdown shots
but I'm not really sure as to what it
actually is so great about being a good
friend you to sort your mates out when
they need equipment and hopefully
finding something they can help me out
back journos washes my car what do you
do for me ever you got me that job last
week
yeah just haven't been paid for yeah all
right guys I need to head so I'll see
you guys this Saturday yeah we don't
this Saturday cool all right see you
guys I've covered the tripod just on the
way now to my grandma's car she's parked
all the way down here she dared drive
all the way up to my house just because
it's like super difficult to get all the
way to my house and she has like a big
listen whoa just like this big Nissen
car thing and it's like huge so I'll
just drive down the ninebot down here
thought I was late but she's not even
here anyway
oh yeah
hello good to you I'm just going for a
quick late birthday slash like me going
to Australia meal with one side of my
family and this is always this
restaurant that we go to called
Antonio's you guys know I broke my foot
right broke my toe
rather ones but with some new Havana's
to take care o have er how does it have
a honor or Havana I've always said in
Havana oh he's happy honors out there
that's embarrassing isn't it
Grandad's in the car now very long
blessing bye guys see you soon thank you
very much
love you too guys see you soon bye bye
awesome birthday meal out with the other
side of my family which is like my mum's
side my mum's mum and dad and my aunty
my cousin and my cousin's girlfriend
they're all a really cool bunch and I
got some cool presents yeah
I've got so much stuff in this garage
it's unbelievable
boxes wise excuse that ticking noise
because the projector up there is broken
but a lot of you guys won't know this
but this is a well the remnants of a
series that I did called building the
ultimate gaming den where we installed a
projector red curtains surround sound
system we've got the Xbox ones over
there and this racing simulator and
loaded boxes of all the stuff and I
can't come in here because the project
is broken and I can't use this room
because the projectors broken that's
just not a nice noise at all is it fun
be quiet fan be quiet now now with a fan
that goddamn freaking expensive yet
expected to have voice commands like
clap your hands and it turns off or
something I can't blog with you on fan
turn off I hate it when you go out for a
meal and your family pay for them to
turn off the music and to play the did a
like the happy birthday like happy
birthday and everyone in the whole
entire restaurant starts singing as
someone brings out a chocolate cake with
those the candles on it and they walk
toward you and everyone's looking at you
and you're like nah man you start to
shrivel up like a shrimp that's what
happened to me tonight I know that you
know in the moment I'm right yeah so
velvetescape
in my head I'm like everyone's looking
at me and I'm like an idiot sort of
thing but yet know is that it was good
seeing that side of the family and and
it was like it's now the sixth and my
birthday was on the second but I still
it's good to see all the family I love
to see them
guys so I've been thinking a lot about
self-improvement really well-read so
guys recently I've been thinking a lot
about like self-improvement and trying
to improve myself and trying to overcome
a mustard problem that I've been facing
and the board recently anyway and that
has been putting other people first now
I want to talk to you guys about this
cuz idols over to get all of your guys
opinions down in the comment section
down below and if you could let me know
what you guys think about what I'm about
to say but like recently or in in like
the majority of my life I've always put
other people first
I've always put other people before me
like I'm more concerned about like the
health of my friends and my family
before me and I thought that was the
right thing to do until people started
to take advantage of that and thought I
was easy and people get around me really
easily
so recently I've been thinking to doing
a bit of research into it and thinking
you know should you put yourself first
should you put yourself first instead of
with the people and everyone I've asked
and said yeah you should put yourself
first
and I saw a quote earlier which I read
out to you guys it was a picture of a
glass and it said if your glass isn't
full you can't pour it out pretty much
meaning if you don't fill yourself up
and look after yourself you can't pull
yourself out to look after other people
and make sure other people are okay and
I'd love to hear what you guys have to
say about that in the comments section
down below what you think because I'm
genuinely interested as to what you guys
think about that and I've been trying to
like take care of myself first you know
ever since I've been starting to go to
the gym about that's when I started to
think about you know I need to take care
of myself a bit more and stop start
putting myself first instead of other
people
what do you guys think about that do you
think it's true or to think you should
put the people first what's your
thoughts let me know in the comments
guys go check this out this is the
driveway down to Maria's house it's
mental right I'm gonna pick her up now
go back to my house spend the rest of
the nights with her just chillin get
this vlog edited with her and then I'll
see you guys tomorrow morning but anyway
guys I can't do that what we've achieved
today bit at the end of the vlogs the
new thing that we're doing because I'm
in the car driving but yeah
Molly's been Alex you guys have been
awesome stay awesome and keep smiling
guys keep smiling and I'll catch you in
my next video I love all you guys so
much likely your little incredible and I
look
you
