good morning guys how are doing my name
is of course Alex and welcome back to
another daily video I was at Maria's
last night and I woke up this morning we
took dub for a walk and now I have come
home because I have some errands that I
need to complete today this is the bag
but I take to my girlfriend's house
right let me show you what tech I take
round there a lot of you have been
interested because you've seen me
packing this bag before right
okay this is what I take round I've got
my laptop
I've got a power bank and coz 20,000
milliamps assorted cables lightning
cables mic USB cables toiletry bag one
Wi-Fi to my five Wi-Fi extender Wi-Fi
extender portable projector a7s battery
bose soundlink mini Bose headphones and
my car keys this is what I need to do
YouTube and edit videos wherever I am
crazy right whereas a few things that I
need to get done today one of them is
gonna take up a large portion of my time
and I think it's probably the only thing
I'm gonna be able to get done and that
involves me going to home base so let's
go
welcome back to home base I like it's
never been here before when our vlog
before literally here all the time right
I know what I need I have no idea as to
where it will be my knowledge of home
base it's down here I got it all 10
meters be enough and I've asked for this
really I've asked for it I knew it was
gonna happen but still did it right I'm
gonna be heal like tomorrow and the next
day cuz I can feel it already
Maria has been super ill like this last
day right I went around to see her last
night right and she was super ill and I
felt really sorry for it so I stayed
over to look after her
and now I've just caught what she has
and now like my throat tomorrow she's
gonna be absolutely killing me I've got
a headache coming on now I knew it was
gonna happen I still
right cool the main job of today has
been done pretty much let me explain to
you what I've actually done so in a vlog
a few days ago I explained to you guys
that I'm getting a console table to put
here in replace of this sofa on that I'm
gonna put the record player and I've
also ordered a lamp to put on the
console table but there's no power
whatsoever in this corner so I have to
go and buy some power cable by a double
socket by a plug join it all together
hide it behind the carpet plug it in
over there run it down here behind the
carpet so you can't see any cables note
down that's the most important bit can't
see any cables I didn't want anything
visible
I don't want cables no no no no no and
then it just comes out here so when the
console table comes next week on Monday
I'll be able to put my lamp on it
Bob's your auntie or uncle whoever it'll
work so you probably think a nice way to
do that when the console table arrives
why doing it now a week before and well
that's the thing next week I'm going to
Australia so yeah I'm trying to get
things done everything's stressful at
the moment and I'm stressing out and
needs to calm down right jets coming I
need to go pick him up
pigs are the packages and the package
which package your package but all you
guys are taking the mickey out of me
because you thought I was over
exaggerating when I said Poncho's were
literally the best thing since bread was
sliced at one time by Jesus Christ this
is going to demonstrate to you how happy
a poncho can make you if you have one in
real life
ready a few moments later
you have enough in a punch at you come
up with an archer and happy and
apologize
whenever you feeling sad just get
yourself a sombrero put your punch one
is a poncho sombrero combo you're loving
literally be loving it
it's very strong but swine eat some
dying slowly getting worse
turns out Jed's the same as well he's
dying to mostly cold there but at the
moment you know you you you have the
Cointreau for now I put the poncho on
myself buddy the punk show us now but
I'll give it about three seconds may let
me blow your mind for a second you know
your self bagels yeah we absolutely love
bagels correct yeah right have you ever
found out we're gonna say yes but I'd
demodex there's a bagel button on the
toaster and I've never used it before
what you think it does that's very good
I think like what like what is it gonna
do differently I don't have another one
right I've got the top quotes here on my
phone that you guys left we need to fill
out few more quotes on here right I've
read you the top ones that I saw which
had the most thumbs up you ready for
this be somebody that makes everybody
feel like a somebody don't wait for the
perfect moment take that moment and make
it perfect and the last one being life
is 10% what happens to us a 90% how we
react to it we need to get these up on
the board write all the quotes are on
the board I put some other stuff on that
as well like my goals and aspirations
and stuff but I just like general life
guidelines now I'm gonna open this
parcel from the Pierre box intrigued me
a little what I don't know what it is
I've got a little more Stephanie to open
as well but I like to treat you guys to
the vlog channel now and again whoa the
M logo and it's a little hammy thing
which I can't seem to get to work there
we go
cool hi there this is lava tech gaming
God you guys come up with some
interesting names I suppose I can talk
I'm called Mars bar for Christ's sake
got my favorite YouTube you have
inspired me to start YouTube and I have
my own channel called lava take gaming I
really like your new office so I made
you a logo
thank you keep up the good work well
dude thank you very much
probably guys I'm gonna end today
Blagh here but first off we did a brand
new thing the counter right Walker done
today and still the plug socket we have
well super done done the inspirational
bored walk the dog with Mia had a good
time and picked up Jen from the train
station in preparation for the videos
that we need to work hard on tomorrow I
need to get some sleep and get ready for
that my husband Alex you guys have been
awesome snails and keep smiling I'll
catch you in tomorrow's vlog adios
