there they are
is it the same in other people's houses
where you just can never find the shoes
that you want to wear oh it's so
annoying good morning guys how we all
doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another daily vlog the Sun is
absolutely gorgeous today car why are
you making that noise I just need to
drop this parcel off at the post office
it's an absolutely gorgeous day today
and I was thinking about something last
night I don't know why I was thinking
about this but I want you guys to let me
know who sits down and enjoy is my vlogs
or any vlog or any YouTube video for
that matter with food
I always think each of videos are better
with food
there you go he's making far too much
noise all I want to do is vlog yeah I
want to ask you guys do you enjoy
YouTube videos with food because I do if
I'm watching youtube videos I always
need to have food haha Jordan's got his
loader plates on bless him so this is
Joe's car washing shed it has all of his
products in here you guys haven't seen
my latest vlogs and stuff you know that
Joss is the car washing genius and what
we should watch the new addition to your
and to your car clean and set well I
bought some beer dropping white so after
you've washed your car and a bird
decides to take a massive dump on it you
can just wipe it off way that's exactly
what you need good that innit yeah it's
really cool Emperor
he's gonna wash mine today so let's get
him in slow motion
you
there we go there we go all clean
looking gorgeous look at the rims though
I'm happy birds mate thanks for the look
very very welcome I appreciate it
if anyone else wants their car wash you
hit you open your DM jot your DM slide
into the DM
these things are so much fun that's fun
just stopped off at the diner for some
milkshakes think I'm going to go for the
cookies and cream you get coke as well
yeah yeah mom finished up at Medina
milkshake was on points spinning round
spinning round right George known for
the airbrush to mate take it easy dude
thank you so you may take nice light by
the way it's cool in it something has
some cool geezer installed that for me I
bet it was a rat dick actually wasn't it
right I'll I'm gay right
seen a bit mate without dignified exit I
don't know if you can tell what my hair
looks a little different today that is
because I've run out of gel all right I
need to be honest with you guys real
quick let me sell this camera so a few
vlogs ago I think it was almost a week
ago I told you guys that I wasn't going
to be attending any insomnia events now
here's where things get a little bit
interesting meeting the guy that ran the
event of sort yourselves out we've had a
little bit of a conversation and now I'm
going to be attending the events for you
guys I'm gonna be attending them however
I'm not attending insomnia 58 I'm going
to be attending insomnia 59 which is the
next event you don't understand it
pretty much the insomnia series goes 1 2
3 4 up to 55 56 57 58 59 you get the
point there's been like 59 event the 26
for 29th of August this year and 59 is
on the 9th to the 12th of December 9th
to the 12th of December is insomnia at
59 I'm going to be attending that event
to see you guys cool now you guys are
informed and everything's fine if you
want to meet me don't know why you would
but I'm gonna be at insomnia 59
that's right dude just may thank very
much it Cheers hmm this is a fan a fan
that costs like 300 pounds
who would pay 300 pounds for a fan not
me because I got it hot price so I'm
gonna test it out and see if it's any
good
of course you know in the 21st century
where we are now you can't just buy a
fan and not have it connect to your
freakin smartphone what's the point well
I guess we're gonna find out okay okay
okay okay my phone is currently
connecting to the Wi-Fi careful Jacob
don't put don't put your head in there
makes it will chop it off it's got
blades it's a fan put you don't put your
hands or it will chop your hand off go
on a day to put yam through as you guys
are very well aware there was a lot of
alcohol consumed over the weekend for my
birthday therefore I haven't been in the
gym for the last two days that's fine
though I'll cut myself the exception it
was my birthday but we can't take our
foot off the gas I need to go in the gym
but first let me show you what this
stupid app does for this stupid fan
pretty much what you can do is wherever
you are if you're on 3G or out the house
you can turn on the fan on and then well
it's coming on you can set like sleep
timers and tell it to oscillate and
oscillate pretty much means move so I
decide to now as you can see it's slowly
turning and it's also got an air
purifier built-in so if you click on
this it will tell you over time how good
the air quality is in your room but
obviously I've only had it for like five
minutes so it's not going to tell me
anything if you thinking of buying one I
definitely wouldn't spend all the money
they are on them they are not worth the
in price but if you can do what I did
and get a deal where I got it for half
price then it's alright you know what
it's a fan it's a glorified fan those
does the job all finished up now in the
gym I've got one of my new t-shirts on
it's from eleven degrees I got it from
my dad from my birthday I absolutely
love 11Â° stuff not sponsored by them in
any way
I just always wear them and I love them
and I really like that like the feel of
them in a thickness shirt is very nice
little bit too summery for this sort of
weather but nevertheless I still like
these shirts cool right I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog right here
guys I hope you've enjoyed and there's a
new thing that I want to start bringing
to these vlogs I'm trying to get them as
best I can
and that new thing is the achievement
counter in these vlogs I want to try my
best to achieve stuff so when I'm doing
my ending sequence to these vlogs or
like right guys I'm going to wrap up
today's vlog here what we're gonna do is
when account through what we've done
today that sounds like cool or
productive or positive or made us smile
so should we do one today and we're
going to make the ding noise every time
we do something productive we can do
this the end of every vlog if I remember
so what have we done today we've washed
the car we've been to the gym we've
played on the quad bikes we've been
through a meal with Jordan which was
Fernanda how to catch it with him before
I go to Australia and while it's for
them one more I paid for an overpriced
thunder I get five ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding cool right miles relics
you guys have been awesome
snails and keep smiling and I'll catch
you in my next video adios
Oh
