good afternoon guys how's everybody
doing my name is of course Alex and
today well today is Christmas Eve today
is also Sunday and today well that means
it's most definitely a cheerful I went
out with some drinks last night guys got
incredibly drunk I'm not gonna lie to
you had it absolutely brilliant times or
so many old friends really really really
reminiscent hence why my voice is
sounding a little bit my voice is
sounding a bit deeper than usual
my boobs in
chris'll Menma
you got any idea what this is any idea
what this is I know obviously it's a
present and it's wrapped up and
everything but I'm just really confused
because as I've already explained last
night I went out with my friend Barney
got really hammered and then and as soon
as you get home there's this big box so
I'll take out this box from the big box
and it's well as a present for me and
it's from anchor and I'm not allowed to
open it until Christmas day but do you
guys have any idea what the hell this is
but other than that guys I've got a
slight headache but your boy Mars we've
got this chill vlog day
right then guys I have come to the
office after sig Maria on Christmas Eve
and you brought me think of yourself
Alex give yourself a break bro it's
Christmas idea and no I really want to
come up here and carry on finish
building this computer live on Twitch
with you guys well it's gonna be better
guys than an awesome little Christmas
Eve stream a chill
oh we are good can you hear me can you
hear me loud and clear can you hear me
loud playboys girl yeah I went out last
night and it got pretty messy yeah I
hope you should go out so even even just
going out like for a few drinks
sends me it sends me absolutely loopy so
you've got you guys have got that to
deal with right okay there is 915 people
in here right now and then look at the
chat going up this is mental right then
guys I've been streaming now for
probably about an hour you streamers
crushed one you've been a massive shame
but it's all working now we are live as
you can see the chat is going still
absolutely mad but the PC is now built
so it's time to get some power to this
thing let's see if this works shall we
this is like a really proper little
professional set in here I think it's
absolutely awesome with the overhead
rigged microphone the TV on the wall
there or the monitor on the wall bear
with the stream on it so I can see
what's going on but this guy's I was
explaining on the live stream but
clicking that button clicking live
stream go live is so so fun I get a
massive massive buzz from it
that's sick
that is sick this is another present
from the guys over at MSI guys thank you
look at that bottle this is rum an
alcoholic drink whoa MSI thank you for
the room and helping me make that
computer possible as well as Corsair
look at all the MSI swag we've got guys
are thinking time to leave the office
it's Christmas Eve
Merry Christmas
right guys I've come out here because
well I want to show you something so you
guys know Alex the photographer
he came to take pictures of my car and
if you've seen my pictures on Instagram
of the car that alex took they're fairly
incredible
there's picture number one and picture
number two and well I'm still waiting on
picture number three but what TV guys a
little bit of context right because the
pictures look really cool but they look
even cooler if you understand where they
were taken was taken right here yeah
literally in this light this is what it
looks like
and then Alex turned this into this
mental and then this right here is
picture number two as you can see
there's a door there and a door here and
the car is what the photos yeah
mental right okay sweet then guys I know
that it is Sunday today and on a Sunday
we do the chill dog it's a QA we need to
mix it up a little bit so here's my
brother Jacob
are you ready bro yeah Christmas QA
let's do it wait a minute before we
start why don't we go ahead and watch
our old QA I'm not sure what is a house
with nothing inside a house was nothing
inside right I do so it's Christmas QA
she wished to return to the questions
let's do this okay so what does Jacob
want from Santa as his main present what
have you are Santa bro what have you
asked for him a SodaStream and what the
hell's on man it's where you can make
make your own fizzy drinks the way you
want it to be like you can make poo
that's really cool go on then you can
read the next one are you going to have
and a gaming setup in Mars bar gaming
new house
go on then answer the question bro well
I didn't really know what do you mean
you don't know we've already discussed
this yeah probably yes okay Jacob this
one's interesting ask JB will you Jacob
ever create a youtube channel and if so
what videos would you create if you had
a channel because who's your favorite
youtuber me hahaha
right then ask JB what do you actually
know about gaming setups and how to make
them look cool gone then bro tell people
how to make the game ourselves look cool
and what we've been doing is like
putting LEDs around like decorating
what's one more thing you could say as
well as well as LEDs yeah clean clean is
what we go for isn't it clean LEDs and
clean right then ask JB what was your
favorite song at the moment we can both
do this one bro you go first
count on me by Bruno Mars I don't think
I've heard that one my favorite song is
Cola which feature of the iPhone X do
you most love and watch your new year
resolution beyond emojis
he likes the an emoji case you guys that
know what an emojis are Jacob absolutely
loves them
and what is your new year's resolution
one of mine is to well of the fitness
game and my other resolution is to get
well double my internet clients that I
have for my Wi-Fi thing before I get my
new house that's many years resolution
you've got new resolutions dude no well
get you hashtag ask JB not a question
but Merry Christmas
well guys Merry Christmas tell The Merry
Christmas Jacob
we've done an awesome little Q&A today
have you enjoyed it right that is my
children Q&A over obviously the thing is
mate I was gonna get you some vertical
merchandise for Christmas but you've
already bought some aren't you yeah it's
just in the wash isn't it well you can
have this jumper if you want right there
bro it's time for bed isn't it see if
Santa comes do I need to go to bed -
what wards think could happen if I was
awake really late do you think he just
wouldn't come what have you what have
you left Santa downstairs mince pie milk
carrots beer
rye okay so bro I will see you in the
morning we'll run downstairs and we'll
see if Santa is eating it and left you
some present right then bro I'm gonna go
to bed till I see in the morning yeah
I'm gonna go ahead and end today's vlog
here jacob has gone off to bed we have
almost finished building the computer in
the office and it is Christmas tomorrow
and I cannot wait guys to film my 2017
Christmas vlog because I love getting up
in the morning seeing Jacob rush
downstairs and I've got awesome awesome
present to give to Jacob which is a
collaboration a collaboration between me
and another youtuber so guys with that
being said I'm gonna win today's vlog
here as usual guys my husband Alex you
guys have been awesome by the time
you're watching this it will have been
Christmas so I hope you've had a great
day and I'll see you in tomorrow's
Christmas themed vlog guys adios
