Oh guys guys it's really good
this really isn't good I feel like
absolute dross I haven't felt this bad
in a while but the thing is this because
I never drink I'm not a drinker I don't
condone and drinking alcohol or honor on
a regular level I don't really like
drinking alcohol you guys know it's my
birthday yesterday and you guys with my
Alex on Twitter take the opportunity to
unwind go out with your friends have
some drinks and get wasted and I think I
think I did that I think I did that well
I think last night was a success I saw
all of my close friends we went to have
some drinks
but that's where things got a little bit
complicated as I showed at the end of
yesterday's vlog this is me saying to
the camera what does processing mean are
you still processing it was processing
me now rightly so I saw a comment on my
YouTube video saying Alex you run a tech
channel here on YouTube how do you not
know what processing means of course I
know what processing means I can know
exactly what it is but the fact is in
trying to demonstrate I was that drunk
I've forgotten what it meant Maria Toby
and I
after the club about half past two and
on the way home in the club I was
feeling bad like bad really bad so bad I
had to ask the cab driver to pull over
right and this bits a bit disgusting I
got out of the taxi walked over to a
fence and had to stick my fingers down
my throat because if I didn't ten
minutes later I would have probably
thrown up in the taxi I'm not a drinker
I never drink I don't really enjoy
drinking it's just not really for me I
had so much to drink
I had two ciders four Jaeger's eight
shots with Tabasco sauce in and one two
three four five six pints of Stella
mixing alcohol isn't good and also the
amount that I consumed wasn't good
either
I am dying right now and literally I've
been in bed all day like just dying pop
to the office because I've got a little
bit of work to do I need to install this
bad boy
I can't do this
I literally my brains not working my
coma now that you've got this you have
to install this cable we can do it let's
go
you guys get a lifeboat at me I heard
noises now service like this is not
meant to be anyone here it was over the
cleaners oh let's get the life on me
there we go guys you guys can stop
complaining it's all clean microfiber
down as you can see no fingerprints this
thing is a beast with the GT X 1080
inside of it this computer can pretty
much take over the world yeah I'm gonna
leave it at that
right seeing as I'm really hungover
today and I can't really go outside and
do any vlogging we started a new series
up on these vlogs like two weeks ago and
it was called YouTube comments and
pretty much what I do is go and read the
YouTube comments because I see people
doing q and A's all the time it's on
twitter on social media or Facebook yada
yada yada yada everyone seems to forget
the fundamentals the YouTube comments
now I know the YouTube comments are like
fairly like most of the time on YouTube
videos but you guys seem to all be
fairly cool down in the comments that
you ask decent questions and stuff so we
started up a series where I answer or
reply to or give you guys advice on the
comments that you leave on my videos so
as soon as I'm hungover today let's do
one of these episodes Luke Palmer says
anyone else enjoying his uploads
recently with bang on 69 thumbs up Thank
You Luke I appreciate it very been in
the nurse that you are so spoiled nice
videos though Ben no I don't think I am
actually no I really don't I work harder
to get where I am I work really really
hard like don't come to me saying I'm
spoiled because I work ridiculously hard
thank you very much Leo says a 135 you
look like you've taken a beating the is
wrong with your eyes
and I'm not sure which is it's this one
and even Maria put it out to me when it
first happened yet it looks like I've
been punched around the face on this
side not going to show you guys know I
haven't been beaten up at all no one has
hit me yet however yeah I don't know
what's happening this side of my face
like from here to here it's gone all
yellow and weird and I don't know what's
happening I'm just gonna have to put
with it and hopefully it goes away hg
deploys says bro I don't get how you
drive and fly your drone at the same
time and that is a very simple as a very
simple answers that pretty much the
drone that I use for well commercial
work and the one I use for the these
vlogs which is the inspire one from DJI
it has a feature on it where it can
actually get the location of the
controller the handset that controls it
and pretty much just follow it you can
also do really cool things like set
waypoints so you can set out a map so if
there's like a long road and I'm gonna
drive down that road I can tell it to
start a wiring the road and finish it is
their end of the road and it will just
fly itself and I can focus on driving
that's how I do those shots the choice
gaming says your vlogs are the light of
my day dude
that comment has just made my day thank
you very much my friend that's got a
hundred and seven thumbs up Jesus thanks
guys
guys please understand that I'm starting
to die again I don't know what's
happening I don't know what's happening
to me I just me and alcohol just D right
my room is an absolute absolute travesty
this just isn't happening I'm just not
happy with this look look how bad
everything is but if any of you guys
seen a TV show called the mighty boosh
there's a character in it called Vince
and he wears a poncho and I really like
this TV show so one of the presidents
Maria bond with my birthday she actually
bought me a genuine poncho the totem
poles wearing it right now look look
look at mr. turtle pole he's dressed up
in the yeah okay I think I'm funny but
I'm not really look how cool this is how
can you be unhappy in a Poncho's look ha
these Poncho's are incredible right I
need to tidy this room up right now
before I lose myself there we go
I think my room is tidy and I've tidied
it in a poncho this thing is wicked I
know if you guys can see this right but
you see this mouse here it's wireless
and it has this docking station here as
to which you're meant to sit the mouse
in like so to charge it but the proper
use case scenario for this mouse is to
actually have the docking station on the
desk so I need to try and move it to the
desk somehow I think if I remember
correctly just under here oh yes I have
because I'm just a legend I put myself
in a USB extension cable
there we go look I've done it so now
literally the docking station just sits
there what I can do is use the mouse and
then when I finish using it you took it
onto the dock and it's done when I use
it cool wicked the thing is I hate being
useless and at the moment I'm really
useless I can't really do much work I
don't have the brain power I feel really
bad over I hate wasting time I hate not
doing something I always need to be
doing something productive there's no
point in wasting time
Table tables I've bought one of those
tables to replace this horrible groggy
sofa in the corner now it may look quite
nice but it's just not if you've got
close to it if you look you can see that
it's got like rips all over it and like
black stuff on it it's just like not
nice so I'm getting rid of it and I've
bought a console table to put here and
I'm planning on buying some speakers and
I'm gonna put on there those speakers
and my turntable which is just here
lights please right guys I'm gonna cut
today's vlog short here because I
literally don't have the brain power to
carry on vlogging I'm dying and you guys
told me to get drunk yesterday so I did
and now it's really hard to think so I'm
going to try and get some sleep
hopefully I'm better for tomorrow guys
more of the story don't drink unless
it's a really special occasion like a
birthday or something because I just
messes with your brain and I'm just not
used to it and I'm not gonna do it again
but it was my birthday yesterday so fair
enough I'll cut myself a little bit of
slack but anyway guys for now - Ben Alex
you guys have been awesome snails and
keep smiling by the way you guys have
given me some awesome stuff to put on
this board so we're gonna do that in
another video but guys I'll see you in
tomorrow's video adios
