it's 10:52 a.m. I've just woken up thank
you mate thank you very much do you want
to start off my birthday blog what do I
say to start my videos hello everyone
and welcome to another video welcome to
another daily video Alex and I'm 19
today turn around then what have you got
on what have you got on your back messy
if you've been in even play football
this morning Jacob have you did you get
mind of the match second place first
there were stuck in the best whoa
have you made this come on that's
amazing that's wicked
it's got my logo on it Wow where did you
get that logo from I'm gonna need my
flip-flops back because I still broken
my toe thank you you've made so many
cakes how you've made so many you've
made all of these cakes and this is
amazing cake that's amazing you need to
show me what you've got the logo from
I've got some chairs on my cars some
Australian money for when I go to
Australia right let's go it's gonna go
my cart and grab my wallet really
quickly I'm going for a meal with the
family that is my dad my grandma and my
brother I'm gonna bring my wallet
because I'm 19 but I'm definitely still
gonna get Aidid if I want to have a
drink
I always film when I'm in the car in
slow motion because it looks really cool
but there's no point in doing that when
I'm in a Porsche 911 and it makes this
sort of noise
that car is gold serve arrived here this
is Georgia's I've never been here before
and I wanted to try something a little
bit new
the only reason why I chose to come to
this place was because I just on the
website
I loved the internal desk or like this
line is a massive thing to me and I just
thought it looked really nice so just
realize that this place obviously
service official as its main thing to
the menus and newspapers
it's not the cost just an looks
absolutely good here's out small even
more and your funky chicken
Wow
just finish the main course this burger
has absolutely destroyed me quite even
finish this thing
not sure what's happening here we're
just about the restaurant have got
cameras and everyone is good here
I honestly don't have a clue what things
like this anymore
especially not going to change anything
is it but it's nice that people do these
things and get together which is not
gonna change anything I've bought this
console table here and that lamp to
replace the sofa in my room hopefully
that's gonna make things look a little
bit more professional just drive back
home I'm probably really underexposed
there we go
you guys when I open the peer box
yesterday one of you certainly some
party poppers so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna try and get some slow-motion
clips of two people setting off the
party poppers at the same time towards
my face like that hopefully that'll look
cool and not be too dangerous and
hopefully it'll look cool but I need to
go to the office because as I told you
guys yesterday in yesterday's vlog
there's something at the office which I
need to open so just lip to the office
I'm here now grandma's here with me as I
say it's my birthday so I'm spending the
day with family no matter what you think
look at that how cool is that
no no no but I think which is welcome to
Mars Media headquarters yeah and then
you open the door and then there you go
right okay this is what I've been
waiting for this parcel here is what
arrived yesterday from my partnership
network thank you jack
you're a legend I don't know what it is
we're gonna find out together
jack was like Alex I hope you like it
yeah Jack I hope I like it too I'm
joking all right I'm gonna put it on the
chair this is gonna be my birthday for
from Jack or my partner Network Bob I'm
at my grandma's age she's just chilling
okay Jack was this some sort of prank
mate or that is is this whoa whoa wow
that's a mess
so all the older people watching you'll
know what this is to all the younger
people watching if you drunk even a
little bit of this it will get you very
very very very drunk this is champagne
Wow
my grandma's reminding me of all the
things that I need to do in the office
like I need to repaint all of this
because as you see when people climb up
here it puts all dirt on here need to
get a scaffolding poles for this little
desk here so it's not gonna fall down or
if it does fall down nothing will break
and I think I'm gonna take this home and
put it on my desk because that's mad but
it's mad I've also got a red stall this
little cable into the computer under
there but I'll do that another day I
think yeah you want to say hello to
yourselves quickly there you go right
guys need to rush so thank you very much
guys
I'm fine this is what my plan is right
where's this party poppers gone where
have they gone right so this is probably
gonna really hurt me but we're gonna do
it anyway
let's get these party poppers right you
two have to put put a party popper each
side of my face like that and pull them
at the same time Yeah right in this
camera I've managed to get it to record
with sound so I can go in slow motion
okay here's an example there you go so
if you need to stand either side of me
oh my god you don't have to point it
like be close to me
yeah I need them go I need them like
that someone count three two one and
then I'm go pull them go up right again
probably think about it like that
hopefully that looked good got a bunch
of stars in my hair now I think
hopefully that made a cool thumbnail I'm
hoping anyway and a picture maybe for
Instagram I don't know I probably like a
bit of an idiot early
women
look at the car dear Ali Ali oh
okay okay right it's that coin gonna
save the coin but it's still processing
it was processing me give me that if you
couldn't form it if you couldn't miss to
a processing thank you
