I think this is from my youtube
partnership Network
I think but I've been told I'm not
allowed to open until tomorrow which is
my birthday are we gonna find out what's
inside man good morning to you all how
are you all doing my name is of course
Alex and welcome back to another daily
vlog we're back we're bigger than ever
and I'm gonna do a peer box opening
video for the main channel Mars bar
because as you can see look how much
beer boxed up I've got like what now I'm
gonna go and pick up the peer box today
again because every Friday I go and pick
up the peer box and I haven't unboxed
this stuff since last Friday so I'm
gonna do that video now for the main
channel and I'll show you guys the
aftermath there we go guys hour and a
half later and I've just finished the
peer box video lots of mess in this room
as you can see need to try and get all
of this stuff cleared up someone sent me
a load of Manfrotto gear we've got
stickers we've got shirts we got artwork
from you guys ah but you guys send some
absolutely incredible stuff and like
this was like some this just like part
of like a birthday present thing for me
because my birthday tomorrow and I
thought what I want to do is upload on
my birthday appear box birthday opening
so this was kind of like a little
birthday present and early birthday
present for me so thank you guys for all
the awesome stuff I really really
appreciate it before I clean all about
off though this has arrived and I'm not
sure what it is so I thought I may as
well treat you guys in the vlog channel
to something and oh hello I know what
you are
slip raps at it again oh wow oh wow look
at that bad boy
this is all natural wood just in time as
well because the microphone stopped
working on my phone yesterday I got
really annoyed so words of something a
replacement phone so that means we've
got a brand new phone which needs a wrap
perfect timing right I've got to take
all of these boxes to the post office
because it's stuff that I'm sending to
people you know what drone
hello follow me there
you guys only got that last joke you can
go friend of makes I've got loads of
stuff alright because I can t-shirt in
that cheapest it can go right managed to
send off all of my parcels now now I'm
going to the other post office to pick
up the Pierre box this day is revolving
around parcels isn't it crazy isn't it I
made a box and people just absolutely
love it like people sending me stuff
being able to interact with them I like
a person alright guys thank you
absolutely mental
all the all this stuff is wicked
I really really appreciate you guys I'm
assuming some of its birthday presents
because it's my birthday tomorrow
it's just started raining
I don't know you're right yeah nice to
meet ya you too mom you to lift a tech
box to the office from what I can
understand it's from my youtube
partnership Network well the guy that
runs it and they said that my dad's open
ends on my birthday so I'm going to
leave it just here and I'm going to come
to the office on a birthday tomorrow and
open it and it can be a little special
thing whoa oh wow what I was wicked who
just sends you a custom Xbox controller
doesn't tell you where it's come from
is it gonna blow up or something Wow
though that's amazing I just want to say
a massive shout out to all of you guys
just for one second absolute in
yesterday's vlog because I'm always very
thankful for all of this like YouTube
stuff and yesterday is like a mess so
many of you guys and it was amazing
however I told you guys I was really
worried about going to Australia and all
of you guys have literally taken all of
that worry away from me number one
you've reassured me saying that you'll
be you'll be you'll be fine if you know
if there's a day or two we're out where
I can't upload because they don't have
internet number two you've said you've
linked me to like 4G in Australia and
where I can get 4G from and places to
get it the cheapest number three you've
said you need to check out these places
in New Zealand as well and in Australia
and you guys have just been like so
supportive over the last over the last
like I don't know forever like since
forever
and like we've been hitting a hundred
thousand views of vlog for the last like
20 days but this is mind-blowing me like
this is absolutely insane and I've got
no one else to thank other than you guys
thank you thank you
right it's dark outside now I've just
made myself a little bacon sandwich I'm
gonna nom on this and then I've got
something cool to show you guys really
cool right I've numbed on a bacon
sandwich it was very nice thank you very
much
anchor sent me two of these these are
cool now I haven't opened them yet I'm
gonna open this one right now just
because it does have a plastic wrap on
it
why don't wait for that to open anchor
have said they want to team up with me
and give away three of these bad boys
you guys like what the hell are they I
guess it pretty much that is the this
like bluetooth speaker right but
apparently they're like amazingly
shockproof by the some of you guys have
seen this is my birthday so you guys
meant to be giving me presents but I'll
give a present to you gonna give three
of these bad boys away with anchor I'll
put a link in the description but
apparently these Bluetooth speakers are
extremely extremely well built what I'm
trying to say right ready to see this
thing in action
right come on then mr. speaker if you
think to anything do you wanna know
something it still sounds awesome okay
one final test can't believe I'm gonna
do this but you know what if this a is
an indestructible speaker then we need
to test it right if this thing still
works I think we can hear it okay Wow
all right yeah okay I rate it it's
pretty cool anchor1 to give through
these away to you guys so a bit of a
present from me to you I'll put a link
down in the description trailer to give
aways to give back to you guys as I've
said your support recently it's been
amazing I'm gonna leave you guys with
the time-lapse of the stars because they
are incredible tonight insane right I'm
gonna set up this time-lapse for you
guys I hope all of you guys are alright
and then as soon as this time-lapse is
finished but I'm going to set up this
time-lapse for you guys and then once
have left it time lapse in for a bit I'm
gonna go around to Maria's because you
guys know Maria's been on holiday
