good morning guys how we are doing my
name is of course Alex and it's
currently half-past eight in the morning
I'm on my way to do some fine work today
which a friend has got for me and what I
can understand it's like a funded mini
little Olympics type thing going on and
they want three cameras covering the
entire event one of those being me so
I'm going to take you guys through today
what I actually do for a living and try
and explain it to you as best I can
let's get there first though there we go
I have arrived at this massive Sports
ledger center thing this thing looks
wicked
so we're at the place now they're
swimming over there there's a massive
board you call that thing over there
that's a circle the circuit the circuit
is a massive circuit over there people
are going to doing javelin all the
friggin sports in the world over there
and our job is literally just to film
the entire day looking at beautiful
you've got like a tiny little async sit
here indeed let the body there with a
massive what is it 72 200 mil can and
learn from there
so pretty much the outcome of this is
gonna be like a three to four minute
edited video for all of this massive
event and that the events on all day so
yeah I think to be honest method is
overkill but it's being three cameras
but you know the more the merrier I
suppose oh my god wait look at Elliot's
little them car mount for his GoPro
that's just the way forwards meant you
get awesome in-car video series making
shots from that where are we going then
where should we cover first you're gonna
get that time lapse yeah see where to go
for a nice big time-lapse of the buses
coming
this is absolutely mental I can't go
down there because as soon as I do I'll
just get bombarded with people like the
people that I'm filming today is like my
age range of subscribers like look at
these look at it
it's a sporting event and as soon as I
get on there to film or in dance films
or slow motion I just got bombarded so
I'm going to stay up here and the other
film was gonna have to do down there
there's literally people shouting miles
but I guess here this is a little thing
music is super loud I'm going to take
off the drone very successful drone
flight there which is see if you
adjusted voice actually going on latest
a dual Olympic gold medallist swimming a
really cool opportunity to film this
sauce
ha
just finished up filming all of this
swimming that's going on right now take
a look at this
this whole event is turning into more of
a mars bar meet-and-greet I've been
hired to help film this event and
everywhere I go I just keep getting
stubs look right so guys quick update on
this shoot everything is going really
really well I'm a little bit behind
schedule because I keep getting stopped
so many times I've just come into my car
to eat my banana and have some water as
a little lunch break the main events on
the on the pitch are just about to start
so I'm going to take the drone up fly
over there and see if I can get some
cool drone footage while it's not too
windy perfect day for this filming by
the way guys and yet this is my job
everyone asked me like Alex can can you
bring us to some of the work that you do
on the vlog and I usually can't because
my clients like don't appreciate that
but this is such a massive event I've
had the OK to do this so I'm vlogging it
and everyone's here anyway that's like
said hi to me at selfies and stuff so
it's really cool right I need to go fly
the drone
so about 3/4 of the way done through the
day now been filming all day every
single activity need to make sure you've
got it nailed down like you've got the
javelin you've got the running you've
got the tennis you've got the indoor
activities you need to get make sure
you've got everything and that is the
most important but even swimming I'm
doing some slow motion as well mix it
all together
it should look quite good right I'm
gonna go in home in like 15 minutes so
thank you very much for organizing today
I really appreciate it
and let's get the final clip salia yeah
right it's 3 o'clock I need to wrap up
filming here for the day I've got more
than enough footage of had three cameras
on on set the whole day more than enough
so I'm gonna go home cuz I need to pick
up my car
Elliot I'll see you soon have a good day
filming cat with the rest of the film in
any way try and get some good slow-mo
shots
cheers for your help buddy it's okay
right I'm all finished for the day I had
to call it off earlier with the guys
because and it's going to pick up my
mini it's finally finished so I hope you
guys can check it out together we'll
check out together but I hope they fix
the back of my car and it's all nice
it's got no dents in it anymore need to
go and pick up my car now and I just
want to say something before I do that
right today has been awesome filming was
wicked I've learned some new stuff
myself which is awesome however the
amount of people right the amount of
people I tried to video a few people
because my god can I be in a vlog but
like the amount of people I had photos
with must have been 100 plus some people
little kids coming up to me with with
like pens and sharpies and say can you
sign my arm my arm wrist thing can you
sign my mat me aneema my drink thing and
having photos with people and doesn't
like really pretty girls as well I was
like woah and then someone's mom came
over and said are you a model and I was
like no at me a model I was like are you
taking the piss and she was like no I'm
not even taking the bitch like I
genuinely thought you were a model and I
was like guys guys guys I've got my
receipt my car is fixed yes so this is
where all the damage was before no
damage now they've cleaned it buffed it
up this is my baby look at the work on
any where sign no more scratches no more
boss this thing is just like a little
bit
ah this is it this is that this is this
is it this is cool let's start her up
oh yeah application
but I need to drive there thank you very
much little book one is off
okay this car this car is so much nicer
than the Peugeot just to drive the
weight feels it's just like a little
go-kart like it's just like so the
steering is so tough compared to the
compared to the the Peugeot love this
thing it's a beast huh and I totally
forgot about my purple lights thanks
Jordan just nip into maps to give him
the footage that I got earlier I think I
can hear these guys around here hey
what's going on yeah so might here we've
soaked it up and he's done well he's
currently in the process of doing his
drone friggin flight friggin whatever
you need to do to fly in the UK or
whatever and one of the things they said
was you need to charge your batteries in
like an explosive proof case some pretty
heavy-duty stuff man this is cozy right
I'm off see am osbahr you're in my top
20 vloggers by the way just say no yeah
big fan probably probably like 15 to 20
or that range haha just quickly limping
into the office to pick up something
this little packages arrived from mod
guru I think I know what it is even I
can't open it because I'm slightly
retarded you guys know we've got the
1080 graphics card in this computer so
mod guru sent me the new modded cables
braided ones to connect up the 1080
thanks guys
right guys I'm going to go ahead and end
to today's video here as you can see I
am so tired I'm literally dying I feel
like uh turd Ross and I really need
sleep so I hope you've enjoyed today
guys - phenomics you guys been awesome
stay awesome keep smiling and I'll catch
you in my next video
oh my god wait a minute it's my birthday
on Saturday a might livestream Friday
night over my birthday
I might do it ok let me know the
comments want me to do it on Twitter yes
you
Oh
Oh
