you know when the intro starts like this
I'm going to talk about me going to the
gym and stuff I don't to give you guys a
bit of an update as to what I've been
doing so I've been in here every single
day for the last time I showed you guys
it on the vlog doing this intro style
thing it's going really well I'm trying
to improve my eating I'm eating a lot of
protein I like eggs meat and yeah just
lode of protein and stuff like that I'm
not doing any protein shakes or anything
like like that I'm just eating like
normal food but having like protein food
no shakes involved hopefully but when I
go to Australia are being a little bit
better shape what's all that about
there we go better after doing that and
I hate shaving well girls and in guys
how we are doing my name is of course
Alex and welcome back to another daily
vlog I haven't told you guys something
and I'm going to tell you it right now
so about three to two weeks ago 2 to 3
weeks ago I went to pick up this laptop
from the Apple store you guys saw it in
a vlog I was using it everything was
absolutely fine until I started clicking
on the trackpad and realized that they
hadn't placed the trackpad in the body
of the laptop properly so it physically
didn't click down so at this point I was
absolutely furious that annoyed in fact
that I proceeded to take the laptop
apart myself without looking at any
directions online how to do so I opened
up the laptop and ripped apart a load of
cables inside of it yeah I broke it
again so then I've ordered a load of new
cables they cost like 11 11 dollars I
have to get them imported from America
and I fixed it again so it's fine this
laptop works but I'm still annoyed at
Apple for not fixing it properly however
Asus sent me this bad boy in replacement
to do what to replace that little laptop
and well I've got my little laptop back
and I do really like it so I'm not sure
what I'm gonna do with this little Zen
is equal to Zen book yeah I was right
it's the Asus Zenbook so guys drop all
that rate in if you want to see a
giveaway of this because now I've got my
map back I'm not I don't I'm not going
to use it and I feel that might as well
give it to you guys oh and by the way by
the time you're seeing this is also a
ps4 giveaway live on tech flow I'll put
a link in the description go into that
and subscribe to tech flow if you
haven't already you want to know the
main problem about being a vlogger here
in the UK the Sun is finally coming out
yes
just gotta wait five or so more minutes
and then hopefully it should be out
fully there you go look you told you to
leave it in five minutes it's gonna come
out I knew it now we're getting blue
skies cool right this is gonna be the
last day I'll wear these last day I
promise right the weather's a bit better
bit wind let's get to the office and get
these videos finished a lot of people
asking actually Alex why are you
actually wearing flip-flops if you watch
a video that did three days ago I told
you guys they actually broke my toe I
think if you can see that little bit of
broken right let's get to the office
ah I'm a vegan
as you can see this room is very very
very low down this is a storage room
we've used to have like a load of
products in here like a load of products
with slowly either utilize them in the
office always slowly giving them away to
you guys what we're giving away on tech
flow a ps4 yeah go just subscribe to
take flight ps4 time talking about tech
flow ah
the office is now free of all the lights
and massive tripods got editing videos
going on over here I think we've only
got three more videos we need to record
and then that is it for whilst I'm in
Australia let's give this a go I'm
outside in the UK vlogging and it's just
a really nice experience my feet are
getting absolutely soaked my camera is
probably breaking because it's getting
so we're and I'm now soaking wet but
sure it's got water all over it you see
what I mean I just don't understand say
hi say hi to these guys look look
I just want to pause in the vlog for a
second and just say my heart goes out to
all the people that have been affected
in the recent Istanbul attacks at the
airport I've been looking at the news
and the deaths have rised to 42 someone
screen right now and it was a it was a
suicide bomb good attack in an airport
someone went in to an airport shot
loaded people then blew himself up heart
goes out to all the people involved
absolute travesty got a problem my phone
numbers been leaked but I can't talk to
you guys about it yet because going to
take this geezer to the train station
when she train what 10:57 our days it's
telling something opposite Google now
she's not working now is it Google now
by May is thankfully helped over the
last few days I appreciate it is in a
rush right check out the sunset tonight
like that is like is just like a YouTube
it hold like it's just gorgeous
it's a contrast between the gray over
here and then just that like gray and
then quick disclaimer before I get into
this and obviously I know you guys have
got a lot of common sense and I
appreciate that but I just want to make
sure you guys know if you see anyone
comment or post someone's alleged mobile
number on social media or in the YouTube
comments or anywhere safe it's my number
or if it's like your favorite youtubers
number or s forces so you know someone
you want to speak to his number don't
call it because nine times out of ten
it's probably not gonna be my number or
anyone's number it's probably someone
posting someone someone randoms number
in the comments section you're gonna
call it and you'll get through to
someone random and it won't even be like
me what I'm saying is people will post
random phone numbers so just just don't
don't waste your time
no one knows anyone's number like no you
should get what you get what I mean you
guys understand don't ring any numbers
if you see them because they're just not
legit cool you guys get it right on with
the video
the guys let me talk about my number
being leaked my mobile number I have two
phones right two of them and the
weirdest thing was it wasn't this one
that got leaked this is my personal
phone it was my work phone number which
got leaked so I don't know how it
happened I think I have on my work
emails my phone number at the bottom of
the emails when I reply to emails for
clients and stuff and obviously it goes
to my work phone right I don't really
take them any calls on there so what
I've gone ahead and done is change the
number I've got a brand new number yada
yada yada but I've got a voicemail right
and it literally touched my heart yeah I
don't say your transporation and in a
way it's an honor to have your number
but the way you find out and then you
change a number and then I'm gonna go
over then okay never get caught
peuta first when I say I love you Alice
and you make amazing videos you make me
smile and if it wasn't you I just I
wouldn't be happy even if he didn't have
that many subscribers and you I knew you
realize he'd still be an inspiration
because your motivation and the human
person is amazing so thank you for
making me smile every day my cool huge
bro what it literally makes me tear up
that my eyes just like I called him back
and he didn't answer the phone
I called him back again there was still
no answer and I did it all that before I
changed my number I'm now changed my
number so I'm not gonna call him back
but I would have loved to speak to him
and yeah I don't know make his day
because he just seems really inspired as
to what we do here on YouTube and and
everything involved it is and gentlemen
the time has come for us to create a
brand new brand new motivation board
because dude whoever you are that sent
me that voicemail you've put some
thoughts in my head and one
down some new life rules if you're a new
subscriber to the channel back when I
was on about 60 to 70 thousand
subscribers doing daily vlogs we're now
on like 220 mm now which is insane so
thanks all of you to the bottom of my
heart I hope you enjoying the content
yes about when I was like on about 60 70
thousand subscribers I put this board up
and I called it the motivational board
and what I did was I wrote a load of
famous quotes from like a load of famous
people but I really liked on this board
that were motivational so every time I
woke up in the morning I could see them
on the board and I also wrote like goals
and aspirations and just bits and bobs
that I needed to get done to make sure
I'd do it because a visual reminder is
key to getting things done in my opinion
especially to someone like me anyway
who's a tad dyslexic and I can't
remember it anyway
check this out look at this so this is
what I could come up with I'm not the
most arty person in the world I'm
actually really bad at it yeah this is
one of my favorite quotes of all time I
can't tell you guys who is actually from
because I've forgotten but it's always
looking the mind and it's just don't
wish for it work for it down here I've
got a place for my goals to set so I can
write them down and have a visual
reminder of all my goals that I want to
achieve and here are some of my favorite
quotes of all time make peace with your
past so it won't disturb your future
what other people think of you is none
of your business
time heals almost everything give it
time smile you don't own all the
problems in the world and then down here
I've got some more space for something
called and that's something cool is you
guys I want you guys to try and make up
some inspirational quotes like these
people these are all inspirational
quotes right that famous people have
once said I want some of your guys
quotes I want you to make them up and I
want to put them on this board so let me
know in the comments section what you
come up with and I'll pick the best ones
and put them on my board guys it's been
two massive days of filming for me and
we're not even done for tech flow yet
I've been doing vlogs I've recorded
about seven tech flow
videos in the last two days I'm videoed
out I'm going to have a bath edit this
vlog and I'll see you guys tomorrow
I've got some client work tomorrow I'll
bring you guys along with the journey -
Ben Alex you guys have been awesome
stills and keep smiling and I'll catch
you in my next video adios
Oh
you
