I think I'm just gonna brave it another
day with sandals on as well Jesus thank
you
morning guys how are y'all doing I can't
close my door my name is Alex and
welcome back to another vlog I've got a
video shoot coming up this Thursday as
to where I need to use my drone so I
need to get some practice in before
Thursday it's currently Tuesday I've got
a record a load of tech flow videos
today
Jed isn't out of bed yet and I need him
to be awake to record the videos with me
so I'm gonna do some practicing now but
a roundabout over here
150 meters in the air inside the UK law
let's do some flying the reason I
mentioned the law is because two days
ago when I was flying my drone in a
video someone commented saying I was
breaking the law by flying too close to
public roads and that just isn't true
here in the UK one of the drone laws is
if you're flying in a public place you
need to be at least 150 meters away from
any road or obstacle so what I do is fly
about 160 meters in the air film in 4k
and then with that bulky footage I can
crop down to 1080p and it looks like
you're low to the ground but you're not
you're just cropping in zooming in that
makes sense you gotta know the tricks
don't you there you go
there we go some decent flying just
landed I'm sure I'd be fine on Thursday
all right back home I'm going to
Australia soon which I want to dedicate
this vlog to talking to you guys about
but there's a few things that Jen and I
need to do before I go to Australia and
that is get at least four or five tech
flow videos pre-recorded so this
constant uploads whilst I'm away we need
to do that now and it's going to take up
a large portion of today Sasuke
so we just mop head off to the office
now to record a few more tech play
videos for whilst I'm away in Australia
we've recorded one already this morning
at this house
Jeb the only putting with it though
isn't at the steering wheel this time
can you figure out how to move the
steering wheel up because I think the
levers broke underneath like you move
the steering wheel are physically higher
because it's like pushing money you're
late yeah thank you try one try one of
these jet yes and it's gonna get my hair
cut mate cuz I'm in a bit of a rush are
you okay to say early videos yeah cool
right it's in a bit so I'm going to pick
up my hairdresser unlike most people and
I think it's unlike most people really
my hairdresser actually comes to my
house to cut my hair because he's a
friend of mine and he's actually a
retired hairdresser and I know him and I
was like dude if you want to cut my hair
at my house I'll pay you to come round
and I don't have to go anywhere else it
can happen in my kitchen so let's go and
get him and his name his name is I don't
Josh you are right I need to talk to you
guys about something that's been on my
mind recently let's have a chat
so a lot of you guys know that I'm going
to Australia on the 15th of July and
that is the date when I fly to Australia
for over a month I fly on the 15th of
July and I come back on the 20th of
August so it's a long time for me to be
away from the house considering the
phlogiston I've ever been away from my
house is three weeks and that was only
in Spain with my family I'm traveling
around the other side of the world for
over a month by myself
obviously I'm bringing you guys so don't
worry about that ever
des is gonna be logged but I'm just
getting a little bit worried and
concerned about it and I wanted to see
if you guys could give me any tips
because we're a family on this YouTube
thing and we all work together I try and
give you guys the best advice that I can
if you guys can help me out I'd be much
appreciated
so obviously this week today in
particular I've been at the office all
day recording with Jed about eight to
nine tech flow videos and the tech flow
videos take so long to make like
ridiculously long to make we have to we
have to write the script we have to
write what we're doing if we say top
file we have to get all the products
together we have to get b-roll we have
to get a shot of me and I mess up so
many times because I don't like read off
a script I write down like general notes
and go off the notes and then they have
to be edited color corrected uploaded
thumbnails links in the description it's
a big process so me and Jed gel and I
have spent today and probably half of
tomorrow we're going to be making tech
flow videos for whilst I'm away
that's that sorted I've got to them pre
record videos for the main channel with
which I'm going to do to peer box
openings
that's that sorted and I'm also
hopefully gonna be uploading like a bit
of a montage to the main channel when
I'm there so that's the main channel
sorted what's left you might be asking
well the vlogging channel but Alex you
vlogging generals you're vlogging
channel you vlog you day every like
everyday life and that's it isn't it not
difficult you don't have to pre record
anything just pick up your camera and
vlog and yeah I know I will be doing
that every single day but you guys got
bear in mind that I'm not coming back to
a house every day that has a stable
internet connection I'm not going back
to somewhere where I can easily get out
a laptop and sit for three hours
everyday in editor video I'm going to
New Zealand and to Australia New Zealand
I'm travelling around the coast of New
Zealand in a bus and in Australia well
I'm in a hotel in Australia so that
she'll be alright but New Zealand's an
issue right listen to me here I'm gonna
try my absolute best to get these videos
out every single day while I'm away for
you guys and it's not happening until
the 15th of July but I want to inform
you guys and let you guys know as soon
as I could and I feel like it's two
weeks away now two or three weeks away
feel like it's time to tell you guys so
my plan was I'm going to pre-record two
videos for the vlog Channel
now I may not use them one of those
videos is going to be about my vlogging
setup and how I vlog and the second
video is gonna be how I edit my vlogs
now if for some reason one day I can't
upload a video or I don't have time to
edit my video or I don't have a power
outlet for my laptop so I can't you know
fire up my laptop and edit the videos
for some reason if I can't get a video
out whilst I'm away I will upload one of
my two backup videos to the vlog channel
so that gives me two days where it can
mess up and if I don't have a video
ready to upload or I can't upload it I
can upload those two videos I've got two
backup videos is what I'm trying to say
hopefully fingers crossed
I shouldn't have to use them but when I
get there enough to try and buy some 4G
which is gonna be really expensive it's
tough honestly it's tough but hopefully
we can do this I need to wash my hair
from getting my hair cut now
thanks for showing it mate see you soon
dude yeah on the 2nd of July mate yeah
appreciate it man see you soon bye mate
Harry's cut don't laugh at me Oh
do you know what it definitely is out
there mate it's absolutely chucking it
down and it's definitely weather for
flip-flops and broken toes drop my hair
mate
there's a sharp sharp is that colour
correction on that was hello video
currently 1034 at night we've just
finished recording tap flow videos a lot
more to do than we initially thought we
have to come back tomorrow morning film
three more videos and then we're pretty
much done lengthy process is this whole
thing but worth it right I'm going home
for too tired for this going on let's go
yeah good so I'm just walking back to my
car now from the office I'm gonna call
today's vlog short here guys because
I've just been so busy all day trying to
get videos recorded for tech flow it's
raining it's horrible hopefully tomorrow
will perk up guys stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll catch you in the next
one wait right
