so guys as you can see I don't have a
shirt up but I've got a solution to that
is what it's like to open some Mars
apparel I've got some new shirts because
my old ones were getting a bit groggy
because I wore them all the time though
yo fresh Mars washer on brilliant right
I need to go and take my car in to get
it repaired it's so long overdue I've
delayed it for so long
Tobes gonna give me a lift there and
then when we come back I get to show you
guys the car but I get to drive for the
next three days
we're doing welcome to Monday I tried to
put these socks on and put my Jordans on
downstairs but as I slid my foot into
one of my Jordans well my foot that is
broken
it just started insanely hurting so I'm
gonna have to wear flip flops for
another day I think but the issue with
that is I'm going to London today and
I've got some client meetings with some
very important people and I'm going to
be turning up to those meetings in
flip-flops brilliant now I don't you
guys are itching to see the car that
I've got for the next few days and I
want to show you guys the key is right
here are you guys ready to see this the
only reason I'm excited to drive this
car right it's because it's it's one of
these it's the GT I look at it it's so
cute isn't it it's really cute it's one
of pirjo smaller cars I think it's at
notice a Peugeot 208 GTI edition so it's
really cool I've got this for the next
three days whilst my car is in service
look at the dash I look at it like this
is like it's a sporty car like this is
nice it's got like half leather seats
like this bits leather and this bits
fabric it's got a touchscreen whoo
okay let's take this thing for a drive
all right guys are you ready whoa oh my
god
okay this thing would absolutely rinse
my mini absolutely rinse it like take it
to the cleaners I just love the dials
like the whole front bit it's just like
really nice where you can see like your
speed I want stuff down here he's just
super nice lived in two dogs this
morning super quick just to grab some
notes before I head off to London for my
meetings still can't quite get over the
fact that I'm turning up to my meetings
looking like this and we've done a bit
of research online on the car that I'm
driving right now this one and its price
to performance is amazing like
incredible value cool that's it turn off
all the light bye bye office bye bye
cool there we go let's see go back it
does that can go there for now wicked
right I need to go to the train station
brilliant thank you very much here I am
here we go that walking shot of me when
I'm walking doesn't look the same when
I've got sandals on does it oh no I'm
gonna have to brave through today
surprise I've arrived in London I can
see Jack who is my manager I need to
meet him before we go to the meeting but
I'm gonna try and sneak up on Amy I
don't mate boom hey Jack you need to
check something out Matt you ready for
this
right have you seen just got off the
tube arrived in Mayfair trying to find
the meeting place now this place is look
at the buildings of stuff on the topic
of me driving a new car this morning
I've just seen an i8 as a Porsche right
there I've seen a Ferrari life you want
a car Spa London's the place there's a
Porsche car number one pound right guys
I think I've just found the best car in
London that I've seen so far you ready
for this it's a fricking mini oh my god
let's crush the hollows of so bad how
can you do that our meetings in in this
building right here
just pull it oh my god very very fancy
click update about halfway through this
meeting now just had some food yeah
right not just something lost my third
brilliant
I hate look I
the broken parking ticket unlucky mate
oh it's gorgeous though isn't it meeting
finished up a lot longer than we
expected to be in there but it's all
finished now only positive things really
came out of it which is exactly what we
were looking for it was a meeting with
the QC team for one of the main
contributors to beauty and we've got
some good stuff planned for the future
so if you guys aren't signed up the
Cutie yet make sure you are links are in
all my descriptions make sure you
definitely on the website you guys are
the only people on it at the moment and
you still are I think this thing is
going to kick off so make sure you're on
it be the first ones to do so the
funniest part about this whole thing was
nothing at all in the meeting was said
about my flip flops win now all we need
is some food
again gorgeous day in London today Sun
is out everyone's happy just come back
to King's across because we're going to
try and find somewhere to eat close to
here so almost a half past four now my
train is at 603 so we need to grab some
food and then I'm probably going to be
going back home but I don't want to go
home because I love London just looking
PC Union looks like a solid choice let's
go guys choose your favourite pizza I
want to see it down in the comments what
you guys can you choose hey look guys
it's not my desk isn't the same thing
what's this dude what the hell this
starts flashing when our piece is ready
alright
it's buzzing he's missing
as it mmmm I don't know how long that
time lapse looks like how long it was
but it was about five minutes our
pizza's ready in five minutes so the
Pizza has arrived Pisa was absolutely
gorgeous finished up here let's go after
my train Jack I need to go oh wait are
we boom there we go mate nice chili with
you to go with stop me I'll see you soon
yeah wait how do I get through it has an
excellent
I need to get home really quick because
I really need a wee okay I've got this
bad boy oh yeah okay but anyway I'm
going to Australia soon and I'm kind of
worried about it I was gonna be honest
with you guys like I've never really
left home for more than three weeks I'm
going the other side of the world for a
month like new guys are coming with me
but I am like a little bit worried about
it it is look Rosie the zoo is not the
whip
I've got racing stripes mate it's gonna
go ten times faster been in the gym I
don't really like to film in there
because obviously I'm trying to
concentrate like extremely hard and I'm
like and that ladies and gentlemen is
how do this thing around here yeah I've
had something a little bit more
professional
I don't know probably you get a project
man-high
right guys I'm going to go ahead and end
today's blog here you've enjoyed it a
like rating would be awesome
- products you guys have been awesome
stelson keep smiling we're gonna say
awesome one more time then you guys are
awesome and you're the best awesome
people in the world
awesome yes
Oh
you
