we got some bad news
it's Sunday in the office as usual
understand they'd like to come and get
some work done to make the start of my
week a little bit easier than everyone
else's by getting stuff done on Sunday
where everyone else is just chillin and
working but as I've said there's been a
complication
I've broken my toe like broken my little
toe is broke
this blood point where there was blood
pouring from it I've managed to stop
that by using a cable tie wrapped around
my little toe to stop the blood flow to
it I'm running on two coffees to give me
energy
and I've also got five painkillers
inside of me I don't feel any pain which
is brilliant but I know as soon as these
painkillers wear off that thing's gonna
be aching like a mother you know the
shot that I always like to include in my
vlogs I usually do it when I'm going
somewhere to tell you guys that I'm
going somewhere and it's usually a shot
of my feet or me running
I tried to do one this morning walking
up to the office and didn't include it
because it just looked like this but as
a close friend of mine told me find the
good in every situation the good in this
situation is I've come to the office
this morning and the coffee table isn't
broken so all we've been telling you
guys in these vlogs I've got loads of
work to do guys needs colored vlog short
today because I've got lots of work to
do even though the vlogs like 12 minutes
long anyway my vlog is getting longer
hopefully you guys are happy with that
but but but but you guys are Alex what
what are you working on when you say you
doing work what are you working on what
have you been doing we want to know we
want to know we want to know and the
reason is right I can't take you guys to
client shoots right I make promotional
videos my clients that could be a video
about a website or a company I'm
currently working for a kitchen
designing company designing their
kitchen and the internals and doing
electronic engineering for the kitchens
which is incredible and I'm soaked to
have the opportunity but as something
that i can't take my camera to because
these are clients of mine that don't
agree with this and i have to appreciate
that there's nothing i can do about that
but the bit of work i can talk about in
a bit that's been taking up a lot of my
time at the moment recently is QT now
you guys know that's my social media
platform hopefully you guys have signed
up to it if you haven't use the link in
the description make sure you sign up to
it because it smells no social media
website and i'm working on it with the
team of people and yet we're trying to
make it really good the US government
are getting involved with QT at the
moment they've shown a major interest to
it which is insane our marketing team
are working really hard to see who we
can get to back QT we're trying to get
on the news different bits and bobs like
that but haven't wanted to shove it down
your guys faces because I'm just not
someone to do that these vlogs are about
what we do but you guys been asking like
what I've been working on and I'm guilty
I've been working on qt my social media
platform he not signed up to it links in
the description
make sure you go and follow my QT page
on QT because I'm going to create
seeing a new page on there that's all
about these vlogs you guys can then go
onto it I can put polls out and ask you
guys what you guys want to see you can
verbally contact me on Qt and tell me
what you want us to do in these vlogs
guys get yourself some QT good note
though the breakfast bar hasn't fallen
down and I think and I think it's
looking fairly promising not to however
still just to be sure I'm going to buy
one of these scaffolding poles could it
de sighs and have it in the middle just
here to make sure that this thing
doesn't fall down I still need to order
a new coffee container for this machine
if you guys could do some research for
me that would be brilliant this is the
coffee machine right here if you guys
could find that the glass mug thing that
goes into it and send it me on Twitter
somewhere preferably in the UK or I can
buy it from I can buy it what are you
doing
are you shot in my name yeah you have me
hey Dean thanks hey guys we got photos
you know cush can see you guys Spears
you guys
it's such a nice day today but soon as
they I'm pretty much unable to do
anything because of my toe I'm gonna do
some jobs some small jobs that I don't
really want to do but I'm gonna do as
you can see one of them down there I
need to get rid of that cable that's
showing I don't want that sharing that
red one this doesn't smell anymore and
this is my iPhone lightning connector
and this keeps coming off sorted sorted
sorted every time I put this foot down
it wrecks like insanely hurts and I
don't think that's anything to do with
the cut wound I think that's to do with
the broken bone oh it hurts every time I
move it a little bit so I finished in
the gym now you guys know one's health
trained thing but I'm in over dominoes
tonight I think so that's just ruined
I've just ruined everything
Toby's here bye bye brilliant mate thank
you very much cheers mate Samantha Mars
in all its glory
the best pizza anyone could ever get
have a swabbie tabby we've got the
mighty Mars and the Babis wabi-sabi
I'll put me in the description I just
wanna remember well I well so you got me
just in premier cause we're just premium
it's premium premium coleslaw yes
exactly what you want
all right finished games a league
clothes off to the spare room I'm a it's
in the morning oh my god guys wait a
minute check this out let me turn the
light on
I still barbecue sauce on my shirt and I
don't think bar with barbecue sauce
comes out of clothes very well I think
this is going in the bin generally feel
like you've just got like a massive food
baby it's exactly what I feel right now
use your mighty Mars pizza with a is it
cookie don't switch up ice cream the
funny thing is I really contradict
myself because I'm like right Alex we're
gonna have a good week in the gym you're
gonna spend a good two weeks eating
healthy and go into the gym trying to go
to gym everyday and then I go and do
stuff like that and I'm like oh what am
i doing I suppose like once a week he
can have like a cheat day every Sunday
he's kind of my cheat day with Toby when
he comes around we always get Domino's
my toe is still so stubborn
I hate eating in general I just
genuinely really hurt I've got to go to
London tomorrow and I'm not sure how I'm
gonna do this I think I probably need to
rest it up so for now - Alex you guys
have been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling
I'll catch you in ready
