you know what's always really good when
your train leaves two minutes early to
mate thank you very much I'll tell you
what that is the perks of knowing people
I've known that train ticket guy for
about seven years I used to get the
train to school every single morning and
he was the guy that used to open the
barrier for me and he remembered my face
and he said Alex Alex what's up and I
said man I've just missed my train but I
like I was there on the platform and it
left like two minutes early
he put a stump on my ticket and just
said just tell the conductor that there
was a mixup on the platform I don't have
to buy any ticket yes honestly I swear
to God in this world it's not what you
know it's who you know
I'm not sure if you can hear me but I've
arrived in London
so successfully arrived in London after
missing one of my trains were in the
tube and I'm here with Charles we're
gonna go grab some food so come to
London today with Charles because we
haven't seen each other in ages and we
just wanted like a little friendly
catch-up so London is a place to do it
we're going to get some food because I
want and you want an Oreo cookie
milkshake is the only reason we're going
to go to this place let's go milkshake
burger fries can't go wrong the rooftop
party we haven't been invited
should than that use the lift next time
before the gig so I say give me 300 quid
and normally go now and I'll go
fantastic and they would see Putin's
picture Charles explai to explain this
one to me mate how's he working
okay
the atmosphere in London is absolutely
incredible because it's Gay Pride this
weekend everyone's just dressed up
everyone's out there's things flying
over the top of different colors it's
really nice and the weather's awesome
it's just started raining though I've
never seen London so busy before look at
everything what
so his gay pride over there there's a
massive stage going on absolutely
incredible day to come to London today
every corner you turn
it's just something absolutely mental
going on like crazy okay we've now got
bad thunder lightning but we're just on
the bridge look at the view look at it
now who I'm with their selfie stage at
the London I thought the houses
Department good all been over the edge
killing Matt one fun awesome thing I
love it it's brilliant you're a fan
Charles yeah
yeah you better blow ya'll guys what's
going on okay me and Charles are
roughing up in London for the day but
Annie I'm right here right now I need to
get over there and it's raining okay
we're just gonna brave this Charles
we've got this we've got this under the
hood my train is over there Charles
it was nice seeing you today my friend I
catch you soon
empty in here even if on the right train
or not there's literally no one else in
here at all I've got the first-class
lounge to myself trees stuff different
quiet cultures and stuff that quiet
coaches coach me in the front it first
must quiet oh just okay
cool I've arrived back in my hometown
that now Jordan has just phoned me and
says Alex come around I got you a little
present for your car so I'm not sure
what he's got me but I need to go inside
his house and game and tell him that
he's left his brake lights on is that
even the brake like what light is that
why is that what make your car's broke
no honestly no I'm real into it that is
bro
I told you it's broke mate well they're
not turned on on the snake-hole dear hey
I don't know what light that is and then
that side is not even on I don't get it
so George you're gonna modify my car for
me yes I'm insane insane light are they
insane that's pretty insane this is what
you're modifying oh my god that's heinie
you brought my car there you go all
right soon as they open the door ready
three two one oh wow purple that's gonna
look so cool at night George thanks for
the bulbs mate they're sick what have
you got here I can't wait to see this
look at this bad boy
am i throwing it in the air then look at
this little thing and you're gonna you
can fly this yeah
all right ready three two one mate it's
uncontrollable throw yeah Nick George
it's my birthday when is the birthday
quiz the second yeah any saying this is
for me but you want me to open it now
because probably not gonna see you on my
birthday I feel like this is gonna be
something that imma have to blow out
yours you think Mars bars I want to die
here but your thanks
around Mars bars Oh Oh my guys I'm gonna
have to play this out like this all
right I really appreciate the anyone I
can show them thanks mate I appreciate
the presents I'll put them to good use
yawns that plane was sick I need to go
dude I'll catch you later
hi guys
I'm back home wait a minute you ready
for this let's go in the gym I'm gonna
go do that now just finished in the gym
been in there exactly an hour and I have
burnt 350 calories not sure her ocular
that is that's where it's as I'm out to
watch so we'll end that activity and
call it a day here was awesome spending
the day with Charles today I haven't
seen him in such a long time and he's
one of my old friends I've met through
YouTube it was actually a fan which is
actually brilliant he was actually a fan
of my youtube account before we became
friends then I met him at an event oh I
think it was you're a gamer called
Eurogamer met him that turned out to be
really decent lad hung around with him
the day and now we're like really good
friends and and and yeah we went for a
meal in London today which was wicked we
got the tickets sorted out this morning
which was brilliant and literally it
really hit home this morning with like
it's not what you know it's who you know
and I thought about saying I would
thought it was a bit skeptical but like
this morning it really hit home I know
that going you just got me like a free
brick and drone ticket but I know the
saying it's not what you know it's who
you know of course it is what you know
as well but like if you know people to
help you then that is a major plus in my
opinion from what I've seen this morning
anyway
I'm gonna cut today's vlog short here
guys hope you've enjoyed it
my husband Alex you guys been awesome
today else and keep smiling and I'll
catch you in my next video
