this weather is decent I'm liking it we
can definitely go outside and vlog today
Oh
because I'm wearing shorts and Jordans
as you can see I'm wearing shorts and
Jordans
what a lovely combo sike the reason I'm
wearing shorts and Jordans is because
probably about I'd say an hour ago
the weather was about 22 degrees in
sunny I was literally going to go to the
computer shop and buy a fan like a big
fan to call this office down because it
gets so warm in here but it's raining
and I look like an idiot because I'm
wearing shorts and Jordans to make the
most outfits Webber I've come to the
office and we're going to record a few
tech flow videos
how do you guys so yesterday this was a
monstrosity yeah the word launched
atrocity doesn't even describe what
happened yesterday it took us three
hours to fix this thing it made a big
gash in the wall we're using cable ties
this side to hold it up it broke the mug
for our coffee machine it was just an
absolute monstrosity we've managed to
fix it avoid a new coffee mug hopefully
soon a working breakfast bar will be
able to provide us with nice coffee and
all our biscuits and stuff we like
biscuits here little bit just a little
bit take four videos or film to Jed it
needs to run off to his train I'm gonna
go home the weather has perked up see I
told you I wasn't lying to you guys it
was nice earlier and it's nice now
hopefully I weren't looking at it with
my shorts on okay I'll see you soon
scene tapes an abyssal chocolate frickin
drizzle there we go the trains here mate
we're not quick right yeah I don't know
what's going on with this weather I need
to go and buy a fan because we got rain
on the window where we've got Sun in the
sky and it's super hot need the aircon
on
yeah okay yeah yeah I do I do I do
videos for YouTube you see so yeah so
just come back to the office really
quickly I'll talk to you guys about my
trip to Cory's when I get home but pop
back to the office because I need to
record a segment for random Frank P that
if you guys know running front peeper is
a technology reviewer he wants to do
like a video with me about this office
on his channel so I'm gonna record that
part in now and I'll catch up with you
guys when I get home
right I'm back from the office for good
now I think I'm gonna go outside and
have a bit of a barbecue get some
protein down me I'm featuring tonight as
I've already told you guys on Frank's
will not tell nothing I'm featuring
tonight and Frank's channel but sometime
in the near future I'm going to be
featuring on Frank's channel doing a
tour of a little mini tour of the office
and if you guys want to see a massive
tour of the office you gave it to my
mars bar channel and oh and watch it on
there but it's called up Frank white I'd
like to feature me on a channel that's
wicked I'm going to go and cut some
steaks this was what we reviewed on tech
flow today it's actually a wireless
charging stone for your iPhone how cool
is that so you place your phone on this
wireless thing it makes a beep noise and
starts charging wireless charging for
your iPhone how wicked is that I'll show
you guys what I've got going on here
I've got a nice piece of kit this got my
Bob oh okay don't set me on fire please
please don't wait a minute check out
this sunset that's currently right above
me right now
right back to the barbecue we've got a
little mini burgers we've got some of
these little sausages and and I've got
my meat it's what I need protein wise
whoa cool now I can go home I've just
recorded the video for Frank hey
brilliant finish mistake enjoyed it a
lot but boy now have I got a night ahead
of me and I'm kind of dreading it a
little bit see all this here all of this
to cut a long story short the reason I
bought the fun today was yes because
it's very hot outside but also this room
makes so much heat and horrible heat
that I just saw it's all coming from
here and like having this on top of here
isn't good and need to sort all of this
out I'm not tall enough I need these
hey guys check out what I finished an
hour later it's all organized the vinyl
player has its own shelf I want to get a
little LED light to put up here that
shines down on it so when these lights
are off
this looks cool as you can see down here
I've got my three consoles I've got an
Xbox one 360 and a ps4 got my Sony my
Sony camera the brand-new one the a6 300
here on charge next to a ps4 controller
and my after a mix amp and here is like
a power supply dat if you can see I've
actually named all of the plugs with
them with some paint so you got Apple TV
Sky box and all the plugs are named so
know where they're for here I've got the
amp Sonos Apple TV Sky key box and it's
all cable managed perfectly which is
exactly what I wanted but it's still
really hot in this room it hasn't really
sold anything but still my OCD is cured
I'm still sweating though that room is
too hot a lot of people have been like
Alex when when can I meet you what what
you doing can I meet you
and what was a yes and no answer to that
and I want to tell you guys a bit of a
story right I tend to events here in the
UK or I have done in the past and that
is Eurogamer and insomnia euro game was
fine
I can go to Eurogamer the insomnia
events the owner of the event is getting
me mixed up with someone else
any thinks I've done something wrong and
he doesn't want me at the event anymore
I'm banned from the insomnia series I
can't go to that event because the owner
of the event thinks I'm someone else who
did something really bad when I'm not I
did what I wouldn't do I'm just not a
bad but I wouldn't do anything bad and
apparently what I did was was really bad
and Mogra tell you guys what it was
because I know who it was and they're
not owning up to it so I'm banned from
him some Nia I can't go to that event
and meet you a few of you guys have been
like Alex why didn't you go to VidCon
wine you at VidCon and the truth is I
actually got invited to VidCon I did um
yeah I got invited like free plane
tickets and everything but unfortunately
I'm literally too busy to go and I would
have loved to
oh but I'm too busy now I'm going to
speak to the guys at insomnia I'm going
to shoot them an email but I don't know
what's going to come out of it that's
the thing I'm really don't write guys
I'm going to cut it here for today's
vlog I hope all you guys are alright and
you've had a fantastic we if you guys
broken up from school yet have you guys
broken up from the car and if you at
college you know you guys are broken up
but if you're at school like what's
going on and the people that are working
you all are still working so y'all suck
same as me I suck cuz I'm still working
it's about quarter to midnight and I've
got a load of work to do so anyway - we
Alex you guys know some snails and keep
smiling and I'll catch you in my next
video adios ah yeah
Oh
yeah
