today's the day they're not really you
know it's not really the days it's
Christmas Eve Eve today Jack thank you
for assisting our purchase bro thank you
very much
so we thinkin Alex why have you been to
Korea she always complain about their
over pricing and everything that goes on
in there well actually I needed some
thermal paste for my live stream tonight
and also my girlfriend what it's pick up
our laptops for her sister
so last bit of Christmas shopping yeah
we can go thank you
Thank You coach these guys have just
arrived into the opposite knee to do my
ritual all of the lights aren't telling
um so guys today is the day but meeting
likes what's going on today well I put a
tweet out this morning that said this so
yes guys today's the day in this vlog
I'm gonna teach you what I'm going to do
and how I'm going to do this because as
you guys know my stream quality is well
it's absolutely it's just mental like my
stream quality is mental
the most important thing throughout our
whole set of guys is the camera booth
economics you know rugged you're not
making a video you live through me
surely you do that with a webcam and yes
you're correct I've got one of these
here too but I want two angles for this
stream I want one looking down and one
looking head-on so this little webcam is
gonna be mounted on my overhead very
good looking down so people can see what
I'm doing on the table well this camera
is gonna be well my main camera and I'm
gonna hdmi this up to the capture card
which is gonna take these hdmi signal
from this camera and turn it into a
video signal on the computer well I'm
gonna go ahead and do is leave this
computer down here run an HDMI cable up
there for the camera to get the HDMI
signal down for the capture card and
then run another HDMI cable put on the
computer up there which is gonna plug
into the computer and plug into the
monitor up there so I can monitor the
stream and then I've got a USB extender
we should allow me to plug in a keyboard
a mouse up there so I can control the
stream with the computer still down here
so essentially guys now what should
happen is well this which now guys if I
go and stand up there give me one second
now guys actually done is obviously this
camera is acting as a webcam and the
stream this evening is going to be about
two hours long for building a computer
probably something it's going to go
wrong so instead of this dying of me
leaving it on battery power what I've
actually done up here is installed a USB
charger which plugs in here and it's
providing charge to the camera now these
Sony cameras can stay on and function
whilst they're charged so now we have
power charging the camera HDMI to the
computer and the audio from the big
microphone in to this camera sorted
so telling the guys now for what the
starting screen if I click this one I
have like a screen here let's rock and
chat with you guys it's like a full
screen thing and then if I click on this
one you get the full screen of me and
then up there in the top corner it has
the down view of the table and then if
you click on this one it reverses that
so that down view of the table is big
and then I'm up there in the time this
is mental you can go out and you can buy
all this really expensive gear to do
these sorts of streams have dual cameras
tilting down cameras I've just butchered
this together myself in about 45 minutes
I made the overhead rig out of wood ages
ago in one of these blogs guys I think
I'm ready for 6 o'clock before we start
though I do need to go home because
there's one thing there's one thing that
I need Joe guys look at that sunset
right so behold 40 minutes later I've
finally got this all working this has
been an absolute nightmare to get on but
we're all on now my ISP was actually
blocking the stream so I'm doing the
stream now off of my off of my phone
tethering it as a hotspot so I hope this
carries on working let's stream okay so
guys I've been streaming now for I don't
know probably a solid how long we're
stripping guys like an hour I'm looking
at all of you out here as if everybody's
out there it's like an audience and a
stage they're not they're all there in
the chat guys spam away let's get this
chat going they're absolutely mental you
guys are going mad so we've got the
overhead rig everything's working fine
people can see me I've got my preview of
their mouse and keyboard here so I can
control the entire stream that
neutrality we've been talking about
bitcoins with and building computers I'm
loving this guys let's time-lapse this
absolute awesomeness
guys that was so so fun so so so much
fun I loved streaming and building this
thing that was amazing and this do you
guys want to go ahead and say a massive
thank you to everybody that joined the
stream we were on there for a good
couple of hours and it was so so much
fun the PC guys isn't built super big
night what's the point in the stream
then they're meant to be building a
computer I know hear me out here
everybody everybody on the stream dies
already knows this but I'm gonna finish
up building the computer tomorrow so by
the time you guys are seeing this vlog
today right now at 8:30 so about two
hours after this vlog goes live 8:30 I'm
gonna be up there guys streaming so if
you're watching this vlog and it's
before 8:30 go ahead and get on my
twitch guys at 8:30 I will be there
Christmas Eve 8:30 insane
guys probably notice that I've changed
clothes and that's well because I'm
going out this evening yes guys I'm
going out this evening your boy wildfire
he's going out with his friends into
town it's been such a long time doing
this daily vlog I never get the time to
go out drinking or socialize with my
friends and soon as my best friend
Barney is now back from Australia as you
guys know for me yesterday's vlog I
think it's only right that he's invited
me on a night out and I go on it with
him you know to me just like the good
old days the reminiscence so I am gonna
do guys is take a GoPro with me and
document the whole night and in about 30
seconds just put all of the clips that I
got from the GoPro the funny clips if
any right guys thanks for watching
today's vlog I'll see you in tomorrow's
one enjoy these drunken clips guys adios
