cool yesterday's vlog all uploaded fresh
battery in the camera formatted SD card
in the camera microphones on need to
give you guys a clean there we go right
let's get some cool hip-hop beat going
and start this vlog
yeah
good morning guys how y'all doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another daily vlog I have just
been to vote for whether the UK is going
to stay in the in the EU or we're going
to leave the EU now I'm not one to cause
drama on this YouTube thing so I'm not
gonna tell you guys what I voted because
I've just done just don't want to do
that I just don't want to do it I don't
know annoy anyone wanted to be honest
with you guys I'm not really into it I
don't really know what happens I don't
get what the difference is between the
two I've done a little bit research but
it's not something that I'm really that
bothered about and I should be but I'm
not I want to introduce a new segment to
these vlogs a new thing that we can do
weekly right and I think it's pretty
cool I've been waiting to have a segment
in these vlogs for awhile and I thought
yay we can do the peer boxes but I'm
going to do those on the main channel so
what can I do one here that we can do
weekly and we can all chat about and I
thought a QA no that's too boring and I
thought wait a minute let's just strip
everything off and go to the basics what
does every youtuber ignore the comment
section
I love the comment section I'm always in
the comments section replying to you
guys but there's that many comments what
I thought we'd do is do some sort of Q&A
style video segment but we're not going
to be asking the questions on Twitter
you guys actually aren't going to be
asking questions I'm just going to be
picking YouTube comments and answering
them and giving you guys my advice if
you guys are asking questions or you
want to know something we're going to do
this every week we're gonna look at the
YouTube comments here you go here's a
question that a lot of people have been
asking recently is Mia his girlfriend
this has 12 replies right okay so if you
guys can see this
as for this video on a little bit you
see this sis the girl hood girl there
she's been in a few of my videos yeah
that's my girlfriend yes I have a
girlfriend
shocker how have I done it I don't know
but she's my girlfriend Mia Maria you
can call her both I'm not bothered but
just be nice to her
promise me Leon says I wish I could do
daily vlogs but I don't understand how
to leave my house or my room lies up
with 96 likes on the comment three days
ago well Leon to answer your question
even though it's not really a question I
still want to talk about it right before
I did daily vlogs I spent the majority
of my time sat in bed watching syriza's
on Netflix since then I have canceled my
Netflix subscription I have started
going to the gym more I've been a lot
healthier I've worked on my business
more and I started daily vlogging all of
that happened since I've started daily
vlogging it's crazy like if you want a
daily vlog it's not difficult because
you have to get up every single day I
make a video even if you're hungover
even if you're tired or even if you're
ill you have to make a video and then
once you've made your video and been out
you go back home where you go back to
your editing software and you think
you've it you know you've shot you be
anything that's it but it's not you're
then going to spend a good 2 to 3 hours
editing it every single day so it takes
up a lot of time and then you've got to
find a good internet connection to get
the vlog uploaded for a certain time if
you've told your audience that you can
upload at 6 p.m. me you've got to do it
and as I spoke to you guys before I
enjoy pushing myself I enjoy pushing the
limits but what I can do
and yet sometimes I do find doing this
daily vlogging thing hard like this this
isn't my job and I've told you guys not
gonna be my job because that just ruins
the whole fact of it being a daily
vlogger I'm not gonna live my life going
out and doing stuff for a daily vlog I'm
gonna run my life run my business and
daily vlog at the same time and that's
how I'm going to run it and I think
that's the best way to do it Alex what
do you use to edit because I have a
channel and I don't know what to use to
edit well if I'm on a PC I'm using
Premiere Pro CC and if I am on a Mac I'm
using Final Cut Pro X call right Val do
for this episode's week's episode of
YouTube comments cool if you guys
watched yesterday's vlog you'll know
that I attempted to cable manage this
breakfast bar however there's still
cables and stuff I need an extension
lead probably bought some coffee for the
coffee maker I also bought some steak
because I want a whole thing this week
as you guys know what's that sugar
there's another copy so there is the
filters we also bought some big-ass jars
like this and we're just going to fill
them with Hobnobs and vauban's and then
joe just came back with this nice one
mate alright and here at Mars media we
supply our employees with the vitamins
they need for the day need to wash it
off mate it's literally a bottle in
there where oh no oh no oh no oh no oh
birth my own booze and it's gone clean
my own
oh we burn my hokum until they're the
cookies are okay okay the subwoofers got
a bit of water on it the Marmite is okay
naturally I had the Marmite it's all
right we have to clean the lid out
because that's got everything oh my god
this is very bad some of that I'm
concerned about nothing below I've
turned off the computer hopefully it's
all right I think the first step in a
situation like this is to figure out
what we can salvage from it not bagel at
my mine so a bagel it's bit whatever
it'll dry right oh god mom Marmite we've
got the my my lid yeah that coffee jar
should be all right got the coffee jar
all right which is all right yeah that
naughty more bagels and hiss which have
saved and everything else is shout
there's always a weak link somewhere
fixing that coffee table took three
hours of my day that I just didn't have
lying around still managed to get all my
emails done which has taken a little bit
of stress off but as you guys know I've
got to edit a boat video and al Gatto of
just contacted me today reminded me that
I have to do a video for their Twitter
page about the new audio integration in
the elgato software and I don't really
know what I'm doing with that so I'm
gonna try my best but it's currently
1:30 a.m. we're pairing that coffee
table took about three and a half hours
the bit longer Jets here by the way is
just chilling so I'm hoping the repair
job that we've done in the office - the
coffee table is gonna work I think we
should probably get a scaffolding pole
to hold it up in the middle just to be
sure because there's a lot of expensive
coffee machine toaster and kettle and
equipment on there and if that falls off
again it's already broken part of the
coffee machines we have to buy a new
part for that we should have caught it
on camera it was quite funny but the
same time it's not funny that makes
sense
but I'm knock it I'm gonna end today's
vlog here mathematics
you guys been awesome sales and keep
smiling you ready for this right now I'm
gonna come forward and do it right I'll
see you in my next video adios
you
there's always a weak link somewhere
