what are you doing
good suits you all how you're doing my
name is Alex and I haven't done my intro
in these vlogs for a few days so I think
that was overdue hopefully you guys were
all right call me the weather complainer
because all I ever talk about in these
vlogs is how crappy the weather is today
the weather's not crap but it's not
sunny it's just really warm like sweaty
humid warm and it's annoying because I
can't add there's no aircon igus thing
in this room and if I open the window
all I can hear is
if that temperature goes up live this is
the coolest cat I've seen in a while oh
wow
more Manfrotto stuff this is called the
stunt case I love the naming scheme Wow
a freaking toaster is a freaking toaster
Wow it's an electric toaster and that's
four croissants we can do our baby holes
yeah hello what I've done look now when
you take the Caliph it just looks like
there's no wires and then you put it
back up I'm impressed with that that's a
cool idea that ladies and gentlemen is
how one cable manages a breakfast bar
boom you see the fingers cables are
everywhere everywhere you look if it's
an electrical item that's gonna be okay
Abel so that means pretty much you can
cable manage anything so even if you've
got yourself a beautiful-looking
breakfast bar
make sure it's cable managed because it
makes it look a lot nicer and it looks a
lot more practical cool I'm happy with
that now this is cool too by the way
cheeky plug today's vlog is full of a
lot of cool things
oh it's actually there as well
it's actually them are guys now this
this is cool this is wicked guys check
these out right look at these these are
Mars bar stickers like genuine Mars bar
stickers and there's some big bad ones
but look how big these bad boys are
these are big things are fresh off the
printer guys what I want you guys to do
is let me know in the comment section if
I put these up on my website on the Mars
media app our website would you guys be
interested in some stickers as well as
if I did at some like new limited
edition clothing line like a new shirt
and did like 300 of them available
should I include these in the packet
like a few packs of these in the show in
the a limited edition shirts you guys
let me know if you'd be interested in
purchasing some of these stickers on the
store there's some tiny little bitty
ones as well this is cute Maria is going
on holiday tomorrow she flies tomorrow
morning so I've spent the majority of
today with her because obvious I'm not
gonna see her for like ten days which
sucks because I really like seeing and
also I'm actually genuinely sweating
like it's so hard the next cool thing I
want to show you guys it's this now I
found this thing on Amazon and if this
does what it says it will do I will be
thoroughly impressed but we need to wait
for it to get dark before we test it
you know lobby expenses I've done a
time-lapse in one of these walks a
partly to remember the last time I did
one hopefully that was decent the Sun is
almost set got a little more time to
wait though this is the product that I
want to test out and as I've said if it
is what it is it's gonna be good
still not dark yet
well not dark enough anyway but let's
give the car a clean
there we go one clean and wet car it's
still not quite dark yet though it needs
to be dark for this to work if it's cool
I'll be impressed it's amazing yeah
there's a lot here that I feel like this
is probably the flashiest part of the
dashboard that if you show us people
this like hey this is what it's doing
they're gonna be like man I've gotta get
some kind of topic I can use that on a
given topic to to really understand a
conversation better I just had a call
with the QT team it went really well and
I'm talking in the mirror because you
can see my reflection the reason you can
see my reflection and all the pretty
lights because it's dark outside I can
finally test this thing also you guys
know part of my business Mars media I
also do hardware consultation if you
don't know what that means is a
technical term for electrical
engineering electrical planning
electrical wiring setup installation
home TV and surround sound installation
4k installation and amplifier installs
and I've just drawn out a plan for
someone's kitchen and I've done Ethernet
and having a sono system installed and I
love doing jobs like this it's really
fun so onto the main thing I thought you
guys might enjoy knowing that I don't
know why I've tried to bring guys along
with my business stuff as well as the
fun stuff this is a little projector
that I found right and I used to have I
used to have ages ago probably three
years ago I asked for it for my birthday
and I was really lucky because I got one
I've sold it there now it was a little
pocket projector that had a battery in
it you could put an SD card in it and it
worked but the thing is with it you
could only use it for 10,000 hours and
then it would die that was it and the
only work the only way you could play
like films through it was if you put
like an SD card into it and it was
clunky and you had to convert all your
films over but it works it was a mini
handheld projector you could watch films
but it just like back then it just
wasn't that good the quality was bad it
was really
was really low it was really low she
still just wasn't good wasn't a nice
experience so I put it on eBay to cut a
long story short I'm giving it another
crack this is that and how you say it
pure pure read yeah little pocket
projector right and the reason one the
reason this is really cool right it's
because you don't have to put an SD card
in it to watch your films it has an
inbuilt battery what you do is it
creates a wireless network you can
connect your iOS device or Android
device Google cast device to this
anything right
and once you've connects to its wireless
network you can mirror your phone screen
with airplay in my case or if you've got
an Android phone you can do just screen
sharing to it wirelessly no need to
convert your films you can just play
them off your phone this if it works is
gonna be cool and here it is all my days
here we go look at it look how small it
is this is the first time I've seen this
this looks wicked should I try and power
it on let me see if it's got some power
in it holding the button down oh hey
it's auto ok it's on it's actually on
guys maybe had some battery in it so I
do have the lights on in my room but as
you can see on the wall it says iOS and
Mac Android Windows Wi-Fi so this is
what I wanted I wanted to be able to
cast any any device to it wirelessly and
this thing can do that and it's really
bright man this thing is cool look at it
just so hoping that if I take my bose
soundlink mini speaker and a 3.5 million
plug this in and get some better sound
quality guys look at this I'll put it on
my tripod I've connected my little Bose
speaker right and if I turn my phone
flashlight off really good buddy how
wicked is that right I need to try and
connect my phone to this thing guys look
at this look it's legitimately found it
on airplay so technically if I press
done right my phone should be on there
it's not maybe this was maybe a wait oh
my god my phone is on the fence oh my
guys seriously right there look if I
pull up the flashlight on my phone I'm
gonna turn it on boom there we go look
what guys guys do you see in there
please tell me this is cause I think is
really 3 2 1 boom my phone screen is
huge on the frickin thing on the fence
nope oh no way oh my god guys I'm
watching big hero 6 on my fence outside
on a level though actually wait a minute
on a level though this isn't as possibly
the coolest bit of tear I've seen in a
while
this is wicked and I'm impressed that it
actually works you know you buy
something and you think are you doing is
gonna work you think yar and I thought
that and I was pleasantly surprised it
has a battery it's my key USB power you
can blow the speaker into it it creates
it's Wi-Fi network so you can transfer
your video from your iPhone or your
Android device and it you can watch
stuff on it and it works and it's LED so
the Bulls not gonna run out for at least
30,000 hours so tomorrow people are
voting and I'll be interested to know
what you guys are voting if you are or
if you could vote what you would vote
guys drop it down in in the description
know in the description in the comment
section but I've got a load of work I
need to do we need to finish off this
design for a client I've got a boat
video to edit I'm gonna go into the
early hours of the morning is currently
11:35 p.m. at the NYTimes
I'm gonna leave you guys with that for
today's video
apologies for being a short one I was a
survivor to see Maria today she's going
on holiday and I've got a sugar ton of
work to do not allowed to Roma videos
cool anyway my name is Alex you guys
have been awesome snails and keep
smiling and I'll catch you in my next
video adios
