quick gym session this morning to ease
me back into this I used to be in the
gym all the time
and I haven't been in the gym since I
went on holiday so probably haven't been
in the gym for about a month but I'm
going to start again because I'm just
feeling lazy quit gym session this
morning
1 2 3 fuck
hi it's Mars media calling here I've
been referred from Jamie Krantz at Mars
that's ma rzd dot media yeah promotional
videos yeah your pretend you guys thank
you bye-bye the only problem with
running a business at my age that I am
right now which is 18 is expirience okay
I was gonna do my standard opening the
door shop but it turns out on the loader
parcel let's just get these parcels
inside that's what I was saying about
running your own business right I'm 18
years old
right and this this is where people
struggle this is where it gets
complicated it's really not hard to set
up your own business it's really not you
have to go to Companies House you pay
like 70 pounds to get your company name
registered for me that's Mars media
limited and then you open up a business
bank account that's pretty much giving
you the the opportunity to say I own a
business but it doesn't stop there it's
all about experience and that's
something I lack I've recently just
fallen out with a big company which I
was doing some work for before I was
doing a few promotional videos for them
I was about to do their showroom tour
and then we're going to go to this show
in my town called Lincolnshire show and
they wanted me to do some video of them
at the show they've cancelled all that
work and they don't want to work with me
anymore
and it was my fault they don't want to
work with me anymore because pretty much
at the end of the day I'm inexperienced
I'm still learning but that's the whole
reason I do this the whole reason I do
this thing and the whole reason I've set
up my business is to teach myself I want
to learn I want to learn the
I wanted them how people do things and
yeah I've slipped up in the past I've
slipped up I've I've ruined my
reputation for some companies as I said
I've had an email this morning from this
company saying they no longer want to
work with me anymore because I messed up
on something I've learnt from that now
but it's about experience and I'm a shy
human being as it is I don't understand
how I do this YouTube thing I really
don't but it's all about experience and
knowing what to do that is running a
business and unfortunately I don't know
what to do I can't give advice on it
people ask me for advice all the time is
how can I run a business well it's easy
to go and set up a business you know I
own a business yada yada yada but that's
not the be-all and end-all of it
ruining a business takes so much effort
and I wouldn't tell people I were in a
business yet because I'm still learning
I don't know how to run a business so if
you listen to any 18 year old who tells
you how to run a business unless there's
some sort of entrepreneur I wouldn't
take their advice trust me
optimum heating digital multi
temperature control this isn't just any
normal kettle this isn't just your on
and off standard kettle this is a one
cup turbo kettle oh my god
the funny thing is I've said in my vlogs
that I needed a kettle for this office
but I haven't ordered this I have not
ordered this someone's ordered this for
me but it wasn't one of you guys because
if you guys send stuff it goes to the
PIO box not to my office and this
arrived at my office well I'm not
complaining I now have a functioning
kettle on even if it works is probably
gonna explode in it whoever sent that
also sent me a coffee machine I'm
probably gonna need the manual I've
never worked a coffee machine before in
my life
I now at a coffee machine and the kettle
thank you for whoever sends me a coffee
machine and a kettle I'm assuming that's
meant to go in there and it is wicked no
way this is so cool
I just urge --nt left the office because
I've received an email from the post
office
Pierre box thing that said Alex
completely Pierre box because it's
getting too full so that's why I'm away
- now coming back that near ladders part
right he said I won't be able to carry
all at once so I need to do numerous
trips the things I did Oh Cheers
just gonna leave that there for now bye
bye Pierre box it says Royal Mail
vehicles only but I think I'm going to
try and park my car like here but at the
moment I'm parked all the way down here
sort of thought this Pierre box thing
might calm down a little bit but there
was boxes and I like boxes then if this
is illegal or not but I'm still doing it
anyway I'm gonna park here oh this is
probably dangerous to drive like this oh
dear
it's another box there we go Bombay's
alright let's go home I've literally
just got back from the office and I've
got a sudden urge I really want to go
fly the drone I wanted to go and chill
and just fly the drone she should be
just round this corner here she is take
one final hug that we made there we go
so we need the drone and the controller
we check that we have sufficient battery
which we do and now we go can you guys
see this cobweb it's a mental ting into
it so I've just arrived here alright I
am at literally my favorite place but I
like to come and fly the drone and look
how the look how the that the sun's come
in through the let's just get this thing
up in the air
see this boat here I'm following this
boat right now it's so cool that was fun
it really calms me down when I've got a
lot of stress and work on I love flying
that thing I have so much stuff I have
so much stuff I have so much stuff I
have so much stuff thank you
I'm just look at my Pierre bucks down to
just this little tiny box and then a day
later
it's everywhere you guys are ruddy
mental he agrees okay he's doing it
again
what I think I'm gonna end up doing is
getting rid of this sofa and getting a
nice little table to put here a little
nice little table just to go in this
corner that I can put my record player
on some speakers and then I can put all
the Pierre Bach stuff underneath it that
way everything looks a little bit more
organizing it going on this sorry state
of a sofa but anyway I've got so much
work in it to do tonight I've got it
edit a boat video got to finish a
wedding video got to send out some
payments to some clients got to make
sure some clients have paid me ah it's a
big night tonight but I just need to get
it all done that's the thing with me
that I always do things I don't want to
do I'll leave them and let them all
build up I should just do it but
tonight's the night where I've just got
to get that stuff done so my name's Alex
you guys have been awesome pet you've
enjoyed today's vlog I'll keep you in
touch in tomorrow's video adding us
Oh
