you know what you know what what a
gorgeous day it is today
you
Oh
you
so Jones and I have just arrived in
Lincoln George has been the real G and
carrying my turntable we need to return
that thing because it doesn't work look
at the brave foot so nice isn't it you
feeling a bit cheeky job Jimmy I'm
feeling a bit cheeky
I feel really cheeky really cheeky the
same the last time I was in Nando's I'm
a camera's fallen the last time I was in
Nando's I left my camera on the table on
purpose recording and I got the best
reaction I'll see if I can find the
video for you guys
chicken butterfly with two sides we're
gonna have chips or Perry salted chips
and garlic bread
what you having gee I don't know did I
do math part in here can I get the
chicken butterfly with Perry salted
chips action there's no bubble chips and
garlic bread and a refill what's my sort
now and extra hot please just wait thank
you everyone was Alex you have it extra
hot and I absolutely love it
extra hot like it is the best I just I
love spice so much like I'm stuck here
sweating a little bit absolutely love it
it's hot but not hot enough
we need more hotness
jobs that looks deadly that thank you
very much this is exactly what we need
get it all over Thank You Nando's for a
lovely definitely not too hot meal my
mouth burning right let's take this
thing back and get a new one
um only here we go don't wind up with a
new one if they don't give me a new one
I'm gonna be all annoyed I managed to
cop the new record player they exchanged
it for a brand new one if this one
doesn't work then I must be doing
something wrong but don't think I am so
I said to Maria I was going to link any
she said can you pick me up some bath
bombs that one's nice I don't know what
this is this is crazy
quit on that one okay and then that one
isn't a linear one petrol get some
pedals and you get out oh okay yeah that
does that okay okay well okay well then
can I can I do both for them yes what
kid thank you very much Cheers
this over here if you live in Lincoln
right that's the angel coffee house
probably one of the best places to get a
coffee in Lincoln and they were just
showing me the owner was you're showing
me on their Twitter they've getting
loads of followers because I constantly
keep shouting them out so guys if you
want a coffin you around Lincoln go to
enjoy coffeehouse drop them a tweet and
say I sent you on the end of coffee our
Twitter it's at Angel coffeehouse I
think and that thing just over there is
wicked
let me be real with you just for one
second
I want to give back to you guys now had
to come into the office to do this
because unfortunately for some bizarre
reason I can't get my work emails to
work on my home computer and the email
that I needed is on my working amount
I've had to come to the office to make
sure that I can do this in today's video
and I can I made a video a few days ago
saying or titled thank you and the
reason I said thank you was for all the
awesome support you guys have left on
the content recently like seriously you
guys have been awesome so supportive and
really supported the fact that I don't
want to make this vlogging thing my job
I just want to bring you guys along for
the journey so I really appreciated that
and I told you guys I promised you that
I try and give back in the form of some
giveaways and I've got a giveaway for
you today now this is just to kick
things off and it's only a small thing
but it's cool been reaching out to loads
of companies recently typing away
emailing them saying hey guys you want
to do a giveaway and these guys replied
now it's a company called net Doomer and
this one's for all you gamers out there
or if you need a new router right you
know Rueter wireless router one of them
ones I'm giving away a revolutionary
gaming router if you want to enter the
link to the description is to tweet that
I've put out all you've got to do is
retweet it follow me on Twitter and
follow net Douma on twitter that's it
you've entered you've got one month this
is just the first giveaway I've got
stuff coming up with Anka soon and I'm
trying to do something with all gato and
some other companies as well I'm working
on it for you guys I promise I'm always
trying to get back to you guys in some
way shape or form because I don't know
if I've ever said this but I really
appreciate you guys coming back and
watching the videos
being supportive it means the world to
me literally the only reason I needed to
come to the office it works
oh my god oh yes and I ever did this
before no oh yeah I never did this
before no I managed to hook it up into
my big amplifier
all right sounds so good now we're
reading a load of reviews online it
turns out this ion record player
isn't even that good like it's not even
a good record player parent you can get
like record players that make it sound
amazing so I need to look into that but
there's no point like I'm trying to get
into vinyl there's no point in going to
the top-end stuff if I don't know what's
going on I need to learn about this
stuff first so that's why I'm going with
the cheaper equipment to start with if
that makes sense
there's no point in wasting money by
let's go
this thing is crap is full of nettles ow
ow ah it's not a chance I'm gonna find
it's got my GoPro on it as well all my
days why here noise I can hear noise
found him there he is
Lisa my GoPro is still on it I don't
know what to do this is just ridiculous
man like what am I going to do if I
might like GoPros got on there anymore
I'm gonna be livid beautiful sunset
ruined by the stupid noise of this thing
just gonna have to wait for the battery
to run out
look at the moon though man ah battery
disconnected here it is what a silly
thing a little I've had to do to my
Jordan
I'm literally I'm not happy like this is
da o metals metals metals running
through Nettles oh it stings ah all my
legs are absolutely killing me and this
drone has got nettles all over it I feel
like I'm getting diseased just touching
it but my GoPro is just about hanging on
by a string literally look at that I've
taken it right out oh I've still got my
GoPro right I'm going to let it dry
first and then clean it then charge the
battery and then try again I'm going to
try one more time
I consider myself to be a fairly decent
drone pilot I mean I fly a drone for my
main job it is my career
and I can't fly that run or 250 at all
and that's mainly because it just flies
off by itself like it did the first time
my arms it cheap nettles guys it's
currently almost 10 o'clock here in the
UK
going to call this video to an end right
now got a few more giveaways coming for
you guys up in the near future to make
sure you drop in a light rating on the
video if you're entering the giveaways
and stuff as I say put more come in and
an open Bob Pierre box stuff on the vlog
as well so you guys everything you guys
needs in the description make sure you
follow all of my social medias and stuff
and yeah I've got like Twitter Instagram
all about it bloated belly blah blah
blah huh - max you guys been awesome
stay on some keep smiling and I'll catch
you in tomorrow's video I guess
Oh
