thumb it's working it's ready and
roaring to go there was so much dust in
this wait a minute there was so much
dust in this room it was clogging up my
PC it kept blue screen in I've don't
know what was happening so I'll cleaned
all the dust out of it it works
yay yeah I bought a record player in the
week and it didn't work kept skipping
your drink on us this is my camera like
it
big isn't it yeah can you can you say
nice piece of care nice piece of kit
though this is my granddad's loft and he
used to have so much stuff up here like
so much more stuff than there is now why
is this I look at this thing it's like a
merry-go-round this is amazing hello
whoa
god I think I found something amazing
look at these things it's two of them oh
my days these are amazing this is a cool
lot this is a cool off you got some cool
things up here this is wicked
what's that merry-go-round thing how
long have you had that for
oh my life about that all you lie it's
mental even realize it has your name on
it
we're oh my god it does and there's all
the horses for it this is amazing
you've just got sheds and sheds worth of
stuff like these are mental like with
all the crazy stuff I love coming around
and seeing my granddad because he's got
like dementia so like it's really
difficult to hold a conversation with
him because he just doesn't know what
he's talking about and he's got all this
gear in the loft and in the garages and
he wants me to try and take it all away
from him and I don't really know what to
do with it all so uh giveaway time maybe
I don't know man but I love coming to
see them even though I can't speak to my
guns are properly because he doesn't
know what he's talking about half the
time it's nice to come and see them me
again the blog blog can you blog for me
I've been at Mia's for last hour she
doesn't want to show her face and now
I'm going home and I know thank you
I'm leaving I'm a bull I thought you
said oh good
Oh No Oh No I've left my window open
slightly and look at my seat
Oh sugar and he said Oh sugar that's
well posh oh it's so wet I know my
window is left open the slightest bit
and I so we're finally back home got a
wet book I've got a parcel a need to
open as well it's just down here here it
is it's in this little thing
and I need this super bad do you know
why because Apple want to make a laptop
with one USB C port and that's really
helpful Apple thanks do you guys look at
this laptop it's literally the only port
it's got right and I want to put my
phone into it and think some music to it
but I just can't about to buy an adapter
sick so hopefully if I set this tripod
up here nicely we can we can do this and
also I saw a comment on yesterday's
video that said I really respect Alex
for making these vlogs not his job and
the amount of effort that I put into
these videos and stuff and yeah I really
appreciate that thank you very much for
the kind words you guys have been
leaving in the comment section down
below
there we go Wow I love Amazon parcels
they just like the most satisfying
things to open and literally this okay
they sent me two of them cool
are we ready comprehensive review time
cool there we go these little adapters
hopefully they work they were really
cheap on Amazon pretty much you take a
lightning cable got my favorite ones
here from anchor and current literally
my favorite cable for companies company
for cables I'm such an idiot and so you
plug this in there you plug this in in
there and then you plug this in so there
it works I'm charging but will iTunes
recognize that I have a phone plugged in
yes it does it works cool mission
accomplished
thank you little five pound flat plastic
box sick just got a game early going my
keyboard is wicked look it does the you
press the button on here it does the
ability on the actual keyboard it's
wicked also got the the game on the game
on telly um tells me how to
you see this this is a Ben & Jerry's
item
more specifically cookie dough ice cream
that's currently empty and this is wait
a minute
Domino's pizza box which is empty I've
got a food baby right now let's open
some Pierre boxes still allow me that
looks like me doesn't it there's me
candy
we've got para bows and more hair bows I
never know whether to eat stuff that
people send me in the peer box it just
scares me a little bit oh I dropped it
sent me a lovely letter right he sent me
his phone case to sign and I want to say
something about this because they get
things like this all the time right if
you're gonna send me something to sign
make sure you send a separate envelope
with your address on it with a stamp on
it so I can just go and put it in the
red post box and make sure it's a kid
can fit in the red post box then what I
can do is sign your guys things and then
easily post them back to you pop it back
into the envelope that's provided close
it up and put it in the pile of stuff
that I need to send back to you guys
that is the proper way to do it oh my
god he's drawn my logo and all the stuff
of my clothes
dude this is amazing what is your name
sir Oh his name is down here oh wow dude
this is wicked I've got no space left on
my door I need to find another place to
hang things like this up I don't know
I'm gonna do it though somewhere in the
office I think so oh look at his
handwriting
Oh what I'm doing well it's a letter
inside a letter oh my god I'm going to
wear it now dear Alex hello my name is
Ethan it made my day when I saw you a
notification that you liked my picture
on Instagram yeah I learned through a
few a few guys comment on my Instagram
post and like it and I sometimes I go
and click through you guys just to check
you out and if I like your photos of
course I'll give them a like you're an
inspiration to me and you've helped me
through tough times I did I really
appreciate this man thank you for the
letter dude I appreciate it another
drawing I can literally not draw like
this guy's Haley's my name is Lorenzo
and I'm from Washington it's so cool
that you finally have a PA box
Washington this is Washington's a long
way
oh it's a wireless charger oh no it is a
wireless charger you plug a microUSB
cable into it and then you can put back
a wireless device them to win it starts
charging your phone that's wicked
unfortunately I have an iPhone so that's
not gonna work but but it's still a cool
concept thank you so much guys for
making videos and don't stop
Lorenzo Mars bar all the way thank you
very much though for my wireless charger
ah this is so cute oh this is so cute
all I can see is a label on it this has
found this in Lewis's room so don't have
found this in Lewis's room don't have
added the pet P Lewis's mum smiley face
this is still really cute even though I
can't read what it says this is a big
thing so I'm assuming what would send
something back somebody got a stamp on
it what do I need to send back to you
mate it's in a plastic wallet he said hi
Alex I've been watching you now for such
a long time I would say how
inspirational you are you make me try
and improve why I'm like now and think
of positive things what you've told me
on YouTube and I just wanted to say
thank you I'm 13 you're a boy and I'm in
love with your vlogs I watch them every
day now and his mum found this in his
room and he hadn't sent it so his mum
sent it for him that is so cute
keep doing what you're doing you're my
role model man I look up to you thanks
for being there Louis thanks for the
message my friend it's stuff like this
that makes me just like rethink this
whole YouTube thing is insane hey guys
it's my birthday on the 2nd of July see
you guys the best to me birthday present
I'm looking forward to my jacket right
let's see what's in here
that's so cool no way please please
please please please please please
please please
everyone go subscribe to Katie's channel
I watched every one of your vlogs and I
love going on my phone everyday knowing
you have uploaded a video I wanted to
send you a letter for ages and now you
have a peer box I can yay Katie these
are wicked the first year I've been
opening a lot of these peer box messages
off-camera and I feel really bad because
pretty much all of them say Alex please
open them in the vlog but I feel like if
we did that
I just wouldn't be vlogging like I just
wouldn't be able to go out the whole
video would pretty much me just be open
there's so much stuff here like so much
stuff
so much stuff and I don't know what to
do so can you guys let me know what to
do in the comments we've really
appreciated might have to bed no you go
to Mackey's bright see guys it's about 2
a.m. right now I'm gonna end today's
vlog here haven't done my hair all day I
just looked in the shower mirror and I
was like oh my god I just haven't done
it all day so I apologize for that and
but yeah anyway but it's been my
Saturday no since Sunday today there's a
spider on the wall I'll get you my
friend what are you doing we have this
bin my Sunday what a pretty lazy Sunday
actually the laziest one I've had in a
while I've still got a load of worked
and I was finishing off a wedding video
and stuff like that just random bits and
bobs
but yeah anyway might as Mike's you guys
been awesome college city goes around
this upcoming week and I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog adios
