you film in slow motion still right at
where can you go slow motion shots for
me babe of what we're not doing anything
we are we're in a car just just be
creative with it that's what I mean like
this is why people think they can't like
pick up a camera just point in the
window is that right big just pick this
bed pinpoint it or something and film it
and in slow motion it will look cool for
promise you right I'm going to include
loads of Moorea slow-motion clips so so
if they if they're if they're crap then
let me know there should be good though
film loads now
being a pro vlog assistant every vlog
clips for the day man I'm just filling
your hands face face any discipline
cities because it is bad don't let go
that camera you ready for this no no I'm
gonna stop filling it if you're not
going to sing stupid I'm not getting
something be stupid quick Sunday lunch
don't start today lunch at the water's
edge we might not get eggs is too busy
and there's like a festival thing on
over there
three and a half hours later this is
you're taking about three hours to get
this meal sucked Saturday afternoon just
on my way now to the office I've got a
load of work need to get done and I'm
only gonna get that done if I'm really
productive because I've hardly got any
time got my shorts on the weather was
good Ellie when we went out for food
which by the way we started Bala call
now the weather looks horrible
doesn't work nothing to do with this
thing and these things I attempted to
fix this yesterday and I couldn't get
this one in for the life of me with my
fingers hopefully this should help
made a bit of a mess while screwing in
the final screws for the poles so I need
the Hoover to clean this up
need to talk about something it is the
perfect day to talk to you guys about it
because earlier Maria said this what
we're not doing anything we are we're in
a car just just be creative with it
that's what I mean like this is why
people think they can't like pick up a
camera Bishop and she says no I don't
want to film I don't want to film
anything because it will look bad and
I'm like no it won't
well no it won't where's your
self-confidence where's your drive now I
hear people say all the time I'm just
not a driven person I can't do this I
can't do that yada yada yada shut up
you've got one person that's doing
something over here and you've got one
person that's doing something over here
this person has done something and he's
done it well and this person saying oh I
wish I could do what he's doing but I
can't I don't know how
there's no such word as can't the word
people need to search for is mindset
everything is mindset absolutely
everything let me explain now this is
what I used to struggle with a lot and
until you change your mindset you're
Caroline struggling with it and it'll
carry on eating away at you so say if I
wanted to do something right I want you
to do something I to accomplish
something right I'm a a little voice in
my head may say something along the
lines of like if you fail you'll be a
failure or something like what if you
can't do it what if you don't have that
talent what if you just can't do it in
if you try something and don't succeed
the voice in your head might say Alex I
told you you couldn't do it I told you
you couldn't do it right from the start
and the way to overcome this is
recognize that you have a choice and you
do you do have a choice if you have an
idea in your head and you want to engage
that idea you want to do it you want you
made maybe you want to build something
maybe you want to do this maybe you want
to do that and you think that you can
listen to the negative mindset that says
you can't do it and talk back to that
negative mindset with a positive mindset
a quick example would be something along
the lines of your negative mindsets
saying hey Alex you can't do this why
are you even trying
I would then talk back to that negative
mindset with something along the lines
of yeah but if I do fail at least I've
learned something and that is how to
train the mind oh dear oh dear is it
gonna work oh it works I fixed it and I
didn't think I'd be able to fix it and I
fixed it yesterday I arrived at home
base to pick up the things that I
thought I would need to fix this thing
and I was there in the shop thinking I
can't do this I don't know what to do
I'm gonna have to get someone to come
and help fix it because I can't do it
myself
negative mindset thought to myself Alex
no prove yourself wrong by what you
think you need go with the gut and go
back and fix it I'm not going anywhere
what are you worrying for what in the
world needed to finish off or collect
some clips for a wedding video that I
shot about a month ago gonna go home and
edit that wedding video now bye bye
office there we go genuinely can't
believe this turnaround woman it's like
term and the next minute is Doug I've
been stuck here for two hours editing
this wedding video re-edited it rather
and this was the happy with some of the
stuff that I put in it so every edited
it all and put moved a few bits about
and now I'm happy with this wedding
video it's sick
that was the wedding I shot about a
month and a half ago on the vlogs if you
want to go and check that out go on the
channel and there's a vlog of me
shooting this wedding the thing is I've
shot weddings before and I've used other
people's content like copy written
content and images and stuff and I got
royally screwed over and I don't want
you guys to do the same I know a lot of
you guys are into doing YouTube and
content creation and making things and
that's great because I love creative
people so I want to share this with you
I've got like a thing for you guys this
is a website called graphic stop
right and I signed up to it and I
absolutely loved it so I reached out to
them because I knew you guys would like
it and I said guys your website is
wicked can you get some accounts and
free accounts for my audience and they
were like we can't really do free
accounts but we can give you audience a
7-day free trial so I was like oh it's
better than nothing so I'll put a link
at the description for you guys if you
want it but this is a graphic stock and
all the images on here you can use
they're not any of your work whether you
doing wedding videos for clients like I
am right now or you're trying to make a
youtube video on Oh Linus tech tips uses
things like this all the time in their
videos pretty much it's really funny
actually you type in what you want and
you can just download it and use it in
your work so say for some reason you
want a woman that's bending over and
some sort of really weird angle you can
just click download it will download it
and then three seconds later that image
is yours to do what you want with you
guys see the wallpapers on my computer
my work card anywhere once these ones
all the images behind these are from
graphic stops if you guys want to make
your own computer wallpapers they want
computer wallpapers you can use graphic
stock folding because all the images are
in insane quality now I managed to get
you guys to hook up with some free
accounts some 7-day free trial so if you
want them get them quick before they go
I'll put a link in the description if I
remember I always forget to do things
like that don't I speaking of giving
back to you guys as I mentioned in
yesterday's love all the support
recently has been absolutely insane so
I'm working on some giveaways for you
guys as well as doing stuff like this
with graphic stark and giving you guys
free accounts and stuff I want to give
you guys I want to give back to you guys
in every way shape or form and so I'm
gonna be doing some giveaways I've got
some stuff with net Doomer coming up
soon I've got some stuff with Corsair
coming up soon and got some stuff with
anchor coming up soon just gonna do a
load of giveaways for you guys just to
give back to you this is the best thing
you can ever do literally it feels so
good to do it and I'm about to do it
this is my productivity board alright
all the things that I need to do one
here as well as all of my goals setting
a goal and destroying that goal
okay it's been hung there that long it's
kind of stuck on the boards
honestly setting goals and destroying
them is the funnest thing ever
I've just been sorting through all of
this I think I'm gonna have to open some
of this stuff tomorrow because there is
just so much stuff in here it's unreal
I'm gonna win today's vlog here guys I
really do hope you've enjoyed it if you
have a like rating would be much
appreciated my eyes Malick's you guys
been awesome stay awesome keep smiling
and I'll catch you in the next one which
will be tomorrow obviously adios
you
