so before before today's vlog starts I
need to say something right and there's
two words to this major thing that I
need to say those two words or boil down
to the two words thank you thank you
thank you thank you very much right for
numerous reasons number one on my vlog
channel we've just surpassed 200,000
subscribers I think we're on 200,000
think we're on 200 and when I started
this thing out with my phone near
Christmas time saying I was going to do
daily vlogs didn't ever expect anything
like this to happen so thank you as long
as you guys keep enjoying me showing you
guys around how I work what I do for
business then that's cool I don't want
this vlog thing to be my job because
then that's not a vlog that's me waking
up every morning to vlog I want my life
to be my life and I want to vlog it and
you guys can see what I get up to the
moment I say vlogging is my job it's not
vlogging anymore so we're not doing that
and secondly I just want to say we've
had we've had over 3,000 signups already
on my new social media platform that
I've been working on called cutie right
Wow 3000 sign if you guys broke the
website you broke it I was having a go
at the team the cutie the actual team
down at QT headquarters in New York I
was like guys get the website back
online people need to get signing up so
there's been a few hiccups this is the
first ever launched you guys are the
first people on it so thank you for
3000th almost 3,000 signups on the
website this is insane and also I want
to show you guys something that someone
tweeted me I was on Twitter last night I
checked my Twitter mentions to see what
you guys are saying to apply to a few of
you guys and someone called at chill
underscore tube tweeted me and he said
it's absolutely amazing to see this app
work hashtag cutie so I thought that
he's attached a picture what's the
picture and the picture was of his
YouTube video that he
made and someone had commented on his
youtube video saying hey I saw your post
on cutie Mars bars new app I'm also a
youtuber and I'd like to make content as
well would you be interested in a
potential partnership that is the power
of QT and we haven't even gotten started
yet how I need to go okay no let me go
up here earlier and then it it was died
and that I was killed me but done work
today we've done work today for tech
blow videos filmed main channel video
edited and uploading ready for well by
the time you guys are watching this
yesterday night a 6-3 hundreds of East
let's go to the shop
oh my god wheres jet you're telling me
these go in the microwave choose those
little chips put in the microwave hello
thing I would say yeah oye have a good
jab how do we not know right I need to
get this fixed because it's a bit of an
issue it stopping us from getting up
into the secret room to do any sort of
productive work we needed me up there to
do work that's why one of those take
both sexes and also vouchers really
irritating me it took us so long to put
this thing together and
rossina bed eddie makuch
Oh
bye
I coming here every single day by now I
should know exactly where to find
exactly what I want I dont still don't
got to be down here something down here
I need a role plug that's going to work
in plaster board so I think exactly what
i need this this this this and this I
don't really know for making sense to
myself nevermind you guys so hopefully
this is what I need hopefully this
should work sure thank you very much so
bought this from home of all this this
this this so hopefully if I put all this
together it should work
by midnight not
up to 200 kilograms convert 200
kilograms system that would be 31.4
knowing stone I think we can get this
man I think we're going to break
hey I can finally now get up here
absolutely fine wicked we've got plans
for this place plan design if tech flow
reaches 250,000 subscribers villa board
this room out and put carpet in it and
do some cool stuff with it like I have
like a music setup here it's a proper
lighting and some numerous of the sets
protect flow so there's plans for min
this plans for me and I'm just happy
that this room is now done the video on
the main channel is live Jed's can now
work on tape low videos cool that's why
I was thinking about like earlier I saw
a picture of this room when I was first
looking around this place looking for
what room we could have here in this
massive office building saw this one
instantly fell in love with it but the
colors of the walls were diabolical if i
can find the photo i'll put it on screen
now but i didn't be able to find it's on
my phone about thousands of pictures on
there but what this wall here was like a
hobo lime green color it's just crazy
how much stuff we've done to it paint
the walls made the desk got all the
setup there's so much stuff that's gone
into it and I just find that like
incredible how much stuff that's gone
into an ambush has changed since the
start and it all starts this is the best
of it all starts with an idea Jojo
trainers in literally seven minutes mate
with cutting it with quitting it tight
we always quit tight this weather oh
it's turned horrible it was decent
earlier I even took this in flyer out
earlier didn't know you over then yeah
bye mate see you soon my whoa finally
home it's half past ten ah I've recorded
for videos today three videos for tech
flow one vlog and one video for the main
channel but a load of emails fix a load
of stuff in the office I'm dying a
little bit
I'm going to be honest with you guys so
tomorrow on the vlog i think i'm going
to open some peer boxes because um I
need a break of going out and carrying
this camera around with me and filming
my life just for a day so I'm gonna open
some peer box stuff on tomorrow's vlog
obviously go out on vlog but like I do
some peer box stuff in it as well but
load stuff need to open its gonna
collect the pier box as well ah but
anyway that's it for now Meyers Malik's
you guys been awesome snails and keep
smiling I really do hope you are
enjoying the content I've been creating
and thank you for all the wicked awesome
insane support but I just like to give
me a sec 200,000 subscribers amazing
100,000 views every vlog for the last
week amazing you guys equals amazing
thank you very much miles bikes you guys
been awesome stay up and keep smiling
you want to chat to do it on cutie or on
twitter and i'll see you in my next
video
Oh
I
