oh no no no no no way what where's all
yesterday's vlog clips gone missing data
for these clips I've edited the vlog
edited to render it where's the clips
gone oh oh please tell me I didn't
format the membercard please Tim I
didn't format the memory card please
tell me I didn't format the memory card
I didn't format the memory card yes
yesterday's vlog is all uploaded if you
guys haven't checked out yesterday's
vlog it's all about like the new thing
that I'm doing with with this new
company called q-tip if you guys haven't
checked it out a really recommend you do
so
my phone's ringtone so I'm actually
going to Meadowhall today again to pick
up my little MacBook hopefully hopefully
Apple have managed to repair it
successfully and not lose any of my data
ooh
get some edible Jordans in my bus
janitor Alex you can't eat - what my car
does need to wash mate can you wash it
for me yeah
today were going to Meadowhall to pick
up the laptop and Jordan's blog in
persons log it's a bit different than
usual hopefully it's good
she's cookies here we're going to get
some cookies a bit later if you can't go
wrong with cookies they're just
brilliant send them back
here we are okay
gaku up a sonic space near the video I
got a bit of a mixed habit it's very
attractive
we're all we got we got told off for
filming in the Apple store but the
laptop hey wicked I need the toilet yeah
Joe's hideaway
right look here but where should we I
reckon we go to I went to it's five guys
because they do burgers their own jets
avert a vegan you're vegan yeah oh my
god we can he's a vegan began over
matter because Kelly just begun I saw
like every other person you already Chad
I can't look at you at the same way mate
okay we call goats five guys as any
three of us dinner five guys have
ordered the five guys some other lamps
thank you
nice god I just hit 200,000 subscribers
today today I hit that so I'm gonna be
the 200,000 one
I'm in heaven
I'm literally in heaven this is insane
oh my god stuff everywhere the co j cole
take and k you know but two favorite
people of all time and the button i'm
buying these right so they've got k know
made in the manor and j cole and I'm
gonna get this record player oh my god I
know this was like a bit sudden and
everything but k know is just amazing
cool thank you very much jairs
Tokiko got old on numerous times for
filming inside Meadowhall numerous times
I'm not talking once I'm talking like
twice kind of fun with time-lapse and
the guide the security guard was like
guys you have a license to film that's
like I've got a license to kill and then
he said no we're from college and I said
no we actually go attend college and we
tried to a college project but well I'm
hung this thing and you're not allowed
to go on this thing and I'm gonna
time-lapses water here and do a thing
called frame blending and hopefully
it'll look absolutely awesome
oh you make a static dated really
appreciate it right mate go sing me a
song
you didn't tape my video yeah cool right
to the back we'll look I'm just leaving
the office to go and see Mia for a bit
because yesterday's vlog is just gone
live
and then yesterday's vlog I was talking
about the new company I'm working for
called QT the little social media
website that we're trying to make work
for businesses and stuff and a wide the
people on the vogue channel you guys to
be the first people on it now Joe
Balfour Meadowhall video went live going
to the office about half past six of the
video been up half an hour 1,100 of you
guys had signed up to the website but
the website was down so I wanted to
start replying to you guys on the
website and talking to you interactively
on the website but you guys does that
many of you trying to get on it it's
down the website went down so I've had
I've just literally Baalak to the team
and been like guys the websites down
what's going on people trying to get
online it's not working so out so
they're working on it and while they're
working on it I'm gonna go see me for a
bit arrived at me as some idiot was
driving file too fast around a blind
Bend on almost took the phone end of my
car out
people need to drive slower
especially when there's blind bands
right back in the office I'm a little
sweaty I've just recorded a load of
b-roll for the main channel video yes
I'm loading a main channel video
tomorrow hoorah
this is a little teaser for it
I love my new
has a little coffee sugar hey - yes
favorite place at night like if you
close this door just like the lighting
in here that we've managed to whip up
it's just all like just so nice we're
taking that mirror down or jet took it
down because he didn't like it it's not
there I need some Justin malar or some
album artwork up there I'm not sure what
to put up there something cool feeling
capture something cool we also need
something there as well
I can final vinyl wrap thing you know I
say - Vince coming out the top of my a
vinyl wrap license coming out the top of
your computer Keys phone let's go
Stefan my man Hayden say hi to the vlog
yo yo thanks get a wax buggy back salmon
gonna be the day no Stefan bar my xbox
and he's now feeling remorse he's giving
it back to me it's not liking it yeah
seriously make it good bye everyone
I bought this record player today right
I've been reluctant to buy one for a
long time because people have been
telling me that record players producing
insane sound quality and I didn't
believe it when I first heard it so I
put the interpret living waiver to find
out if I do it myself
what else do you want so you put a lot
on loan don't need it Jimmy you want the
truth will come in listen I'm gonna sign
it before you Fred it keeps skipping the
record player wing is broken not cool
really not cool can I shake it back to
the shop I was looking forward to that
and it's disappointed me ah beyond
annoyed at that god damn record player I
really wanted to listen to Cato with the
crackle in the background but clearly
not not gonna work
take that back try and get and I saw but
no look with anything just runs out with
everything doesn't it hope it is gonna
be a good main Channel video coming
tomorrow now to sticky out medical today
laptop all works fine but for now my
Alex you guys been awesome snails and
keep smiling and I'll catch you in
tomorrow's video
catch you in it adios
Oh
you
