I'm a pastor the keys lock the door how
is going on here someone crashed
all of his stuffs falling out of his
tractor
oh listen
I'll pull embarrassing that table looks
even more impressive than it in the
daytime that it is at night yeah it was
really cool yeah that light just looks
right down to the table perfectly good
morning guys how y'all doing
my name is of course I like to welcome
back to another video bin to pick up the
a 6300 this morning we realized that it
would be a great camera to use here at
Tech flow for the dual camera setup for
the table so we now have that in our
hands Jed what are you doing this is
heavy this tripod man how cool is that
look at this setup here so the cameras
gonna go there to soft boxes and then I
look like that really really really
clean with these two soft boxes so you
can see every single spot on my face
including the massive one that's just
above my lip yay so brats go ahead and
record now for tech flow we're doing a
it's really cool I they're actually
we're doing a tech flow top 5 tech for
Father's Day which should be really
really fun Jeff what are you doing mr.
stupid mirror dad one solar panel two
solar panel one battery bank two battery
bank slowly saving the world one battery
bank at a time we've just filmed two
tech flood videos up here we finally
managed to use the set which is wicked
and I think it worked really well with
the multi-camera setup got this camera
right here and the 8300 down there cool
right we just get some b-roll for the
top 5 video we're doing for Father's Day
almost finished doing that you enjoyed
the camera jet is it really good
absolutely recommend it for YouTube yeah
I'm gonna want on your percent barn on
these things
oh you actually yeah I need some food
god damnit
got food which come somewhere quiet and
peaceful to talk to you guys cool right
today's the day you guys have been
bombarding with questions absolutely
smashing me with them saying Alex you've
been hinting at this new company been
working with recently what's the crack
when are you gonna tell us about this
brand new social media platform now bear
with me here I've got a lot of stuff to
say and it's all really good and let me
kick this off by saying you guys you
guys are gonna be the first people on
this brand new social media platform you
guys on my vlog channel are gonna be the
first people on this platform now first
off I want to say yes you guys are gonna
be the first people on it you are and
there's gonna be problems there really
it's and you guys are all the test
subjects right what what you guys to do
is hear me out and after you've heard me
out go into the scription sign up to the
social media website create yourselves
an account and start using it and let me
know if you guys find any hiccups or
anything to do with there anything you
might want changing you guys let me know
in the comments or on Twitter so let me
tell you more about beauty
now QT is an upcoming social media
platform but it's not social media in
the way that Facebook and Twitter is QT
is a social media platform like reddit
right and I hate ready I've never been
on it and I just think it's when what
I've been told it's just full of rubbish
now I didn't invent the idea for QT none
of this website is my idea
I am just part of the QT team and I have
been for quite some time now and I'm
just there working on how to improve the
website and different bits like that how
to make it better
for the users so QT is a social media
platform like Reddit where you can
create pages or qts and on those pages
you can create topics so you could
create a QT about vlogging right and you
could have a page about vlogging and on
there you can ask questions do polls
loads of stuff absolutely looser stuff
it's really cool so for instance I could
have a QT page I could create a QT page
about vlogging cameras right and on that
page I could say to you guys let me know
what your favorite vlogging camera is
you guys can then put a response to that
you can reply in a poll if I made a poll
available but the key where QT is fairly
cool in my opinion is when you write
your reply you tag your reply so what if
your reply was the sony a7s camera is
really good quality that's a good
comment so you tagged your comment with
good bad or indifferent right and then
what I can do because I've created that
page I can go through that and see all
the good comments or the bad comments
and all the neutral comments it's really
cool and it's really good for gathering
information so I've created a few pages
on QT where I'm gonna be trying to you
guys about different things I've got a
few pages on drones you guys have gone
there and asked me loads of questions
I'm gonna try to be really interactive
on there I've got pages about drones
cameras little bits of technology all of
my YouTube channels so tech flow Mars
bar vlogs and Mars bar I've all got
their own qt pages I put links to a more
in the description guys click the link
go sign up get yourself on the website
and let me know what you think
oh my cuties at the moment I got one
with tech flow I've got request feedback
from me so if you guys write this
sick you guys have got YouTube channels
and you want me to check them out post
your YouTube channels on this cutie
right pretty much what you can then do
is to wait for some feedback on your
channel from myself how cool is that so
as I've said you guys are the first
people on this first people on this
thing
I don't know it's gonna be like still in
beta but I think it's gonna be cool for
a juicy bit cool I want to go fly drones
I'm gonna get five drones well I'm gonna
get five burners like catching a bit I
mean see you later
yeah guys what's that yeah he's doing is
it's like you're putting like a streamer
on the back of it and it's gonna come
off if you can fly this thing now jobs
if you learn how to fly it
it's a different one for these four
that the most fascinating problem in the
world is Who am I
what do you mean what do you feel when
you say the word I
by myself
I don't think it can be any more
fascinating
because it's so mysterious
your battery died
no I'm a it's long over there oh no
that's the first time for everything and
now I'm gonna fly this thing if I can
take it off first time which I won't be
able to let's give it a go right I'm
just putting that back yeah and give it
to us so pull back your right stick
full throttle are you ready
I'm wait I keep losing their head you
behind there bring it closer back to me
oh my god shoot myself
aim okay look wait literally good single
best first flight I've ever seen as a
dick hey it's getting dark now Jordan
isn't it you did shoot it
I'm glowing over there six three hundred
guys have other qualities like why is it
why is it really smooth Oh got nine four
okay and it's a nice smooth kissing
24fps cool bro mate see you tomorrow I
don't have a gorilla pod on this 8300
I've left
7's in the car and the battery said on
that thing as well but yeah I might have
got a greater part of this it was a bit
further out it's a really good camera
for vlogging isn't it but you could get
like a wider lens ba is a really cool
camera for vlogging but autofocus is
just mental okay I just know that it's
auto focusing I don't even have to know
it is and I'm in focus now and our main
focus now mental so yeah guys I hope you
enjoy Qt as I say it is still in beta at
the moment and I'm part of the team of
the guys that's working on like the user
interaction on the website trying to
make it better for the users and adding
new features that users want to see so
guys get yourself signed up to it ask me
some questions on my pages
feel free to interact with me on there
I'm gonna try and talk to you guys over
on QT go and sign up links in the
description
you know what I'm gonna create a page
about this little camera here the a
sticks 300 right it's a thousand pounds
right I've switched to it now there we
go put this little Manfrotto grip on it
so I can hold it out what do you guys
think of this it's just with the
vlogging cameras for me right it's about
the quality than the autofocus if I can
have amazing autofocus bro just focuses
ridiculously fast on like whatever I
want it to super super fast like this
their mark is exactly what I want
the mass exactly what it does so I don't
know I don't know it's a lot cheaper
than this camera almost twice as cheap
and I just think it's such a good
alternative I really do let me know in
the comments down below
mine is metallics you guys been awesome
I don't know what to do here stay
awesome keep smiling and I'll catch you
in my next video adios
