my car is filthy good morning guys
welcome back to another vlog there's two
things they talked about before today's
vlog starts and yeah the first one is
that the weather recently has been
absolutely awful and I've really wanted
to take the drone out the last few days
but because of the weather I haven't
been able to do that so the weather is
good today we'll take the drone out
right second thing my outro to my vlogs
the music that I use is one of my
favorite songs ever but I always use it
at the end of every video where would I
use my favorite song at the end ever
video let us use it at the start but why
did we do both of those things together
why don't we put my favorite song with
some drone clips I need to go to the
office so let's put the drone in
autopilot
and let you get some shots of me driving
let's see if we can do this
Oh
guys was that cool hopefully la was
really cool brownie to belt the drone in
now so it doesn't fly about as I'm
driving there we go
hopefully that was wicked we didn't it
just opening the package from Manfrotto
there they make camera gear and they
sent me whatever that is nice pocket
skittles boys it rode in home base we're
trying to look for a table for the
unboxing setup for tech flow so why were
in this bed I don't know but I do fight
one for all high school so build our own
desk it's not I'll be able to small
really aren't they look good being
home-based ours is love looking up tools
and all the drills and all the stuff
it's brilliant
I love it
you're not be able to fit anywhere
you're not gonna go down there with this
area we're gonna get all the way they
should be
it's raining outside quite bad like
quite bad looking we took the very night
earlier where's my other job oh because
we've got a table to build and we've got
a thing to put just it still looks so
cool man honest now only we do both of
them together hey I've just had a
revolutionary idea bear with me a sec Oh
Edifier scent of the soundbar one of the
things I need to do today is get this
thing mounted on the wall so you
probably thinking Alex what's the
complication just mount it on the wall
like any normal of the human being would
now on the wall good job but it's gonna
be difficult to do that so what I'm
thinking is because the sub roof is
wireless there's a lot of space behind
this TV I was just gonna mount that just
behind the TV point it up slice bet is
not as good as having it here but to be
fair I don't really want to see it
because the TV looks awesome
success we're trying to make a table to
go here it'll make sense as we do it
this is the table for the tip flow step
I need to put legs on it the standing
one you let you stand here yeah just a
job
oh hey guys what does that look like for
like tech flow doing just unboxings just
for the unboxing not reviews and stuff
just do think it's cool jet I think it's
really cool I think it's working really
good and then we have like another
camera over there with you on a tripod
listen look sick I'm stoked
step two doing we haven't hardly any
space in this office this is cool
and I like it and hopefully it's gonna
make some cool videos for the tech
channel I'm happy and all the softbox
lights are just controlled by this
switch they turn them on boom they're on
turn off the switch when you leave in
and they're off simple as that and then
you turn this switch off cool it's
obviously such a state man when the
spell
cool
all clean now on the floor so this is
the breakfast bar we're going to be
having like a toaster bagels obviously
and jazz got ahead and bought us most
cool if it a day in jail and we're not
thinking yeah we cool right you ready to
go hello mate sorry about that
nobody so good stuff doing they're so
stoked about the new tech flow set oh
it's so cool I just watched it
absolutely ages Jed's here playing on
the laptop and he's I think he's living
it just absolutely smashed my dominoes I
ate it like - probably too quickly I'm
probably gonna feel a bit Hills is my
Domino's here peace the legend the
mighty Mars the best feature if you got
if you got don't you want to get
Domino's right next let me do it type in
a pizza legend the mighty Mars get it
and see if you like it that's my pizza
legend and I like it it's nice it's got
barbecue sauce or stuffed crust I've
been wanting to get the tape flow set
done for so long finally managed to do
it which is brilliant gonna be recording
videos in there all day tomorrow but I'm
actually reveals it I'm revealing
something to you guys tomorrow about a
new company I've been working with and
that's gonna be all about tomorrow's
vlog so hopefully you guys are stoked
for that but for now my as max you guys
have been awesome stay loose and keep
smiling and I'll catch you in my next
video you ready for it
I'm gonna do what we did yesterday okay
adios
