my name and today guys I'm feeling super
super good because well it's so much
Christmas but right now today I think
I've only just got myself into the
Christmas spirit because today well
short Jim session because I've got a
meal a Christmas meal so as you guys
know Tojo is round last night we had a
bit of a lounge session here because I
hadn't seen my friend Toby in such a
long time and when we do see each other
we like to go shopping and play game so
if that's your cup pretend you didn't
see yesterday's vlog go and watch that
we had a little cookie Lance out right
here but for now desk is all tidy I need
to get ready
tweeting guys other presidents loaded in
the car we've actually got a little bit
of some today so I think I think it's
time to go probably wondering why I'm
doing Christmas with my mom early well
my mum and my dad to split up
I spend Christmas Day with my dad so
therefore needs fun time to see my mom's
it's kind of like my Christmas Day ish
kind of today
my mother have a go Christmas right then
guys is going to be one of these today
because well again for some reason let's
just move all this off to the side so
first off a brilliant meal with mum and
my girlfriend that was well that was
super nice to see my mom for Christmas
but again feels like there's nothing in
here I'm just all gonna spend a a second
opening this because once this came to
my house a dress again a neighbor gave
it to me people trying to guess my
address please don't do this
send it to the PIO box for crying out
loud it is preface this literally has
nothing in it oh my god oh wow all it
has it is a memory stick and and know
what why the wide the box I don't stand
for about one-twentieth of the cost you
could have got this letter to me it's
part of me hey just want to see how much
I love and respect your videos
well Barnaby I just wanna see how much I
love and respect your packaging I mean
like you mental on the USB stick is my
favorite you and Jacob have ever done
together really really before I can use
the memory stick half to format it and
you've gone to all this all this trouble
to send me send me in this massive box
that's it I'm going I'm leaving that's
it I'm off it's in a bit
you know that's really annoyed me that
house that that kid went all the way to
find my personal address well soon they
could put in like a thirty P envelope
sent it to me you put it in like a box
pay for the postage well guys they try
and counteract it you know what isn't
upsetting processes now guys this may
not or may be a protest if it isn't we
have it's cruelly we have truly truly
screwed up and no guys to my wealth I
want to say surprise in the Christmas
Post we have received ourselves now this
is the core i5 eighty six hundred k LJ
one one five one why have you gone i
five well mainly because the new coffee
like high sevens are really expensive
and I've got money kicking around and
i-5 is is fine for us
guys the stream is tomorrow I'm buzzing
I literally guys cannot wait for the
stream tomorrow here is everything on
this desk that we will be building on
the stream this is the computer now we
still don't have everything here for a
computer we are gonna have to rip this
one to pieces we have to take the water
cooler out of this one and the PSU
obviously don't forget the case that
just doesn't fit on this desk this bad
boy I'll just put it underneath the desk
for now guys is gonna be so so fun I
couldn't think of a better way to spend
two hours of my time then well
sat here with you guys chatting to you
interacting with you on a really
personal level over a live stream and at
the same time building a computer
I'm literally literally buzzing I can't
wait right then do you guys know my
friend Barney throughout the whole of
school he was my he was my best friend
the whole second school he was your best
friend and they said that if you're
friends with someone for over seven
years it's a friendship for a lifetime
I've been friends with him now for like
eight years the last two of those years
as you guys know he's been traveling and
you know that because last year I went
out to New Zealand and I troubled New
Zealand with him that was just a portion
of his traveling he's actually been
traveling the whole of Australia and he
pretty much left for Australia after
secondary school and that's really
difficult when he's like you best mate
like you just losing your best mate so
he's been pretty much gone now for two
years but today today he comes back and
he's just arrived home right now some
best mate so I need to go and see
three so guys I have got a taxi bag from
the pub I'm back I've got a taxi to the
office I don't really know why me and
Bonnie went out for a couple of drinks
and also our friend Aaron joined
which is really cool they also travel to
Australia and New Zealand with us Oh
guys I got a taxi to the office and I
don't know why I'm gonna open a few of
these just a few parcels on my desk and
Christmas gift shall there be opening
this now why somebody send a Christmas
gift to me
I'm a bit drunk guys let him tell it odd
I didn't drive back I'm not 100% sure
that's really nice that's really nice
Alex just wanted to say thank you for
your help this year I've been working
with you on Corsair on the PC I hope you
have a very Merry Christmas and a Happy
New Year all the best Tom at MSI this is
a present from MSI I'm really I'm really
really intrigued looks fancy women is it
looks like this thing is is some type of
wallet thing where you can put cash in a
MSI guys thank you that's awesome thanks
for that MSI thanks for that if what it
shows the integrity the integrity over
company this does well me when they
physically buy you presents that MSI
thank you that means the world I got
some socks some socks this is a
Christmas card from the CEO of EE right
that's how serious this is it's a CEO of
EE Mark Alera and got a Christmas card
from the owner of EE mark especially in
the whole EE team thanks for the
Christmas cards and the socks I'm really
drunk right then guys we've got a lot to
do
next few days I'm gonna go ahead and get
some sleep one thing guys before I sign
off today check this out look how cool
that is
guys if you missed yesterday's
watch it here if you not subscribed guys
you can click right here guys but for
now - Ben Alex you guys have been
awesome guys stay off and keep smiling
and I'll catch you in tomorrow's daily
vlog let's build that peace city adios
