we're gonna shoot right okay you see
this thing here this is the microphone
this spit right this is what if I speak
into it you'd hear me really clearly
yeah you get the point right okay so
what you're thinking right is the
microphone plugs into the camera just
here can you see this cable this one
it's out of focus but you can see it
you'd think if I was to take out this
cable right it would stop using this
microphone and use the cameras inbuilt
microphone right that is what should
happen right let's see what actually
happens now it works again I think the
inbuilt microphone on this camera
doesn't work and the reason I've never
figured it out before is this because
ever since I've had this camera I've
only ever used it for YouTube and client
work and when I'm doing YouTube when
client work I always have this
microphone on top of the camera I've
never had to use the inbuilt microphone
yesterday I wanted to use the inbuilt
microphone came to use it and it doesn't
work so I've phoned up Sony and I've
said guys the friggin camry has sold me
doesn't the microphone doesn't even work
in it what you're doing so got the box
out and everything they said I need to
send it to them it's gonna take two
weeks to repair it and then they'll send
it back free of charge no today is
Monday and going into town with Mir
today so while I'm in town I'm going to
pop to the shop and see if I can pick up
the new sony a6300 use that to vlog with
for a few weeks while I send this away
to get repaired
clothes shopping been promised I can
look at cameras a little bit later so
I'm going to go look at cameras a bit
later but for now clothes shopping that
one
I'm in the electric bit and I love it
what is this wow what is that Samsung
okay I want that it's so thin any
speaker product I can recommend anything
from the Sonos line-up is amazing and
the best bit about it is it's the same
forwards as it is backwards look at it
look at it sir partner Oh sir Sir art no
our business is what I wanted a 6300 a
6300 a 6300 there it is this is the new
baby in town it does 4k and its focus is
ridiculously fast I really want to buy
it I really want to buy it really want
to buy it or we've loved with this bad
boy now that's a stupid idea
I'll do a version of it thank you know I
put my battery on my a7s in this little
a6 300 this is the quality of it wait
wait for the focus test really
maybe I need to get this camera can I
get it
can you buy it for me wait watch this
look how fast it focuses you ready boom
boom it's rapid I want it I can't quite
believe how fast the focuses thing is I
can't see if I hold it out I can't see
how far I can't see is wide enough
can you see me in that
yeah like well yeah you're like yes yeah
that much they decide I'm holding it
quite I suppose that I usually have my
gorillapod on it it's so expensive man
I'll see if I can find one secondhand
some way mmm
finish shopping and I'm not gonna get
that camera it's too expensive you guys
let me know the quality was like and if
it is you thought it was passable for me
to like it good quality and let me know
WWDC is currently live and I'm why I
hope they bring out new Macs I really do
I am an if they put out a new Macs I
just oh my god even know right okay
coming at you guys with a quick update
they've talked about the watch and I
call that everyone on Twitter's been
saying Alex they're going to be
releasing a new Apple watch are you
gonna get it and if they did release a
new Apple watch no I wouldn't get eggs
that would just be a stupid waste of
money when I got when I already have one
and I absolutely love it but I knew they
wouldn't do in Apple work because it's
only a year old so what they've done is
instead updated the software on it this
new software that's like you can write
stuff out and it will dictate what
you're writing out like replying to text
messages or the fitness stuffs been
updated and there's a lot of
accessibility stuff so like for people
in wheelchairs and they've made
different applications to get people in
wheelchairs fitter
obviously the fitness app at the moment
is only catered for like running and
walking and yadda yadda yadda and rowing
and all this stuff so they've made a
whole separate app for the people in
wheelchairs which I find like quite a
lot of apples they just take care of
everyone and I absolutely love that like
this they just touch you good company
super expensive but really good they've
also talked about the Apple TV I've just
bought one as you guys know proudly
those are all updates coming to that so
that's cool so I've got my headphones
and I just finished a quick Skype call
with a client of mine however I'm so
disappointed so disappointed there's no
max there's no new max out Paul man you
let me down bro I don't know what to do
I really wanted it to be new max I
really wanted them so bad
oh well become fancy is in here with all
the lights at night is so
the snail a little bit anyway do you
guys wanna see a magic trick you ready
oh my god that was amazing
I have way too much fun with these vlogs
now excuse me for not having a clue as
to know what's in here she's shown up at
the office so instead of being boxing it
by myself like a boring old guy that I
am I thought it might include you guys
in the unboxing process which I'm really
struggling out as I'm using a pair of
scissors
I left my unboxing knife at home I
didn't know that be a parcel here you
see Powerbank Powerbank solar panel this
is a collaboration between me and
easyacc for my technology channel I have
a technology channel here on YouTube
called tech flow and we're doing a
collaboration with easyacc for the BET's
tech Father's Day things the best tech
you can buy your father for Father's Day
cheap tech you can buy your father for
Father's Day
so this is cool
I really want to just take the drone out
haven't done it in about a week just
because the weather's just been rubbish
upsetting rubbish so I'm hoping tomorrow
with a slim a bit of look that the
weather will be good hopefully come on
duty what do you think of the of the
quality of that a6 300 camera I'd love
something a little bit smaller and it
wasn't like it wasn't my idea is that I
was I was with Mia and she was like Alex
your cameras way too big so like that
you can't take that thing everywhere
because it is literally I mean look how
big this is it's huge
and not to mention I'm quite a small
human anyway so this thing is like the
same size as me oh I'm so stoked we've
got this room sorted out I've just come
back up here to sort of plan a bit more
as to what we're going to be doing for
the tech flow set and I figured from
your guys feedback but it's gonna be
in in this corner is that cool or not I
think it's cool magic had a little desk
here like this and I'm sat here we've
got some cool stuff on the wall and we
can unbox products for tech flow here
huh
so I'm thinking softbox tripod another
softbox just here table me tech flow why
the hell is this open and it should be
now it really does promise up that there
wasn't any actual products new products
from Apple great stuff on the software
but I really wanted to be in it to be
new MacBooks and there wasn't which is a
great shame because I was looking
forward to seeing what they were going
to do with it but luckily enough aces
have hooked us up with a little laptop
but I want to give back to you guys
right I think I'm going to give that
thing away
as well as the graphics card that I've
got where I've got my graphics card up
there the 980ti
I'm going to give that away and I'm also
gonna give that laptop away the 1/8
assembly because as I said to you guys
in the blog I don't deserve it like what
have I done to deserve that you guys
mean the world to me so I'm going to
give that thing back to you guys it's
figure out a creative way on how I'm
gonna do it so make sure you guys follow
it on my social media that includes
Twitter Instagram snapchat so now all
the still it's all in the description
follow everything you can but yeah I'm
going to end today's vlog here I need to
figure out how to do that giveaway
creatively but for now mines Malik's you
guys been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll catch you in the next
next vlog tomorrow next video hey hey
Oh
