swear to god the floor in this room is
so even it's unreal there's someone at
my front door
how are doing guys my name is of course
Alex and welcome back to another daily
vlog today's Sunday it's Sunday the day
where everyone in the entire world
chills out and that's what we're gonna
do
it's - my LEDs on let me turn my LEDs on
there we go LEDs make anything look
better right
parcel opening time and I believe in one
of the first people in the UK to get one
of these things I've been told I'm the
first one of the first pay people in the
UK to get one then if that's a lie or
not but it's what I've been told
let's just open it what to be fuck oh my
ha ha ha guys this is the overclocked
edition it's got a gig of ram the
GeForce GTX 1080 the brand-new car this
is the Strix Edition and it has the
aurora lighting in it which means you
can control the lights on it from inside
your computer like when you're in the OS
let's get this thing out this freakin
box boys and girls together if actually
can it won't come out oh wow look at
that
alright guys you guys are gonna be the
first people to see it it looks like we
have some documentation to start with
and then some foam and then oh oh my
look at this brand new 1080 oh mine we
need to install this thing now Wow right
and see what the performance is like of
the new car we're still interfacing with
the same cables here so my new custom
cables can stay if you uncheck so many
people that watch the vlog this is what
the inside of computer looks like this
is the graphics card this is what you
plug your computer screens into and it
handles things like rendering out for
video radio air editing and gaming
different bits and bobs like that so
this is your graphics card and I'm
replacing my graphics card with this new
graphics card that has just come out and
it's a beast I honestly don't know yet
what I'm gonna do with this card here
should do a giveaway you guys might give
away at this card drop a like rating and
you can win my old my old card if you
want that if you guys want to giveaway
drop all that rate and I'll see if I can
put something together for my old car
go ahead and plug in our custom cables
now that is slightly annoying because
that doesn't fit it's a bit annoying
because now I've got to use one of these
one of these less fancier cables to plug
in I had these fancy cables made for me
for this for this computer but this
doesn't fit into this graphics card so
I'm gonna have to love to plug in with a
less fancy cable how annoying is that
they're just managed to enable surround
I'm gonna see if I can play a game
across both of these screens oh my god
check this out
this is just like I've never done this
before on curved screen it's just insane
I'd never thought like gaming on two
screens together would be a it's just so
captivating user and some real whoa whoa
this is sane whoa aah now he's dead
this is so cool
the card is cool as well just like look
at it let this glowing but I'm happy
with that man that is wicked right cool
Sunday jobs complete is number one
graphics card installed that's cool and
this is called a sound bar installed at
one point I should do that sometime this
week that's gonna go just there turn off
all the lights
grab skidded on the on the driveway I'm
super happy with all the progress that
we've been making with the obvious new
graphics card installed the room up
there that our loft space has all been
cleared out this is cool and a lot of
you guys know I'm going to Australia so
there's gonna be some point between now
and the 15th of July which is when I go
to Australia where me and Jed are gonna
have to record a load of tech play
videos so tech flow still has uploads
whilst I'm in Australia and for that we
need the tech flow set and to have a
tech flow set we need the attic to be
clear we clear the attic in yesterday's
vlog so hopefully sometime this week we
can sort out getting like a table and
getting the whole set set up if that
makes sense so hopefully we can do that
and hopefully hopefully hopefully it'll
be really cool whoa right it's game
night
game night game night is every Sunday
night longtime subscribers will know
this but every Sunday night I have my
friend round called Toby he's a league
of legends expert kinder and we play
League of Legends now a lot of people
said Alex when Toby's here you put a
screen here how what's go is Toby what
is that what's going on that's obviously
I play League of Legends on my computer
here which is these three screens and in
this screen here is one of my spare
screens is the stand for it
this goes yeah yeah Alex that's great
mate you've got an extra monitor on the
desk is plugged into power what does the
monitor plug into how's it getting this
video source good question we go into
here we get one of these boxes I think
is this one we rip it open and inside we
will find an HDMI cable this then
connects to this HDMI coupler
just here and plug that into the monitor
and of that cable comes out just here
along with a USB cable as well
a four port USB switch which Toby can
plug in his mouse and keyboard this end
we do this we open this we then plug in
the HDMI cable into this plug in the USB
into this this then stays here plug this
end into the laptop and give it gigabit
ethernet speeds to the network for
perfect like free gaming and there you
go speak of the devil
say hi Toby bro go explore I'm just
gonna get my keys
right this did look like Mikey's it's
been knocked down it's been obliterated
don't do it I'm a virgin
I'm a virgin doesn't look your torch
what you got there one thing's for
certain if there's someone here they
definitely know that we're here
YouTube's messing about oh I know why
that's crazy it's so people can get
upstairs
so being honest has been like a bit of a
craze of these scary videos of people
going through abandoned places and they
act scared it's probably not scary once
you get in it like once you're in you're
in whatever oh it's all open it's all
open someone's been here since last time
you cut yourself I'm actually scared now
like I've heard noises I heard a noise
honestly I'm shitting myself
what was that can you hear that and it's
just because of the rainwater nature's
because of the rainwater I don't feel
comfortable but I know it's just because
of the rain water should we go I feel
really weird I don't like this at all
I was miles away it smell bad I smell
bad Oh wonder what's in their corners I
don't like that you come to a corner
like this and it's just like okay so I'm
in my cupboard closet thing because it's
about our past 4:00 in the morning
everyone else is asleep Toby's gone to
bed and I don't want to wake anyone up
so I'm in here but I've changed sure how
to shower after my dominoes which I
really enjoyed thank you very much and
I'm really annoyed because when we were
in the abandoned place right 11 which is
one of my favorite clothing brands
because I just like their clothes
they're just nice and not too expensive
um yeah I've got a hole in it so none
that has to go in the bin which is
really annoying Wow cool that's why
another one of them but anyway
mine is relics you guys been awesome
still some keep smiling and if you like
in these daily vlogs you know what I
don't know how I'm doing these things
daily I just don't have a clue how I'm
managing to do it for the last like 200
odd days or however many days but then
it's someone count and put it in the
comments cuz I have lost track it's been
daily for a long time and I just don't
know how I'm doing it so yeah I'm doing
it and carry on doing it I was per usual
but yeah for now anyway yeah - max you
guys been awesome sales and keep smiling
and I'll catch you in my next video
adios
