good afternoon guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another daily vlog maria's dog
is massive that's the dog I was videoing
in slow motion this morning it's
literally I'm quite a short guy but the
dog is literally up to here right
Saturday today I'm going out for a meal
with the family yesterday's vlog should
be uploading I hate leaving the house
when there's a vlog uploading or when
something's rendering out because I feel
like it's gonna fail this is me every
single day of my life here on the
YouTube loader 10 minutes remaining
it's 5:48 we've got 12 minutes until
this vlog is scheduled and it's got 10
minutes left to process I think Asus
have been the real G's I think Asus have
sent me the new 1080 card graphics card
GTX 1080 and I think it's at home and
I'm buzzing to open it I'm just walking
from my house all the way to the local
pub to meet all of my family for some
Saturday lunch and I want to do
something little bit different I've
never done this and I don't really know
why this video is gonna go up on Sunday
this video is my Saturday what did you
guys do today what did you guys do
yesterday on your Saturday drop it in
the comments explain to me what you did
you guys are constantly watching what
I'm doing I'd love to find out what some
of you guys are doing
because I decided to walk to the pub
I've now got a walk back home in the
rain
it's literally chucking it down I'm
quite concerned I don't think my
camera's going to make it back in one
piece
it's absolutely took it down I've got
nothing to put this camera in I'm just
holding it lookey I've only got a chill
vlog to record today because in today's
vlog I want to open some parcels that
arrived in yesterday's video and I
didn't know what they were and I think
I'm just going to chill and open those
parcels today
oh my god oh oh oh oh oh Alex
sorry your map got damaged here's
something to make it better
from Asus oh oh oh oh my days oh my days
oh this is insane
hahahahaha oh my Wow Asus guys guys come
on man thank you this thing is wicked
but I just I just don't need it like you
guys are absolutely awesome like you're
literally wicked ahh Asus if you're
watching this and I know you probably
are you gotta stop sending me stuff
because I just don't deserve it I just
don't like full freaking stop just don't
deserve it this this ah amazing I just
don't deserve it though guys Asus thank
you but I don't deserve it it's like a
dark out and it's chucking it down as
per usual
Saturday evening 9:00 p.m. I need to
tidy this place up a bit
my name is Joshua in a company called
views we're always looking to improve
our companies any way we possibly can we
create YouTube videos ourselves we hope
you enjoy our products as much as we do
views me thanks for the clothes guys
this one this one's my favorite
alright guys as I mentioned before I
need to clear all this up because it's
not good I'm wanting to do a tech flow
set up here and have some lights
installed and this isn't good it needs
to be clean guys check this out you
ready for this look this is the new set
and then this is everything else all
organized products down there all the
crap and stuff at the end
that's just like miscellaneous stuff
spare computer monitors spare computer
tripod gear down here all the softbox is
laying across here and yeah those are
the products that we've got to review
and play with and then this is in here
where all the products live that we are
currently using in the office so all the
motherboards keyboards my speakers Xbox
is ps4s everything goes in there so if
we ever want to return anything or send
anything back we've got all the boxes
ready to go and it's all organized and
that is exactly what we want and yeah
I'm sweating it's boiling up here these
LEDs and yeah there's three of them
they give out a lot of heat so cut me
some slack the annoying thing is the
office still isn't tidy like at all
what's going on getting super super dark
outside now there's a little package
down here which has ASIS written all
over it I'm going to leave this here on
my desk ready for another day let's turn
off the lights close the doors close the
windows here's my keys and bye bye
office for another day right guys I
don't know if you can see me but I'm
going to go ahead and end today's vlog
here if you have enjoyed it a like
rating would be absolutely wicked miles
max you guys been awesome stales and
keep smiling and I'll catch you in the
next one
adios
Oh
you
