well this sucks ass doesn't it you know
what I'm talking about do you
you still don't know what I'm what about
I'll show you
English weather sucks sucks sucks
oh my look at this perfect opportunity
to go and film it I believe that if we
are honest with ourselves that's the
most fascinating problem in the world
is Who am I
what do you mean what do you feel
when you say the word I
by myself
I don't think it can be any more
fascinating whoa
okay that Thunder that rain the noise
that it's making that's mental it's so
calming oh look at this look how
unfortunate is this I've managed to
manage to leave my clothes out on the
washing line
right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome to the vlog see
probably thinking Alex I think I've even
started vlogging or Birds complaining
about the weather good morning guys how
are y'all doing my name is of course I
like some welcome back to another daily
vlog before we start one you guys to
check out John Bell Ian because his
music is incredible the new artist which
I've just found out actually Maria told
me about him and I've been pretty much
obsessed yes John Bell Ian's just bought
new album and I think it's gonna be
chart worthy soon I've got two parcels
here I believe one of them is the brand
new brand new GT X 1080 graphics card
I've been told I'm one of the first ever
people in the UK to get it there are
also new the one
15 meter HDMI cable I need to run this
from my room to one of the spare
bedrooms that is so weird
I've been lately talking to Jen about
how I what been wanting to get out my
car keys I've got a lightning cable on
my car keys I have also got a multi-tool
with a bottle opener a file some
tweezers and the screwdriver on it and I
said what I need to finish it off with
is a flashlight this HDMI cable came
with a flashlight it's going straight in
my basket my keys are now officially the
most Opie set of keys I've ever had when
was the last time you guys we're in the
loft installing an HDMI cable yeah
that's right never and don't ever do it
because it not knives up here it's too
hot and there's this yellow stuff
everywhere that makes you sting and no
one likes to be stinged
stung so now my super long super thick
HDMI cable has been run from here to the
spare room now the sky people here and
they're installing the new sky cue
service hopefully it's gonna be cool
wicked brand new sky cue boxes all
installed you guys are taller than me so
you can see up there looks quite cool it
feeds the spare room TV and the TV
downstairs with this HDMI splitter that
I've installed just up there cool
sky cute comprehensive review not coming
soon because I don't know how to review
TV I don't know how to review TV but if
you want a review on tech flow of the
sky cue let us know speaking of the
devil that is tech flow we need to
record a tech flow video today so we've
decided that everyone was really
interested in my home network that I put
together you guys and the vlogs that you
really enjoy
did and I did a home network tour at my
last house I've since then moved house
been in this house about a year now
think it's time for an upgraded network
tour and tech flow
yeah jet yeah let's do it cool cool cool
cool
Tefo video laptop jet system good
filming and some good chatting about my
network Saul films ready to hopefully be
edited and uploaded for this weekend
right jet you got to go you got to go
they live in my house we've got to get
your bike in my car somehow a problem it
is this is my car it's a mini it's tiny
we have one picture how is this right we
need to go
we can say in the world weather may
enjoy your new quad copter give it again
by the blades by the battery and you'll
be golden if the dream dude I'll catch
you soon
see you mate Oh big box little box
welcome to my cafe yo I think I know
what this is so I'm gonna Wow I even
open it slowly I'm gonna open this now
because I just I just know what it is
already and yeah I don't know what that
is and we've also got a DHL box at home
so we've got some unboxing to do in
tomorrow's video however this is an HDMI
Ethernet extension kit thing which are
bought because the people in this office
want to get the TV from up in the server
room down into the main reception
kitchen so they can watch football or
something I've bought this hopefully
Atkins extend the HDMI through the
ethernet and it will work that's wicked
cool we got this stuff we've got these
things and this I don't know what this
is I really don't know what this is
there's so much stuff to do and so
little time to do it we've got cool
stuff to unbox but I've also got to sort
out the brand new tech flow set with the
new lights that we bought in yesterday's
vlog I'm gonna put this sound bar on the
wall but I've installed this for the
people in the office
and on top of that I have to edit my
stalee vlog and record a daily vlog
every day I have to do videos for tech
flow I have to do videos for Mars bar I
take on a lot of stuff and I like being
busy but sometimes it does just get on
top of me a little bit but that's the
thing right every day
I strive to
better than I did the day before and
it's bad to do that really bad and the
reason it's bad to do that is because
it's impossible it's impossible to be
better every single day than you would
be the day before yes that means
improving every single day sometimes you
have to go back to go forward and that
is how life works but I really do enjoy
pushing myself and testing my limits and
seeing how far I can push myself and I
encourage all of you guys to do that as
well if you think you know I can't do
something give it a go push yourself and
if you can there'll be a big smile on
your face trust me no but in all search
this guy's push yourself and just have a
good time doing it and be better and
that's it there's a quote that goes
something like this if you don't do what
you think you can't do you'll never be
anything more than you are now
and that quote is golden right after
Maria's
it's been to buy drinks from the shop hi
guys I'm gonna in today's video here cuz
we're going out into town so I'll leave
you about - rice you guys been awesome
still some keep smiling now I'll catch
you in my next video adios
