thank you nadeshot wait a minute
you've only got aliens what do you mean
what do you mean thank you nature so I'm
all guys it sounds like a revolving door
that I keep coming back to the same
topic the other day I was inspired by a
few channels I was watching obviously
Casey nice down obviously Thompson did
kid and then this new guy named Mars bar
gaming he does like daily vlogs and
they're just phenomenal so I was
watching his videos last night I was
like listen I'm going to buy the same
camera and I want to do something
similar that I just thought it was so
cool how he told stories in his videos
and how well he actually did it I don't
really watch many youtube videos I'm
really made dude thank you for the
shoutout
that's insane coming from someone like
you who I've watched on YouTube back
from like the cod4 days incredible
you've made my day dude I appreciate it
and thank you for saying you like my
content I'm obviously doing something
right I think if any of you guys got any
experience with those you know those
Dyson fans the ones that stand up and
apparently that you know that they don't
they don't make any noise did they
actually make you cooler because me and
Jenna thinking that we need to invest in
one for the office we are sweating like
Matt here we've got the window open
we're on the top floor so we've got
something we need to unbox the tech flow
today as you guys know we're trying to
do a unboxing sort of set to tech flow
where it's all going to be the same
every time there's a table and we can
sit down and unboxed up and have a cool
little set first of all we need some
lighting yeah
give you millions to maintain to make
tomato so believe what we have here is
an absolute steal and absolute bargain
and that I've managed to crop up on eBay
here is two softbox lamps they're going
to go either side of the set
three - boom so good actually searched
every way three two one it's pretty good
looks cool in it yeah part my probably
look really sweaty right now a call I'm
happy with them there's no flicker for
video
they should make text flow look a
hundred percent better and maybe make
the color grade better but we're gonna
wrap up at the office for today soft
boxes are all the store the emails are
done this is entirely a few bits up off
my desk and then we're gonna head home
Jed you've got your bikes mate that's
not gonna fit in my car means that means
is race time
taxi number cab it looks like sick okay
it's knowing it doesn't taste nose buzz
it looks rusty no that drone the well
about a month ago I flew into my
neighbor's tree right and I got a new
one and we're tested out of the day my
grandma's garden managed to fly it you
know this thing you saw in the other
days vlog yeah this is the battery for
it and I've just tried this battery in
the drone which I thought was broken
you can have it mate if you want you
just need to buy some propellers for it
and a battery and you've got yourself a
loaner to fly and then learn how to fly
it
don't crush it into your neighbor's tree
I can feel the blood rushing to my face
already right let's do a quick 2 minute
peer box opening fragile handle with
care well I will do hey Alex our names
are Harry Ryan and Jacob and with 14
years old we've all been watching then
join your channels for one year and a
half now also we love tech flow and you
have inspired us to build our own pcs
we're very grateful if you could sign
our three pictures inside and send them
back to us using the envelopes provided
you guys are wicked this is for you and
you can put it in your office
Oh guys thank you sorry for bad rapping
that's absolutely fine I can't rap to
save my life I just sent me a message he
says you're an amazing youtuber and I've
been watching you since you got robbed
over a year ago I feel like that is when
a lot of people found like my channel is
when I got
you guys you guys you guys this is
wicked stuff they are like thank you
being such an inspiration to my life I
really like your advice it's really
helpful not just for me but for all your
subscribers Thank You Dylan age 13 dude
Thank You Tamar spa guys this stuff
means the world to me
rhodium broke playing GTA on the Asus
laptop best laptop I have ever used in
my life
is it amazing insane should I fly this
thing yes I'm gonna crush it god damn
right I'm so gonna say that it was in
some sort of racing mental ting mode
where it wanted to do a flip and
unfortunately you guys couldn't see it
you guys just so it's smash on the floor
it still flies I've just taken it up
again we're gonna go to a field
somewhere a bit bigger and see if we can
fly it I bought myself a new drone it's
pretty good it definitely doesn't crash
when you're trying to fly it on itself
the first thing we'll get cook is the
hoops way mate so this is like a bit of
a date really
we've got chips onion rings over here
we've got a bit of unbox therapy on
can't go wrong with middle
my Jets please
we did it candle that's what we need so
I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog here Jed
has been literally playing GTA all
afternoon most people to see
yes sir Jed's loving the power of the
Asus laptop and it is literally a beast
it is insane so um yeah I'm gonna do a
review of that we've got so much dutiful
it's more only but other than that my
Alex you guys been awesome stay awesome
and keep smiling I'll catch you in my
next video which would be tomorrow
carrying on this daily fricking train
it's the best thing I've ever done in my
life
adios Oh before I go Apple have said my
laptop's we need to pick it up which is
insane I'm gonna go pick it up next week
sometime but yeah for now adios
