your way that one just came in straight
through there today you're going
straight in and works for you yeah got
to get up really early because the pest
controller here to sort out my bee
problem so in a video I made two days
ago I said this I'm doing a few network
upgrades around the house this is power
strips and network cables for that said
upgrading well I've done it let's have a
look shall we
oh yeah and by the way also my videos
over the last well this one and
yesterday's have all been recorded and
uploaded in 4k so let me know the
qualities like oh if we just go into
here you can see my ugly mug just there
but if we go up here as you can see I've
got my 16 ports which all of these
cables here and go over to all the
devices down there we've got three
cables here three short Ethernet switch
go to the three period Aptus here which
go off to the three access points
wireless access points around the house
all that go up there and then here's the
router and mounted it on the wall
there's three cables they go off to
three other switches around the house
and this one here comes down to this
switch
there's my Phillips you bridge behind
there and then that is it quick and
simple network tour for the people the
light networks this is mine and I'm
happy with it
I think the be exterminated people are
still here but I need to go because I
have an appointment booked at the Apple
Store to get this laptop mended or well
just looked at so they can give me a
cost of how much is actually going to be
and I think it's going to be super
expensive
so my appointment at Meadowhall is at
around 3:00 past 10:00 and Mia is just
getting in the car now need some fuel
so we have arrived at Meadowhall maruzen
the toilets and I need some food
we've got homemade burger company we've
got Pizza Express
we've got Wagga Mama's we got this fancy
ass place we've got diseases so many
places to eat and so many choices to
make so the word now but I do YouTube
videos in here we're in Frankie Muniz
and they're trying to sell me a family
feast for 2495 but I'm just feeling
spaghetti meatballs and I've been told
that the cinnamon waffle crunch sounds
like a good good food so I'm going for
that thank you very much the sheer
amount of people that look at you whilst
filming in this store is unreal I've
never seen anything like this before
this keeps getting bigger and bigger and
bigger and bigger and bigger what's down
there
I don't wear makeup you don't need
make-up
it's not a thing that you need it isn't
a necessity can you please hurry up this
is so boring
you disgust me
this is more like it some a man mid
manly things like razors and and links
cuz I'm a man I'm literally just waiting
for Apple to text me to tell me when my
appointment is
and the new cruisers are the only other
cosmetic marked-up now if you've got a
couple of scratches small dent in this
side a little bit
pick up what a new Apple TV's yeah HMI
cable already yeah oh yeah I've got I've
already got the first-ever one that the
first ever Apple TV so not good thank
you very much right Cheers
thank you very much
and a whole shopping trip wrapped up
went really well
cuz 370 pounds fix the max I've gone
ahead and done it thought it was gonna
be more but it wasn't so that's good
travel insurance will pay for it
wicked I also bought the new Apple TV
cuz I saw it and I was like I do like
Apple TV no no you went now I will new
it
at least you will put on no you will not
oh well easy goes why mobile baby wipes
I mean makeup wipes and why these mine
for you for you to keep in my house yeah
ooh what is it we have here is this the
brand new Apple TV which I have wanted
for so long but never wanted to justify
the money spending on it well now I have
and I'm regretting it I don't know I
haven't played with it yet hopefully
it's really cool
I now have internet that can easily
support HD streaming to things like
Apple TVs and of course YouTube which is
brilliant so I thought now I have these
internet I might treat myself to the new
Apple TV and maybe just maybe I might be
able to watch some films wicked Apple TV
is also running and I've quite liked it
I need to get some apps and some games
on it but it's all connected working
fine cool
and that's how you make a makeshift fan
out of a computer case fan cool a master
fan with LEDs in it hooked up to the
mains now I can stay cool because I'm
having a bit of a problem at the moment
the weather is so warm
I don't own a fan and I need to buy one
but at least have a solution for now
Apple TV wallpapers they've nailed that
that's like for that the quality of
that's insane
hi guys I have an absolute butt ton of
work to do tonight so bear with me
I've got tonight set aside to do it is
now half past 9:00 so I'm going to get
this vlog edited then probably be up
working until about 3:00 a.m. so wish me
luck and guys I have to cut this thing
short I just have so much work I need to
do tonight guys so I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll catch you the next one
adios
Oh
you
