so it's driven all the way back from
Cambridge more on that a little bit
later but all the way on the drive back
which by the way from Cambridge to my
house is about an hour and a half the
ring doorbell that I have has been going
on my phone saying it's been detecting
motion as if someone's been on my
driveway I was thinking what is the
motion but obviously I was driving so I
couldn't go on my phone
there's just three ducks just chilling
on the driveway I'm not really quite
sure what the deal is here guys but
three male ducks all stood in a line on
the driveway guys can ask what's going
on you waiting for your lady's promised
you guys I tell you why I've been to
Cambridge and why I was in Cambridge
this morning which is about an hour away
from my house I actually was stayed in
Cambridge last night at Maria's sister's
uni apartment thing and yeah we went
over a meal out in Cambridge about an
hour away which was really cool so now
I'm back home and it's something that
I've been needing to sort out ever since
I got back from my trip from Spain last
Friday and I just need to sort it out
because I don't even know if I can sort
it out and I need to just let's just try
and sort it out oh yeah also we have a
big problem like a bad B problem there's
constantly B's in here and in my bedroom
and I don't know where they're coming
from I think they're in the loft but how
they're getting into my bedroom and in
here is another story I don't know right
onto the problem I don't know if you
guys are going to be able to see this
this camera needs
focus it's like a little bend in the
metal just here on the camera lens and
that's because when I was in Spain hours
of shooting for some clients and I was
using this here very small camera slider
it's the only thing that would fit in my
suitcase so I have to use this one and
it's really flimsy and not very well
built but it was fine I set my camera up
I walked off and then about three
seconds later hear a big bang turn round
and it turns out that slider isn't heavy
enough to support this camera my camera
is on the concrete floor with the slider
attached to it I'll pick it up and the
lens is been right still works fine but
just means I can't attach my lens cap or
any UV filters or anything to the camera
to the lens which is really annoying so
you know look if I try and screw this on
here it just won't go on oh my god
why am i doing this this isn't the end
well oh my god
kid fixed it right camera lens sorted
yesterday's video uploaded oh let's go
looking at school in it yes yeah how are
you yeah good did you bring that did you
bring the goods these Goods come on are
you giving me that you giving me this
table to eat McDonald's on thanks I
appreciate you yeah why are you giving
me a table without a tablecloth I need
the tablecloth on it my grandma's gone
ahead and paid 47 pounds for an online
virus removal tool to remove all the
threats from her computer I think she's
just downloaded a threat if I'm honest
about computer ain't working anymore
got the SD card for my camera good thing
that I can't fly it so I can't record
because I can't even fly the thing yet
I've managed to get to take off but when
as soon as I take it off right it flies
forward really fast well I didn't go up
it goes forward
you see if I move the battery towards
the back of the drone it should
hopefully adjust the center of touch me
then there's more weight at the back
let's try this again
you can hear the power of it yeah yeah
it's kind of cool you just need to be
careful with it and not to crush it into
any neighbors trees okay okay the next
thing I need to try is putting the GoPro
on it but obviously I've got no SD card
for it so we'll have to do that another
day but I'm happy that I've took it off
and landed it and it's still in one
piece well the big drone I usually use
is called an inspire one and that is for
taking video professionally so it has a
big camera on the bottom whereas this is
for more racing so a few of your friends
all buy these and you race them around
the track really fast and they have a
camera on the front of them and you
meant to put like some goggles on so you
can see what that seems live from the
goggles it's too fast when it's get used
to it first really see you then all
right cool right beam to Cambridge been
to see the grandparents that's it two of
the main things done oh how could I
forget
fixing my camera lens but we still have
this issue but we still have this issue
they're just bees bees everywhere this I
feel like I'm just gonna get stung at
one point well I'm saying that one lying
next to two bees I'm pretty sure they're
both dead though
I hope this here this white thing this
is the aerial that was on the top of our
house which gave us TV and this thing
gave us Internet as I have recently told
you guys that if you can see up there
but we've had a new internet dish
installed and yeah now we have much
better internet so I want to take this
Internet box up here I'm gonna reset it
turn it into an access point which means
then it gives out Internet I'm gonna put
it back on the roof and then go over to
my neighbor's house and sell my Internet
to my neighbors and make some money cuz
with my internet at the moment with this
dish I get 100 megabytes down and 100
megabytes up and about 10 ping but it's
super super expensive and it's slowly
draining my bank account which is quite
frustrating so I'm gonna flog some of it
sell some of it to my neighbors and I
don't quite fancy taking this here
camera up onto that roof because I'm
probably gonna fall off the roof and
it's that'll hurt me and I'll have a
hurt camera as well and I prefer it just
to hurt me and not you guys so I'm gonna
end today's vlog here my asthmatics you
guys been awesome
stay awesome keep smiling and I'll catch
you in
