I'm telling you explode out
just had a lunchtime meeting with my
clients who are well I'm currently
working with them to set up the social
media company as you guys know I only
got up that half an hour before the
meeting hence while my hair is like this
they let you know to my door and I still
have my towel on ok ok ok this Sun is
insanely hot this right if I'm still in
the Sun this feels hotter than it did
any time when I was in Spain over the
last week that Sun is gonna burn me I
need to get in my car and get some shade
oh it's even a whore in here oh it's
like an oven just been to click the peer
box and you guys you guys you guys are
absolutely mental one of these things is
making noises it just stops what the
hell it's just so good I'm warm today
hello office don't close your gonna
close aren't you I'm so much happier I'm
so much happier when the weather is good
and I said this at the start of
yesterday's vlog but I don't know if
it's the weather that's making me happy
seeing everyone else happy makes me
happy I go out into town the weather's
out people got off like nice they've got
the shorts on girls got the crop tops on
and everyone's smiling having a good
time selfie and up in town and the
weather's good and everyone's having a
good time they've got their drink
through bringing cobster getting the
rice lattes and everyone is just happy
and I like that I like a happy
environment do the thing is this
probably doesn't apply to a lot of you
people that watch this vlog but for the
people that live in England come on it's
nice when the weather is nice it doesn't
happen often
today's extremely hot and I'm a little
bit sweaty so it looks like phone
salesman have sent me this little iPhone
case and this wireless charger has
caught the cue stone unfortunately it's
not going to work with my phone because
my phone's the big phone and this is a
smaller phone but apparently it says
step one you put the case on your phone
step two your place the phone with the
case on on this thing and it starts
wireless charging I don't know looks
cool if you want to check it out there
you go
empty box this doesn't feel empty Oh
Wireless so you can put this sub woofer
anywhere and then that's the sound bar
and you plug it into this does it have a
bluetooth bluetooth how do you connect
the subgroup for then if it's wireless
you just turn it on and that's it turn
the bass on for
the Edifier supplied all the sound for
this office as you can see Edifier
are 2,000 DB here and american desk and
then we've got the lunar eclipses on my
desk and they said you want a sound bar
so they get go on then haven't even
given me a bracket to put it on the wall
so I may have to have it mounted just
under here and then the sub woofer is
Wireless so it can move that into a
corner maybe or one things it doesn't
have to be attached to this with a cable
so my only struggle at the moment is
that I'm gonna have to attempt to get a
cable from the TV down to this sound bar
without it showing and that's a brick
wall so that's gonna be difficult
now we'll do it we'll be fine we'll get
the chisel out and we will do this will
make it look big everybody though thanks
for sending me your sin a sound be 7b7
sambar active speaker system two years
out of fire oh yes i t Edifier -
international comm edify international
limited made in china terms of condition
do not apply alex is a decade well next
thing on my list of things to sort out
is up here i need to clear all of this
stuff away and try and clear this room
out because in this corner there's gonna
be a set for the tech channel tech flow
and it's gonna be the unboxing set and
it's gonna be a mix between unbox
therapy and good mythical morning so
it's gonna have a really cool set and
just when we wanna unbox stuff not
reviews just unboxings we have a table
or we sit down two camera angles we're
gonna have an unbox LED in the
background hopefully that should look
cool i speaking really fast cuz i'm
getting excited and it's super warm in
here that i was thinking i didn't know
whether to have the set here or over
there so it sort of looks like that or
like like that i don't know we're gonna
have to experiment with it that's cool
that's cool you guys let me know
but let me know office is a massive mess
right now need to sort all this out it's
figure out how to get that sound bar on
the wall need to figure out the tech
flow set I also need to figure out some
soundproofing in this room because then
it doing videos in here as you can hear
it echoes a little bit and I don't want
that that's annoying for you guys and I
don't want to annoy you guys it's the
last thing I want to do turn on the fan
get it on pro tip for any of you guys
that own a car or drive it's very very
hot today's you guys know it gets a Sun
trap inside of your car if you leave it
in the Sun I'm driving a ridiculously
long way tonight to a meal a family meal
with some of Maria's family and it's
going to take like an hour and a half to
drive and I'm not getting in my car
while it's boiling hot simple solution
find a tree park it in the shade oh it's
fun everywhere oh no this is the sofa pa
box right now this is mental I can
definitely do another episode of the PIO
box opening episode 2 on the main
channel you guys are sending in
ridiculous amounts of stuff
and I forever some great offers it means
the world to me
right and now I said I was going to do
the network upgrades on Friday but I've
got such a busy week this week I'm gonna
try and lay some of these cables now in
the loft I bought all new Ethernet
cables for the access point in the house
for people that don't know we've got new
internet here it's ridiculously fast and
I want to make sure all the access
points have good hard white cable to
them and all the computers in the house
and yes that does mean I'm gonna start
live streaming more from the house not
to mention it's like a freakin solar in
the loft isn't it
I'm dying I'd reckon if I just take
these two cables I need to get them all
the way down there to direct me if I
just throw them this will work I'm gonna
do it anyway I know it didn't work all
right so warm in here
there we go I've laid a bit of cable
wait till I get down here I have literal
droplets of sweat Oh cut and walk can
you see the sweat on my forehead I'm
look you just gonna have a cold bath I'm
just gonna have a call back I just need
to have a cold bath I'm dying
