no it's just one big horny be how you do
my fro okay hey don't come near me I
will chop you into my friend yeah we
have a big problem in this house
everywhere these are shots that's vile
I'll see you tomorrow babe good
afternoon see what my name is of course
Alex and it makes me so happy when the
weather in England is super warm like it
is today I've just dropped Maria back
off at home and now I'm on my way to the
office and the office on a Sunday hey
how about that but to be done what I'm
trying to say is now no matter what
you're doing whether you are working
behind a bar whether you are running
your own business whether you are
setting up a gym or whether you're not
doing anything towards work you're
focusing on yourself there's always
always room for improvement and this is
the thing that I've been trying to drill
into my head at the moment there's
always someone that's gonna be better
than you in some way shape or form
she's not with the key Alex what do you
mean by that and what I'm trying to say
is well recently I've been doing some
works for some clients some works for
some clients and while I've been doing
that work whilst I was in Spain last
week I was thinking to myself let's go
online and have a look at some other
examples of what other people have made
for the same sort of company so I went
online and I saw some absolutely
brilliant videos and instead of it
inspiring me it made me really upset
because it made me think that there's
people out there that can do a better
job than me but that's gonna always be
the case there's always gonna be someone
better than you whether it's in a sport
or a certain activity no one can be the
best at everything it's an impossibility
it's the same rule that applies to no
one is perfect right I was watching a
film last night with Mia or Maria and
some of you guys had to call her she's
called both Maria or Mia and in the film
it said that one of the people owned a
thousand-pound chihuahua which is a
little dog right and they said that the
little 13,000 pounds Chihuahua won three
competition this is when a load of
medals but it still pisses on their
boots it's not perfect no one can be
perfect to everything if you can guess
the name of the film that I watched last
night from that quote put in the
comments I'll send you a tenner on
PayPal I should have just said that
should I oh there but anyway then all
this is open it cuz I don't know what it
is and I thank you guys for sending me
another one of these the last one they
sent me if you guys didn't know actually
I took it off and it just flew away and
flew into a tree so that's it guys can
you send me another one
so never send me another one
cool man
so I'd appreciate it if you guys give me
a few days training with this thing I'm
gonna try and learn to fly it and then
we'll do some videos with it now it has
a spot on the top of it you see just
here to mount a GoPro camera so it can
put a GoPro on it and these things the
reason these drones are called these are
racing drones you meant to put goggles
on with screens in you have a live feed
from that little drone and they can
travel up to like 60 miles an hour
ridiculous speeds so and need to get
used to it I've been reading through the
comments in yesterday's video and all of
you guys have been saying Alex you can
claim for the laptop on your travel
insurance I'm not a hundred percent sure
if I have travel insurance but I think I
do the thing is I edited all my daily
vlogs on that little laptop and it was
great because I could literally take it
anywhere and edit the daily vlogs which
is why I've been doing this thing every
single day and being able to do it so
now I'm having to edit them all at home
and I'm just a bit scared that there's
gonna be one day where I'm not at home
so this is the angle from the GoPro this
is what Toby's gonna be holding Toby's
never been open exploring before and to
be fair when I went last time with my
other friends we didn't do the whole
experience we didn't go through the
whole building so we're gonna go back to
where we went before and go through the
whole building nice shit mate is that
what you're going over next boiling
you've got to wrap the mars bar a be
rolling gas for this this is gonna be so
cool
it's often reboarded back up this is
what I got him before I never bought a
little talk yeah yeah that's what I
walked into you last time
directly
this size
well it was interesting what worden do
the other side yeah way to lose my
virginity
Harrison I am legend you know when
they're all still inside in the
cafeteria that's nope I've made the
people come here all the time that snake
isn't it yeah that was not her life I'm
not sick I love that snake yeah it's so
cool in it
it's crazy for motive whoa Jesus Christ
they have 20 minutes already make time
flies
oh my god there's a little bird not a
nest there's a nest what sick hey birdy
what was that you ain't nuts I'll go be
hungry stay there stay there
Oh
guys have just got back and come into
the closet everyone is now asleep that
was mental like I'm asking my heart
skipped to be oh wow it let me go back
and do more urban exploring if you guys
liked it what I was thinking of doing
was me and Toby I'd like that jewel
camera set so what I was thinking of
doing was doing like an uncut version of
it and then if we go urban exploring
take a few cameras do a dual camera
setup put like the put in the vlog and
then put the uncut version like the long
version works there's no cuts in it you
guys can see the whole thing and upload
that to Mars bar and then it's like a
dual camera perspective but like it
upload them it if you guys want that
drop a like rating this video gets to
5,000 like ratings I'll upload the uncut
version of that one yeah
ah guys I need to get to bed now where's
Bryce you guys been awesome stay also
keep smiling and I'll catch you in the
next one and yes
