good afternoon guys how we are doing my
name is of course Alex welcome back to
another daily vlog and being video from
two different angles today to turn the
camera round slowly and you'll see I see
what I mean here's Elliot with this new
a 6300 this is a beast of a camera and
I'm gonna check it out today
you're stealing Toby's thing mate Toby's
not gonna be happy with you hi guys
so while I've been away jaws has been
borrowing the nine bar and he said
you've been on using it for your commute
to work is that right and how long has
it cut out the time you can walk then
you took about half an hour out of your
commute to work on the nine bar do you
enjoy it
yeah good no worries yeah this is the a
6300 Elliott's new little baby this is
the camera that I wanted to get vlogging
just because it's really small and
compact and now Elliott has it in his
humble hands he's got it on a little
steady Campbell and he's currently stood
on the ninebot you like Elliott go
Specter than that you're not used to it
though I know yeah I'm still you know
practicing it's quite hard to get it
properly balanced as well is it quite
hard welcome to our pool you're speaking
to Jamie how cap hello Mae I've got a
you know the MacBook they're really thin
one yeah and the screen after all
long story short someone stood on it the
screens all smashed to bits and I need
to get a quote on how much is going to
be to put on your screen on it and then
what's gonna happen is they will let you
know how much it's going to cost for a
repair and then it's up to you to give
them the go-ahead I mean if you're not
prepared you can take it back and you
know arrange for another appointment
some other day so I came to edit
yesterday's vlog that was meant to go
out tonight right and I started edited
it editing it on the plane my Gorillapod
slowly falling down isn't it edited it
like 3/4 of it on the plane got back and
was gonna edit it as soon as I got back
and opened up the laptop and saw that
cool all I can assume is that someone
must have stood on it when I put the bag
down and then obviously I got really
frustrated when I got back because
obviously all the vlog clips were on
that laptop and I'd removed them and
formatted my SD card so I didn't know
what to do so then I got even more angry
and proceeded to bend the screen even
more
because I'm an idiot and then I managed
to get some sense into my brain I
plugged the laptop in via HDMI to one of
my monitors so I could drag the clips
onto my main computer and edit it but
then they stood and then what happens
I've got no one to be angrier I've got
an appointment booked on Wednesday at
the Apple Store and they're gonna go and
give me a quote how much is going to be
to fix the screen right guys need to get
out of here because iMac being brokers
would upset me and I don't want to be in
this room anymore so let's go cool I've
decided that I know also Jordan here
today and that we've got two cameras
this is insane
but I do like a little virtual tour boys
like to walk into the office as soon as
you walk in you but it'll Mars I'll show
you it says what miles we hear edge key
take 20 miles mark key hung up back and
then put the look in and we're off in to
drop it say yeah my desk with other
parcels and stuff
Edifier I've sent us a sound bar which
is sick that's cool
what does anything guys in my office
hang out tonight Zen you like it yeah
many proof and just mop because it's a
bit just a little bit this thing i'm
jania it what do you think a little bit
may love it sick so I've got a few boxes
here I'll open the rest of them tomorrow
but this an analysis but while I'm here
I may as well unbox it what the heavenly
oh oh my day's work hard anyway stickers
with my logo in the middle they're just
little notebooks that you can jot down
notes in take them to your business
meetings rattle and box the rest of
these things in another vlog but for now
that it's cool I drop link to work hard
anywhere and stuff in the description
I've got me in wallpapers for them so if
you want the wallpapers there in the
description let's go
say alex is the best so he guys very
well know we're at Jordans as you also
can very well see the car is looking a
bit dirty what do we do at Jordans we
film him in slow motion with his
brand-new foam gun foam in my car
you
so mr. Matthew has now arrived say
what's up Matt say what's up Matt hahaha
I'm alright how are you yes sweet man so
this is the lens that I was perving on
you want this level you got it yeah yeah
it was very nice lamb you've got it I
was talking about it and then all of a
sudden you bought one and I was like ah
I see the worm earth have turn it okay I
really want to get this for vlogging
though like that for vlogging yeah with
the 10 to 18 Miller's it would be
amazing amazing for vlogging jords has
finished he has worked his magic and
look at this thing it's insane
I'm gonna be driving around in my German
whip and it's also gonna be clean
there's one more thing I need to do
oh my god that is wicked look at it look
at what done George Sampson pina Makar
dude your absolute legend stickers on
cars clean
let's fly this hell of a drone thing
it's yours in it so we're going to take
this up yeah woman's last time you flew
this a different air we don't even have
more than a year ago so I've got the
inspire one up there already these two
numbnuts are here with a little Huey
thousand foils blowing beauty or
brilliant you decide we all get you're
just rush to anyway so I've got
this absolutely awesome let me start
recording absolutely awesome shot set up
on the drone ready to launch this plane
a match just decided to copy me cuz he's
a youtube copycat yeah but technically
map we're both using gorilla pods and
we've both got you got this grown worse
though Mars but we're both copying Casey
nice that let's be honest yeah I know we
are both exactly said there's a Casey
nice that invented tripod yeah of course
yeah invented cameras and microphones
and putting it all together and also
that his editing style
I do like Casey I'm not gonna badmouth
the guy but I'm basically he's copying
us
you
well that didn't work very well boys did
it what was it with that stay get out of
it right go on then lads we don't we
doing it again
round two round what's up ting tang
walla walla bing bang boom
yes I've got control yeah yes our choice
is again the river no oh don't execute
right you guys are still in the air
jordans obviously unable to fly guys I
need to go I've got stuff I need to do
so I'll catch you all in a bit yeah
I am dude take it easy buddy cheers for
the car clean G all right I'm doing a
few network upgrades around the house
this is power strips and network cables
for that said upgrading right all my
network stuffs arrived I need to do the
network upgrades
this week we're currently on Friday
we've got the man coming to install the
new sky queue boxes and skies like a
provider here in the UK for like
satellite TV so we're getting the new
sky queue box is installed on Friday at
the same time I'm going to be upgrading
the network with all new network cabling
or cat6 getting all the access points
up-to-date in the house
make sure everything is good so I've got
that in my diary for Friday all of this
week I've got two all next week Rob and
I was currently on Saturday you guys
watching this on Sunday I've got to edit
all of the boat clips together for the
company I was working for this estate
agent company I'll do all that got some
work to do for our Gutter gaming got
some other bits and bobs I need to do
just write down what I'm the most
unlucky person there is like I'm so
unlucky like everything I have breaks
well I just I want to know what happened
to it I just want to know what happened
to it like I said 'it admire on the
plane got back and wanted to edit it and
get a good night's sleep and start this
vlog today because i knew i was doing
some awesome things with some friends
open the laptop and screen which i
literally I wanted to cry I literally
wanted to cry out and I don't know what
to do because that screen to get that
laptop repaired it's gonna cost me about
and it's just not worth it ah right guys
I'm going to end today's vlog here it's
been a great day hanging out with some
friends Bart my MacBook breaking which
is so annoying
but anyway Meyers Malik's you guys been
awesome stay awesome keep smiling and
I'll catch you in my next video adios
see house
Oh
