boys and girls today is the day right
now it's happening right this second I
don't even have time to do my hair it's
downstairs
all right so here we go it's finally
arrived before building a night what the
hell is that I've got more exciting
things to show you in today's vlog but
this look at that that's sick it's
finally here this is mad finally ordered
my emerge so soft on the inside wait a
minute soft but isn't that oh my god
this is so soft
oh look and then you even get like a
custom order receipts guys if you want
to go ahead and cop some of the merch
for yourself the link is down below and
every time somebody buys the merch it
literally blows my phone up I don't want
phone is but I get a notification every
time the second someone buys straight to
my phone guys link in the description I
want to go I see you all wearing this
stuff this is sick today my friend Tobi
is coming because I haven't see him in
ages and we're gonna go we're gonna go
to meadow hall which is like a massive
shopping center closer and obviously I'm
repping the merch
so come out with some clothes shopping
I'm going up New Year so let's get
something for New Year's and I've also
got a meal day with my mum tomorrow for
Christmas because you guys do my mum dad
don't live together so I'm going up a
mum tomorrow
spending Christmas day with the family
with dad's family and then go at mum
tomorrow so I need some clothes for that
but first one minute is browse all the
shops with Toby then go get some food
and then come back with hopefully some
buying choices
so morning shopping done whoa quani
shopping company haven't bought anything
I'm gonna go back to the shelter went in
before and see for abandoning afterwards
just to make sure we're not wasting
money but for now quick meal quick meal
in pudding fact my first time ever in a
way c'mon who's with the taupe so flat
would tape again it's a ritual
taking off the merch I know I know I was
super proud to put it on but it is New
Year's coming up and as I've said I went
all in black today because I knew the
jumper was arriving but I need to get
some stuff for New Year's so we've got
some polo we've got some more polo but
I've got loads of shelf boss
thank you very much so guys Toby and I
have had a brilliant day at meadow of
all time to do a little bit of work now
though both Toby with me to the office
because spending the day together today
and well was arrived at office oh that
one's got a slit in it we can see what's
going on let's get all this stuff
upstairs this day bro Toby's one of my
friends that absolutely loves computers
I'm gonna bring them to the office just
gets absolutely fascinated by all of the
computer tech that we have in it now all
that stuff is for giveaway soon we've
got parcels here to unbox we've just
been looking here at the 1080 TI GTX
here which is the that has 11 gigs of
RAM that thing no yes 11 gigs of ram in
there and this is what today's video is
all about this box right here
but for now awesome day awesome day at
meadow today I just got five shirts and
from finals not that I'm really bothered
about that obviously because the merch
is the motors fire so you can get some
of that in the in the link in the
description you guys been picking up
left right and center so everybody in
sport hours what's their personal thank
you means means the world to me but for
now this has arrived and so we have
ourselves guys a little bit of merch
more clothes MSI I thank you for sending
me closer toy to our my star dragon is
up
it's all yours my friend oh no way
yeah so you doing shoe and box of Emma's
idea with the MSI stuff on my head MSI
you know Olivia but I can't do I can't
do the rest of the video in this mental
okay so it turns out that these dragons
are like limited edition we just found
one on eBay
look at that wait a minute look at that
$10,000 yeah I'm not sure about that bro
I'm sure they're not worth $10,000 maybe
so yours take it honestly well you like
your house as well there yeah
two massive more than this good
old-fashioned PC peripheral unboxing
videos this is from aqua tuning and I
don't have been bra during anything from
aqua tuning through ourselves guys some
vengeance RGB ROM I believe this 16
gigabytes here 16 Giga bits Giga bits
about there engine quit hey guys this is
the main center portion of today's
unboxing video this is a box of stuff
that I ordered from scan now I'm doing
this in partnership with a few other
companies mainly Coursera and MSI the
only two companies and in partnership
with doing this so let's well let's see
what's inside it Christmas has
definitely come early this this is gonna
be absolutely
so guys are going to do this POV fov
whatever you want to say and put these
off put those in there in the makeshift
bin and then underneath all this packing
phone we have the crystal series from
course now this is the this is the full
60 X from Corsair it's kind of like a a
modern case to do like mods in and make
your computer look awesome
and then to help me to help me with all
that mods we have some Corsair LED
strips and then we have two sets of
course their LED fans now these are the
version two versions of these they have
like that the rotator II ring around
them and then all the fan blades light
up these are these are really cool
they're also super super expensive like
look look at them there's a three pack
so we have six fun and then here
obviously the piece all about together
we have what's called the commander pro
now this allows you to control all of
the LEDs on the LED strips and on the
fans inside your OS obviously we'll be
using Windows 10 so probably thinking
Alex what is all this this is the MSI
1080 TI gaming trio edition with 11 gigs
of ram this graphics card is a monster
but the funny thing about this is what's
powering what's powering this GPU is
this little micro ATX motherboard but
it's a bit it's gonna look so cool
inside the case so motherboard GPU Ram
I'm gonna use this PCIe it's not a
terabyte this is 512 gigs of PCIe
storage that's going to be going
straight onto the motherboard I'm trying
to put all this stuff up so you guys can
see everything for the bill then we've
got all of our fans here and then that
is in probably get out you have enough
stuff there to build a computer well you
see this is where things get a little
bit interesting what I'm trying to do is
recycle my old gaming computer which is
well series already come up here
inspired it out it's right here this is
my old gaming computer and there's
something wrong with it it doesn't post
but it has SSDs it has CPU it's got fans
it's got a cooler and PSU so what I'm
going to be doing on the stream this
weekend is well dismantling this
computer salvaging all the parts I can
from it and then building the new one oh
and we're missing we're missing it we're
missing a CPU kinding a CPU I think
nothing else at home hopefully guys
fingers crossed this build is gonna be
absolutely awesome I have just built
this little masterpiece of a LAN setup
on my desk woman say hey gaming for the
past hour playing some poop J and got
Spotify on each rebirth I haven't seen
each other in so long we just want to
have a little bit of chill time and this
well that's sorted it so guys with that
being all well and said I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's video here guys I
really really do hope you have enjoyed
it guys if you have a light rating would
be absolutely awesome try really hard
with the videos as you can probably see
these are taking me a long time to put
together every single day but it's so
worth it because I enjoy guys so so so
so much so guys any supports was that
about writing a comment even sharing it
with a friend would be absolutely wiki
guys it mean the world's mate helped us
out so much hey guys but for now -
vanilluxe you guys have been awesome
guys stay awesome keep smiling you
missed yesterday's video click right
there you're not subscribed click right
here
now guys I'll see you tomorrow guys
