I've proper messed this up like I
believe you can see it outside but I
just I'm really burn I just wear some
creamer forever in a hot country
don't be a dick like me so this is my
last day here in Spain I'm going home or
heading to the airport at 6 p.m. Spanish
time tonight and I should be home by
around 11:30 p.m. English time which is
really cool but also really frustrating
at the same time over I'm going for some
lunch with the family now
the subject had a quick meeting with a
guy here in Spain I didn't realize he
was out here and he's someone that
included some work with in the future he
has an app where pretty much you watched
to add verse on it every single day and
you have a chance to win one thousand
pounds now it's still in development at
the moment but hopefully when it's out
about to show you guys it and all of you
will have a chance every single day for
watching two adverts to win a grand easy
stuff and really cool time is slowly
running out the clock is slowly going
down for the amount of time I have left
in Spain and I'm slowly getting more red
with burn all over my body but missing
this down here like look at this in
there look wicked doesn't it bear with
me here this is gonna sound really weird
but what I was thinking was if if I just
got this camera here like this this is
gonna be really weird and literally
right I get this get my hand here I take
you guys right you're gonna have to
brace yourselves and I'm gonna throw you
over there you ready all right I'm
coming I'm coming
well that was cool wasn't it I hope no
but to be fair I've actually really
enjoyed the two days two days that I've
had to chill and relax and not have to
think about work as you guys know I came
out to work for a business trip and you
know now I'm here just chillin for the
last two days and I've got to go home
and I'm gonna miss it I really am
I mean it does just look gorgeous
doesn't it it just is like a nice place
so I'm walking back up to my villa now
got the drone and everything in my hand
last time I'm going to see this gorgeous
view for a while because it's summer I
usually come back here but I'm actually
going to Australia instead and I thought
I would have my last moments in the pool
down there all the kids were like Alex
can you come in the pool and play so
it's been everyone vs. Mars bar in the
pool all the kids were all been throwing
them throwing water balloons each other
it's been really fun and they've really
enjoyed it so my mission is complete I
have made some people happy today let's
go back to England
Obama's bank account
unfortunately I'm not know Casey nice
that so I'm not in a VIP lounge waiting
the key like every other normal person
in the world wish I wasn't the ideal a
non VIP lounge struggles is trying to
find somewhere to sit
the temptation when coming into an
airport just to buy something is unreal
like I just want to buy it
just off the fly about to go now and get
on
I'm a bat burnt so bad
my bed is exactly the same as when I
left it right I'm all back home and I've
managed to unpack all of my bags got
everything hopefully but where it should
be as you guys know I took a lot of
camera gear out there the drone
everything so I've unpackaged it all
hopefully everything is back in its
place
it is now currently almost 2 a.m. up in
unpacking for about two hours have so
many little bits of equipment so many
different cables so many different bits
and bobs hopefully I'm all sorted out
but there's bit of an issue I put this
on my snapchat story there was a bee
over there just on the just from the
blind but it was dead so I went to put a
cup run it to capture it and put it
outside turns out it was alive and it's
in this room somewhere and it's very
angry and I feel like it's gonna jump
out and forget Ninja Assassin kill me
very shortly so that's the thing also
I've had an email from a random shop
owner in my town my local town which is
nottingham random shop owner emails me
and says hey Alex I believe this is for
you and it's a picture of some fan mail
now you guys of one of you has tried to
guess my address or tried to guess an
address or just totally messed up and
sent a sense of mail to this guy's shop
owner who was then found my youtube
channel who then emailed me if you guys
want to send stuff to the address make
sure you get it correct because it's in
the description send stuff to the PIO
box that's what you guys did send stuff
to from now on that's cleared up cool
right I'm gonna guys I'm saved because
I'm Alicia
- right you guys went over some snails
and keep smiling and I'll catch you in
the next video adios
