there
last day of filming this morning got to
get some shots of this balcony veranda
thing guys check out this view I'm on my
phone so obviously got my main camera
for film in nice innit I'm hoping as I'm
hoping as I'm doing all this promotional
videos for all of these like different
apartments but let me stay in one for
free that'd be wicked let me stay one
for free
so just arrived at the driving range
we're gonna smash some balls down here
try and get some footage of it just a
little bit of b-roll for the main video
that we're shooting my shot their
driving range is super small though
we're gonna go to a different one then
yeah all right go
live event or driving away enjoy not
allowed to use wood before so I go into
a racecourse and I'm saying you're not
allowed to use a car that's got over
hundred fifty less power
right okay I finished work we're going
on a boat can't wait all right a big
boat like I've never been on anything
this big before in my life this is gonna
be amazing
that's what she said yeah
now I have never ever ever in my life
ever been on a boat before so we're
going to take the drone try and take off
the drone whilst we're on the boat I
don't even know how big this boat is I
don't know what to expect I'm so happy
that I've finished work at least and
this is a great finale my target has
been found down there in the white that
is the man who's going to be driving the
boat do you say driving a boat is that
the right word do you drive a boat man
the boats a bit sexist in it why don't
we woman the boat instead he's gone into
here so I assume I'm going to follow him
on my days I want one of these
got one of these mate how many times
have you driven this boat by yourself
once none none all day with it oh is it
that is road-legal what about the Beast
got the inspire one here
is it rubber dinghy Rapids during a new
fallen and I get a million views trying
to has a double-bedded yeah that'll been
stupid cabin to ban cabin
cameras gorillapod it to the front of
the boat the Stephanie's at risky but
I'm risking it and the earlier no risk
in putting the camera them also flying
the drone
here we go
landed successfully thing if we get the
dinghy out or ever it's called
the ring they don't know the doughnut I
put the drone autopilot so it follows
the boat by itself I go out on the ring
I think we're onto a winner okay yeah
feel a little bit sick though
is invincible
you
oh by mr. boat
so it's about midnight right now I'm
going to place my phone there I've had
an absolutely insanely busy insanely
hectic last few days and I want to
explain like a little bit what's
happened in the last sort of week so you
guys can fully understand what's going
on because I've been seeing a little
bits of it in each vlog and I feel like
a few of you guys just don't know so I
was actually went to go out to Spain
last Thursday that my flight got
canceled last Thursday because of the
air traffic control in France went on
strike so then the next flight I could
book out was Monday which was two days
ago today of recording this is Wednesday
so I thought on Monday and I went to
meet my clients that I was meant to be
filming with my clients on Friday
Saturday and Sunday obviously my plane
was canceled on the Thursday so I've had
to film all day Monday all day Tuesday
and all day today so I've been working
with my clients and it's been really
difficult to vlog but they promised me
but I could go out on Wednesday on their
boat which is what I've been doing today
but over the last two days Monday and
Tuesday I've been filming for a Estate
Agents the kind of like an estate agents
but not really and that they they're
they booked holidays for people and they
wanted some video of their hotel rooms
their hire cars and their resort and the
surrounding area and where their resort
is based in Spain and how to get from
the airport to the resort and all sorts
of different type of promotional videos
and that's what I've been doing for them
and I've really enjoyed it but it's been
non-stop and I've had to work the last
few days that's why the vlogs of living
a little bit like I don't if they've
been lacking but I've been try my best
hike to birth of it but like when I'm
with clients doing professional thing
and I walk out my camera stopped
recording myself when I'm being paid to
work it's a little bit unprofessional as
you guys know this vlog thing isn't my
forte it's not what I do for a living
this is just me having fun and doing
this things nothing that I take too
seriously
but I've managed to do it every day
without fail so far so we're still going
strong the boat today was amazing my
arms
I'm now killing me other than that I
need to get some sleep because evolution
can happen no sleep the last few days
been sleeping in on Leno on that unknown
location my arms are knackered from
hanging onto that thing today and yeah I
just need to get some some well-needed
rest but for now you guys have an
awesome - Ben Alex no it's not that it's
- max you guys have been awesome stay
awesome keep smiling and I'll catch you
in my next video yes
Oh
