first day working in Spain had some more
sleep last night than the 40 minutes I
had the other night good morning and
welcome welcome to today's vlog just
before I start working or I go to work
this morning stop filming I thought it
would be polite of me because are you
guys have asked in the comment section
for me to give you a flat tour so here
we go this is the door and this is the
spare bedroom that's me
this is private that's my room this is
my kitchen it has granite worktops and
there's a battery on charge for some
reason that was like this when I arrived
these are all the plates from the quarry
I had yesterday evening whoo hurry bows
just coke and vodka and this is the
seating area with a load of crap
everywhere and a TV and my slider and if
I walk out onto here this is mellow
balcony we've got the inspire one box
Bose Soundlink mini my work phone and
then back in here is my bedroom
cool I'm literally hanging out the spare
bedroom window scanning for Wi-Fi with
my phone I don't know how I'm gonna
upload yesterday's vlog I don't know how
I'm gonna do it but I can't really worry
about that right now
whoa because I've got to get ready go to
work I've got to go film a bus fly the
drone film in an Aldi store film the
meat and fish counter film in town and
film some other stuff I'll drop some
clips of what I got now
guys I'm so tired I've literally been
filming all day yesterday as you guys
know for my clients and all day this
morning I managed to take the drone out
we've just come back to the resort now
to have some food and my phone's been
dinging dinging I said dinging it's like
when you're nip and pops and we're just
going to nip nip to the shop
I'm just gonna pop over there I wanna
see if I can show you guys why my
phone's been dinging and the obvious
work in he said in the tech flow video I
do mate I'm putting you at you in my
blog mate you're in the vlog
this is what I managed to work out and
it still doesn't work this here is the
back end of a bar restaurant thing and I
walked in there and I was like guys I've
really got to send some emails but below
to YouTube it's easier to say send some
emails please can I have your Wi-Fi
password I got it yes now my apartment
flat thing that I'm staying in is just
over there so now the question is how do
I get the internet from here all the way
over there just taped in there is a
wireless repeater that picks up the
signal from there and rebroadcasts it
this is the bush of Wi-Fi
so the internet goes from the bar
restaurant type thing just there to the
bush of Wi-Fi to a wireless repeater
sticking out the back of my balcony and
it still doesn't work
I'm daddy
your 15 minutes of fame
yeah oh go on just had a gorgeous meal
out now we're heading back to the hotel
it's my last night here tonight filming
tomorrow we're gonna do some filming to
run one in then we're on a boat that
should be fun
that's that's gonna be my thumbnail
sorted all I know is I've got a camera
vodka and a good time so that counts in
it
well nice
it doesn't hurt but I'm going out on a
boat tomorrow and if I don't cream up
tomorrow I'm definitely gonna burn a lot
of people have been asking me about the
laptop of the ASA sent me and when I'm
talking about a lot of people I mean a
lot of people so this is some sort of
non comprehensive review of this laptop
it it lights up on the back if you open
it up these light up and this lights up
it looks cool like it it looks cool even
the keyboard lights up I mean it's super
fast
I love the keyboard don't really like
the trackpad it's a beast spec wise I
can play any game I want on this thing a
very high frame rates I mean yeah
there's not much else to say about it it
is just a gorgeous machine literally a
gorgeous machine I love it so guys I'm
gonna end today's vlog here because it's
currently 20 past 12:00
and I've got a lot of work I need to do
tomorrow I'm going out on a boat which
should be really fun but for now -
bollocks
you guys been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll catch you in the next
one
