mama mia and I'm a cook it made not
cookies and that was one of the ones
that I made but you're the you're the
cake master so I want you to test it for
me cool so today is Sunday the 29th of
June I fly to Spain tomorrow but like in
the early hours of the morning I'm
talking 4 a.m. so I'm up at 4 a.m. in
the morning tomorrow morning to catch my
flight to Spain which means I've got to
go to bed quite early tonight and I'm
not sure how I'm gonna do that
where is they wrote me to video your
garden the wisteria my gamma wants me to
video her garden for her she's asked me
to video the wisteria I don't know what
the wrist area is so I'm going to show
you guys this bush it's really cool
oh my god it hugger what's up in here
you know that one where they where they
talk to the plants in that yeah grasp
your Mandrake firmly you're polish I've
come to my grandma's for some lunch
today because I can't feed myself
properly what are you cooking for me Wow
my boy oh okay thank you very much my my
look at that boys get out my grandma's
got my old iPhone 6 plus and she's
playing music through it she just asked
me playing music will wear the phone out
what do you want me to do grandma hey
what do you want me to do legal highs I
do not want you to do legal house I want
you to cuz if I do legalize what makes
you think I would do something like that
right see you single ma thank you got my
bye bye bye bye
just knit to the office before I go away
tomorrow to make sure everything is okay
I'm sure the gelatin is going to be
coming to edit a few videos in the week
while I'm not here so I need to make
sure everything is in place and ready
des cooking proper swaggy I'm absolutely
loving it
editing PC with all the lights inside it
looking awesome I've just left the Jetta
a really long note on this computer the
low know what it needs to do right I can
turn that off now so everything in here
is looking right here's absolutely fine
but I'm a little security camera setup
which are more happy about which if you
guys were interested lasted about 24
hours on the external battery I use but
now I've got it hardwired so got some
stuff on my desk but as you can see I
can see the whole office from there so
that's my office cupboard
I've got cameras on the driveway at home
about cameras inside the house but
cameras on the outside of the house at
home
I love having security cameras installed
and I love going abroad and being able
to look back on my stuff with the
cameras I think it's like really cool
but that's cool we're all sorted now I
can turn off all of the monitors and I
can leave but by office for one week or
so I will miss you lots and lots oh my
god oh my god oh my god drove all the
way home and I'm literally having a
panic attack
can't find my camera anywhere just
driven about hundred miles an hour back
to the office I found it oh my god there
was only one reasonable explanation for
where it could be and obviously in the
office but still I'm going on holiday
tomorrow I've got so much stuff money to
do tonight and mr. G are losing this
camera wasn't what I needed
Oh guys I'm such an idiot I can't
believe I left my camera at the office
it's wasted about half an hour of my day
and I'm so busy guys cuz I'm i'm flying
to spain at 4 a.m. in the morning so i'm
not going to get any sleep tonight
anyway now positive news i'm back
whom we've got the camera but I just
want to talk about something for a
second because I came back from the
office with my camera set up at my
computer and I thought right I'm gonna
check the comments on yesterday's vlog
because I love to just you know go on
Twitter for this you know so half an
hour reply to a few of you guys tweets
and reply to the comments and look at
the comment section I said a few videos
back as you guys very well know I don't
want to make Maria like a massive thing
in these vlogs because in my experience
as you guys know with the boyfriend
versus girlfriend channel they breaking
up and it's a massive deal and that
they're going through a load of hard
stuff at the moment I don't want to have
that have to have to have that those
issues that may come up in the future if
Maria is like always in these videos so
what I said to you guys was I want to
keep her to a minimum in in in these
videos but I also said I don't I don't I
also also said that I don't want to use
her like in the thumbnails because
that's a really click Beatty and a load
of what the youtubers do it and it's so
obvious
those about there's maybe about 5 to 10
comments from you guys saying Alex
you're a hypocrite right and number ones
number one rule is I hate that word
hypocrite I hate hypocrites and I hate
that word hypocrite for someone to call
me a hypocrite that's really annoyed me
they said Alex you said you weren't
gonna use Moroney thumbnails and now
you're using Maria in your thumbnails
you hypocrite but of course she's gonna
be in the thumbnail 90% of that vlog was
me and Maria making cakes if I didn't
put a picture of me and Maria making
cakes in the thumbnail that would
technically be click baiting because
it's putting a thumbnail in that has
nothing to do with the video and then a
few people say in Alex you said you
weren't gonna have Maria in the vlogs
yes I know right this is this is my vlog
and it's about my life right Maria is my
girlfriend full stop right I'm going on
holiday tomorrow as you guys know and I
said to her right mirror I'll spend all
day Saturday with you cuz I'm not going
to see you for a week and I want to
spend some time with you so we're said
we're gonna make some cakes
I can't run two separate lives guys like
I can't run a separate life to see all
my friends my girlfriend and my family
and to separate life just to go and run
off and do vlogs all the time like it
doesn't work like that sometimes it's
gonna have to come together and you guys
are gonna have to see the family stuff
that I go to and you guys are gonna have
to see me when I'm having a chill day
with Mia and that is the way that it
goes and if you guys can't appreciate
that if the few people that said that
can't appreciate
that then please just unsubscribe from
the channel man do you see where I'm
getting frustrated here because the
thing I put so much hard work into this
and then I'm just gets shot down and
it's like brilliant yes exactly what I
wanted anyway run over I need to pack
for holiday it's almost midnight
three bags one destination
okay I've got packed so much stuff
so here we go let's start with bags this
is the Asus rep√∫blica gamers bag this
is my suitcase and this is my favorite
bag of all time the Manfrotto bag it's
insane
right so let's go from this side to the
other side here we have my macbook my
wallet my work phone my sunglasses my MX
master mouse we have an iPad we have an
Asus zenfone we have my beast of a
gaming laptop this thing is insane we
have a twenty thousand milliamp power
bank from ANCA we have a 5000 million
power bank from Ankur we have a anchor
lightning cable a gopro hero4 black a
card reader a my Fi device my bose qc25
headphones a USBC two USBC cable to
charge the laptop two more anchor cables
one whitening one micro USB an anchor
USB charger with USB C I keys my
personal phone an a7 s charger a
Manfrotto tripod head a 28 millimeter
lens two memory cards to work with this
camera a extra a7s battery suction mount
for the GoPro some Bose headphones Bose
Soundlink mini and my slider which isn't
going to fit in there now for those of
you that aren't updated and don't know
you probably thinking you're taking way
too much stuff on your trip with you and
yeah I would be if I was going for
pleasure but I'm actually going to work
out there for some clients I need all of
my camera gear and they want the video
doing on-site so that's why I have to
take this laptop with me to edit the
video for my clients on its a big trip
and yes I am also taking the drone but I
need to try and get all this stuff in
these bags first hey Fitz
hi flippy floppies can go in pants socks
clothes and all the boring stuff needs
to be squished down right to the bottom
so the plan is to use this bag for my
hand luggage and this bag to put in this
big laptop to protect it and then put
this in the suitcase what I need to do
is put the stuff that I don't need in my
hand luggage in here
oh it fits now what's left to do is pack
the hand luggage this needs to be
organized properly on my OCD will go
mental everything here is now all
uncharged this little laptop is being
charged by this laptop what is the world
coming to
right
I think how about ready to go it's
quarter past midnight in the morning and
I've got to leave this house but 4 a.m.
so in about 3 hours and 45 minutes now
luckily someone is staying in this house
whilst I'm away otherwise I would be a
little bit lost because if you leave in
a house from what I've been told for
like over five days you have to go round
and make sure everything's locked up
make sure the alarms are on make sure
there's no food in the fridge make sure
the bins been taken out but luckily it's
just me and dad away so I don't have to
go over it around and doing silly things
I managed to get myself packed well I'm
going to be honest with you guys I've
got to go and check my bags in I've got
to get through airport security with all
my camera equipment got to make sure I'm
at the right gate at the right time get
on the plane get my seat and as soon as
I get there I'm being picked up from the
airport
by my clients who I'm going over there
to do work with who I have never seen
before in my life and I'm not really
going to get any sleep tonight because
I've still got a load of emails and work
that I need to finish before my taxi but
the key with all of this is staying
optimistic now if you don't know
optimistic means optimistic means
hopeful and confident about the future
hopeful and confident about the future
let's take today for instance where I
came back check the comments on
yesterday's vlog and saw that people
weren't happy with a six-minute video
now there's nothing I can do about that
I can learn from well clearly now I know
that people aren't happy with six-minute
videos God knows why but all I can now
know is try and make my videos a little
bit longer I mean I don't go and try and
record and try and get my videos every
day to be a certain length I just record
whenever and whatever I want
pile it all together put some music to
it and put it out on the Internet like
this isn't a serious thing for me this
isn't my job but now I know for the
future being optimistic that people
don't like shorter than seven-minute
videos so I know to now try and avoid
that if I can right I am going to end
today's video here guys I could try and
do at least try and get a few hours
sleep tonight so I'm literally not dying
tomorrow when I'm with my clients I'm
going to enjoy this cake and this blog
and guys we still hear a like rating
would be wicked I'd really appreciate
you and the comment and if I've done
something stupid like an under six
minute video or I've managed to put my
girlfriend in the video make sure to rip
the out of me in the comments below
- but Alex you guys have been awesome
and I'll see you in tomorrow's video
where I'm going to go to Spain on my own
with you guys ah adios
Oh
