I didn't thank you for ordering from mod
guru but wait I already have LEDs in my
computer wait a minute guys are you
ready for this three two one
come on oh oh wait oh my god ha is cool
as looking for new braided cables the
white and black oh and then I've got
this strip to use for the editing PC how
cool is that
and how cool is that these modern cables
look absolutely gorgeous thank you to
mod guru for sending these things out
man these things are awesome if you guys
want some LEDs for your computer or some
custom braided cables mod guru dotnet
they'll sort you out
apparently this is all the different
colors of sleeve they do you can
literally just go on this website and
just make whatever color you want of the
sleeves of the cables and they'll make
it for you and send it out wicked right
so I'm not you percent sure what the
issue is however the flooring is office
get super dusty super quick and I'm up
it but is just guess just where does
dust come from dust anybody know dust
are they even know you can see it on the
camera but it is just like if it's not
nice
and I just I just have no idea where it
comes
like no idea in Hell dharmically all the
PCs are all swag down now I can go well
late
thank you
price I can shoot back on I know I keep
a but we don't meet why don't we use no
you all the ready thing ah the
brown ones going to brown one thing no
you're not it
we each need one so you've done there
the same glass now we don't know help no
checked it I don't know what I'm doing
with it can't even open Caitlyn sure
it's plentiful one medium egg and
fortunately don't be touching my red
carpet II know I can see you guys better
cakes in there something I find my
chocolate bitch what an airport oh
there's energy to die then do Neverland
know if you have to mix it you'd have to
put the dye in put a few drops and mix
it yes you get the color the whole thing
blue
I guess in the rain by the way young
brown if you keep going like doing
anything video that's not to wait how
much you meant to put in each one did
not tell you how much you meant to put
you in come on in even mo and even
amount as all this earth my landing it
I'm just gonna make mine blue not it may
be amazing yours gonna be crap
these are probably gonna realize that's
not going to want me when you all over
me slick I'm not being delicate
seasons mine and those are those ones
are just a bit crap there me is a minor
just so much better
but I've dyed them blue and they're not
blue so don't happen there it's your
sketch show me Oh where's some epic
cakes and a massive brownie sing
by mine that means mazey crap mine are
amazing
Oh
