I'm making a cape tomorrow with Maria
yet again and probably tobe a few other
people yeah just sensible customer it's
in a bit so as a lot of you guys know I
live in this house with my dad the plan
was for me to go to Spain on Thursday do
a few days work with my clients out
there and then meet my dad up for the
remainder of the holiday to have a
holiday with him and he was going out
today unlike me his flight wasn't
actually cancelled so he is now going to
Spain I should already be in Spain but
I'm not I'm actually flying out on
Monday so that means yeah I'm stuck in
England with with my camera but that's
so cool because that means I get to
spend some more time with Mia it means I
get to do some awesome stuff which we're
gonna do today and I get to see a few of
my friends this weekend which is really
cool between you and me like traveling
is really cool but I love being at home
all of this is some contraption I bought
for my dad that takes the signal from
our satellite box here in the UK which
is a skybox to get TV it takes it
converts it into a component signal puts
it into this box which Rhian codes it
sends it through this Ethernet cable up
to my 16 gigabit port switch to my
Nighthawk x6 and up to the Internet all
with the hopes that my dad can watch his
Sky box in Spain over the Internet look
at my room right it's clean and fresh
and that's how I like it
no no no no no lemon I want to put it
all in here oh no way I'm finding the
key for that I don't have a clue where
it is now scrap it instead of it being
on the floor down there I've tried to
tuck it away up here with the use of
this key Thurn eight cable and up here
an extension lead it'll do for now I
didn't think that outhouse would be
locked but it is and I don't have a clue
where the key is
oh that's annoying
I totally forgot and totally forgot
right someone tweeted me someone said to
me Alex
a few vlogs ago you said that course
have sent you some stuff but you weren't
allowed to show us until the 25th and
it's now the 27th so that means I can
show you but I totally forgot I would
have totally forgot if it wasn't for
that tweet so I'm going to show you
today
BOM bill is amazing
this is the lap dog
living room gaming with zero compromise
let's put it to the test shall we
who needs instruction manuals eyes
magnetic no way the course our products
are literally beautiful this I'm
assuming goes onto here no way this is
wicked okay okay okay
I've got to hand it to Corsair this is a
cool invention the rog gr6 pc inside of
here and it's connected up and the
reason why it's so genius is because it
uses a single cable to get to where
you're sitting so you plug your mouse
and your keyboard into the USB hub which
is on the side which yes by the way you
do get two more USB hubs they run out
your two USB hubs there and then it
plugs in via one single USB cable and
one power cable which runs through a
single cable goes in here I've got it
plugged into the wall and then one USB
socket into the rog gr 6 i need a mouse
mat though this is any bit i don't like
it needs a mouse mat I don't like this
surface to either sort out though I
don't think there we go
that it's a bit big but oh that's so
much nicer
game all the way back here then crawl up
here and then I've got my mouse and keep
oh my god and playing league of legends
on this massive screen oh wow oh this is
so cool
guys it is that bad playing league so
from my perspective I've got this
massive screen right here right where
I'm playing League of Legends and I
don't know why there's a Wukong bot like
are they even mmm but yeah but this
massive massive screen here right 55
inches 4k put in 60fps and I'm sat here
in a chair with the corsair mouse and a
corsair mouse smart with a k70 keyboard
on this lovely little cushion thing on
the bottom that nicely on my lap sat
here playing to me this is absolutely I
just I can't get over this ladies and
gentlemen the corsair lap dog I rate
this thing I didn't think it would be so
cool but the fact you have to build it
yourself and that the fact that it is
just really cool then with your nice to
use wasn't expecting that all GG Corsair
wow I am going to try and see how long
this little security camera can last
running off a portable battery bank cool
is up there or working powered off the
battery bank you can see me stood there
look wait hello camera how are you doing
still a little spin
right well thank you get to the point
now where I just I can't I can't come
out in public without getting noticed
and this amazing it's just but I don't
know what to say to people like some
people like the like hi is your name
Alex and I'm like yeah it is and then
that's it I don't know if they want a
photo what like I don't I just get I'm
really awkward and I'm really shy so if
you ever see me please approach me and
just chat to me because I'd love it
say hi there you go Alex we hope you
like your new case we're massive fans of
our videos keep up the good work we have
made a 15% of this cont curve for your
viewers all they need to do is use code
Mars bar at checkout if you guys want to
get custom cases they made me a mars bar
one go to simply custom cases comma sent
it to the peer box and 15% off with code
Mars bar they go if you have that you
can get a phone case viewing me on it I
think it's gonna fit on the phones I've
got the wooden back thing do they go
back to sender I believe so
right if you're sending me stuff make
sure you put a stamp on it because this
is going to cost me 11 pound 50 to go
and pick it up because people aren't 11
pound it's another one another one make
sure you put your stamps on the things
so I'll get them to otherwise it's not
fair if you guys send in stuff they're
just gonna gets look at the post office
and what's the point in rule you know I
will street you can do it it's very
heavy
who it's very heavy
don't drop it I've much to cohere can
you do with you right unless maybe you
cry no I can't look I've done it with
this Rams yesterday I'm not sure Lin
nice right that's going to be end of
today's video guys if you enjoyed it
like rating would be weird remember stay
Olsen keep smiling you guys been awesome
I'll keep you in touch in my next video
and stuff you'll see me tomorrow
adios Harley I'm gonna do it together
I'm shaking like a magic and I'm shaking
is too heavy to hold it up
Oh
