ordered a new lens of vlogging this is
what my current lens can see and this is
the new lens this is what my new lens
can see it's a whole lot wider I thought
to myself since this is a vlog and it's
about what I'm doing the more you guys
can see the wider my lens is the better
so I've made this not cheap purchase
hopefully it's better for you guys I'm
assuming that light and doesn't mean
anything good I think that means flat
tire I'll deer just casually pondering
down the dual carriageway and that's
come on that's fine
that's fine that's fine they're all fine
they're all fine white one what's going
on nice lens attack I need to go slowly
but surely sir gents bought a load of
wood with them to the off base we're
going to make a breakfast bar with it
put some shelves up and just do some
general decorating give the office a bit
more oomph because I think that's what
it needs in it um probably the most
confusing vlog you guys have ever seen
because you're probably thinking to
yourself Alex why are you not in Spain
as bad stuff to go to the airport and
actually got a call from the airport
saying that Alex don't don't don't go to
the airport don't go because your
flights been cancelled there's an air
traffic control strike over in France
well I said to them well how does that
affect me I'm going to Spain and
apparently they need the air traffic
control in France to be working and
operational so I can go over France to
get to Spain so now my flight is booked
for Monday so now I've got to spend the
weekend here yeah good on Monday now
so it's been a major work day today it's
currently about 4:00 p.m. in the
afternoon Jen I started working at about
11 12 a.m. this morning as you can see
there's a lot of foam up here and that
foam up there is for soundproofing as
you can tell it's quite echoey in this
room and this microphone picks up all of
that echo and it's really annoying so
we've had to put some foam up there to
try and dampen the sound hopefully if I
speak like this it doesn't echo as much
because I'm speaking into this foam but
if I'm over here you can hear that it
echoes a lot more though we've managed
to record our first tech flow video in
the office we've done a review on this
here TV just to kick things off nice
easy video for us to record and edit I
know what I'm talking about with this TV
because did a lot of research on it when
I bought it so I knew what I was talking
about easy video to make easy video for
Jed to edit one of the first videos were
shot and editing in the office so I
wanted it nice and easy to ease us into
this now I need some of your guys
suggestions because up here in the
secret room I know it's a bit messy
ignore that but I'm wanting to turn this
room into some sort of set I was
thinking if I had a big table here and
the camera angle like about here and
then a table here and a big light we're
gonna have like an unboxing LED like
neon light that says unbox I was
thinking of having a tech flow setup
here where we could just come and do
unboxing videos for tech flow and having
like a little set in this corner if you
guys can let me know any ideas that you
may have to do that that would be great
also guys let me know what you think of
this new lens it's obviously a lot wider
than the old lens so let me know what
you think I think it's better for
vlogging anyways a lot heavier for me to
hold so hopefully should work on my arm
strength but the main goal is you guys
being happy so let me know
welcome into my car Maxine sit down and
everything think I don't know
sumo hopefully if I didn't get come yeah
it's in a bit right well whoa whoa whoa
whoa oh my god
I was flying the drone well the drone
was following me right and he just
starts spiraling out of control
had it in follow-me mode so I was
driving my car trying to get some b-roll
of me driving home from the office right
and I heard a massive bang so I look up
in the air and the drone is spiraling
like literally spiraling right manage to
land it I can only think a bird hit it a
bird must have flown into it a bird must
have flown into it and the thing is it
proper smashed against the ground if I
can start this thing up now and the
camera works it's smashed on the camera
oh my god it still works I honestly
don't believe this you guys aren't going
to believe me
how would it drone fly with that I
managed to land it I managed to get this
thing to land near my car you would
think if this happened to the blaze
whilst it was in flight we'll just start
spiraling a going mental I still had
control of it but it was really hard to
control look at what those blades
yesterday for the June look at I bought
them that's mental
okay all right look at this right here
go guys because I'm super busy okay so
look at this look it just start shaking
like shaking and then spaz and then it
just totally lost control at this point
look at this this is me trying to land
it I was in the car trying to land it
look how mental this is Oh bang right
this thing flies it will be a miracle
I don't quite believe that what's
happened in the last half an hour what's
happened all day but flight to Spain has
been canceled that happened to the drone
what's the price this thing still works
this has been the strangest vlog I think
I've ever recorded flight canceled that
that happen whoa the thing is it all
defies physics how is this thing even
flying with half the blades on what this
blade was literally like this mom how it
didn't just spiral to the ground is
beyond me I'm gonna go for a run and
when I get back I'm gonna look probably
a bit different to how I look now so
there we go finished now guys this is
super simple stuff but it's what I was
thinking about as my abs were absolutely
killing me running around on my mom I
run my app so absolutely killing me and
I was thinking this this genuinely hurts
me to do this where I'm pushing myself I
thought to myself right what am I trying
to get out of going running well I want
to get fitter right I want to get fitter
that want to get into shape that's why
I'm doing this the ultimate goal is to
stay healthy stay fit and just and just
being good health and I was thinking
this this is this is hurting me to do
this right this physically is causing me
pain to push myself and run as fast as I
can but I was thinking to myself you've
got where you are now which is point a
and you've got where you want to be
which is point B right unfortunately in
life there's no shortcuts from getting
from A to B there's one route right and
on that route you may find that it's
easy to do it you may find that it's a
straight road no bumps in the road at
all right it depends on you and your
surroundings however sometimes you may
find that if you want to get from A to B
there may be a forest in the way and in
that forest there's big Nettles
big stinging bushes with loads of thorns
in it and to get from A to B there's no
way around
they go through it you have to battle it
and if you want to get to be if you want
it that much you will go through it and
that is what I was thinking when I was
on my room today but I hope you guys
have enjoyed today's vlog if you have a
like rating would be really wicked and
it would mean the world to me yes again
really annoyed that my flight to Spain
got canceled nothing I can do about it
unfortunately going out on Monday
instead so the weekend at home will is
I'm chilling on the vlog go out do some
fun stuff and then a Monday will travel
to Spain and take the drone do a bit of
work for some clients and I'll show you
guys around that and then we'll go do
some fun stuff in Spain as well in the
gorgeous hot weather doing these daily
vlogs as long as I've got good internet
out there which I should do so guys I
hope you will all right and I hope your
week has gone well so far and mine is
Malik's
you guys been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll catch you in my next
video adios
Oh
