should we open it oh my god oh my god
guys this is it
the black box I don't know what it is
and it's from ASIS and I really want to
get inside it so we're going to do that
with the first type of pasta its blog
paper forms okay you're all right your
exams going okay keep doing exams
that's all I might say also I was out in
town last night and probably had a
little bit too much to drink so we're
going to have for once a chill vlog
where we're not going mental we're just
gonna chill cool right let's get this
thing open now holy balls so heavy oh my
god oh my days when ASA said they were
hooking me up for my holiday they
weren't messing around
oh my I've got an asus zenfone
10 I've got a 17 inch laptop travel bag
a 17 inch but oh my god
and a gaming headset whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa look at this right look at this
unboxing experience in search of
incredibly Jesus this thing's heavy
but goddamn sexy you get a cable tie
look at this George you're huge
it even comes with a gaming mouse light
comes with a gaming mouse gaming headset
this Zen pad looks interesting
oh wow this is cool would you look at
that would you just look at it it has a
blu-ray drive and around this side it
has a USB type-c port Ethernet HDMI is
that DisplayPort oh the keyboard lights
up no way guys I'm not gonna do my hair
today you stay out of my hair all spiked
up don't I as you can see I just I just
I'm not gonna do it today I thought you
know what before I start recording again
I'm gonna leave it two hours to see if I
feel a little bit better obviously you
guys know I was out
last night and I just feel like really
sick like really really really sick but
you know what here's something to make
your travels a bit lighter this looks
really cool Asus zenfone what is this is
it a mini laptop it's tiny oh that's
wicked
this is Andhra I've never had an Android
device before whoa this looks cool man
this looks wicked it just magnets into
there oh wow this is wicked I've never
used Android before in my life like
never ever used Android before so I can
sort of try and get used to it with this
I mean this is this is pretty nippy this
is really cool I'm liking it
check out this cool ass bag wow this is
cool too as a massive space in here for
the laptop I'm assuming I'm assuming
this bag is for the big laptop and I
think I'm assuming correctly something
tells me I'm not gonna be taking this
laptop in my hand luggage I think it's
gonna be going in the suitcase these are
good finally plugs up the coils to eat
some food my stomach is still really
hurting actually yeah this company here
Platinum muscle fuel sent me a load of
that chicken and whatnot and apparently
it's meant to make you strong so that's
why I'm eating it so I want to be strong
and I'll never be strong because I don't
really eat the right stuff I eat too
much crap this was all for oh and about
some other bad news as well but I'm not
sure if it's bad news it's gonna be true
yet or not so before I tell you guys I'm
gonna find out the truth first and then
let you know I'm just gonna nip out
Murray wants to see me for a bit so I'm
gonna go see here then I'm gonna come
back I've got that laptop downloading a
load of Steam games so let's put it to
the test
it is now very very very dark it's very
dark and it'll give antemer ears and I
fell asleep
oh wait hey here we go brilliant my
chairs Dave please a lot of you guys
asked me right and you ask me all the
time Alex how come you don't show Maria
and your vlogs spend a lot of time with
her clearly a big part of your life why
is she not in the videos and I don't
really disagree with that because well
she's been in at least one of my videos
one of them was the go ape one where
like 90% of the video was me and Maria
at go ape I made a great time and she
was in the video but you guys are
correct in saying that I don't show her
in the videos a lot and yeah now I don't
and that is because I don't want to
involve that in this like this is my
vlog this is my vlog where I'm just
going to come out with it I see
youtubers all the time that involve
their girlfriends in their videos and
they end up using their girlfriends as
clickbait in the thumbnails and titles
and then their audience saying why use
and girls will click baton and then have
also seen things where girls are
involved in YouTube just all end it
always end always seems to end with
something bad and I just prefer to not
have any of those issues and plus the
fact she's not really used to this
like she she's quite a private person
she doesn't like to be in videos and I
respect that
cool would you look at that would you
just look at it so this is it I've
installed the the essentials you've got
good older Photoshop Premiere Pro League
of Legends steam all of that lights up
on the back there and then all of the
grill down there is all lit up as well
and it just is like an absolutely
gorgeous bit of kit like oh my god
backlit keyboard as well so in this
laptop we're rocking the NVIDIA 980 m
graphics chip we've also got 32
gigabytes 32 gigabytes of RAM that's
more RAM than my
main computer house which only has 16
gigabytes of RAM we've also got an i7
clocked at 2.7 gigahertz I mean look at
this bad boy
so yeah other than that I just need to
get all my stuff installed on it
obviously I've got on my games but I'd
like to get on my emails and stuff
installed on it it's absolutely massive
and it is super heavy but that is wicked
it is just super powerful it's
ridiculously heavy like it's just like
to be fair once you get it on your back
it's not that bad - I need to finish off
installing everything on that but this
arrived into my post I went ahead and
bought myself a load of spare blades
just because if I ever do crash it that
means I can just you know I've got all
the blades that I can just put on and we
can start flying again brilliant I think
we'll take the drone out tomorrow I've
also had this little bad boy on charge
all day this little Asus tablet
this thing's quite cool and need to get
used to the Android operating system but
that is also wicked so I want to give a
massive shout out to Asus for like
shaping today's vlog and giving me all
of this awesome stuff that laptop is
insane I'm going to bring you guys a
review on that after I've used it while
I'm away on holiday let you guys know
what I think and try and use it I say
try and use it to its full potential do
some gaming and stuff and see how far I
can push it before maybe it starts to
lag I'm not sure but that's gonna be it
for today's vlog guys thank you for
sending all the stuff out I'll drop
links in the description but for now -
Ben Alex you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video keep smiling
stay positive and I'll see you in my
next video as you can tell I'm really
still feeling last night yeah I'm gonna
go adios
I
