sincere apologies we're very sorry that
this item has reached during this
condition how cool is that
welcome to the Mars media HQ and it's
got my M logo and then it's got the tech
flow logo and it's like in recessed wood
this is really cool and so is this I
need to figure out who sent me this and
I have a slight idea who it might be so
I'm gonna drop another message now
however there's yes you guys know what
this is yet
No okay right this focus is very good as
you guys can see my microphone actually
held on by velcro and if I point it this
way that you'd be able to hear me really
clearly there we go so is that have it
now just being velcroed onto the top of
the microphone and if i was to like
touch my gorilla pod you'd be able to
hear the noise of me touching it and it
troubles through to the mic
now it's suspended by elastic bands so
hopefully I can move around nice and
fast switch hands with the gorilla pod
and you guys can only hear in my
horrible voice sick I've just seen the
invoice address and this is actually a
present from Liam Biggs
or casual UK it's a massive shout-out to
Kaz it does technology videos on YouTube
like every other day just reviewing like
random
technology that could be like computer
mice or anything if you guys want to see
a review on a product the tech product
he's probably done it so yeah it's
casual UK Liam bakes a lot of you
probably already know him he sent me
this thank you my friend
I love you lots long time to collect
today's P o box absolutely loads of
stuff they got me a little box as well
so we're gonna have to do a massive here
box opening video I think and just open
it all yeah all you guys are saying to
me Alex
what are you playing at and I'm saying
guys what what you mean what do we want
the planer and all of you guys to say in
Alex your desk in the office the cable
management isn't anything to do with you
like this is just not you at all
and I totally agree the reason why it's
so bad is because the cables that will
provide it with the monitors and a few
of the other bits and bobs weren't long
enough so I couldn't really cable
manager then but for some longer cables
so it's pull the desk back and work on
this god damn cable management let's
time lapse this thing
right so we're getting there
there's a few cables that I don't want
to hide like this white one right here
because it's just here for this little
camera while I'm testing it out as you
guys throwing yesterday's vlog and
obviously these two cables here are
there to charge my phone and then that
cable at the back is another phone
charger which comes up to here for me to
charge my phone so there's not much I
can do with these but I've made good use
of the ikea cable management kit and as
you can see down the back of the desk it
all goes down the middle portion and
then into this cable trunking when the
desk is up against the wall answer the
single one person there kept commenting
Alex please remove this yellow label off
the speaker there you go yellow label is
all removed now sort it check that out
wicked that's not good there we go
that's better
wicked wicked wicked handiwork over and
done with and I'm doing handy works I
don't really like to wear my Apple watch
so I've got the Daniel Wellington on
today and there's discount code in the
description if you want to get one and
all just get a pretty strap or something
they've told me so if you guys went down
it wouldn't in and get a pretty strap
with it and the discount goes the
description then check down down below
whenever I say I'm gonna put something
in the description you guys just I know
you do I know you do you just start
laughing you start laughing you're like
ha ha ha it's not gonna be in there and
you're probably right why don't you
 lie but no I'm happy with that
cable
Jovie that we have done today and the
desk is now supported onto the wall so
that's that I've turned the lights off
because this is probably going to be the
last time I'm in the office until I'm
back off holiday so as you can see
there's a fair bit I need to open I
think I'm gonna do a main Channel video
and open all of this stuff
there we go peer box opening is all
finished and done but other than the
stuff from you guys absolutely amazing
this videos gonna go on the main channel
I need to try and clear all this stuff
up now I've got these little cubby
things all over my floor just about for
a meal with the family right I've had an
absolutely gorgeous meal absolutely
enjoyed it but I just feel like really
like got a belly on and I'm going out
tonight so that's not good is it
okay as many of you guys know I'm
actually going on holiday for a week by
myself on Thursday I'm leaving at 4 a.m.
and a something message and they were
like yo Alex you're going away aren't
you
we think we've got something that's
gonna age your trip massively box is
huge that has an Asus logo on it I
literally can't wait to get this thing
open
so I've recorded an episode of peer box
hashtag number-one thought the main
channel got the peer box down quite a
bit and as you can see I was a
sick cushion I've got loads of cool
stuff in the peer box so that is gonna
be it for today's vlog guys hope all of
you are happy at all of you if you had
exams it's gotten great for you guys if
everyone is in good spirits as usual for
now though my husband Alex you guys been
awesome stay awesome keep smiling and
I'll catch you in the next one I love
all of you
adios oh my god
