the worst part about owning a mini is
that if you want to take a bike anywhere
it's literally impossible
Jed left his bike at mine and he's asked
me to drive it to the office so I've
just done it and it's taken literally
like half my morning and ruined one of
my favorite t-shirts I'm trying to put
out a laptop to get for me coming away
next week but I don't think it's gonna
be possible because I'm going on
Thursday and I'm not gonna want to get
it in time so it's gonna be alright
the bikes downstairs you've ruined one
of my t-shirts and it's taken me about
five hours to put it in the car
okay that's what I do with the funnel
that you guys send me I would also look
put this one over here I don't know how
to put this one it's a picture of me and
it made a fan and I thought I just put
it on there on the good old window ledge
there as you can see so yeah put that
stuff on there it's coming together in
it really hi there and I've been asked
to call up and give you guys some
payment information for a road product
that I need a replacement for brilliant
thank you very much cheers thank you bye
bye ordered a replacement shock mount
for this microphone because it just is
awful if I'm ever holding the camera you
can just say like a load of banging and
load horrible stuff so I thought I sort
it out I get a lot of times these with
chickens teacher bacon and ham and yes
I'm where are the extra
sorry
so it's Vince that hear anything
yesterday's blog on the laptop talk
about some other side really really been
like not on my mind but I just think
it's something that I just need to say
mention it's just ridiculous and pretty
much recently I've been seeing a lot of
them and there's been a few been done on
me as well right
and their actual YouTube videos that are
going on YouTube and these videos are
titled
why I hate this certain youtuber right
and I see them been done to like
comedyshortsgamer ksi loads the side man
lousy like youtubers and there's been a
few done to me and I've watched them and
to be fair I think they're quite funny
but the thing is like these people are
being serious like serious about why why
waste your time on someone that you
don't even know right you don't know
them you know if you don't even know the
person but you're gonna sit there end it
together a 15 minute video on why you
hate this person I just couldn't think
of something more to waste my time on
that's ridiculous it's just stupid isn't
it so stupid
I just understand why people get the
time from life I had time to make a
video on someone I hate yeah it's crazy
isn't it
so this is the home security camera at
1080p HD so I'm assuming it's a security
camera that's more than capable of doing
1080p HD it's coming on apparently
here's the box
I dropped putting in the description
let's try and set this thing up as he
was any good you sent this out to me
that was like you can use it in your
office so you know what it's waiting to
connect to get that as cool will do this
is the best this is cool you do it with
a QR code there we go fan art is up on
the wall we've got over here the ye home
security camera all installed linking
through to my phone as you can see the
quality is actually really decent on
that thing look at the quality of that
that's insane Wow it's really sharp
isn't it I'm just like you know pretty
decent yeah wicked really cool and then
just in here I've installed the massive
Mars bar logo up on the walls as soon as
people enter through this door to see
that and see Jen's ugly mug so I'm just
on a 360 spin off here I can't use my
gorilla pod cuz Jed's got it attached to
his 650 because Jeb has got a job to
shoot some adverts with some companies
and without doing that right now but we
can't tell you guys what the companies
are yet because law
Oh Kim it see you soon bye my it's
glasses it down here wait a minute right
guys glasses on you guys gonna see his
facial expression your word coursemate I
did not sit a bit yeah see you mate
the last glasses but no is this intimate
that's why all the other picture does
they right okay yeah no worries yeah
brilliant right I'm best rush officer
got mighty so no it's guys in a bit
there we go I'm all at home for the day
oh it's been a long day something really
funny has actually happened in the last
hour and need to try and explain it
because they didn't have this camera on
me when it happened but I was flying the
drone at the time pretty much problem as
I got home right and I got at my car
and I heard like this faint buzzing
noise like like a drone but it sounded
like it was far away but it actually
wasn't far away it was just really high
up
and it was literally right above my
house so obviously that was a bit of a
concern of mine so I took my drone up
and took my drone up flew right close to
the other drone that was in the air it
turns out it was a phantom 3 and they
got really scared I flew that close to
them it scared them and they went and
landed back in their garden and here's
the thing right if another drone enters
my airspace we have to go up and we have
to show them who's boss because if we
don't show them who's boss they're gonna
think they own the sky around here
they're gonna go tearing through the sky
with their drone but we were here first
we claimed it and few people that think
I'm being serious I'm not that was a
joke
they can fly their drone I'm not
bothered I really don't care it was just
it was a joke
it turns out one of you guys actually
sent me this battery in the peer box for
the racing drone that we got sent the
250 but I plugged it in and it doesn't
work and soon as this thing came back to
me out of a tree all smashed up with no
propellers on it I'm not gonna blame the
battery I'm gonna blame the drone my
lights are really good aren't they but
all these cables from anchor that they
sent oh these are all those two micro
USBs and two lightning cables and also
Asus are sending me a massive gift
they're sending me a massive gift
massive gift it's a really expensive
gift as well and is the trick with this
way as soon as it arrives I actually can
show you guys what it is but it's a big
deal for me and I'm not gonna tell you
guys what it is until it arrives and
I've asked them to send it to me so I
can take it on holiday with me and I'm
going on Thursday morning so that means
it needs to arrive Wednesday so
hopefully it comes on Wednesday but my
Lisbon Alex you guys have been awesome
stay off some be happy you've enjoyed
today's vlog a light rating would be
wicked and I'll see you in my next video
adios oh wait good look if you guys have
got exams as well so no you guys it's
like exam week isn't it or something
people been tweeting me so guys honestly
just revise for this week get the exams
out the way and as soon as it's done
you'll feel so much better
trust me just try your best addy yes my
hair probably looks really weird right
now but it's because it's like half past
2:00 in the morning and I've just got
back from a four and a half mile run and
all day I've been like right I want a
bit white to go for a run this past week
and I've been like delaying it and I
don't know why but tonight I just
thought you know what sorry I'm gonna go
for it so I've been for a run and the
back had a shower and really enjoyed it
really enjoyed it
and I was thinking on the run I was
thinking as I was enjoying it that much
I was thinking you know what if the I if
you're undecided whether to do something
or not just do it because if you don't
do it you'll never know what it was like
if you did do it if you did do it in
don't enjoy it well you know not to do
it again so who else a lot better
information I could share with you guys
before in today's blog myers-briggs you
guys been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll see you in my next
video
