I'm joking I'm joking keep the music
playing exam please in the past okay is
this Sunday - oh fuck today guys but I'm
just in a really good mood so guys how
are you all doing my name is of course
honest guys and welcome back to another
daily blog and I just wanna let you guys
know that I did tell you before we're
vlogging on a brand new vlogging camera
the whole rig is different because my
main camera broke so this is sort of
like my backup rig for when my main
camera breaks but what I've gone ahead
and done is bought a brand new lens for
my second rig so like look at it look at
the quality shot I listened to the
kyo-chan a fire one under this at Sunday
evening as you can see I've actually
guys just had a really chill day today
just doing me doing some bits that
needed to be doing do some of those
boring jobs that needed to be done off
camera all I'll say is your boy Mars bar
your boy Alex he's picked up an iron
today we're guys all right into the
opposite although what's in the screen
insomnia I know if you guys knew this
but I said in the blog the other day get
your tickets for Saturday the 31st of
March so guys come and say hello I'd
love
that's the rocking why would your father
Ben
so you guys said to me in the comment
section you guys said Alex the next
episode of the ultimate live German room
part 4 best be the final episode best
hub cameras
best time PR best of this best stuff
that I'm working on but what else you
guys said was this Alex do a little mini
episodes of you doing many little things
that aren't ready to make the cut in the
main channel videos do them in in the
vlog so guys we've got some stuff to get
doing like Kanye and I'm so damn close I
can feel the lights guys so there we are
LED strip fixed that's it let's go joke
so far away from as you guys can see
we've got a lot to sort out geez
so now shoot my girl to a lot of things
and I treat myself to a little grin
every time I get a little wind in my
building wings I do it cuz my fans leave
replacing I do it cuz my fans keep away
I'd do a flip the neighbors guys there
we go all nice and tidy in here now let
me walk you through it oh so guys under
here we have the streaming pc which i
built on stream with you guys
we built this live on Twitch with like a
thousand people was really really cool
we've got a water-cooled i 5 16 gigs of
ram a 1070 GPU more than adequate for a
1080p stream at 60fps this is the this
is the brains behind the entire stream
on top of the pc guys we have my custom
elgato hd60 s witch el gato made for me
guys all the cables come on this little
brush plate down here and as you can see
this one comes from the xbox 1x which is
right there and we also have the
playstation 4 in the normal xbox which
have been well painted and then this
cable here with this little label on it
goes over to is in TV and then this one
here with a little label on it also goes
to the TV and the reason they have
labels it's because guys on the TV if
i'm going close to it you guys can see
that the ports are labeled al gato and
pc Atmos and the reason the PC is called
Atmos is because well it goes into the
Atmos Ambar and subwoofer first and then
up to the TV so we've got full Dolby
Atmos support when we're using the TV
obviously that doesn't really matter for
when we're stirring the guys like I'm a
looking
like Stevie and a party with my friends
what the Sun's up how we haven't slept
yet nom so guys I caved in I really did
with this room that's the thing I loved
putting this together we converted this
room from like this into well what it is
now and that is theis fairly incredible
but I've got lazy with it
I stopped in the main reason I stopped
with this room was because of the house
like if you guys have ever a lot of my
audience it's about 50/50 are under my
age and then it's about 50% they're
older than me so if you know what it's
like to buy a brand-new house especially
for the first time you'll know I'm
talking about but if you don't it's a
very stressful thing buying a house and
you guys know that's what I'm doing at
the moment and it's just taking up a lot
of my time well guys a really important
thing to do when you realize something
like this is to resurrect the situation
to make it better and that is exactly
what I'm trying to do here so like I
said earlier so far this room is looking
so so much better all the way from in
there to the table pink idea just need
to get our mouse for that get rid of
that get some plants in get some cameras
install the VR gear and guys the live
streaming room I will deem
yes guys it is some day today what do we
do on Sundays none other than the Q&A
and yes guys congratulate me in the
comment I didn't forget vlogs are
incredible the hard work and effort you
put into a ten minute video you're going
places thank you for making my 6 p.m.
the best hour of the day well that's if
that's if I upload it six my upload
schedule guys has been absolutely all
over the shop recently and I blame that
none other on the new house as I say
it's been taking up a lot of my time
there's been a lot of meetings involved
in a lot going on and a lot of stress
and a lot of what if this isn't right
and guys you have to remember with my
life I share every day of my life on the
internet and whether it comes across or
not every single little thing I do gets
judged whether I like it or not and
whether you guys can see all night does
it get showing every day to hundreds of
thousands of people I need to make sure
that everything is is picture-perfect
that makes sense every single day and
yes even on Sundays like today but I do
put a lot of hard work into my videos
guys and I'm really really happy that
you guys really appreciate that thank
you very much thinking of starting my
own business you got any tips mate
bro just go for it I see so many people
so many people including myself numerous
times where I've thought oh I want to
start up is a business oh there's people
over here that needs something I can
supply it why don't I do it and I don't
know now I don't do it you've got a
football in front of you and you need to
score a goal and you don't even kick the
football you 100% have a 0% chance of
scoring have an idea go for it for
example guys I started up my internet
business where I sell Internet to people
and how do you think I've got that
clientele do you think it came to me
like that no of course it didn't I have
to graft hard I was out there at 10
o'clock at night
posting leaflets through people's doors
to house from house to house to
different house with a phone number on
it hoping I will get a phone call for
someone saying yes I want internet did I
get a phone call no of course I didn't I
thought what could I do better how can I
get these people maybe I need to speak
to them so I went and knocked on that
door again didn't hand them a leaflet or
put it through the post box physically
spoke to them then I started getting
clients prime example of making a
mistake and learning from your mistakes
and great things coming from it what
Apple product is your favorite
the Apple earpods the only apple product
that actually no other company has made
that works well and they do work really
really well you guys see those awesome
hyper lapses that I did at the start of
this vlog I mean maybe they were awesome
maybe they weren't because I'm about to
go and take them right now I haven't
even taken them yet and you guys have
already seen it take you to somewhere
far away then I know
I could take you to some class
way that I
so guys I'm in the car and as you can
see this is the view from the drone and
you're probably thinking Alex where's
the drone it's guys it's just out there
so guys well I've gone ahead and done
here is I'm gonna set the drone to 1.67
shutter speed and I'm gonna bring it the
ISO down a little bit come on Android
phone I bought the ISO down to 800 and
now we're gonna go ahead and do is take
up
unfortunately the inspired does not have
a time lapse feature so I'm gonna have
to go every second guys I'm taking off I
have no idea whether this is gonna look
good or not the drone is now in the air
roll the time-lapse
let's see if I can do this
I could take you to somewhere far away
sweet n guys going back to that question
earlier about business and me telling
you guys that you just need to go for it
you just need to give it a go I haven't
even looked at these time lapse pictures
yet from the drone I haven't even
started editing them together they're on
this they're on this little he could be
rubbish they could be really good but
the point is I tried and if they are
good amazing and if they're not well
there's probably something I can improve
nothing right I need to change the
settings I need to do this I need to do
that and then we'll go out we'll do it
again and we'll make them better usually
guys I say to you have a chill vlog on a
Sunday and it's just never chill so
hopefully that one was a bit more up to
scrap we've got some mental things
coming up this week guys so I'm gonna
get into bed but for now - metallics you
guys have been awesome guys stay awesome
and please keep smiling guys you know
what I'll see you in tomorrow's daily
vlog and if he's still bored and you
want to watch some more stuff I do vlogs
every day so go and check them out and
also how do you hose guys shopping with
your mother in
it's like the rocky ride with your
father in a run-down placing the father
say I said I could take you to somewhere
far away
