good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex 10 a.m. in the
office this morning oh my god that's
early for you isn't it yeah it really is
feeling good today really good to do the
reasons today guys wide today is a
little bit different than usual is
because well I've got lots on I've
always got lots on though I've got some
work I need to do this morning guys just
some client stuff you know that the
standard paid the bills then something
else is happening and then something
else really awesome is happening today
today is a good day
I actually I got really excited
yesterday right for one reason and one
reason only that was because I got home
yesterday
and right on the doorstep was a car that
the postman had come through to say I
had the delivery but he didn't want to
put it through the door or leave it
outside because nobody was at the house
so I've gone to the post office and
picked both of these up got excited
because I thought Warren there might be
the merge that I'd ordered you in my
emerge but somehow I don't think that's
merch and they also don't think that the
merch my merch comes in an Amazon parcel
box this is a gift this is just boxes
inside boxes inside boxes what the hell
oh well my mental thing that's happening
this afternoon it requires me to do this
show me what
they'll be guys the reason I've had to
clean the car outside is because well
I'm about to go back to the office and
meet somebody somebody somebody very
special it's actually one of you guys to
cut a long story short Chazz an
Instagram like everybody else does
pictures of me pictures of my car
pictures of me and my car general stuff
really and some dude like put a comment
I'm one of the pictures of me and my car
and was like dude
I'd love to come and photograph your car
so I checked out his feed and oh my god
he does car photography like he is a car
photographer so guys without a shadow of
a doubt I dropped him a message and I've
invited him down he's at the office
right now I need to go meet him
did we go through try and get to that
that was it right I'm here tell
everybody the name of your Instagram
it's 85 mil so like the lens 85mm 85
milsim I'll put I'll put a clickable
link to it in the description go ahead
and check them out check out all the car
photos and I'm assuming in the near
future it's gonna be some of my stuff on
there live in a few days so check in a
couple of days after this vlog and you
may see as well as on my Instagram some
awesome photos of the whip but for now
we're losing lights we found an awesome
place to do this let's do it
dude you the type of guy that likes
microfiber cloths so that you can
therefore be my friend I love microfiber
cloths you can never have enough
microfiber cloths so here we go my car
is currently being filled up with
tripods by Mankato good choice and all
of this kit in the back and then in the
back seat I really buzzing to see how we
do all this this is absolutely amazing
let's drive 10 minutes to our location
so we have arrived at our location but
conclusions have been made that it's
possibly isn't the best place due to the
amount of light that we have to play
with I've been here before
I've explored this little building
before is little abandoned a little
abandoned building looks kind of creepy
we're gonna go back and we're gonna do
some we're a little bit more industrial
we don't know waste the time so here we
are at our destination
finally we were actually sat on a gold
mine because my office is literally just
over the road
this photo is going to look absolutely
awesome but the thing is you have to go
and look at different locations because
you don't know what its gonna look like
until you actually see it in person so
we've opted for this I cannot wait to
see this photo
well then I'm gonna leave all of this
here and go do some work in the office
half an hour and then come back and move
the car to a different location this is
absolutely awesome I'll see you in a
second right I'm back let's see what the
first shoot looks like yeah okay so I'm
building it up
that's insane so you're just gonna layer
all these together and then it's gonna
make one mental photo
that's insane Wow that is absolutely
wicked now what I'm going to do is move
the car from here to there because
previously there was two cars parked
there so now they've gone we're going to
move my car into there and these well
these are gonna be the killer shot
so pretty much what Alex does here and
yes we're both called Alec and they only
give away too many of his secrets but it
takes a massive massive flashlight and
then places it in different bits around
the shop and then takes numerous
different photos and merges them
together to create one masterpiece and
only a talented ass photographer could
do something like that you see the flash
kick going off numerous photos from the
same place are being taken you guys have
to try and understand that there's this
good photography there's picking up a
camera and going taking a shot and
getting something to look awesome like
natural out of the camera and that's
like one type and this is a totally
different realm that takes a lot more
brainpower moving lights shaping light
it's gonna look awesome I'm actually
buzzing it's taking hours for one photo
thanks so much and awesome I like you
cannot wait to see the see the shot
three guys so you probably all asking
yourselves or think it to yourselves
Alex
where where are these photos what's
going on can we see them you know what
three two one
obviously it all depends I'm a guys have
just shown you the photos if the photos
have been edited in time if it happen in
time I won't have shown you anything now
this is because the photos that he's
taken today gonna take about four or
five hours to edit each and there's
three different shots so you know
whether whether they're gonna be ready
in time it's going to be a totally
different different story but I'm hoping
that I've just managed to show you guys
the photos and I'm hoping well I pretty
much know that they're going to be
mental absolutely mental these things
this is all for a tech flow video I want
to do about how I send my internet to my
client and then this box well I'm
putting this in the description if you
guys have got Wi-Fi problems in your
house this is what I recommend for
anybody to get pretty much what's
happening here with these radios I'm
gonna put this on top of one of my
neighbor's houses my clients hazards
gonna get internet from me and this one
I've got two clients coming up in the
near future so those are two radios home
before I go ahead and put these on at my
clients roof I am going to do a
dedicated tech flow video on how I sell
my internet is Michael guys I think I'm
about to destroy my bank account and I
literally have no money left right now
because it's Christmas and I'm gonna
destroy my bank account even further
because that's definitely a logical
thing tips right then guys I have gone
ahead and spent a load of money like too
much money right now has been a spent
and now I don't have any money left
because of I just want to do cool videos
and stuff I'll tell you guys what it's
all for afterwards but just just check
out what I bought
guys if you ain't subscribe to my
channel click right here and to watch
yesterday's daily vlog click right here
and guys I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog
ah do
