mr. go Abby has died on the top of my
car brilliant stupid microphone I hate
it so hi Toby I'm gonna take this math
whatever we're gonna go all the way past
the whole enjoyable gaming wasn't too
shabby at all right i'll follow you set
your karma side road get in mind we'll
go to Nando's great around the Gulf
really enjoy playing have you seen there
no reason isn't the car watching me lock
their I else are gonna follow teh we're
gonna take one crunch town go and grab
some food because I am starving series
numbers time mate Paul
my 30 415,000 Oh sweetheart thank you
yeah thank you cerulean thank you very
much that was long as I've ever waited
for Nando's in my life been here about
an hour my mouth is literally burning so
much I usually have the extra extra hot
like this one whenever I come and it's
not that bad but this was bad I've had
like five drinks like still burning
after an absolutely beautiful nando's
I'm a mouse burning babies now in this
car we're getting back to my house but
check out the sunset like they've never
been to show you guys like a peachy
color isn't it yeah look at that and
then if you put the exposure little bit
it's not just going out and seeing stuff
there in its not what they were doing
yeah that was what it was you better go
down download it sorry hope you got me I
necessity yeah I said good morning to
see with you later
are they even know what it feels like
it's just come to the house it's my name
what this is like this is the house of
my name and it's not through the pier
box probably something I've ordered but
I haven't ordered that yeah you did
not have escaped out of this paper do
they know oh my god I know what it is
I'm curb tempt me so much stuff like a
little bit I'm cut i'll literally like I
love my cables so many Mike are you okay
it's all falling over there giving me a
screen protector than my phone a lithium
battery screen protector for Mia's phone
loads of stuff oh my gold anchor ah the
real jeez what is that it's a box it's a
box with a bag off as a bag on it anchor
20 whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo whatever no this is
but sounds interesting me no support for
charging station it's a portable
charging station so as to take you guys
with me tomorrow need to go to the post
office and pick up a load of stuff from
the pier box because I've told the post
office to keep the stuff at the post
office and then once a week I'm gonna go
collect it because as you can see I've
got nowhere else like to keep the stuff
to start piling up on my sofa over there
new guys now I'm an OCD freak and I'm
not having things tidy is like driving
me crazy but I need to sort some of this
out so the only way to do that is just
to just to Matt Stokes right I want to
give a massive shout out to this guy
because he's met me so many times has
met me on omegle is met me at so many
different events and he sent me a sheet
of paper talking about me meeting him
and all the different times and he's put
all the pictures and he sent me a video
a little card to his YouTube channel his
YouTube channel is Matt Stokes he sent
me a picture of me in him in a frame man
dude that's amazing even more photos of
me and him map you're a legend
oh my God look at this this guy's drawn
the DJI inspire on here and also a sony
a7s which is what i use to block what we
what we used to vlog here on the channel
is told me to open this on camera so
another chama vest hey Alex my name is
Alex to that's brilliant that's so cool
you've drawn my m logo dude that's
insane this is wicked to thank you for
the letter I'm gonna put it on the door
but I'm also gonna put on the door the
envelope with the pictured inspire on
your arms when we make that's amazing
thank you whoa he's been on the tape
flow logo and put it in a frame that's
insane don't know my other stuff as well
like all the t-shirt logos and
everything's pretty cool as well do you
want a picture of me you guys are sick
like no there's no I couldn't draw that
no I just like so some of the drawings
you guys do it just insane like that I
can't draw to save my life then you're
13 years old man in his channel is Ben
Jordan Ben Jordan everyone go check him
out dude thank you for the awesome
drawings ma'am another note to go on the
door alright Maria said this she thought
this was an egg so I don't have a clue
what it is but partly it's fragile just
feels like an egg neale donald okay Neil
what have you sent me dude what is there
suitable African legend what absolute
legend that's amazing oh my god guys the
remote thats meant to work for this bulb
changes the what the hell was amazing
actually changes the color of it Neil
dude that is sweet bro thank you very
much totally man that's wicked I'm gonna
take it to the office for sentimental
value and replace it with one of the
Phillips Phillips know the I'll get away
the bulbs that's awesome you guys need
to stop sending me stuff from Amazon
because they just don't deserve it um
but there's another thing from amazon oh
they send a note as well this is what up
there i do like this amazon thing
because you can give things this isn't
awesome move me based on my hometown of
swansea i hope you enjoy the film from
Simon Arnold Simon thank you very much
that two films I've got now two films I
need to watch right okay you guys are
building on my filming knowledge it's
good because the two films that I've had
in the pier box so far I haven't watched
yet so this gives you something to do
when I'm bored thank you very much Simon
for the DVD bro I'm gonna have to put it
in my watch pile to watch it on that on
the telly one day when I'm in bed cool
thank you well guys I'm in the cupboard
as I have to end at least one vlog every
week because when I have people over
this is the only place I can come where
they're not gonna hear me vlog in and
potentially wake them up it's currently
3 o5 a.m. and i'm going to have to clap
there's a lot of you guys know i have a
macbook right now how's that USBC port
on it and it's really really really
goddamn annoying an anchor well this
looks like it says USBC so I'm hoping
it's something that i can use with my
small little map book and I just really
want to open it like their packaging is
just the best are my oh I get what it is
so I can plug this into like the wall
and then I can charge stuff with it this
is amazing this is cool right I'm gonna
end today's blog here mine's malik's you
guys have been awesome stay off and keep
smiling and i'll catch you in the next
one adios
Oh
Oh
