morning guys welcome back to another
video my name is of course Alex and
jetted for the third day in a row this
is that last day of chilling isn't it
yeah last day of chilling we haven't had
any work to do this week because we
pre-recorded tech flow videos and we
want to have a week where it spent some
time together not to think about any
work and just chill out and go and
explore abandoned stuff and this the
last day
it's the last day I'm upset so we don't
know we're doing yet we're gonna go and
pick up your girlfriend meetings what
are the worries I always have its
imagine if you do stun autopilot and the
petrol one when I'm meant to put diesel
in the car I've only got a tenner as
well so I've only put in ten pounds of
fuel in just f3p most of three feet one
time to pamper ezbee
on the hunt for wild jet in the wild
Emily where are they Guardium through
fact the weather is really nice today
like let's go do something we know
that's get do something like an activity
I want to get bowling my bowling is like
what I want to do right now like bowling
seems like the best thing I just haven't
been bowling in years bowling bowling
all right
first time having arrived been in about
ten year I think we should go bowling
buy you a sandwich to laugh in it's a
potato is actually what I was think we
got a card a wrong this review me on
tech flow sit camera take a bite out of
it worst gift class at worst gifts
faster come if you want to organize a
coupon for mars bar family that's sick
worst gifts
check him out also as the gives then
thanks I'm Tom I'm 13 years old
we want you to vlogs new main channel
for seven months now instead of Hurley
cool job drawing the Lego thank you dude
that's a wicked laugh I'm gonna put it I
thought they don't gonna do in that door
fills up there that's the bad I don't
know what's a what happen from Edwin
Russell 2000 it's just putting a dress
on it the power supply oh I mean yeah oh
my god that's sick come on
hi my name is Edwin I'm forcing a live
in the East Midlands I live in the east
myth this is East Midlands isn't it this
is a remote control car collection it's
pretty cool actually you do 3d printing
an RC stuff on your channel dude that's
wicked
I mean you tally on stuff away well I
explain this write this because I didn't
put it in yesterday's vlog and I should
oh so all of you guys I got so many
questions like Alex where'd you get your
wallpapers from for your setups laptops
phones
where'd you get your wallpapers from and
I usually use someone called just did
malar he does some sick designs and you
probably all heard of him you've heard
of him
good of him yeah so we just like animal
illustrations and loads of different
cool stuff and so many people on self
use him but I've recently migrated to
this company called work card anywhere
and they make some sick really sleek
computer backgrounds for your phones so
they reached out to me on Twitter and
said Alex do you want to team up with us
and make some wallpapers for your
friends and subscribers and all of you
guys so we have done and as you can see
I've got them all on my screens right
here there's three of them and they're
all in 4k so you can put them on your
screens I've got them on the work
screens at the office I've also got them
on all of my phones so if you guys wanna
download these awesome ask wallpapers
for your phones and for computers and
stuff I'll put a link just down there
I've been bowling in years
but even though you put your own
emulator smart bar you put your own
aiming down yet you put your name into
my first shot and just got like a strike
to strike
knowledge strikes a bar
seasonally mate you are
I'm a polling that's absolute shake on
it that was so fun the fov mere I
expected to come and just got her every
ball but obviously I just didn't have
this fun man I didn't got a few strikes
a strike away and you know people say it
is the awkward
in public like I'm sort of like coming
to terms with it all now I just really
don't care
why can't now I don't do this I'm not
going I'm never going left's like that
thing stops you shafted there's no way
I'm going to lift blog sections in the
car mates Ocean City quick open that
much I've got nothing yeah let me do
something
I can't believe Mars bar almost killed
my wife Thanks let me know what's going
on with it with the gimbal and stuff you
know interesting yeah definitely change
guys all right
