so Corsair send me this k70 keyboard for
an upcoming project that I'm working
with them on but I can't tell you guys
what it is until the 25th but I'm going
on holiday on the 26th so I'm gonna get
time to show you guys on the 25th so
there's an up-and-coming project and it
involves this keyboard I just thought
I'd let you guys know right that's that
and this arrived as well I'm not sure
what is in here got a knife in my back
pocket just getting some real real quick
and see what it's actually inside of
here without beating stroke but as well
something that is also gonna improve my
my blogging game as they call it right
with god yeah the Sabre Corsair Mouse
that's to go with the keyboard for the
up-and-coming project the project school
but I can't tell you guys what it is yet
for this well there goes my knife so
this is something else cause I stand how
I think I know this is because I asked
them to hook us up for the office I know
Jeff was getting a bit annoyed with a
few things so I've asked them to send me
out some extended mouse mats one for my
desk one for the editing desk and want
to give away so I'm not going to give us
away yeah I'm gonna give it away
after the giveaway yesterday's run out
next month so at least we've got one of
these to give away for you guys that is
really cool you don't want me to clap I
bring them right you're just gonna bring
him there right there it's not magic
right okay okay it's not magic guys it's
not magic
it's about time in it massive is big is
that now I'm at my 16 mil looking a
little bit like wider am i quite far
away from the from the camera is it far
away yeah is it really far away
hold it light here and that's what we
like oh they're cool that's wicked Bev a
mess though we need to go to the office
get some work done
come in finally finally
note to delivery man please don't drop
or stand on it
the parcel can easily get damaged
many thanks yeah they've been arrived
exactly what we need it isn't it the
only thing we need you've still got
olives on my desk
three months mats one bin Jed you can
have one of them for your desk over
there this one's for mine is to give
this one away next month so it's gonna
go up here so this is your standard
house map if you didn't know how it goes
underneath the keyboard and the mouse
together and then you just get one solid
surface as to which you can do all of
your work on well sir thank you for
these awesome extended Mouse maps Jed
did you edit the video on this and you
liked it yeah I enjoyed it you enjoyed
it very much
how much thing and this one is awesome
as well look at him Corsair thank you
give him one away next month sir just
coming out with a little bit of
exploring around town but come to this
car park we're gonna try and go to the
top of the car park and see if we can
dangle our legs off the end
not a big car pile though is it just
going kicked out the car park that's
film yes get permission from NBC to do
filming
met to awesome subscribers in ASDA
snow Tesco disaster the mum stop meme
was like can you have a photo with my
two boys oh of course I can so did that
I was wicked doesn't born bill but we
still want to go explore it don't we
yeah sorry so we found another building
which is a little bit more mental than
the one where you went to visit
yesterday quite literally actually
because it is actually a mental asylum
it is actually a mental asylum but it's
guarded we think by like police and
stuff so yeah it's a bit of a mental
thing really
we've comes this other mental asylum
this is an actual mental asylum but
there's literally a big van down there
with guard dogs in it and it's I mean it
looks cool done it but I don't that
we're gonna have to get inside I just
don't there's any way inside it does
look fairly cool after what on the
perimeter of this building it seems to
be getting more revealing normal house
other side oh there's one place to get
nightmares it's definitely in this house
right here so this is the plan right
we've just been to a place where we
couldn't get regarded by dogs and people
so I've arrived to another place right
which is just over here just here still
it's guarded by dogs and people however
the normal people and we think we can
get in and get past them warning out to
say please dogs loose now if you do hear
that being shouted don't run just stand
still keep your hands down by your side
stand still put your arms down please so
I don't move or the - needs to be there
no hole it's been everything from moon
for stately home to a officers mess to
an old people's home with everyone dice
guy just behind us that guy he had a
massive conversation with him
and he told us that we shouldn't go in
here because apparently there's cameras
everywhere cameras when every turn my
light on where's the light switch
hey so yeah this is it this is nokton
hall and apart there's cameras and we
can't go in
what was he the warden but he's like
he's like the groundskeeper anyway isn't
it and he said keep out but go in pretty
much so yeah delation it literally was a
sound guy there wasn't he like it was
just like if the police dogs come then
just stand still don't move don't run
just embrace the dog go down here was it
about cut ties being slashed or
something missing
apparently the locals the old locals
that are not keen on people like us
trespassing people someone's parked the
car down it's laying on now and they've
said well they've came down they flash
the tires they put a strip all over the
car and then when they can't move the
car cuz they've got slashed tires
they're going for the night they come
back the next morning and their cars
burn out because these crazy people have
come down and burnt in the car and set
it all on fire
shake nice all the stuff like through
here that's all them that's what the
mental hospital in it this is just a
start to a horror film though innit it's
five to nine already dude it's so dark
it's a little bridge oh my God look at
this it's like here here here but we
can't actually get into it this is the
third location today with Quinte it'll
be cool to go inside though innit but I
just don't think we can just take dog
protection like on the arms newspapers
newspapers you've got your army
newspaper this tested out this new
gorilla pod and it is pretty goddamn
cool well I'm just propping it up on
this fence right here you spit mental
asylum and I feel like if I stay here
I'm gonna turn mental myself so let's go
there's a disease ward a disease ward
we're gonna get disease then there's
like crazy diseases let's go I think we
get Rema right back to the first we go
not that we know where we're actually
going or anything but you know I'm
actually coming here like at night I
haven't loaded of alcohol getting really
intoxicated and then just pretending
there's a Slenderman following you I
literally have no idea where we go
like if you look without light it's
fairly dark so we have two options to go
this way or this way we came from that
way so let's get this way sick okay this
looks a bit weird actually it was fine
this is I knew I knew it was getting too
dark I knew it was getting too dark it
looks so much lighter than it is on the
camera lens it'll light on yours
oh it's so much darker the camera is
trying to compensate for the lack the
lack of light and if we're just trying
to got it so dark clava see won't going
over turn the light on I can kind of see
but it's like dark
ah this is what I can see and then this
is what my a7s can see to return the
light on look and turn up the ISO a bit
there you go you can kind of see we're
just walking down this really long
tunnel I just really don't like this all
much like I feel like this is the road
mate that was weird in there that when
it has supposed Gary coming out
exploring on a Friday was like really
cool idea what we didn't say with a box
of stuff this is the office made a video
cut my exploring I did myself but
that was sister day's been really fun
isn't it it's actually been really
really really fun I've had a great time
so this is what we're planning on
actually going in but obviously there's
cameras surrounding it so it haven't
been in throw a bit in a forest and it's
been really dark and scary yeah my
beautiful car so we've had good from the
two men get to minimal asylums been
visited today you couldn't get to the
first one coming into the second one
now it's actually in the car on the way
back from the second place that me and
Jed went to visit and I will stop there
thinking to myself and I was just
thinking like I'm starting a car inches
off the tarmac at the bottom of the road
it was raining I was dry I was traveling
70 odd miles an hour down the
carriageway centimeters off the road of
the bottom of the road sat in a
comfortable chair with a safety harness
on and I was just thinking like she says
but the fact that I can record this you
guys can see me this is a virtual I I've
got a microphone you guys can hear me
I'm coming out your computer speakers
this is on the internet that anyone can
watch at any time just insane and again
everyone takes it for granted
well I've got a watch on my wrist which
is showing my current text messages like
what's next what is next and the main
thing to take into account is this is
life enjoy it while you're here and the
thing is everything around you is made
by humans that at one point we're no
smarter than you my husband Alex you
guys been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll capturing the next one
hopefully you guys are alright adios
without we're getting a difficult oh oh
stop this I've got my some cool stuff by
the way good getting phone calls all
over
