he's a guy about to go up to my roof and
adjust the dish for our internet our
house and I need him on the phone term
now and I need to tell him when it's
going up the ladder I need to tell him
when these dots get really small and
this number goes down right so that's
not my intro I'm not doing a vlog today
I'm not ready I need to prepare myself
and then I'll start vlogging engage in
battle ordained or not we are we're
gonna go do some cool stuff I've got
some cool stuff too I've got like some
cool stuff to give away to go away get
getting phone calls all over his vlog so
yeah I've got an iPad pro to giveaway
today
and stuff from Corsair to open and an
abandoned building to explore sounds
like an all right video did it so that
company called V post that I was talking
about like last week that company that
sends parcels same-day delivery on the
train to the train station they came to
me and Alex thanks for the shout out bro
that was insane
we want to do another shout out but we
wanted the second can you can you give
away an iPad pro if we buy it for you so
we're giving away an iPad pro and also a
load of my t-shirts so there's going to
be links in the description all you got
to do is go to the gleam page and if you
want to enter the chance to win an iPad
pro global giveaway then I'll put the
link of the scripture for you guys just
trying to give back so Internet is all
sorted out of now that light is an
Internet here which is sick I've been
like working on that all day as well as
playing a bit of League and also Jed
arrived and I got some packages from
Corsair you know the computer company
Corsair but there's one of them I can't
show you because I'm not allowed to show
you until the 25th because law goes to
be fair we've got some really cool plans
let's get we need to wait for it to get
dark though which are more
scared anyway I have literally like a
delivery scared planning to take lights
camera action people into an abandoned
building the one we went to but do it at
night and actually go inside with
ordered some masks so we can do this
because it had asbestos warnings and we
didn't want to mess around with the
asbestos so you ready yeah let's go only
the essentials milk twirl bites bagels
Nesquik and chocolate buttons sharing
anyway sigh we need to go meet again
need to go right we're gonna take one
card to make things simple you guys get
in the back army you bought the gas
masks and then another gas mask were
they called masks so last time me and
Jen visited this place it said there was
asbestos and those of us bestop's
warnings so we're prepared
we've brought ourselves some mast well
Jordan brought them for us there's 10 in
here there's four of us you're going in
May I'm not you are you're coming in May
I've got to sit in the car and check
that everything is like outside yeah
there's been a big girl go to next year
he doesn't want to die is oh my god holy
we're going in we're going in we're
actually doing it and we're going to do
it it's pitch-black outside the time is
currently half past 10 and we're gonna
do it
I'm literally out now you know we love
it we're gonna do it I'm gonna do it and
they don't want it
Jordan's doing it don't now we're gonna
put the masks on what map I think we
paid for that crap wait he paid 9 Quinn
for those Merce you paid 9 quid yeah
look wait Matt we need mass it sucks
best stuff we don't wanna die even
though probably gonna get stabbed up
anyway that's would you look at my up
would you just look at it I think I
think we'll be alright you know look at
that
oh my god oh we got it in there's still
this lights on there we go so 25 minutes
25 minutes if we're not back in 25
minutes Eliot I'm gonna grab off no you
not got a massive mag light I've got a
massive mag light torch and Jays got my
other torch let me take a selfie
oh we look fierce I can't believe we're
doing this laughs can't believe it just
can't believe it Alex don't dick oh my
god this is where we going inside so if
you didn't know this is the building me
and Jed came to like two weeks ago we
came in here two weeks ago in the
daytime and it was so scary we thought
we're gonna come back at night and
actually go inside with these masks on
and see what's inside
how did we get in before she has
traveled down so she was been feel like
we didn't leave this like this no we did
not leave that like that did we
I was not out before this place is so
creepy getting like oh my god oh my god
I'm walking around there's any one way
in
there's huge like the building is
absolutely massive sighs this is just a
front porch bit really big palace the
worst part is I have no service and
we're outside
we're not even inside yet these guys
just keep fucking about and anyone
that's going forward no this wasn't here
before there's an entrance to the actual
building
a lot of this was open two weeks ago
when we came here now it's just a hole -
like none of this was here you go this
way or this way oh my god well that's
what I thought that's going to be asking
what this place actually was it wasn't a
school a Muslim school I don't even know
I don't really want to know what's the
last thing you heard something behind us
yeah you shitting me
no guys keep your last north on oh my
god look at the door what the hell oh my
god
much I told you no Sean I told you no
yo is any1 russian imagine slender a
name out there take over take his I
think that left and right
although she shot myself
Oh virtually shot myself oh my oh my
flatmate I'm not oh there's a bed in
there she's a dead
that's the doorway in look at that
graffiti you reckon we can get out down
there battling back there I want to go
that way but like something's just to
give me about that I've done and I feel
I just feel like obviously I would say
my welcome you feel like you've
overstayed your welcome like you feel
like you need to go though like just oh
then what else being left ovary I
actually am why we're going we're going
oh I had one to always lead why am i
always leaving with the marzipan what
always leading what was that what was
that what you notice favor yeah both of
you
I came from uber no stop talking about I
I'm honest and in there I did that one
with you earlier I was joke but not
getting out there ma no man how do we
get out we have to get back in to get
out let's just go let's go let's just go
so we just went in this building over
here how that was scary
like two weeks ago in the daytime we
went back at night Ali why we didn't die
bro we didn't die were half an hour
oh it seemed like 10 minutes I need to
know no that's it just cheap this case
thank you get it have you found it
that's when you dude I'll see you soon
yeah it's in a bit mum and him catch you
soon my friend my name I put on the line
but bagels have being made in
celebration that was not dying
most guys I'm gonna end today's video
here you've enjoyed a lot racing would
be awesome Meyers bikes you guys have
been awesome stay awesome keep smiling
I'll catch you in the next one
adios
Oh
