camera check yesterday's video loading
sharing look at this torrential weather
drop Maria back off from my house back
to hers I mean Toby we're gonna go we're
gonna go play game of golf we've got to
go and play game of golf got the golf
clubs in the back I get a text from Toby
saying now I mean we're not doing it
it's raining and you know what he's not
bloody wrong look look at this the
weather is just vile might be is like
three o'clock swear to God english
whether it's the worst thing ever
there we go I've done a few things that
I needed to get done but there were
those things that you didn't really need
to do but there needed to be done and
you just always delayed them I've done a
few of those things this morning so as
you can see my desk looks a bit more
like a desk right now and that's because
it's actually level I've bought some
back feet for the for the back of the
desk as you can see there's a foot there
and a foot there but not the right color
as the front feet but at least now my
desk has back feet and it looks level
because all of you guys are saying Alex
your desk isn't level you've made it
yourself and it's a shambles yeah no
I'll fix that now there we go also these
monitors here the curved monitors from
LG actually have a built-in USB 3.0 up
on the back of them so i put a USB 3
cable that goes down to the computer
that enables the hub to work so now i
can plug this USB 3 switching from
anchor this lovely little desktop USB
4-port switch this USB 3 is now plugged
into the back of the monitor and then
this plugs into the computer cool that's
that done you know what i really am not
asking i'm really not happy like really
not happy so gold got rained off today
but i was really looking forward to
going and doing playing some golf with
toby and making a fun video obviously
because of the stupid English weather
has been raining up so that's really
annoyed me secondly I woke up this
morning to a load of beeping going off
in my room like a load of beep in like
this Bose Soundlink mini was doing his
beep as if it was being put like I heard
that it was doing that I did about five
times so I'm assuming that we had a
power cut because it's going be Bing
Bing Bing so we had about four power
cuts in the space of five minutes this
morning and now Burt it doesn't work
this 100 and 200 and some up whatever
pan report last week is now shafted and
doesn't work anymore got the receipt I'm
taking it back I'm so annoyed like
Samson my refund on bed
so seeing this today has been a day
where we've been getting a lot of stuff
done need to clear out this and I know
clearing out is technically doing stuff
and it's something that needs to be done
but I need to clean it out to get
something else done if that makes sense
something that I've been saying I'm
gonna do for a while and I've just been
to lay in it so let's just just do it
cool as that is wicked look at that guys
can you see how cool this is what do you
guys think look at that any improvements
let me know so that's that done I know
that we've recently been wanting to make
this room a lot more just like better in
ways that it wasn't better if that makes
sense so we've finally done that now the
drone has its own place in there and
it's not taking up spots down there next
to my bed but as a thing we've taken the
rest of this chair we've put USB things
over there and crew sending me a whole
load more USB things so there that's
cool I might give some stuff away but
what to talk to you guys about something
I'm going away on business next Thursday
but there's no need to worry at all I'm
still gonna be carrying on uploading
videos it's just I'm traveling to spain
on thursday next thursday and i watch
way to let you guys know I'm going on
business I'm gonna be going on a boat
which is really cool this guy wants a
video of his boat and he wants me to
come and fly my drone around his boat
and he's flying me out to Spain for all
of this so that's really cool i'm going
away on business it's my first ever like
paid business out of this country trip
so that should be really fun i'm gonna
be vlogging every day of it so hopefully
we should have some vlog boat sunny nice
weather spain blog yeah more stuff
arrived from the pier box this morning
but one of them really intrigued me
right in this because on here it says
open in blog please drone battery so no
way I think the drone is probably broke
a massive thank you to Riley hello mate
here I have a spare drain battery
for your new drone although it is not
charged the drone is not broken right
Riley I plugged into the charger dude
okay well we're here we'll open some
more this one says fan art and it says
please open in vlog fan mail inside so
nommy no I'm just opened this from
George it sent me a picture of myself
and asked me to sign it so I'm going to
sign out signed it George I'm gonna send
that back to you my friends small parcel
a well we'll see what is inside the
small parcel it's cuz and sweets i love
sweets Joe dude thank you for the sweet
appreciate it man no way just know where
Sam Sam thank you for the umbrella app I
need to snapchat this where's my phone
guys I've just been open in Pierre box
stuff as you can see it's like packages
and stuff all over my desk yes big going
pretty well actually if you want to add
me hi you want to add me on snapchat
it's marci snaps now wait a minute line
all serious i just want to interrupt a
second like all this stuff i send me and
all the just like everything so forever
since I've like started this like if you
supported me like to video comment on a
video sent me something in the p.o box
said something on twitter follow me on
twitter follow me on instagram lies in
its rough Oh anything you've done this
interactive with me thank you from the
bottom of my heart like I know I
exaggerated with all this and I'm
like saying like thank you and stuff but
like this like what I really care like
really care and all of this like to say
that you guys sending me these notes
sending me sweets sending me funny stuff
like it literally makes my life Olivia
all like all and I hope you're all like
in good health and everyone smiling and
happy and I'll come to you guys tomorrow
with some like I want to talk to you
guys about some stuff from just a life
advice because I know you guys like that
I've been thinking about some stuff
recently I've got some cool stuff to
tell you guys so and yes it slips you
like I'm on a Wii Fit doing the
tightrope of thing oh my god this is a
big one this is a big one I'm scared
this is it right I'm gonna try the video
myself doing it big massive one holy
right ready just go so let's go for
