good morning guys how we are doing my
name is of course Alex and my cold is
not really any better than it was
yesterday I feel better but I don't
sound any better but trust me myself I
feel fine all of this is arrived from
the Pierre box this morning I mean like
Jesus what is this and this one
intrigued me it says don't rip-roaring
so this looks really cool I'm just to
pray some things and put some things in
this bag I've actually ordered some
things for the office so I've sat there
and squad and gone through all of this
tried to order the things that I think
are actually me buying things for the
office and things for the actual peer
box but for now I need to head off to
the office let's go and we're here only
a quick stop at the office today though
because all I have to do is drop off
some clips on the editing PC because the
tech flow editor is coming in to do some
work today so got the clips need to get
them on that PC Maria and I are actually
going to go over today so in my pocket I
have the moment case for my iPhone with
a 16 millimeter lens on it so hopefully
I can get some cool shots while with
climbing trees I don't know I just
arrived at this forest thing Sherwood
Forest Go Ape is in like five minutes
and apparently you have to do like an
induction course and stuff wait a minute
look at this this is making me laugh
there's people over there on the segways
you need to go on a Segway attach your
carabiner and then just go just throwing
it just just laying it down
it slips you like I'm on a Wii Fit doing
the tightrope thing oh my god this is a
big one this is a big one I'm scared
this is it right I'm going to try the
video myself doing it big massive one
hole right let's go so let's go for it
okay that's pretty smooth actually I'm
in a tree going through a net oh my God
look how high up I am yeah that's the
hard bit don't give up on me
don't let your dreams be memes this
on his legs this this one looks a bit
like easier than laughs that's to be
fair this guy looks like
where is coming down now wait slow
motion slow motion you are doing good I
think what about the car crosshair is
the perfect slow-motion opportunity
the events that come back here what are
you doing over there
slow motion down here already three two
so this was the last this was the last
karabiner thing here comes here comes
Berea wait you can't zoom on the front
camera oh no oh yeah this is the end we
did it so I'm back from going it earlier
than I expected
there's a few things needs to out with
this office obviously I'm gonna be
filming in here a lot and as you can
hear there's echo and I'm not sure how
I'm gonna sort it I was thinking maybe
put a carpet on the floor that might
help but I'm thinking it's more to do
with the roof I want to see what I hold
it because they went on eBay and ordered
a load of stuff for the office a load of
cables a load of memory cards like a 500
terabyte terabyte 500 gigabyte Samsung
SSD to Eddie on when I'm going away or
client work and so yeah I've started a
load of stuff I don't know what's here
and what isn't this is a 64 gigabyte
Lexar card for this camera so this right
I saw this on eBay and I was like I need
to get myself one of these this is
really cool pretty much what this is is
it goes on your keyring right and you
can get the micro USB but obviously I
got a lightning one because I have
iPhones it goes on your onion on your
key and it's a lightning cable so if
ever you're in an emergency and you know
you need a lightning cable boom ah this
is what I needed this is for the editing
desk right and it is a USB cable to USB
card reader USB 3 cable and white voice
with this card reader
I want to mount it on the
the side of the desk like here or
something like that
however I'm gonna leave this cable just
here though I don't have time to do it
now because I've got a nip to a quick
meeting finished up the meeting various
Jen's just figured out that installed a
small bulb on its debt
eliminate so this is becoming now a bit
more of an issue than I once thought out
the rubbish is sort of a bin that's a
girl reader it's all installed looking
sick cool that it's past five o'clock
even though we don't work 9:00 to 5:00
but you know Elsie Thursday right I've
just got home from the office been to a
massive long meeting today and it's
taken everything out of me but go ape
was so fun this is all what has arrived
in the peer box today you know what I'm
going to be honest this is probably the
biggest day I think I've had of stuff
come I thought it was gonna come down
but it hasn't which is insane so we've
got some opening to do put it that way
but it's almost 8 p.m. I'm gonna go
spend the rest of the day with Maria had
a sick day today going absolutely
crashed my back in I think Maria took a
video of me on her phone I try and get
it off her phone for you guys and put it
in now that counts as before yeah so
that happened but yes that's been it for
today's vlog Maya's been elect you guys
have been awesome stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll catch you in the next
one adios
