the Pierre box keeps getting bigger and
I keep trying to empty it but it keeps
getting bigger
awesome awesome awesome I managed to
sort out the LEDs in the IKEA lumps so
now my desk has got to al Gatto Eva's in
it and the editing desk has got a
cheaper board which we looked at in
yesterday's vlog and I've got them all
on exactly the same color so it's all
pretty uniform up in here
I had this delivered today and I'm not
100% sure what it is it says fragile and
yeah Haley's birthday is going great
thanks for expressing an interest in
this piece I'm delighted to be able to
send it to you our pieces are fitting
addition to your office I am an artist
in Campton that makes everything for
people whoa oh my god oh my god oh my
god that that look at that look at this
thing look at this thing
whoa whoa whoa whoa on the back are two
fixings so it's all ready to mount all
you have to do is put two screws in the
wall also I usually make these to be
kitted out with LEDs which look great
shining through the design so it's
actually see-through like this is like a
oh my god that is so cool
there's a yellow line on the back as a
guide it is for the LED LEDs oh wow so
that's where you really put the LEDs BR
okay okay okay okay and this is gonna
gain a lot of recognition for this
company because this oh my god oh my god
it's absolutely insane it says Mars bar
on it out of bloody wood oh my god you
guys wanna check them out this is the
company that's done this go ahead
screenshot drop em an email or ever wow
wow wow wow okay this right this is
insane right
it's brilliant and I absolutely love it
I need to figure out where I'm gonna put
it but I want to talk about something
right something really quickly I'm
something that I think it's been on the
mind and I just think I just want to
talked about you guys with you guys and
get get your opinions on it now if that
thing is appreciation now now I'm a firm
believer in if you don't appreciate what
you have it will disappear you won't
have it anymore and that's with people
right
generally obviously like an item like
like a freaking computer mouse if you
don't appreciate it it's not gonna walk
off I'm talking about like people here
if you have a friend that's done
something nice for you is said something
nice to you has given you some advice
has made you something
appreciate that make sure they know that
you appreciate that
so this Claire thank you very much I
really really really appreciate it it's
absolutely brilliant and
figure out where I'm gonna put it it's
gonna be in this office somewhere just
not sure where quite yet but thank you
very much
and if you sense that there's someone in
your life that isn't appreciating you if
you've done something for someone and
you don't think they appreciate it
don't go ahead and just block them out
of your life give them a second chance
do some more things for them prove
yourself a point do some more things for
them guide your way to do some more
things for this person and if they show
more on appreciation that don't say
thank you they're just really Mardy if
you've done something nice for them and
they just really mellow and they just
don't really generally act like they
care then in my opinion they shouldn't
be in your life so I was browsing
through Facebook last night and I came
across a post that looked very familiar
and the recent familiar is just because
it was a post and the post was a picture
of this setup right and it was posted to
a Facebook page and someone had thought
what do you think of this set up which
I'm absolutely fine with I saw that the
post had like a hundred and ninety of
likes and about forty five comments or I
wonder what people are commenting about
I wonder if there's any nice stuff or
you know people are giving me any
creative criticism so I went onto the
post and it was like pretty good loads
of people oh yeah it's pretty nice
pretty simple if you want a simple set
up it's a pretty nice Celebi ID ID ID ID
owner came across one comment and said
Alex did a crap job at the cable
management or something needed like a
half-hearted job at the cable management
I'll show you guys what it was the
comment read out I'm not a fan the cable
routing he set up behind the desk looked
very average and that that isn't
creative criticism at all that's just
someone being a dick if he were to have
followed on and said the cable
management was very average I recommend
you do this this and this instead he
just said I don't like it the cable
management was crap and I spent a long
time on this what I spent like a long
time on this this is my creation and if
summer months to like say it's average
and the worst part is what's average
about the cable management on this desk
you can't see any cables I mean the only
reason you can see this black one here
is because it's not long enough and I've
already ordered along the cave
I'm just come out for a little bit of a
walk someone shining and I thought it's
it's the evening let's not let the Sun
go to waste and I'm trying to get some
fresh air trying to wean this cold out
of my body as you can see I can't really
speak properly but I just like to come
out for a walk just to think about like
the past few days what's happened
reflect upon the actions and the things
that have gone on try and see if I can
learn anything from it to see if
anything good or bad can come out of it
and if anything bad can I learn from
those situations and not make those
things happen again and I've come to the
conclusion that not much has really
happened it's been pretty good which is
good hasn't been awesome and it hasn't
been crap it's been good so yesterday I
opened a few peer box letters and one a
letter said hi Alex I love the drone
please could you end some of your vlogs
with some drone footage we've got the
sunset let's do this
you
