Oh guys I am literally hanging out my
bathroom window and now I'm inside
no no search this guy's I am hanging
like I the thing is why I always say to
people no no whenever I drink I don't
get hungover and I'm absolutely fine but
not not yesterday night I had like three
copper bugs literally that was it and
that I didn't feel I wasn't drunk like I
wasn't obviously had three copper bugs
that's not enough to make anyone drunk
really just woke up this morning with a
massive headache I'm not a massive
drinker I don't like to get drunk but as
I say I had three copper Berg's woke up
this morning at Clara's with a massive
headache no I think part of that is down
to me constantly every hour being pushed
out of the bed however I'm here and I'm
vlogging and something really really
really cool has happened and it put a
massive smile on my face when I arrived
home please note this is not actually
what happened this is a recreation of
what happened but I'll try my best to
explain it in its full potential this is
me driving back from Clara's house after
I have just dropped off Maria and
parking up on my drive this is me
exiting my car about to go inside open
the door and make a coffee and finish up
editing yesterday's vlog upon arriving
to my front door I noticed a black thing
on the doormat so I looked down and it's
the drone the drone that we lost two
days ago the drone I thought we would
never get back on my face was just
puzzled and then walked inside edited
yesterday's vlog and now I'm here doing
this voiceover hey guys yeah well it
still seems to be in one piece I mean
the propellers are broken take these off
they have white all over them I'm not
even sure what but it is it bird who
every single propeller was broken and it
doesn't have a battery in it the battery
must have fallen out
not to mention shout-out to whoever bore
it back but one of my neighbors is a
real G I think I might have a spare
battery for this connector
oh no wait not gonna snap back on oh it
does okay
oh I thought I had another battery for
it but I don't it's a different type of
battery it don't give you any spare
propellers what's the point in that I
mean here's the thing right apart from
it having white stuff all over it I
think if we were to get some new blades
another battery I think it I think it
would work I mean it's still in perfect
condition other than the white stuff
which I can't decide whether it's bird
poo or whatever it whatever is it's
there and now it's all over my bloody
extended mouse ma but we're going back
Wow
Kumu mate what's that oh that's the air
posted it on Charlie sent me yeah you're
proud of the peer box right
it's cool in it you're proud of me
you're proud of me that means a lot
yeah guys a full load of your things on
the door there still are loads more like
all of this like these letters here is
open to you and a person tonight
oh wait say hey Toby hey Toby cool bro
we got some stuff from the peer box
Toby's really intrigued to see what you
guys are sending me so we're gonna open
some stuff here you just want to watch
really first you like wonder don't rip
mate so someone's put don't rip mate on
here so just rip it down right we've got
a cool note all right sucking up to my
door right let's read it out okay
shakily hey Alex - Myles bar I can't
thank you enough for helping me every
single day you're so inspirational next
year
I'm starting my GCSEs and your videos
are just so helpful I've been doing
YouTube for two-and-a-half months now
and have 86 absque Rai but I do keep
going man that's sick
my name is you eat that pound block Erin
vlogs one question what did you take for
your GCSEs weird graphics together so
Matt yeah we met in graphic graphics was
fun yeah we've got I've got an A in
graphics you've gotten a year and then I
did ICT and drama and then obviously
maths English and science then I've been
commenting and tweeting you and you
haven't replied or did already sorry
about that man I've tried to be on to it
all the time my Twitter's out Mars bar
gaming so if any of you have any
questions try to tweet me and I'll be
I'll be online so if you could tweet me
but honestly at my date yeah dude I will
try my best and I Love You Man it's from
Aaron and he's 13 years old and his
Twitter's put his Twitter and his
YouTube there you go if you guys want to
go follow him and make his 86
subscribers a triple digit number and
there you go I typed the rest on an old
typewriter
sorry about the dodgy printer I'm doing
it on a typewriter that's sick so this
guy said herelet's my name is Cameron
and I live in bigger Scotland and I love
your videos and I watched that and I
find them very inspiring and the
motivate me to go out
do something useful you have made my day
a whole lot more enjoyable well that's
good man I hope your company keeps
growing and that oh yeah your printer
did mess up here did I see why I moved
to the typewriter um have you a company
keeps growing but you have good luck
with your new social media platform dude
I appreciate them and thank you I'll
keep you guys informed about that by the
way keep doing what you do for as long
as you enjoy it
Thank You Cameron he's put all his stuff
there and he's actually done it on a
typewriter Cameron thank you dude you're
adding to my door of awesomeness and
trying to put all the stuff that you
guys are doing on the thought we leave
the puzzle to lash away and do that oh
this is a handwritten letter oh my god
it's a big one whoa I'm just writing you
this letter to let you know how much of
an inspiration you are to made Wow
you've made me focus on my goals and
this week in my exams when I've waited
you just give up I thought thought of
you and what you have achieved and I
just gave it a go so thank you very much
also to let you know that I have watched
your blog since day one and the thing
for they're very much interesting she do
a drone shot to finish up everybody off
because I love the drone from your
inspiration I've started a YouTube
channel of my own which is called the
player with an A I don't know why I
chose the name started cool I guess with
emoji
that's my thing if you would subscribe
then that would be very much appreciated
and I would get absolutely mental so I
guess that's all I have to say for now
but I will be sending many gifts and
letters to your Pierre box also I'd love
to meet you all of the people who meet
you I'm so jealous off because I would
love to meet you in person thank you for
being such an inspiration to me and many
others Alex keep up the YouTube thing
because you are brilliant
thanks Alex you're sincerely Jack but
the emotions are real the emotions are
real with that one Jack dude thank you
well honestly like I just don't know you
just don't know what to say there's Nick
she's just like what I'm just like man
this is why I'm putting these up on my
door so I can see them every morning
when I wake up like this is why I've got
that while making this collage thing of
what you guys send me hey Alex you know
one of the people inspired me to vlog
thanks I use his movies inspiration for
my filmmaking hope it helps you to also
maybe could I get some feedback on my
channel it will mean a lot roads blogs I
did I'll have to check your channel up
man
I'm intrigued to see what film you've
sent me dude this looks really cool man
yeah what film is it have you watched it
not discard it Scott Scott is our good
film guys I need to watch it then have
to watch it my computer because that's
anything I've got with the disk drive my
computer's have a disk drive
I was used on yeah I put in the Xbox and
watch it oh dude but see thank you for
the for the DVD dude I really appreciate
I don't have to watch that hope it's got
some good shots in it yeah it looks
really cool man wicked just come into my
cupboard because I've realized that I
haven't recorded an ending to this blog
and Tabor's just gone to bed
so I need to be quiet so guys I hope
you've enjoyed today's video
- Ben Alex you guys have been awesome
stay awesome keep smiling and I'll see
you in the next one adios
