I said it before and I'll say it again
life moves pretty fast it's not about
personality matrixels and charts it's
all about the b-bumps in your heart
check this out look I bought myself some
new toothpaste right and you think oh
yeah just just some night just a nice
toothpaste and then you take the cap off
it's black good morning guys how y'all
doing my name is of course Alex I'm one
of three flocks I swear I've just
started it as I've been walking out my
house currently on my way round to
Maria's house there's been a bit of a
complication today really so we're all
meant to be chillin round clothes
tonight
there was meant to be Clara obviously at
her house then another girl called Emily
and then me and then Maria but Maria's
not to look after so a dog or servitude
like babysitting a dog so she can't come
to Clara's tonight which is a real shame
so I'm gonna go round see Maria before I
go to Clara's but there's also been
another massive problem as to recording
a bit of the ultimate office yesterday
won't the main majority of it and in the
video I ordered an LED bulb of Amazon to
complete my desk and a wire to end
episode 4 with completing my desk but it
have the bulb hasn't arrived yet it says
it's out for delivery but obviously I've
just they don't know where it is
how's that Maria checking out that cute
ass dog and while I was there you guys
saw it and then yeah I answered the
doorbell of all the guy rang the
doorbell and no one was in my house and
cuz I was I was out on my raise so I
answered it on my iPhone and I was like
yo dude leave it behind the plant pot
bro and he was like yo bro
so yeah that's a thing now I can now we
know that this actually has a purpose
and I can access Amazon parcels while
I'm out the house which is sick
and it's going to open these two parcels
over on the part 4 of the ultimate
office a load more stuff arrived in the
peer box as you guys can see in front of
the event with like one hand here wait a
minute boom there we go yellow must've
arrived which is insane it's quite
cloudy today it's quite it's quite sunny
but it's quite cloudy and very windy so
it is quite cold
yeah the peer box is piling up like mad
guys like absolute madness and then we
have to open some some more things at
the end of this blog just to like try
and keep it a level so yeah I'm just on
my way around now to the office gonna
finish up recording part 4 of the
ultimate office install this card reader
and this little lamp thing and then once
I've done that I'll catch you guys back
up on the vlog oh my god so there we go
there we go
episode 4 has been completed oh really
because yeah Jesus
we are messing around with this slider
demon pronto slider it's absolutely
gorgeous I wish I had a motor I though
it's a juice ready to go and it goes we
gets the perfect slide every time but I
thought I'd try and mix up a little bit
and include the slider in in in part 4
so yeah I finally finished it my voice
really hurts for talking so much the
last two days right there we go and he's
going to turn off all of the lights but
first I want to chat about this thing if
I open up the app on my phone here right
check this out right how cool is this
you can choose any coolie one out of
this wheel you can have it on disco you
can chain it to the what is this seeking
have it like natural colors as well my
actual natural colors you can do natural
beige you can do grey do beige you can
do green fades this thing is really cool
and it was so cheap connects via
bluetooth to your phone and it's like a
smart ball but like the elgato eva over
there upset it's much brighter and much
cheaper I'll drop a link to it in the
description if you guys want a small
hole other this is pretty cool I think
it's pretty goddamn cool I'm home now
and open some more stuff from the Pierre
box
just because later my voice hurts so
much so much for cheese ravioli the best
thing on this planet
whoa okay I bought up a few items from
the Pierre box I'm gonna open these two
little little little cards first this
one says please P let's open on camera
that's exactly what I'm going to do
there's so much more stuff that says I'm
going to try and open them stay by de
bit by bit
oh wow this is cool here we go can't get
it out okay oh wow it's a oh okay Jesus
whoa
what do we her was it down the back Mars
bar all the way and he's right mean
awesome message dude I need to read this
and put it up on my door we have another
little letter with a cool little cool
little thing on it there we go look at
that ah I can't read you guys see the
time to write me letters it's Teddy
Lawson this guy right this is how much I
know all of you guys not all of my
subscribers right Teddy bosses put his
Twitter out there right tweet me all the
time he tweets me that much right I paid
that much attention to his tweets he
tweets me all the time that I remember
his name but he's been here he's a
longtime subscriber as Teddy thank you
of the mad dude gonna read it put it up
on on my door man that's awesome Thank
You teddy every day around 6 p.m. I turn
on my phone and go straight to your
channel is his site and when I see new
videos been up lady when I'm at school I
always know that you'll be out vlogging
and I just can't wait to get home and
watch you again I haven't known you for
that long however you've inspired me so
much every single one of your videos
supposed to smile on my face I love
watching your setup videos especially
because they are truly inspired me to
create my own sense of I love you might
as well enjoy your ginger pokey
from Ethan Palmer whoa I don't even know
what this is and I don't even I don't
know if it's broken in the post but it
smells very gingery dude this is sick
what's a ginger pokey I guess I'll find
out won't I
it's strange and I don't know whoa okay
everything's falling out okay it's got a
load of stuff in it
whoa okay well dude you found me through
me getting robbed that's awesome dude
I'm gonna pull these letters up on my
dog what is this no way
is a little wind of torch oh wow look at
these these stickers or something
stickers a foot I know who will like
these
I sent me some headphones food you send
me headphones so I go out DJ me these
bad boys look at this oh wow definitely
just smash my monitor with it well
someone sent me these and you eye
football don't you so I thought you
might want these
yeah cool they cool
well you've made him happy Jacob
absolutely loves football so as the Sun
sets it's actually turning out to be a
fairly nice day already to the day much
rather ring doorbell you're here oh my
friend currently on my way back round to
Maria's house and then I'm going to
Cloris and we're gonna have a barbecue
wouldn't have liked marshmallows and
loads of stuff and cool stuffs like that
because you know what when you've got
gorgeous weather like this why I let it
go to waste
good start this morning off with a
fairly quick jus sessions I've got a lot
of stuff I need to do today
oh there we go
gym session is all finished para shower
