gonna start this morning off with a
fairly quick Jim sessions I've got a lot
to do today
there we go Jim session is all finished
panel shower I'm ready for today and I
mentioned you guys just before wet in
the gym we've got a lot of stuff to do
today and factually that was a little
bit of a lie we don't really have many
things to do today we've got a few
things to do today
but there's few things that we are doing
today are gonna consume a lot of time
and that is today I'm recording part 4
part 4 of the ultimate office but before
I go ahead and do that I just want to
say a massive thank you to you guys like
a massive set a massive massive massive
thank you to you guys because of you
guys I now own a royal mail box and you
know why I own this box I went this
morning to the Pierre box enter by the
off chance that I might have a few
letters from you guys in the PIO box
yeah they have to give me the box to
take it all back because all of this
like you guys have sent me stuff from
Amazon stuff from Amazon massive big
parcels big parcels big parcels loads of
loads of letters all of these look at
all these letters and letters and
letters and letters and you guys have
written my name on it and stuff more
letters even bigger letters some big
letters this week this one even says do
not bend on it and then there's a big
box here but no guys seriously I didn't
expect anything like this I didn't
expect it at all so thank you to every
single person that sent me something or
if you send them you some no thank you
anyway but like the general support I
just like I think about it all the time
and it's just wow you know I mean like
guys like the connection that like I
feel we have on the channels that I love
to like interact with you guys and talk
to you guys on Twitter in their comments
and stuff and really read what you guys
are saying and stuff
and this has just brought back to a
whole new level of connection and that's
the reason why I do this is to connect
with people and inspire people then make
sure people are alright and at the same
time have a fun time doing it and I
think that's like the main goal with it
like that is like wow you know I mean so
we're gonna open all this stuff I need
to figure out you guys need to help me I
don't know whether to do the weekly P o
box video on this vlog channel so we sit
there in the video and unbox all of this
which means there isn't really a vlog
for that day but that also means the
plus side to that but if my day isn't
that interesting then there's a peer box
video and I can sit there - a peer box
video and I don't have to vlog on that
certain day so it gives me like one day
a week where I don't have to vlog but we
can open up peer box stuff and I'll do
it I'm like the least interesting day of
the week
oh we carry on our 7 vlogs a week on
this channel and do one video on the
main channel on Mars part of opening the
peer boxes and do it once a week on that
channel so you guys let me know what you
think will be the best thing to do in
the comments section down below but for
now I need to go to curries and need to
put this memory card in this camera and
switch to recording the ultimate office
I'll catch you guys well I'll do some
behind the scenes stuff obviously so
I'll see you in some behind-the-scenes
I'm just at the spa let's get some
petrol because I've got six miles left
in the tank
this is behind-the-scenes this counts is
behind the scenes doesn't it so I've
arrived at cruising PCWorld and home
base over there which is the two shops
are like to visit to get inspiration
before I go to do an episode of the
ultimate office because you go into
codes BC world and you may see something
that sparks an idea you're going to home
base you may see something that sparks
an idea so I like to go to these two
places and like just try to get like not
ideas but try and spark inspiration just
realized I haven't even started the
intro yet for the ultimate office so I
need to do that now let's do it on top
of the car so just arrived at the office
with this massive bit of cable trunking
and a few of the bits of all from home
base but I came in here there's a
package on my desk so let's open it I'm
nice we've got a t-shirt we got another
t-shirt and we've got okay that hoodie
looks dope well if you guys will check
them out I drop a link in the
description it slicked lips clothing
that is a cool design I like I like that
that's cool
here you go look here's our
behind-the-scenes look at like the mess
that happens like whilst Wellstone
recording wow this is what happens in
the background of the main video I'm not
gonna show you guys the desk because you
guys need to go and watch the main video
so this vlog should be up at 6 p.m.
tonight well tomorrow night and the
ultimate office should be an hour later
so 7 p.m. so if this video has been up
an hour go and watch the other video if
it hasn't then watch this and then watch
it when the other one goes live if that
makes sense
another issue I'm facing though is that
this HDMI lead here isn't long enough to
reach the computer it's just a little
bit too short so I'm going to go and buy
an HDMI coupler all the way back here
I'm gonna get mental on this you know
mental the best
where are they
$7.99 for a coupla are you having a
laugh or nah so we finish up with a
massive box of rubbish just a massive
box
well this over here is the finished
editing debt we're not finish like if we
put the lights on there's going to be an
LED bulb installed in here but I really
do like the light that that gives off
anyway we've got the devices on charge
over here
I really like the charging indicator you
see how this light goes up and then
fades off how cool is that but this
little switch here there's one of these
on either desk so both of the desks they
want to mine and one on one of the
editing desks so what you do is you turn
these on and it will do things like turn
on turn on the LEDs which is super super
super wicked turn on the LEDs like
behind the TV and stuff just with this
one remote which is really cool should
turn on the LEDs up there as well there
you go
how cool is that so that is that I've
ordered some more stuff on Amazon
hopefully it should arrive tomorrow and
so we can come back to the office and
finish off part 4 of the ultimate office
thing is all about with yours my office
series I'm not going to say it's gonna
end
simply because I wanted to carry on
doing it and doing it and doing it and
doing it making this place better and
like capturing it on video this is what
I want to do at the end of the day
really I'm so naked I've just got back
home I'm gonna open some stuff from the
Pierre box but first of all voice chat
to you guys about some things a friend
of mine is setting off a brand new
company and I think it's rude thing is
it really applies with the stuff today
because in the ultimate office today
right I went to Korea by a Philips sorry
an elgato Eva bald but yet again they
didn't have one so I've ordered one on
Amazon I did it this morning and I
didn't Amazon Prime so it's coming
tomorrow right but my one of my friends
are setting up a new company they sent
me the whole list of it here it's called
it's called V post right and it is
literally if we can pull this off it's
no sorry it's not even next day it's
same day
delivery same-day delivery so we said
here it uses like railway like trains
railway routes to deliver you of goods
to a pin protected locker at train
stations so like if you order something
on my Amazon or awesome thing it goes on
a train to your local train station
where you walk the train station I Drive
to the train station put the pin in and
then open the locker and you pick your
thing up like the same day so that is
that and you said that there needs some
votes or some things I've put I'll put a
link in the description if you guys want
to go and vote for them and check out a
bit more about it then I think the same
day delivery like you or something on
Amazon or something or whatever you
wherever you order it from and it's
there same day but I might if I have
that right right now I could have
finished part two of the office but
obviously no I'm gonna have to wait for
the delivery tomorrow then go back to
the office and then finish it yeah just
let you guys know so I am absolutely
naked now since I've been doing all of
this stuff in the office or recording
part four it's currently ten o'clock I'm
gonna edit the first part of part four
go back in the morning record the second
part part four and then edit that onto
the end of the first part so I need to
edit the first part tonight and it's
already 10 o'clock so I don't know gonna
get it finished by but I thought just to
pay homage to you guys and just like to
say a massive thank you I'll open the
biggest box and the first package I got
through the peer box so we'll open well
open the first package I have it this is
the first thing I saw the first thing
that ever arrived and he's put Mars
Media limited P o box and then the P R
box number and then ng 24 if you guys
want to send anything there it is
but you said don't rip open by the top
carefully but it sounds very broken so I
don't know if if the postal people like
even care about what listeners don't
think they care about people's like post
so I'm trying to open it from the top
carefully dude and I don't want to break
it and we'll see what is so cool right
okay we've got a letter and we got oh
wow
oh oh
oh I know what he wants me to do let me
read this headaches my name is Louie and
I live in the northwest of England in a
country called Cumbria
I've been subscribed to your channel
five I've been subscribed to all three
of your channels for over six months now
and you have become one of my favorite
youtubers I started my own channel but
stopped because of the hate I got why
people so mean like why are people so
hot right why do people have to be
horrible to people like what I wasn't
what's nice about that in this package
you'll find an iPhone case I'll be over
the moon if you could sign it with the
sharpie and return it with the money
enclosed I knew it was for that and
there it was for that well my work phone
has worn your case I'm gonna sign it
dude there we go I've signed his iPhone
case I'm gonna get a little I'm sure
I've got a little package somewhere and
he's even sent me money so I can send it
back guys you need to do things like
that I'll send it back to you guys
there's no problem there you go dude
I've signed your iPhone case thank you
for the lovely letter I've just read the
rest of it and it says always keep doing
what you love and never change for
anyone love you man from Louie aged 14
Louie dude me Jesus just touches my
heart man right
honestly why you oh you guys you guys I
love you why are you guys buying me
stuff man this is insane so this is a
gift from a girl called Alice and she
said I wanted to get you something Alex
but I had no idea what I hope you liked
what I chose from Alex kiss Alice Wow
Alice this is so nice than rut Amazon
wrapped it and everything what my
screams have come off this it's really
good
Wow look at that you put your bones oh
okay maybe you need to insert the things
first before you go and put your phone
in it weighs it over but you put your
Apple watch charger in there and then
you charge your phone there
this is cool
well Alice thank you very much for the
present that is insane and thank you for
the letter and I've signed your case
dude I'm gonna send it back to you so
you should receive that very shortly Wow
the first two things that open from my
peer box and are literally guys it's
just insane my shits insane well I think
but I can't stop thinking about it you
guys are incredible thank you so much
right I mean after in today's vlog here
I've got a butt ton of editing to do -
vanilluxe you guys been awesome stay
awesome keep smiling
and I'll see you in the next one say I
love you
