puffing box jumps and my new favorite
thing good morning guys how are you all
doing
my name is of course Alex I'm out of
breath
you guys are awesome have you bought
your mates yet no link in the
description get much support a youtuber
in need I don't even know it's just it's
just good merch that I've worked hard on
it I'd like to see people you know
thanks if you have ports and by the way
link in the description mines arriving
tomorrow I've got any parcels and things
if you give away items that I need to
take into the post office that's my
first job this Monday morning Maria
drop-top and this well this is a few
keyboard and mice I've given away to you
guys recently people accuse me doing
fake giveaways no to the post office the
people behind me in the queue get really
annoyed because I'm here for a good ten
minutes ended all this off thank you
very much
sorry guys
I think I rode into the office I need
one thing for this and that is one of
these a tripod I'm filming an interview
today guys with I don't really know
about it all I've been told by my
clients is they want two cameras with
two angles they want some good audio as
to which I need to sort out - and there
we go - value just like that audio
tripods cameras let's make some clients
happy this is actually a really easy one
for me because once it's set open and
filming I just leave it going and to
make it even easier I've told them that
we're gonna do it in my office
downstairs in the lobby it's actually
really nice down there so bit of client
work to kick off Monday morning and oh a
parcel
sweet eyes that we are all finished now
this is our electric stapler which we
modified to have under it
Hey there we go no this still you guys
in a little bit I own unlike electrics
cables for long reasons is there really
practical and like I really like riding
them I used to ride normal skateboards
when I was younger at my skate parks and
stuff and these well these are awesome
pieces at RIT as you can see I've got
one there one down and this one goes
I've got a whole wall full of these
things there's a few key differences
from board to board and one of those
differences for me makes all the
difference and that is this you see how
the booster board flexes when you jump
on it and this one doesn't only one
reason why I like the flats feature and
it's probably because I live in England
and it's probably because I live in
England that the roads are really
horrible they've got stones all over
them so core long story short you get a
board with flex you don't feel as many
vibrations but without the flex you feel
the entire Road in England that's not
what you want sleep well you should have
however started to ship me out there
brand new board which it does flex and
it's a very nice board but they also
said to me that what's in this box will
help me make this board just a little
bit better a little bit better on the
English Rose
slip evolution maxi board my one gripe I
had with you are you fixed with the new
wheels now the true test for this will
be trying to go through the center of
town on it that's the true test here we
go oh hey you know what
so bigger wheels little bit slower lot
better performance that board it's like
a 4x4 so you got the boost did then
you've got the little mini slick wear of
this thing is awesome and then we've got
a 4x4 that is wicked we have a problem a
big problem okay guys so the other day I
did a vlog saying that I needed to show
you something
and what did I show you well I showed
you my dirty garage and where I put all
of my text now the reason I was ashamed
is because we made that garage into
something awesome we made it into an
ultimate gaming den and it really was
awesome we had red cones in there from a
fan that I appropriately named the red
curtain ninja we had a full HD projector
system we had a 5.1 surround sound
hooked up to a Playstation 4 and Xbox
one and then we also have some GT Omega
chairs at GT Omega racing sim and a
Logitech said 901 steering wheel set
honestly in there it was mint now I told
you guys that I wanted to resurrect that
room sometime in the near future
you know do it all do it all again
whether it be in that garage or the
garage at my new house is a different
story but huh something bad has happened
so you guys know that a couple of months
ago we had two offices in this office
building we have this one in here and my
one through there and I then got kicked
out over this office but in there it's
still some of my belongings including
the projector screen that was on the
wall one of the guards go in and get it
well
somebody else has moved in I totally
forgot about it and I've now locked and
they lock the door and I totally forgot
about all my other stuff that was in
there
and I don't know what they've done with
it or where they would have put it like
I had stuff in there this is a problem
like it it's locked
and I'm in this office a lot and I I
never seem to see them anywhere I don't
know who they are you guys there we go
but my main computer back downstairs
looked absolutely wicked from well up
there so my plan guys win at the room up
there is to contact a couple companies
try and get a load of parts together to
build a brand new PC and livestream me
building a brand new PC probably with my
brother for some sort of Christmas
livestream thing but for now office work
and doing it today I'm starving I need
some mistake
more things to give away to you guys I
do a lot of private giveaways on my
social medias like my snapchat and
Instagram and Twitter and different
things like that I don't just do them on
this on this channel so more stuff to
send away tomorrow to you guys Merry
Christmas
Sweden guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog here I need to find out a
way to get into the office I'm not 100%
sure how I'm gonna hum and do that I've
actually never seen the people that are
owned that room next door and that
stuff's in there and anyway guys if
you've enjoyed today's video I like
rating would be guys absolutely awesome
if you're not subscribe to my channel
guys my daily vlogging Channel this one
right here be sure to click Subscribe
and really I'm hoping guys that my merch
comes tomorrow so I can start wrapping
the videos I literally cannot wait guys
before now mine is been Alex you guys
have been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog guys adios
