massive good morning to you all how are
you all doing my name is of course Alex
and welcome back to another vlog it's
actually not that warm in here thought
it was gonna be boiling I can actually
function and breathe inside this car on
this hot almost summers day well well
well well well oh thank you
Oh mate that looks dry that mate
a little bit look thanks a lot to me is
rap on his phone do you guys want to
check out any of my custom rap sees
these are natural ones but I've got some
custom ones or just links in the
description it's all in your heart
so it's so windy up in near the docks it
if you can hear me but yours has gone
ahead and waxed my car this time it's
absolutely squeaky clean you gotta make
it squeak no man
okay listen to the squeak on it
it was squeaking earlier but you can see
it's absolutely well clean so jobs mate
thank you I mean rim clean it is just
like a new car is Joe has had to go on
the ninebot and now says he wants a swag
ways fully sold to be fair like you have
this and this you wanna swap me yeah you
could swap me it's gonna say I take that
swap any day so we're gonna see if the
Nspire one can track us round a
fifteen-minute called bike journey with
the GPS lock so I'm not gonna be flying
it I'm just gonna be riding on the back
of the quad bike well Jordan is driving
I said it before and I'll say it again
life moves pretty fast it's not about
personality matrixels and charts it's
all about the b-bumps in your heart
Jake you're wrong I can't
so many jobs have just been sat here
we've literally just been sat here just
chatting about my PA box and then wild
rune appears the hell would Ledger's
been site here on the grass chat in MA
it's gonna be Elias it's gonna be right
what Elliot the mystery drone is just
watching us just there what is it doing
I said it before and I'll say it again
life moves pretty fast bikes are just so
fun I want
it's insane mate it's actually so fun is
he still here guys we found the we found
the stalker we found the culprit here
sat in his car George thanks Peter my
car dude let me ride your quad again cuz
it's sick and you rap shame you're a
queer give them a rap we've linked him
out with a rap
and there's Elliot the mystery drone man
we found him alright guys I'm off for
cinema yeah hello Devon's little snooze
yeah buddy
is this just for me then yeah because
you know which I hate this son bye MA
this red light on my speakers is exactly
what I want to see now these speakers
that I use on my desk are called the
Edifier lunar eclipse and there's some
sexy-ass looking speakers but there's
one major drawback that I've found with
them so far and that is that well they
have bluetooth and you probably think
nights how is that a drawback and it's
the way that these guys actually manage
the Bluetooth so if you connect a
bluetooth device to these speakers you
can't play the auxilary in it
automatically default to the Bluetooth
device if it's connected and the thing
is you can't turn the Bluetooth off it's
always on and broadcasting it's
bluetooth so you guys know my building
is in a massive office with a load of
other offices in it and someone else in
this office in the daytime connects that
will when they turn their computer on
their computer connects to my speaker's
rendering them totally useless for my
computer because it connects bluetooth
to someone else's computer or someone
else's device and the thing is I know
it's a computer that connects to them
because it makes the windows sound near
the gling every five minutes when
someone does something wrong on their
computer my speakers go ding and I can
see because the light on them turns blue
instead of red and that means someone's
connected by a bluetooth and need to go
on a mission and find out so whoever it
is clearly isn't connected right now
because it's red what I'm gonna go and
do is to all the offices that are
unlocked and hopefully you know the
offices that are unlocked is one of
their computers but it go turn on all
their computers and see which one makes
it go blue see which computer connects
to these goddamn speakers so I know who
the culprit is
aha yes I know what computer yeah and
they never turn off their computer which
I just have done hey what is that
problem sorted it was driving me insane
I get it
it turns out my Manfrotto a handheld
machine grippy thing as brokens and i'm
having to hold my camera with just just
didn't break it it wasn't my fault I
swear to God I forgot I don't record a
blog clip without my fucking watch going
ding it's a little desk ready for
tomorrow so I'm gonna record that Judge
nap about that though because he's a
designer and oh yeah I mean imagine if
that was just the desk just the computer
screen hey guys they did yeah buh-bye
yeah it's night time 22 8 24 23 23 it's
half alone Oh guys I've just arrived
home I'm gonna end today's vlog here I
bother you guys are ok and everyone's
doing fine
yes
exciting
big
