afternoon guys how are we are doing my
name is of course Alex and I've just
dropped Maria back home and I'm
currently right now uploading
yesterday's vlog on 4G because my
internet sucks
but I'm actually doing something really
exciting this evening and it's a big
part of like me because you know what I
absolutely love animals most
specifically cats and if you guys been
paying attention like I'm Instagram and
stuff you'll know that like in the last
of two months my cat Merlin actually
passed away which really upset me quite
deeply because I absolutely loved him he
died of old age he was like 18 19 years
old so he was he was really over talking
to the best to get put down which really
is it nice but this afternoon we're
going to look at some new kittens and I
really want to show you guys it because
I really like cats and animals and stuff
and I don't know I just think it's
really really really nice
Junior I can't
near the moon just a moment mom of the
lilacs right hello
right guys I'm gonna try this again
because I've read the instruction manual
now and I think I know what I'm doing so
let's give it a go
okay works it definitely works that
wasn't scary at all
okay now that I managed to get this
thing to work let's take it outside and
see what we can do
whoa this little aeroplane can actually
do roles in midair where we'll actually
roll over but it says somewhere here the
rolling mode is more suitable for
experienced pilots I don't know what I'm
doing with this little thing yet I have
no no clue whatsoever however it is
really fun can you guys even see it up
there oh my god it's going nowhere it's
going
yeah just fell out the sky it just fell
out the sky it just literally fell out
the sky and landed in a tree over here
but it's in someone else's garden and I
don't think I'm getting this back
literally the motors just cut out on me
they just cut straight this like what
like ding just cut straight out on me I
literally have no luck with these drone
things other than my inspire like my I
can only fly my inspire it landed in
this tree here I just heard it smash
into this tree there's no way I'm
getting it back you know what from now
on I think I'm just gonna stick with the
inspire but I'm not I'm just not gonna
experiment with other types of drones
obviously it's just not good like oh my
god been sat here for about 45 minutes
reading the bloody instruction manual
what a waste of time so there's so much
fun I was like it's so much fun and then
this one mmm that is it it smash into a
tree
what the hell I'm only good with the
inspire I've had two drones wait a
minute I've got send this drone and the
first day I got it I lost it
I've then found it again and then it's
this is still cool I still got it but I
still lost it this is cool right this is
cool I was playing with it for probably
fifteen minutes and then I'm not even
that I think about seven to eight
minutes and then it just went boom and
landed in a tree in the neighbor's
garden and I don't know if I didn't
charge the battery properly or if I
didn't do so I'm sure I did everything
right I need to buy another one of these
because it was fun while I was playing
with it and I was really enjoying it and
I wish I caught my face when it dropped
because it was like cool everything is
starting to sort itself out we've just
got the two cats right reserved them
there's a tech flow video going up
tomorrow I've flown this drone and I've
broken it what else is going down we've
opened up the peer box which is
absolutely awesome I'm gonna add that to
the default description so it's in the
description of all my videos from now on
we've taken all the stuff out of this
cupboard and taking it round to the
office and everything is becoming a
little more uniform which is exactly
what I like the only thing that's not
annoying me or the thing that sorry
there is annoying me at the moment is
that Royal Mail were meant to send me a
little card but I meant to go to pick up
my peer box things with but I haven't
had that card yet so I'm not sure how
I'm gonna go about going to collect the
peer box stuff because you need this
card and haven't sent me it so I'm gonna
give them a ring tomorrow and sort that
out but other than that everything is
fine except from except from this
oh so much nicer
we're talking chocolate cake we're
talking chocolate milk we're talking
bagel bacon bagel mess don't know it's
called that last one but this is exactly
what I need right now so as you can see
it's a fairly simple recipe you guys can
follow along at home if you'd like it's
just a slice of cake from the cake
counter over the side we've got some
bacon and a bagel and well we actually
ran out of Nesquik instead of Nesquik I
have to use something else so we're
using Cadbury's drinking chocolate for
our chocolate there I'm so happy
guys that is gonna be it for today's
vlog I can't believe I'm finally chosen
some cats that's wicked
that is so cool guys I can't wait to
show you guys than when they finally
arrived they're gonna be so much bigger
than when like they just are and I said
that's in the last vlog as well but I
keep getting tweets about it and I just
want to address it again just in case
you guys missed like I know a lot of you
got exams at the moment and stuff and I
love you stressing over it and stuff and
the worst thing you can do in these
times is like stress or you can do right
now is like try your best and literally
honestly it'll be over if you're over
sooner than you think and the thing is
if you don't put the work in now you'll
kick yourself up the ass when you finish
and you'll know because you'll know you
haven't put the work in so please guys
for my sake put the work in try your
best and I'll see you in the next video
adios
