thick that is everything around you that
you call life was made up by people that
were no smarter Don up to leave it on
very light charging
good morning guys how are you all doing
my name is alex it is whatever horrible
but this is a nice oh what's going on I
don't like it right let's get this
sorted out right so they're going to
send me the information over the next
few days a few days days what is gonna
say a few hours I've just giving them a
massive Bala king and I've said I need
it like today and they said right okay
we'll send you the email by the end of
the day so hopefully hopefully there
will and if they don't I'm literally
gonna raise the roof okay okay okay news
just in guys are you ready for this
watch go away right now right guys are
we listening I'm so happy this is it
this is it finally after all these
months I've got it on my screen right
I'm gonna write it out above my head so
the first line of the pierre box is Mars
space media space limited ltd the second
line of the pier box is p.o space box 10
5 30 and then underneath that newark
that's n e wa r k and then below that is
the postcode of the pier box ng24 9n are
there you go it's on the screen
screenshot it do what you want i'm going
to put it in the description of all my
videos from now on there we go sick that
is awesome my peer box is all set up we
can now open parcels and stuff even
though this isn't a parcel this is just
some clothes that i ordered but we have
a p.o box we have a pierre box
what is this Oh presents okay whoa this
is cool I don't even know what it is
okay so we've got an uncharted 4 is it a
ring oh they're cufflinks uncharted 4
cufflinks holy moly why is this hope you
like our brand new Nathan Drake MOJ in
celebration of vijaya to fall out today
head to Twitter to check it out now huh
I got a copy of and charted for bubble
head whoa oh my god oh my god this is
cool oh I haven't eaten anything all day
oh whoa it's a book is it like a diary
like a proper thick leather diary oh my
days oh my days well I've never played
uncharted before so now I assume I'm
gonna have to play uncharted thanks for
the stuff uncharted how do my windows
open yesterday because the weather was
gorgeous but find him us are closing the
mall today
it what you want yeah yeah so it's all
rendering out fine yeah most likely huh
I think I might know what this is and I
think you guys might like it if you like
clothes the dirt a bit of dirt the third
okay these are nice I like it I like it
a lot I like it a lot I this one oh look
how sick that is guys if you want to
head over to their website the people
that made this hopefully it's focusing
and I think they've done us guys on the
channel these guys I mean think this
 sick I love it yeah they've done is
like a twenty percent off coat just for
like the marzipan so if you guys wants
when you've sent off I think it's marz
use club code Mars and you got twenty
percent off at checkout I'll put it the
description and stuffs we've got
ourselves a brand new coffee machine
over here and I've just made myself a
little expresso thing look at this
little thing it's really cute isn't it
right I'm going to finish this up and
then I'm going to pick up Maria because
we are going for a meal in town tonight
so I'm gonna wrap this thing up here
management Alex you guys been awesome
stay awesome keep smiling and i'll see
you in my next video a DFS
