you know I'm gonna say don't you know
i'm gonna say it's weathers insane so
hey Toby hey Toby haha the thing is
there dude it's gonna be boiling in this
car like literally roasting my steering
wheel is Jesus hits Susan boiling hot
man who serves pc monitor broke so he's
boring oh nice oh she's gonna buy it but
I'm he's not any money at the moment so
I'm just gonna give it to him so a nice
friend like that so it's just Nick
enough weird computer monitor is gonna
go home and play league and watch game
thrones by toby is a sidecar John
session why don't we do video video idea
what yeah yeah yeahs quest video
requests okay as a company called e.e
here in the UK and they are a service
provider and a phone service provider
like let's say for example verizon if
you're in America and I've just had the
most banter with this woman she was so
funny you know what we'll go to Sunday
dinner I'll take a Sunday and it will
take some pictures of the food and
attempted to the temp to send it to each
other later on and it won't go through
goddess leisure the funniest phone call
I think I've had in a while yeah you can
see how exciting my life is the reason
my hair's like this is because my
hairdressers downstairs and he's to go
and get my haircut okay so it turns out
my hairdresser is downstairs but it
doesn't want to do my hair he wants to
do my brother's head so his hair is
currently being cut right now which I
thought I'd take the time now well I've
got it talk to you guys about how fast
rated I am at the p.o box now you guys
been asking me to get a peer boxer for
ages and I've constantly said to you
guys yeah of course we're gonna get with
it we're gonna get it set up and let's
do it and I said to you guys it's gonna
go live on the 9th now the 9th is today
and my peer box yeah it's live I have a
p.o box right see you guys on Alex
what's the problem well here's the
problem right
you guys need an address now I've got an
email open on my screen on my computer
I'll try and show you guys it right I'm
going to have to try and zoom in here
because it has like information on here
but it says I have made arrangements for
the service to start on the 9th of may
2016 please find attached to your p.o
box details but the only things attached
to the email are the pier box manda date
and the p.o box terms and conditions
they sent me this email today to start
the pier box off but they haven't told
me the address royal mail you're
freaking awesome the thing is now
they're closed so I can't bring them I'm
gonna have to ring them tomorrow so
tomorrow we're going to find out what
this goddamn addresses to cut from the
bullshit and I'll tell you guys it some
tomorrow right now let's get this hair
trimmed off because it's just weighing
me down I called trim mate that's
brilliant you did my hair next dude yes
yeah yeah it's brilliant made him out
there on the floor I'm sort of symbolize
what's going down it's not done yet but
it's a lot shorter feel it feels a lot
lighter so that's a plus hey guys so
ring sent me oh wait sorry yeah I'm a
haircut let me know what you think and
don't take the piss because I know what
you guys are like you'll be really mean
and I kind of don't like so I'm very
very very very very excited today
because in last night's vlog we unboxed
at like half past three in the morning
this ring video doorbell and this ring
chime thing and you know what i sent
ring an email and I was like can you
send me out your video doorbell because
I really want one by a just seems really
cool and the center's it out the tech
fly so I'm going to do a review for this
thing on tech flow but I do want to go
out and set it up now on on the vlog
while we've still got some light because
I'm so eager to test this thing out and
see if it is actually any good and so
many of you been asking about the drones
this thing that run at 250 this evening
I'm gonna read the instruction manual
for this because I just can't for the
life of me get this goddamn thing too
look man so here we go I'm sat outside
I'm so pumped for this because this is
so cool at this is 21st century
technology this is a doorbell with a
video camera in it and I'm absolutely
obsessed with cameras as I'm sure many
of you guys are so I'm hoping that this
if I get it set up right is gonna be
really interesting it's a wireless
doorbell that connects to your home
network your home Wi-Fi and it but if I
can get out the box and check this out
I've managed to get in the box you press
it how cool is that look at this thing
so it's now trying to connect to my home
Wi-Fi network obviously it is an
internet connection to use the camera
and send it to my phone hey
congratulations we were successful well
this is wicked so I've managed to
hardwire it into like our actual alarm
bell thing it's taken me an hour look
how dark it is now hot outside so if i
press the button right on here let me
turn the flashlight off on my phone
it'll actually ring the doorbell in the
house as well don't forget to hear it
ready there you go it's gonna do that
and then wait for it on my phone oh it's
going on watch as you can see it looks
someone is at your front door SWAT
across put my password in and then
hopefully it should load up the video
there we go how sick is that you see the
doorbell it's see what I'm saying that's
insane
this room at nighttime is like my little
dungeon best word to describe it really
i just kind of like it i like it dark
but i like it colorful i'm gonna sit
here for the rest of the night and read
the instruction manual or that drone
because i don't know how to operate it
but let's cut to the chase i usually
like to have a chat with you guys about
every sort of two weeks cuz we get up to
so much stuff on this vlog channel like
yesterday we're out riding quad bags i'm
flying drones will be shooting weddings
the vlogs recently have been non-stop
and like i do like to sit here and have
a chat with you guys make sure all you
guys like are okay and all feeling good
and all in positive helping in positive
health and if not then we can try and
change that so obviously i've been told
recently a lot of you guys been tweeting
me in st. Alex but exams coming up I
don't know what to do I'm really
struggling I'm really struggling I'm
really struggling and what anyone will
tell you right is the words that they
all say is all you can do is try your
best which as much as I hated those
words when someone said them to me about
when i was doing exams it is
one-hundred-percent truth all you can do
is your best and i used to say to myself
like well if i do my best and it's like
not good enough for how do you know that
you're doing your best the thing is with
example if you really want to do well if
we don't do it well in exams like have
the drive of the motivation to go at it
have the motivation to sit there every
night because literally in a few weeks
time or whatever you have your exact to
the exam it's over right so by the time
you've got now to the exam just work
your tits off right sorry for swearing i
just want to get my point across and and
as soon as it's over then you will
literally feel so good like that's the
thing knowing coming out an exam knowing
that you put your all into it is the
most rewarding thing i did it with a few
exams not with all of them the thing is
when you come out have an exam and you
know that you haven't done all you can
do for that exam then you feel a bit
like rubbish but honestly if you give it
your everything and come out the example
and yes
nailed it I gave that because you'll
know you know I mean you'll know if
you're doing your best then it honestly
it feels so good and it's worth a
feeling of them doing and knowing that
you've got examined and like worked your
absolute best like you've really feel it
honestly where it really does feel good
so that's for you guys doing exams I
hope everyone else is alright and if
you're not then make sure you hit me up
on Twitter so we can have a chat but on
Twitter all day but obviously I'm
working really hard at the moment with
the guys trying to sell this new social
media platform and you guys are going to
be the first on this platform you're
going to be the first people you guys
you can divide the test subjects to go
on this brand new social media platform
which is soon hopefully gonna be wicked
I've been told I've only been on the
team for the last six months but from
what I've seen it's really really cool
that I've been working on a few bits and
it's going to be cool so guys stay tuned
for that pier box coming tomorrow my
husband Alex you guys been awesome
hopefully you enjoyed that ring doorbell
so I was pretty cool I really think it's
cool and i'll see you in my next video
adios
Oh
