good afternoon guys this is the hottest
day by far that we've had here in
England which is great because I've got
to go to a meeting now sick my ashes
commercials and fear sorry best
gradually frame it how you need to frame
it okay yeah hey guys it's a big now
something work on our Mars bar for last
one so close to the crazy cutie we've
got a Framus that you are and you are
now yeah part of the process we just
well there we go that meeting was over
it's about a mile away from my house I
thought I'd just you know walk then it's
just such a gorgeous day pretty much the
meetings about a new company that I'm
starting off with this other guy it's a
new social media platform and hopefully
it's gonna be awesome
I'll introduce it to you guys very
shortly which one of one - oh the
biggest one hope the weather stays like
this it's so nice isn't it
today has been slightly non-stop it's
Sunday I've got can i vlog without
getting a notification please I go up at
10 a.m. this morning which is pretty
good for a Sunday and then realize they
were on my phone and I realized that my
phone had decided to delete all of my
camera roll so I had to sort that out I
don't know what happened iCloud sucks so
that took me a good hour to sort out
because I have some good memorable
memories on my phone and I needed to
sort and get my photos back so it's
something about an hour's thought out
then I did some emails then I did some
transfers then I had a meeting in my
village with the guy that I'm starting
up this new social media with more on
that soon then I have lunch then I
installed a washing line and then edited
a vlog and now I'm here I really want to
check out this runner 250 because it
does just look really cool and I don't
know if it comes with everything in the
box
I don't even know what it is I think
it's some sort of fpv drone like
literally you fly it to fpv with it look
it has two lights on the front and I
think you meant to attach
attach a camera to it although it has a
camera built-in ah transmitting cable
whatever these things are and some tiny
little propellers and whatever this
thing is let's try and install these
propellers now warning the receiver
antenna has to be straightened before
flight to lengthen the communit our that
is cool look at that and then you put
the battery in here and velcro it down
this really isn't a good idea it doesn't
work I think I'm gonna have to read the
instructions I know what I'm gonna do
and we'll wait for the battery to charge
up because maybe it's a battery that's
too low and in the meantime Jordan says
he wants to see me get the windows down
guys I'm so happy today is such a nice
day and I want all of you guys to listen
to this song I'm about to show you
don't say today my friend boom
so come all the way to the dyno just to
get a milkshake Rosie hey mate
things I didn't feel I like dude I six
look at that I go boom
hey don't make thanks Eliot from a
milkshake your legend
big up okay diner you've got the shades
on Jordan new shades read the shades on
errors the rain be very bearish a borrow
a tenner a got the cheap not cover a
berries Jordan go let's go
it's so windy I'm following Jordan on
the ninebot he's on his club bike we're
gonna go ride that thing okay so it
turns out he's quite a bit faster than
me
hi Jordan can't catch of the 9 bar oh I
thought I'd bite off a bit more than I
could chew coming down here but
obviously not the nine bodies handling
this really well well I forgot to
mention I've got shorts on it's summer
ish he's really warm today like 25
degrees what is my hair doing right just
a fun night
right drag race time three two one
a few moments later
I forgot that
so guys Toby's here say hi Toby and this
company right I'll show you guys them
they've sent me some more so I've sent
me some cool stuff it's just just down
there look at this the mess the
devastation on the desk this is the
product of a six hour long session I've
had Domino's I've had Ben and Jerry's
and played a lot of League and I'm so
goddamn tired but ah and this is the
ring shine this thing looks awesome so
it's a doorbell that connects to your
home Wi-Fi I think anyway this is really
cool really cool we're gonna have to go
outside and set this thing up tomorrow I
forgot this was arriving I forgot ring
said they were gonna send it out this is
really cool stuff I can't wait to test
it so now I can do is when I'm getting
the order for the Domino's and the
dominoes guys outside I came like yo
dude ring the doorbell and I should be
able to see him I got a picture of him
on my phone it's a doorbell with a
camera in it right so guys that's been
my Sunday I do hope you have enjoyed my
resume Alex you guys have being awesome
and I'll see you in - I'm gonna get
specs my throat is croaking adios
