good morning guys welcome back to
another vlog all of you guys are alright
and everyone is okay today is the big
day today's the day where I'm shooting
the wedding video now I want to show you
guys through some of the equipment I'm
gonna be taking we've got the inspire
one just there I've got this bag
absolutely jam-packed full of equipment
in here I've got the inspire controller
I've actually got an atomist Shogun for
recording 4k from the a7 s which I'm
currently holding in my hand I've also
got that my propellers for the other
props for the inspire one in this little
pouch here we open this up I've got a 28
millimeter full frame lens I've got the
inspires camera I've got one inspired
battery I've got three batteries for the
atomists and three batteries for the a7
s here is another inspired battery I
need to put this in here as well there
we go that is all of that wrapped up out
the way out here I've actually got right
down there the DJI Ronin now if you guys
know what the DJI Ronin is it's one of
the coolest things I've ever seen in my
life make sure you go and watch
yesterday's vlog if you don't know what
the Ronin is because it is
right this is an all-day wedding shoot
so got some whispers I've got a monopoly
God banana let's go see that just at the
top of the hill I think I'm going to
show you guys there's a castle at the
top of this hill just up there that's
where the waiting is that's where I'm
heading I think I'm gonna get on the 9
button speed up here with the Ronin in
my hand
check out this drone shot I just got of
the castle and going over this field is
fairly insane
it's about a massive bit of a dilemma
really I can't get the rhone into work
I've been out here trying to get the
road into work for the last sort of 45
minutes to an hour and it just won't
work it just won't work I've been on the
ninebot and I've had the drone in my
hand using the drones gimbal as sort of
like a Ronin and I've been going like up
here and around these paths all the way
up to the top absolutely gorgeous so now
I'm really disappointed about the Ronin
that we can't get it to work because I
was really looking forward to using it
and actually testing that thing out and
see they for it to get one for myself
managed to save up for one but about
temperamental man like it's a bit of a
letdown right I'm gonna go down now to
the marque and get some shots of the
marque so I am shooting a wedding today
guys I have actual work peasant
I've actual work to do I have actual
work to do so I do need to do that it's
just like my job guys filming weddings
and stuff I think it's brilliant I
really really really enjoy it I don't
even if I'm going the right way I've
been driving and driving for about five
minutes now still I'm still going so
I've just come over this bridge over
here there's this nice lake here all
surrounded by the trees but the lake
most over here is where the reception
and the after party and everything's
gonna be there there's that and then
over this side there's just a load of
fields I'm gonna try to take off the
drone again
so guys we've had a little bit of a
dilemma I've been on like some sort of
old-fashioned shuttle bus filming the
people the people at the wedding going
down to the actual reception the thing
that happens after they get married so
I've just Alan Alan certain footage now
this is what I've just been on and that
bus after everyone got off it it brought
me back up here to my car as to hitch I
was sat on the bus they went over a
massive bump and my glasses flew off my
head and out the back open door so
nineteen Sagat a rescue mission to try
and find my glasses but I seem to think
I was somewhere on this road when they
fell off my head so I need to look out
for them and try not run them over oh
god there's been cars coming down here I
reckon someone's squished them they were
like my favorite glasses as well
where's the gun my god guys can you see
this thing that's just right there my
glasses glasses you're not yet but I was
going to finish our filming this goddamn
wedding god I've got some good shots so
far oh look at me
there is the wedding venue just over
there you guys can hardly see this it's
currently half past ten court to 11:00
at night midnight at midnight at night
and I gotta get in my car because it you
know if you guys can see me now you can
see me I'm absolutely shattered it's
been non-stop all day I can't wait to
get home and start vlogging this looks
speeding around beaver castle is one of
the funnest things I think I've ever
done like look at these little roads
whoa oh my god
sick this gorilla pop I have is legit
never buy gorilla pods just they're just
rubbish I'm literally so tired I got up
at 8:00 this morning it's now midnight I
haven't stopped working all day I've
just driven back half an hour from the
wedding venue I've unpacked everything
that I took with me I've still got the
Ronan and the and the Phantom not
Phantom it's and they inspire one in the
car so I need to get those out in the
morning Manfrotto sent me a gift so wait
a minute this might be the solution to
all of my problems I think this is the
solution to all of my gorillapod
problems where does this mean I can put
my camera on this Manfrotto thing okay
my camera has now been attached to the
amount of Fratto device is it stable the
thing is how do I hold this like how can
I hold it at all
first I could just go like that couldn't
I oh my god this is amazing this is so
much better than the gorilla pod well
coincidence I start complaining about
the gorilla pod and I open this from
Manfrotto and it's like a gorilla pod
but much better than a gorilla pod this
is insane
guys look at it look it has like
retractable legs and you can put them
really wide like a big spider and drop
your camera up and stuff this is really
cool I'm goddamn happy with this thing
I'm happy this is called the pixie evo
Oh
so you can put your phone on this thing
I
I'd get it we've got that to open
tomorrow we've got that letter to open
tomorrow we've got that to open tomorrow
we've got this to play with tomorrow but
for now I'm gonna go to bed because I'm
super super super super super tired
management likes you guys been awesome
keep smiling and stay brilliant and I'll
catch you in the next what I'm so tired
adios
