you know you've ordered something and
you've paid like extra amounts of money
to get like next day delivery because
you really need the item that you've
ordered please be the item have ordered
I beg you yes this cable is for the
broken inspire one and I'm begging and
begging that this is gonna fix you
please please please fix you I beg oh
come on go in go in the hole right if
this camera doesn't do its little dance
now please work please please please
dance flick oh my god I know humdum my
hair but I'm in a mad rush right now you
guys know if you watch like yesterday's
video all day before yesterday actually
broke the drone like I crushed it and
the camera ripped off and I thought I'd
broken the camera new cameras for the
drones are about 500 pounds and I was
like ah but I thought I thought right I
bet Abed probably just the cable that's
broken so I've ordered some new cables
just pick them to the drone and it works
and the reason why this is a massive
issue is because i'm actually shooting a
wedding video tomorrow for a wedding
couple who have paid a little bit of
money for me to go and do drone shots
and film their wedding and if you don't
know wedding is like someone's look like
the most important day of your life so
if i was didn't have the drone for it i
would have been absolutely livid because
in the quote that i quoted them i was
like i have a drone and it's gonna be
wicked and I thought I wasn't gonna be
able to take it so the reason I'm in a
massive Russia's it's because it's
currently like half past six right now
and I've been at maria's house all day
off so in the last like day with hers
mental so I needed to get back
test my drone out and now i'm on the way
around to my friend Matt bells house
because I'm going man to his to borrow
some of his equipment because I'm cheeky
like that pretty much what I'm borrowing
from him is called the Ronin the DJI
Ronin it and what it is is I can put
this camera this camera that couldn't
recorded my vlogs with now on the ronin
and it stabilizes it but I don't have
one because they're super expensive like
2,000 pounds and I don't have that sort
of money to spend on one of these things
so I'm gonna borrow mats and so
hopefully this should be cool gets a
nice stable vlog footage it should be
wicked my is vlogging me right now right
brilliant nobody's up why why so many
died man look at that wash birthday
present on a mad one that's brilliant
this is this is what we're oh my god
it's kind of overkill for an SMS as well
oh my god so this is is is it Wow so
with this magical device right here
you've actually got to do weights and
stuff and rig the whole thing for the
camera that's being put on it and matt
has probably had an FS seven on this
recently an effort seven is a big camera
a lot bigger than the one I'm using
right here so we're gonna have to change
this device if you like so it will
actually fit this camera and work with
this camera so we need to do that now
this is insane thank you very much math
you for letting me borrow block ception
well hugs option for those logins check
out my channel eat make some sick things
I'll put it in the description thing
check out Mars bars channel because
obviously none of you have heard him
before even though every single one of
you came from his channel in the first
place Matthew thank you have a good rest
of your birthday and I'll see you soon
Jesus grossly deserve a oh my god don't
even know how I'm gonna fit it in my car
either it's gonna be the next game
trying to fit this thing in my car what
were gone ma she just told me that she
believes cuz she watches my blog she
believes that Toby got a hole-in-one she
thought it was like real when it was
clearly obviously fake but she's made me
some fish beans tomatoes and breads cuz
I'm super hungry
hi MA ah well thank you for some food
coma I'm chocolate
was that really cool or not because well
I hope it looked cool I've managed to
balance this thing I'm not even shopping
in focus because i'm using on massive
lens right now it's lentes is huge but
i'm currently blogging with a roni a DJ
I roaming in this is really killing my
arms okay okay what the hell is that get
it away oh right I'm sweating my neck is
off this I've had the window open and
something is flown into my room and I
don't know what it is I think it's a
moth and I don't like moths whoa what
this thing oh sorry guys this this thing
looks wicked absolutely wicked oh my god
or even know what it is I'm so excited I
just can't oh my ok but don't think this
is a laughing matter like this is this
is this is like serious stuff
this this was a message that came to my
neighbor's house well business from a
fan called Oscar and he said he wants to
hit some to write to me how have you
guys why do you guys go on google maps
and try and figure out my address look
guys hold up all the messages and
parcels my p.o box is being set up as we
speak okay it's being set up right now
it's gonna be done on the 9th of this
month which is in like a few look I
think it's on monday i think that is
monday it's gonna be alive on monday so
guys wait until then and then we'll open
up the pier box and do like a weekly
thing where we can just sit down and
open what you guys send on on the blog
I've had some really difficult times and
your blogs and tweets have genuinely
been so inspirational I've got my GCSEs
in the next two months and you're
actually helping me get through them
dude that is awesome I'm so happy that
like my content I'm pumping out and
YouTube and Twitter and on all my social
media platforms is helping you a
motivating you and and hopefully like
you're enjoying it man this is like this
is why I do this is why I get up every
morning like this is why I get up every
morning to try and make videos to try
and inspire people and to have just like
fun with life and that is like what what
I try to do every day and let all jokes
aside you guys that light or watch my
content and and and leave positive
feedback on my videos and watch me on a
daily basis and why even if you don't
watch me on a daily basis if you watch
my videos and you've enjoyed one you've
taken something positive away from one
of my videos this is what i get up every
morning to do and like things things
like this things like this from you guys
mean the world to me lets me know that
I'm doing something that's like moving
someone and I'm going to put this on my
wall i'm gonna put this on my door if
you guys send me messages in the pier
box i'm going to put them all on my
bedroom door so I can have a like I can
have a visual reason i can have samsung
and i'm trying to say i kind of like a
visual thing to wake up every morning
and see i think right Alex let's smash
it and I want all of you guys like if
you guys are doing anything smash it
well I'm shooting this wedding tomorrow
and I'm helping one of my friends that
shoot this wedding and
literally text me about half an hour ago
saying if you don't know what kit to
bring with you just bring bring
everything so you see so you've got
everything and I just said I just sent
him a text i'll read it back to you
right now and i put don't worry mate you
haven't hired someone who can't set the
shutter speed I take pride in what I do
and that is what I strive for I strive
for pride I strive for people giving
their everything into something that
they enjoying that for me is creating
content and making people happy if I can
go to a wedding and shoot someone's
wedding and make them an awesome wedding
video and know that they're going to
smile because of that then I've made
someone smile I've made someone happy
and that's like what I want to do and
that's what I think everyone should do
all jokes aside guys I've got some more
packages to open but I'm not going to do
them in this video I'm going to do them
tomorrow night about midnight when i get
back from this wedding shoot because
obviously i'm going to be at the wedding
all day tomorrow and I'm going to find
it really difficult to vlog I'm
obviously gonna try and vlog my best
there and might be some shooting a
wedding and it's going to be difficult
for me to vlog so I've got some more
packages to open in tomorrow's vlog but
today guys that r owning was that ronan
downstairs was absolutely awesome the
camera stabilizer thing I try and show
you guys a bit more of that in
tomorrow's vlog I've got everything also
up down here so I'm not messing about in
the morning got the inspire got my
tripod my bag is full of all my lenses
all my batteries I'm gonna put my camera
in there I'm gonna put you guys in that
bag tonight right guys I'm gonna go to
bed the pier box is opening on monday i
think which is the ninth so i'll let you
guys know all the details for that when
it is open but for now mines been I like
you guys have been awesome stay positive
keep smiling and i'll see you in my next
video adios
I run a bath but I've got that carried
away with working and trying to get make
sure everything is ready for tomorrow
it's just gone cold
