I wish you guys with me guys it's like
the weather today it's like it's you
know when you see that like worldly girl
in town that's just walking down the
high street and you're just like holy
mother lode absolutely gorgeous
actually for me it will be fun it'll be
fun so we're actually going today back
down to a car shop to do some videos on
some electric cars for a car company for
tech flow and it should be really fun
because I personally want to learn about
electric cars I don't know how they work
and how the charge this is I've got some
cool technology in them so I'm gonna be
learning today you're probably gonna be
learning today and when the video comes
up and tech flow probably a thousands of
other people are going to be learning
too so that should be quite fun so we're
just starting today with some bagels
got some coffee and then we're gonna get
in a three hour car journey all the way
to this car dealership and and get these
video shots in this gorgeous weather so
it should be fun so guys what I want to
do is run through the equipment that
we're taking to this shoot today now
we've got the ninebot we're going to be
taking the ninebot
just so we can stand on this and get
some nice tracking shots like moving
backwards and forwards with the camera
obviously we've got a tripod we've got a
light stand we've got a reflector we've
got a shoulder rig and in here we've got
a laptop and a load of the lights
accessories memory cards spare batteries
I need to put my laptop in this one
thing I genuinely can't wait for and I
know you guys can't either as well it's
like it's been on my mind it's on my
mind all the time is the PA
on the ninth it's gonna be so we have
arrived
about an hour and 40 minutes later I've
finished driving through back roads and
slow drivers of all the Grandma's going
to the shops we are finally arrived
hello Abby how are you yeah not bad you
know something the cars have got Wi-Fi
in them look at this AHA Wow is quite it
is really nice the second one is this
one this is the one that has OnStar you
can tell Wi-Fi built-in Wi-Fi this
intelligent lights it's massaging seats
and everything Wow so I'll get suited to
run through that with you both and just
so you know you can you know go up the
road you know do whatever you want in it
right okay right we just met with the
manager of this place and he's just told
us he wants us to do two videos one of
them on this car right in front of us
called
the Nissan Leaf which is a fully
electric car and it's given us a massive
sheet of stuff that it can do get to
take it for a test drive and stuff so
that should be a fun video to shoot and
there's also a car in the back which has
built-in Wi-Fi and and massage seats in
it will actually be fun as well this is
insane I can't wait to release these
videos to you guys this is all of the
stuff that it has in the car all the
stuff and that in that car insane why
should we go shoot some techno videos
I'm sorry in the front driver's seat now
I'm gonna take you for a drive on the
vlog look at this light control pop
thing I'm gonna take it for a drive now
and the flat said we can take of a drive
there's my car so should we just do this
yeah the hum brake is the
from a double-double with a robbery
currently driving I'm driving an
electric car that this is fully electric
no gas motor fully electric car I mean
I'll give you guys an acceleration test
in a minute we're just getting down a
country road as you can see you right
now we've got my phone connected via
bluetooth sound system is fairly amazing
so you can see here is at 97% how much
battery we've got there fully automatic
no gears so the first time I've ever
driven an automatic car before and it's
insane the guy at the Anderson's like
father Christmas oh my god
right celebration testing ready three
two one foot flap that is it for an
electric car there's no so this is a
perspective I can see as the driver I've
got my dash here I've got these sat-nav
there which is really cool you can
actually press this button here and it
opens up and then you can put like a
disc in it and then press it again and
it closes down we're just going down
some back country roads here you've got
the battery percentage this is really
cool that awesome cool like seriously
cool man
so we've done the video on the leaf
which is the electric car we're now in
the brand new Vauxhall Astra with all of
the kit like all of the kits got USB
ports down there it's got a full
touchscreen here with all my music
controls ready
what was that I think you can take off
that quick right so I'm gonna put my
foot down as soon as we get past this
international speed limit three two one
can see my speed limit here so there we
go that's a wrap we've finished up two
cars reviews over on tech flow can fin
heard the alarms going off this is a
full-on electric car which we reviewed
it just runs on a battery and this is
the brand new Astra we have one car of
its class in 2016 so what to drive both
of them and look at the awesome
technology inside both of them so we've
recorded two videos with tech flow look
how nice today is totally forgot my
camera's been on manual settings so that
might have bitterly overexposed but
massive thank you there'll be no food
better zoom action going on for bringing
us down here to check out the two cars
let's go again you ready to go
I think all that stuff done as for me
there's other stuff on there the shoot
today went really really well I enjoyed
every second of it and everything went
like perfectly not usually that happens
the inspires broken but other than that
everything else went perfectly Manfrotto
mum photo sent me some more stuff oh
thank you all this stuff right here all
of this right here everything is all
mine got a load a packages but I want to
open this one the most I think I know
what's inside it these ones can possibly
wait for another video I'm not sure
we'll see I've got steak downstairs and
I'm starving but I have a massive
massive feeling never pull this tab here
that was really satisfying and what's
inside here is even though my god
natural natural series from slick craps
including my logos which you guys can
now buy on the store you can physically
buy a wrap with the M logo on it I'll
drop a link in the description I've got
my own page on slick wraps now you guys
asked for it you can are my god this is
insane this is the natural series of
leather wood two types of wood and
leather and that goes on there like that
but that's for the smaller phone so
that's gonna go on there like that or
you get black leather
like that there's proper premium leather
yeah it seems the things this is funny
he seems to think this is funny like
he's put this little Volvic thing on
here now when you turn the went to the
fan on your mental and there he goes
so I've just dropped Jed off at the
train station I've sort of fixed my
microphone I'll show you guys when we
get back just waving at me
I am literally so happy with this phone
but this is the wrap I look at it it's
like so nice I'm so nice my microphone
look this is this is what's going down
with it this isn't gonna work
I need I need a better mount like but
anyway I've been working all day
non-stop so I'm gonna give this blogging
thing a rest for the rest of the night
hopefully you guys enjoyed today's video
I'll include some car clips some of the
shots that we got now of in the daytime
actually now I looked in the earlier in
the block I've done it some of the tech
closed off will be sleep - even early in
this blogger cow promise you guys just
so you guys gets the preview of what
goes on on what went on today cuz took
up the majority of my day on a map so
you not gets it for now might as well
Alex you guys were all so I'll see you
in the next video remember to keep
smiling
