apologize oh dear there's a parcel first
man here and I don't have a shirt on all
I've got some news but boxes cuz I've
just had a shower shower should I answer
the FedEx man in my boxers now that's a
well weird idea what the hell quick I
need to get some trousers awesome then
put on a four shirt I'm trying to put
shirt on I've got my shirt on so that
means I've got this box and I've got
something as well in in this so let's
just do a little bit of a mail time
thing and just open some of these things
by the way as well my PA box is going
live on the 9th of this month now I
don't have the address yeah I get the
address on the 9th I promise you guys
unless Royal Mail want to screw me over
then it's going live on the 9th so you
guys cutting in send me on the 9th I'll
make a video about how you guys can send
me stuff to live here box and then we
can open open stuff what is what have I
ordered here this is screen protectors
for this camera because I don't want to
break it and I have no clue what this is
so you're just gonna rip into this right
now what about what I ordered what's
this the mysterious white box what do we
have inside of here what is it what I
don't even know what this is I arrived
in time is the Starbucks thing a body
for Maria because she likes she said she
liked it and it's a birthday today no
tomorrow but I'm seeing her today
tonight I've also bought her loaded with
a Pandora stuff as well I was meant to
be getting an awesome package from slick
raps you know the people that do the
raps for the phones they were gonna send
me a load of their natural series raps
and their actual like premium leather
and premium wooden like raps to go on
your phones their natural series so they
were gonna send me some of those and
slick raps are also putting together a
page on their website just for you guys
now this is literally just for you guys
literally just
you guys and what it is is a page on
slick raps where it's gonna stop raps
where your device is but with our logos
on how wicked is that sleep raps message
me in there like yo we've had a load of
requests all your fans and subscribers
are like can we buy raps with the load
with Alex's logos and stuff on so that
we're putting it together we're making
it a reality for you guys I didn't even
think you guys would like want that but
a few of you been actually messaging
slick raps and asking them for it so
we're doing it there we go
the stuff I do for you guys but I love
you I love you so it's Maria's birthday
today I keep saying that it's not today
it's tomorrow
Vera's birthday is tomorrow on Wednesday
today is currently Tuesday but we're
going out into town tonight and
obviously I will be all together when
she turns 8 1919 look at it look at this
urn on the floor is sunny I was thinking
to myself what can I do this outside
that's productive and that's gonna make
use of this weather and I thought well I
looked out the window and I saw the my
car needed to clean so
you just spent far too long far too long
cleaning my car like far far too long
these are gonna be the points that I
drill into to drill the drone onto the
wall book I need to get some sort of oh
I need to get some sort of special screw
for it because you can't choose like a
normal screw ish it's not going to work
like a bracket screw so there must be
something that is my favorite bag of all
time now I thought I'd take you guys
through what I would usually pack if I
was traveling for a prolonged period of
time or my travel editing setup so
obviously in the last 142 days of doing
these daily vlogs I've had to edit a
video every single day to upload now
that becomes an issue if you know I'm
ever not at my computer or I'm not here
to edit I need a portable workstation
and I think what I've built here is
pretty much perfect for editing my
videos when I'm out of the house now
let's go through it all because I know
you guys are gonna be interested in this
so this is just a bag of toiletries it's
got my toiletries and stuff in it let's
talk about audio first so this is a
Bluetooth set of headphones I've done a
video on these on my vlog channel on the
vlog channel on tech flow not on the
vlog channel on tech blow this is on the
vlog channel and yeah these are the qcy
Bluetooth in ear headphones really
inexpensive bluetooth really cool and
then I've also got my quiet comfort qc25
noise cancelling headphones like the
literally the best headphones I've ever
worn in my life so that is that is audio
out the way now this is my card reader
for this laptop obviously as a USB C
port on the side of it just because it's
a USB C laptop so that was my card
reader this is my bag but more on that
in a second this is my Hawaii or
wherever you say it 4G dongle now in the
back of this I've actually got an EZ SIM
card a three mobile SIM card and Oh two
UK SIM card and a gift gap sim card now
the reason I have all of the major UK
network SIM cards is so if I'm in an
area where there's no
Internet or no no coverage on EE or no
coverage on o2 that might be coverage on
three I need to make sure I've got
access to the Internet to upload these
vlogs I'll tell you what people think
daily vlogging is easy they've got
another thing coming so that in itself
is a lot of money with all the SIM cards
in the back of that that's just a 4G
Wi-Fi hotspot which gives out Wi-Fi this
is my power add 2,100 milliamp hour
battery thing
no stop tune it's worth 20,000 milliamps
and then I've got to a anchor braided
iPhone iPhone lightning cable and a USB
c2 USB cable so I can charge this laptop
off of this thing if I'm gonna be using
it for a longer time but this laptop has
an insane battery on it anyway like I
literally edit for vlogs on this black
without dying if it's 100 percent and
this just keeps it juiced up so yeah
that is my portable editing vlogging rig
thing most of the vlogs you guys see
anyway are edited on this little laptop
like 90 percent in my vlogs or edited on
this right so I'm pretty much ready now
to go we've got a table booked at as low
as it was going at 6 o'clock and what
I'm going to do is I'm not going to take
this camera with me I'm gonna whack out
my iPhone the click record now we're on
the iPhone there you go I've got a
moment lens on it let me show you guys
with this camera a bit of a multicam
action going on right
we go now over to the iPhone there we go
that's it this is not obligatory how
cool is that nice big wide lens in 4k
because obviously I want to show you
guys like what we're doing and stuff and
what's going on cos my daily vlog and I
don't buy just don't want to take a big
camera and obviously my rx100 which is
in here is shafted oh man look at the
car shinin it's all shinin
came about for six in the brook
what was it called again the porn star
no no no raspberry mojito raspberry
mojito was you go get some leaves in it
get the dangly leaves grow having a
revolution wait Kalin my car won't focus
first problem with the iPhone is a
vlogging camera won't focus very well
revolution while you bought me what is
their play resumes what a blueberry
cheesecake is Alex's oh my god have a
taste won't your him what do you think
about what you think it really shitty
she's a really shitty cheese go
this is insane thank you morning guys
how we all doing my name is of course I
liked and welcome back to Monday it's
bank holiday today I've got this on the
weather's looking shabby but it's doable
Toby's here say hi Toby and we're
actually gonna go and do something like
well I'm not outlandish for me but not
outlandish for Toby
