morning guys how we are doing my name is
of course I like to welcome back to
Monday it's bank holiday today I've got
this on the weather is looking shabby
but it's doable Toby's here say hi Toby
and we're actually gonna go and do
something like well I'm not outlandish
for me but not outlandish for Toby Toby
plays golf I used to play golf haven't
played in about four year to Toby plays
right he plays golf with his mates let's
go finish car which is outside their
watch that's a squash racket so we're
gonna go and just piss about and play
some golf just on a bank holiday Toby
says he's never flown a drone before
he's never lived he hasn't lived he'd
put this in the car I don't know how
we're gonna fly it over the course but
we're going we're gonna try it anyway
right you're getting in the i-10 the
itinerary which is just right you're
gonna follow me yeah personally right I
don't have any golf clubs so yeah I'm
going to go to my grandmas and pick up
his hey we just over there what you
locking up for wait where's Minnie
upstairs or something I'm listening I'm
played in like four years I'm just gonna
go in for a mess about with Toby yeah
yeah yeah geez it well I'm I'm about I
was about the same time bad same height
as Brenda done for now yeah absolutely
like that Samson no you were not left
and my grandma always tries to help me
out of her driveway she thinks that she
did she thinks I can't drive bang right
so tight Toby knows where the golf club
is so I'm just gonna follow him there
here we go i think we've arrived and all
the help Toby's did what is he doing so
the weather is unfortunately taking a
turn for the worst but we're still gonna
go for this toes here with this kid on
I'm here like not looking ready at all
even I was going on about
got clubs it is really windy and rainy
genuinely think I've just had a shot and
it's it's like gone in this bush
somewhere right we're getting a bit
better a little bit better I've actually
made contact with the ball and got it
somewhat in the right direction we have
to go with my first shot as well right
of the hole is just down there the sled
water on my lens toby is getting ready
to go it's just in a few practice shots
he's gonna try and get a hole in one can
you do it it try you think you can do it
you think you can do it every time every
time this hole right and there he goes
what son what son Holy One evolution
thought I'd never be doing this like
playing golf on a blog with take this is
brilliant I'm really enjoying it I got
to hear Toby's closer to the year so he
says to the flag there but this is so
fun even though it's like raining a
little bit so considering mrs. Alex's
first time playing golf for about four
years you stood oh and we're gonna get
him a hole-in-one now a few moments
later to be fair maid that's a
good shot to say that us this is fully
like the tenth time you played bowling
for you yeah tense haven't fit of all
that for years I'm not too bad my hair
sick bad 50 yards from the hole swings
what a shot holy mums out my camera in
my hand because I had to dismantle it
halfway around the holes because then
yeah it started to range you can as you
can clearly see the weather is
absolutely awful now tubes in his car
just a just chillin where do your game
they're like it's really enjoyable and
we're gonna come do it a few more bit
more tonight mate it was a good day was
a good laugh what's gonna fly the drone
but like fly over the courses to try and
get some might be role of it but this
what rain just like is putting me off
it's just like too dangerous yeah I'll
see you in town tomorrow night then cool
mate write you off then cool house in a
bit right my relationship with current
PC world is slowly coming to an end
whenever I go to this store in
particular as you guys know if you've
watched any of my vlogs they never have
anything in stock but I wanted let's say
just go and order online what's the
point in having a store if I've got to
go and order online and need to get
another Phillips Eva bulb for the other
side of my desk in the office so don't
have it I'm not gonna be happy I was
passing so I thought let's go and see if
I've got one in let's do this what I
just whether so god damn all former best
have won the best I've won the best
everyone nope nope that I've want they
genuinely
don't have one Wow always so goddamn
disappointed with them and that's it the
relationship is over I used to
absolutely love going to Currys and
actually buying something in store but
that's it I'm not going there again now
buy online what's the point having a
stall then buy online high street retail
because of online shopping is dying and
this is like the sad truth because it's
nice sometimes to go in and just like
buy something like give them your money
and then they like give you the product
I like I don't know i like i like doing
that you guys are all smudged up there
we go okay look look at this right UK
whether this is a message from me to you
I'm not happy this isn't funny why is it
sunny now and not sunny when i was
playing God I'm not happy I am happy
because my new route has arrived you
guys know why that if you guys even know
a lot of people have been asking for me
to do like a networked all setup thing
yeah this is my network at the moment
we've got like a switch there and this
is the Rooter we've had it for about
four years now but we pushes will I push
gigs and gigs and gigs of video onto
youtube every day for these daily vlogs
and we've had this router for about
three and a half years and it's starting
to slow up and get a bit cranky and my
airplay always disconnects and youtube
videos fail to buffer so i thought i'd
just go out and buy this baby now I've
had netgear products before and to be
honest with you I haven't been that
impressed see what we're thinking is why
have you bought this amazing route from
netgear if you haven't been that
impressed well every single review on
Korea's and Amazon said that it was
insane so then what literally wasn't a
bad review people are saying they set it
up left it and it's still running like a
beast so hopefully this is going to
solve all my problems okay so loads of
mess everywhere now just mess everywhere
but we're looking here and go up here
boom look at this look at this big boy
like look at all the lights flashing and
just go ahead and crazy yeah hopefully
we're all super charged up now this
wasn't possible before I'm in 4k and
it's loading it and we're in 4k on you
dad it's the internet a bit more
responsive yeah that's for yes I've been
on it you see doing YouTube videos
before then cool that was the answer
that I wanted dad says the internets a
lot better hopefully this powerful
big-ass router that we've installed up
here this thing flashing away hello how
are you doing guys hopefully is making a
difference as I say I couldn't load 4k
before and now we can load 4k which is
wicked it's currently at half past nine
I'm gonna go and chill round at maria's
for a little bit but I'm coming back
here afterwards so I'll catch up with
you guys when I'm when I'm back here
right so I've just gotten back from
maria's and I've been thinking about the
drone and if we come just in here for a
second I was thinking if I cleared all
this bit up down here apologize for my
voice is like 230 in the morning and i'm
absolutely shattered yes i was thinking
if a clear all this stuff up down here I
could take the drone and you see the
feet here they're actually they're
actually Hollow so if I was to try and
put two screws in this wall I could try
and hang the drone up here on like that
then have a shelf below with all the
controllers and stuff on you guys think
that would be a good idea oh my gosh
that has been my bank holiday had a
little day off not really done much my
lights have gone off and I'm absolutely
knackered but for now well wait await
segue States Maria's birthday tomorrow
right yes Maria's birthday tomorrow but
what were present so here found it
bought a present and yeah so so birthday
tomorrow hopefully you guys will enjoy
them because I'm gonna be with her from
us today cool adios
you
Oh
