so God
okay there's a large Aaron's desk and I
don't really want to touch one thing
because if I touch one thing all of this
is gonna come down this is a there's a
lot of stuff on the desk guys this is
what I was caked in this is the current
situation right now so guys out oh my
god I've done a little bit of
calculating guys amazed over 1,000
British pounds of Corsair gear on my
office desk that is absolutely crazy and
we have none of the Corsair to thank for
this the guys very soon I'm going to be
giving all of this away in collaboration
with Corsair for Christmas with you guys
we have a lot of giveaways going on at
the moment we've got that many giveaways
going on that I but I asked you guys in
the video the other day to guess what
all this stuff was for and a lot of you
guessed it actually you know you know me
too well you know that I'm one of those
youtubers that just likes to give back
good evening how are y'all doing my name
is of course Alex guys and welcome back
to another daily vlog there I do this
there I'll do it guys if you haven't
joined the merch train yet then please
check this out
if you guys get yourselves over to shop
da Mars bar at Cody PK which is my merch
site you'll see that there's this well
little drop-down thing that comes down
at the bottom it pops in and this bar
guy says fYI your orders go into the
notifications and Alex's phone so make
sure you put your real name as much as
that is true I'm going to change that
right now and on this bar just for this
video the first two hours that this very
video goes live this will display a
discount code for the site so guys if
you're watching this video within two
hours of it going live there will be a
discount code up here so use it whilst
it's
so here we are guys I've gone ahead
unbox back up all of the Corsair yeah
everything is back in its box in its
place there is literally so much of it
you guys will be out very very soon
master Chao - Corsair for hooking us up
with that but today guys
it's Sunday Sunday the 17th chill vlog
time by the way being taking proper
pride in the quality lately is that look
at that mental that's mad guys let's get
into it this week it's a snapchat one
and if you haven't added me on snapchat
first question somewhere ebers I'm just
wondering when did you start you two and
why did you well I started YouTube back
a long time ago I couldn't remember the
date I went through so many different
YouTube channels when I was on my quest
to become a youtuber I did loads of
stuff minecraft real life stuff went
through different channels because they
ended up going nowhere what I did I well
because it was fun and it still is fun
me and my friends but it was very fun
they all sort of don't do it anymore now
but Here I am
seven years later Alex would you ever
move to LA you know what I'd actually
love to move to LA the weather's always
nice one thing that I really hate about
England the weather plays massively on
my mood you guys need to show your face
more this is a problem with the world
everybody's too shy I'm not hot I don't
care
yeah gonna put my current vlogging rig
in a video um yeah it's the camera there
and then I've got a monitor there so I
can see so what's going on and then I've
got a microphone run face first of all
big fan sector for my question how'd you
find motivation to do things in your day
because I
very fun motivation to go a bit okay so
I seem to get this question a lot a lot
far too much that I like a lot I get
this question like it baffles me how
much I get this question how do I find
things to do in the day well there's one
word it's opportunity
I love opportunity there's one day or
I'm gonna be sat there on my deathbed it
could be tomorrow guys I I could be in a
car crash tomorrow god forbid touchwood
that I'm not and I want to be able and I
want to be able to look back on life
when I'm on my deathbed and think Alex I
like she nailed it you absolutely nailed
it you couldn't have done it any better
hi Alex my question to you is what keeps
you motivated every day tell we'll do
YouTube for you and what I'm editing
software two years okay again another
question about motivation well the
motivation is there I've just told you
guys what editing software do I use
Final Cut might use Final Cut for me a
pro I use those two mainly final cut for
the vlogs and Premiere Pro for my for my
bigger project fails any plans to turn
your house into a smart house when it
starts so of course my house is gonna be
the smartest house you guys are ever
going to see I genuinely cannot wait to
get the new house guys the day I get the
keys to that new house the vlogs are
going to be absolutely bomb and I'm even
going to be taking a short break just
before I get the keys to the house
because I'm gonna be working so hard as
soon as I do on the channel and God
forbid I do not want to be worn out the
day I get the keys for that house so
short break from the vlogs and the hole
of YouTube just before I get the house
guys next yeah but don't worry I'll give
you guys a full-on head up before that
happens because as soon as we get the
house the vlogs they're gonna be insane
right there guys there is something that
I really really really want to chat with
you guys about right now so as you can
see this is my office computer right
here
it's meant to be well down there my
office I actually use this for work over
this right here is my old computer from
home now I love this case and everything
about this this computer but what I'm
thinking of doing is trying to do a
Christmas computer build for you guys
and live between me building this
computer and redoing it or go follow me
on Twitch
it's just twitch TV for / mr. Mars bar
then that is the plans for this room to
do on the lead-up to Christmas I might
even do it like on Christmas Eve or
something I'd be really fun to do that
Google sent me these sweets and they're
really hard speaking of food guys and
more specifically bad food I do these
Sunday chill blogs to give me time to
focus on my other businesses on on
Sunday it's a chill vlog it's not
because I haven't not done anything all
day I never not do anything I'm always
working my absolute ass off all day
today I've been looking at the merch
sales and making sure that's going okay
as all I bet I'll do some Wireless or
they didn't like for example all day
today I've been working on some new
designs for the merch and making sure
that's going okay as well as doing some
internet stuff and been on a few call
it's not often that I do this guys and
it's not setting a good example to you
and this is the second one I'm having
this week so so just ignore what I'm
about to do next because I don't condone
this type of food whatsoever but I don't
have time today to be messing about
so can't believe I'm doing this yeah can
I get am
