sunday sunday sunday sunday sunday
sunday some days are boring need to get
myself some food before I start today
and I'm trying to be on a help train at
the moment so that bit of food that bit
of food that item of food is gonna be
Apple someone says something mean to me
last night on Twitter if you're gonna
take time out of your day to say
something mean to someone else if they
haven't done anything to you in the
first place that's really sad
it's sad because you're clearly telling
me you've got nothing better to do with
your day and that really upsets me these
sorts of people lack Drive they lack
motivation and they lack the will to go
out and prove themselves that they can
actually do something productive with
their lives instead they'd rather sit
behind the keyboard on Twitter and say
mean things to people that they don't
even know and the funny thing was they
were talking or mocking my physical
looks when they didn't even have a
profile picture of themselves anyway oh
the irony I'm trying to get a lot of
better at this whole health thing and to
be honest Toby's coming over tonight and
we're probably gonna get Domino's so to
give myself the best chance I thought
I'd come in the gym this morning and try
and try and do some weights and stuff a
lot of you guys been asking what these
are now these are like physical ways
that you can pick up but you can
actually choose what you want the weight
to be so if I want if three kilograms
and outside the wrinkle grounds and
outside I can have that or I can do four
or five five kilograms on each side and
then you've got five kilograms that's
easy and yes this gym is in my house for
those of you that have been asking in
the past affinity comments that alex is
this gym in your house are you going
through the gym if you've got your own
private room in a gym now this gym is
actually in in my house and you will
through here look those the gyms in
there and and now
they narrow in the hallway yeah no it's
er no it's just in just in here on this
corner yeah my oh my the rest of the
people living this household my family
and stuff there Matic Jim freaks so yeah
I know it's a bit weird but it is what
it is no guys no how you doing yeah good
Loosli arrived at my office thank you
thank you
I need to do something about this this
is just pure laziness but this is just
cardboard that can't be bothered to take
down like to the bin exhibit a of no
fire all of you guys right all of you
guys got absolutely mental at me for
leaving on my lights when I leave the
office in the LEDs and stuff I've got
LEDs on behind the telly and I'll leave
that I'll leave them on when I'm not
here and all of you guys that are Alex
you're gonna burn down your office turn
off your LEDs man and the thing is I've
had LEDs for years and I've left them on
for weeks on end and they don't get
anywhere near hot but I see why you guys
are concerned I am gonna carry on
sometimes leaving the LEDs on I will
turn them off sometimes to be honest
this is just gonna come back and bite me
in the ass in it my house is the house
this office is just gonna burn down
please don't wear I've cooked to the
office today and I've been sat here
doing work for the last 45 minutes have
had a few people to invoice I've had to
send some people it's a little bit money
for some work out they've done for me in
the past so I've done all that today all
that is out the way cool but I won't
discuss this new series right because a
lot of you guys have been like Alex what
are you doing with the main channel
after build some office as
as completed out as finished in my club
with the main channel right the main
term I marked by channel right and I've
been thinking about this ever since I
surpassed 400,000 subscribers on it
right I'll think in Jesus I can't just
do like left on it it needs to be blur
but it needs to be good blur that makes
sense
sir I wanted to do a series I'm not
Channel I'm gonna be doing a lot of
personal stuff a load of edits a lot of
drogon stuff I love the drone I actually
like full-on drone edits on Mars bar
itself however I want to keep it
something to do with setups what actual
setups and this was my idea a series
once a month or once every three weeks
something like that a reoccurring series
and what I'm gonna do is ask you guys to
send me videos I want a video tour of
your setup right and what we're gonna do
is I'm gonna pick one and we're gonna
put braid it right we're gonna do a
video on upgrading it now I'm gonna be
here I'm gonna watch the video and I'm
going to tell you guys power to book
braid your setups and I'm also also
gonna try get some sponsors involved
right so if I say are yourself would be
absolutely awesome with a 21 by nad
monitor it needs some music gaming
headset it needs of course their mouse
mat and it's a Logitech G 410 keyboard
would look awesome on your desk one of
the things I recommend to you guys to do
to your setups if you get featured I
will give you that and I'm gonna work
with loads of companies like LG and
Logitech to try and Corsair to try and
make this a reality
so hopefully all of that makes sense if
you think that is a good series idea
then let me know in the comment section
down below now why I'm really trying to
avoid is ripping off any other people
like Edgar from Texas and the swashing
channel up and featured on both of them
in the past really close friends with
Edie from Texas and I don't want to rip
off setup wars in any way shape or form
and I don't really want to rip offs
washings
from what I can gather my idea is like
totally different from them you guys
submit a video and I'll try
get some some company to sponsor a
product so we give you guys some free
stuff now if you guys think that that is
totally ripping off any other series on
the Internet and please let me know and
I won't do it but for now I think it's a
pretty good idea if you guys do drop a
like rating and let me know in the
comments down below I'm gonna go in
spend some time with Maria because I
haven't seen it since Wednesday thank
you yeah cheers thank you as you can see
my healthy eating is going really well
now it's not me it's Maria with Maria
worried about that all's it wasn't me I
get water you see because I am healthy
not this coach is it just me to hate the
noise of a straw going into a coke ah so
where is veneer this afternoon drops
back off now Tobi Rogers say I'm a just
got a little league set up right now
bashing out a few games does it every
Sunday testing out the new Esparza which
is a pretty sick put it in wide mode
pretty nice a little bit of chill music
on pretty chill Sunday what the hell is
this girl saying on here too
oh so weird I've never seen that before
ever in Li I've got myself a KitKat and
a rocky road mixing it up having the two
together
Toby has just gone off to the spare room
I've got a Mac here behind me and I
think I'm gonna get some sleep really
confused I've been playing League all
night and the Corsair k70 rapid-fire
actually turned off and it was like just
being unresponsive I recited my pc and
everything changed it now log is in the
front USB ports right and it seems to be
working it was in the back ones so I'm
really confused it worked fine the back
ones before but as I say everything just
froze and the keyboard wouldn't work
it does look fairly sick at night
they're done it is nice right guys yeah
I'm gonna get some sleep now I hope all
of you have enjoyed today's vlog and let
me know what you think about the series
on the main channel I'd love to hear
your guys thoughts and opinions on that
but for now - Ben Alex
guys stay awesome be happy smiles and
I'll see you in the next one
