quarter past 8:00 in the morning I'm up
I'm about went to bed about 12:00 last
night feeling knackered because I didn't
sleep the night before but we've got
this let's go and take my car for its
MOT let's get this look again 8:20 in
the morning and it is such a nice day
guarantee you by tonight it will just be
crap weather again and just like
horrible you just like that that bad you
just can't give me go outside drops off
the car I've made the vital mistake of
not bringing a jumper with me but that's
it he's gonna come pick me up I'm
freezing it's so cold
apparently they say breakfast is the
most important meal of the day
posted a Ryan didn't I and don't get me
wrong I really really really enjoy
breakfast like really enjoy it but I'm
just never offering time to have it so
while I'm up this morning I thought you
know what may as well have some crunchy
No
well emails done Jim session finished
breakfast digested I think my cars ready
to go be picked up already it's not even
like an hour and a half
that's good service I like this service
here's here she is
oh yeah I got my car back and it's all
sorted that was it was like a massive
worry of mine getting all this sorted
like I've got massive OCD about the sort
of stuff I've got my car back
everything's cool and let's go home I've
gone ahead and made myself a coffee just
because I am currently editing part
three of the ultimate gaming office
autumn office rather and I'm dying a
little bit what I'm having to do I've
just rendered out the ultimate office
what I'm having to do with it is
transfer over to my like external SSD
and then I'm gonna go to the office and
load it a lot of people say to me Alex
how come you can do daily vlogs and how
come your Internet's good enough to do
daily vlogs it's a tricky one because my
internet like is crap between like 6:00
p.m. and 10:30 but in the daytime it's
insane I could get like 30 Meg up but at
night it's like 1 Meg up on one mic down
I don't understand so I'm gonna gonna
edit the office oh god what are we gonna
do I just want to get this video up I
can't really at my house I can't get to
the office it's gonna take about 10
years go go now just go right leaving
him leaving it I'm leaving around to go
go all right it's all good it's all good
we've got this
we have made it to the office my eye
pull it really blue right now they're
not because the white balance is off
yeah I think I'm looking blue right so
my computer connects to our own network
in the office it connects to my network
for this room which is a BT fiber line
which gets 52 megabytes down and eight
megabytes up this computer the editing
workstation this is hardwired to what we
call a leased line and the leased line
runs this whole entire building now on
that leased line or the thing is with a
leased line rather if you guys don't
know about is it's where you can pretty
much just ask for what any speed you
want you could have like zero point five
megabytes down and a hundred megabytes
up if you wanted in this office we pay
for 50 megabytes down and 50 megabytes
but now I know that download isn't that
impressive but I don't need any more
than 50 down
I want the upload to get these videos or
fast for you guys right if I try to
upload this file now which I believe it
is this one how long is it gonna take it
to an hour oh six minutes it took an
hour my house cool right video is all
uploaded I'm leaving at the office to
upload I'm gonna to the post office now
cuz I've got this little parcel thing
this little letter to the box and I
wasn't in when when they try to deliver
something and I don't know what it is so
let's go and find out yeah processing
it's gonna be live at 8 o'clock tonight
so that's the cool thing what is in this
then tiny little package okay even know
but I've ordered loads of stuff this is
haha I feel like this is gonna make the
world of difference right I've laid
right I've laid there but I couldn't
find a transformer so I ordered a
transformer actually if you go up here I
bought this thing so now
down the side just to see if this works
oh my god that looks a lot cooler than I
thought it would
that's wicked cool I'm so stoked about
the LED strip I think it looks
absolutely awesome up there
I think it's wicked and there's a desk
is looking cool what I've done is
obviously I wanted a nice thumbnail for
episode 3 or part 3 of fields from
office series it's cuz I series that I
really ain't I've really enjoyed make it
all and all the thumbnails to be nice so
what I've done is I've taken two photos
and in the two photos I've just changed
the location of the bulb what I'm gonna
do is go back home and then Photoshop
the two images together so it looks like
both lights are turned on hopefully that
will work it will work I know it will oh
man I'm so stoked videos uploading I
think it's already done processing 73%
oh I'll tell you what I wish I had good
internet like i lo had this internet at
my actual house it was so much easier
just gonna come to the Asha and grab
some tea
load a video oh yeah your phone and
Twitter yeah the commentary on my
messages just had a massive curry didn't
it although though because it was an
alchemist Allah and it was so hot and I
was sweating and this couldn't deal with
it when the asha it's the best ending in
never yeah mate honestly it's so so so
so so cold like slow cold outside I'm
literally freezing yeah right I need to
go and quickly make my thumbnail for
tonight's video on the main ship yeah I
mean I've got 4k internal to be fair
mate so I can use that yep yeah it has a
limit equal coating time yeah cool so
that guy I was just on the phone to then
he is the guy that like does wedding
videos and stuff and he's got me another
wedding to do in a few weeks time so and
once we there all day as well and I get
to film all the fun stuff so that should
be
that should be a fun vlog so Carl's been
mo T's which is good and it passed I've
done my tax for the car and it was fine
and I've done a load of other stuff
business bank is now open and I can use
it I've paid my FedEx bills I've paid
some other bills I've paid some other
bills I've cancelled an old phone that I
have other than that it's been a fairly
productive day as a spider on the
ceiling now it is Saturday tomorrow and
what I want to do in tomorrow's video is
try and take try and take all of the
corner all of it but try and clear out
like all of my camera gear and stuff and
take it round to the office try and
clear out all of this space and then
what I want to do is try and build like
a place where as to where we can put the
drones and stuff because I want a place
to put that thing but I want to make it
like unique and cool and snazzy that's
what I wanted to be but today's vlog has
been a super short one just because I've
had to get absolutely edited so I
apologize for that
however tomorrow's vlog have got a lot
of stuff to do so hopefully I'll see you
guys then adios
