I
good morning guys what absolutely
awesome date is today awesome in I'm
talking about the weather like not
nothing special is happening really
except I did accomplish something right
I did it haven't done one and i want to
say about two years i did an all nighter
haven't been to sleep since yesterday
and I'm literally dying hence the time
lapses this morning I thought this one
looks nice the sunrise was awesome let's
just time-lapse it yeah I'm really tired
no dude yeah easy way to do how's the
map it's all right you know it's been
doing right so this is obviously track 1
yes yeah gorgeous
so that guy i've just been with his name
is step right and he is a producer a
local producer and knowing through a
friend of a friend of a friend of a
friend and pretty much from working
together on some music some custom music
for my youtube channel like custom music
that only I can use now going to be
paying him for these beats right simply
so I can get like the lease for them
therefore no one else will be able to
use the beats and we can have like our
own sounding music produced by Stefan on
the channel because the thing is at the
moment all vloggers that are trying to
like actually vlog daily all use the
same music by people like Jeff kale and
different people like that and now that
I thought I should speed because I'm SAT
there literally editing the videos every
day in choosing the music but like I
just want something to be different and
i want to go to lengths to make sure
that like it's different and it's like
it's new and that's what i like i like
new thing
I
just finished up a coffee at the angel
copy us and with the miss Wilcox Clara
we've been doing something today that I
can't really tell you because someone
might tell you the person what we've
been doing yeah it's the secret can't
tell anyone i bought some clothes
clothes got a parking ticket but and
it's raining so today's a little bit
weird and but now we're going to go two
more shot which where should we go this
way this way okay i'll see you guys in a
bit boom so i'm currently in river
island right now trying on some clothes
I'm with Cloris we have well taking my
phone to my mom with my work phone to
try and get it fixed so I can Karen
snapchatting and we've introduced a
little shopping get some bits for some
people's birthdays which about that
true
it's because laura is right behind me
I'm trying to give her a lift not a
little i'm trying to show with the way
homes isn't nowhere to go like her road
awareness is like zero
finally I'm home I think you guys are
forgotten but yeah I'm actually running
off zero sleep like the energy I've got
today is from like yesterday night in
bed and coffees come I'm running on
caffeine and dreams cool so I've had
what appears to be a really cool day in
town chillin with Clara even though the
weather hasn't been that good and I've
also been running on fumes literally
caffeine my work phone the snapchat
phone has been taken to the apple store
and they can confirm that there's an
internal fault with it so they're going
to replace that for me I've sorted out
something that for an event that me and
Clara are going to next week which we
can't tell you about yet well this is
the this arrived I don't know what it is
I'm not going to cut this you guys can
just watch will do it we're doing we're
doing uncut blog I don't know this well
this is it says 69 on the back I don't
know if they're hinting anything with
that but we'll see we'll see what what
this is what oh it's an hdmi cable sick
becoming an adult is really difficult
like tomorrow I have to tax and mot my
car right got a tax and mot my car don't
even know what that means I've also got
to do my tax return for my business and
asking me what they what they're
starting my business they want the exact
date and I don't even know what day I
started Mars media like I don't even ah
I've opened up a new business bank
account I've got to activate my debit
card for that bank account I've also got
to edit part three of the ultimate
offers got to do that tonight cuz i want
it to air tomorrow night which is friday
night i wanted to add the same time as
this video goes live everything is just
a mess this tripods oh no and they're
just mess everywhere i've got a lot of
stuff to do tonight clearly it's 8pm i
need to get this room
Oh
cool getting there working on it I am
about to drop dead right now but I'm
trying to figure out where we can put
this drone I need to meet like some sort
of shelf somewhere what I'm thinking of
doing actually is in what either of
these rumors the thing is right in here
right I've got all my camera gear right
all but camera gear I can everyone is in
this room but that I soon gonna be moved
to the office in here we've got a load
of boxes and stuff which don't really
need to be here so therefore i can take
them to the office which frees up a lot
of space know what's it going to do is
having like a drone shelf here i'm not
sure if you guys could let me know what
you think we could do that will be
really cool but hopefully if you guys
are watching this I'm hoping I'm hoping
that I've managed to edit and upload and
it's live the ultimate office episode 3
so hopefully you've watched it already
if you haven't go watch it if I edited
it and doing it and I'm gonna have to n
today's blog here because I'm going to
bed it's almost nine o'clock didn't get
any sleep last night and I'm just dying
and I don't feel too good adios
