this is the attention I get ready for
this yeah yeah that's not it's not my
mom could even maybe or maybe Alex Alex
could give you this no good morning guys
how are we doing my name is of course
Alex and welcome back to another video
Quanah sat in the brain in my car on
Maria's drive ray crying no I'll call
the hump Maria's drive just dropped her
back off well she was at mine last night
and today have some cool stuff plan
Jordan the guy that we were with
yesterday my camera is super close the
guy that with yesterday Jordan he said
Alex thank you for installing my Subaru
for my car for me can I wash your car
for you because he loves washing cars
like he loves he loves like taking out
cars but I don't if you guys noticed
check this out raindrops keep falling on
my head you can really hear it too as
well like a tear right so when I
realized that the oh my god look out
look out this is just just for car
cleaning just for car cleaning purposes
right OCD to the max I mean I have OCD
but this is on another level that's
crazy
I've like a half an hour right time
lapse time right yeah up an hour off an
hour time lapse we got this okay
so the rain has cleared up a little bit
it's still spitting hence why we can't
wax it but George has done an absolutely
insane job cleaning the whip cheers mate
and I'll show you inside as well so
excuse the not polished floor mats or
not Hoover floor mats rather but like
the - as all nice and clean rattling
those cats you soon thank you very much
clean my car and enjoy you have a good
trim a trim fresh trim whoa clink ah yes
cool look at that now it's all clean you
can see all these Skrill I mean a lot
I'm talking about
okay hello Amazon Amazon
um Amazon I need to get myself an
unboxing knife like a really cool one if
you guys know any unboxing knives link
them in the not unboxing knives just
like really cool but I want to flick
knife as I watch and it's like really
cool but I need to be able to do that
which back then that needs to be a thing
like watch so my car is all clean
Murray's been dropped off I'm in the
office got a parcel is my door closed I
feel like I'm annoying everyone else in
this building right now yeah it's closed
cool right we don't have a knife you
guys used to tell me some cool knives in
in the description airs or not in the
description in the comments but let's
use the finger force here quite good at
that here we're going straight in here
boom boom but I don't know what this is
by the way boom
you never know they were a pepper what
is this too bad
okay yeah a wireless headphones like
bluetooth ones I've been getting into
them recently
Oh
yeah all right well okay massive dilemma
we've got a massive problem massive
problem I've just heard someone set the
alarm they don't realize I'm here
someone set the alarm for the building
literally right Richard was the one that
set the alarm right and he said to me
room is over I'm gonna go back and unset
it I left it five minutes went
downstairs and the alarm was still set
going off giving me a massive earache I
feel I'm ears are still bleeding it was
so loud and the thing is in that office
if the alarm goes off and it goes off
for a prolonged period of time and I
think that prolonged period of time is
thirty seconds in that office actually
in every single room there's a thing
that puts out a load of smoke so you
can't see anything so I managed to turn
the alarm off in time but you can't then
reset the alarm you have to ring a
company so they can check to make sure
that it was like an actual false a lot
oh my god I've been on the whole for
about 45 minutes I need to go back and
edit yesterday's vlog it's like almost 7
o'clock now you know I was talking to
you guys earlier about the weather being
really weird recently like one minute is
nice and sunny one minute it's all dark
and horrible look at this
and now this yeah that is what is out
there currently right now I recorded
that literally five minutes ago oh man
it just like this this is mine what
sometimes I look back to a year ago when
I was first told that we were all gonna
move house and that and wanted myself to
be something that in years to come I
would still be proud of that way to make
something not to have to change it and
move it around and know that in years to
come I would still love it a year later
we built this thing about a year ago
ultimate gaming set up series on YouTube
and I built this thing all from my head
and the amount of people like the amount
of people it's inspired like I
physically seemed setups of people with
the exact same on here they've got ultra
wide in the middle or three aces
monitors 2k arcades and I've seen
someone without with with the put
something up there they haven't put like
a skull they had like an Ironman figure
coming out the wall and it looked
absolutely awesome having that much an
impact to inspire someone to do
something build something like you is
just insane I don't really know what to
change on it if I wants to change
anything I don't I'll probably get new
monitors next like not the ultra wide
these ones I've had these for literally
about three and a half four years but as
the saying goes why change what's not
broken these monitors certainly
absolutely fine to millisecond response
time I can do editing on them like I am
going to get the color spider which
pretty much what you do is you put this
little device on your screen right and
then you install the software what it
does is it like it has a camera on it
and it calibrates the color of the
screens of your monitors and it's
essential for when you're doing like
photography work and video
to make sure that if you're color
grading or color correcting your footage
your video or your folk photos or your
you know you're shooting with raw photos
you want to make sure it's graded
correctly it is 100% key that your
monitors are correctly color calibrated
now the things to do it I like a hundred
quid but I feel like it's worth it soon
as I'm getting a lot more working now
with Mars media and I don't want to be
giving my clients who are paying like I
don't I don't do work like cheaply so I
need to make sure that my work that I'm
producing for my clients is as best
quality as it can be and now that means
me putting some money into the company
myself like buying some equipment for
the company but if that means I have to
do that then I have to do that because I
want to make sure my clients are 100%
satisfied I don't know what I've just
said in the last like two minutes
I've just had a coffee it is one 146
a.m. I've been sat here doing emails for
the last three hours when doubts that
was feeling knack and went downstairs to
get a coffee and I literally feel like
I'm on drugs not that no that feels like
anyway anyway and just feel like I've
got so much energy like they've put so
much coffee in it and it literally if
you are feeling like really tired and
lethargic go make yourself a copy a copy
home and speak I'm speaking so fast go
make yourself coffee you won't regret it
cool I'm gonna end it today's vlog here
I really do hope you guys have enjoyed
weird-ass angles I've got this massive
lens on my phone I put it back on my
phone the moment lens I've been doing
some really wide photos with it like let
me take a photo of you guys look and
then you can see how wide it is there
you go
there it is that's so cool anyway guys
my name's Ben I'll actually guys have
been awesome I'll see you in my next
video adios
Oh
you
