Wow to be fuck
where is literally super windy out here
so I hope you can see me or hear me seem
got this sub here this is jordan's cars
got a little coarser going on and he's
asked me to come put this sub in his car
for him right because he knows that i've
got stuff in mind so he thinks he knows
that I know how to wire them but I don't
really so well which ryan look we've got
cables and stuff we're trying to get
this thing to work okay I've
successfully installed the subwoofer
inside his boot it's on listen to it
I think he's fairly happy with that is
absolutely office tits he loves it goody
vibrates the back of the chair some got
a meeting at quarter past two to sort
out some of my finances and stuff but
George lives on this massive open thing
we'd like a river outside his house I've
got a bit of spare time we're going to
take off the drone
by George thanks a lot man I best be off
but to productive things this morning
zombies installed John's a pee wee flown
the drone landed it successfully got
some cool shots of this over here which
is really cool nice to see young oh my
god it is now half-past three in the
afternoon number one it's really cold in
this room and I don't know why number
two it is super messy we'll get to that
in a second and number three i sat down
at a meeting at quarter past two is now
half-past three I'm frazzled the meeting
was all about tax and money and boring
stuff that I just needed to learn I
needed to get the knowledge of this
right to Tino be able to run a
successful business like my business
miles media that I'm trying to couldn't
trying to set up and like try and get
loads of work in as tough at the moment
what I'm really make tremec success of
this thing make kind of big and because
I'm really passionate about this sort of
stuff and Wow as much as it was boring
it was really interesting but i'll tell
you what is boring clearing up crap on
the floor i need to do this
a poor tweet out about this the other
day and I want to talk about the small
things i'm currently sat at the editing
workstation computers up and running the
m logo is on the pc looks really cool
this morning i have been to see a friend
of mine a friend called Jordan now he
knows that I'm alright with technology
and he knows that I know how to install
a subwoofer into a car therefore we sent
via texting Alex can you come round and
install the sub woofer for me now of
course me being a busy guy I've got
meetings all day I was like yeah of
course I want to come round because they
died is a fun thing to do I love
interacting the other human beings and
we can hang out witness also proof in
your car we'll have a good time doing it
and it'll be chill but it was much more
than that and you were we thinking Alex
how can it how can it be much more than
that well let me explain this to you
right when I touched the two terminals
together were both sat in the car and
the subwoofer in the back fired up full
of base and he heard it his face just
lit up like lit up with enjoyment
excitement it was happy that it was all
working cuz getting a sub woofer to work
with your car is really difficult mind
you and when I come round him from my
actions seeing his response being so
happy and so fulfilling and so he was so
happy that it was working from from what
I done it just made me feel insane now
most people most people wouldn't even
bat an eye to him you know being
obsessed with it working but as I've
talked about before the small things
like that if you learn if you train your
brain to notice these small things life
will be so much better because from
today just me seeing his face light up
because of my actions made my entire day
I was now happy I was happy from them
point on and I'm still very happy right
now even though I've just been in an
hour long meeting and it was really
boring I'm still really happy cool my
computer is all up and running just
didn't led
for that light over here editing PC all
up and running premiers installed
photoshop installed all the editing
things are installed as my watch goes
off again it's now quarter to five I'm
gonna go home God don't you just love
this awesome weather do not think that
now your days are so much longer there's
so much more actual visible light about
the sun is shining and everyone is
genuinely a lot more positive our man
I'd love to go outside and absolutely
love to go outside and go and do
something out in this gorgeous weather
but instead I've got to
yeah yeah yeah yes the trust isn't it
yeah yeah definitely cool car tax
borings errands all out the way all the
borings errands are all done or the
boring errands are odd whoa look at the
grey cloud over there but then it's so
nice over there and then what right guys
I think I'm taking Maria says cinema not
sure what's going on though so i'll see
you in tomorrow's vlog oh yes
okay I just have to show you guys this
why I just mean like just just look just
look like how insane is that
