no very nice fight well as long as long
as as long as you're enjoying yourself
that's the whole point mate yes mate
it's gonna be brilliant good morning
guys how are we were doing my name is
Alex and welcome back to another video
and it's get myself a new battery for
this camera a freshly charged one just
because we're running on fumes
I've been talking to buy it this morning
you guys remember Barney the longtime
subscribers remember Barney my ginger
friend also known as the ginger he is my
best friend and I haven't seen him for I
think maybe just over half a year now
he's currently doing a gap year in
Australia and in July I'm going out
there to Australia to meet him so if I'm
still daily vlogging then which nine
times out of 10 I probably will be we'll
do some more some vlogs in Australia too
with Barney right we need to go
progress the man in this lovely shop has
just been out to take a look at my car
because Maria's mum crashed into the
back of it if you guys remember and I
need to get it repaired because I want
to get a new car very shortly so I need
to get this repaired and it's gonna
email me the quote band which is gonna
cost to repair it hopefully it's not
going to be too much I'm not paying for
it anyway
Maria's mum can pay for the quote
because she crashed into me and it's not
my fault now back home pick up my laptop
and go to my meeting which is just in
here the weather is horrible
I've literally been siting here doing my
emails there's the river there I've got
a coffee it's nice and warm there's
really nice music playing and it's just
so chill and I just feel so cool right
now
little businessman yay there we go
meeting is over sometimes I look at
myself and I'm just like I am such a
ridiculous person like I'm literally I'm
the sort of person that when no one's
around I make a funny noise I'm like let
Beth I'm like what the what am i
doing but then as soon as I get to a
meeting I'm like yeah yeah that can be
doable I can do that for you yes that is
fine your ideas are brilliant and I just
changed I changed into some sort of like
professional little little little thing
and then when I'm on my own a mark left
finished at my meeting a little bit
earlier than I thought I would do so my
mum has come down to my grandma's and
she said you want to come down and see
them and I love seeing it hello well
okay yeah you
but some dire straits on and then for
those of you the don't know what a
turntable does if you flick this hair it
changes the speed look at this look this
is me this is me when I was younger
well no bed when the braces oh my god
that's a worse photo I like that photo
that's a better one still a nob BAE
cynic see how smart my gosh Tyler says
mom says we're on the toilet you told us
here and I'm not even I'm not even big
my mom's the smallest here he's a dwarf
right Cheers grandad see you soon yeah
yeah have you got car problems boys got
any some sort of issue I don't know what
this is but it's come from China what's
in the secret box from China let's find
out what we've got in here look at this
bad boy so this is the ye home camera
1080p HD is pretty much a large circle
but a cheap Chinese ripoff and I wanted
to compare the logy circle to this cheap
Chinese ripoff over on text like so they
said they wanted to send it out and I
was like yeah go for it so that's what
that is let's do that over on tech boy
so in yesterday's video I asked the
tech-savvy a lot of you why this
motherboard wasn't detecting the m2
Drive and all of you said pretty much
all of you said Alex update the BIOS so
I think I'm a think of updating it I
think I think it's doing it boom finally
oh hey I didn't see you there currently
quarter to 11 still in the office been
working I've actually been doing a load
of work up here at my desk and it's
actually been really enjoyable the vibe
in here with all the LEDs on that light
doesn't work but now I actually do like
it I started doing some work that doing
my emails a little bit of Photoshop work
for some clients and I thought ah this
feels weird like I'm not in my normal
space but then as the night got on I've
sort of become accustomed to it and I
really like it finally finally finally
finally this computer is now on and
running it's updating the editing PC
is a go and playing around with that
turntable earlier at my grandparents
house makes me really want to get a
turntable because you can actually get
right you can actually get albums like
Jamie's album you can get like Taemin
parlor on a record you can get grime
record you can get JME you can get like
k know you can get deep house all on
actual records and I thought it will be
really really cool to get one a record
player right there and connect it to the
two Edifier speakers but I know nothing
of the turntable industry don't know
what good ones are that what bad ones
are so if any of you guys know any
decent turntables please let me know oh
yeah the editing desk is all working
brilliant
oh my god oh my god oh my god what I
need to sort out my sleeping schedule it
is now I'll tell you the exact time it
is now 251 a.m. this isn't good I've got
to be up at 9 a.m. in the morning
because I've got a load of stuff to do
tomorrow this week this week in
particular as you guys have seen today
it's been a bit weird well I've got so
much stuff that I've gotta get like
fixed and I've got a big phone calls and
like tomorrow I've got to go to a
meeting about like managing money and
stuff what well I don't understand what
these things are and apparently I've got
to go and do it it's linked to doing my
bank account or something I don't know
but this is the sort of stuff they
should be teaching people in schools how
to manage tax and money and stuff I have
no idea what I'm doing so I've got a
meeting tomorrow and to try and it's
gonna hopefully teach me about tax and
all all things to do with horrible
things that I don't care about and I've
had to do annoying things like go and
get my car sorted out I've gotta get a
new work phone in this phone I haven't
been snapchat and recently because this
phone if I use it for more than five
minutes the temperature warning comes on
what the hell but I'd rather be doing
other stuff is what I'm trying to say
but for now I'm gonna end my Monday's
vlog here even though it's Tuesday and
I'm so tired and I'll see you in my next
video adios
