I'm gonna miss you when when I get rid
of you
mr. Mini afternoon guys how are we all
doing my name is Alex welcome back to
another video
the reason I said it like that is
because I saw a comment in like a video
two days ago and someone said that my
intro sounds really scripted and that's
because it is kinda scripted I say the
same thing every time but I'll try and
keep it a little bit more normal from
now on in the office on Sunday I love
spending Sundays in the office or doing
something productive because most people
aren't Sundays most people sit down do
absolutely nothing on a Sunday and
sometimes I like to do that but most of
the time I feel like you're producing on
Sunday I've got the upper hand on
everyone else because everyone else is
just chilling so this is gonna be the
second comment I'm gonna refer to from
one of you guys the first one being
about my intro the second one being this
someone said to me Alex what's that
what's that cable management that's not
like you at all and they said why don't
you go into the office on Sunday and
sort it out and literally someone type
that in the comments spark that idea
I've driven to the office and I'm gonna
come and sort this out because of that
comment you see how powerful you guys
are like all of us together thinking of
all of these ideas and things to do like
yeah this is why I love the main reason
why I love this vlogging thing
oh my god it's turned off please tell me
you guys saw that Oh guys I've just saw
that my cable management over here that
desk is working fine more on that in a
second
I think this computer's working you
please tell me you saw it on what's it
doing BIOS updating do not shut down Oh
reset the system guys I can get Windows
on this computer I will be over the moon
over the moon check this out this is all
the stuff I've had to go through there's
a motherboard over there right Asus sent
without another motherboard because the
first one it wouldn't post are finally
goes into the Windows install but it's
not recognizing the m-dot to drive for
some reason so that's the next thing we
need to overcome now this here this is
the perfect example for me to talk to
you guys about trial and error
now trial and error is in everyone's
lives and it is it's in every everyday
everyday we always try something and we
are that succeed or we fail and it's as
simple as that
now if you fail I never say to myself I
have failed something because I don't
like to say that I don't like the word
fail if I fail at something if something
doesn't work what I try to do is next
time I do that said think I will work on
what I didn't do that last time I did it
why I failed and try and get myself to
succeed so I'll use the first time as
stabilizer as a stabilizer like on a
bike to help me get to where I want to
be now in this case what I want it to be
was to get this computer up and running
so we could edit some videos on it this
is the editing PC over here now I was
getting so frustrated with it all
because I'm not that good with computers
I know how to build them and I sort of
know what I'm doing I know
I know more than a basic person would
but I'm not like a massive computer head
and when things that work it really
frustrates me and this God this was
frustrating me right but I carried on I
pursued a caring guy went through the
ceilings through the ceilings and now
finally I don't know what I've done but
I've managed to get it to work along
with a load of massive emails from Asus
telling me to do a load of stuff to the
motherboard like read install the BIOS
and stuff but this is a prime example a
prime example of pushing on and carrying
on and not giving up I really won't give
up with this PC because it was so
frustrating I was wasting so much time
when I get this damn PC to work and to
be honest with you guys
it has postponed part three of sorry
part four of the ultimate office so now
it works and the thing is right I feel
so good feels so good that I managed and
managed to convince myself to carry on
going I'm actually computer self to keep
going back to the office every single
day trying something new with this
computer and I've eventually with some
awesome helping the guys over Asus thank
you very very much guys we've got it to
post I just need to get it to recognize
the m2 driver I'm gonna shoot an email
over to Asus now if you guys know why
it's not recognizing it please let me
know but look the office is coming on
leaps and bounds my desk is pretty much
finished is due to get a bulb about
light well it would have crap on the
floor and over here and stuff I've got
some cable trunking I've finally done my
cable cable management now I mean it's a
bit dirty through these bits but doesn't
really matter and it's looking really
really really really cool man we've got
a load of stuff up here
with part four of the ultimate office
hopefully once that's done then we're
all set to go literally this weekend and
I've been like with Maria loads we're
just chilling a lot which is really cool
so I'll try and introduce you guys to
her shortly Oh Jeb broke the steering so
we've just finished up with the dominoes
well I had Toby just had in an Oreo ice
cream I had the the new Ben and Jerry's
switcher finished off playing a game of
League or much rather a few games of
League and I've had the the case having
a rapid fire with a custom League of
Legends team up on it so it has all the
keys mapped out you know the keys that
we need for League and then it turns all
the other keys off now let's talk about
something really quick just before I end
today's vlog and it's something that
I've been a bit seeing a lot of recently
and that is the awesome support on my
social media platforms believe it or not
over on Twitter there's been a load of
you guys and other fellow youtubers that
I know that make really respectable
really enjoyable content tweeting me
saying how much they appreciate me doing
these daily vlogs and how much of an
inspiration it is to them and they say I
don't understand how you can do it
because it takes so much effort to do
daily vlogging and I just want to say
something number one you don't know how
much that means to me that is absolutely
awesome that all of you guys are saying
this sort of stuff and giving me this
awesome feedback I really do appreciate
it it hasn't been a day that literally
hasn't been a day in the last 120 are
days where I haven't physically picked
up some sort of camera or physically
clicked upload to YouTube and that to me
is absolutely mental and I don't quite
know personally how I've done that
without going a little bit insane but
then again I suppose it is just videoing
your life but this is gone of the
of like sitting in and just doing a full
day of netflix and chill' imagine if I
did that for a vlog it would absolutely
suck well to be fair you guys some of
you guys anyway would probably want to
see something like that but yes it's
currently 3:40 a.m. as you can tell I'm
really tired I need to get to bed so I
hope you enjoyed today's vlog you have a
like rating would be brilliant didn't
like it dislike it and let me know in
the comments that came down below
hopefully we can get that office
computer up and running tomorrow with an
OS installed and get the m-dot to drive
to be recognized by the motherboard I
think that's what the problem is but
anyway my name is Ben I you guys have
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video
