componentize how all your doing my name
is of course Alex that's it my glasses
off so you can see the massive bags
currently under my eyes so today we're
actually going up to Middlesboro to
watch Middlesboro play now I've met fans
at these events before and it's like I
have all my family with me at these
events and I don't really include my
family in my videos that much just
because I just don't feel the need but
I've got my dad and my grandma with me
today so hopefully you might see them
and a lot of other family members and
stuff like that that was texture mousse
that Alex you need to be home for half
10 because we're going when we need to
leave at half 10 and I was at Maria's
this morning I did not want to get out
of bed
just finished up a gorgeous meal here
it's really nice a massive massive
massive huge and the stadium is just
over there they could be looking for to
the match mate yeah is that it that all
the audible feedback I'm getting what's
your verdict was gonna be we give it a
kiss come we took it
Oh check out the matte black x6 got some
Range Rovers like actually identify like
here I did the old go for Range Rovers
like there's so many Range Rovers it's
all they have are the matte black jag
I'm not sure if I'm liking that there
you've got the matte black you like the
big cars they're down there to love the
big cars right Wow to be narrow is
nature I was gonna see if I could try
and put my camera down for houses but I
can't so we're gonna have to switch to
the iPhone back in I mean
hook up a ticket
so listen my grandma and I'm still a
merfolk my camp my main cameras in the
car we're gonna go to some food no no
but I talk about that a little bit later
there was a few fans that the little sat
rounders in the in the stadium and they
all came up to me which is absolutely
awesome had some photos which is really
cool but one of them was like looking at
me wasn't it for ages and texting his
mates and I'm just like all right just
come over and ask me for a better life I
love meeting you guys that's brilliant I
absolutely love it right we're going in
it I think you just go sit down because
it's freezing okay maybe not maybe not
here we're back we are not queer give me
a sec to sit down
wait a minute turn around really dead
and and ending and then and then there
we go right I'm in my room was sat back
down we've had a long day been like 200
miles in the freaking car I can't sit
down there we go
ninebot turn off with back home and I
wanna talk to you guys about some
upgrades that I've been doing to the
setup now the bad thing is like it's not
bad really but I've been a bit sneaky
right
I've had this freaking awesome keyboard
which is glowing right now on my desk
I've had it for about a week and I'll
give you a clear we're gonna talk about
it in a second I'll give you a clue I
took this keyboard away from the secret
Corsair event I went to last Thursday
which obviously if you guys want to see
that event it was in a vlog last
Thursday so for those of you that saw
that video I said in that video that I
took away some awesome stuff for myself
and to give away right so yes is a
giveaway coming but the reason I
couldn't tell you guys what it was what
I was taking away and what I was also
giving away is because this was a secret
project it was under what's called an
NDA
which means I'm not allowed to tell you
guys now that NDA expired on the 21st
oh my god my watch is going mental it is
now the 23rd so by the time you guys
seen this it's gonna be the 24th so I'm
allowed to tell you guys about this
keyboard I'm allowed to do it right now
so this is the Corsair k70 rapid-fire
now I know all of you guys give about
Alex I want to enter a giveaway where's
the giveaway link I wanna win this
frickin awesome keyboard well yes the
giveaway is actually currently live
right now over on tech flow so I'll drop
a link to that video if you want to
enter it in the description but this is
my brand-new keyboard the k70 rapid-fire
now the reason why I've you know I've
had it on my desk and I haven't
that secretive about it is because you
are correct it does look identical to
the to last year's k70 so you can't
really tell a difference but this is the
new corsair k70 a rapid fire and pretty
much the reason it's called the case of
a rapid fire is because it's sports on
this keyboard the Cherry MX red switches
but the speed Edition now the speed
Edition means that when you press the
key down you only have to press a key
down one point two millimeters for it to
register and let me tell you guys it's
super super sensitive like insanely
sensitive and these speed switches these
Cho red speed switches are only allowed
to be in this keyboard for the next six
months
so this is an awesome keyboard and I'm
really privileged to have it and I've
had it for a while now so there you go
all the comments have been put to rest
Alex what is that new keyboard you've
got on the desk that is it and it is
freaking awesome I love it they're going
to give you guys a nice little overview
just Dave everything in what Alex you
don't have a mouse mate yeah that's
because I've actually installed this
really cool thing and it's so precise
I've actually got it on top of my
monitor right now and I can control my
mouse with my eyes that's a joke just
round this corner right here I've got
this this brand new Mouse and I only got
it yesterday
Asus rep√∫blica gamer sent it out to me
and it actually sits on this dock right
here as you can see it's sad on a dock
here it is and yes it is a wireless
mouse and I'm not usually a fan of
wireless mice just because of input lag
but this this is insane
talks to the charging dock be its own
protocol its own wireless protocols it's
not bluetooth leggy blue see that saw
its own protocols which talks to that
base which charges the mouse and also
connects to the computer so as you can
see here we go my mouse is currently
working and it sly
and it's so responsive ridiculously
responsive all of this here on the side
these are all bullets oh my god a little
Vega and it's actually RGB as well so
you can change change the color of these
of these buttons here so this is my new
settle this is what I'm testing out and
I want to say a massive thank you
Corsair hooking up with this and asus
rog or came up with this it's called
abyss this is what the mouse was called
but I can't really spa eight ROG sparber
yeah and you can also plug in wired if
you want to as well and I haven't even
installed the software for it yes so one
needs to get that done ASAP but that is
the new peripherals that I'm working
with or testing at the moment for my
desk I just want to address to you guys
like I don't buy any of this stuff I
don't have the money to buy any of this
stuff and I'm not a gamer this is like
gaming equipment and stuff and I don't
really have any time the game because
I'm always doing daily blogs every
single day am either recording with you
guys or I'm in bed editing and I know
that I've got a dark time to game and
that's why I liked it you know when
companies send me products I like to say
you know can you give me another one and
give it away to my freaking awesome
audience I would love so much and yeah
so I don't buy any of this stuff for
those people that think oh this dickhead
is he's absolutely lovely do you like to
show up I don't buy it I don't need it
companies send it to me and I'm like yo
can you give me one to give away as well
tomorrow my audience to love it so
that's the deal for those people that
are like commenting on the ultimate RP
series and how it's been promoted saying
you know this thing is trying to show up
no I'm just trying to make cool videos
literally and you guys know I've been
watching me for a while now we're trying
to do at least one giveaway among one
giveaway a month so this week's giveaway
all this month's giveaway rather is this
keyboard the k70 rapid-fire brand-new
unreleased and yeah we're giving it away
over at the YouTube channel tech flow so
I'll put a link to it in the description
go over and sub to it if you want to win
that giveaway click on the video and
enter the gleam link in the description
did you say your rooms revolting do you
want to make you to make you an awesome
set up like Alex's with an Xbox so you
can play xbox maybe maybe in a few
months time if
you save up your pennies we can buy you
an Xbox and make you a little gaming
setup have you saved up a hundred pounds
already how long is it taking you to
save a hundred pounds has that been all
your life so far is that all your life
probably Wow
well well the new for not buying loads
of chocolate and sweets so guys I've
enjoyed today's video if you have it
smash it with a like rating I would
really really appreciate that if you
didn't like it smack it dislike it let
me know why in the comment section down
below I hope all of you guys have had a
fantastic Saturday I have other than the
score today look at the game but again I
hope all of you guys were right and if
you're not feel free to tweet me but for
now - Ben Alex this bit my brother Jacob
and we'll see you in tomorrow's vlog
Eddie House you have to say bye now and
then and then you have to and then you
have to put your hand up to that like
that
Oh your
