perhaps indefinitely rescan good morning
guys how are we all doing my name is of
course Alex and welcome to another daily
vlog we're slowly but surely running out
of New York bagels in the household
which isn't good we've got four plus one
makes five we ran out of bagels we need
to get more bagels want to talk about
something real quickly because I've been
getting a lot of tweets from you guys I
get them all the time
and they're about motivation and trying
to do things let me check on my phone
right now and scroll down my Twitter
feed okay hey Sean here's one from Sean
Smith and he said hey Alex you are a
inspirational person but I need your
help motivating me to become a filmmaker
since that's my dream job well it's not
my job to do that but let me try and
help you out
if you're telling me that filmmaking is
your dream job it's something that you
strive to do it's something that you
really want to do it's your life career
it's what you want to do with your life
you love it that much you want to
dedicate your life to it you shouldn't
have to be asking someone else to
motivate you to do that thing but I can
totally sympathize I can totally
sympathize and to sympathize to show my
sympathy I'm going to tell you guys
something which I wasn't otherwise
really going to tell you so doing this
YouTube thing right here right now is
exactly what I'm doing this is my
passion filming I absolutely love it to
the bottom of my heart but the other day
Monday it actually got the better of me
on Monday a Sunday and Monday I was in
like seriously seriously dark place I'm
not gonna go I'm not gonna go into
details of that because I don't need to
but trust me I was on the verge of
getting counseling because it was all a
little bit dark in my head
and yeah that's why I sympathize because
this is my dream thing why should I be
thinking these thoughts in my head and
personally I didn't know that was why I
was striving to go and get counseling
because I needed some help to sort out
my brain no one can get their brain to
do exactly what they want it to do we're
all human and we are only human and that
is the thing that you need to overcome
but if it's your passion and you want to
do it you need to work for it
in to strive for it and dude I'm sure
you'll get there in the end
listen to this you've got to find what
you love and that is as true for work as
it is for your lovers your work is going
to fill a large part of your life and
the only way to be truly satisfied is to
do what you believe is great work and
the only way to do great work is to love
what you do if you haven't found it yet
keep looking let me tell you guys though
I'm absolutely fine right now in myself
but if you want to do something with
your life just go and do it just do it
don't even think about it suggest not
thinking about it and this is what Jeff
wants to do with his life just swag
about on a nine bar all his life super
proud I was not a bad quite cool job
your swagging about to do so well on
that nine bar
I mean on in words before I haven't been
out in ages the thing is with this work
ways like you get them for the first few
months and they're like that they're
absolutely brilliant and then they just
become like a bit of a gimmick just
another one of those things in it
weren't it that bit to be there that
thing is absolutely brilliantly apart
from here Jen's pretty useless applying
this thing so
and then because the thing is that I've
only ever flown drones when I've been
like trying to get like some shots and
video and stuff for you guys and for
external clients and bits and bobs like
that and this is a drone where you can
let you just just fly is only purpose is
to fly it for fun and that's what why
it's so different I think
arrive in the obvious and we have well
my computer within a video on it the
tech flow which went down really well
just gotta read it back so I can put my
computer back there now but we have the
desk that we brought in yesterday's
video from Ikea looking at that now let
me show you guys looking at this bottom
bit of wood right here that's meant to
fit in there but I'm not sure if it will
or not well drink it just if it just
fish
we might have to sore it down so what
you're saying is if the desk goes like
there go above this it's just literally
about that far it's just literally that
far off down there as you can see so if
we can get the desk this bit of wood to
go about this a bulge estable with these
two standard things
all right guys have built the desk as
you can see what do you think he looks
for edge think it looks better from the
rooms perspective for it to be there or
or you have it there beside them that
way or that way I don't know what's
going on someone's connected Bluetooth
Li here's a blue light on the lunar
eclipse is my computer is not even
plugged in and they just making noise
it's like there's some ones connectors
their computer to them Bluetooth Li in
this room in this building I think quite
like that desk though it's really nice I
imagine just like your wireless
bluetooth mouse and keyboard and just
hmm like here just like it tells you to
do that like why would you do that
in all honesty they're like it's just
it's just a nice desk visually to look
at just getting the positioning of it
right and getting the piece of wood to
stay in place on the top we think about
this sort of may well come up with
something to figure out I'll figure it
out guys we'd like some feedback there
in the comment section down below that'd
be wicked if you are architectural e
your brain likes architecture you know
where this break we're waiting desk
should go let us know down in comment
section below
was that alright nice little run right
now I'm gonna pack up and ship out the
day by the bay it's in a bit my boat
doing the Casey wave he's doing the
Casey wave he's off so Jed is going to
catch his train now I am I am going home
all of this look hate it when people
leave litter in my car man so we're
slowly making changes which is
absolutely awesome we've got wait let me
stop my Gorillapod out here but our cool
plan for in the corner which is
brilliant I'm really likely I love
waking up in the morning seeing the
scene the fake the fake leaves
we've bought the desk for the editing
workstation now all I've really got left
to do is sort out the the editing
station computer which is still failing
to post and I don't know what's
happening and it's driving me insane so
I'm gonna head to the office tomorrow
I've got some time tomorrow to have a
look at it with you guys I need to pack
this bag because I am heading over to
Maria's this evening to spend the
evening with her just to chill and just
just chillax and wind down because today
is Friday and Friday is all about
winding down and reflecting on what
you've done in the week or the positive
things that happened embrace them and
all the negative things that have
happened look at them and think right
that happened how can I improve that
where's Gwendolyn show me Gwendolyn the
brown one right the back what's the
white one called oh it's got blue on it
yes she baby you can see a baby oh my
god it's moving
what is it moving the baby oh my god
that's crazy
I've got an issue was it sound like
they're angry it's angry it's going to
we've got an issue
