get out my room woman what are you doing
in my room woman we need to go now
what what made you have left in my
humble abode
choose your five thousand pairs of shoes
it is nice where there isn't it
massive good morning to you all how are
you all doing my name is Alex and
welcome back to another video
yesterday I was thinking to myself I'm
not gonna be able to make a video today
because my back is gonna be so bad and
I'm gonna have to sit in bed and there's
gonna be no content but I've been to the
doctors I've just taken Mary home and
been to the doctors and yesterday they
said to me don't sit down you need to
move your back you need to keep it
moving so I went out last night into
town with some friends to make sure I
was moving at night in bed being on my
own so I went to the doctor's this
morning after dropping Maria off again
and they have said your back is insane I
has made an insane recovery like
absolutely insane and I can feel it too
like oh I thought I can't feel it yeah I
rephrase that I can't feel it like it
doesn't feel bad anymore I feels a
little bit bad feels a bit twitchy but
it's nowhere near as bad as it was
yesterday and look I've got my I've got
my shorts on the Sun is out it's an
absolutely gorgeous day today just going
to pick up Jed now and we're gonna go
and record some tech flow videos and
just have a good time in this awesome
I'm so awesome whether I'm so happy guys
I haven't been this happy in a while
he's just calling me now and I've just
arrived at his house and he's calling me
yeah dude you're right yo are you I'm
just really stuck in traffic mate we're
about this little place called your
driveway traffic's really bad
I'm coming in I'll say in a sec when you
go somewhere you have to go all out on
everything
hey there we go finished up the sub E
sub got this like this one - easyacc
again
what are you doing these are you know
easier send me some headphones which we
reviewed on Tech flow like two weeks ago
we did a really cool review on them and
I sent it to easyacc and I was like look
Jade really likes the headphones because
he didn't look them did you
and I was like can you send him out a
paries a little bit so much and you're
literally loving it so the rundown for
today was meant to be as follows got
Moreira go to the doctors pick up Jed
get back here for court loads of tech
flow videos and then chill for the rest
of the evening
it's now the evening and we have done
none of that but on bright side car
puzzles open write-ups I've delivered
this is warning came knocking on the
door when I was trying to chill in bed
like Molly yeah clearly knocks we've
gotta get up and go see the UPS man
through what is signature
say wait here we go hits is ready
drumroll it's a mouse I'll give you out
so far
ready ready 3 2 1 this is the new
wireless mouse from Asus and it's
apparently according to my Robo Asus got
all the bells and whistles on it 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 12 buttons insane and
it's wireless Lola she it has like a
case and how the doc I think because
it's wireless on it you plug it into the
dock
yeah there's this little charging pad oh
my god that is so so cool we didn't
review on that then soon Jedi so you
know hey go throw it up yeah right okay
but I'll go and play it back in yeah
well I believe she got wide hear my
voice then hey the whistle
yeah I've literally got 11 percent
battery left on my camera but the funny
thing is that's probably the third
battery that we've used in the series of
recordings we've recorded like five no
four no three four three three or four
tech flow videos the room right now is a
state we have got my computer down there
the obvious one we've done a dedicated
video on this machine I'm gonna actually
turn it off before I pick it up go over
to the hard drives are spinning
yeah it's dedicated video on what this
PC is and all about my office and
computer be really interested to see
actually what is more powerful my PC
that's here foamies or my piece at the
office because they've got the same
graphics card GPU same processor just
got a different motherboard which is
actually it's got more RAM interesting
yeah let's see what's more powerful I
don't know I don't know but yeah
everything that everything is a mess we
finished up recording a few videos we've
got a really cool giveaway coming up for
tech flow so if you're not subscribed to
tech flow make sure you go and subscribe
to it because waivers in this bag and
this box is gonna be given away and it's
gonna be sick it could be yours we
didn't do the I'll got a video it's
really late I've got myself some bagels
and some Nesquik hot chocolate literally
the best combination for food initially
so it just just is if you guys haven't
tried bagels before what was the New
York bagel company that's it New York
bagel company you have to get those
bagels give them a go if you don't like
him then I'll personally come and slap
you
we've literally been messing around with
this I absolutely love it so guys - me
Alex I hope you've enjoyed today's video
if you have then it would be sick if you
could leave a wicked awesome
like rating what we're gonna do is we're
gonna do some cool stuff sorry let's go
chill out with the desk I'd take off get
started take off the drone he's taking
up
but I'm gonna end it today's vlog here
guys I hope you have enjoyed I think
what you've done this week have a like
rating would be awesome and I'll see you
in my next video
taking away yet ah
guys this isn't good like this isn't
good
