a lot of people say Alex you live in
England why do you why do you spend the
time cleaning your car in the winter
soon as you take out on the road it's
gonna get dirty it's a nice thing to own
something especially a car just take
pride in it enjoy it clean it
look after it so as you guys know I like
everything to be very clean and very
together I've always told you guys about
my entire career on YouTube that the
work that you create is reflected by the
workspace that you created well it's
nice to take care of things it really is
it shows good quality but I'm I'm
disappointed in something I'm
disappointed in myself and I want to
show you this today
so this is my garage and I dominate this
place now I am in a really really tricky
situation because well next year I get
my own house as you guys know we're
building it at the moment and in the
house I'm gonna have a garage and a lot
of my own space but I just have so much
stuff in here I mean there's this mono
Rovers swag ways expensive swag ways I
mean this gaming laptops radios for my
networking company smoke machine
probably the biggest Bluetooth speaker
you've ever seen toolboxes all my tools
there's honestly that much stuff in here
it drives me crazy and this room used to
be a functional gaming set until the
project to die I do want to resurrect
this room at some point but it's not
gonna be happening for quite some time
because I own far too much too much
stuff so I am at Maria's house or
morning we have been planning well new
different designs for the merchandise
scene as well my girlfriend Maria has a
lot more design elements to her brain
than I do mind sort of more on the video
aspect of things and she's good at
design and taking still images so I'm
using her for help
you must finally know that I've launched
the merch store and if you haven't
ordered your merch go down to the
description order it right now if you
want to get it for Christmas presents
for people or you want it just before
Christmas because postage around
Christmas gets really really hectic it
went live guys a couple of days ago I
have ordered mine yes I've ordered my
own merch hopefully it's gonna be coming
in the next few days guys I'll put the
link in the description but here is the
merch site and my favorite one that I
have ordered is the vertical hoodie love
that doesn't that just look comfy the
reason is has taken so long by the way
guys it's because well these jumpers and
the shirts that I'm that they're actual
branded by me where do you click on the
shirt to look at it I see the label in
there it actually says Mars on it this
isn't just some random teespring thing
guys this is actual top quality branded
merch now I've ordered a hell of a lot
of this merch and I'm gonna store it
under the bed so I can wear it I wanted
a load of stuff it's just not gonna fit
in here but I keep all of my pure box
stuff that you guys send under the bed
so these look like Chinese hell is that
oh I think I know what this is in the
famous words of Peter Griffin
buttscratcher
buttscratcher ear - butt scratcher here
buttscratcher
SketchUp butt scratcher wow this is a
big one in the world Disney frozen Anna
girls - to dress princess costume 5 to 6
years no no I'm not doing it I'm not
doing it I think it's literally cutting
off the circulation to my part for God's
sake dear Alex mere my sister Stacey
look up to you please give us a shout
out for the chout out please say McQueen
95 and Stacey well shout outs of a queen
and Stacey thanks for the awesome
drawing Oh candy kay
dear Alex Brookes my name is keep
private I'm 17 years old and I live
exactly 700 and I've been watching your
content constantly for over
years straight now I just wanted to let
you know how much you inspire me dude
looks like you've decided to buy your
first DSLR and document your first
summer vacation row I'm so glad I can't
inspire so many of you out there to go
out and do absolutely awesome things
with your lives honestly life is exactly
what you make it I think I seen as it
actually is at Christmas I don't want to
be bar humbug and wear this jumper so I
thought the best I could do guys was
wear a Christmas jumper so it's a well
it's Santa Claus it's Center holding a
bazooka is that Christmas enough I don't
even know all I know is I need to get in
the car and go and pick up Jed eater
we've got so guys I bought Jada back to
the office we are here it's a tech club
evening today we're working hard
speaking of tech flow Jed I've changed
some of the room up there bro do you
want to see it this is the Jed POV cam
he turns his camera round you should be
able to see exactly what Jed sees things
I've seen the temanite I've seen like
bits and bobs but not the fern and like
the finish you don't always like to be
in there how clean it is and how much it
just works okay Barry mine this is tech
flow on a budget sick it's so good still
these little things here it's cool isn't
it cool so if I get this and I plug this
into the big camera and then you give it
a second Wow come on look at the
microphone cable as well out of the way
I know that was one of the main problems
there's a microphone and no light cables
this is sick
it's so good it's so good at it we
maximized big time
and there we go
three hours of work done so after that I
need to drive Jed all the way back home
but before I take him home we're gonna
go we're gonna go do something do
something that involves me him his
camera and my car
it's a starry night tonight so here we
are guys we have pulled up at the mini
garage luckily enough it's in between my
office and Jed's house and as you can
see there's a little whippersnapper
outside he said to me that he wanted to
take a picture of my car so guys what
I'm gonna go ahead and do is overlay the
photo now and you guys can tell me if
you like it or not I'm it's Jed I'm sure
it'll be really really good three two
one one bro so is guys about minus three
outside right now
degrees Celsius Murray and I are gonna
go outside and we are going to try and
take some photos of me with the Stars
just to see if we can and not short the
stock of is looking like tonight but it
is extremely cold so I'm thinking that
there's gonna be very little clouds but
I'm not sure yet so guys I'm Aquarius
I'm gonna spending the rest of my
evening here I all of you guys are okay
if you're not guys feel free to hit me
up on Twitter as usual guys stay loose
and keep smiling watch yesterday's video
here click Subscribe if you're not
already and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog
