ah ah guys this isn't good like this
isn't good
rut literally you know you know I'm
finished the office and I did all the
IKEA stuff at the office on the weekend
for part three of the olden office right
I put oh I felt my back really hurting
after I put all of it I kissed a foot
but I thought nothing of it and I've
literally just been putting this nut you
can see you see these two blinds here or
up and this one's halfway up I was just
finishing put putting the blind up and
something something something's gone in
my back I'm gonna have to go to A&E I
mean absolute agony I'm in absolute
agony I literally can't move right I've
taken two painkillers I've taken two
pain kit killers I can't go to A&E
because they said they can't do anything
for me ah I don't know what to do no I
appreciate that thank you very much okay
cheers speech soon thank you bye that
was the chiropractors they can't fit me
in because they're fully booked
okay so I can't go and see a
chiropractor I can't go to A&E because
they can't do anything all I've been
doing is I've taken some painkillers and
I've been sat on this massage chair and
I think well what I don't think it's
definitely helped but it still really
hurts like it still really hurts but
there's one thing this blog channel has
dot ah I can't move my arm just gonna
leave it down here there's one thing
this vlog channel has taught me over the
past 120 are days that we've done this
every day is that we can't give up let's
go and just go downstairs and have a
look at some things okay we've got this
okay so this is the eve and it monitors
your air humidity temperature and the
air quality in your house
we've got some of the stuff down here as
well which arrived this morning I am on
so many painkillers right now so I
apologize if I seem a little bit slow
slower than I usually seem I think we'll
look at that our Gatto evening tomorrow
if my back is better because I've got a
wire up to my home network and I don't
feel like climbing I open to the home
network thing at the moment but let's
just see what we've got in here
Oh finally it's arrived okay yeah that
was an absolute fail nothing is working
for me at the moment why I think I've
sort of managed to fix my microphone if
you guys look in here and yeah I think I
think I'm sort of almost managed to fix
it our cameras got a focusing yeah guys
watch this you ready now laughs it's how
your boy Mars puts his frickin jeans on
the back I don't know if this is a good
idea but I'm gonna go to the office you
guys know I hate not doing anything with
my day I hate not being productive
neeli Alex your back is absolutely
shagged just chill but now I can't do
that such an absolutely gorgeous day
today as well sucks that my back is in
such a bad state I'm pretty sure it was
me putting this unit up here above my
desk that did my back in I'm pretty sure
of it right I need to get this
motherboard and the editing computer
built so I'm just gonna time-lapse oh
okay
still can't get it to boot it still
won't boot why I've even gone ahead and
put a different GPU in which is the
graphics card and still not there I'm so
confused right I'm going to go home
because my back my back is starting to
absolutely wreck guys I'm gonna go ahead
and end this video here just because I'm
literally in absolute agony this is the
worst pain I've felt in such a long time
and the thing is it's not all down my
back I'm probably gonna go to the
hospital tomorrow again see if they can
sort me out I'm just gonna go now have a
hot bath take some painkillers and try
and rest up so I apologize if there's no
video tomorrow hopefully hopefully I'm
better and there should be but there's
this you know point we didn't videos my
back's like this because I can't do
anything just can't do anything and it's
gonna damage me more and the longer one
trying to do stuff so apologies if
there's no b.s tomorrow and I'm sorry
today's video sucked ass because my back
oh God
hope lens meet you guys on Twitter adios
