7:47 am I'm up I'm about this is killing
me a little bit I don't know if you can
hear me right now because I've been
rushing about this morning that much my
microphone is in worse for wear shape
it's pretty much in like two pieces
right now from watching the vlog for the
last few days you'll know that all of my
friends mistreat my equipment and
someone broke my microphone but
hopefully hopefully you can hear me
hopefully it is working it's quarter
past seven right now got all my gear in
the car all of my filming gear I'm about
to drive an hour and a half to this
place where they want a video it's a
garage like a car garage and they want
me to do a promotional video for them
and they said to me can you get there
for 9:00 a.m. and I live about an hour
and a half away and I was like yeah sure
I'll I can make it for that time and
yeah I shouldn't have said that because
now about to get up right now about to
get up a ridiculously early time and I
can't really function right now but
nevertheless yes I hope all of you guys
are okay and I'm gonna go and do a
promotional video today we should be
fairly won't which should be fairly fun
excuse me love quick question would you
like to drive any slower please drop a
little bit sorrowful
oops link okay I have arrived I am about
an hour late literally an hour late
traffic was terrible
literally terrible milk one sugar please
there we go car driving that car control
and I can see what it sees on the street
don't mean email when you when you've
got some ideas together well yeah cool
right very confusing I know but this is
a voxel car garage and they're in the
middle of absolutely nowhere
look this mass of cars it's mental
pretty much what they want is a video to
tell people that they're actually here
because it's in the middle of nowhere
when I was on my way here I thought my
sat-nav was like lying to me but
obviously not I'm here so by the sounds
of it they want like a few videos doing
for their website and they've also said
to me if you want we can give you a few
electric cars and you can do some videos
on them for tech flow and like talk
about the electric features nice this is
some of their cars I've got Wi-Fi in the
miles like what okay I think I'm gonna
do is take off the drone actually
yeah gonna take off the drone they do it
inside though was it Wow
that was really interesting I haven't
had any solid work in a while while I'm
talking work work and these guys want to
use me for long term projects this is
sick okay now it possibly looks like I
am gonna have the money to keep
upgrading the office they literally want
a lot of video a month a video from me
but every month
finally oh that was a good morning a lot
of good things came out of this morning
and I like it when good things happen
all the people at the car dealership
were really nice really inviting and
really friendly to talk to and I like
that they are good qualities in people
look at this like a proper mashed up my
hand see that that's horrible isn't it
it's
well cutscene in like a madman
I swear to God whenever I like start
talking to my camera I get a text it's
just inevitable let's open this and I
don't know what it is but I got this
I bought this card reader just because
the other one was crap and obviously
doing these daily vlogs like I need a
good fast card reader because I'm always
taking footage off this camera off your
guy's eyes to come up to my laptop so
for if it still works I'll buy myself a
car - yeah this is something for the
office these are really cool if you
haven't heard of these right
these are awesome like these save my
bacon especially if you like good
lighting let me show you why me pretty
much right they control these things
these little these things they're up
there all plug together and they're all
numbered right so what you do is you
plug this in your wall you plug your
lamp into this and then you can turn it
on/off with this remote so it works for
LEDs and stuff like that that's what
it's for it's for like Elliott I use
them for LEDs in my desk lamps and stuff
number one on and off and then plug
number one and then hopefully if I tilt
you guys up a little bit like like so
right the reason I've told you guys up a
little bit is now hopefully you can see
the LEDs up there so now if I click
number one hey turn them off can you
guys see that is it actually can use it
but before we saw on even in this office
you have to try and like climb up these
things but these things are really cool
but you can buy them anywhere I think
these what I bought these off eBay and
yeah I'll try dropping some in the
description Nick Whalen Amazon eBay
they're just like wireless remote
control plug sockets and that's all
they're called about 20 quid but
so call the super LEDs because then you
know you can just you don't you don't
have to point it you can just do it
wherever so it's really cool
oh I've been in here working for the
last two hours it's time to go home I'm
running on caffeine while I'm literally
about to die yo guys what is this
this is arrived at home again darvany
clue what it is I love these mystery
unboxings what were you thinking of
doing though is like saving all of these
packages for like one video in the week
and I wish I could tell you guys my peer
box I can't tell ya it's so annoying I
can't tell you this alright
don't open it up yet here it is you can
open up another few weeks I'm like why
but yeah I don't know whether to like
save all my packages in there like in
one video a week one video a week like
you should open the packages and stuff
okay
this is the old gateau is it el gato is
it I don't notice a gato the eve evening
even wireless indoor sensor measures the
air quality the temperature and the
humidity don't really see how that is
useful but we'll have to set it up in
some murrow's vlog now how about a
shower and bowler evening to unbox I'm
gonna win today's vlog here because I'm
absolutely shattered and I'm finding it
really really hard to keep my eyes open
and function so if you guys have enjoyed
a like rating would be awesome and I'll
see you in tomorrow's what we're doing
tomorrow
didn't what we do in supply but have to
go out and do something cool but for now
- bollocks
you smiling be happy and I'll see you in
the next video adios
