cool right oh yeah just having me last
night do it really appreciate it man
yeah
I absolutely love seeing friends that
you haven't seen for I'm gonna say like
the best part of a few years and it's
just like chilling with them for one
night it's just like really cool getting
to where you building connections it's
cool is what I'm trying to say but I
really need a shower
there's a bee in here there's a bee just
there and he won't leave and I don't
know I don't want to touch him he's just
gonna sting me isn't if I touch it I
can't do that sunday sunday sunday
sunday is probably no it is my worst day
of the week for many reasons actually
it's my worst day of the week but the
main one is because it's so boring like
what are you doing just chicken this is
what normal people do on a Sunday Oh
back here again my desk right you guys
don't know this yet my desk well you do
know he's currently finished right
pretty much pretty much there and I
think maybe I'm gonna show you it in
this video just maybe just maybe there
we go I've gone ahead and bought a lot
of stuff with me to fill up this little
cupboard here because I want to put some
stuff in it and make it look pretty cool
now I am gonna show you guys my desk in
this video but before we do that I want
to go ahead and show you guys through
this because a lot of you have been
asking me to do so so this is like an
LED kit from Ikea and it's called the
diode my camera wants to focus which it
won't and yeah it comes in this little
box there about 30 quid you get this
little control pod you get four lights
and a UK plug yeah all you guys have
been saying I spy I wanna check it out
so I've actually got them behind my
monitors right now but I'm not gonna
show you guys that just yet what I'm
actually gonna do with this is install
them in this cabinet so let's see how
I'm gonna do this so here's the
controller and there's some sticky pads
yeah and I'm actually going to go ahead
and put two of these lights so we're
gonna have one and I'm gonna put one of
them above the PlayStation 4 so it
shines down on to the ps4 and I'm going
to put one of them above the Xbox one so
it shines down onto top of the Xbox one
like that and then what I can do is push
these cables out the back of the unit
and as you can see as maybe you can't
see now we have only these so now as you
can see the ps4 and Xbox one have got a
blue glow and then there's actually a
little blue glow coming up either side
of the speakers and you've got that
whole little control pod where you can
just change it and do in there just do
what you want with it I think that is
really cool but it's a bit expensive so
I know you guys been waiting for this
for a long time and I apologize again I
haven't done my hair today I wanted to
give it a day off if you're new to these
videos I usually have my hair up and I
have a lot of gunky gel in it and
sometimes I just like to leave it like
that just you know do you guys really
want to see my desk Robin so many I put
a picture up on Twitter right so if
you've been on my drama Twitter or your
my snapchat I like to give these people
unlike my other social medias a little
bit of an advantage so if you're not
following the under the social medias
get yourself on my snapchat my Twitter
my facebook because they get it all
first right so this is my desk nose
light
just installed over there right I've got
another one of those controllers just
here and that actually controls about
their little zoom in here for you guys
don't wanna spoil anything just yet can
you see that light changing there behind
the monitors that is courtesy of this
little ting here so this is my desk now
excuse the fact that this light isn't on
and when you guys watch the actual video
of me building all of this part 3 you'll
soon you'll know that yeah we had a
complication with getting that light to
work but yeah this is it we've got the 2
LG ultra wide the ultra wide curb
monitors not quite 4k but they're better
than 1080p so both edify and lunar
eclipse speakers right there either side
you need to get this freaking light to
work when you watch part 3 you'll notice
that it's not me just putting monitors
on the desk and putting the computer and
there's actually a lot more to it than
that and I want to try and explain it
and give you guys a bit of background
before you watch the main video so the
things you need to be watching out for
in the main video are as follows and
they're all the small things remember
guys we've talked about this before and
everything even in life it's always the
little things that mean the most so as
you can see here as with the speaker's
add images have the cable running off
the back to the back of the desk well
I've actually gone ahead and done is
drilled holes behind the speaker so the
cable can just fall straight through and
there you go so you don't see any cable
going off to the back of the desk which
makes a speaker look Wireless and these
things speed these speakers look really
cool as they are but if I go like that
as you can see there's just no wires no
wise at the same same with the monitors
as well you can't see any cables granted
I do need to sort out this computer and
all of these cables are bare I do have
some cable trunking I promise you I've
bought some it's up there so yeah there
we go that is my desk now I'm pretty
proud of it I think it's really cool but
for now guys there you go just need to
get that light working it really ruins
it for me this is one of the reasons why
I didn't want to show you guys just
because this frickin light isn't working
and it's so annoying but a lovely thing
I love about these vlogs is that like we
can literally go back and just see what
this room started out like and how it's
now finished look at the curb
two of those monitors their insane army
farfel of its said to me loosen right
it's Florence I just stay tight we have
to
stay with me while we need to worry just
Philly
ah flying that drone is literally the
only thing at the moment anyway I like
flying that drainage takes so much
stress like this the only thing I really
really really enjoy doing well I'm
contrite at the moment right in my life
and I need to talk to you guys about
this because this vlog is about what we
do on the channel and I'm being affected
at the moment by a lot of things now
there's only my friends watching this
it's cool I'm not bothered but like I'm
like I never stop and thing is I don't
like the thing is I've got this thing in
my brain right well I can't not be doing
something like either start up this vlog
I was like I hate some days because some
days are boring and you sit there and do
nothing and now I'm here complaining
that I do too much and I can't find a
good medium like I just can't find a
good medium I never stop like here's an
example I've been needing to clean my
shoes for three days now haven't found
time to do it have not found time to
clean my shoes procedure takes about
five minutes to clean the produce I even
set a reminder on my phone to remind me
to clean my shoes last night but I was
doing something else that was more
important and I just it's just crazy
stuff going on if you guys have got any
like tips on time management then I'd
absolutely love you guys to let me know
but I'm actually gonna go take my
brother to the cinema right now so I'm
gonna end this vlog quote short here and
go to the cinema so I'll see you guys in
wait a minute you guys like this I've
got some my actual client work to do
tomorrow I've got a drive like two and a
half hours and I gotta get up really
early drive two and a half hours I'm
going to do some client work which
should be really fun so I bring you guys
with me in tomorrow's vlog but for now -
Ben I like you guys have been wicked I
hope you like my desk if you've got any
tips as well let me know and yeah I'll
see you in my next video hope everyone
is a-okay and everyone's smiling and
being positive yes
guys all of this here let me try and
show you all of this here on the side of
his microphone was full-on absolutely
just broken I couldn't find any glue to
try and fix it so instead what I did was
lit a candle and melted the plastic and
melted it back together hopefully is not
gonna break because today I'm recording
part three
