guys all of this here let me try and
show you all of this here on the side of
this microphone was full-on absolutely
just broken I couldn't find any glue to
try and fix it so instead what I did was
lit a candle and melted the plastic and
melted it back together hopefully is not
gonna break because today I'm recording
part three Oh fields an office I thought
I'd try and let you go I thought I'd try
and let you guys know something as well
I'm currently I've got the live stream
like that the the twitch livestream
playing here and I'm currently recording
it to my computer hard drive so I can
upload it to YouTube literally the thing
I've been getting the most on Twitter
recently in the YouTube comments it's
not Alex can i watch the live stream are
you gonna upload it and yes as the
answer to that is gonna go on Mars bar
and the whole live tree was gonna be
uploaded in one video which is pretty
cool so the people that missed it you
can still watch it right here's a bit of
behind the scenes for you of the
ultimate office I'm sweating like mad
because I can't for the life of me get
this to rest on there
I swear down IKEA stuff is the crappiest
like alright so annoying and on top of
that I ordered two two of these lights
wants to go one side of my desk then
want to go the other oh how many did I
get one two three four five six
oh so Alex you're complaining again
about getting more than you ordered well
no not really as long as they have a
charge before it one of them wanna lose
come smushed in this nice so if you're
asking me what it's like behind the
scenes of making an ultimate office
video freaking stressful but I ordered
these things from I care these are
pretty cool the like color changing
light things I've got two of them so
they should be quite cool to mess around
with but I need to try and get this
stupid thing on this stupid ah oh you
ready for this oh my I've actually got
this thing on the wall oh my god I'm so
happy there is just far too much mess in
here right now and
can't really deal with all of this I
don't know what to do next tighten this
up or do the entertainments done I think
I'm gonna do the entertainments down
just get it out the way oh my god those
things that look at the mess just look
at all of the mess everywhere it's
absolutely mental and I am starving tell
you what
lookie there's a subway over the road
otherwise then while be doing there we
go it's currently half past 7 quarter to
8 and I've just finished only just
finished recording part three of the
ultimate office like I've been in here
all day my back absolutely kills put me
together I kiss if I put this thing
together doing all of this not gonna
show you guys too much of that because
you know ruining it for the actual main
video itself and zooming in here so you
guys can't really see but it sucks that
I don't have the balls for this light
and I've only got it for this one
otherwise things would be a lot more
sexual but that's pretty cool I put my
Elgato things in in this cycle but I'm
not sure what I'm gonna put in this one
just yeah but I'm gonna get some lights
of much rather I've already got some
lights they're gonna go in here right my
back now is killing me everything is
killing and it's a food I need a drink
and I need to go and do something
therapeutic because like my brain is
frazzled from all of the stuff I've done
today I haven't stopped for one second
I'll tell you what today has been
extremely stressful not stressful just
hard my back really hurts and it just
feels so rundown after daylight I just
haven't stopped where's that drone
oh yeah and just find flying the drone
so therapeutic like just getting it up
there and just looking at the scenery
what's around what it's actually around
you if you think about it you're just
like a small little dot it's a tiny
little dot on this globe and with this
device you can physically take up to the
sky and you see exactly what's around
you and that is something that I just
find incredible brilliant right I've had
a coffee and I'm feeling a lot better
now honestly today have been mental and
you may not see Matt you may think Alex
you haven't done much in today's vlog
but you don't understand
from like one o'clock today up until
like half-past seven eight o'clock
tonight but it was the full day I've
been lifting making IKEA stuff putting
things on walls building still doing the
video doing part three of the ultimate
office and it has physically and
literally drained me literally strained
me I've feel said honestly I haven't
felt like this in a while
my eyes just feel like blue still
haven't cleaned out this room here I
need to get that done the thing is with
this room though I want to do something
really cool with it I want to redo it
make it all tidy but have everything I
have a place to do like some shelves and
have it all that all my camera's all on
shelves and stuff make it really really
really cool so that can be a project
that we can do in the future if you guys
have got any like these ideas of what we
could do in this camera room let me know
the room over there this one is it's
fine really this is that my charging
station for batteries consoles am Sonos
an Apple TV quite as overexposed my
computer is there just chilling just
chilling absolutely fine and then I've
got loads more back to charge down here
load a crap load of boxes and all my
clothes this room's fine just needs to
sort out this one it is a mess and as
far as the bedroom upgrade is coming we
did this side that's fine everything
else has been put on kind of like a
whole I want to do something with with
with this soon I want to want to sort
like this desk out make this a little
bit more accessible to technology
whilst still maintaining the clean form
factor that this desk is well pretty
much famous for all right so as far as I
can understand a long time ago
suncream wasn't the thing right so we
used to put things stuff on your face
which took away the sensation of burning
but it didn't stop the burning thus
we're suncream so my friend Alex Powell
has invited me around tonight
perfect timing really because you guys
know how stressful today has been like
trying to get the ultimate self and
stuff all recorded and finished for you
guys and my back he's still hurting I
think I'm being too ghost-like it's just
someone who seemed about my back because
it literally really hurt
great point
people wait
no one's open take and play bounces is
it think again
oh nice not to me badges I mean look at
this and we go closer in like he's got
like friggin this is just mental stuff
we've got some bullets we've got some
old-school speakers we've got a locker
he's got his Matt Cutts test that the
speakers are pumps and pump some tunes
me Alice's house is absolutely mental
like look at this oh my god it's huge
like he's really old but like massive in
the kitchen that's like really quite a
little bit like I love like I just how
everything is everywhere and it's just
so cool these martinis I don't know if
you guys can see actually if I point out
the window no there's no way the stars
are actually sick tonight so I think if
I can go out and end this thing let's do
it with the time-lapse hope you guys
have enjoyed - Malick's and I'll see you
this house is freakin sick I'll see you
in the next video is
