yeah yeah yeah cool dude what are you
doing okay okay okay there's some manual
lens in this cookies forgetting what
names are you it's just just forget
while they're that you've cooked here
yeah looking good you thing really
I have just finished the biggest
spaghetti bolognaise meal that my
brother cooked for me in the world
it was absolutely massive and I remember
back when like it was ages ago when I
was younger and I could fit before Ling
I think no we're not and I could
physically get up and go and play about
after I'd finished a meal and now
whenever I finished a meal I'll let you
just want to sit there and let you just
be like but no instead I'm gonna be
doing all of this tech flow gear away
I've recorded a tech flow video today so
that should be coming out fairly shortly
I think now if we were to look around we
can easily see that I've done a fairly
good job of typing this place up we're
all pretty Brooke entirely right now I
can leave this place I do need to have a
proper sort out and I mean like a proper
sort because if you look in this room
right here there we go as you can see
it's um it's yeah that's not me at like
a tiny man this is messy but I'm gonna
sort this out off-camera because it's
just boring it's now I'm not gonna do it
with you guys what the
Oh Lee oh my god what it has my name on
it
oh okay you know what I was super super
super super super super happy right I
was really happy because I was going to
come to the office and show you guys
through my custom PC with a massive
shout-out to Asus for making all of this
possible and then I arrived at the
office there's a parcel on my desk and
they'll get so to surprise me with this
this is insane I'm late you're not even
gonna use it I'm gonna I'm gonna mount
it somewhere it's gonna be like on show
like on show like that it's insane I
mean even the freaking even the freaking
box it comes in man like this box like
and even though okay okay okay let's
calm down a bit in a car a letter as
well
Oh gutter gaming from the bottom of my
heart I freaking love you lots and lots
and lots so I kind of Tidy all of the
office up last night we did the stream
over there
we have the overhead rig I've cleared
all the desk up here's all the computer
parts here is Jed's computer over here
now I want to try and get this thing
working first because it won't post it
will not post for some reason I just
can't for the life of me get the editing
computer to post it just won't post but
I've done absolutely everything check
the power supply check the round check
the DIMM slots check the graphics card
and put it all lying down here I'm not
sure
what's happen I still narrowed it down
to the motherboard so I contacted Asus
and they were like yo yeah we'll shoot
you our new motherboard the guys over
asses are absolutely wicked so they're
shooting me out a new motherboard should
be here tomorrow hopefully we can then
pull this stuff in the new motherboard
and see if this PC will then post well
for now anyway my PC under here is well
in 100% working order it's absolutely
gorgeous now yesterday I got all up and
running installed Windows installed a
few programs and yeah she works fine
she's absolutely awesome however I need
to work on my cable management and my
enemy
cool right my build is pretty much
finished as you can see it's got a
really cool LED strip like going around
the edge right and can you see that it's
green right now the reason it's green is
because it's representing the CPU
temperature and green means good now
aces have hooked me up with their
amazing top range with WOD if you have a
look here we've got the Maximus forming
them on the board look at that beast
there that will go inside my machine
I'll drop a link to it in the
description as well as all the parts for
my computer I'm gonna put them on my
website as well and all the parts for
the editing computer as soon as we get
it sorted we're just going to see this
bit of software here you can change what
you want the lights to be and you can
actually have them on what's called a
Music effect so if we click apply on
that and let me just turn my sound down
a little bit if I play some music here
let's play some NCS
them tomorrow I think I'm gonna get up
really really really really really early
actually let me turn this off tomorrow I
think I'm gonna get up really really
really really early and come back here
and record part three of your small fish
just because I really want to get this
thing done man I want to get my list I
want to get my desk finished at least I
want to get my monitors on that this is
just a monitor I've gotten at the moment
just to make sure everything's working
test everything out okay so this
motherboard is on another level of
Awesome right I've just downloaded this
software from Asus for Publica gamers
and the thing is pretty much
overclocking itself lookout sick this
room looks with all of the LEDs on up
there behind the TV keyboard looking
absolutely sexual I'm just downloading
all of my Steam games right now but a
steam library here would you look at
that what do you just what are you just
look at it and then just up here as my
camera likes because there's no light
I've got my Mars bar al gato HD 60s that
thing is sexy cool right I'm hoping Asus
are going to come tomorrow and give me a
brand new motherboard and we can get
that PC the editing PC up and running
I'm gonna come tomorrow to the office
and record part three of the ultimate
official got a load of Ikea stuff to put
together but it's currently like 1:00 in
the morning right now I'm gonna go home
and I'm gonna go for a run
actually you know what looking at this
weather I'm starting to have second
thoughts on this run that I said I was
gonna go on yeah yeah it's absolutely
chucking it down I think if you pull ups
tonight on the pull-up bar are gonna
have to do for my exercise
give me that thank you
