I was per usual I am extremely late
getting to the train station I'm going
to London today
I've still got a pack at this bag my
train leaves in 18 minutes
I've gotta get to the train station to
print off my tickets there's no way I'm
gonna make this
go go go go go I've had to get myself a
coffee because I am just absolutely
dying for some water as well it is
really annoying because
I'm not actually allowed to tell you
guys why I'm in London today I'm just
not allowed to tell you and it's really
frustrating like I don't think you know
how much I do want to tell you but I
just can't tell I just can't
we're going for some Italian before we
before we venture off to the secret
event wall again the food today Italian
not meeting fish no cars only I could
get pizza we could get pasta who knows I
think you might
got me a piece all right so I'll be a
piece right cool thank you very much
thank you ask Italian for a beautiful
meal right now I think this event is
just over the road like literally just
over the road right here's the thing I
can't tell you guys about it and you
know I can but I'm gonna vlog inside the
event but I'm not gonna be able to tell
you what it's about you guys are gonna
have to try and guess okay let's try and
get it no I think I can tell you that
the event is inside curries and PC world
but as soon as I get in there I'm gonna
have to check to make sure that I'm
alright to put that in the vlog
okay we're inside we're inside this
place is mate May that's sick oh my god
here is the event but don't never have
to blow anything out or not oh my God
look at it
so you have to shoot the words by like
typing out really really really cool is
my goodie bag this yeah right so you get
a Terry towel yeah as a joke on that but
some of you all like subscribers might
get right okay but if they do they'll be
very interesting right you get a void
RGB headset are cool that's working it
on m65 Pro Mouse brilliant at MF
300-mile spat and something else in
there which is a brave a seeker because
you guys so right I've got the lowdown
and I can tell you guys what I can tell
you guys right this is a Corsair event
and they're releasing some brand-new
really cool products but I can't tell
you guys what those products are just
yet I've been messing around with the
new products they are literally just
around this corner and the whole event
is in this gaming bunker thing right
here and I'm actually going into
partnership with Corsa to do something
really awesome with you guys which is
gonna be coming in the near future but
as of yet I still can't tell you guys
what that is and I really wanted to but
it's coming soon I promise I promise I
promise I promise I'll tell you guys
soon but you guys are gonna love it and
let me tell you this there is a giveaway
involved so drop a like rating we're
still carrying on with these monthly
giveaways as well which is absolutely
awesome right I'm gonna head back in
here and carry on playing some games and
that's all I can tell you guys let me
let me try it let me try and show you
guys inside
but don't tell anyone I never even knew
the difference between the MX red blue
and brown and silent switches but now I
do this is really cool
razor you suck yeah they're having fun
it's really cool yeah oh wow so the
event was just over there in my gaming
bunker right at the back of this current
PC world store right and they've got
those at drones and this one looks
really cool but it says 700 quid it's
like this this parrot no it's not para
it's a 3d our GoPro drone this looks
insane
is this touchscreen oh my god and it
moves on here as well
that's insane so can I just zoom in to
where I live
Jax found a magical car ride thing what
are you doing mate what's going on in
there right I'm at the train station now
I need to get back for trains need to
get back to the live stream tonight a
little bit of people look at it's
brilliant innit right Jack by five we're
shaking it right this is mine and I've
got so much stuff look at all the stuff
I use my left hand to carry it's much
stronger right we are at the seam in the
stream right mate ok see you mate I
don't know which platform of water it's
scaring me
ok the platform number 6
now literally all of this stuff they
were like Alex do you want to take it
back so you can give it away all this
new gear that you know I'll have to tell
them what it is yet and I was like yeah
sure not realizing the fact that I've
got to bring it back on a frickin train
for you guys I'm not complaining I'm not
complaining I'd love to do it they would
tell you I'm carrying over like 600
pounds worth of stuff to give away in
these two bags yo guys I remember last
time I was in this car park and I was
vlogging and I was like yo guys I
guarantee you it's gonna be eight pound
50 I'm gonna put a bet on it and then
you guys just thought I was lying
because it said eight pound 50 on the
thing I didn't realize the thing is I
can't tell you guys I just want to tell
you the thing is now this is it this is
it in an hour and well about an hour I'm
gonna be live on Twitch doing the stream
though I'm gonna be live on Twitch the
reason why this is a big deal as well as
because Asus have said to me they're
gonna tweet the stream out and put it in
their Facebook page which means there's
going to be loads of people watching
which means there's gonna be people that
I don't know watching which means I'm
gonna get judged and I don't like being
judged and I'm really bad at making
computers and both of them that
everything's cool I need to go now to
the office actually put a mars bar shirt
on first
I think that's needed yo guys yeah thank
you guys
hi dears guys thank you send them to the
office and there's literally loads of
fans outside the subscribers like
wishing me best of luck on the
livestream tonight my voice just
whistled the thing is I'm usually really
confident I'm usually a really confident
guy but tonight is absolutely killing me
I've got butterflies I've got
butterflies as if I've asked a girl on a
date and it's date night tonight and
that's how I feel right about the thing
is this is going to be the last time you
see me before the stream guys so I love
you hurt you all all right and I'll
catch up with you guys after the stream
the reason I can't vlog during the
stream is number one because I don't
really want to and number two is because
this camera right here the camera
your guys eyes is the main camera for
the stream so this is going to sit on
here like this and I'm going to plug it
into the computer and it's going to be
used for the stream which is pretty cool
isn't it so that is why I can't vlog so
guys wish me luck how all of you alright
and I hope if you did watch you enjoyed
it and I wish you always the best of
luck oh it was no technical difficulties
and I'll see you after the stream yeah
we'll build one computer at the time I'm
just videoing this because the
sentimental moment we've just gone alive
got me to play and chilling out while
the music's playing yeah well I we're
actually live on Twitch oh my god don't
finish live-streaming my voice
absolutely Kane's right now that my
throat just really hurts the stream was
absolutely working like I couldn't have
asked for anything better
almost 9,000 people in at the peak 9,000
people like
well I know we get about 50,000 views on
like the vlogs on a daily basis but like
9,000 people watching live and like all
being really supportive it was just like
so awesome so thank you to everyone that
watched and especially a massive thank
you to those of you just took her out of
the whole thing it was about four and a
half hours long and yeah it was it was
insane
but I'm gonna go ahead and end today's
vlog here guys drop a like rating if
you're looking forward to some awesome
course s stuff for me to give away for
you guys I cannot wait to do that and
I'll show you guys the PC tomorrow if I
get a chance
but tomorrow we've got a dude letter
tech flow stuff and a little boring crap
bolder than that reminds me Alex be
positive keep smiling and I'll catch the
next one
