good morning guys I hope you are doing
alright so today it's gonna be a little
bit of a different vlog and just for the
sake of the matter of fact that I'd like
to let you guys know what we're doing
today because they don't want you guys
to sit through something you don't want
to watch I'm gonna be going today and
I've got I've got to go and set up for
the livestream that's getting happening
on Thursday in the office I just thought
I'd let you guys know it's gonna take up
a massive portion of my day because I've
got to figure out how to get two cameras
into a live stream and make sure it's
all gonna work
I've actually got right I've actually
got this and this is really special I've
had it for a long long long time and
it's in this box right here and I
haven't been allowed to show you guys it
in this box
oh yeah there is the HD 60 from argot oh
this is the new version the HD 60s and
this is the day zero edition 391 out of
500 I don't even know if you can buy
this thing yet I don't even know if it's
on sale I need to take this webcam I'm
going to take this off my monitor with
me I need to go to Corey's and buy
myself another webcam another two c920
webcam so obviously when I get the
obvious bill I'm gonna be live-streaming
from the office all the time playing all
sorts of games and during random
livestream events so I need a webcam at
the office anyway so I thought let's go
and buy
there are stop yo dude have you got a
neat c920 s in the back the webcam they
just don't have one but they just don't
have one in the shop
cause you let me down my friend you let
me down
well okay this is all the IKEA stuff and
the rig is the lot that we built in
yesterday's vlog success prices are
pretty much I'm going to use this PC
here the asus rog gr
to power the live stream and i want as
much of this desk cleared as possible so
all of this is workspace for building
the computers in the stream
so it turns out good old little ROG gr6
Jame powerful enough to run the stream
she keeps lagging we're gonna we're
gonna have to do something a little bit
different I think but as you can see
I've got the webcam up there looking
down and I put some markers and tape on
here to see you know what's actually in
the frame so all of this is in the frame
then as soon as you go outside the tape
then you're out the frame this cable
here is a HDMI cable which is going to
connect to this camera which will be
about here and it will get the view of
this way but this PC just isn't powerful
enough we're gonna have to use I think
my old gaming PC which is just that not
being able to get this live stream to
work is absolutely doing my nut in so
I'm just arrived at my grandma's because
my mum has text me and said she's here
too and I never really got to see my mom
so I thought I'd come and see it for a
bit yeah brilliant
don't be a yeah you know that mum yes
yes as a youtuber you gotta to though
I'm not videoing you it's all the red
flashing light does not mean it's
videoing no I put you in the video
you're a freak mum I love going to see
those people love it got my granddad and
me good old mother no mum was just a
massive freak there but I do love that
right back to the office cuts throughout
this livestream thing I love it when
there's no one else in this office and I
can just go just echoes make it weird
noises what my office door was left open
that's not good
asus rog gr8 pc you are no good for
streaming but you alright a gaming so
here we go let me talk you through my
live streaming rig so this thing here
the thing we built in yesterday's vlog
is the overhead rig and this houses the
logitech
20 webcam which goes down to the
computer under that that is a downward
facing camera this here these bits of
tape represent the area on the desk that
this camera can physically see so I'm
gonna be building putting the
motherboard the cases when I'm doing it
inside the cases on this desk in this
frame so this downwards camera can
capture what I'm doing with my hands no
pun intended this monitor is here so I
can see what's on the screen and also
read the chat this keyboard and mouse is
actually going to go just in here so
I've actually got a full workspace on
the desk here all my stuff can go in
there so got a full workspace to work on
the PCs now this cable this is gonna
plug straight into this camera right
here this camera is then gonna sit right
here and look out at me so there's two
views one view at me and one view
looking down I also thought it would be
super cool to in the background have
something running on this TV not sure
what yet I was thinking of putting all
my vlogs on there running in the
background whilst we're live-streaming
I'll tell you what you guys let me know
what you think would you put on this TV
we just have some still pictures oh we
should do something cool and have some
video on there what should we put on
that this is all all the Archaea stuff
that I'm dreading to do this what's in
these boxes is gonna be part two of the
note so I'm not part 2 part 3 of the
office series and yes I am dreading that
episode a little bit because we've got
to put I care stuff together and I'm
over that and my death that is
definitely skip leg day if you guys have
a well pointed out this right here is my
live streaming Rick and I'm kind of
happy with it because my I'm a bit
stupid in the head and I've managed to
put something together that kind of
works so yeah last one out got a shot
this big heavy door there we go but in
the key and lock it cool
oh my god
oh my god tell you what you don't get
the really expensive Gorillapod you the
metal one that's like almost a hundred
pounds these things are absolutely awful
I do not recommend them they just fell
over and always broke my mic reverb oh
my god anyway I've just been handed this
it's coming through to my house I don't
know what it is I don't have a clue what
it is oh this is a thing called chat sim
and this company sent me it pretty much
is a sim card that works like worldwide
and you can get like internet anywhere
in the world which I thought was pretty
cool than watch sent me one and I
thought if I'm ever in some sort of
remote location and I need internet
hopefully this chat sim will work
hopefully cool right I've actually been
invited out to Clara's house tonight so
I'm gonna go around there to see her
it's like 10:00 now so I'm going to end
this thing here hopefully Ustream
fanatics have enjoyed today's video
about setting up the livestream I've
really enjoyed doing it and hopefully
the stream on Thursday 8 p.m. is gonna
be absolutely awesome but for now my
husband Alex you guys have been awesome
keep smiling and I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog every single freaking
day
patty else
