hey were you climbing them rocks in
Wales yeah very good time yeah you've
enjoyed it too type features I can't
really remember the names
7:3 next one yeah let me know let me
know and actually free may as I said so
what you feel good
we'll get some cool Joe stuff done I was
promised in yesterday's video
hyah
all right I want to just show you guys
something for a quick second let's just
let's just watch it together okay we're
gonna watch something this is pretty
much what happened right is I got an
email and it said it was from this guy
in it said hey Alex Mars how you doing
it's my little brother's birthday very
soon and it would be awesome if you
could record him a video and say happy
birthday so without any hesitation
obviously I jump straight up to that
opportunity to do that send him the
video of me sing happy birthday to him
and this well this here is is the
reaction his reaction to it and I
thought you guys might be interested
I watched it last night right I watched
it last night got sent to me last night
I sat there and honestly I cried like
honestly like having that much of an
impact and making him so holla I want to
meet this guy I want to meet this guy I
want to go out and spend a day with this
dude like I really do
I would love to this guy seems
absolutely awesome and the fact that he
got that emotional over me sending him
it's me sending him a video right so
I've had a little bit of a flare up as
you can see now I'm gonna carry on this
cleanup tomorrow this floor is really
really really dusty and mucky and
horrible tomorrow I'm actually taking
delivery for a load of stuff from Ikea
that stuff including a top mount unit
that's going to go up there above both
of my monitors and the entertainment
stand which you guys picked which is
gonna go here and house all of this kit
so the computer here the ps4 Xbox one
and also the elitists wrt
there for our internet coming into the
office I've also bought two really cool
lamps that are going to go either side
of my desk so all of that is happening
tomorrow so that should be fun
and Thursday night yes this Thursday
night is the livestream the livestream
of me building my ultimate PC for the
off base which is gonna go underneath my
desk so yes on Thursday night 8 p.m. I'm
gonna be live here from the office live
on twitch TV Ford / mr. Mars bar
if you guys don't have a twitch account
and go make one in the description and
follow me over on Twitch I'll put my
twitch in the description and then
you'll get notified when I go live and
we're pretty much gonna go order some
pizza build some computers travel app
interact
you guys and listen to some cool music
from the office live on twitch.tv that
means I've got to go try and build a rig
that's gonna go over my desk to hold my
cameras I need some PVC PVC PVC PVC PVC
this is all wood PVC open door please
thank you
this whole rig only just fits into my
car
apparently I bought the wrong type of
saw it was the cheapest one it doesn't
work so you probably thinking Alex why
have you got these humps on why didn't
you just attach this bit of wood that
goes down here to the bottom piece to
keep it steady and well what this system
is for is that if I want to raise this
bar for any reason say if I want the
camera higher up I can just raise this
bar and replant it in place if that
makes sense so this top bar could be a
lot taller I want it to be or shorter
well that much shorter anyway when it's
got my web come up here should have a
wider field of view but look at that how
cool is this so that's my overhead view
so I'll have this looking down and
building the computer here and then
we'll also have a camera just there as
well looking out into the office so
we'll have this sort of a view looking
out into the office while we're building
it so it should be really cool I'm quite
impressed with myself actually I didn't
look at any sort of guide on how to do
this
I just went to the shop just bought
stuff and I think it turned out all
right you should do our needs anyway
look at this look I'm almost on almost
on 50,000 followers on Twitter look I'm
on forty six point nine K if any of you
guys have twitter please please please I
beg you go over and follow me just
because I always post inspirational
stuff on that I'll leave you two minutes
ago I put a tweet out saying stop
moaning get off with your life and do
something you will be much happier and
it is just so true I try and put
something inspirational on there every
day just to boost people's moods get you
guys in the mood to go out and go and do
stuff be people and those of you that
already do follow me on Twitter turn
your notifications our boys and girls
medium fries and a strawberry shake
actually make that stripping milkshake a
water please mate brilliant mate that's
cool cheers mate thank you
