you know what I absolutely hate like
absolutely hate another one of my pet
peeves and yes and you guys are can tell
I have a lot of pet peeves
one of my major pet peeves is actually
being alone I absolutely hate it now
it's nice hanging around with people
don't get me wrong I absolutely love it
I hate I hate being alone absolutely
hate being alone but take this as my
example about a week and a half ago I
said to myself Alex I'm gonna watch all
of the Harry Potter's again and I'm just
gonna enjoy I'm just gonna enjoy it and
watch it by myself and just enjoy it
right I said that a week and a half ago
I've managed to watch about 40 minutes
of the first episode I've literally had
it last one and a half weeks about 40
minutes to myself without either working
vlogging or being with another human
being on interacting with someone else
now don't get me wrong this isn't a
complaint at all I love vlogging I love
this interaction I love interacting with
other humans that's why I'm always with
other people and I love working I love
everything that I'm doing but sometimes
it's just nice to have a little bit of
me time so today I'm gonna do exactly
that oh my god oh my god there's a
sniper on me can you see it I've got a
little red dot on my nose there's a
sniper I'm gonna die that that was a
joke I've got I've got a spot on my nose
and I was just joking what the reason I
haven't vlogged today is because I've
spits out right here at this desk
editing this just take it just take a
little a little look at this yeah it's
pretty mental on the timeline there all
of that is part two of the ultimate
office I'm currently rendering out and I
need to get it uploaded and live and
processed on YouTube for 6:00 p.m.
wish me look but I suppose that any
situation all I can do is try
we need to go on a bit of a rescue
mission because yesterday I got a new
drone and I was really enjoying it
and yet now it flipped through our wait
where'd you go where to go in whoa whoa
whoa oh and I can't find it but there's
one thing we can try
just outside I've got the big bad wolf
the inspire one what I'm gonna do is
take off go in the air look down and see
if anywhere on the ground in my
neighbors garb in the fields behind my
house if we can see a little red thing
and hopefully call that the lost drone
let's do this
I see it I can see it I put it I
couldn't see it's there oh my god I
found it it's nowhere near my garden
it's nowhere near my garden it's just
right there right there
I found it oh my god
still got the drone in the air still got
the drone in the air oh we need to get
location on this
enjoy
rescue mission success this is wicked
that was battery but this thing is
pretty cool I love it it's really
awesome and obviously this thing is
durable as well we left the outside
overnight and it still works like it was
outside overnight but play a little
plastic drone car machine thing yeah
it's cool
oh we're back in the office I'm up here
in the secret room
I've just been cleaning out all of the
products that we've had here but all the
things that are actually in use right in
the actual office in use over here so
we've got stuff like the xbox one ps4
Rooter iPad cases lunar eclipse and a
logitech gear that's on that's on my
desk now all of that stuff is all here
all the Manfrotto gear that Manfrotto
sent us absolutely amazing and this all
of this stuff here and these three
monitors are what we have left
oh and also also all of the computer
peripherals that are just down here so
I've actually got this little 4 port USB
hub for port more like 1 2 3 4 5 6 port
USB hub and I want to mount this it's
got some sticky tape on the back it's
from a company called Oh I'll put it in
the description and I want to mount this
in here about their sole installed as
you can see and it's working is charging
this mouse I'm cassette me these as well
this is a lightning cable and a proper
nice micro USB cable and I'm gonna make
this look all nice with the IKEA cable
management kit and and this little thing
that I found these anchor cables are
just incredible if I'm ever gonna get a
cable ever again like micro USB or
lightning cable or any type of cable
I'll literally always get it an anchor
that quality is just insane Hey look at
this look check this out so just under
here we've got the USB charging hub
here if you guys can see that very
easily but we've got a nice lightning
cable and a nice microUSB cable all
plugged into our charge up there which
if we need some more ports then you know
it's got a load more and when my MX
master runs out I can simply just bring
it down here and there we go it's all
charging and I've also got obviously a
charger for my phone as well cool stuff
there we go a little bit more
behind-the-scenes stuff on the office I
like to complete these little jobs and
then cheer you guys on the blogging
channel because this isn't stuff I put
in the main sort of videos if that makes
sense I need to bring that little drone
to this office building and try and fly
it all the way from the bottom and see
if we can get it to come all the way to
the top where no one's here when I only
meet here so guys I'm gonna end this
vlog here go home and try and finish off
Harry Potter this has been my Sunday and
I'll see you guys in my next video
remember keep smiling be happy and I'll
catch you in the next one that was open
table outro I want to do something like
that that was cool wasn't it
keep smiling be happy and I'll see you
in my next video adios
ah look the moon is out
