that is everything around you that you
call life was made up by people
my name is Jeremy Clark I'm joking how
you doing guys my name is Alex and
welcome back to another video so this
morning I have been in bed for a long
time oh okay playing sick so I'm talking
to myself I all sorts myself was editing
my video and I was asking myself
questions I got out of bed and went for
a meal just lipped out to get some food
it's like 3:00 in the afternoon and now
I'm here
there's been something that I've been
absolutely dying to check out but it's
only in yesterday's vlog arrived in the
post then I have time to play with it
yesterday so I thought today we'd give
it a go absolutely hate it when you can
fill your phone really hot in your
pocket and you just know you've left it
on and in that time while it's been on
in your pocket it's called your grandma
and told her that you're in hospital
it's called your parents and told them
that you've had a car crash and your
aunt is flying to Spain okay it's not
that bad it's really not that bad
actually
so today I've actually got to start
editing part two of the ultimate office
I need to get that done at some point I
think I'll do that later but for now
let's play with this I don't know what
it is and the box is just awful
something's loose inside this box if
this thing works it's gonna be a miracle
opening boxes on this show is my
favorite favorite thing to do I think
you guys like it as well let's see
what's inside this I'm going to drop a
link to it in the description if I
remember and hopefully it's gonna be
really really cool so what it's pretty
much oh my god
it's a remote-control car right but it's
also a drone at the same time I honestly
just feel like a massive kid again look
at this finish but it's got propellers
and it has it a controller as well which
has no power in it on no or they haven't
got any batteries for it how do you
charge this what
so you get a little screwdriver some
spare spare props or blades or whatever
you want to call them technically and I
believe this charges the drones car
thing the battery for it charges via USB
god this thing I don't know if it's
gonna be any good or not let's go put it
on charge dopes playing a bit a league
there he goes
areas look maybe but he's got his leg
open on PC Toby coming around tonight
mate yeah you're gonna get you sent
around to my house tonight
good lad check this out I've put some
cousin badges in the controller and
she's up and running she's on it she's
going the little drone car thing is down
here we need like an anagram of drone
and car I don't know what to call this
thing I think I think it's more of a car
before it's a drone
anyway let's put this little tiny
battery in and see what happens are you
ready for this I'm not even sure how to
fly this thing but let's go outside and
give it a go let's put this battery in
okay flashing like a madman I'm not sure
what's happening here boys and girls
let's see what this does
okay whoa okay I'm not sure how to do
this I think I'm gonna have to read the
read the instruction manual oh my god oh
my god it works right so how do you turn
oh my god actually works this is insane
so what can you do then we need to go
outside for this because oh my god
English weather is beautiful right boys
and girls I hope you're ready to witness
the future of drone flying and remote
control carring let's do this Wow to be
fuck
wait where'd you go where's it going
whoa whoa whoa oh I've lost it
I've lost him
where is it
I have legit just lost it like it's just
disappeared
it just flew off I had no control over
it I literally can't see out the window
it's not even in the neighbor's garden
where is it gone
where is it I've been outside looking
for it for about an hour I can't find it
anywhere
there comes a time in every man's life
where at one point he has a drone fly
away and this this is my first ever fly
away ma'am I'm so annoyed because that
thing was so cool like that thing was so
cool you're literally not gonna believe
what's happened you know that drone that
you unbox in yesterday's video I just
have a look at the footage and I think I
think it was over the neighbor's garden
but it's way too dark outside now to go
out searching for it this is the amount
of support I get from you guys right I
put a tweet out saying bin sent a drone
from a company took it off and it flew
away like just took off into the
distance
Banta how is it bouncer I'm genuinely
upset about this well Jacob is here
tonight so I've got our set up all set
up here of yourself maybe you guys was
there by now and Toby comes around we
play League of Legends if you want to
add me on League of Legends my name is
Mars bgx so Toby's also up here he has
his keyboard there and his mouse with
keaur it's funny look - his name's Toby
Rogers as well so yeah that's him
they're all set up and then obviously
mine's all set up as it is anyway Toby
has dedicated cables that go through
this wall here actually into the server
room where he will put his much plug in
the HDMI for the monitor and the single
USB cable which goes back out here to
this splitter do you see what I mean how
I like to say that I take care of my
guests when they come around to my house
you get me
this corner is now pretty much finished
the reservation project is coming along
nicely I want everything to look like
super smart and super in its place as
well as obviously doing the things that
we did yesterday with these two cables
yada yada yada
hopefully this whole room is gonna be
cool
just come in the computer room because
I've got back and I've realized that I
haven't actually recorded an ending for
this vlog tomorrow I'm gonna have to get
the other drone fly up go out and see if
we can see out other little drone from
the skies and drone on drone action will
be happening in tomorrow's vlog but
there in today's vlog is so short it's
because tonight by the time you guys are
watching this part two of the office
will be up and I want all you guys to go
and watch that so let's end this thing
here - Ben Alex you guys agree so let's
end this thing here
my name's Bernard likes you guys have
been wicked and I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog adios
