fear
I'm taking the board laziness laziness
is one of those things that's a choice I
don't like laziness because well if
you're lazy you miss out on doing doing
things actual things that give you
opportunity even things that you might
not think you would like like work for
example what people don't like work with
not doing work misses out on lots of
opportunity I didn't get home from the
office last night till 3:00 a.m. so
that's probably why I look a bit tired
no it's not working just keep it as long
as you want but it doesn't work put some
current at work and I was up again at
half seven this morning today has been
I think it's from Corsair I didn't I
didn't order any of this but I mean it
looks like it's from Corsair three boxes
of stuff I'm assuming they're all from
Corsair and you see here's the thing I
have no idea what's in these whatsoever
so the only thing to do is hope they are
actually from Corsair not just Corsair
boxes the boxes down there
well nice day I'm gonna knife this one
now it looks like that is an absolute
but turn in here of course their gear
now of course there and I are doing
something very very very very very very
very very very very very special guys is
it absolutely mental III I know what
this is for but like there's so much of
it I don't think they're sending no way
there's so many so guys this is the
boxes from Corsair what are they for I'm
not gonna be telling you guys just yet
all you need to know is that cause her
and I are working on a project and yes
it does involve you guys
so this is what I'm wanting to do guys
in today's vlog I showed you yesterday
this brand new set around me but it's
just a mess all this stuff here there's
all the cables that strangely routed
around is cables going everywhere so
what I'm wanting to do is make this into
a functional set and actual awesome
functional sets let's see what we can do
we need to go and get some bits so guys
let's go let's get some bits let's make
this office even better office home base
make your house your assistant Lucas
joined it's carrying the box other stuff
in right we need to go to one more shop
and it's just over there is the one no
don't bend in it no you broke it so
we've got all the bits that we need from
home base I've been to curries and
picked up this TV bracket you guys have
no idea what we're doing you're just
gonna have to watch honestly this is
gonna be awesome TV bracket proper thick
cable cable clips back boxes you guys
name it this is everything we need to
make an awesome youtube set it's gonna
be wicked
let's montage this
so guys here we are I know it doesn't
look much better it is going to get
better I promise but let me show you
what's happened so we've got our TV on
the wall here we've taken some proper
electrical cable and from this socket up
here spurred off and put a socket down
there with two USB ports on that socket
is now powering the TV and anything else
over there we want to power then there's
a little to sport HDMI box on the wall a
cable from that runs down there under
the TV so technically if I plug this
cable into there technically this telly
should come on oh my god it works
what do you know doing it now hey guys
check this out
brother guys I have something to show
you this is a really really cheap
YouTube setup that's actually really
really good so as you can see this is
the set I showed you guys at yesterday
this is the look that we're going for
pretty much all I'm doing and if you
want to do this yourself and make some
sort of amateur youtube videos at home
this is a really cool way to do it this
is awesome
so guys either side of the set we have
the ikea lights which you can change the
color temperature ARB can change the
brightness of them on by the way this
remote is also Wireless and controls
both the lights and it can control as
many lights as you want it to these from
Ikea now the next thing the microphone
now you can use any microphone it's just
on a 15 pound ebay boom stand to get it
closer to my face here is the tripod
that to me if you're doing a static
sharp guys a tripods a tripod it's three
bits of metal with a head holding the
camera that's literally all it does now
obviously if you're wanting some really
nice steady movement you're gonna need
to spend some money on a tripod but like
us here if you're doing a static shot
cheap tripod will do just fine and now
depending on what microphone you guys
have this is our audio recorder I picked
this up on eBay secondhand for fifty
pounds this takes the XLR cable from our
microphone and churns it out into a 3.5
millimeter cable which plugs into this
camera which is our camera by the way
and then what I've done here is this is
a spare monitor Ahad but this is an asus
23 inch monitor you can pick these up
now super cheap on ebay 1080p you can
pick these up on ebay as well just to
HDMI wall socket and pretty much my
camera has a HDMI out so I've taken the
HDMI cable here pipe that up to the Asus
monitor and if I plug this into my
camera then a couple of seconds we'll
have a really really nice display as you
can see right there so I can do things
like make sure the focus on things is
absolutely nailed this is wicked we've
got our tripod heads on here so
everything we need is laid out it's all
really tidy and it looks wicked this has
been guys an absolute joy to setup and
we've done it on the cheap on by the way
this is just an IKEA table
with some really cheap IKEA legs drill
to the bottom you may not even need a
table if you just want to do sort of
stand-up comedy videos or stand-up
videos or if you want to be like a girl
makeup youtuber you could lower your
makeup our near whatever you wanted to
do review technology whatever and all it
took to put this together was a little
bit of brainpower which you also need
help with from you guys let us know if
you think there's anything we could
improve here we are guys you're not
talking about a cheap tripod is just a
five pound light stand on eBay with a
three pound Joby head on it seven pound
tripod literally holds the camera right
thing guys that's what I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog if you guys
haven't picked up your Mars apparel your
merch yet guys link impire you can go
ahead and get yourself some apparel
unfortunately mine hasn't arrived yet
can't wait until it does but as I've
said guys for now - Ben Alex you guys
have been awesome guys stay awesome as
usual keep smiling and I'll see you guys
in tomorrow's daily vlog guys adios
