let's tell you guys something something
happened yesterday whilst I was trying
to record a tech flow video we recorded
the video well the B camera of the Tecla
video on my iPhone and to get the clips
from my iphone to my computer I had to
upload them to the cloud via 4G to get a
4G signal at this house I have to hang
my phone out the window doing so in the
process I managed to drop my phone out
the window one thing led to another and
it smashed into a million pieces on the
bottom floor of my house this morning
the delivery man has just come and
delivered me a brand new phone and taken
me my old one and taken the old smashed
one away with the insurance I have for
these phones which means we've got to go
choose a new rap for this phone let's go
there's one here somewhere that I really
want it's not that one
this is the one that our one
so I've got to finish up recording part
2 of the ultimate office this morning
and I want to do it without any
interruptions it's currently like 12
p.m.
she'll be done by 2 p.m. I'll catch up
with you guys
then this is how I'm trying to be
efficient recording two videos in one
day with one camera the key to it is
having two memory cards and slipping
between the two with each video so this
has got the ultimate office on it and
this car that's in the camera was
obviously got the blog so we go into the
into the gaming den here you can see
probably on the floor actually know a
little where I put them I put them here
I've cut them all down to size so
hopefully now my death won't be
ridiculously tall now we need to head
off to the office and finish off the
part two of the of the office series
hopefully hopefully I'm hoping my desk
is going to be now the right size before
head to the office this can open this
parcel at an audience it might be
something for oh okay these are the red
version of the things they ordered
yesterday another pointless unboxing so
these are the polls for the office and
we just put this on my back right now we
can take a look outside and it is such a
gorgeous day actually as much as I'm
wanting to start filming the second day
of part two of the office I wanted to
finish it because I wanted to go out and
do something in this awesome weather
with you guys on the vlog so after we've
finished recording part two will come
out later and we'll go skateboarding go
fly the drone or something should be fun
this weather's awesome let's not wait to
waste
oh my god got ourselves a parcel okay
we're not gonna open that yet we'll save
that for later
and beer but it's expensive in this vlog
put that back over there now it's time
to switch memory cards go back to the
ultimate office memory card which is
right here let's put these legs on that
desk and hopefully hopefully please
it'll be the right height so behind the
scenes number two turns out I don't have
a drill bit big enough to go through the
desk to fit the actual USB thing so
we're gonna have to nip to home base and
get one of those drill bit drill bit a
little bit too big you know the one I
wanted but hopefully we can get this USB
cable now through this desk there we go
my desk is all done but I'm not going to
show you guys it because you need to
wait for episode two so I'm going to
turn around if we're gonna go and open
that parcel oh my god
hahahaha absolutely brilliant Oh God so
this right this is a drone with notice
any drone it's also a remote control car
as well so you can drive it along the
floor and then it could just take our
boiling engine you have to explain
something it's nothing what your board
says super stake on it but you were
vegetarian yeah I like messing with
people's heads it's fun absolutely
awesome and really fun I bet it's better
than this
I've actually installed my new gimbal
stopper things on the actual gimbal
itself so hopefully we should get some
silky smooth footage right now let's
turn it off see yesterday Jen and I
really wanted to go out for a skate
because about two years ago we used to
skate everywhere all the time it was
just a thing that we did and we haven't
really done it ever since then just
because we've been so busy we were gonna
go out and skate yesterday but as you
guys saw it rained heavily now finally
we've got some spare time we're going to
go out and have a little skating sesh
that's brilliant right I'll catch you
boom just go ahead and get in my car
wash because as you guys know we did
some drifting the other day in the vlog
and we got a little bit dirty so she
needs a clean look at my clean car they
did a good job didn't they for ones to
be paired they always do a good job now
it's clean you can see that all of this
side is all properly scratched so Jed
has caught his train home it was
absolutely awesome hanging around with
him for the last two days hopefully you
guys enjoyed what we did and what we go
up to and I'm really really really
really really loving filming back again
for my Mars bar channel it's not that
Channel trust me I've got some stuff
coming for that but if you guys got
nowadays what we do on Mars bar some
outlandish stuff put it in the comments
I've currently got my music on and I'm
cooking a ready meal carbonara soon the
microwave right now on Maria is coming
around
tonight to spend the night with me so
that should be pretty cool you guys know
that like for the next week or so I'm in
this house on my own so I'm trying to
make sure I've got someone with me every
night I always like to be busy anyways
the last two nights Jed's been hearing
rumors coming around tonight and a
boatload of other friends coming around
on like Sunday and I am yada yada yada
yada
so I've just gotten out of the shower
and you guys know a few vlogs ago I said
to you guys I want to give my room an
overhaul or wanna kill management this
place open I want to be able to charge a
phone from any which corner of the room
I want my guests that stay over to be
able to put their phone in without any
worry that is the first task
that is just one of the little things
I'm going to be doing around this room
to modify it to make it so accessible to
technology you won't even know it's
there
hopefully that makes sense cool this
next week is going to be absolutely
awesome remember guys we've got the PC
livestream on the 14th at 8 p.m. and
were also gonna be doing a load of
videos in this vlog channel taking out
this room even more than it already is
but for now Maya's vlogs if you've
enjoyed a like rating would be freaking
awesome and I'll see you in the next one
