good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex welcome back
to another daily video we've been doing
this for 115 days now insane
check out this horrible horrible weather
they're like this is just like awful
like it's like hailing like what the
time is currently 148 right now and it's
finally happening it's finally happening
my desk is being delivered now I needed
to get myself to the office it's 148 the
delivery guy said he's gonna be there at
2:00 it takes about five minutes to get
there five minutes to park club we're
gonna be late you guys know I've been
waiting so long for this so so long this
is a custom made desk that I've designed
myself and have someone build for me
they've cut out the wood I'm not sure if
I'm gonna have to put it together myself
yet but we'll find out I think this is
him here I think this is the guy with my
desk in it he's not even parked in the
right place my office is like all the
way down this road
I'm in the main lobby of this office
buildings be really quiet
they just down here be happier just
because I'm building it myself it was so
cheap so cheap but this wood is so we
think it is so heavy but don't know I'm
gonna get this up to my office because
my office is on the top floor currently
on the bottom floor my best there on the
bottom floor and yeah I'm I'm up here
that's my office
got some parcels they're not sure
well now once again there we go a bottom
boat up here both of the slab so you
probably thinking Alex why is that - why
have you got to in the exact same layout
of wood let me explain so pretty much
what's gonna happen is as follows
you see these pieces of wood here these
smaller pieces so those are going to sit
on there like that and I'm gonna drill
them down and then this piece of wood
sits on top of these slats so pretty
much what I've got is a desk it's got a
section in the middle where I can put
things in like let's say my phone or my
keys so I don't have to so I don't have
to have my desk cluttered with my phone
and my keys I think you it in the
middle of the desk and it's like storage
space if that makes sense so there we go
that is how it's going to work and
obviously those staff holding poles down
there those are the legs so with a bit
of look and hoping all of my
calculations are correct with my
measurements the desk should be at the
right height to suit the GT mega chairs
that I've got so it's all a custom setup
and it's gonna look so totally wicked
having these this one here and all these
wouldn't be hopefully I'm hoping I'm
open up I've got a sliver of hope that
it's gonna look cool but obviously we're
gonna be putting this desk together in
the ultimate setup series over on my
Mars bar channel that we've got some
parcels to open I have no idea what is
inside of this so let's rip it open and
find out shall we
then this company saw me do a video
about five days ago where I was messing
around with a solar panel to try and
charge my phone with this
and they said Alex that solar panel
you're using is rubbish they sent me out
the solar panel to try out so should we
see if this can charge my phone oh no
way
I've seen this already easier these are
a company that I absolutely love and
they said John with joy to send us some
products and I was like yeah you know
what just go for it oh my god what is
this
there's loads of stuff in here easy AK
you're too good to me you're insane
so we've got what looks to be a mini
cannon Bluetooth speaker which looks
really cool whatever this is this is
really intriguing right we've got a
power bank I wonder how many milliamp
hours this is 10,000 milliamp hours
there's got a little power bank as well
which is absolutely awesome and what is
in here this is a twenty thousand
milliamp power bank oh wow tear to open
this looks absolutely wicked oh wow look
at these bad boys yo look how swaggy I
am wait let me let me get my phone and
put some music into this yo guys guys
they're actually not that bad listen to
this wait wait wait here you go here you
go
yeah it's bounded let's connect to it
and see if there's any good
actually actually pretty cool handles
vocals pretty well to listen to this
because I'm
to be now for the mystery item which is
or looks rather absolutely wicked and I
have no idea what it is absolutely no
idea cool right I'm gonna head out of
the office now that if you guys can see
just up there or just down there up
there near the window there is a the
solar panel up at the window just there
and then just down there's a little
black box that is the 10,000 milliamp
hour battery from power right so the
it's been the portable batteries being
charged up by the solar panel and it is
actually working which is really cool
some girl in the windows just like
waving at me I'm like I don't know who
they are yeah but just a normal cheers
please all right it's been non-stop all
freaking day I'm gonna sit here eat miss
away and watch some YouTube videos and
chill out for a good half an hour so
I've just sat down and looked at my
emails I have like a period of time in
the day where I go through all of my
emails and sort out all the crap every
single day that I get in my inbox and if
you look at this this right here I've
had an event invitation from Corsair you
know course there the computer cook yeah
you guys know Corsair it says come and
join us for an exclusive first look
event Jed is making me leave the house
it has got awful weather to go and pick
him up from the train station because
he's a lazy mother how many joking I
think he's there right now and I haven't
even got the gates open so it's gonna be
stood in the rain outside the train
station waiting for me but so back and I
brought some condiments from the shop
condiments being alcoholic beverages
because I've got I've got the the house
to myself this house all of this massive
house I've got it to myself for like a
week so much grab loads depart is never
as people run you guys come round if you
want that was a joke I also bought this
from the shop I don't know what he does
it's like some sort of you just hope you
were surfing he's a bit simple what's a
pot lid of fizzy drinks coke and
lucozade and over that we've got
chocolate and bagels obviously rice
isn't what it looks like I swear on my
life it's just not what Jed tell him
it's no way looks like what no right Jed
you're going in the spare room
go is if I leave while I get naked
you can come back in now they know
you're gone so guys I'm gonna end
today's vlog here I hope you guys have
enjoyed my husband Alex you guys have
been wicked and I'll see you in
tomorrow's video adios
