okay anybody want to join look at this
beautiful weather outside this is
absolutely gorgeous I've got my arm in I
can physically feel the heat from the
Sun coming through my window today is an
absolutely gorgeous day but I've spent
90% of this day is now 3 p.m. inside sat
right here at my desk doing client work
so I'm gonna take me and I'm gonna take
this camera and we're just gonna go
outside and experience this nice weather
I think this is the first day in England
that I've been able to be outside and
been fairly warm and not cold with just
the t-shirt on this Sun is gorgeous I
need to get some glasses I'm gonna pull
up an image on my phone that has scared
me a little bit actually and I want to
try and explain it to you guys and just
show you it because it really is quite a
powerful image right can you see this
here this is a week of the year and this
is your age right this is an average 90
year old human life right and can you
see all of those little squares on this
picture for zooming you able to see them
these are all little squares right this
is how many weeks
how many weeks a ninety-year-old person
would have in their life this is how
many weeks you would have if you lived
to 90 years old being able to visualize
all of that time on one single photo
with little squares you can physically
just look at time running out it's
absolutely fascinating and the most
scary thing about all of that is that
not many people live to 90 years old
tape my granddad for example who died of
cancer I think four or five years ago
now god that times gone fast hello mate
how are you doing you okay yeah even
though you can't see anything in you and
you're blind you all right
so looking at that thing this morning
that thing with all the little squares
on it that makes you think about how
much time you have left just make me
think that I've been inside all morning
doing work sat at a desk why don't I
come out this afternoon and just do
something that I enjoy doing which is
well one of the things I love doing one
of my favorite things to do is fly the
drone I'm in my hometown of Newark and I
was just thinking to myself my hometown
is pretty rubbish like there's not much
to film and then I thought there's a
nice bridge up here just down here where
mr. and mrs. duck is that they're
watching it as a nice bridge so imagine
trying to fly down this river here and
then underneath the bridge that was my
plan and that's what I'm thinking hello
mr. and mrs. duck how are you doing okay
bye-bye this this is a drone I'm just
gonna get some shelter of Newark Bridge
in the castle and I'm a cinematographer
I do YouTube videos you see so yeah so
this is like a camera that I would talk
to my audience with so I'll start my
video this morning and I'll be I'd be
like right so hey guys what's going on
my name is Alex and today we're gonna go
in fly the drone and then I'll come into
town and we'll do some drone flying and
I'll put it all in the video and I do
videos every single day
you enjoy yourself very nice man anyway
thank you very much I appreciate thank
you you see that look just getting out
the house within five minutes
I've already inspired someone and talk
to someone and she's inspect this this
woman just here that I've spoken to has
saved people's lives she's used to work
in hospitals and stuff as Hussain Justin
Wow alrighty ready guys I'm gonna do
this in slow motion
the amount of people that stopped stared
smiled laughed waved I love making
people happy man Wow
same thing goes with like music
production everything production the
major one where I can see it shine the
most is music production and music
producers there's some songs that I can
listen to and they can literally change
my mood and make me so happy and I swear
down it's my mission in life to meet
those producers that have made those
certain songs and just thank them we're
here we're back and we're messy but I
think you saw the TV out I don't
understand why I've tried to tape it
back up but clearly no the LED strip
keeps falling down and going on messy so
we need to sort it out and how are we
gonna sort this falling LED mess out you
might ask well take a look at this
exactly what we need
hopefully that look cool please look
cool there we go fix it all the cables
all sorry much rather all the LEDs are
now tight onto the back types taped onto
the back so what no more issues I'll put
all of the Aces gear together in one
little nice little box there which is
all cool we've got computer cases I need
to bring my case
my case when my computer is still at
home and talking about home I am goddamn
starving
you know what has this ever been done
before starting a vlog exactly where
actually no way finishing a vlog exactly
where you started it so guys this is it
I've got something I want to tell you
guys and I've finally done it right
finally doing it just ordered all of the
stuff for the office from Ikea now it
says it's not gonna arrive until next
week which is really goddamn annoying
and yeah that's just really annoying
isn't it like my my desk comes this week
this week comes Wednesday of this week
so well some of you guys are watching
this it's like the day after so it's
Wednesday of this week which is on the
sixth so that's on my desk Commons we're
gonna go and build that and then I'm
gonna record something for the main
channel obviously part 2 of the ultimate
gaming ultimate gaming office they are
so much work I need to do I'm gonna be
up until probably 4:00 in the morning
getting all my work finished and editing
this bad boy to get up fresh for you
guys as we do 6:00 p.m. every single day
where have you got who's got the
notifications on by the way who has the
notifications on I'd look to know let me
know in the comment section in the
comment section and stuff it on Twitter
and dice if you're not already quick
shout out make sure you spend the time
now just to go and follow me on all my
social medias because I'm trying I'm
really trying home Instagram at the
moment putting it's called pics and
stuff on there always do motivation and
stuff on Twitter just starting up now
pushing more out into my facebook page
if she's got like 15,000 likes on it so
if you guys are going like all of those
everything's in the description and I'll
put all the giveaways that I've
currently got going concurrently in the
description as well so if you haven't
entered them go and enter them I've
always got a giveaway running on this
channel and also I'm getting a call
tomorrow from the people that are gonna
be setting up my peer box so hopefully
soon you guys can send me some awesome
stuff but for now my name's Ben Alex you
guys have been wicked I'm a freak you
guys know this I've had a good day today
I've enjoyed it and we'll see you in our
next video adios 33 to
one
Hey oh my god just look at it look at
what you look at there oh look at that
that's nice and shiny okay oh absolutely
as well that's insane
