right I haven't been in here in a long
time
being in here meaning being in the gym
right and I don't know why I've just
been I've been like sort of just totally
forget about it leave me how not doing
it and at the start of the year I said
to myself one thing I want to do is try
and get fitter and try and get you know
just just better health and I just I
don't know if I've been bit haven't
really been that busy I mean you guys
have seen and in the long jump session
today today is Sunday let's do this
so I'll let you guys know yesterday in
yesterday's video that I needed to come
back to the office because I wanted to
have a day where we're gonna sit down
all of us together on unbox or have a
look at what Asus of centers for my
computer the gaming computer and the
editing computer here in the office I
don't know what they've sent me they've
sent me all the components with two
computers it's going to be a massive
livestream when we go ahead and make the
computers and stuff which should be
absolutely awesome that's on the 14th of
this month 14 at this moment yeah 14th
of this month so in like a week and a
bits time so that should be fun man Jade
like building computers sick so these
are all the box I don't know which way
to look at you guys this way so we've
got all the boxes here you know it's
gonna be the best and yeah let's get
inside them and see and see actually
what isn't inside of these things
because I don't really don't know what
they've said it's gonna be difficult for
me to decide whether what component is
for either my computer or the editing
computer I'm sure they're gonna send me
an email soon with all the parts listed
and what they're for but without further
ado so I said further ado you do you but
quickly do you without further ado let's
go further ado it's not kind of racist
okay I said that right we've got a case
first this is called the Eclipse Eclipse
series I think this is I think this is
for the anything computer because my my
case has got more of a cycle on it
oh wow that's really actually quite nice
so it's got like a case place our panel
and part of its belly play this is the
editing computer case my case is still
at home I forgot to bring it I don't
have enough space in my car
I'm sorry magnet the one alright let's
unbox this one see what we've got inside
this this apparently is from Asus
Panasonic Oh actors with the merch
check them out I've got aces pillow and
a nice is hot okay this is going to go
on the sofa in the office what else we
got
okay well the x99 saber-tooth
motherboard this I know already is going
to be for okay save it - thanks now I
only got this part of description for
you guys to be like let's try an
accommodation and I got some bubble wrap
got some cable mods cable mod LED light
strips oh well okay so after contact
asus and see what these are all about
they look wicked oh okay got a 980ti at
home at 9 @ 9b TTI is it straight guys -
straight - 980ti brilliant juicing that
6:12 car we've got velcro oh my god look
nice and shiny
okay oh it has only reason as well
that's insane but wait there's more 9:54
the editing ring that's brilliant
950 is registered card - it was premiere
pro as well so that should be good
okay liquid cooling madness
this is like Christmas what is in here
ramen ramen I practice run oh my god
240 given by Isis oh my god
got SSDs oh that's mental I'm never into
these are SSDs like they think these
would play together is it they
physically replace these but I don't
know I'm gonna have to look into this
stuff guys help me out here
we're doing this together and serve me
some some Haribo it runs my ability
why not to 750 watt power providers my
company that I've never heard of before
what is it big box ratified what are we
on 80 plus rated brilliant Platinum 750
watt should be just enough power to
copies of Windows 10 home 1 1 is Windows
10 throat and the editing room Wow okay
into tears hard drive 2 terabytes for
Terrace 6 terabytes 8 8 10 5 10 10
terabytes high performance lemongrease
we've got Intel Core i7 5820k 3.3 Peters
in this one we've got AI 760 700 K at 4
gigahertz
hold in the balls basis this is my
message this is the message for me to
you thank you for all of this cool stuff
and guys if you wanna find out all of
what what they are I've got it all in
the description with links to other
products if you guys want to see what's
going on and in my head I'm going to go
trying to figure out what parts are
gonna be flipped PCR pretty much got a
little bit of an idea but I'll figure it
out
this is wicked I feel like I want to
clean all this stuff up Bob just I just
want to leave it out just scattered
around and then I'll come in and do the
live stream with you guys I'll be
wearing my republican gamers hat and
we'll have the cushion oh this is gonna
be sick I can't wait so it's on the 14th
starting at 8 p.m. 14th starting at 8
p.m. we're gonna be live from the office
on twitch TV building these computers if
you want to come down for that this is
insane
write their name baby's literate in
pull-ups above all the gear inside
people do still coming miles well gaming
yeah the people that could be miles
ballgame for the people that have been
here since the start
so dark down here walk into the kitchen
and there's tape just finished up about
seven or eight games or League of
Legends is currently quarter past eleven
bang-on quarter past eleven hopefully
our pieces should be arriving shortly
Oh mate you outside it's really it seems
it's and there's no place that's your
Studios that just that's mine and then
what have you got yours is that's my one
okay that's my one and this one this one
is tomes here we go guys these two
pieces right here a lot of you guys
gonna tell me off for this right but I
never use this like I never use this
Tovar you'd love it don't you
you absolutely love this stuff so I give
Toby my one and he has two and he thinks
it's not the best thing ever
you Louie don't you know just ketchup
but yeah you do leave your ketchup as
well
was it be in liquids so it's currently
224 in the morning then if you guys can
see that on there two three four in the
morning so apologies if I come across
really tired because I'm rarely am I've
got Ben and Jerry's keeping me awake and
yes the pizza was good so you guys know
yesterday in yesterday's video I was
actually filming a wedding now I got
back last night and not edited it a
little about why look at a few of the
clips that I got especially a slow
motion clip which I think really
captures the expression on the clients
faces and I want to show you guys it
because I really do think it's quite
cool it's here as they come out the
church
how nice was that show so I've come to
editing this and I realized I didn't
actually record an ending for this vlog
so this is the ending this is the end
this is the end is also a great film if
you haven't watched this at the end out
you should watch it it's got a Seth
MacFarlane and everyone in it but hope
you enjoyed today's video guys the live
stream is on the 14th which is a
Thursday I will see you guys soon I love
you guys
adios today we're excited to announce
the feature that people have been asking
about since we launched the ability to
watch every video in 360 with Snoop Dogg
