any point in these videos you just want
to apologize because the camera I'm
currently using to record my vlogs does
not have a flip-out screen therefore I
just can't see if I'm actually in the
frame this is a bad idea and I'm gonna
stop this right now this is the cable
management kit that I bought it's got
like the little nail things in it it's
got plastic black things it's got velcro
it's got cable ties it's got more
plastic this is so cool you know what
next time I go to Ikea I'm gonna buy a
load of these and do a giveaway yet and
I also got some of these one for my desk
and one for Jed's just because they look
really cool you can put that pencils and
stuff in them and they also got myself
some candles one for the office one for
my bedroom and one for a friend what's
up 12 o'clock right so let's take all
the stuff like the computer parts that
are all down here and all the IKEA store
but I don't want at this house round to
the office so it's ready for next week
it's really having the check out
yesterday I didn't realize you actually
have to pay for one of these bugs
therefore TP I don't think I paid for
mine so play video done yeah fix it
yeah cool mate the cars just full of
just stuff I don't know where you gonna
put all your kit I can't close my door
simply because there's just trees I have
to go to put the window down the forest
be at one with the forest and then maybe
I can everything alex owns a black tack
on it every single thing I know that you
own has black tack on it probably yeah
yeah yeah yo guys how you doing
gonna be honest with you right
I can't I don't really know if I'm
dreaming or not there goes jad see you
mate hello but in all honesty in the
last three vlogs I've met up with fans
like being out in town meeting up with
fans and stuff people saying hi to me
and recognizing me off YouTube and it's
just insane like
I just can't comprehend this stuff you
guys are awesome every single one of you
mean the absolute world to me I imagine
if I could meet all of you imagine if I
could just meet all of you at once I'll
be so cool man
look at this 911 look nah it's just gold
man
one day Alex one day man you'll get
there I'm weak but this stuff is also
very very very very heavy cool there we
go as excited as I am to go and check
out what's in the boxes I'm gonna leave
it probably until Sunday because I've
got not I've got like anything to do on
Sunday got anything to do on Sunday I've
got nothing to do on Sunday so why not
all of those just come to the office I'm
gonna sit down and look through what
we've got Oh back in the car and back
home that poor she just died up next to
me and it sounds gorgeous it's taking
off oh my god oh my god oh my god Oh
Middlesbrough plane tonight boro boro FC
Middlesbrough yeah I support
Middlesbrough FC Football Club if you
didn't realize that I know there's a few
of you guys that do as well because
you're coming in line tweeting me my
Alex Bora playing yeah I know they are
hopefully we win tonight
no hard feelings if we don't know we'll
probably lose because most the time we
are just absolutely goddamn awful so I
haven't just brought you guys down to
the floor level on the floor because
I've got nowhere else to put you guys I
want you guys to be down here with me oh
right and pretty much the reason is you
can probably see it on the screen now
and you're probably very disappointed if
you like Alex what are you doing however
you let this happen
I know I just want to go out and say I'm
really sorry I'm really sorry but we've
got this let's see what we've got inside
how do you open it so this is the first
concern oh okay okay now that's pretty
cool this is wicked the one thing I
wanted to try out was this what is this
oh that is brilliant so what you do with
this is it's got a sticky pad on the
back and you stick this to your desk and
then you can put one of these cable ties
through it but for what I need I think
all I need is maybe one of these maybe
just one of these so you see this big
group of cables here what I'm thinking
is if yeah is if I take the sticky pad
off this here you see like that like
that take the sticky pad off there put
this up there like that give it a bit of
a push so we know it's stuck on and then
what we can do is thread through cable
tie which is this little bit here thread
that straight through that oh my god and
look at that
that's brilliant at this cable that was
dangling down here I just managed to
tuck it under so that one didn't need
any cable management the thing is I've
pretty much done I'm okay with
management back then it was screws and
cable ties and it looks really dirty but
this this is really really really quite
cool I'm impressed
IKEA I'm impressed this thing has
actually got me to thinking there's so
much stuff I want to do with this room
as you guys know Jedi house just bought
my 13 inch MacBook off me I've done it
it's a little bit of a favor to help him
out because his main computer at home is
broken so me being a half-decent friend
of giving it I've given him it like for
like 200 pounds and I'm letting him like
pay me the extra and over the next few
months like because he just doesn't have
the money to pay for it right now
so I've given him that he's gone home
with it so that means this editing rig
is now a dead editing rig so there's no
point having the screen here there's so
much more stuff I want to do in this
room like we also made this setup I was
not happy with it I saw he's left
everything else you just do its thing
and if I take you guys with me look I'll
show you exactly what I mean so in here
if we go into here I've got some sort of
batteries charging station going on down
there really messy
turn over to the other side we've got
this charging station over here for
batteries matches my cameras USB hubs
again all really messy all these stupid
USB extensions next to the desk I mean
this was for Jeff's phone and then I
plug this one in when like Maria comes
over so she can charge her phone in in
this bit but there's like you just no
point in it I'd love to sort it all out
and get a proper charging station for
all the cameras charging station for
phones that I'm working on and my
personal devices might have got people
over sort out like a massive charging
wall I think it will be really cool I'm
just so happy that everything is finally
finally finally finally coming together
for the office in the next few weeks
we're gonna be building the pcs building
the desks oh it's gonna be so much fun
and I'll it
surely cannot wait to do this with you
guys like you don't understand how
pumped I am
I've actually got a wedding shoot
tomorrow so I'm gonna be going and
shooting the actual wedding portion the
actual wedding the actual wedding day is
tomorrow
of the wedding that I went to get the
b-roll for the other day with the drone
you guys saw that in the vlog so
hopefully tomorrow I'll take you guys
through what it's like to shoot a
wedding video and how and how that is
and how I and how I do that and how I
operate at weddings interacting the
clients which is really fun I've never
really shown you guys like this side of
me before and I thought you know what
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it so we're
gonna we're gonna do some client work
tomorrow guys tonight I'm actually going
to the cinema with Maria we're gonna go
to the cinema together we're gonna go
and see 10 Cloverfield Lane some
weird-ass freaky film so wish me luck
hopefully I don't jump-scare didn't jump
scare the crap out of me and make me
look like a little bitch but yes I'm
gonna cut today's vlog show guys I
apologize haven't done much today just
have to do the errands take the stuff to
the office and an edited tech clove IDEO
and yada yadi add all the background
stuff but tomorrow she'll be really
interesting and I've actually got
something really fun I want to do with
the drone like really fun it's gonna be
wicked so for now my name's Finn Alex
you guys have been awesome
wait it's Friday today this videos gonna
be out on Saturday and why does that
hope you guys have had an awesome week
but I hope you guys had an awesome
Saturday and I'll see you in my next
video thank you for all the support on
the videos recently I
oh by the way I'm not going to end it
yet do you guys like the outro music you
know the thing that builds up and then I
say adios and it drops are you ready for
this
adios
the reason I'm doing the outro music is
just because I want to leave you guys
with some good vibes at the end of every
video I hope all of you are alright and
okay and if you know feel free to tweet
me I love you guys
