good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another video
Oh all of you are okay and doing really
really well
Jed's washing his hair up some reason
not quite sure why but we have just
wrapped up filming a tech flow video
yeah you can see got the microphone out
cables everywhere it's pretty messy in
here I actually want to show you guys
something something actually quite
incredible
I hope I'm happy about it and I just I
hope I hope you guys are gonna be happy
about it too because it means we've got
more awesome content comment it's just
outside my bedroom door you ready I'll
show you right now you see them boxes
down there yeah I think you know what
they are if you don't know what they are
they are the computer parts for the
office computers my computer my gaming
computer and the editing computer which
Jed is gonna be sat out probably 90% of
the time you know I make I don't so I'm
about to go and take a trip of a
lifetime well much rather we are but
this is the first time for me doing this
except exercise exercise would you call
it an exercise experience I'll let you
guys know what the experience is in just
one second but first yes this is all of
the computer parts for the two computers
for the office now pencil this in your
diary it's not this week it's next week
next Thursday I think it's the 14th
I think it's Thursday the 14th we're
gonna be live-streaming
I was building these computers sidenote
dad's never built a computer in his life
so hopefully it should be quite fun and
hopefully it doesn't break anything or
kill me or kill him or me for that
matter
got to take all this stuff run to the
office tonight because I don't want it
messing up the gangway the gangway the
lobby in my house that's not what we
want what am i doing I'm vlogging Mike I
put out my comment so we're just about
to venture into the car right now I'm
not gonna tell you guys where we're
going until we get there
I've never been there before right and
let me tell you guys this yesterday I
asked you guys to link me to some cheap
but affordable coffee tables to put the
xbox in the ps4 on in the office
nevertheless you guys went to work
there's thousands of Twitter
notifications that I got you guys
linking me to stuff like for the office
and pretty much 90% of it was from this
place where we're going right now so I
thought instead of buying it online
let's go take a trip there
you guys figured out where we are yet
because the thing is I just filmed a
load of clips in slow motion and when
you're filming the slow motion on this
camera it doesn't record audio which is
absolutely brilliant so the last week
rips Ben no audio still say crepes
crepes so no we're in Ikea this is says
like this is a two-bedroom flat kitchen
solutions media solution sleeping
solutions Jed don't lose me I'm scared
there are little frogs in the tempo
video Jeb's off his tips what is this
what is it
look at this little set set something so
I found this little set right here this
little piece right here which is this
and it's really cool for many reasons
number one it's floating which is
absolutely wicked and number two inside
it you can literally just take the back
boards out and have access to all the
HDMI cables and all you plug socket so
you can have the Xbox ps4 Rooter
everything inside of here and it'll be
great for cable management now these are
really cool these are like replacement
LEDs for safe you've got some LEDs under
your desk check these out look for these
you've got a little color wheel you can
turn them on and off that's pretty cool
21 quid we just bought one of those so I
can actually reach high places in the
office but we're currently in the bit
with all the desks and it's amazing look
at that light look just look at the
Jed's found this desk right and he said
alex is frickin amazing I really want it
so obviously my desk tour sort it's been
delivered next Wednesday
letting you guys know that but Jed you
like this desk yeah
you like it a lot so it has this set for
a bit here these little legs and you
literally take these little things out
right here and you can adjust the height
and then you buy a slab of wood whatever
you want I mean that one is gorgeous as
well been here for days unless you lost
they didn't work where are we where are
we
but I thought this bit was a different
way but it's not it's a totally
different bit than the bit where we were
before it she's still different this is
called the fixer it's literally a cable
management set I'm having one of these
we've seen this jet here's your LEDs
here we go there's the LEDs oh my god
I'm literally in heaven
this is insane pull the string jet oh my
god
a little funny no worries man
Oh nice meeting you my friend you see
catch your own guys very very very
successful trip to Ikea like really
successful spent like 60 quid on some
plants and some little bits for the
office we found some desks and my car is
there I need to drive it over to there
so that we can pick up jet because he's
got all the plants and stuff at the
loading bay yeah I'm ready the plants
going out the window
right in my friend joke on get in the
car mate get in I'm sorry I don't
so just been to Ikea
Alex accidentally record all those stuff
in slow motion so apologies for that but
we're back home now we're gonna have a
quick look at all the Asus gear and then
probably do something a bit mental let's
do this
Oh
flyballs dang it good
