this is a quick message before today's
vlog actually starts in yesterday's vlog
I said to you guys that I'm gonna be
doing a giveaway once a month and I
finally set up the link so you guys can
enter the giveaway which I mentioned in
yesterday's video so that link will be
in the description right now enjoy
today's vlog good morning guys how are
we all doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another video
I'm currently sweating around on this on
this 9 bar but it is a little bit too
large to be to be on it indoors and I
can't get through this gap here between
mud between the bed and the desk I just
can't do it I've done it and through and
through and through a thing right I'm
here we're ready to go this morning
I have cleaned my room made a sandwich
and been to the gym well hold on a
minute though let's just go back a
little bit in time to the part where I
was making a sandwich remember that bit
this bit yeah that happened the camera
fell off landed straight on the lens and
then I'll know don't get me wrong the
camera itself is absolutely fine look at
it it's in great Nick right brilliant
but
this is the lens it's always me
I swear down
guaranteed to the urban rx100 guarantee
you
don't a 5,000 here I think it has a flip
up screen I had this at one point but I
didn't really I didn't really like it
that much yeah as a flip up display
could go into it like this but no no I
just can't I just can't do it
it just don't have any of the cameras
that I want they do have Corsair gear
though I think it's the k70 RGB oh my
god this is the k70 RGB
that's the k70 RGB that's the keyboard
that I want one of the workers in that
was like are you from YouTube that is
sig no but to cut a long story short
they don't have the camera that I want
they don't have the rx100 mark 4 which
is the one I've broken and they don't
have the a 3000 which I'm not even sure
if that cameras out yet but I'm either
gonna get the a 3 what is he a 6 3000 or
another X 100 mark 4 bought this bench
right here not for the sole purpose of
putting all of this kit on it
this bench was bought for to act as a
coffee table that's gonna go in between
the tables it's actually gonna go here
and the sofa this is gonna go here it's
a coffee table at the start of 2016 I
originally planned to be moved into this
office 100% by March it's now the end of
March and I still don't have my death or
the computers yet but to make a move on
this thing to make a start let's try and
sort out this I am really just wanted to
get all this sorted out right now so
here we are imagine putting a Philips
hue bulb inside of that and then being
able to change the color of the bulb
from your phone let me show you guys
which lights I'm thinking of replacing
these with these lights these are the
lights
I want to replace this is all outdoor
furniture I'm so lost where's that oh
it's up there so lost I don't know where
the hell I am in this place is
absolutely massive
I think the homie stuff is just over
there but these kitchens are really nice
check these out
I mean this is a cool kitchen look at it
okay now this letter thing is pretty
cool I think we should get one of these
as well it's something like this
that I need this is what I need this
little oak coffee table to put the ps4
and the Xbox on but I think this one
just isn't right for some reason man
that's just so disappointing they've got
like no choice of coffee tables but
they've got a wide selection of doors or
even fireplaces there's about six back
there six or seven one coffee table one
help me out home base well that is just
majorly disappointing isn't it I thought
I was going to come back than the nice
coffee table to put my xbox on the ps4
on but no homebase have only got a
selection of one coffee table so it
looks like we're gonna be looking online
or maybe IKEA or a nice coffee table you
know what you guys can find one on IKEA
tweet me it or find one online in the UK
tweet me it and all to spend too much
moon on a coffee table but if you can
find a nice one
tweet me it okay I just hit them to
Halfords because I absolutely love
Halfords just because I like our
freshness where's my jelly babies guess
who's gonna have the best smelling car
in Newark I just dropped a penny so
where does the Tooth Fairy put the money
so the Tooth Fairy didn't put the money
for your tooth under the pillow they put
it up there yes that's silly isn't it
how much did you get from the Tooth
Fairy two pounds it was a clean tooth
was it
Wow guys guys guys guys guys progress
progress progress
I've just had a text from my man I've
just had a text a message on my phone
from our guys over at Asus and they've
said I'll get it all sent out tomorrow
boom boom yes what he's talking about
there is the computer components for
both my office computer and the editing
station computer now I need to ask you
guys a question I'm just about to go to
Clara's house because I want to start
kickboxing with Clara and she's taking
me to this thing that she does a
kickboxing class and I'm gonna go and
watch her kick box and see if it looks
entertaining and see if I want to do the
class myself but before I go there I
wouldn't ask you guys something
do I get for the vlogging camera the
sony a6300 with a 16 250 ml lens which
would do all my vlogging needs easily or
the canon a TD which is the camera that
Casey Neistat has got and most likely of
course I'm gonna put back there straight
away if I do get the ATD people will
literally just say I'm copying Casey
nice that when all I want is a camera
that's gonna be cool for recording
videos so I think I'm gonna go with the
a6 300 but I'm not sure can you guys let
me know right let's go boxing
whoa just got back from boxing with
Clara and that was really really really
cool I wanted to video it but that would
have been a little bit weird pretty much
let me set the scene for you there was
loads of people in a room and one person
had pads on you getting partners and
then just going like how money is like
just and then the kick box and that bang
and it's really cool honestly it's
really cool
I'd love to get into it and do it myself
I'm probably gonna go to the next
session that Clara goes to with her but
do it properly and try and do it with
her and try and learn because it would
be really fun I did used to do a little
bit of boxing but not kickboxing
kickboxing is a little bit more fun and
energetic but I've been invited out
tonight with Maria Clara Rajeev and
everyone all the massive Premji group so
I am going out tonight I'm going to come
back here it's about 3 o'clock in the
morning probably probably very drunk but
that's fine
yeah they're cool I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's video I've got a load of
stuff to do tomorrow but let's do it
together in the vlog adios
