I'll get it in this time big strike oh
Jesus good morning guys oh my god I
actually said good morning for one so
usually say good afternoon in these
videos but yes my name is Alex and
welcome back to another daily video I
just want to say right off the bat
apologies for me having to sort of my
hair I've done nothing with it today so
it's just like you know a mop yeah one
of those I just come out for a walk this
morning it's always good to have some
time to yourself every now and again
just to think about what you've been
thinking about the last few days that
makes any sense and just callate
everything that's been going on in your
mind tank and it's good to just reflect
on it and have some time alone and just
think about it but let's move from
outside to inside go to the office
because I've got something I want to
show you guys
we
so I'm here and I've got something I
want to show you guys
Jesus man John always those mean I still
do it this is what I want to show you
guys you probably think in here Alex
we've seen it before what's the deal I'm
going to go ahead and try and be
blatantly honest with you guys you mean
the absolute world to me like the
absolute world to me it's unreal the
effect you guys have in my life it's
insane so on my blogs wantam every
Sunday I'm gonna try and do it on a
sunday we're gonna have give away sunday
actually waves up some days monday now
i'm currently giving away an asus rog
gr8 pc they're worth about 700 pounds
that giveaway is still going on so our
drop a link to that in the description
but the whole point of doing this
giveaway monday thing is that i can do
it once a month and that means all the
time 24 hours a day 7 days a week 365
days a year there's some sort of
opportunity for you guys to enter a
giveaway a first giveaway everyone
hopefully I can do that for you guys so
I evidently the first prize i'm going to
be doing in give away monday is the
edifier MP 700 bluetooth speaker Oh what
is that only one of the ways I'm trying
to give back to you guys slowly but
surely because you changed my life
hopefully that makes sense
this is another room in this office this
is someone else's office they've got
this sofa here that they say they don't
want anymore and they said I could have
it for my office which is really cool
but I don't know if I like it it's a
little bit Brown and a little bit I
don't know if it'll suit it good to
think of it we are gonna have to get a
surfer at some point because I can't sit
here on this chair this chair is going
to end up going over there next to my
desk this chair is going to be going
here next to this desk and speaking of
the desks I ordered them three weeks ago
man what I've been emailing the guy and
it's been like yo that I've got the
desktop they're all made their ready
I've just been trying to arrange
delivery and I'm like okay that's cool
and it says the same thing every single
time I think I'm just going to get my
money back because it's just like I've
just where are they I want to do episode
2 of the gaming den which is definitely
the question I've been getting the most
over the last two weeks Alex where is
episode two of the gaming damn well I'm
waiting on two things one of those
things being my actual desk which I have
the polls for down there because always
him building them myself and I'm waiting
for the desk over there and the other
thing is the computers whichever one of
those things comes first will be the
episode I make of the gaming den but
none of them are arriving and it's an
issue and it's annoying me can you guys
see how high this jump is Oh God so yet
to answer your question where is the
gaming den part 2 it's coming but I'm
just as clueless as you guys are because
i'm waiting on things to do here but
those things to do here just aren't
arriving
this time you're gonna stay on I can't
believe I've than an entire video today
with my hair like this watch leave me
alone for two minutes I've just been
applying to a few of your guys snapchats
and this user right here it wants me to
come on live feed with him so I'm gonna
do it now on the vlog guys
no guys this is awesome I really
appreciate it is it all right for put
you in the blog gonna put gonna put you
in is that ok just seeing the smiles on
their faces I want to I want to cry are
you putting me on snapchat you snapchat
and me on snapchat snapchat ception hey
guys how you doing I'm being snap shade
right now you too mate I really
appreciate that mate you've been awesome
mate thank you very much i really
appreciate it dude have a good night
mate how fast my heart me why is your
heart be indeed as I'm so excited I'm so
excited legitimately seeing your guys
faces and putting just a face to the
view counter is absolutely phenomenal
like that has just made my night I'm
gonna do this a lot more and just try
and actually talk to you guys and
physically speak to you because you guys
mean the world to me but you guys are
going to tell me off of this and I know
you are and see it coming Alex you like
to be healthy why are you doing this to
yourself the temptation is overwhelming
me it's time to get this bad boy in the
microwave what am i doing this to myself
why am I doing this to myself why am I
doing this to myself why I'm not doing
its to myself why am i doing its to
myself it's too late oh my god oh my god
oh come on oh I am going to end this
vlog here I do hope you guys have
enjoyed if you have and you've enjoyed
the video a like rating will be awesome
you know what else we make this is ting
we make
never asked for it ever never see is
really necessary but if you guys do
enjoy the videos I like rating would be
absolutely awesome if you could leave
one and a comment in the comment section
just let me know what you've done today
you guys have watched my day let me know
how your days been and also if you
dislike the video and you didn't like it
let me know why in the comments section
down below and leave it dislike but for
now mine is Mike's this there's been
some cabbage chocolate melted in the
microwave for 1 minute and 40 seconds
and i'll see you in my next video eddie
house good afternoon guys how are we all
doing my name is of course Alex and hope
all of you yesterday had an absolutely
fantastic Easter I without my dog to
find to Easter eggs which I'm probably
not going to eat because I'm not a
massive chocolate lover and you know
what no scrap that I'm going to eat
these
