good afternoon guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex and I hope all
of you yesterday had an absolutely
fantastic Easter I preserve my dog to
find two Easter eggs which I'm probably
not going to eat because I'm not a
massive chocolate lover you know what no
scrap that I'm going to eat these and
I'm probably going to get diabetes which
isn't good one of the main issues with
having like your cages like this like
each day you have to see like you have
to go make trips to see like two
different sides of my family so I've
just arrived of rhiannon for my stepmoms
mum's house if that makes sense I think
this is the house I don't ring the
doorbell in cases to the wrong house of
course me being the techno whiz kid I've
come round of those issues that I saw
out partly this phone's Bluetooth isn't
pairing to this car I'm now spending my
Easter fixing Bluetooth I will started
up actually no we don't want to started
need to be a neutral girl why are you
broken why have you done this what what
it what what what is going on car why
why Bluetooth telephone and it just says
please wait no is unfixable their
internet was down as well so I'll fix
that at least I've got a fix in one
thing now I'm going to see my actual mum
Thank You Jan for the Easter president
even though does not mean Easter egg on
a house jamming it but I do love me some
jam on my bagels arrived at mums
fashionably late as usual
yeah
now that goes hey you've got to go what
oh my god it's actually going up isn't
it
so the water's going that's that's going
from there to this end isn't it no it's
going as well I'll tell you I'm stuffed
after that pie
yeah pie and some lemon meringue but put
in and I've also got this this is really
cool what would you say spicy chocolate
extreme chili chocolate so it goes from
miles all the way to extreme and it says
the extreme one the stuff that's in it
can be used for a deterrent for
deterrent for bears dogs and elephants
can have side effects like blindness
difficulty breathing and burning skin I
don't believe that somehow but we'll try
anyway
Toby's here so pretty much from what I
can gather what you have to do is you
print off a story which is what we've
done by the way don't think I'm super
smart
I've got like plural noun an adverb and
verb and objective but the definitions
of what they are on my computer so I can
actually you know run the ugly fat
thing yeah yeah okay that makes
sense let's just give it a go and see
what we think of it should we do my own
first yeah that's good okay the wax
article of clothing body part left
testicle
a few moments later the story the
masterpiece has been written it was not
funny I'm a really busy penny each and
every day where a book at half that you
know shows off your less testicle to
hairy advantage you make sure your
sailboat looks like a million vibrators
even if the two of you make meaningful
right testicle contacts I don't admit it
never hooked all chopped tomatoes just
shake his or her nostril firmly and
remember when he or she asked you out
even though a cure may run down your
ping-pong ball and you can't stop your
ship from right you're gonna my go my go
you'll go native fat plural man Xbox
controllers adjectives disgusting baby
story is complete let's hear it this is
called political speech political speech
okay ladies and gentlemen on this
beautiful occasion it's a privilege to
address such a fat looking group of
testicles I promise that if elected
there will be a toothbrush in every
bunghole and two phones never dried I
want to warn you against my disgraceful
opponent mr. Toby the man is nothing but
a shameful iPhone it has a sweaty
character and it's working Peterson blur
with the criminal element if elected I
promise to eliminate Vice I will keep
the vaginas off the city streets I will
keep crooks from dipping their vibrators
in the public till I promise you a heavy
government lethargic taxis and sexy
schools okay that's pretty good that's
the live challenge if you want to do it
yourself
I'll drop a link to where you can
download the stories in in the
description I won't know I always forget
an onion
I'll bet you I forgot
it's 4:30 2:00 in the morning
okay so it is really early in the
morning right now but everything outside
is still dark is chucking it down and
what I want to do is two things I want
to go and take a picture of my car
parked in the middle of the road with a
really long exposure and and here the
water is so screaming so heavy and I
want to go see if there's any really
cool places where we could do a
nighttime drone shoot with the GPS
location of the car like we did in the
field but nighttime make it absolutely
awesome wow that's a long time there's
no way right now I've got to do is turn
all of the lights off get the light out
all the points we're going to take this
photo so I can see what I'm doing
where's my camera here it is right okay
shut the speed why are we ready let's
take it in three two one
I'm gonna show you guys the photo in
three two one boom right look at that
whilst I try and move my car from off
the middle of this road now guys what
did you think of that
is itcool photo or what I was driven
past an ambulance and how to like
overtaking she was pulling over on my
side of the road having to call an
ambulance at quarter to five five
o'clock in the morning mustn't be a good
sign my thoughts and feelings go out to
whatever is happening back there not
good guys check out this last photo and
tell me what you think of that and if we
can improve it let me know and we'll
come out and try and do it again I think
it was pretty cool but guys that where I
am now it is now 5:00 a.m. in the
morning and there's a big long road that
goes down here and I'd okay what is down
here what is that okay we're not doing
this you've enjoyed it if you have a
like rating would be absolutely awesome
and you know what just before just
before I head off on today's vlog I just
talked about the video I learned
yesterday about time and time keeping
and how to make sure you bring always
positive cause a lot of controversy down
in the comment section down below like
50% of the people said that it was like
really inspirational and it was really
cool and it helped them out and the
other 50% will I this is crap you've
just wasted 10 minutes of my time and
like those comments like really hurt me
like that like I spent time trying to
make videos and like only trying to help
people and just tell people what's going
on in my brain and tell people honestly
what I'm thinking and try and help
people out and then when people say I'm
wasting 10 minutes of their time that's
actually really hurtful and you guys
need to be careful with like what you're
saying to content grays and stuff
because you know I'm fairly pretty much
like a brick like it takes a lot to
really affect me but saying those things
to another content creator could like
really hurt them so guys just be careful
with what you saying
to content creators of course creative
criticism is always is always welcome a
hundred percent but just put in the
comments saying you've just wasted my
time doesn't help anyone and yeah I just
thought I'd let you guys know that but
no thank you to the people back home
that liked it and to the people that
thought it was a bit crap then I've
ready to apologize then I'll try my best
to make some cool videos this week for
you guys for all of you
and as I say if you've got any
suggestions you want to see me do
anything the comment section is of
course the place for that but for now my
Snorlax I love you guys so much and I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog adios
