hanging on honey
I'm hanging and I don't know what to do
like to eat this and then get on stage
with you
yo guys that's a good shot isn't it oh I
know tell me about it I look like an
absolute state that's number one because
I was out last night and number two is
because I'm also in desperate need of a
haircut I need to get this thing sorted
out I don't know what's going on so for
now just don't look at me so this is my
hundred and seventh daily vogue I
haven't stopped doing this thing daily
if you want to get back 107 days you'll
see the first video I ever made in this
journey to daily vlog now my daily vlogs
are probably around seven minutes seven
times 107 is something like 750 749
something like that so that's 749
minutes of content a feature film length
is about two hours which is 120 minutes
120 divided into 749 is six six six
point three six point six point two so
I've made the equivalent of six feature
films in length through vlogs how
amazing is that and how amazing is time
someone said something mean to me
yesterday I suppose it wasn't really
mean it was more of their opinion but
pretty much what they said and I'm not
gonna name any names because I'm not
horrible person but pretty much what
they said to me was your vlogs are
getting boring because all you do is
talk now the first thing I thought when
I saw this comment was world on a minute
this week in the past seven days
we've been out messing around with 7,000
pound cameras and putting them on
segways we've been playing with inspire
1 drones and mini mini 1 DS which is my
car we've been using the follow me
feature on the drone we've been up to
all souls I don't just talk but that's
not the point I want to talk about
this watch was a birthday present off of
my granddad who died of cancer I think
about four years ago and he bought this
off the lucky lucky man on the beach on
the Port of Spain this was a fairly
cheap watch
this is an Apple watch this is my main
watch and this wasn't a cheap watch as
you will know because it's an Apple
product this is a g-shot watch and I
absolutely love gee shucks I've been
wearing gee shucks since I was about
seven years old the reason I'm telling
you guys this is because time is
precious but you know else time is time
is also free and widely available to
everyone time is something that everyone
has is there and it's free for everyone
to use now no matter how different you
think one person might be from another
how different you think I might be to
you
time is a leveler in an ideal world I
have the exact 24 hours a day 365 days
of my year as you do time is the most
precious aspect of life unfortunately if
you don't like my videos I can't give
you back that time that you spent
watching them but hopefully just hear me
out and listen to what I'm gonna say
because I want to show you how to
effectively use your time the most
baffling thing about time is it is the
exact same thing for everyone but it
varies so dramatically from person to
person
it's how you spend that time that makes
all the difference the thing is even if
two people are doing the exact same
thing the time spent varies dramatically
depending on their thoughts and feelings
at that given time and from that we
develop what's called an experience but
the thing is time isn't unlimited you
only get the amount of time to do a
certain amount of experiences in your
lifetime and this is why is
really really really really important to
make sure you enjoy to the utmost 100%
every experience that you do with your
time but the thing is experiences can be
destroyed in a matter of literally
milliseconds depending on your personal
thoughts and feelings although it is
really really really difficult to do so
it's 100 percent key to keep your mind
clear positive and grab some headspace
expanding on the headspace analogy okay
imagine your mind is a clear blue sky
your mind is a clear blue sky and the
clouds in the sky represent your
thoughts and your feelings now every now
and again just like real life outside
this window right here there may every
now and again come some gray clouds some
rain maybe even a storm but we all know
that the storm outside in the rain
outside isn't going to last forever
and that's the thing that people need to
drill into their heads yeah we get some
nice fluffy clouds that come along now
and again and we get some little
thoughts in there sometimes you know
maybe we'll get some gray clouds and
things are a little bit you know maybe
we've got some horrible thoughts in our
heads sometimes we all get that storm
every now and again but the thing to
remember and the thing to always have
the top of your mind is that it's never
ever gonna constantly rain or
thunderstorm in your head any problem
you have will soon go away it's not
gonna last forever so just remember if
you do get a storm in your head one of
those clouds comes along and it's a
horrible dark gray cloud and it's
raining Thunder storming in your head
and it's a horrible floor and you've got
horrible things going on just remember
that yes it may have a detrimental
effect on your life depending on what
that situation is but remember it will
soon pass just like what would happen
outside in the real world so the moral
of the headspace story is you need to
train your brain to think or know that
whatever
a bad thought the thunderstorm the
horrible gray clouds they will
eventually clear away it's not going to
last forever and once you understand
that and drill that into your brain it
will make any problem you have less of
an issue because you know it's just not
going to last forever and once you
understand that everything will be a lot
better linking us back into time and
what we were talking about before I
don't want to be spending my time and I
don't want you guys to be spending your
time doing things that we don't enjoy
maybe we've got negative thoughts maybe
we're doing something we don't enjoy
hence the guy commenting on my videos
saying I don't like your videos because
you're starting to talk too much in your
vlogs
dude that's absolutely fine and I'm
really sorry that you don't like that
please go ahead and don't waste your
time watching me then go and watch
another content creator that you enjoy
see but in this video all I've done is
sit here and talk to you guys but I've
tried to teach you guys a lesson and
give you guys some advice on how I deal
with my own personal problems so as well
as us going out and doing fun things I
do in these vlogs love to sit down and
have a chat with you guys and just talk
about life and guys if you don't like
that then please unsubscribe from the
channel and go and watch some of the
content because I personally don't want
you guys wasting your valuable time
doing something you don't enjoy look oh
this mess on my desk this just isn't
freaking cool my grandma came on
yesterday my grandma actually watches my
vlogs which is absolutely awesome so hi
grandma but yeah she bought me she
bought me these little little nose these
these are little things things like that
saying I talk like this now I'm joking
pretty much what they are is they are
magnetic toast tongs and as you guys
have probably picked up if you've been
watching a lot of my vlogs and I do like
a nice bagel now and again and what
these are for they are forgetting the
bagels out of the RV out of the toast
out of your toaster so you don't burn or
electrocute your fingers this was full
about half an hour ago and I've eaten
four of these bad boys there's one left
I think I need to just leave this one
tool Easter
and actually eat it tomorrow when it's
Easter so guys thank you very much for
watching today's vlog if you enjoyed it
and you thought it was interesting and
you like my theory brand my this is only
my theory and my opinions on what I
think time is and how people should
spend it only my opinion and I'm just
letting you guys know that but if you
agreed with it and you're gonna sort of
like do it to yourself and your own life
then please let me know with the like
rating under comment down below and
you've got your own theories on time I'd
love to hear them in the comment section
down below well I promise hopefully in
tomorrow's video we can go out and do
something fun and interesting and not
sit here and talk because apparently
someone doesn't like that but yeah my
name's no likes you guys have been
wicked and I'll see you in my next video
I love you guys so much
adios
