great three miles I never run in
daylight I always run at night
hi guys good morning how you all doing
behind them is how cool those guys and
welcome back to another daily vlog my
running shoes are really dirty I don't
want to step on their on the carpet
incredible news to bring all of you
today but first I need a quick so I know
all of you guys are thinking to
yourselves Alex what's the news what
have you got to tell us and guys yes
this this is a big deal okay
it's finally live link in description
link in bio you're gonna see me doing
this a hell of a lot the merge guys is
lied you're gonna see me plugging this a
lot more in the videos and as you guys
can see well I'm not wearing it myself
because well today right now of this
video going live at 6 p.m. this is the
first time anybody is able to buy it
including me
it is loads of leda's in√©s in the works
so please bear that in mind that is only
two designs up on the site at the moment
but the reason I work to do this right
now and not to kick this off with the
limited edition thing is because I want
you guys to be able to get your hands on
the merch before Christmas so that is
the thing if you order the merch right
now or in the next couple of days it
will arrive guys before Christmas
but guys link in description the merch
is live I've ordered mine right now
I've ordered one of everything my
favorite one is probably the white
vertical hoodie but guys just let you
know there's loads more designs that are
literally sat on my computer but they're
all limited edition things and they'll
be dropping next yeah however guys the
barcode and vertical slide please
link in description screenshot me on
Twitter or on Instagram or on anything
your orders please I want you guys in
the merch it's taking me so long to do
this so so long right I'm waiting for
Luke
area today's your big day because we're
not gonna break down are we so guys
round two let's go and let's not break
so guys I've made it in tomato Hall
actually on time today we haven't broken
down and I'm going to go to Apple and
try and get back my Apple watch and my
macbook and hopefully they're all fixed
I'll keep you guys updated app will
store trick you ready so let's say you
want a case yeah right you aren't this
one yeah we pull it out night and day if
I
okay now Awards into the Apple Store I
was instantly pulled to one side Lou
what do they say can you come to the
side ledger this end can you come to the
side they pulled me to the side the
manager of the store pulled me to the
side and they were like right we've seen
your YouTube videos please don't talk
about our products on there it was not
very nice and it really just is quite
frustrating because I've actually got
nothing but good to say about them like
they're a brilliant company who have
handled this case really really well no
filming I have said a few nasty things
in the past yes but I've said it they've
handled those nasty things very well and
also I've been annoyed that the products
have broken so easily mainly depending
on the price of them both of the night
they've been absolutely brilliant and
now they won't let me film they pull me
to the side and they were like stop
filming in the store just to preface I
mean zzs right now and they absolutely
love me filming in here the waiters are
all like all what you film in and how to
explain that it's going on YouTube and
it's a thing that I do and even the
people have Meadowhall or fine with it
but soon as you go into the Apple store
cool no way not a chance
absolutely I love it
guys check this out these are absolutely
awesome
you ready for it how cool are these
another two things you're gonna be
releasing these or not but these are
some I phone cases with Mike with my
name on you guys know I'm working hard
on merchandise at the moment this
crystal a little bit fun and games think
no man if you guys would want phone
cases not sure that something you guys
would want anyway I have been to Apple
today and they severely told me off they
pulled me to the side of the store and
told me after bringing my cameras into
store and filming which is really
annoying but nevertheless guys I got my
Apple watch back which is absolutely
awesome they gave me a brand new one as
they should which is sick it's all
working fine
hopefully the screen doesn't fall off
this one and well as for the MacBook
it's pretty much brand new they replaced
everything new screen new chassis this
thing is built out of like one piece of
aluminium aluminium whatever you want to
call it so they had to replace the whole
thing
they were honestly guys super super
helpful throughout and well everything's
back to normal
hopefully it stays that way right I'm
waiting for jet to come around because
well you've opening in Alex Wyse jet
coming around because as usual we've got
work to do I've got something awesome to
show you guys
so guys check this out there's about 15
different cables as you can see attached
to my camera right now so I can't really
move the camera around much because this
is our main camera for shooting the tech
flow videos up here but this guy's well
this is the brand new tech flow set and
as you can see the table is here you can
put products on it there's one of the
lights there one of the lights there so
they light up either side both of the
lights guys are controlled with this
little hook so as you can see ever turn
those off that's what they look like and
then you turn them back on then for the
audio down here we have the Focusrite
which is going up to this microphone
here which you can't see in the shot and
then this right here if puppy looks
really strange to you but this guy's is
our monitor for the video so we can
actually look and see what the shot
looks like on this screen this screen is
just going to display live exactly what
this camera sees and also if I put these
headphones on yeah yeah that's really
strange
I can I can hear myself some notion
upset sure if you guys can actually see
this but this is what the tech flow set
actually looks like so this is what all
of this will look like on the camera all
of what I've just showed you guys around
here is to get this shot right here
which as you can see looks really clean
but what is around me just isn't clean
whatsoever so we have a massive table as
to where I can bring different products
and we can sort of review them for tech
flow and it looks hopefully absolutely
awesome and hopefully the sound quality
is awesome because coming through this
here microphone so pretty much a sit
here and this just all works awesome Oh
than this look at this as well now I'm a
silhouette
Brenden guys finally made it back to my
humble abode back to the setup back home
awesome day although I chef Phil today
with assistant oh and how could I forget
guys released the merch finally finally
guys got it sorted remember just keep
smiling always push on don't think just
go with finally their orders will arrive
before Christmas good guys with that
being said I'm gonna in today's vlog
here Mali's Malik's you guys have been
awesome guys stay awesome keep smiling
at all of you guys are okay tweet me
pictures if you pre-ordered your merch
and I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
daily vlog adios
