take flip video yes I did it what you're
saying is it I'm very impressed with you
impressed with it and press with my
b-roll actually yeah
your biro you impress with this as well
yeah good night
so I might this is actually a little
experiment that I'm wanting to try today
right so in the back of this is an
iPhone 6s right and this is the solar
panel with a USB output so Jed is just
invested recently in this camera how are
you to get this for 57 pounds right it
does slow motion at 240 frames a second
and 1080 p video with autofocus image
stabilization and the digits 7 digit 5
processor same processes in the 70d the
camera that casey nice that uses for
videos little bit 57 pounds i think is
the king of finding cube needles finding
the cheap but i don't know what what
could you buy this for now like if you
want to buy 170 quid right fair play if
you want a camera for vlogging s110
canon off you go a lot of people know it
is Easter Friday today jet has to be at
the train station in 12 minutes 10
minutes now actually I've got a driving
there how we're gonna do that with this
Easter Friday traffic is quite beyond me
but let's give it a go
yeah mate you've got a skateboard in the
back of my car I need to get that out
mostly what see you next week so much
she's now going to a meal six o'clock
meal with some of my family one half of
my family anyway just to a little pub
which should be a fairly nice Wow look
at this yeah you go Jake come for that
burger you know what this is the exact
reason why I wouldn't upgrade my
vlogging setup just because of this just
not even focusing it's brilliant it's
brilliant to be fair you guys want we
don't want to see my ugly face anyway
okay I've just realized that there's no
one in the house the house is
lesser-known in it and I've just gone
ahead and left my bedroom window wide
open we need to go and check to see if
the natural Sun power has given us
enough charge to charge my iPhone to
100% unfortunately we're only on 80 86
percent well solar panel you have
ashamed me I get questions all the
goddamn time Alex how can I start
YouTube what do I need to do how can I
do it so let's just talk about it one of
the main questions that yours gets Alex
what's the best vlogging camera what's
the best camera for YouTube and if he's
starting out YouTube asking that
question let me tell you right after
about you're asking the wrong question
the right question you should be asking
and it's what you shouldn't be asking
other content creators like me it's what
you should be asking yourself is what do
you enjoy and what can you create videos
on
now the easiest thing to do is say right
I'm gonna do videos every day because
that means I can do videos every day and
it doesn't matter if they're boring or
not because I'm doing videos every day
and that's what my channel is about but
no choosing what you do here on YouTube
is a key factor I here have three
channels one of them is a technology
channel which is dedicated technology
one of them is my personal channel where
I upload edits of what I do in my
personal life and stuff to do with with
setups and things like that the other
channel which is this one this is my
vlogging channel where I attempt to do
daily videos and have been for the last
106 freaking days they've only thing
Alex you do daily vlogging videos is
this what this channel is about and no I
don't think that's what this channel is
about at all yes I try to do daily
videos but in these videos I like to
make people happy I like to inspire
people I like to fulfill the fact that
if you go out and do something with your
life if you go out and do something that
you enjoy your life will be ten times
better and sitting at home doing
absolutely call one of the things which
is great to do if you started your
channel in my opinion and these are the
channels that I enjoy the most are
collaborative YouTube channels take for
example TGIF bro I'm gonna drop a link
to them in the description know pretty
much what these guys do on their YouTube
channel is just film them doing totally
ridiculous stuff like trying to eat 25
hot dogs without chewing them or bathing
in a bath of let's say Nutella or
chocolate with their girlfriends it's
totally random and it's totally awesome
but it's a collaborative channel and
it's one that I don't want to miss an
upload off another channel which I
absolutely love and fair play to the lad
he has absolutely taken off embossed
YouTube in the last month I think he's
gone from one hundred and twenty five
thousand subscribers to when I started
watching him to probably now about one
and a half million I think he's at and
that is none other than a cheeky little
fella called grade-a underage now he
does comedy videos and again this is I
wouldn't go if I couldn't go a video
without watching it like up loads
there's just no way I can't watch it and
that is key in my opinion with this
YouTube thing you need to find a niche
my something that you can do you need to
find a way that you can interact with
your audience in your videos that makes
people think damn I can't miss another
one of these videos I just can't miss it
I just cannot miss it but you know in
the YouTube app or on the iPhone or on
your phone the YouTube app yeah you know
if you've got like a channel that you
absolutely love if you've ever seen the
youtube comment before that says
notification squad pretty much let me
explain that this is a dude called Casey
nice that you all know him I don't know
why it weighs on my screen right now but
this is his YouTube channel right here
and as you can see there's no Bell right
there
but if I was logged into my youtube
account on this earphone that'd be a
little belt what you do is you click
that and then what you're gonna do on
your phone is it'll send your
notifications every time they're load
which is brilliant if you don't do that
for me and you like my videos then
please go onto my channel when you're
gonna press the little belt because it
would mean a lot hello boom
the bullet just came and giving me a
cream egg I love cream eggs oh my
favorite thing no way am i thinking in
my head Oh Alex Alex has definitely
qualified to give this information about
how to do easy because it's clearly
doing so well no I'm not I'm not I mean
I do YouTube because I love interacting
with the audience that is why I do
YouTube like that is my niche I love
interacting with you guys and give you
guys tips on life and that is why I do
this thing that is my personal niche
hopefully you guys can see that in the
videos I mean we created this board for
Christ's sake together so hopefully what
I've just said is going to help you if
you want to start YouTube would be
thinking about it in your long journey
through it and as always if you
venturing into YouTube best of look
we're getting ready to go around to
Maria's house tonight to chill with her
oh is that steak some walk around you
know what I'm saying I'm one of those
people that if anyone else is like
in the world but I have major OCD and
I've also got a major problem of asking
people to help me out and one thing that
always makes me feel better is some
water so like when I go out to someone's
house I always take my own water I just
know that now I just feel bad asking
other people to get me stuff like having
to rely on other people by having a
position of you needing something and
having that in someone else's hands
having that responsibility in someone
else's hands I'd just rather not I just
rather do it myself
