good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex and all of you
guys have had a fantastic day I'm just
come in the kitchen real quick to get
myself a quick glass of water and then
I'm straight up out into the car because
it is tech flow day to day now when you
are new around here and you're not sure
what tick flow day is pretty much tech
flow is another youtube channel i have
where I do honest reviews on technology
and I upload on that channel once every
week and thursday is usually the day 9
times out of 10 in my week but i put
aside to film for tech flow ah you know
in the traffic is just exactly what you
want it to be i mean i mean just doing
just just brilliant ready all aboard
challenge it's not accepting not we're
going to snow mixing okay so prolly for
the top five this week is the ipod case
and this monitor there's a top five it's
only got two products in it's pretty
cool oh yeah i'm not MX master mouse
which is there we're ready my name is
Jeremy Clarkson and today Thursday's and
everyday house today because it's how we
live from Thursday definitely somehow
building a name for myself but I am the
guy that always walks on video myself
why doesn't sliders and bagels and key
to living a happy life okay hey is
chosen
so jen is born with this this drink here
and it's literally called ting so as yet
pointed out it opens the door for so
many new opportunities kill my thing
you're milking your little bit with his
ting it's like can you pass me that ting
it's like what the ting said that this
is the team this is the real thing and
actually as his shoes everywhere it
doesn't taste that bad he's actually
really nice thing now I think I'm sort
of seeing why jet is maintaining what
I'm thinking is probably quite healthy
relationship with his girlfriend and it
just made this and it's like yo Alex
here's your coffee bottom rows yours top
rows mine time is currently quarter to
eight that means the rest of the day
tech float I'm not nearly broke not very
bright how do you feel like an idiot
just a dude n person in it so yeah if
anyone can make a cable I'm sure its
anchor and if you worried about your
cables breaking get them to manka to
link in the description these probes
cannot go without mentioning it this is
what I've got
this is what I've got going on right
here this is my frying pan with my with
my burger in it it's about the right
size doesn't it look laughs so Jed is
currently in the bathroom recording some
b-roll for the tech flow video and I
want to talk about something and that
something is perspective now perspective
is something that everyone needs and if
you don't have a strong perspective your
life and things in your life can really
suck let me explain a little bit i'm
going to use a real life example of
something that's happened to me today
now one of my girly friends sent me a
text they were like yo Alex I'm so
stressed out I don't know what to do I
don't know what's going down I can
either stay in this stable job where I
am at the moment or I can go to uni in
September you Nia's University here in
September it's like a three year long
thing that people do I'm sure you ought
surely your neural units then she was
genuinely really getting quite upset
that she does know what to do and it was
a major issue for her and she was
getting really stressed out about it and
she was letting it ruin her evening I
chaos that number one don't lay ruin
your evening because what's the point in
letting something ruin your evening that
isn't even a living thing what's the
point there's no product if a problem
there's no such thing as problems right
problems that exist if you can calculate
something it's not a problem yeah if
that makes sense that's what I always
say to myself if you can physically
calculate something work out it's not
classed as a problem in my books so
pretty much what I said to her was look
most people most people would absolutely
kill to have a stable job where they've
got a stable income and the happy and
most people would also kill to have the
opportunity to go to university and
number one be accepted into universities
because you have to go through an
interview to get into uni so this girl
she's got she she can get into a ninja
done dinner interview she's going to the
University that she wants to get into
and she's also got a stable job and
she's in a dialogue because she doesn't
know what to do and I said look look at
it this way you look at it from a
different perspective I said yes you can
either complain and say you don't know
what to do you've got this horrible
choice to make or you can say actually
no
I'm actually really quite fortunate I
mean position at the moment where I've
got a stable job and I'm happening with
myself and I've also got the opportunity
to go to uni so I told her this also
look at it from a different perspective
she did just that and her whole opinion
changed on the matter in a matter of
five minutes she went from being a total
mess in the head almost close to tears
to actually thinking hell yeah I'm doing
really well and III III know what to do
and everything's fine i don't know what
to do obviously can't like my videos
properly the thing i always say write is
you can't change life but you can change
your perspective the way you view life
is your interpretation of it you have
the choice to view it in a negative way
or a positive way you have a choice to
look at the positives or the negatives
of any given situation and how you
choose to do that is totally your choice
so next time you're feeling down and
you're feeling upset just realize that
that's your choice you're doing that to
yourself you have the choice to look at
the positives and think wait a minute
let's stop this let's figure it out
that's what perspective is yo guys we
just had a shower and a change of
clothes while we get interrupted by my
stupid phone I'm gonna put you on on
silent yo is currently this side of this
wall editing the tech flow video our God
than I swear down whenever it's tech
flow day in the week I just feel the
most drained it's like it just takes so
much out of me and I don't know why I
like making the tape flow videos we put
so much effort into it and honestly
think they might have effort that goes
into the tech flow videos isn't returned
through the channel and me and Jenna
trying to like work on that as like a
collective and as soon as we get to the
office hopefully things should be like a
little bit easier bang stop pumping out
like maybe two videos a week hopefully
and that should hopefully kick start the
channel by as you can see I'm breaking
out in spots which is which is
which is brilliant is so tired so I'm
gonna head to bed but yes my husband
likes you guys have been awesome hope
you've all gain some perspective from
this video and I'll see you in Nora's
video a tea house
