thank you thank you
so guys it's been a while since we've
sat here and just had an uninterrupted
talk because the videos that I create
they're all very bang bang bang sort of
cut cut cut everything's really
interesting what I'm hoping
I hope it is anyway well obviously
clearly it is because I've got this and
this is the 100,000 subscriber plaque
for my vlogging channel which is the
channel you guys are watching this on
now and I want to have a chat with you
guys an uninterrupted chat it's just and
I just wanna I just want to chat to you
guys about everything really and I just
want to say like a first off I just want
to smash it off with a massive massive
thank you insane massive thank you I
couldn't do this thing
without you guys and waking up every
morning and I tried to wake up every
morning and I put a tweet out trying to
inspire people and that is what I trying
to add that's what trying to do with
these videos like I try and I try and
inspire people I try and make people you
know people that are feeling feeling you
know having a bad day I tried to like
light in their day but see any reason I
do this like YouTube thing is just to
make people happy and stuff and I really
do hope that that that that is what that
is what comes through I really do hope
you go you guys watch the videos and go
away from it a little bit happier a
little bit happier than you were when
you clicked on it and that is like my my
ultimate goal in YouTube my ultimate
goal is for someone clicks on the video
when they leave it I want them to be
happier than when they clicked on the
video I don't want them to feel like
what I want to create something that
people people can enjoy and
and experience and I think that's what
YouTube YouTube YouTube is all about and
I just hope you guys are enjoying the
content and it's like a mother's want to
say a massive thank you for this so as
you guys know we've been daily vlogging
now every single day we haven't missed a
day since the 12 of December 2015 and we
are now on what the 23rd of March so
we're almost four months into this year
and I haven't missed a daily video
alright the video every day and you know
everything you know that's my Alex it's
not a big achievement there's thousands
of daily vloggers that do daily videos
and yeah yeah yeah there is there is
thousands of daily vloggers but these
thousands of daily vloggers that you're
probably referring to it's like a
full-time job to daily vlog and this
isn't my thing I run a business on the
side so like finding time to do these
daily vlogs isn't a challenge at all
because I love it but I want to make
this vlogging thing
I want to make it my thing I want to
make the vlogging thing like what I do
so I can then spend more time on my it
spend more money on the camera equipment
and spend more time making these videos
instead of allocating let's say half of
the half a day every day allocate the
friggin full day to making a really
insane vlogging going out and doing
something and going out on day trips and
traveling around the world now I've got
like a few things planned and I'm going
to Australia in in July which is which
is in about a few months time which is
going to be absolutely awesome I'm going
to Spain in the next two months but it's
for business purposes but I'm actually
going on a yacht tour I'm gonna go out
to film some people on a yacht which is
gonna be awesome so that's the mass
media at my company but obviously
bringing you guys along with me in the
daily blog and try and show you guys
what I'm doing so that should be fun and
hopefully flying some drones and then
messing around the camera equipment on a
big yacht and filming and filming for
this this yacht which should be really
fun and we've got the ultimate office
series on my mars bar channel and
bringing up the my mars bar channel
actually I'm not 100% sure like with
that channel anymore like this is this
is me talking to you guys from the heart
like I started out doing that Mars bar
thing and it was just like I don't know
it was just it was just a channel where
I just uploaded that was just so diverse
it was so random there was q and a's
there was there was sometimes a vlog
like a day in the life like hold up
called the video logs over on that
channel I didn't like twice a week there
was sometimes a Q&A or sometimes a video
where I'd stand in front of a camera and
just spit some crap out of my mouth and
just chat to you guys about some rubbish
we had asked me syriza's it was just so
diverse and then I did like the building
the ultimate gaming thing and a load of
new subscribers Paulding which is
absolutely phenomenal but now on my
channel I just I don't know I just don't
I just literally do not know what to do
with it and that isn't me speaking from
the heart so if you guys could help me
out with that then I would really
appreciate it obviously I've got the
series is on there like building the
ultimate gaming cell
I would love to I would look what I was
actually thinking to do with Mars bar I
was actually doing like a pimp myself
type thing where I physically go around
to other youtubers houses and and redo
their set up and give them awesome
selves and I really I think that's like
a really cool idea imagine if I went
round I don't know I'm just like I'm
just talking speculatively here imagine
if I went round to like the Cybermen's
house or something and like redid
miniman to sell for him and just and I
could pay for it all for him and but
just like redo itself when we could work
together on it and make it awesome and
then that's what we could do on Mars but
could do like a pimp my setup thing
where we go around and build people's
awesome setups as well as doing it for
youtubers we could do it for you guys as
well I can meet with you guys and and we
could pimp your guys setups out and make
them look absolutely absolutely
absolutely wicked and I was also
thinking on now of doing like a set up
series so you guys could like do like a
mini little set of video maybe like a
minute long and we could watch it on
Mars bar enough could give you guys
feedback but obviously I don't want to
go copying other people's series is
likes washings or or other people or
other people like that like Edgar's
channel their tech sauce I don't want to
go copying people like that but yeah I
just I don't know what to do with that
channel anymore but as far as the daily
vlogs are concerned
I hope hopefully you guys have enjoying
them and hopefully you guys have really
enjoying them because I'm really
enjoying making them it's giving me
something to do every day getting up
every single day moving up my house
getting things done doing awesome things
for the vlog and it's made it's like
made me so much happier in myself I
don't know if you guys can see that
throughout these videos obviously today
I was in town last night I didn't get
back till 5 in the morning so yeah I
actually came back home with someone as
well so we were up for another god knows
how long so yeah I'm really tired today
and I just thought I could I wanted to
come here because as someone said
something had arrived and I thought it
would be this because this this YouTube
said they were going to send it out like
a month ago
but ya know I just really hope you guys
are enjoying enjoying what you're seeing
and if you've got any ideas or anything
you want to spit out and talk to me
please hit me up on Twitter or in the
comments section I always always look at
my YouTube my YouTube comments and try
and reply to you guys because you guys
mean the absolute world to me and to be
honest I don't know where I'd be without
you guys my life is I'm a mess inside
but I might not remain I like you guys I
may not come across like this but I am a
mess in my brain I am a total total mess
goofball it's all a mangled mess up in
here it doesn't seem like that in the
videos because they thought I don't show
that stuff in the videos if you guys saw
me off camera unless I use them and well
to be fair isn't everyone but yes that
is it really just a little update update
video for you guys and thank you for
making all of this possible I'm not sure
where I'm going to hang this I might put
it in the office which is where I'm at
I'm in the secret hidden room at the
moment I'm not sure where I'm gonna put
it but I'm gonna cut this thing off here
guys because I just need to go back and
have a little think about stuff because
I just I'm really grateful for
everything that you guys have done and
hopefully I'll see you guys tomorrow for
another episode of the daily vlog where
we can get up to some shenanigans cool
okay ultimate office episode 2 is gonna
be coming up very shortly
ms:i sending me computer parts out I
believe tomorrow or Friday so hopefully
that's something to look forward to my
desktop not arrived yet I thought they
had but they haven't which is really
annoying but yes other than that my
name's been Alex you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's video adios
there's a whole office Easter egg hunt
going on tomorrow but I'm gonna take
that everywhere I walk
