good morning guys is how are we doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another video bit everywhere starts
in today's video because they're gonna
be somewhere we're gonna go today and
mess about hopefully with some cool
camera equipment and also I've got some
stuff we want to get off my chest so
guys I did it I managed to do it I was
up this morning at half past 7:00 a.m.
when our stairs had some breakfast
chemical stairs LTS today's vlog and
then I fell back to sleep again but the
thing is I got up at 7:30 and I fell
back asleep because I don't really have
much much to do today like there was a
day where definitely so I thought I may
as well just go back to sleep squirrel
move out the way sir
so I've got it this morning had a shower
and my emails and then I got a call from
my good friend Matt Bell and Elliot
Davies and that they are aspiring camera
nerds like myself and drone nerds like
myself I've done a video with them
before you guys might know I've seen it
because it didn't hit sub boxes properly
but it's one of my best videos I've ever
done which is such a shame and so if you
guys wanna check that out I'll put an
annotation on the screen and a link in
the description now but yeah I'm
currently going to see those two mad
people just give me a call that come
down we're just we're just chilling with
cameras and drones so I'll be a bit
silly to not pass up the opportunity
yeah and about yeah all good so we've
got about four different vlogs going on
today got so many people vlog in and
that lady's trying out on the 9-ball
check him out yeah so Elliot here likes
to copy what I wear he's got the same
it's got the same coat on as me same
jacket
here's a good jacket to be fair driving
in the car was fun
think again
so this we've got this is the drone
corner over here we've got two drones
we've got any 7s is with what lumix ISM
I've got oh god Matt Matt Matt's just
seven on it beautiful camera and one dog
that's not a robotic dog right what
we're gonna do then what what's the plan
I think we should try the ninebot with
the gimbal first yeah this could end
badly you're holding what like five
grands worth a kick there six grands
with a kit oh you've got might you've
got a wireless mic on there as well okay
I was really cool I thought this was
gonna be the techno future in it I'm
just a fat idiot with an expensive
roller skate okay it's on
now he's having barrels of fun on the
nine bar here
he's absolutely loving it actually we
get some drones up
so this map was Elliott then there's me
and then in the sky up there if you guys
can see there's three drones in a
triangle this is incredible and we just
thought this is what we can see on my
drone anyway I had a nice circle shot of
the three drones up there he's
absolutely working
we're roughing up there and then guys we
all finished
well packing all the kids away and a
good little session with with cameras
and proper like nerdy now the ninebot is
is dead so where we've rinsed that as
well but all packed up and ready to ship
out that's one of the plane double on it
yeah how much methanol so we have lots
of McDonald's we've got it all all of
the McDonald's take it all the receipts
so this is the desk of Matthew
well sure do please so the magic happens
we've got phantoms and phantoms and
iPads and computers
cool hey absolutely awesome hanging out
with guys that have the same interests
as you obviously cameras and just nerdy
stuff so hopefully you guys enjoyed that
why is inside of this I don't know and
it's one of those letters it's really
hard to open I feel like it's gonna be
really boring and really uninteresting
what is it
it's boring bank account stuff for
boring people
ah this stuff I have to do off camera
that you guys don't care about look that
you guys do care about though it's hey
check this out someone one of you guys
one of my proud subscribers has made
this there's no anything Alex what the
hell is this it is just like a really
pixelated horrible photo of you but no
I'm gonna stop you right there
is actually a picture of me made out of
all of my video thumbnails how
incredible is this now I don't if you
choose the program to make this or or
he's used the program or isn't himself
and stitched it all together it'd be
bloody incredible if it's a himself but
I'm gonna get this like frames because I
think it's awesome to cut all my video
and video thumbnails on it if you guys
can see that it's got me up and seen me
I can see me I can see the guy that sent
me at this is his YouTube channel if you
want to check him out and also he says
he's got an Instagram and that's his
Instagram so I've actually just had a
fan contact me and I can't go into too
much details but pretty much he wants me
to record a video for one of his friends
who wants to see a video of me because
they've got some stuff going on in their
lives and I said a video of me just
wishing them like I was like telling
them that hope I hope everything goes ok
will make them feel a lot better so I'm
gonna go ahead and record that now yo
dude so guys with that out the way I'm
actually going into town tonight with
some close friends going in with Chloe
gonna go Maria going in with Satch going
in with Toby so we're all gonna go and
have a good time and I don't want to
take my camera with me tonight because
owl oh man that really hurt I don't take
my camera with me tonight because this
camera might might certainly I 100 is
pretty much on its last legs it's being
held together with tape so taking it to
town probably isn't the best idea for
the longevity of this YouTube channel
hopefully hopefully you guys want to see
videos tomorrow and if you do it's
probably best they don't take my camera
into town with me being drunk because as
I say it's being held together with
cellotape right now
but I hope you guys have enjoyed today's
video and if you have a like rating will
be awesome and I hope you're sticking
around for tomorrow's video I'm not sure
what we gonna do tomorrow we're gonna be
chilling out tomorrow so hopefully you
guys looking forward to that and you've
all had a great day but for now my
Lisbon Alex you guys have been awesome
and I'll see you in my next video I love
you guys so much and I mean that I'll
literally mean that so much I love you
guys
adios
is so cool oh my god I'm sorry if I'm
overreacting I'm a camera nerd and I'm a
nerd for a shots like a shot from a
camera that looks insane and the fact
that that thing is doing this by itself
and it's pulling off a shot that I
couldn't do myself is absolutely
phenomenal
