good morning guys good morning guys
afternoon guys is currently yeah half
past three in the afternoon but a really
nice cash our I'm back I'm in the gaming
den and I thought I need to bring you
guys this little update right I've just
figured out coming here but what the
hell is that smell like something smells
absolutely vile in my house and I'm like
what the hell is that horrible smell
come into coming to the gaming den and I
figured out this coming from the gaming
den this smell right so I'm now in here
and it turns out that yeah I've got a
little freezer here that freezes meat
obviously it's a phrase we've got meat
in there and I have actually because
it's like cold in here when I've been in
here using the gaming down
I've taken the plug out taking the plug
out for the for the free yeah freezer
and put this little little heater on and
forgot to plug the freezer back in so
now I've got me in this freezer which is
now rotten effed up we've got a better
project that I want to work on if I can
actually find where I put my little
Wi-Fi box I don't know what well train
ticket fund it was in a bad pocket I've
got it so pretty much what I want to do
is go to UK you guys are not there like
a provide it here like a mobile provider
in the UK just installed a 4G tower
about half a mile away from the house
and then now I can now use that for
streaming hopefully son it's gonna pick
up a new two SIM card or for my Wi-Fi
device so I'm gonna do that now and see
if this works here we are yes Alex
Oliver Brooks
Fiat Brooks's there be audible OKs but
in stuff mate thank you very much cheers
dude thank you
you too mate over so this window room
stood right now I get full 4G as you can
see just that streams are a go my
friends we've got this in the bag I hope
this works
Nesquik eggs bacon in a sandwich and
YouTube and my bed I've got a date night
tonight so guys it's like a half past
1:00 in the morning
and I want to have a chat with you guys
I feel like we need to catch up because
we've just been so busy on these vlogs
doing all sorts of stuff going to London
messing about with drones and I said
about with cameras breaking stuff fixing
stuff we're always so busy and I feel
like I wanna have a little bit of chat
and just just a sit back and relax with
you guys just for one video and that is
exactly what we're gonna do
it's gone you half one in the morning
and I've got some stuff to tell you guys
some interesting stuff that we can talk
about so let's hit the nail on the head
to hit the Nova head and get this get
this kicked off with the sony a7s my
camera that was on top of the car that
fell off and broke now I've sent that
away for repair as most of you guys know
you saw me put it in a box and send it
off in one of our vlogs and so yeah that
has been sent off my lens was also
broken as well my sony lens now they've
quoted me 1250 pounds to fix the lens
which is ridiculous because it's a
thousand pounds to buy a brand new lens
of Amazon and they're charging me 1250
to repair the lens when I can buy a new
one for a cheaper price which is really
strange so I'm not sure what's going on
there and the camera they want 1350 to
repair it and to buy a new one it's
1,500 so I'm gonna get the camera
repaired and I'm gonna buy a brand new
lens of Amazon I don't worry I'm not
spending that money it's all covered on
insurance looking I'm in a fortune in a
position that I had all of my stuff
insured all of my camera gear when I got
my company where my company got set up I
got equipment insurance so everything is
insured and it's not gonna cost me a
dime which is absolutely great obviously
not for the insurance company but that's
great for me so that's a big one out of
the way and a really cool bit of news as
well is as you guys have seen earlier in
today's vlog I'm gonna start streaming
again I've done a speed test on the 4G
I've got five bars of 4G like full
signals so it
absolutely fine it gets like 50 ping 30
down and 20 up easy like every single
speed test full on because the mast is
literally just over the road so that
means I can now live stream from this
house without interruptions which is
absolutely brilliant so hopefully I can
start streaming again so want you guys
to let me know what games you want me to
play on stream cool but I'm also
thinking of selling my 13-inch MacBook
and just keeping this 11 inch one from
now on because I can edit all my vlogs
on this and it's super small so there's
no point in me having two laptops and
I'm gonna also start like selling a load
of stuff that I don't use like monitors
and stuff that I just I just don't
there's no point me having this I'm just
gonna put them on eBay so I might let
you guys know if you guys want to buy
some of my stuff I might let you guys
know like my link to my eBay or
something like that if you guys wanna
have a chance of like buying some of the
stuff that I've previously owned and I'm
also gonna do some giveaways and stuff
of some monitors so stay tuned for those
but I'm going to be doing them over on
my social medias like on snapchat and
Instagram and Twitter and my facebook
page
so make sure you're following me all the
links will be in the descriptions and
also here's the biggest bit of news when
the a7s comes back I'm going to be
upgrading this vlogging channel now
you're probably thinking wow you can
order it the vlogging Channel when
they're 7 s comes about what I'm
actually gonna do is sell my a 7 s and
I'm looking at a few cameras at the
moment I'm looking at the Sony no scrap
buy is called the sony a6300 and the
lens and pretty much is it it's look
like a small little DSLR and I'm gonna
buy that and buy a gorilla pod and buy a
nice microphone and how to put that on
top of the camera because these vlogs
are like I absolutely love doing it so
if I can improve the quality and I'm a
camera nerd myself so if I can improve
the quality of these vlogs in any way
then I will I will obviously do that so
when the i7s comes back I'm gonna sell
it use the money from a 7's to buy the
sony a6000 and obviously in here I've
got the a7 s mark 2 for the main channel
videos tomorrow we're gonna go out and
do some drone flying so I hope you guys
are looking forward to that
I apologize for today's vlog absolutely
sucking and I did just want to have a
chat to you guys so I'm sorry of some of
you
for the action and not for the chat but
I do need to chat like once a month so
hopefully that works one day in what one
day out of the thirty days we get in
each month I'm sure we can have a chat
and today was that day so hope you guys
have enjoyed my advantage you guys have
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video
and guys don't be too jealous this is
really simple to make but this is the
simplest thing anyone can ever make it's
just eggs and bacon and toast and that's
quick guys my name is of course Alex
I've just made a Meraki I've just made a
miraculous discovery when I turn my
bathroom lights off the lights in there
flash what the hell
