good morning guys how all you're doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another video
what's over doom it's definitely not
playing leak check it out here in the
Brooks household somewhere there's some
music playing I know where that's coming
from the music source is getting louder
it's coming from in there then what's
going on in there I'm going in the
kitchen
something has arrived right something is
arrived I ordered it
only when I was drunk and that's not an
excuse for me ordering it because I did
wanna order one anyway this is the face
I'm gonna pull as I'm showing you guys
this I order the kitty kitty kitty kitty
t-shirt yeah it's really cool it's here
and I want to wear it today because I'm
going to Clara's and she also loves
Joella their clothes invite me run to
her today so I'm gonna go into his and
where the KITT key because she's
obviously obsessed with Joella as well
and she is fixated on the back but I've
met you well in real life in like he's
DJed on my laptop in VIP at 55 I believe
and she's like oh my god that is insane
so yeah and I think I've won some points
on Clara for that so yeah thanks Joe but
I'm gonna test out your t-shirt the
kitty t-shirt
it's got massive neck but la is really
actually quite cool I really like it
what the hell
the neck is frickin huge bear spines
have got a necklace on so it sort of
covers up for that but it's quite nice
Fairplay joke fair play right so I've
just arrived at Clara's house and I've
got my my kitty my kitty on and I'm just
about to go inside
and I think we're gonna do some boxing
Sklar as a kickboxer which is really
really cool I should just kick boxing
properly so yeah she's probably gonna
kick box me into the ground which isn't
good at all right so I am back from
Flores and we had a loss an awesome
little kick boxing session it was really
really really cool I thought a little
bit of boxing on the side just oh I'm
just like just a little bit of sparring
really and Clara actually properly does
kickboxing which is very freakin cool so
she was teaching me like all these all
these kicks and stuff wait a minute who
tell me that you're telling me all about
posture stuff I understand and I'm
leaving for the next like like I was
yeah it's been pretty fun actually I
really enjoyed it
whoa but now what we're going to be
doing is well to put it straight all I
ever do is eat crap for cheese ravioli
pizza for cheese ravioli and pizza so
we're going to cook some cool stuff
today and be healthy for once this oh
look got we've got broccoli we've got
potatoes we've got some salmon and it's
new lower price salmon so it's extra
special summon I think the garlic
potatoes assume this sort of position
like that and then what we do is just
close that and hopefully my house isn't
going to burn down so to cook broccoli I
think we need a powerful of water and
and then you do that oh wow what
broccoli and I don't have a clue what
I'm doing
guys I'm just checking back in with you
it's about an hour since I've had my
salmon and my broccoli and my potatoes
and I haven't died yet which is probably
a good thing
yeah well barrel bar all the haters they
probably want me to die they're probably
not watching this part of the video they
probably just came to dislike it and
then left but yeah I'm not dead
I must have cooked my salmon correctly
because I'm feeling great my summoner's
kicked in and I'm feeling that frigging
fish food to the brain it's all going
well so I am going round to Maria's
tonight I'm gonna go and spend the night
there it's currently about half past
9:00 so I'm going to drive around that
and spend the rest of the night with her
budget update you guys on something I
think right I've had a parcel arrived at
the office someone's told me it's a big
one and I think it's the wood for my
desks that I'm going to be building for
the office or for the ultimate outfit
series for my office and it's all
reclaimed wood really nice I've shown
you guys it before in in like screen
pictures screen grabs I'll pop one on
the screen now for you guys so you can
see what my death what I'm hoping my
desks are going to look like I think the
wood has arrived today so that is a
great eyes great that means I can record
episode two part two of the ultimate
office series
than that I need to chase up my pcs and
they all my pcs are being powered by
Asus
so hopefully Asus can sort us out with
some beastly pcs for the office well I'm
hoping anyway guys we haven't used the
car vlogging rig in quite some time so I
thought it'd be necessary while we're
driving around tonight my life's gonna
go off no it was a concept that I always
wanted like when I was young I was all
when I'm older I'm gonna have a house
and he's gonna have electric gates and
it's gonna be awesome
but now I've got let your gaze at this
new house I'm just like god I don't want
you in my life you know what I mean
camera look at me and focus god you're
so unpredictable Sony the legend gates I
like that person that you've got on your
life that you have to be friends with
and you can't not be friends with him
but you just don't like them it's the
last what the gates are like and it's
just there all the time at you friggin
on your driveway Oh tickle me watch this
flop serious serious proven ability
hey no is sick but talking about the
topic of gates just pulled up at
Murray's house and I'm texture and there
is no texture and I pulled up a service
I'm not going in yet you know what I
don't know why I'm not going in ya don't
know why
Gate Oaks a quick update two minutes
later the where's is a slick clear only
right this is a cinematography not
cinematography this is how you in film
make time passing look really slowly but
do it in a way that it probably takes
about 30 seconds so what I'm going to do
is do a different move and put the Angry
Birds theme track behind it okay so I'm
going to do a different move for about
five seconds and then put the Angry
Birds theme tune behind it right you
ready for this
see that I've probably been sat here for
about 15 seconds probably seem to you
guys like a longer time that I hopefully
hopefully it did no but in all
seriousness I've been safer just open
the gate I'm gonna go home in a minute
look how dark it is outside right these
are my main beam I'm going to turn my
main beam off outside right literally
watch this I am just surrounded by
absolute darkness there's my car radio
look absolute darkness all the way
around me bearing in mind I am in the
middle of nowhere
look all right my friend I've got my
phone right on got a right on the phone
right I look crew in the middle of
nowhere it just goes off into the
darkness there's literally nothing look
there's not there's my car right I know
what's down here for he walking Oh what
was that what was that what the was that
please tell me you guys heard oh please
tell me you heard them
oh my god look doors I'm scared
less I'm not even joking
I am not even joking put them in me mom
I am genuinely scared right now
if someone comes and knocks on my window
right now I am gonna be so shocked I
don't know what to do put you guys back
in the car vlogging rig the gate still
are open I've been here 25 minutes right
now she's not replying to my texts which
we go for a drive she would go for a
drive Murdoch oh my car just scared the
freaking let's go for a drive
because these gates aren't open anytime
soon and I don't know what mores doing
right you guys are gonna get the
first-person view all right you guys are
gonna get the first-person view of what
I'm seeing I don't know where the hell
I'm driving right now but we're gonna do
this oh my god there's a massive bridge
here guys we're all together on this
we're all together on this don't worry
don't you guys worry we're all together
right now we're gonna keep driving down
this horrible road and nothing bad is
gonna happen oh I can't turn around this
is a single guys are physically can't
turn around hey there's like a ditch
over this side can you see that I
physically can't turn around we have to
keep going down there for Grau to turn
round
my car's front-wheel drive this isn't
good this isn't good a lead rear wheel
for this we're never adventuring again
guys never again on this channel we are
venturing I'm joking we're gonna go on
more scary adventures that we some guys
drop a like rating if you want to go on
more scary adventures right now and let
me know in the comment section and let's
go out at night and just do scary
adventures I think we should do it
because honestly honestly I think it's a
brilliant idea because I am so scared
I'm really good at hiding it right I'm
really good at hiding it but obviously
if I'm doing videos I won't hide it I'll
show like the true me in how scared I
actually am I hate being out at night
like absolutely hate it's one of my pet
peeves hate being like in forest at
night like going camping and stuff so if
you guys want to go and he's scary
missions where we go into a forest at
night and just and just mess about and
stuff then let me know with a like
rating and a comment
but I'm just currently driving down
Maria's long drive now so I'm gonna call
this vlog short and you guys know that's
what I always do when I rabbit this
freaking house but yeah cool I love you
guys so much might as well as you guys
have been wicked and I'll see you in my
next video adios okay bye Kylie see me
Annie ouch and it still saw the focus on
this camera
well good morning guys how are we all
doing my name is Alex and welcome back
to another video
McCarney only 100 mark for
