this is the poorest class I've had in a
long long time
oh come now holistic crime by taking it
out on the boy aren't you covering up a
symptom of your own deficiency
I know what you thinking Alex what the
hell are you doing where are you why are
you in such a mad rush and that's
because I've got to jet off to London
today and I totally forgot that I had to
take my car in for a service today
so I woke up when I saw the notification
on my phone it was that Alex take your
car and then I was like oh no crap so
now I'm in a massive rush to take my car
in which has now just done two first
service and now got a jet back and then
head to London my house is about two
miles away from the service centre so I
thought I'd take the ninebot make it
quicker
so this is my plan for today I've got my
train that leaves in half an hour so
let's go and catch that with edit
yesterday's vlog on the train and sort
out what I'm going to say on stage I was
heading down to the YouTube page queue
today to go on stage there to talk to a
load of YouTube you people about how to
make YouTube content creation better for
creators like myself and if you guys
create you guys too and the need to
figure out what I'm gonna say on stage
to all of these people that are gonna be
listening and watching me and oh my god
but I thought before we go it will be
really awesome for me to show you guys
what I'm actually gonna be taking down
and how I'm going to be taking it down
so this is my new favorite bag of choice
this is my bag why do pretty much
everything in and this is a Manfrotto
bag I'll drop a link in the description
it's absolutely great because it has a
compartment in the back right here and
if you undo that you can get your laptop
and you can just simply what sit
straight in brilliant and then there's
this compartment here which is just a
big empty space and in this I'll put
things like my Bose QuietComfort 20 5s
which are my favorite headphones of all
time I will put in a portable battery
pack I will put in my Wi-Fi device I
will also that's a necklace that needs
to go on me we're obviously also going
to London so I'm going to take my sony
a7s with a 28 millimeter just in case
because if you're going to London you
never know when you're gonna need a
camera
London right now some hundred percent
sure what the audio quality is going to
be like but we have just finished up
eating a lovely burger at honest burgers
and now we're going off to this place
gonna go catch the tube and then I'm
going on stage to talk about YouTube and
stuff and I'm
not worried oh it's gonna be great it's
gonna be really fun it's fun I'm
definitely not going to stutter or mess
up or anything it's going to be perfect
a hundred percent I'm calling it already
oh
when you do come to London there's some
very very very nice buildings there's
also some fake ones
the shortage pretty freaking cool freely
about city say this place is so cool
this place is mental like legitimately
mental oh my god I'm scared so badly I
don't know what to do oh my god
causing crater from a network so I've
got these things written down and for me
personally it's all about a unique
dashboard experience so it's easy to
taxon one and you see a purchase here
videos
you can have someone attack them and
again defecation traits their device or
Apple the Facebook happening store the
get notification saying that bitch I
click and then go and watch that content
there's nothing like that on YouTube and
it would be great if we put some soggy
get some get some sort of Tiger
implementation if I had to friend tag
did you to champion get notification
obviously spoke straight up he can then
watch last content what we do nowadays
is is if I share something with a friend
I would go on Twitter and share with
involve Facebook we've shown with it
when we do that it's easy to get
distracted
based on the news feed very quick it's
not something I've ever done here on
YouTube so it's not something I can read
here and these vias are because never in
collaborate with any of the youtubers
but I know some Yuji was really like
collaborating and to make it into a
dashboard and I know actually full
stream and I'm a course we need to be
quite good at it actually advertise
oceanview guys be able to hear me very
well but I have just come off stage and
everyone has left I was like the last
person on which was like really really
really nerve-wracking definitely got
stage fright I want to show you guys
around this venue for a second but this
is absolutely awesome there's ping pong
tables everywhere so got a look at the
string from table that's crazy Walter
what is going on I want to go and play a
game of ping pong gone ahead and flip
this sticker on my laptop as well yeah I
don't really know why just looks pretty
cool doesn't it and again it's the
motivational purposes I see the red
sticker right yeah you'd use my freaking
hole my friends look at this place man
it's just full of ping pong tables so
the stage was just over there everyone
else was sat where these guys are
playing ping and now they're just
probably the ping pong tables they were
just sick look how cool this place is oh
my God look at this ping pong table is
full of graffiti and here's a YouTube
party whoa
so I'm walking through this really
awesome little bit of this building up
to the exit right now could do the rest
of this vlog on the a7 s just because
the audio quality is better and soon as
I'm in London there's a lot of
background noise you sort of get the
point but the event was absolutely
wicked it was really cool I was sort of
like really nervous speaking they're
asking me questions that I don't really
know the answers to and I was sort of
just like going off the top of my head
seeing as I was only invited down
yesterday and I had to sort of you know
put a little script together about what
I was going to talk about they want me
to talk about five things right five
things about YouTube that I think could
be improved and I only like talks about
like two or three which is really weird
very well
my train leaves in like two minutes and
I don't know what platform it's on or
anything I'm just so totally screwed
right now I'm Courtney and coach Elle
and I need to get to coach a but my
alphabet is just so bad like I don't
know where Coach K's
it's gonna be even mean - I didn't even
mean to that time right guys I'm all
home is like 12:00 12:00 midnight we've
just done a pizza and I've just I just
had a bathroom got changed can you guys
guess what Toby's doing right now right
I'm gonna give you literally five
seconds to guess 5:03 type in the
comments now god I'll give you a gold
star if you get it one so yeah we got a
Domino's like a minute before it closes
which is really gonna annoy them but
today when I left to give me a bag a
black bag and it had that YouTube
sticker inside of it you put on my
macbook and they also gave me this
Google cardboard thing and I've
currently got my phone inside it I've
looked I've found it the app and looked
inside and it's pretty cool but it will
be even better if you could somehow
attach it to your head because at the
moment you just like hold it there like
that and look into it if you could
attach it to your head with much better
so I want to try and do that figure out
something like that but attach it to my
head
right I don't absolutely genius idea you
guys are gonna be absolutely blown away
what if we take the sum of this gorilla
tape and some some of these balloons
I've got loads of balloons in here tie
all the balloons together Gorilla Tape
it to that and then I've actually done
it with some balloons check this out
just tape them on the side this is
hilarious it really no she knows but
it's so much of a better experience and
actually like holding it back she just
you feel like you're more free that you
can look around place is actually really
good I compared to some somebody I'll
think that we tested on tech float it's
really not that bad it's really cool but
I'm gonna get myself to sleep right now
because I'm really really really tired
and I've had an absolute great day hope
you guys have enjoyed it and if you have
a like rating would be awesome if you
want to see more vlogs please let me
know down in the comment section down
below and if you're new around here
please subscribe but for now might as
well ex you guys have been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video adios guys
toby is there playing league of legends
itself so I accepted a call today phone
call from someone at Google in London
