girly noise how are we all doing my name
is of course Alex and Toby is there
playing League of Legends a cell so I
accepted a call today phone call from
someone at Google in London and I kept
getting this phone call for for quite
some time and I don't usually accept
phone calls for an unknown numbers but
this number oven ringing me for like
three days
you're right Toby so I accepted the call
I thought you know what they're carrying
me I'm gonna answer and you see what the
hell is going on and yeah it was
apparently a call from someone at Google
and they want me to go to London
tomorrow they want me to go down to the
YouTube HQ in London to do a talk on
stage in front of a load of other
content creators about the process it's
really difficult to explain man pretty
much what they want me to talk about is
as a content creator how can companies
make it easier for people like us to
create videos so that is things like all
the way from the cameras to the editing
suite to actually uploading the videos
to titling your videos to creating
thumbnails how easy is the actual
process and what hardware or software
could be changed to make the whole
process more enjoyable or easier
hopefully that makes a little bit of
sense now I would absolutely love to ask
you guys what you think I should talk
about or what you think you guys would
make content creation
you know easier but the thing is by the
time this blog goes up I will have
finished the top tomorrow Bobby so I'm
going to take it tomorrow as well take
you guys down tomorrow's vlog so you'll
see what I'm gonna talk about so I need
to try and prepare a speech obviously I
really want to get you guys involved in
my stage talk so what I should get
through is obviously I can't ask you
guys on the vlog what what you guys
think would make content creation better
for people like those making content so
I'm gonna do is ask you guys in the form
of a snapchat so you ready for this
yo guys so I'm actually on stage
tomorrow I'm kind of recording this is
going to be in the vlog and I need you
guys to help me with something
pretty much I am on stage tomorrow and
I'm going to be talking to an audience
about what would make YouTube content
creation better all the way from new
camera equipment to editing software I
was thinking something along the lines
of like a Canberra there's that really
good auto focusing it's a slow-motion or
like some editing software that gives
you out of really small file so it's
quick to upload stuff like that and I
was thinking stuff like also when you're
actually uploading it to YouTube like
maybe a tags helper so it can tell you
sort of watch trending and how to get
your tags better something like that but
obviously I'd love all of you guys to
try and help me out on this if you want
to drop me a tweet please do it's that
mars bar gaming and i'll try and include
you in my talk tomorrow
there we go by the way guys if you don't
have my snapchat it's mozzie snaps ma RZ
is n a-p-s
and i've also got something extra cool
to show you guys check this out look at
this this is my own snapchat filter
that's at my house how cool is that you
swipe across to get it and it says
welcome to miles media HQ and then down
there I don't know you can't really see
it so I'm just taking a photo of the
floor so you can see it a little bit
better but as you can see there's the
three monitors down there and it's got
my Mars bar logo in the middle how cool
is that so this is my own geofilter at
this house which is wicked so be you
just simply copy me with the glasses
okay turtle turtle shell minor minor
shark shell so as soon as I'm actually
going to London tomorrow I did plan on
doing a tech flow video tomorrow but
obviously I'm in London so gonna have to
get the tech play video done today and
then we can get to London tomorrow and
chill out we're good to go and rolling
first personal day up well
secret room right well we're gonna
review today in the review pile on a
review one of these
and elevate and where is it and the
Edifier MP 7000 boom awesome gonna
compare these two things together cool
so 100% needed right now this place is
empty
hmm really cold water to get me started
so Toby has currently gone to work
tonight
he's coming back a little bit later but
while he's gone I'm going to be starting
well recording the b-roll for the tech
flow video I need to get it all done
tonight obviously you guys know I'm in
London tomorrow so I need to get all of
the b-roll done for the tech flow video
including a bathroom right now is where
issues like the b-roll for smaller
products here in the bathroom it just
feels like a really cinematic look have
a candle going and obviously the lives
over there red and it looks really
really really cool so I'm currently
doing a speaker shootout a Bluetooth
speaker shootout between two huge
Bluetooth speakers the JDL extreme and
the era by Evan t7000 are double linked
to both of those speakers in the
description but let's get the shooter
beer up
my god I've just finished the review and
it was a lot different than usual I
wanted to take like a less professional
approach to it I wanted to sort of just
be myself in the video and that's
exactly what I've done to being myself
and I didn't lie I never script takes
low videos anyway like he's always just
off the tongue but this time I just want
it to be a little bit more lay back and
be a little bit more fun in the tech
blur video so I've done that when I film
me up and stood here now it's time to
edit it it is currently 20 past 10:00 so
popping it took me a few hours to edit
this bad boy and the bathroom is a mess
look at this I'm just like so tired I'm
working all day
yeah speakers camera gear so we need to
tidy all that up and I've got all the
gear in here as well which is all still
so I need to take everything down
there's just stuff everywhere a man like
everywhere every frickin where can you
guess what Toby's doing just take a
guess always doing you've got three
seconds three two one it's been a game
of a league and I've just finished
I've just finished up the Edit and we
can tell by lap my eyes or anything like
obvious I'm just absolutely shattered
like oh really need some food ready food
let's go get food
now I've got a sort of like trying to
write a script for tomorrow or plan out
what I'm going to say on my when I'm on
stage tomorrow but I've been working all
day
I'm just going to enjoy this
