and it still saw the focus on this
camera well good morning guys how are
we're doing my name is Alex and welcome
back to another video
McCarney on the rx100 mark for vlogging
on my screen I can confirm is 100%
working which is great I need to change
the focus mode on the camera though
because there's a mode that you can
change on this little Sony rx100 camera
which makes it in my opinion focus just
a little bit faster so need to change
that but today my friend sad Jeep is
coming you guys I think possibly seen
such before I've got a nice out with him
and they're not when I do go out nice
out he's usually there or somewhere near
mean he's probably been in my he's been
in my videos before it's a bit man to
his house of video to his house before
but he is currently doing a college boys
college cruising levels he's probably
doing a it was at this moment that
evening but yes a chief is coming around
today and I'm doing some filming for him
he's actually got to do a project for
his a-levels and if you guys not spoken
word is spoken word is pretty much where
you stand there and you say something
really inspirational and you've got a
nice background and you film it and it
liked it real rhyme so it kind of rhymes
a little bits really weird but it's also
you guys gotta look up spoken word just
type it into the youtube search and
you'll see what it is out of this video
but Santa wants to do I believe a spoken
word and he wants me to film it for him
so it's coming around and we're gonna
walk to a lake and we're gonna film and
it's gonna be really freaking cute man
Sarge's literally just arrived at my
house and he's listening to party in the
usa' he's turned it off now I know so
it's a chief he's pretty sat in the car
and he's the crazy Marius and we're
called in the back and we're gonna go
record for such as project
damn it feels good to be a gangster a
real gangster ass nigga plays his cards
right I guess what I'm trying to say I
think you like it I love it I just
couldn't resist doing it to him in some
way shape or form so there's something I
need to do and the same thing that needs
doing for quite some time now and I is
address the gaming debt for making that
noise for about two weeks I can't turn
it on just hmm so as well as the
projection I actually work in this place
is just a mess like this isn't the
gaming done how we left it like this
just isn't anything at the moment it's
just horrible and as I did mention to
you guys in the actual gaming den the
physical gaming den video the last
episode that I did yeah it's way too
cold in here you know to actually be in
here and use it functionally but now the
weather is starting to perk up a little
bit starting to get a little bit warmer
so I do want to try and get this place
back in operation again I mean that
still works
I mean it does this still work otherwise
gonna turn on I'm sure that's a fairly
easy fix here is but this place is just
full of crap like there's TVs and swag
ways and mono Rovers and swag ways and
bikes and stuff in our wow there's just
crap everywhere man
there we go this is looking a little bit
more presentable I think I hope yay
that's looking a lot better
I've managed to move the swag ways from
plugging up this side of the door to
over there to have got a little bit of a
swag orientation over there or portable
mobility device station over here we've
got the through the monitor over we've
got the Big Smoke away I got the ninebot
mini did you pick those boxes out and I
also saw out the projector we're not
100% sure as to what is going on with
that thing let me turn it on again ah
obviously I've taken the PC because we
installed Windows 10 on it you guys saw
that in a vlog segment last week with
the Windows 10 on the computer that was
in here and I'm actually going to take
her up taking that route to the office
and I'm not sure why but I need to bring
it back cakes is the gaming den PC
that's how we run the simulator of that
though I need to bring that back but
with some look now hopefully if I stand
on this chair and click the little
button now I think our projector is dead
now that is just really annoying I'm
gonna have to come back tomorrow and
have a look at that to see if I can
actually install a new fuse or something
these diffusers gumbies making like a
rig weird like clicking noise and I'm
not sure what's up with it but I'm
thinking if we're gonna be using this
thing more in the summer then we're
gonna want to get a proper 1080p
projector open-air because I figured out
this actually only pumps out 720p I
thought the image was 1080 it's also
look 1080p look pretty good however it's
not 1080p so 720 so I'm gonna get a
1080p projector if I can't fix that
thing and hopefully this place should
bang in the some oh a little bit
more tidying up to do what you can see
but if I do any major more updates on
this place it made a noise it's making
noises
come on project to stay with me but do
any more major updates on this room or
on this place I will do a main Channel
video on it obviously watch it then boys
and girls Toby just said that so I
thought say the vlog what are you doing
you hungry
you freaking you eat this exactly what
you do she said see you later boy
it's Macky's time is it mr. Mackey's
time
no no you sure about that eh Oh mate can
have a a plain double cheeseburger
please with medium fries and the
strawberry milkshake did
I admire you
so we've got a Mackey's in the car but
well the hello now what's a look oh dear
my question to you guys is are you my
Gunners or freakin KSC sick
well we just got shut down there pretty
much well shutting down so no food no
food for us from from from KFC she'll go
back to Mackey's and get some more food
just looking at my sick whip
absolutely gorgeous but it cleanly the
day but I've already got it already got
a up the side thanks Maurice Drive the
aftermath of the McDonald's is as
follows we are finished up a game of
League and Toby is now in the spare room
as he was where he sleeps
my life my damned a being patient and
perfect it's a good
