good afternoon guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex and I hope all
of you guys are doing well
better than me that is I want you guys
to just excuse the vest I know I've just
been ill or but I've still feel ill now
still feel absolutely shocking well I
just I just feel really lethargic I just
feel all bummed up and this is the thing
that I've been always contemplating I
always think how did daily vloggers what
do they do when they're ill like in what
what if I'm really ill and I literally
just like I lose my voice I still have
to do a video you still have to do a
video of course you've got to do it
video of course you do I usually upload
my videos at 6 p.m. every day and it's
now ten minutes past five as you can see
and I've only just got around to really
editing it and it's now exporting out so
we need to try and get this video up as
soon as possible for you guys
so yes I'm actually vlogging with the a7
s mark 2 today we did it the other day
and you guys like it was like 50/50 off
you said you could see a difference and
after you like know you've gotten rx100
mark 4 just use that it's perfectly
adequate and I'm more than happy to use
this if I can get the freaking screen to
work because it fell off the table
yesterday and I was vlogging and it fell
on the screen and now the screen doesn't
work so if I want to use this camera
which it does still fully function I
have to use the pop-up viewfinder to
actually see what the camera can see I
don't have a screen on it anymore now
you can get replacement screens they're
only about thirty quid so if worse comes
to worse I'm gonna have to buy a
replacement screen and try and fit it
myself but I thought like this screen is
still intact so maybe if I take it apart
I might be able to fix it
oh my god I have fixed it holy crap oh
my god oh my god oh my god I'm a genius
and I'm so happy right now I've just
saved so much money
oh I'm so happy guys you don't
understand
you don't stomp this was the vlog
Channel at jeopardy right now this was a
massive issue now I've got to try and do
is put this screen on this side of this
mechanism and then attempt to put it
back together in hopes that it's all
going to work
please I'm begging and begging and babe
oh my god oh my freaking God it works it
were oh yes there we go look at that the
most powerful point and shoot camera
money can buy is back up and running
finally I thought I was gonna have to
buy a new one and I was just like why is
everything going to crap what Lynch
relations talk about this for a second
so in 2016
I've broken my phone got it repaired
I've broken my laptop fixed it myself
this cameras broke fixed it myself
my a 7's broke but that wasn't really my
fault but that brokers was so miss stood
was broke I don't understand what's
happening
Jed started out saying to me and he said
to me that he thinks it's the totem pole
right he said that he thinks it's the
totem pole and I said to him what had to
start out with he thought it was he
thought you know it was just joking
around but since there's so much more
stuff was broken like this camera the
laptop
he literally Jed is like 100 percent
thinking 100 percent backing the fact he
genuinely thinks this turn pole is
cursed he genuinely thinks it is like
he's a firm believer that the think the
reason everything's breaking and going
wrong is because of this like he
genuinely believes that I'm not even
joking
take a moment for a second guys and just
appreciate this look at that man that's
gorgeous just but now stairs and have
some spaghetti bolognaise and I'm
feeling a little bit more sprightly I'm
still feeling under the weather so we're
gonna have a chill vlog today but you
know what this I've got like three
parcels here so you know what I think
they're all clothes which is really
boring but one and I want hoping the
clothes the best part about my is if it
is clothes then I can take the stupid
vest off and I can actually put
something decent on the help no freakin
way
oh my god slick raps you are freakin
genius and they've sent me some shirts
as well
slick roughs right I'm gonna tell you
guys what this stuff is after weaving
box this stuff or unwrap this stuff it's
not even a box what the hell slick
perhaps you the real MV freaking Peas my
friends let's have a look what we've got
in this one oh yay you guys see me
rocking 11 all the time so I've just
thought of some new 11 shirts because I
don't want to over wear my other ones
what is this oh cool man what the hell
this is my onyx mouse mat and it's the
biggest one well not the biggest I think
it's the biggest one they do they sent
me an email that Alex we've seen that
you've sort of gone back to this mouse
mat in your videos what why aren't you
using this one why have you gone back to
this one and I said it's because I don't
really like this big long razor one and
then I will why don't you try our big
long razor what I wanna try a big long
mouse mat and see if you like it so here
it is let's try it
actually I hold the phone a second but I
told you guys I tell you what the slick
crap stuff was for and I don't want to
keep you guys waiting cuz I'm not that
sort of guy sit wrap saw the video where
I wrapped this drone wrap that the
things in the red and they said he Oh
Alex how cool would it be if the whole
drone which is
can read no white showing at all so
there's certainly a matte black wrap to
go over the battery and everything
that's white on it so literally it's
just gonna be black and red it's gonna
look so stellar now on a level though
how frickin cool is this drone like on a
level though it's just so incredible how
accurate by exactly what the right word
how precise these slick crap skins are I
still need to go and put it down with
the hairdryer but it just does look
absolutely sick like I'm so stoked like
that's just awesome still gonna do the
controller as well they even think it
includes the control of stuff but they
have slicker apps you're awesome
eivol I get all of my skins from slick
raps where's my phone my phone skin is
absolutely genius I love it it's got so
many of my favorite forever like TV
shows and different brands on there's
like lots of skin on my phone look and
it's just full it wraps all the way
around the edge it's absolutely awesome
so if you guys want any any raps I
really do 100% recommends the craps
insane yo check out my new 11Â° chip
it's nice isn't it I think I think it's
I think it's nice it's very summery
which is why which is why I bought it
getting ready for summer and when let me
let me complete the look with the who I
think it is completely it's a complete
house just by is your mars bar summer
look right there take a good look and
this is exactly what I'm gonna be
wearing every single day in summer so
you're probably wondering why this help
is here and that is because toby is
actually staying at mine
for a few days this is his setup it's
got his computer in the server room just
down there it's little beast we've I've
got a video about that on my main
channel mean toby built by the whole
thing together for him or upgrade a bit
who's this under the bullies I don't
like it hi this is what I actually looks
like when we're playing alone we're
actually in a game right now it's where
for the minions to spawn take myself
with his Mac I've got myself we have
Spotify open listen to some dank tunes
quite listening to all day by a Tribe
Called red so just go ahead and change
shirts put a good old Mars bar shirt
back on
I don't really wear these anymore my
videos I just totally forget to but I'm
going to try and wear real Mars bar
apparel in my videos up wait a minute my
phone's going off and it's like what
3:00 in the morning my mum Yuri you what
Toby has just gone gone to sleep and I
thought I'd take the time to show you
guys a little sale that we've got going
on Toby's computer down here Mike my
computer here you guys already seen that
and I patched him into the network so
we've got a bit of a LAN going on well
tape while Toby's well Toby staying in
my house which is then absolutely also
these got all this stuff down here is it
here as well yeah I'm gonna end today's
vlog here guys I do hope all of you have
enjoyed it as always - Raj you guys have
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video adios good morning guys how are we
all doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome to
my Sunday I hope all of you are doing
alright
