is of course Alex and how all of you
guys are doing okay hi guys this
afternoon I've got to wait in the house
because I've done a promotional video
for a gym which have been editing for
the last few evenings the owner of the
gym is coming around to my house in
about 15 minutes
to see the video for the first time and
speak of the devil you say to me about
the community so once we guys say my
client has disappeared he's happy with
the video just a few changes that was
always I had him around to look at it so
we can tell when the changes that he
wants doing as you can see my room is a
massive tip right now and there's one
reason for that and one reason only and
that's because yesterday we strapped a
drone to a drone we strapped the spark
to the inspire we took off the inspire
and then took off the spark whilst the
inspire was mid-flight
it was awesome you guys need to go and
check out the video if you haven't
already but for now I need to put these
drones away and get on with the main
portion of today's vlog
here we are back at the kitchen table
again this time last week I went down to
the Apple store to see if they were
going to repair my old laptop and my
phone and if you don't know what was
wrong with them there was a lot of
things wrong with them so go and watch
that video
the screen was broke the keys didn't
work the screen of fall off now for
watch of what Apple we're gonna give me
a really hard time trying to get them
repaired but they didn't give me a call
today saying I like everything's back in
stock we want you to come down because
we've got some things to say to you so I
cannot wait to go back to over the day
and pick up my old laptop and my proper
Series three Apple watch hopefully with
the screen on it and return the MacBook
that I bought last week - oh and also
Luc's here let's do this
we've broken down guys my car's broken
down what'd you buy the shop okay guys
so I've just got off the phone with my
breakdown service and apparently I told
them what the warning was in the car and
if I need something to do with fuel I
left the house with 40 miles and it's
making more sense and I left the house
with 44 miles and tank and it's about 28
miles to where we're going but obviously
the readout on the car isn't 100%
accurate so I'm assuming that we've
broken down because we've got no fuel
now I'm getting a phone call Michael
Michael Michael has seen my car decided
we broke you down by the way I'm not
joking we've actually broken down the
Michael CIMA car even around his corner
it said they're gonna take an hour and a
half for them to get here to fix this
car they're gonna try and take to a
petrol station first and then if that
doesn't make it work then it's got to
get towed off and I'll get a courtesy
car so I'll keep you guys updated
without the side of the road it's
freezing update it's only minutes later
still sat here nothing's going on update
45 minutes later it's still sat here
hazards are on don't know what to say
everything's up in the car lat
everything is just and I've got no I
don't even want to start the car in case
it is the fuel ok update 15 minutes
later I'm not waiting an hour and a half
for people to come so I run one of my
friends that lives in the closest town
that we are in looks like he's now on
his way with a jerrycan song and I hope
that it's the fuel in this car that's
the problem it proper did shake though
didn't it it was like a proper like
digit of it and that was it and then I
put my foot down and nothing would
happen on the plate on here and on here
it said something along the lines of
chassis didn't it it said that the
drivetrain was faulty which usually is
like the gearbox and all the stuff
underneath the car but hoping it's not
that we're hoping it's just the fuel we
can only cross our fingers I've got my
friend Ross on his way right now our
guys have been in the car for two hours
it's surprising and actually that cold I
really hope this fuel against this car
started I mean look still don't know
what's going on with this car still
having no idea
let's see if it starts
do it yacon please work please work
it working done it I think it started I
think it started I don't have a clue
guys what's what's happened to this car
I don't even know if I want to carry on
driving it or not best thing is probably
to try and carry on and see if the same
thing happens
today has been an absolute nightmare
today something happened that I never
thought would ever happen to me ever in
my entire life and that is running out
of fuel in a car I thought you would
have to be absolutely mental to run out
of fuel in your car your car is meant to
clearly say how much fuel you have left
in your car my car had run out of fuel
I run my car out of fuel how could you
be so stupid you're probably thinking I
know exactly what you're thinking cuz I
was thinking the same don't worry I have
an idea for this vlog Google thank you
very much for the home cards and another
Google home Mini that's wicked
thanks guys let me know in the comments
what you guys prefer a lexer or Google
home because I have no idea and I have
both they're both brilliant devices
Google thank you so I want to do
something with you guys for quite some
time and this is to tell you guys how to
make better videos
what better video to do that on as to
where it's 1:22 in the morning and I
haven't been able to vlog all day
because I've been stuck in a freezing
car I'm gonna teach you how to make your
videos better and some of the things
that I do in my videos to make them
better to make them more entertaining
well hopefully they're entertaining I
want you guys to go ahead and do is just
think for a second about what is in a
YouTube video what is the most prominent
thing in a YouTube video probably cups
now cuts are well these things physical
cuts in the video to move the story a
lot
and just like that a simple cut is made
guys this is gonna be the video where
I'm going to teach you Mars bars way of
protein all of the secrets you guys need
to know behind it to make your videos
and your productions just that a little
bit better than everybody else's so just
a little bit of basic term and I want
you behind this a cut is as I've already
explained a simple cuts between two
shots between two camera angles you guys
get the point but they've been happening
for absolutely years and something needs
to be done to change it to move forward
to bring it into the 21st century
introduce transitions this is an example
of a transition absolutely if the
cameras now appear what the help well
guys I think I'm going dizzy what's
going on it's like I'm time warping or
something Jesus Christ first one I'm
gonna show you guys is to whip
transition I'm gonna whip the camera
right and that is it you've overtaken
Alice well what next what that's done is
its created a thing called emotion below
now I'm gonna do is move to a totally
different area of my office let's just
say this iPhone box down here and I'm
gonna whip the camera back in the same
way I'm gonna whip it right and as you
can see if I stitch both of those things
together the motion blur simply hides
the cuts and it looks seamless
transition one demonstrate it and for
the record this works anyway like you
can do it up what you guys doing down
there
now this next transition I'm gonna teach
you guys is a little bit more difficult
and it requires you to have your camera
set in manual now I did this transition
earlier when Luke
to the frame and it was really really
really really cool pretty much I do this
is you set your focus to manual your
aperture ISO and should the speed to
manual and then what I'll do is I'll say
the same phrase twice so for example
let's say I'm talking about the new
Google home Mini that Google has sent me
today in the post I'm going to say to
you guys the Google home Mini is
absolutely awesome as you can see it's
right there to my I think this thing is
absolutely awesome now then how could I
do that the phrase I said was right
there to my right you say without the
Google home there then you move the
Google home into shot and then I'll say
it again right there to my right and
I'll just cook between the two really
fast and then it will appear in frame
like this right now these are just a
couple of different ways that I use in
my videos to keep people hooked and also
just to have fun and to see if I can
pull them off hopefully you guys learned
something about transitions
I do get a lot of questions you guys
asking how to do certain things so if
you want to do like a weekly thing where
it's like a how-to and I show you guys
have to do something cool but I get up
to on the daily then let me know down in
the comments but for now guys funnies
been out like you guys have been awesome
I've been sat on the side of rope three
hours and hopefully I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog where we can have a
little bit more positivity today's just
been one of those days guys click here
to subscribe click here to watch
yesterday's episode yesterday's episode
was awesome by the way start of make up
for today's sat by the road vlog and
I'll see you guys in tomorrow's as usual
adios guys
you
