good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome to
my Sunday I hope all of you are doing
alright cracks is playing just woken up
at to Clara's and I just shower
and listen to some music in the inn
while I was in the shower by phone and
it reminded me of that freaking crack
song that old dubstep song surely all
you guys have heard it this is Clara's
place and just fit this is class car and
just behind Klaus house a there's a
massive field so what I'm gonna do is
take off the drone run up the classroom
because she's got like a balcony thing
and then just like fly the drone out
there and see how far I can get it to go
out because I bought the drone with me I
never took it out the car yesterday and
it's still got like the 50% battery left
in it and that obviously because we've
got the new battery didn't we tested it
yesterday's vlog so let's get a fly
you
no doubt office right and I'm gonna
notice like you normally carried I live
my life and I really know is on top of
my damn day being patient and perfect it
took a couple years so I know I deserve
it but I see well every time we chill
I'm running out of time baby can I get a
refill what happened to the plug and it
was so gonna serve y'all like a brand
new cover show us some love I'm feeling
elegant this right all I really know is
I'm on top of the world there we go so I
am all back home I just want to say I
hope you guys enjoyed yesterday's video
got really early in the morning and
managed to gather the stuff done so that
I could party in the afternoon it was
really fun we ended up playing beer pong
and is having a really good chill-out
session with the girls so that was that
was really fun I really enjoyed this as
you can see I've got my standard
standard shark tooth on I need to order
another one I'm actually holding it
together with the cable tight broke ages
ago in town and some girl came up to me
gave about too much lies is your shark
mm uh fixed if I need to buy another one
I always wear this sharp tooth whenever
I go out and meet people and I don't
know why it's just a thing I do and if I
don't do it I feel like I feel like I've
let myself down we need to go pick up
Toby because he's in Newark and you
should been chilling this morning
where's me to get back and I'm gonna
pick him up now from Newark
oh hey
this guy right here if it focuses has
sent me a gift on League of Legends so
thank you holy nugget and he's sent me a
love heart and he sent me this this
champ to play is he good yeah is he good
he's a top name gone is a top lane god
brilliant Bing so basically we've got
like a little bit of a setup going on
obviously the League of Legends involved
as usual every frickin Sunday let me
pull something up on this computer and
show you guys something
bats what is this we're on baking well
baby looks so pretty much right I'm
trying to get in with this girl on
Instagram I'm gonna drop a link in the
description now if you guys yeah did I
get for that little of these do I need
to put in oh yeah Cinematheque brilliant
pretty much i got linked something on
twitter by one of you guys and it was a
video titled how to be mars bar and ice
alright and I just thought hmmm so we're
gonna watch it we're gonna watch it and
just see what we'll think of it all
night
I've done other Possible's lesioning
what I do every single blood babe let's
go just kidding just gonna pop parcels
oh what's actually inside
you're the b-roll shots nail to know
that far let's open this parcel alright
so I actually think I know what this is
ah
Elkin I have actually sent me a charger
honks Bell can presenter with this
little cable flick see what I do that's
delicious if I got it in from a company
that's literally what I'd say it's so
bad right so hey guys what's going on my
name's Alex time with Connolly 1025
Chris are there you've messed up
numerous times there so number one I
want to tell you how to properly do my
intro right there's a lot of emphasis
and you need to get it perfect and it
needs to flow and used to flow as Jeremy
would say it talks about grime it needs
to frickin flow it's like this right so
hey guys what's going on my name is Alex
but the thing is here's the second
mistake that's not my vlog channel intro
my vlog channel intro goes a little
something like this
good morning guys how are we doing my
name is of course Alex and hope all of
you are ok that's my vlogging try dude
you got the intros mixed up focus so
today I'm going to go into Lincoln I'm
gonna meet Jed we're going to go to
Angel coffeehouse I've got a couple of
business things to do and yeah we'll
just see how the day goes
alright so where he's actually going to
raid your coffee house isn't it
actually who is this guy you like blue
what angel coffee house
it's a good video to be fair my kid I'm
probably enjoying it let's just shoot a
time-lapse up there some guy came over
cause not to kill myself that's fucking
brilliant music I do I absolutely love
it
my camera and the thing is you thought I
was freaking joking I don't even know if
it's focusing the screen doesn't work
the first tape are literally literally
the screen doesn't work have to look
through the viewfinder to get to still
record though you're like recording now
like it's recorder insulation recorded
some things I could do my videos but
after lit through this to be fair I just
point the camera normally just in just
like I'm cmeek on it yes alright it's
fine read it freely the screen anyway
okay having no screen is like really
starting to annoy me right now let me
try and show you guys I can't see if I'm
actually in focus I physically don't
know if you guys can see see this little
thing here that's just popped up if I
put my eye up to that I can actually see
what I would be able to see on the
screen but it's coming through this
little thing here so usually easy I
brought like that with the screen up and
I can make sure in focus makers are
recording but now or - just an
impossibility hopefully when I've got
some like tomorrow I can see if I can
fix the screen I don't even know what
happened it just fell off the table and
Bausch is not working brilliant I've got
the best look ever literally it's just
always me isn't it brilliant please
don't ask me why I've started this vlog
at 3:22 a.m.
