please don't ask me why I've started
this blog at 322 am I suppose I thought
it was a new day and this is what I've
done I'm absolutely starving I'll see
you guys when I wake up good morning
guys how are we are doing my name is of
course Alex and Jesus Christ it is
literally mentally and physically about
944 am I don't quite know how I'm coping
right now it is the earliest that I've
been up and i want to say at least half
a year how bad is that man my so bad why
my sleeping schedule everything about my
life is just like for next up I'm having
food at let half-past three in the
morning going downstairs making a bacon
sandwich you guys saw last night who
does that half-past three in the morning
and then I struggled to get up before 12
now it's 944 I've got some stuff to do
this morning and I kick it off with with
the gym sesh get the endorphins running
let's do this right we're going to click
play on the Spotify given playlist and
let's do some skipping
hey
there we go guys while my watch is
vibrating like a madman I've had the
Bluetooth turned off on my phone I've
only just realized turned it back on and
now it's pushing all the notifications
to my watch am i watch isn't like not
stopping now but I've had a shower with
gymed with feeling full of endorphins
ready for the day I want to go and test
out this battery which I've spent like
150 pounds on for the inspire one and as
you guys know if you didn't know I
bought a new battery for the inspire one
this is the one it came with and the
inspire one for some reason actually
comes with a battery that's like you can
buy a bear battery than the one it comes
with some reason that I've include the
best one in the box which is ridiculous
because the inspires ridiculously
expensive as it is so you think they
give you everything but no they don't
partly this but new battery that I've
bore should last a little bit longer so
I want to test that out and make sure
I'm not wasting my money and if it
doesn't if it lasts about the same time
as that one then I may as well just send
this back because it was like 150 quid
but let's go for a fly and see if this
battery was worth the money I've got my
controller or now we're gonna need a
won't need a memory card as well
obviously actually such a nice day today
no wind nice son I'm feeling this is
gonna be a good weekend that's awesome
what you just took one in the jugular
man we've got people fishing and i hope
this journey noise isn't gonna put them
off um no but we've got a nice leg to
fly on we can fly all the way down here
we've got boats and stuff and go all the
way down there so let's set up
I'm actually going to go ahead and fly
from the inside of my carcass and I can
actually see the screen it's really
something outside so let's take a trip
downriver shall we
you
and also what I can do is tell it to
come home by pressing this it will not
fly home by itself what i can do is
while it's flying home by itself just
control the camera and look round which
is really really really cool by splendor
to 100 meters and now it's going to come
home so to make sure it doesn't hit any
trees it's really intelligent as you can
see now it's flying back by itself and
all I can do it just mess around with
the camera Hey look at me in my mini I
can see me I'm gonna fly hello I leg I'm
going to bring in for a landing okay I
was flying for seven minutes and I've
got fifty nine percent battery remaining
that's quite cool and it's definitely an
upgrade from the last battery I'm happy
you watch one of these fishermen now is
gonna buddy come over and I start asking
me questions so we're back home I've
gone ahead and put the inspire batteries
on to charge as you can see brightest
charging up really impressed actually
with the battery life on that that's
going to be awesome gonna be us with
some absolutely awesome videos now for
you guys what I can do is go to location
take both batches with me and have about
30 minutes in the air to capture footage
which is probably now the fact that I'm
gonna upgrade next is the memory card in
the drones because I've only got the one
it came within its only 16 gig and
recording 4k to a 16 gig card is gonna
run it out really quickly so message
maybe where that's a 32 gig or a 64 gig
card in the near future but we'll cross
that bridge when we come to it now I
need to get myself on Twitter and choose
the questions I'm going to answer for
today's Q&A I'm going to record for the
main channel God that Sun is bright and
also just a quick disclaimer and yeah if
you do want ask me questions on Twitter
to be featured in the Q&A or any point
ask them with the hashtag ask Mars on
Twitter and then what I'll do is once a
week or ever I'll go on look at the
hashtag ask Mars and see if you guys
have said any cool things and if you
have then I'll answer them or maybe put
them in a Q&A video on the main channel
or something along those lights
brilliant there we go i finished of
unwrapped up recording the QA i also up
here I was SAT here
yeah and I answered the question had the
camera here and I recorded it all in 4k
so hopefully it's going to really raise
a pin-sharp as well CA now gotta edit it
in the next hour because I told Maria
i'll be at hers in like an hour and I'm
just not gonna be able to edit this
thing in an hour there's just no way
there's no way if I can do it then so
there we go we are all edited and now
rendering out as you can see took me
about an hour to render it is now almost
three o'clock I think it took me
literally an hour to edit so I think we
beat our target and in this time as well
packed I've got all my camera stuff in
here and i'm actually going to film
after a visit maria and clara and stay
with them tonight I'm going to video do
a video for my friend for his college
project so I've got on my camera gear in
here I've got my tripod emitted hit the
drone and the obviously this controller
just just just so I've got it in case he
wants the drone for his colleagues shoe
which have been doing on sunday morning
so obviously I'll show you guys that as
well I've got a ps4 in their sob viously
I'm staying acquirers with Maria and
that luck tonight and I'm taking guitar
hero and clara was like you can bring
any games awesome what to do then and
then just bring it so I ok I'll bring
I'll bring guitar hero and if we want to
play Cairo we have that we have the
opportunity so go in here and I need to
go and put it all in the car
ready to go oh there we go so all my
morning activities are now finished I've
done everything I've been up into the
gym pants fly the drone had a shower
then the QA recorded the Q&A headed to
the QA and it is three o'clock let's go
and get my car washed
whoo they did a good job didn't I check
out my freaking whip dice co freaking
look at my tires and everything I want
to get some red brake discs I'll be sick
hello like this fuck ass hey guys it's
someone to free him just gonna take you
on a new plug-in channel I'm with the
boy the boy the seaside yeah do I just
stop it what it's upside down some
living the choice of water right so
we're gonna fill up the beer pong here
there we go
you
Oh
Oh
oh come on in guys my name is Alex and
welcome back to another video today's
champion of the best hairstyle goes to
obviously me joking look like a complete
mess I'm not happy about that I'm not
proud of that oh well what are you doing
