come on in guys my name is Alex and
welcome back to another video today's
champion of the best hairstyle goes to
obviously me joking look like a complete
mess I'm not happy about that I'm not
proud of that oh well what are you doing
jet said it's in indeed said it's in a
video on the macbook I've just finished
my edit on the map pro currently
uploading it now yesterday's vlog forgot
the cells going down this is a YouTube
table right now gone ahead and ordered
some clothes and apparently they
delivered the clothes well partly they
attempted to live the clothes I part
levels in the house and apparently
they're left a note to say I needed to
reschedule the delivery I didn't even
get that note so I'm just run up the
company road at the close ones I look
what's going on and this is what they're
going to try and read deliver the
clothes for me which is it which isn't
too bad but we're going to change it up
a little bit today just because I want
to experiment a little bit I'm going to
do the rest of today's vlog on the a7 s
mark 2 so as you can see this is the a7s
motto got a gorillapod attached to it
this is how we used to blog with the 87
s and then I got this and now I'm going
to go through the air 7s too just to see
if it is any good for vlogging and see
if the qualities any better so you guys
let me know okay cool I really hope this
isn't a bad move I'm gonna leave this
camera here for today and I'm leaving
the house now with a 7s Montu not my
normal vlogging camera this is really
weird Jay just reminded me I'm currently
using the inbuilt mic on this camera
when I have a rode mic that I can
actually put on top of it and make it
sound a hell of a lot better so I'm
gonna use this instead there we go the
road mike is now all connected so
hopefully there's some extreme audio
quality going on on this vlog I'm
picture quality for that matter quite
lock the door so Jed and I are going to
meet an old friend called Kaylee you
guys have seen it before in the vlog the
only thing I'm missing with this rig is
I can't use I can't mount it in the car
to talk to you guys in the car because
obviously I don't have a suction cup
using a big-ass gorillapod so I can hold
it out really far now just holding it as
much
so I've just got to take these parcels
to the post office which was meant to do
yesterday and just didn't have time to
do it let me go do it now there we go
brilliant is that it then there we go
all the parcels have been sent off
hopefully they can fix my 7s and I can
actually use that that as my main
vlogging rig as I said no car vlogging
rig so see you guys when we get to
Lincoln and meet Kaylee
you've arrived at the coffeehouse and
we're caught late header but I've got
five actors in Civilization made a fella
isn't your copy answers to the end of
copy house so angel coffee house the
best coffee house for a coffee and
entertainment we've got a little draw
here that you have to open up right and
inside there's little bits of notes and
you can you can draw and it can be what
you want really and we'll just see
what's up what's inside this one but it
just got hot and you're gonna kick up 50
it ha ha ha well we're gonna kick off
excellent coffee at the engine
coffeehouse and also interesting out
this I can't confirm this is some good
shit so apparently yeah we're gonna go
into a time lapse at the top of a car
park apparently jess's it's gonna be
good enough it's not gonna smite you
head in your head in so we're gonna
drive to this car park right now and set
up the cameras to do some photography
long exposure short expose your
time-lapse sing thanks very short
experience
Walter I'm sorry I haven't blogged guys
early apologize there in custard it's
crushed dead a lot because we're in cost
and that's how much copies costing costs
across the lot and we're having a few
issue if haven't if your girlie issue I
am you're not I'm fine look right but
I'm not fine it's all shits going down I
can't talk about it you guys can just
win the Hunger hopefully she doesn't
watch this video you want you to leave
me alone
perhaps trying to say earlier right but
on the last vlog ours in Alex's there's
a lot of mean comments about me there
was comments like dank that was comments
like all she touched an email kid cuz I
was dressed all in black there was a
comment saying sister go your fucking if
so rabbi have a pocket pussy I just
think there's a lot of you like about 14
13 years old saying this stuff on the
internet it's just you know if you're
saying that to me like someone you don't
know one internet it's just nice really
is it
kaylee you are now leaving me I'm going
home the drop-top yet jobs off Jimmy
jabs of Emily and my battery's about to
die so I'm say bye to you Kaylee you
love everyone on my blogs no no the man
to you really mean to me right call me a
dyke I die yeah and said the rival
pocket pussy the man and call me emo so
wore black like I just dress nicely
thank you so you guys remember Barney
the guy that's in Australia it's kind of
like my best mate and haven't seen him
in ages just pop round to come and see
his mom and his sister like if you can
say I'm not be really helpful and just
to go and see how the RO stuff because
yeah roster there we go I'm back home I
have just been to see Liz and Annie
Barney's mormon Barney's sister and
haven't seen them since like before
Christmas and obviously Barney's like my
best mate and I was obviously really
close with their family so I know Barney
sister and Barney's mum really well so
it's really nice to have a little
catch-up and they've good old chats with
them just come home finished off a
conference call for a company that I'm
starting to work with and I'll let you
guys know a little bit more on that in
the future here it's gonna be a big
thing I'm going to be talking about in
these vlogs by the way so that's really
awesome I can't wait to sort of release
this information to you guys what I'm
what I'm doing with this company but
hopefully you guys are gonna love it
because that part of this company and
we're gonna be releasing this to you
guys and it's gonna be absolutely all
I'm hoping it's gonna be awesome anyway
and just to be clear no me and kaylee
are not going out at all kaylee actually
thinks differently about who you like
Haley likes women yeah no we're not
going out saying that I do look Kaylie
as a friend she's so close with mikaella
I feel really close to cater like I
could talk to her literally about
anything obvious like I talk to you guys
about everything as well which is
absolutely awesome and hope if you guys
have got any issues you tweet me and we
can chat because i love to chat to you
guys everything in here just seems to be
a bitter loss there's nothing there's
nothing anywhere I've taken everything
round to the office there's no asus
computer everything everything's just
gone this is just back to a plain old
boring room we've got the new inspired
battery so I'm gonna have to get up
early them
gonna fly with that and see how when see
how good the new batteries obviously we
know that the new battery is a bit more
powerful than the battery that came with
it so hopefully we should be able to get
some longer flights out of it make some
more cool videos for the main channel
with the inspire one room talking about
the main channel i need to do a Q&A on
there been so busy recently as you guys
know we haven't stopped do it doing
stuff you guys can see every single day
of my life on this blog and i just
haven't stopped or had a minute to do
anything so i'm gonna get up tomorrow
morning and go ahead and record that Q&A
for the major on get it edited and then
i'm spending the day with well i'm going
to Matamoros for a bit and then we're
going to some sort of like party
gathering thing together which should be
really fun so yes that's that tomorrow I
need to end this vlog right now because
I need to log onto my computer finish up
the tech flow video get that uploaded
then do some stuff for el gato and then
I've got to pick up the questions that
I'm going to do for the QA and then
we're going to have a bath and then I'm
going to go to bed so that's going to be
it for today's vlog hopefully I'll see
you guys tomorrow and I'm going to be
doing a video tomorrow and how our
record the queue and eggs i'm not sure
where I'm gonna do it I'm gonna like a
little I think I might do it like you
guys can see that sort of an angle and
I'm gonna be SAT here i'm not sure i'm
really not sure how I'm gonna do it and
also if you guys comment if you've
enjoyed the quality of this camera more
than this one let me know that'd be
really interesting but anyway yes mine
is not you guys have been awesome i'll
see you in my next video re else so as
you can see ya the iphone is pretty
dirty right now and the samsung galaxy
s7 is and that's because they both have
loaded load of wood on them and I've
jestem washed the s7 off in in the water
obviously because it is just fully
waterproof and you can submerge it so
we're just demonstrating that in the in
the video here so it's going to
struggling to get the footage off the s7
apparently when it has water
