glistening guys how are we all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another video another one another one
every single day fresh on the channel so
in this here box is my a 7s and my lens
which laughs the car a few weeks ago and
need to go and post it's going to the
sale you repair place so they can see if
they can put a screen on my baby so yeah
and it's going to post this at the post
office and just down here there is
another parcel which I need to put an
address on this is for it if you guys
were invited an elgato giveaway on my
twitch TV channel and I just totally
forgot to post it for ages and I got
messed around with a few different
things but I need to go and post the
winners elgato after him so basically
the post office hey this is a battery
for my spy one that I've ordered I
always delayed buying one because a
battery this battery is like 140 pounds
ridiculous amounts of money for a
battery yes I know that's why I never
bought one before if I do want to meet
some more videos with with the inspire I
am gonna need to buy under the battery
so I've only got one at the moment a
sick little package actually 5700
milliamp hours yes so just realized
before we actually want to go out the
house and post these things and gets the
office and don't pull this off at the
office cuz I don't want it lying about
in my room we thought that we need to
actually start recording this week's
tech flow video and we've actually got
the privilege of using a samsung galaxy
s7 for a little bit a little period of
time and that is here so what we're
going to do is well we've got back in
our possession we're going to compare it
to the iphone 6s and do a video on tech
flow but we're going to do it in a
different ways to style that like we're
not going to read specs off a piece of
paper and say we're going to actually
know tell you guys what we think of the
products go out and actually take some
photos so as you can see it's light
right now we're going to go outside
we're over to get both the phones take
some photos and I'm actually going to do
it live like a live tech flow thing it
should be should be a lil bit different
but really cool hopefully so we're
currently outside in my garden and we're
going to be doing these segments the
live segment protect flow filming
with this you know just going to fill me
and I'm going to take some photos with
these phones we're going to see which
ones are better so as you can see ya the
iphone is pretty dirty right now and the
Samsung Galaxy s7 is and that's because
they both had loaded load of wood on
them and I've just washed the s7 off in
in the water obviously because it is
just fully waterproof and you can
submerge it so we're just demonstrating
that in the in the video here so it's
going to struggling to get the footage
off the s7 apparently when it's has
water in the ports it doesn't let you
connect it to anything which is fair
enough because obviously don't short
anything out I think the up have no idea
what the parcel is that I've just picked
up it's literally got no weight to it at
all I need to get myself a proper
unboxing knife because there really is
no point in me doing all these and boxes
if I'm having to use a screwdriver to
get through the to get through the tape
here but we're still going to get inside
this little box ha no this is this is
full of styrofoam packing little pieces
from tanana oh but look at this little
box but Ivan at that Ivan the right ones
for this for this inspire one because DJ
I thought it would be a really cool idea
to make everything really easy for
everyone to do different types of blades
fittings for the same quadcopter I'm
rough neural father funny thing is me at
all you guys know something but he
doesn't typically make
they tell me what you can do I might not
one okay yeah let my bike try to viewers
already on having to do it's a measly
1313 a private important I missed 13 up
my personal best but we got that you can
see I'm sorry hey hows it but I want in
one day time comes it'll say not
listener its exact ok on top of you one
two three four five five six if I
n7player hey 9700 fun most of the ROG gr
pc is all down there all on installing
all the steam games we are now going to
leave the office we didn't food I'm just
gonna dominos later because I will just
get starving and I just feel like I
would dominate song in order dominos you
might you bother you buy lettuce that
you buy a load of stuff for master then
yeah we have successfully purchased
bagels well not purchased just picked
him up you're like any bagels oh we all
know what the bright lights mean camera
lights and freaking action is tech flow
time and I've pretty much crashed right
now don't know why it's like half past
eleven at midnight oh I still live in a
midnight you're sick you can tell them
I'm thinking straight there's actually
20 passed 11 right now a nice amid their
midnight yeah and I just feels dead I
need to go and have a coffee before I
even attempt to recall a techno video
oh I'm dying mating and dying what's
going down stairs and just for action ok
it's about 11 12 minutes after about
that coffee uncle feel like it in he's
ready to go right so that is a tech flow
video wrapped up and well I'm nearly
we've got to edit it now but the filming
is over and done jen is over to editing
it and I'm gonna go in the bathroom and
get some beer all over the s7 and
Samsung now we're still computing
Samsung s7 and the iphone 6s I swear
these companies just copy each other man
but that is going to be it for today's
blog I really hope you guys have enjoyed
and if you have and you new around here
I'd love it if you could subscribe to
the channel that will be absolutely
wicked and if you made it this far into
the video a like rating and the comment
of your choice would be really really
really cool pull off a bit late but
there but a lot of effort into these
videos for you guys as you can clearly
see I don't mess up at all laughs but
there and but ya know might as well x
you guys have been awesome cheering for
the vlog tomorrow I'll do this thing
every single day of my life every day
literally every day fresher 6pm and your
guys to box and I'll see you in
tomorrow's video adios
dog
oh god oh my God look at the fog tonight
I can't quite even focus on it
