good afternoon guys how all your doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another video I was at Maria's
house last night and she had to get up
to go to work this morning at like
half-past eight which is like an O in my
book that I don't even open my eyes till
at 11:00 so I stayed in bed till 11:00
and then ended up editing yesterday's
vlog in bed which was a really nice
experience I'm gonna bed to edit a lot
more now it's really fun
what are you doing Mel what are you
doing hey what are you doing outside my
bedroom you okay mate draw some food
I've just had another email from Elgato
they want some work doing and I need to
get it done
right now
so there we go this is what I've made
for them this is a video that's
currently playing right now but I'm just
about to send to a Gatto hopefully they
like it as I've always mentioned I love
doing the work for our Gatto their team
of people that do all the marketing and
PR they're just a really good group of
people it's really funny and I just
wants to work with them they're
absolutely awesome right I'm all way to
go and pick up Jed from the train
station because the fans on is coming to
mind this week which is brilliant we can
get some work done it wasn't that mine
last week he's coming for two nights
which is absolutely wicked so tonight we
couldn't possibly chill out and tomorrow
we can actually do some work so yeah we
can have a chill sesh and we can do some
works you guys can see where I'm driving
let's go an advice check got most iconic
Aussie Aussie oh yeah brilliant kids
make so much worn s empty in the bag
okay guys let me explain to you I bought
an SSD it's because you have a Cesaro
GTR 6pc
the bottom of my heart
okay has a hard drive inside of it and I
want to replace it with an SSD because
I'm cleaning that the hard drive is the
limiting factor of our machines I want
upgraded wait hey guys
there we go that was thick right it's a
Jets guys laptop here just out the frame
but it's a big beast and we're gonna get
it right we're going to try and fix it
for him today but the reason I bought
that hard drive without SSDs because I
want to put an SSD in the asus rog gr8
pc and i think if you just slide the
slide play gets like the side panel off
like that you can see we get access to
the two and a half inch drive which is
currently a one terabyte hard drive
SSD has been installed but beg lemon
does bagel bagel is the other boom I'm
gonna go ahead put some butter on my
bagel and then it's story time
Yeah right so the story time I need my
bagels first this is also a key
ingredient to the story time today
because I'm going to be reading you guys
something
what the hell you you think you know me
no yes so pretty much what has gone down
and you really do this is because
usually done every single freaking blog
we do we're just always like good mental
and doing something so it's tonight it's
time today just to take a chill and talk
about some stuff and I want to talk
about over-exaggeration of like fans
subscribers like sort of a reaction it's
the best way and I'm not saying in any
way that this like is offensive to me
I'm taking offense to it I'm honestly
not I just thought it'd be cool to talk
about and it's a cool little story
really this happens in the form of
social media and me doing YouTube is a
thing that I do I thought you guys would
quite enjoy this so let's get started
and it all starts on Instagram so I'm
gonna pull up this guy's account right
and I'm not gonna say his name because
it's just not needed we're only going to
talk about this on the blog just because
I think they're something that needs to
be talked about
and it's all well and good like if you
love someone that there's YouTube videos
you love someone has a blog you love
someone
you know but Twitter and you follow my
Twitter and they put inspirational stuff
on now it's all well and good to
absolutely love the hell out of them
find them inspirational and say things
to them like you know you've helped me
in certain situations you've changed my
life which is that that stuff is like
all fine and it like that is like
someone said that to me I'd be like
that's some criminal sort of thing but
this takes it to the next level so on
this Instagram account there's a load of
black pictures just just pictures of
darkness and there's also three pictures
of meat one of them quite recent and two
of them really old and the picture that
I don't really like but let's go through
them in order starting from the bottom
so the click on the first picture of me
it says this guy is my everything and
then tagged me which is absolutely
awesome I appreciate that right if I saw
that I'd be like guys absolutely awesome
dude
I'm so glad that you know you like my
videos that much like it's absolutely
awesome I appreciate that right so
that's all cool that second photo of me
I don't click on and in the tanks of
that one this is where I guess a little
bit you know it's alright still but it
gets bit more and in this is said this
point is changed my entire life is
switch the bass stuff to go I think if
I'm say good there and kept me out of
the cold which is why I love him he
inspired me to be like him and he's the
only one that's kept me breathing I
don't think I've been told that kept me
breathing part this is why I love him
he's my soul mate he is my everything I
would not be here today without him
I love you Alex Oliver Brooks I will not
stop thinking about you and I love you
and that again it's really cool but nice
that's brilliant and I've dropped the
like on the photo because Thank You Duke
that's why I literally made my day when
dude if you watching this I appreciate
all the stuff you saying but the next
thing I'm gonna read you guys is just
like this is just a bit strange so this
is the one where it gets a little
weird and the weird thing is is because
he's not actually physically talking to
me he's talking to you guys which is why
I'm gonna talk about this on the vlog so
we said calling all of the Mars bars
fans which I advanced were all friends
on here so let's just replace the word
 my friends are calling all Mars bars
friends me and Alex are engaged so if
you like that please support us and if
you dislike it get out of here so yeah
the story behind being Alex's engagement
because this is a story of our
engagement rally but yesterday I was
minding my own business until Alex days
in quotation marks Nike would you marry
me you're my only girl that I need and
so are applied in quotation marks
oh yes Alex I will marry you and plus we
can make videos together on my channel
and work on your vlog and main channel
close quotation marks so yeah it's all
true PS we don't know where we're going
to get married maybe next month or two
if you do like it we can invite you well
dude if we're getting married
you can't just invite random people to
our frickin wedding mate what do you
think about what you said would you
think about that I don't get stoned fine
so do I know I think it's very
acceptable for all the other stuff all
the early early photos prior to that one
way of saying
miles Baba he's may have been all that
kind of stuff that's absolutely fine I
would say that that's how you feel and
you can express that however which way
you want if you want to put that on
Instagram you and put that Facebook
snapchat that's fine but they're going
on to say no lies about someone asking
you to marry them and things are little
bit weird you just talked about you
didn't didn't they also a new plot Tim
because you found it really weird
the reason I've got Tim is because it
was commented on my girlfriend photos
and things are so I don't want that ever
mind no family if you enjoy my videos
and you enjoy my channel fair enough
that's absolutely fine just say that you
don't have to post up about me all the
time I get that you want to change love
yeah is like a if you want to roll me
involve me don't involve anyone else
relate to me and you guys are doing the
whole story time by the interesting to
put a bigger change in the vlogging team
we're gonna go in a store windows 10 on
Jays laptop for him and is excited he's
very excited mofo do you say you like
Justin Bieber do you like his new album
yeah sounds alright speech now so as you
can see 350 a.m. in the morning never
delay client work because it always will
just catch up on you it will just always
come back if you've got client work to
do just do it I've been designing as you
guys know like logos for companies and
if you like they're called table talkers
it was quite funny look the article
Table Talk is pretty much what you do is
the things that go on like cable you
know you go out to a restaurant you see
a little thing on a table and it says
all this with all the events that
they've got on at the pub or the
restaurant that your app that's called a
table talker and I've sort of been
designing but yeah I'm currently yeah I
would install the SSD in the in this
little computer that's behind here the
ROG and as you can see we've got the
keyboard absolutely looking pretty
pretty snazzy
so obviously I'm having to redownload
all of my games now it's pretty cool
because I've actually got Windows
running off the SSD as you can see here
and then
just name this ROG - for Republic of
gamers drive - it's got a terabyte of
storage which I could go ahead and
install all my games on and all my
programs and stuff but I've got premier
installed and different things like that
so it's just like the necessities ready
for a portable little PC like this but
yeah but I hope you guys enjoyed the
little story time we had today
discussing like how cool fans are our
fans are taking it too far for different
sorts of people so you guys want to
share your thoughts then feel free to
put down and conversation down below but
for now - replies you guys have been
awesome
I'll see you in my next video
