good afternoon guys how is everybody
doing my name is of course Alex and
welcome back to another video I want to
go and have some fun today with some
computers and just see what we can do so
let's do this first
I'm just really god damn hungry actually
no screw the fridge oh yeah can I get a
two plain double cheeseburgers please
brilliant thank you
she was nice I like nice people
brilliant cheers thank you she was hot
shy about my youtube of course you can
promote you tell about yet search your
life with Luis on YouTube please make
our funk ever go subscribe to YouTube
channel they are month nice to meet you
do J's money like see you dude never is
absolutely rudimental meeting fans crazy
man I only really quickly nip into the
office tonight to clear up something
from the secret room now where is it I
think found it I've got it here it is
this is what we need to build our
portable gaming setup there we go very
quick trip to the office got what I
needed
let's go home and see if we can build
this thing I'm not sure if it's gonna
work but don't play it well right so
let's get started shall we
right so the reason I put everything in
this bag is to just demonstrate how
portable it can be and how easy this
thing is to carry around what we're
going to do is try and build a gaming
setup but one that you can take anywhere
and one that's fairly powerful and I
mean any way you want to be able to say
this thing anywhere but it all starts
with this now this is a portable monitor
is literally a monitor
well as I've said it's portable it's by
these guys your link in description if
you guys wanna check this thing out you
can do and put it by these guys as you
can see on here and it's pretty much
just a monitor a really thin monitor and
you set it up like that and you've got
yourself a monitor that is literally all
theirs
brilliant and the best part about it is
it's USB powered so powered but note is
powered by USB but it uses HDMI to get
the 1080p signal at those things gonna
be any good or there's place I monitor
here where needs to be now let's bring
up our bag of goodies and see what we've
got in here so in the main part we've
got an extension cable this is just in
case you're far away from a plug it's
not really needed but it's just there
for a precaution in here what is in this
thing what we got in here weighs in here
the power cable and we have got the Asus
computer itself the rog gr6
so let's go ahead and plug our micro
HDMI into the sides of our monitor and
also our power cable which is going to
go into here like so and then what we
can do on this little plate behind the
monitor
we can actually put the computer itself
so we can lay this down fly here now the
monitor actually has two USB ports that
go into the into it to supply it with
enough power so we'll go ahead and plug
those into the PC itself once they're
plugged in we'll go ahead and looking at
the HDMI cable for the monitor so that
is the monitor setup now we throw our
keyboard a mouse for the keyboard I've
got the Logitech G 410 which I'm going
to place in front of the miter and for
the mouse we've got the Monica caster
and we're just going to go ahead and
slip those again into the pcs as we
would usually no way its links you just
come on instantly that's incredible it's
no way it's actually on how cool is this
it's actually all long days insane look
at this little setup they probably say
to yourself Alex let's play some let's
play some freaking game and whoa hold it
there hold it there we need some
internet we need to get some internet to
this thing and you guys are Alex why
don't you just connect it to your home
Wi-Fi you're in your kitchen no that's
cheating this is meant to be a portable
game in the sense of portables we've got
to do it anywhere so we need a 4G dongle
well I'm doing is I'm coming upstairs
and I'm gonna put this four G's on go
out this window because it's the high
point in the house there we go so we're
picking up two bars of 4G signal does go
and connect to this on the laptop oh wow
we actually working oh my god let's do
it's B step we're going to go into a
speed test here we're pulling 28 pink
which is respectable for gaming and
about 10 Meg's down you're not too
shabby guys no way check this out I'm
the gingers playing far cry on this like
legit just playing part like far cry
like really good settings and it's just
like not like it at all it's just eat
wow this is so cool
I'm Alicia playing in my kitchen so I
said these guys are
okay my mouth sensitivity is really high
right now and it's hard to play don't
judge me
my let's go over here
whoo oh my god I just got killed by a
tiger smash see if you want to know well
to make this even better hey we did we
said so that is pretty much what I what
I came up with when someone asked me to
try and build a portable gaming setup
that's capable of playing games with
some decent end hardware and the screen
that's powered by USB there's 1080p and
it's got decent response times I'm going
to be doing this sort of stuff a lot
more so if I see something in the
comments it's like a challenge or you
guys do something in a day then let me
know in the comment and I'll try and do
it I'll tell you sometimes I try and
build a portable gaming system so this
is what I came up with all these
products at the link in the description
you want to do it yourself
including the Wi-Fi dongle values do you
think Jake rocking it always in that bag
all of it and this is also really cool
as well you know the time lapse I filmed
at the end of yesterday's vlog
well if I just clear my notifications
off my phone is off my phone I've
managed to turn it into what's called a
live photo so as you can see it's my
wallpaper like that as you can see
that's the wallpaper the time lapse we
took last night and then if I actually
take my finger and I press it on the
screen you can actually see it start to
move how cool is that I'm going to try
and drop the download link to that live
wallpaper in the description of this
video via Dropbox it's only going to be
there for a limited time so if you want
to download that live wallpaper then
it's in the description this is my old
computer it's been in the gaming den for
ages I want to go ahead and install
Windows 10 on it and just see how she
performs just because I haven't used her
and I'm thinking I might either give her
away or sell her okay so after my
install of Windows 10 I can see that
we've got an intel i7 2603 point for
cougars 8 gig of ram and that's pretty
much pretty much all I can see here I'm
actually genuinely quite blown away
right now this computer is managing to
scrub through a 4k Timeline lab this is
me scrubbing through it on a timeline in
premiere right most computers would not
be able to do this like this is 4k
footage from an atom a Shogun
which is a 4k recorder and as you can
see I'm scrubbing through absolutely
fine and it also plays absolutely fine
in the timeline which is absolutely
blown me away I just didn't think it
would be able to do it what I'm thinking
I might do is get like a new motherboard
for that computer and a new case and
maybe some new LEDs and make it look
really cool and also a new CPU cooler
yeah and then we'll have like a backup
beast for the office but for now I need
to go to the gym finished in the gym
that was really easy I didn't push
myself enough that's not good there we
go guys I'm all showered up and already
it's currently quite late right now and
I'm going
someone's house so I'm going to go and
do that but first I've had a little bit
of an idea when I was in the shower I
was thinking you know the tech YouTube
channels that do like I'm going to say
Hardware Canucks for example well
obviously is video production is one
point and about a lot respectful I go
people like him who do the PC bills do
you think guys something we could do on
tech flow as when we get to the office
and wanting to create two videos a week
on tech flow to try and kick things off
on that channel I want to do two videos
a week and each month we're going to do
a monthly top 5 tech but I'd love to do
each month a PC build a PC book a PC
book I'd like micro ATX cases and put
loaded parts together to see what FPS we
can pull on games because all these
youtube channels that do the PC builds
that they do these like benchmarks of
the new Cinebench and all these real 3do
tests and it's like no I just want you
to go into a game like far cry or or
League of Legends or try and render out
a video on premiere and just tell me if
it works or not you know I mean that's
it tell me what the performance is like
I don't care about the numbers or the
specs I want to see if you can build a
PC that can do what I want it to do if
that makes sense and that was the sort
of series idea that I have so if you
guys could let me know that in the
comment section down below that would be
great I apologize for those people that
aren't tech savvy I've had a bit of a
text every day and I really enjoyed it I
hope you guys have and yeah I'll try to
do something that involves everyone
tomorrow hopefully all you guys like
this computer stuff and me messing about
with computer stuff and different bits
of hardware like the monitors and bits
and bobs like that but for now anyway -
make sure you guys have been awesome
and I'll see you in tomorrow's video a
like would be awesome if you're still
here by the way I'd really appreciate it
I love you guys
adios ah today is Monday start of the
week so it's time for a tidy up
