today is Monday start of the week so
it's time for a tidy up there we go
Jesus that's a nice bright whoa check
this out guys I've gone ahead and
blow-dried my hair today
and it's just like gone poof look at
this is like flat hello poop I've
actually been playing far cry on this
pulling 60fps at 1080p with settings on
medium which is actually pretty decent
Toby was playing League of Legends night
last night a nun League of Legends it
was pulling a hundred and 60 FPS which
is absolutely awesome from this little
box you guys didn't know why I'm doing a
giveaway for one of these you want to
try and win one the whittler link-up
little bitter there you know what I'm
gonna include that blooper so yeah I am
giving one of these away I'm working
with the guys over our asus to make this
possible for you guys so I'm giving one
of these away so if you wanna have a
chance of winning one as usual the link
will be in the description if I remember
because I am slightly retarded and we
all know this I was cleaning my keyboard
with a baby wipe and now everything's
gone black and all of got some mouse
some I'm slightly I'm slightly concerned
nothing a restart won't help
I want to talk about give and take now
give and take is a phrase and it's also
a song name one of my favorite songs of
all time give and take by net sky but
give and take is a really important part
of life and pretty much it means this
whatever you give out you need to take
back or whatever you take you need to
give back it's fairly simple and I don't
mean in the sense that if you go to the
hardware store and you buy a hammer you
have to give them a hammer back or if
you go to a PC store and you buy a
computer you have to give them a
computer back no I don't mean it like
that I'm talking from person to person
so let's say someone is being really
nice to you let's say they have taken
you out on a date rape or something
someone's done something that's really
nice to you right and they've gone out
of their way to do that for you right it
would be a bit of a dick move to not do
anything nice back to them now I can
talk about it this way in a few
circumstances I've given right you know
I've given a few people a lot of
opportunities to work with me to do
different bits and bobs and things like
that and you know what if you become too
nice and let people get ahead of you
then they take you for granted
and that's what's happened to me in a
lot of cases I've been too nice to
people are giving people too many
opportunities I'm leaving people too
many second chances they see that as a
weakness and then they take advantage of
it in comes give and take if I give
someone an opportunity I expect them to
give me an opportunity back we'll do
something for me in return
life is always a two-way system whatever
you power out there will come back right
honestly guys how it works
she's been something I've been thinking
about like don't be too nice because
people will take advantage of you but
obviously you do need to be a nice
person it's nice to be nice if that
makes sense
but you can be too nice and if people
grasp onto that they'll start to take
advantage of you and that is just human
nature that is what we do as humans and
it's just something that's been on my
mind so guys don't be too nice but be
nice if that makes any sort of sense oh
yeah and get back if someone does
something nice to you cool I'm glad we
talked about that okay something
seriously bad has happened to my
keyboard and it doesn't work unless I
press it right in the center
after press my keyboard right in the
center of the spacebar that is really
irritating there we go problem solved
this isn't even my keyboard thanks Nile
I was gonna buy the razor Deathstalker
Altima until I realized it was 229
pounds there's no way I can spend that
much money on a keyboard there's no way
I can spend that much what well I know
it has a screen and everything inside of
it but like 221 goodbye a bloody
computer for that much freaking 229
pounds and I can't really see how to put
it back together something's clearly
snapped off inside of on the spacebar so
don't this is gonna work anymore what if
I put that on there I'll go and find -
yeah - clickable pens and put the
springs on these little things oh my god
if I can fix this if I can actually fix
this I'm gonna be a genius right so what
we're saying is if I apply a little bit
of glue to the bottom of that so it
doesn't move and then we've got to cut
this one down to the right size so I
need some pliers there we go so now if I
put that one on there
wait these Springs are off the inside
here whilst I'm waiting I just want to
have a go with the inspire to make sure
that the wrap-up on it yesterday
isn't gonna gain the way and it's buying
and it looks like
it's absolutely fine air shears and off
you go right so as you can see here that
if my camera is gonna the folks move put
my hand like that focus camera please oh
wow cool right so I'll put the springs
here just there and just there and glued
them on so hopefully they should provide
a little bit of springiness if I put
this on here it's better than it was and
then we've attempted to fix this
keyboard and it kind of works a bit
better than it did before I just can't I
just can't use it like I typed that many
emails out and it causes that many
issues I just need a proper water king
spacebar but I love this style of
keyboard that's the issue like this
style of keyboard I absolutely love it
like this flat style I'm pretty sure 90%
of the people you guys know this but
just in case you didn't my building the
ultimate office video episode 1 has
started hitting youTube searches and
people finding it that aren't you guys
right people finding it that have
nothing to do they don't know about me
and people are saying oh my god this
guy's like got wasting you so much money
on stupid products and no like I'm sure
you guys know 90% 95% of everything in
the office video is sponsored like
companies sending me the products like
the monitor smell G the keyboards from
Logitech the world respected companies I
enjoy and love to work with I haven't
bought all of that gear you should check
in the descriptions of the videos and
it'll let you guys know whether you know
I've bought the product or it's been
sent to me that's what how YouTube works
there we go I've just finished off some
work for Elgato gaming that was really
open G so I hope they're not too angry
at me for being late on that but now
it's like really late I've had some some
gave all A's and I spilled it all on my
shirt so about to change my shirt so
that's the thing but yeah it's really
dark outside now so what I think I'm
going to go and do is
and set up this camera for the
time-lapse and I know a lot of you are
going to be interested in it and then
how I actually sets it up and how I
actually do the time-lapse is so yeah I
thought we could go outside and do it
together actually you know I'm gonna
explain most of it in here and then
because it's dark outside you guys have
to have to see what I'm doing so I'm
gonna need this thing this is a portable
battery backup and I'm going to be using
the a7 s mark to and this between the
market in the mark 1 and it's a really
cool difference really is the fact that
you can actually power the a7 s mark
toom off of an external battery or a USB
port and use it at the same time words
with the mark 1 you could charge it with
the US with the micro USB but you
couldn't use it at the same time so with
this camera the mark 2 you can actually
use the camera while it's charging which
is absolutely great and it's what we
need but these longer periods so I'm
gonna go ahead and try and put the
camera on this car right here I've got
the gorilla pod all set up and hopefully
what I can then do is turn this head and
make it look right into the sky I'm
gonna put it we're gonna put it I'm
gonna and then flip out the screen and
now I need to try and pull focus which
is gonna be the hardest thing to do an
important thing about shooting a
time-lapse as well it's always good to
have something in the foreground like a
tree or some branches so in the shot
here I've got a tree that side and a
tree that side and this is a really wide
lens so it's letting in a lot of light
and it's nice up sending the foreground
because you can see that standing still
there's no wind tonight and you'll just
see the stars moving in the background
now to set my proper exposure and you
have to wait for the flood light out
here to turn off and then I can start
the recording but I'm also going to do
as well as this is a wireless security
camera it's called the larger circle and
what I'm going to do is I'm just going
to put the logic circle just here
looking at my camera and what this
camera does is if it detects any
movement it gives me a notification on
my phone straight away so I know if
anyone is coming to try and steal my
camera hopefully they won't but this
will notify me if anything moves here or
it falls off all right it's turned off
it's turned off it's turned off finally
I can set this and go right
inside
melons
inside
