but after doing that is how are we all
doing my name is of course Alex and I
hope all of you guys are feeling alright
and you're all in good health
I am currently I'm go around to the
office it is 3:00 in the afternoon right
now and it was raining really bad this
morning like proper hailstones and
everything coming right down outside
which isn't good so yeah stay didn't got
a lot of work done this morning which is
fairly boring but it needs to be done
and I thought I may as well do it when
I'm while it's raining outside
I've mostly literally crapped this
morning like internally just feeling
really like the lethargic and arable but
I've had loads of fruit so I'm hoping
that that's going to work
it's time finally finally again to test
out this fat boy
as I was walking to my office a lovely
guy and his girlfriend's both said hello
to me but it was kind of like from
across the street
oh my god it's Alex so I said hi back
but if you didn't hear me massive hello
and thank you for making my day so you
guys know that this has been featured in
two videos so far this is the rog gr8
console-like gaming pc it's really small
and you meant to put it in your living
room so it's going to be perfect for the
office now AC set this out and I can't
wait to actually see how powerful it is
but first yeah you know that scene was
inside because I showed you in the other
vlog but I'm gonna do it anyway in this
video again just so we can just so we
can all do this together
it was simple in one simple video so did
this little sleeve on and I'll go over
the specs with you guys as they're
saying it up because I actually don't
know in the moment of madness I'm
slightly retarded
so says Republic of gamers the choice of
champion come on I've been saving
because all of us on this channel we're
all freaking champions so I'm hoping I'm
hoping this is the choice for champions
and we'll find out won't we
right let's open this bad boy up and
this this is pretty much the computer
what this is crazy literally so small
look at this thing in the Box also got a
QuickStart guide a man
and the power cable we're gonna need
this we're not gonna need this and so
for comparison's sake this is it on top
of a Playstation 4 and as you can see
it's actually smaller than the ps4 so
it's going to be smaller than the ps4
it's definitely going to be smaller than
an Xbox one I mean look at that this is
a PC and it can play games and as far as
I can tell as well there's not really
any other products on the market that
have the same sort of specs as this PC
which is really cool but you can build a
computer like this but you're never
going to get it this small I've just
thought to myself if I'm going to be
playing games on this thing I'm going to
need a keyboard and a mouse there we go
right
we're on HDMI - oh no that's the Google
chromecast I don't want that HDMI one
I've got it switched on
here we go HDMI one come on what's it
gonna say oh wow that's cool man
Republic again was and it's now matter
all turned on looking smaller than the
ps4 a full sized PC this is just a 4k
YouTube video playing from this little
computer down here well just look out
freakin crisper
oh my god Oh before I get anything done
to this PC we're gonna be upgrading it
to Windows 10 because I'm not using
Windows 8 but luckily it comes with the
free Windows 10 upgrade so there's
nothing to complain about just gotta
wait for it to download while this is
updated to Windows 10 I'm going to go
and fly the drone but unfortunately I
can't show you guys where I'm flying
because I'm actually flying around my
office around this office obviously
it'll give away the position of the icon
doing them but I can tell you the reason
why I'm going to fly and it's because
I've got a genius idea
but my Internet at home is absolutely
goddamn awful so what if I fly the drone
up to the top of this building and see
if I can see my house from the top of
this building sits only about a mile
away which is really cool it's very
close so I thought what if I can do if I
can put a ditch or the top of this
building beam it over to my house and
then pick it up with another dish and
then we can get the insane Internet at
this office at my house as well which we
actually awesome okay yeah we're gonna
need to get some light on up in this
room right now
because it is super dark there we go so
40 minutes later and I've managed to
download one of my favorite games to
play on PC far cry far cry 3 far cry 4
was about twice the size so I've been
far cry 3 just because it downloaded
quicker twitch the speakers to their
optical input and now we should be good
to go
it's how to successfully use a Mac for
gaming I made myself laugh there that's
quite funny Wow so we've got the
Logitech G 410 we've got the my onyx
mouse on the Mac for a trackpad we've
got far cry on our aces PC down there oh
and don't forget the TV itself it's like
55 inches and I'm sat really close to it
so I don't know if I'm gonna be out I
think I should go back a little bit
actually you know what I've got to say
this is a cool little product and I
thought it would be awesome if I teamed
up with the guys over Asus and we gave
one away to one of you guys how cool
would that be so if you might just
winning one of these things then check
the link in the description it'll take
you to a billion page just the usual
giveaway sort of thing and it's for you
guys only but this is for you guys only
you guys in the blog Channel I've got a
chance of winning one of these pcs I
mean don't enter it if it's I mean
I might play this game now and it might
like who knows but I hope it isn't
please don't please turn like okay okay
this is actually wicked it's not on full
screen for some reason them some reason
I can't I'm quite you've your mouse
oh no there we go thank for crying a 55
inch TV set on my chair with my mouse
and my keyboard oh my god here we go
right so this is on a 55 inch TV right a
4k TV right and it we're in 4k right now
and we're getting 23 FPS burm I'm
waiting for K okay playing on this
little box
the smaller than an actual games console
that is in true for Kayla let me zoom
into that for you guys right I'm
physically zoomed into the screen right
now just check out the detail now let me
zoom out for you do you see what I mean
like what obviously it's not playable at
this resolution because we're only
getting 23
yes and that's not the best experience
okay there's a lion okay I just got
killed by a lion out there right so
there it is just there I've changed the
settings and we're managing to pull over
60 FPS right now which is absolutely
awesome
let me prop you guys up and as you can
see everything is looking absolute you
find some guys though if you try and
take them out there we go i'm hearling
i'm hearling i'm hearling look at the
quality though it's insane oh I've
changed some of the sayings I'm gonna
put this thing back on for K&Z wait does
yeah it does just get terrible screen
they're tearing in 4k and the FPS drops
to about 22 is still playable but not
you wouldn't want to play on it let's go
down resolution so this is that 2.7 K
and as you can see we're pulling 56 FPS
and it's very playable right now this is
this is not really playable but this is
easy to play off and we're at 2.7 K 2.7
can of 55 inch breaking strings playing
my mind right I'm so close to the screen
right now I don't know if you can see
but I'm super close to the screen just
take a look around right this is the gun
right then I'm just gonna walk back and
show you guys where how close I just was
to that screen just then how insane is
that quality though but now I honestly
have to say like a bleach just hooked a
mouse and keyboard this little device
and plug it intimate it and this kind is
the quality just blows me away like
that's a 2.7 K and I just don't I can't
quite comprehend that it's coming from
this little thing which is smaller than
a Playstation 4 and an expert odd Wow
let's you just met another fan outside
the office this is all getting mental
now what what the hell man no way
all right put it I appreciate a lot yeah
yeah so I actually broke a prop on the
inspire one when I was trying to do a
bit of a site survey earlier to see if I
could get the broadband from the office
to this house so I didn't actually get
to see anything that took off and the
wind just took it straight into a wall I
thought it was in GPS mode but clearly
it wasn't and it just drifted and I
heard a massive then you get the point
I have literally just been doing client
work for the last three hours designing
leaflets business cards comedy show you
guys what's on them but that's what I've
been doing for the last of three hours
now this had a call from my dad and he
wants me to go pick him up apparently
he's been in town and he's drinking with
some friends and he wants me to go and
pick him up and take him home so I'm
gonna go and do that now God you know I
would show you but quite frankly I don't
really want to so I'm not going to you
guys don't want to see my dad drunk
anyway that'd be a bit silly wouldn't it
I'm going to turn this light off because
I think you guys can see me anyway there
we
the stars are absolutely wicked tonight
I think when I get back I'm gonna get
the a7s out Lea 7s mark two and do a
time-lapse of the stars and leave it
outside all night and do a time-lapse
because they are absolutely awesome but
I just wanna like thank you guys for
everything I do this I do this like
every other week but like doing videos
it's tough when YouTube I actually I
look doing it right and the fact that
you guys can meet me outside my office
nobody asked you to I thought like me
I'm assuming if it happened all the time
it would end up like annoying me like
that's the harsh reality of it but like
seeing the odd person round town there's
no oh my god it's the holidays I'm like
that's like really cool guys and I
absolutely love that and I just liked it
thank you guys for the opportunity
because I am like forever grateful I
will never ever take this for granted
I'm not I could the youtubers they're
just like just I'm really grateful for
everything and I really appreciate it
so thank you very much guys I know all
of you are alright and you're doing a
riot and I'm gonna end today's vlog here
that is very drunk so I'll see you guys
in tomorrow's video which is Sunday so
it's probably going to be boring
but hopefully you're watching anyway any
else my train leaves in literally two
minutes and I do not have a ticket as
soon as somebody says actually and then
ever what would be an example of
something said that they've done okay so
so he says so they say the companies
have said to him Humberto Senor guy is
here sister
irelia you're arrested and the guy
delightedly Lele the person who's been
arrested says afternoon but don't tell
them you can't do that
yeah so yeah so said God think of you if
you do it in your car get out but you've
gotta go with it you go go with a little
be able to think
