this coffee is gonna be my save you
today my train leaves is literally two
minutes and I do not have a ticket
cheers thank you very much he runs I
don't know I used to get the trade to
school and that train conductor he still
recognizes me and I've got my glasses on
I've changed so much to the secondary
school and you just said morning I like
how you doing like he used to every
single morning say the same thought
taking me back part of the transform and
it's lace Oh got loads of time
business stuff I'm actually gonna
voiceover this bit because you can't
actually hear what I was saying because
it was so loud but pretty much I'm
saying is I've got one meeting to go to
first and then I'm gonna go to a really
cool YouTube event at the Google space
right I'm at Hyde Park Corner I think
I'm in the right place I still don't
know what the hell is this is just as
the sticks coming out the ground where
am i I'm so confused
John hear something funny earlier this
morning Astor Astor submitted a
copyright claim on one of my videos
because I was filming in the store what
oh my god apparently it's this place
holy
oh my god hey Dana just wish nobody can
don't shoot
I'm a little tunnel but every summer get
no wind I'm gonna work out the camera
then you guys can actually hear me we're
cool down our way it's like the YouTube
HQ right now let's talk about ideas and
Ryan's gonna share some of his ideas a
little bit I've never been to one of
these YouTube things before like never
been inside I've never been inside one
so I think I think this is it this is it
right here Oh either you think is this
place Oh God been given this YouTube
pass thing and I think we have to go
through these games right yeah right so
I'm now at Google headquarters in the
YouTube room and I'm worried in my video
and I rendered it out sanu the big good
internet it's obviously YouTube rented
it out it was six gig in size and has
taken four minutes to upload let me show
you it's literally got two minutes
remaining
what we're doing is like the eg workshop
bouncing back and forth on YouTube
and probably these wolves we can draw
room so inside Google right now a log a
locked office cam it's freaking human
that it is like ghoulish them camera and
even so-called Ruffalo offers but door
every rubbings we're gonna let you fold
the paper behind your back and I'm
looking within one minute YouTube event
is all finished now my camera is got the
light the lion thing through the little
- that's hopefully I've got charger at
least I'm gonna get it charged up but
we're gonna be heading to fire on
burgers right now to get some food to
have me anything all day all I've had is
a banana which isn't good okay
apparently we're not going there because
it's a massive queue so where we go Jack
and I'm getting on the train
spin it's been a good day see you guys
say look I'll get there okay the local
touch voters check outside a z-wave
transform now here comes the part where
we have to pay for the parking I'm gonna
guess it's gonna be about eight pound
fifty oh I swear on my life that was a
full on guess what the hell
brah so guys I have just got back to my
home to my humble abode
and it's all nice and warm and cozy and
just before I left this morning a load
of pot will not load a pastor came to
parcels came and I'm not sure what they
are because like I think is when parcels
arrived I can't tell whether it's just
me or during a load of crap because
that's what I do or its company's
sending me cool stuff for us to unbox on
the flock and then if you guys like have
met you obviously notices but like every
other day were bloody unboxing something
on this vlog and that's because I find
it really interesting to unbox stuff and
see what's in boxes so I physically go
out and ask companies I'm like yo do you
want to send me something for me to
unbox them I've longed because I know
that you guys really enjoy it so if
there's anything you want to see me a
box maybe we should do like her own box
series or something like I said one in
the blog like an actual segment in the
vlog where we words call that unboxed or
something and we couldn't miss if you
guys want to see anything like anything
really cool in a box you would see you
always have a go with something I don't
know I'm gonna put this right out there
maybe if it's like an alarm clock that
has like a you know I've seen them
before but there are little fans and
then when your alarm goes off it goes up
in yeah it's something stupid like
something absolute stupid or something
really cool like I said speakers or
something if you guys want to see me
like have a go with it and unbox it in
the vlog then let me know and I will and
we'll call like I would have like a
little serious thing every week called
unboxed and will unbox all of our
parcels and empty I think that's a
really cool idea give any what is this
what is this
oh my god what the hell okay more on
this t-shirt in a moment you guys
probably work from the standard but
let's unbox this little box and then
I'll talk to you about this Villa
this is something I've ordered but as I
say I have absolutely no clue so we'll
find out together what this is Oh a
something I've worn it and this is quite
cool actually right this is quite cool
right you guys have caught on down to
the facts by now but I keep breaking
everything and this it's not good it's
not good that I break everything so what
I've done is to protect my vlog camera
which is what I've got why I'm using
right now I bought this leather case for
it which is a massive hard leather case
and then I'm going to put it on my blog
camera just so I don't break it because
the thing is if this blog camera breaks
that will not be good but pretty much
this vest right here it says I've said
good day sir and pretty much this a
quote off a TV show they absolutely love
called the Mighty Boosh and if you guys
have never seen the Mighty Boosh before
I recommend you go watch it because it
is insane it's like a really weird humor
but it's all I love it's like my
favorite show in the world the Mighty
Boosh look it up but yeah an acid
t-shirt from the quad I think my mom's I
think my mom's just send me that because
mum loves The Mighty Boosh as well and
she she would do so that she would send
me a shirt like that out of the blue
camera and call the day's vlog to an end
hope you guys have enjoyed my Lisbon as
you guys have as always been awesome and
if you still here I like rating will be
really cool and also a comment saying hi
and I'll see you in my next vlog Annie
else how strange is this right you guys
watching this you've watched it this is
yesterday's vlog but I'm editing it
right now today
in today's vlog which you guys have
already see is that weird so as you can
see in this clip
