all right guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex and welcome
back to another video today we've got a
jam-packed full day today it is
currently quarter to 12:00 midday
I've had some summit tweet I've had some
breakfast about a coffee and I think I'm
ready to go we've got a really well I've
got a cool day plan today and I'm just
feeling really really really really good
today I just feel really good and I hope
all of you guys are too we've got a
really cool PC to check out and I've
also got a film a video for tech flow
Jed isn't here this week so I'm filled
me by myself and I'm gonna pick you guys
a little bit in depth on how I do all of
that as well so it's gonna be a long
video today but I hope you guys are
looking forward to it as much as I am
making it so I know you guys really
liked this song that I've been using in
my videos recently and I'm gonna drop a
link to it in the description but to
start off this vlog we're going to use
it and do some slow motion let's go
so guys we've got the asus rog gr8 camp
utor that's pretty much the size or
smaller than a games console and you
might have put it in your living room
and play games on it I really want to
set it up here in the office and have it
hooked up to this here TV now it's got a
dedicated steam button and stuff on it
so you just install your Steam library
and you can play your Steam games which
is absolutely awesome so rock on PC
master-race
but I need to get a tech flow video done
soon so it might not be able to get this
- this will run up to look at this today
I'm not sure but I need to get this tech
fair video
right sir today on tech flow behind the
scenes I'm gonna joking I want to show
you guys what I'm going to be playing
with and reviewing today so on tech flow
I'm going to do a review of the Edifier
and clips these speakers are like really
really cool just in the way they look
and I've heard them a little bit I'm
gonna do some intense listening with
them today and also capture some b-roll
for a tech flow video and I'm really
excited to this tech phone video because
I'm going to be testing out the products
that Manfrotto have sent me including
these two things down here is a 100-inch
slider and a ball head and this massive
tripod that sent me so I'm going to get
all of the b-roll with this man throught
a year on the tech flow foot bullet
everybody I'm pretty much there's gonna
be quite fun also fun little facts this
is going to be the first ever tech flow
video where the b-roll is going to be
shot in the office which is really
really really cool hey laughs hey
oh my god
this is the Manfrotto overload this is
the tripod with the head on it which has
got everything tightened down because
I'm pretty much doing everything on the
slider right now and as you can see the
slider has these wheels that you just
push along here which is absolutely
insane and they have that you have the
head so you can do shots like that way
you actually move the head and the
slider at the same time it's absolutely
wicked man oh man so happy when I rode
the ladder was I literally spent the
last hour and a half messing about with
this Manfrotto gear getting shots of the
Edifier lunar eclipse speakers and I
think think I've got some good shots I'm
hoping out I'm going to go back home now
tidy up this mess up got so much mess to
tidy up first then I'm going to go back
and record the main part of this of this
review where I'm speaking obviously and
I really just finished up here for the
last 20 minutes listening to them
building them a picture my head of what
I want to talk about with these speakers
and they're a strange pair of speakers
they really are but they're insane I
don't think I'm gonna get a chance to
test out the Asus gaming small gaming PC
today so it might have to do that I'm in
London tomorrow so it might have to do
that on Saturday or Sunday so it's
something to look forward to but let's
carry on I need to tell you at this room
there we go all clean in here and I'm
going to do something which saw the
comment section over another video I
totally forgot last time I left and you
guys to go and absolutely mental to turn
off the LEDs behind the Telex so submit
your car I'm going to do it this time
and you can watch me do it
you said you guys OCD doesn't go that
much I've got mental OCD myself but LEDs
don't bother me because they're so they
hardly would have any powers of I didn't
think any power to run at all and they
don't even get hot like they didn't get
hot a mini good that could be a hatch
but it's like it's like very unlikely
but I've turned them all off now guys as
you can see under like everything's off
even yeah you guys can't complain about
something doing leaving something on
this time run look we're ready for
rolling one-man band in three two one
hello and welcome to the show my name is
Alex and this is tech flow there we go
all recorded I can turn all of the
lights off now get all these lights
turned off pour this equipment away and
pretty much this hard drive goes into my
computer now and what we do with this is
yeah well it has all the clips on it so
I'm just gonna gonna plug this into my
computer and then begin to edit this
thing been a long-ass time since I've
edited a tape player video and it's
actually kind of worrying me man we can
do this we've got this we're exporting
brilliant stuff have you guys heard of
this thing this thing right here look is
called tied up right and pretty much
what it is is yeah my name is Alex Bing
Maps I don't know that's about pretty
much what it pretty much what it is is
it claims to pretty much just be Spotify
it's a music streaming app but it does
it in what's called HiFi sound and it
streams it like a thousand kilobits a
second or something ridiculous like that
right so the microphone is right next to
my speaker right I'm gonna play you five
seconds of the same song one from
Spotify and one from tidal right and I
want you guys to tell me I'm gonna put
them both on the same
now see you can't see I want you to tell
me which one I'm playing first write in
the comment section down below tell me
which one was first and which one were
second to see if we can just display see
if we can justify the extra ten pounds
that title costs for the better quality
I can't even hear it okay so okay number
one which one is which which one did I
play first and which one did I play
second title or Spotify you choose so
you are pretty much propping up this
camera on my radiator right now this
thing that I've invented my blog my blog
in baton the Altos my yesterday's vlog I
swear it's genius
anyway let's see what we've got actually
in the box of this math thing in here
it's literally the same size I think
that vase smaller than any games console
about smaller than a ps4 and that
smaller than an Xbox one that's closer
to the size of a Nintendo Wii we're
talking right now this is amazing
boys no didn't have time to set it up in
the office today because the Latian
recorded toeffler video then I had to
leave the office to beat the rush hour
traffic to get home and editing it's
still Cory's rendering right now it's
taking ages for some reason the one
thing I can't wait to do with this and I
honestly can't wait to do it
is it still Minecraft on it and see if
it runs minecraft because if it runs
minecraft then I'm just gonna be
absolutely
I'm joking by the way this is a joke
this is a joke hi guys my is going to be
it for today's vlog I really do have
enjoyed I need to get
early night tonight shortly 10:00 p.m.
so I'm gonna got my bath then get
straight to bed because of I'll be up
early in the morning to get into London
and of course I'm bringing you guys with
me so I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog yes
