hey guys good morning how you doing my
name is of course Alex and I'm really
really really giving this all of my
energy right now I woke up this morning
wait a minute there's no light in here
why is this boys everything pink what
the hell's going on there we go I've
been doing so much work recently guys
staying up late editing client videos
putting these vlogs together every day
for you guys and I woke up this morning
feeling really really really really ill
nobody sent you guys if you'll be able
to see this but on my eye right there
can you see it's like slightly read me
Alex Brooks Mars bar whatever you want
to call me for some really annoying
reason whenever I get run down or tired
or I'm working too hard I get these
horrible things on my eye yeah it's very
very annoying hello I'm just starting my
vlog oh now someone's at the front door
all I want to do is vlog this awesome
idea for a vlog today and it's something
I've always wanted to do it's something
silly it's something stupid but it's
also something Ricky honestly I love
when people want to talk to me but when
is constant it gets really really
annoying all right let me show you what
I want to do today
so you guys know that I fly as a drone
the DJI inspire 1 but also have the
smallest drone this DJI do this being
the biggest the smallest being the DJI
spark now what I want to do is take off
the inspire 1 and get the inspire 1 a
hundred metres in the air and once the
inspire I want you reach it in the air
then take the little spark this is gonna
be so dangerous
I'm just so gonna break it's time for
the moment you've been waiting for
this is absolutely mental right who I am
is slowly slowly but surely running out
of time here because of the Android
phones as you can see I need two phones
for this one for the spark and one for
the inspire so I can control both the
drones the iPhone works in both and put
the iPhone in the inspire control it
works
opening the spark control it works the
Android phone just doesn't work and
either it just as its disconnecting when
it clearly clearly isn't this might just
be a no-go if I can't get this Android
phone to work right about half an hour
later I've managed to get them both
working it just started working out of
nowhere I had no idea what the problem
was I've got the iPhone on the spark and
I've got the Google pixel two on the
inspire and this is the contraption the
drone is actually being held in with
elastic bands so it is suspended there
and it is kind of safe I hope but let's
see if we can do this oh my god
well then guys are we ready I've got a
GoPro on the front of the drone I've got
the DJI spark recording and then the
inspire recording I know this is a
stupid idea please don't put it in the
comments and that's the full-on reason
why you're sat there behind a computer
screen watching this on YouTube you're
watching it on YouTube because this is a
stupid idea and you don't want to do it
yourself I know it's stupid I know I
could potentially lose thousands of
pounds worth of gear but I'm willing to
do this for science right okay what I'm
trying to do here is take off this DJI
spark from the inspire items is gonna
work guys I could see thousands of
pounds just crumble before my eyes but
let's do this oh god okay
mission complete is when the inspire is
still in the air and the spark is back
on the ground let's take off
we
that was cool it worked I knew it I knew
it would guys where'd your high five
that's one small step for man you've
created a launch pad on mine spire one
for the DJI spark out of sharpies white
board pens and electrical tape works man
let's say we're doing this tomorrow we
are doing this tomorrow
I love drones right then guys there was
one thing but I didn't do this Sunday
that I need to do today and no that
wasn't taking off a drone from another
drone it was Sunday's Q & A but before I
do that I need to have a quick gym sesh
first question if you were not a
youtuber what would you do and why would
you prefer to work what would you think
you would be when you were younger I've
always said to you guys that I don't
like to class myself as a youtuber I
don't want this thing to become a job I
don't have to rely on this thing for
income because that then makes this very
very very stressful upon the stress that
you already have from my insane upload
schedules however I do do work alongside
this job and if I didn't do YouTube I
would still be just be doing exactly
what I do right now which is promotional
videos and networking and selling
Internet and being my own ISP and all of
those different things the only thing
that would change is I would probably
actually go out and film a lot more of
the promotional videos instead of paying
people to go out and film them for me
that is the only thing that was
different and when I was younger I
wanted to be an electrician where do you
get inspiration from to work hard and
keep fit in the gym PS your videos are
inspirational to me well thank you dude
and keeping fit in the gym is pretty
much just down to my girlfriend having a
girl in my life to try and keep
impressed it's very very difficult as
stupid as that sounds I don't have a lot
of time to do exercise and it's very
easy for me in my busy schedule just to
drive to McDonald's any easy food and
have a sandwich and eat loads of bread
and that is what I do because it's easy
and I don't have time to sit there and
make extravagant meals so to counteract
that I gym a lot I don't really gym
to look really hench and really buff
hence why I don't really I Jim to keep
the weight down I'm sure even if I
wasn't slim my girlfriend will probably
be absolutely fine with that but these
are just things that I lay up on myself
and what I expect tracking back to that
first question is it hard to keep up
with your video schedule this tweet has
27 likes so obviously a lot of people
want to know this and yes it is
extremely difficult and yes it
absolutely sometimes drives me to
absolute frustration because I am one of
those people right there even if it is
going to cut me open I will get the job
done so I tell you guys that I am going
to do a video every single day it's a
daily vlog and that is what I run right
and I am I'm really proud of the daily
streak like I haven't not done a video
in absolutely months and Behrman guys
these aren't just cut vlogs on an iPhone
that are really stupid and simple to
make these are high-end production films
that I spend a lot of time making and
editing every single day this isn't just
me working on my iphone every five
minutes of the day and saying hey guys
I'm in Causton now having a drink
I'm cinematic I'm music it's all go on
these vlogs as you guys know so yes it
is very very very very stressful
weirdest experience with a girl well
something really weird happened last
week so I will set up my desk right here
and a girl from a secondary school a
girl I went to secondary school with and
I also went to secondary school with my
girlfriend at the moment but we didn't
speak or really get on I was sat at my
desk last week and I look down at my
phone and I said to my phone FaceTime
and then my girlfriend's name so my
phone would FaceTime my girlfriend
because I wanted to speak to her and I
didn't look at my phone and I hate the
FaceTime I was gonna when I came I've
only space time in my girlfriend then I
hear this random girl's voice say hello
Alex and I'm like so I look down at the
phone and the phone has actually
misheard me
and it's FaceTime this random girl from
school
and it's a bit awkward because I have to
sort of explain that I was actually
meant to FaceTime my girlfriend and it
was an accident and then we ended the
call and then two minutes later that
same girl text me and was like hey
tomorrow night do you want to go out
into town huh so I them applied with
that's a bit weird that's very weird no
no and then the next morning she texts
back and says sorry about last night my
friends have my phone no they didn't you
had no friends with you when I saw you
on FaceTime
you're a liar oh and guys the merch
store is going to be live in the next
two days it'll be notified as soon as it
goes live click the link in the
description I'll have it there nice and
prominent it'll open a web page enter
your email in there and you'll get an
email as soon as the store goes live and
yes guys stock will arrive before
Christmas we have a very very fast
distribution center but with that being
said guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog here hope you guys have
enjoyed yourselves if you have our like
rating and a comment down below letting
me know would be awesome if you didn't
like it let me know 100 dislike that
would be also cool knows I'm always
wanting to improve unless you show girls
you've missed yesterday's vlog you can
watch that there and if you not
subscribe guys is right here and I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's daily vlog
you ready for it
adios
