how strange is this right you guys
watching this you've watched it this is
yesterday's vlog but I'm editing it
right now today in today's vlog which
you guys have already is that weird
so as you can see in this clip right
here my camera battery died last night I
was somewhere around to someone's house
and then I tried to record a little
segment this morning leaving their house
and obviously have no battery in it
that's why cough and now I'm here so yes
I have just got back home and I hope all
of you guys are alright and thank you
very much for tuning back into another
daily vlog I want my stick so I can hold
my camera around further this doesn't
feel right there we go let me show you
guys my actual vlogging rig let me try
and show you it in a little bit more
detail because it's a lot different to
anyone elses and I think it's probably
the best not to my own horn but this is
pretty cool so what I've pretty much got
going on here is a Sony hey guys Sony
rx100 mark 4 with a flip up screen so I
can see myself as I'm recording make
sure everything's and focus and riddance
alright and then the far end is got a
custom skin on it just so it stops
getting scratches and it looks like
really cool oh it's the camera shop give
the day to pick up my a 7s mark 2 and
the guy was like that skin is so cool to
be camera happy than that I just did it
myself is really cool this is the little
stick values and I used to use like a
tiny little gorilla pod so I cut my hole
holes and pulled it out like that but
this is so much more practical because
number one is stronger than the gorilla
pod and number two it has suction cup on
it so I can literally stuck shook up the
camera to this mirror suction cup the
camera to anything that will accept the
suction cup like in my car for the car
vlogging rig and different bits and bobs
like that my camera's later used to
combat mirror all right now I'm just
stuck there
and that's how I get the really crazy
cool shot so I'm not high up and looking
up with you guys I just think you're
high up on the window and it's really
really really cool and I'm really happy
they're sort of thought of this myself
cuz originality and things like that so
there's a parcel there I don't know what
it is I don't know what order from ups I
don't know what
is I need to open that up so we'll do
that in this vlog but I need me some
food and he only need me some a I
literally have about a hundred four
cheese raviolis
possibly 100 for cheese raviolis just
frozen in the fridge so never I'll
bother to take it out let it defrost
back it in there bing-bam-boom big back
bit boom there we go and now we wait
three minutes in three minutes time we
will have an absolutely gorgeous meal to
enjoy and then we can open the parcel
now I don't know what it is let you just
stick this camera anyway it's just stuck
on the work that stop work stop just had
it stuck on the worktop and now it's
stuck on the thing that takes the fumes
away this thing I just had it stood
there so I think we need to start off a
new blogging trend instead of using
trippy gorilla pods go out buy a suction
cup put a tripod mount on it
and you're good to freakin go the
aleutian Malthus thing anywhere is so
cool one thing I really want to try it
is mounting it on the outside of my car
but I do think that he's pushing it a
little just arrived at my grandma's in
my mum's super windy it's super cold and
I felt really like halfway this day
so I little sleep okay alright so guys
you all know I want to build my desk for
the the office when I build it myself
but look at this bit works it's really
nice it's not that one tear anything but
it's a very nice piece with this one
you've got your and Ayla I know it's why
I just want to show them it's very very
nice isn't it yeah this is the only bit
more fun that's got you see but it is
really nice this is what I want to build
my desk of
I love pranking my mum she's so easy to
just like shucks right I want to get
back at over that parcel still haven't
gotten miles button get in the car I'm
gonna go back we're gonna open that
parcel whatever it is
what's all the shot is that why have I
done this wait I said my shirts blowing
it's so cool actually as well it's ok
look at it it glows Chloe's in the dark
I've got it I've got it
I don't know it's in here my stuff was
in here
what could it be what is inside of this
I have no idea right okay got a
screwdriver it's my only means of
opening this box so lets us rip down the
side and get in here I don't know why is
in here at all what the hell is this
what the hell is this what is this Oh
freak okay this is pretty much a
computer right this is a computer but
look at the box the box is about as big
as me when I'm small so I'm saying this
is a computer but it's a really small
computer but it's really powerful as
well I hope it's powerful anyway until I
551 drew it's got one term i HDD it's
got AC Wi-Fi
it's got an ro G red ddr3 four G times
two graphics card
I can't wait to set this thing up oh my
god
welcome to the Republic of gamers the
home of Champions
a Seuss calm nah man that is that is
cool
that is really cool I've just put on
snapchat right it's really late right
now so I'm not gonna get it out and set
it up right now but why I'm gonna do is
go to the office tomorrow and set it up
with one of the with one of the ultra
wide curve monitors that we've got from
LG and set it but obviously because this
this is meant to be for playing games
and I've got quite a big stream library
of games so and the Internet's good at
the office obviously so what we can then
do is play a load of games on it and
just just see what it's like and just
set you up in the office download it and
you see why it's like we can also plug
it into the telly as well which would be
absolutely awesome
skipping skills my friends mad when
you're in the gym I find anyway it's all
about the playlist you want to follow me
on Spotify I'll put a link in the
description forgot a gym playlist which
will I listen to and had songs too and
that's what I listen to when I'm in here
I also would love for these rights of
Haggai shows to get back on sale but I
don't know if you guys would like the
right so hey guys
best thing then let me have a comment
flickering Logan's on the screen right
now is because I'm in the bathroom in
the LEDs are on it makes the camera
fluid test but that's gonna be full
today's blog tomorrow's law is gonna be
really interesting so a lot of stuff to
do tomorrow including testing out a
pretty cool Republic of gamers DC so I'm
back right now and just chill out
if it's tomorrow the whole of stuff
today so I hope I'm going to see that
for now - noise you guys hug be awesome
and I'll see you in tomorrow's with you
adios Wow I keep hitting my head on
these lights a bit flickering Alone's
isn't it on the screen because of the
LEDs I apologize
