oh I'll keep it in my head on these
lights
good morning guys how are we all my name
is of course Alex and I hope all of you
are feeling alright and you're all
generally okay I'm hoping everyone's
fine if you don't feel free to tweet me
as usual I am currently on my way to the
local hardware store to pick up a small
pot of brown paint oh yeah can I get a
plain double cheeseburger please with
medium fries and a strawberry milkshake
yes that's it Jose thank you
brilliant thank you I am starving oh my
god is absolutely gorgeous for sure for
that I don't have to show you oh look at
it oh so cool
I want one of those so bad i-isn't turbo
s as well you have to be rich to have
one of those but also you're not rich
until you have something money can't buy
interesting my brains on one today
retrieved my package now I go into the
home base to pick up some a small tin
God Marisa smarten of brown paint
my Gorilla Tape and my paints now I can
tell you guys what I'm using this paint
for right so I'm at the office now you
guys ready to find out I know you are
Alex what is the brown paint for this
pen start here in German McDonald's on
my on my chair watching the Allen show
absolutely love The Ellen Show but yeah
pretty much what I have to do is these
LEDs appear I've gotta run a cable along
this beam down to this power strip down
here but obviously the cable that I've
got is white I've brought it with me
yeah it's just speaker cable which I'm
going to attach to the power cable to
extend it obviously is why I don't put
white cable across the yard rather have
it brown so at least it you know it
tends to match the color of this so
hopefully I belong here it's gonna work
out
look how cool it is with the LEDs on so
what absolute you managed to do in those
two time lapses if you didn't understand
its look now you can hardly see that
little box there let me turn the main
lights on a second
I'm just wax out a little game of why is
it black ops the issue is with this TV I
absolutely love it pictures great curves
great 4k is great but it has a
noticeable input lag and I put it on
game mode in everything but a lot of
people are joining my game that's
awesome but it just glides it's like
it's like about 4 or 5 milliseconds and
I'm used to playing on a monitor and
it's really hard I'm really hard to play
on that TV I don't know just because I'm
used to a like I'm playing on like a 1
millisecond response time monitor other
than a TV but if all TVs are like that
but it's hard to play on but yeah as you
can see this is what the brown paint was
for I've painted the box for the LEDs
brown so it's like not as noticeably
more obvious it was full-on white before
and I've put the cable down the side as
you can see it is also brown really hard
to see you can just see it here coming
down here then it pretty much just goes
there and across the top of that and
then here I don't need to put this tack
this up again and it just goes to the
plug socket down there but it's why I
didn't I what I just wanted to make it
so that he caught a slight really
difficult to see the box up there for
the LEDs which is absolutely awesome so
I've done a little bit of a little bit
of work on the office and not put it in
the ultimate office series but I suppose
you guys on the blog channel deserve
like a little bit of a sneak preview or
a little bit behind the scenes so there
you go I need to go home now and sort
some stuff out look at the secret room
we need to close the door because it's
cold up there and it's wasting all of my
heat there we go okay
oh I'll keep it in my head on these
lights turn off the telly
turn it off the custom Xbox but don't it
yep cool
got the keys still the lights lock up my
office door cool you've got a berth up
on Jacob love why I bought for you today
take that look what does that say on it
what's it what's it for yes cuz that's
meant to go on there isn't it
so I'll let's brought you this so you
could stick it back on yeah I've tried
to duct tape and I've tried to glue it
haven't I
and they've not worked out they so
hopefully this should work is it that
strong that you can't pull it
John we just try and do it next or just
think about Jake it was Alex sorted you
out out of out 10 who's the best that
doesn't make any sense on a scale of one
to ten how awesome is Alex for doing
that what do we knew a scale of 1 to 10
yeah that's it 10 being the worst or the
best yes the weather is absolutely
atrocious outside is currently quarter
past 10:00 at night and before my
battery dies I'm missing on this little
camera I'm gonna let you guys know that
I'm just somewhere around summer is
again so I will see you guys don't see
me I'll see you guys in tomorrow's vlog
and let's hope I don't die in this hobo
weather my camera battery's gonna die
now no now no it's got there it's got
the cross through now no
why just down my coffee
