Oh guys guys I'm gonna last through the
post that says I can get fibre into that
this house now which means with your
live stream I'm gonna ring these guys up
and get them to come in store and right
this second
yeah my name's Alex Brooks that's fine
yes mate you don't send me a postcard a
frickin postcard telling me I can get
something and then then I have to find
out and it gets shut down because I
can't get it that's just really
disappointing now I've got to go and
attend a meeting
Oh a the third of three lg1 is right for
the office brilliant
forget paying five thousand pounds with
international business class flights
this is probably the trouble
my cat is just blind you just can't see
anything he just walks into everything
look he doesn't even know where the door
is he's like what the dogs they mate
they are finished my meeting was a
success they also gave me a black coffee
while I was there drunk that about 20
minutes ago so in about 10 minutes time
I'm gonna be off every time I just look
at this camera it just kills me dead a
little bit inside look if I plug a
monitor into it it still works like it's
works absolutely fine you just can't see
what you're doing but it does work I
mean look at that it just looks so
ridiculous and stupid so it's about ten
minutes later now coffee is kicking in
and I want to take this brainpower to
explaining something to you guys until
you guys something that's been going
through my mind recently let's do that
so is listening to a song the other day
and it's a song but I harp on about a
lot because they absolutely loved it and
it's a song called all night long by MGK
or machine-gun car they are pulling to
it in the description and one of the
lyrics in the song it says success got
everybody hating success to me is
inspiration
and it's so true it's so true
like when I see someone doing really
well I'm holy I want to be like
that I want to do that I wouldn't be
awesome like they are I don't go like
hating on people what like well people
do do it if I see someone doing well I
instantly think wow check him out he
must feel so good because he's doing so
well I want to feel bad good I want to
do well and it goes towards my drive to
try and do well at what I'm trying to do
I don't what ever ever hate on someone
just because they're doing well but
people do do it I see in the comment
section of so many YouTube videos it's
believable preach preach that take it
and use the information and become a
better you going on a little bit of a
motivational speech right now just all
this stuff's going through my head and I
just don't understand some people in
this world like some people are just so
negative and so down all the time and I
just literally don't understand why I'm
sure every single one of you watching
this video camera lay and I know you can
relate because you're watching a youtube
video and YouTube videos or YouTube in
general is full of negativity it's full
of people in the comment section saying
stupid negative things when they see
someone else doing something well or if
someone doesn't have something and
they're just gonna hate on you in the in
the comment
section it's just a thing that happens
on YouTube and it's what we've all gotta
accept but it's stupid just hear me out
right and listen and listen to this you
have your life alright and as I've
explained before in numerous of the
videos I view life as a timeline it's
got a start a middle and an end to it
and the timelines always moving and it's
never going to stop it moves to time and
time doesn't stop
why use some of your time right your
time isn't unlimited it's limited you
only have a limited amount of time on
this world it could end tomorrow it
could end in 60 years it could end
whenever Y spends even an ounce of your
time hating on someone else saying
something mean to someone else being a
nasty person why would someone spend
their valuable own time on earth which
isn't unlimited its limited time why
would you spend that time hating and
being negative towards someone else when
you could be using that time to make
yourself a better person that's all I'm
trying to say I'd love to hear what you
guys think about why I say or why I've
said in the comment section down below
and honestly any opinion I value - its
100% authenticity because I in these
vlogs I like to tell you guys what's
going through in my brain and obviously
not everyone is going to agree with
bozos on in my brain and I just expect
you to but all I expect you to is to
just hear me out in what I do say and I
will need you out and what you say in
the comment section down bellow but yeah
I'd love to hear what you guys think
about why I've said in the comment
section down below
so we can all have a chat I'll reply to
you guys when I'm a little bit of a
comment section reply thing I'm gonna
have a little bit of a chat in the
comment section down below but anyway I
hope all of you guys are doing alright
nevertheless today is just
at Monday and Monday is a Monday and
Monday is my day to get my boring work
done but I've actually got to do today
I've got to edit its are one of the
building the ultimate office series for
the main channel so I'm gonna get that
into today so that should be really fun
and I've always wanted to do this I've
always wanted to time-lapse me doing a
full edit and this is the long it is so
what I'm going to do is set this camera
up time lapse it me editing a video and
then yeah if you're always watch the
time-lapse it's I'm going to do it now
it's pretty much much mansae first off
though I need some food and in the time
that I'm walking down these stairs and
into the kitchens and go into the fridge
to get some food
I wanting to put a comment in the
comment section right now as to what you
think I'm gonna eat really sounds going
I'm still going I'm still going to have
to comment do it now
I'm open the fridge so Amanda three if
you guessed it write your comment today
I'm gonna fill right right right are you
ready you ready I put in my hand put it
my hand got in my hand really
I swear to God premier trying to pause
it premier is the worst and most laggy
most unreliable editing suite you can
ever use it's currently really dark I've
been here for about I don't know maybe
two hours editing this thing I've
finished it now I'm just going through
and doing all the sound I have finally
just clicked render rendering at home 4k
it's about 13 minutes long and as you
can see 31 minutes left to render now we
play the waiting game
why is my eye like so oh it's the
reflection in the light oh my god I've
just been to the gym and I'm gonna get a
shower but this was the limit today
the third monitor so I'm just itching to
see what the I know it's not probable 4k
but I just want to see what the quality
is like so I'm gonna have a shower and
then we're gonna test this thing out 3 2
1 what happens the typical drive by the
road police they leave on this curb
monitor and see Commission's go bad
oh good look at the quality of the
curved monitor an express oblique knife
please has arrived as usual with Davies
