oh honey my just down my coffee
good afternoon guys how are we all doing
my name is Alex and welcome back to
another video
I've got back and I've just had a good
old read of what we did yesterday on the
productivity board which is really cool
and really inspirational to myself
because I can come up I wake up every
morning and I can just read that and I'm
literally set for the day which is
really cool
feel free to take a screenshot of that
if you want and post it on Facebook
social media or whatever you want to do
but it remember to tag me so I know that
you've done it
nice Boreas dog dogs video in this
morning in slow motion and that slow
motion was on the Sony rx100 I'm joking
this is this camera the slow motion was
on this my new a7 s mark - now the slow
motion on the a7 s mark - isn't as good
as it is on this little camera but the
quality's bear but it's not as like slow
if that makes sense
I'm just currently recording a
time-lapse of the Sun I'm gonna leave it
recording as long as I can until
hopefully it gets to nighttime and then
all the styles will come out and
hopefully it should look really really
nice I always do that want to get like a
new toy or something to play with
I absolutely hammer it for like the
first few months and then I'm just like
met as but suppose that happens to
everyone though doesn't it
so I'm project I want to do today but
first I've got to tide in this room
I think we're good to go
so all of you guys know by now that I
spell a tiny drop water on my map of Pro
2013 top of the range model and it's
broke
I then fixed it in my blog which is
absolutely great but in its place whilst
it was out of order and not working I
bought this and this is my new laptop
and I take it everywhere with me and it
does the job fine
I edit all of my vlogs on Final Cut
because it's really quick really easy
I'm really fun editing software I
usually edit videos on Premiere Pro but
for the vlogs I use Final Cut because it
just is really fun to use so when I'm
out the house I can edit on my tiny
little map book this one but when I edit
them at home why not make a permanent
vlogging editing rig that has a 21 by 9
ultrawide monitor powering it building
this thing is my plan for today's vlog
and I'm really not sure where I'm going
to put this editing setup
I would love to try and somehow use this
sofa but there's no desk anywhere near
it and it's just not gonna work I can't
put it over there because that's where
I'll sleep and it's just gonna get in
the way I can't put it over here because
I'm too proud of this space and I don't
want to clutter it any more I can't put
it in any one of these two rooms because
if I do there's no natural light in here
and you know what I'll end up getting
like really bored the only other place I
can put it is there
the key with this is I want it to be an
always-on
system so that means the Mac that's
going to be powering this machine or
this monitor or the cell brother needs
needs constant power a so everything is
plugged into this Mac and what I think I
can do now is just close the lid down
close down my bed oh my god look at the
vlogging rig setup thing how wide that
screen is let me open up a bloody file
thing and I'll see how big my time line
is now this is gonna be really weird
because you guys have already seen this
but look how big my time line is you
guys have probably already seen this at
the start of the vlog
ah-oogah
unless you spent the last hour replying
to YouTube comments there we go the
editing rig is all set up so now I can
edit my blogs on that screen and
hopefully go into a little bit more
detail in the vlogs and the audio and
just make them a little bit better let
me read you this someone sent me on
Twitter hey mate I thought I'd send you
this you're a huge inspiration to me and
you've helped me through my exams and
family situations words cannot describe
how much you've cheered me up my GCSEs
we're pretty daunting but you've got me
through it me and I just want to say
thanks I just wanted to say thanks and
when I get enough I want to give back to
you for helping me
all of you guys have been asking me what
actually happened to the a 7s mark 1
Alex how did it break and yes I will
also to answer a few more questions we
doing a review on the a7 s mark 2 very
shortly and it does have a custom carbon
wrap on it from slick wraps as I saw you
guys soared me put it on in another
video yeah these lights are good pretty
much as far as I can remember right this
is what went down
so Jed and I were at the office
recording episode 1 are building the
ultimate office episode 1 and that was
all cool everything was fine recorded it
on this and everything was fine
we came to leave about half past two in
the morning and and I was carrying like
a muffin goes carry like a massive box
and my k7s was on top of that box so as
a kind gesture dead JTED Jed took the
camera off of the box of the top of the
box that was carrying just so it didn't
fall off and smash and switch to be
honest if he'd had probably left it on
there we probably would have been
alright but as I said yes Jed took the
camera off the top with his massive box
I was carrying so the camera wouldn't
fall off and he then proceeded to go to
my car I got in my side and put my stuff
in Jed put the camera on top of the car
put his stuff in the car and then this
ring as little confusing to not sure
what happened but brandy Jed said to me
that my camera was on top of the car but
I didn't hear him at all otherwise
obviously I would have I would have got
it and we both got in the car my a 7s
being still on top of the car we drove
off got four hundred five hundred yards
down the road heard a massive smash and
slammed the brakes on and there was the
a7 s
in the middle of the road that's the
story of the broken a7s I mean I would
honestly love so much for me to get this
camera rig right here which is just like
a metal cage you put around your camera
by saionji bounce 300 so I've just
edited all of today's vlog on the
editing rig which is worked very well
hopefully you guys have enjoyed it just
just got interrupted like towards the
end of me editing it and that's why I
feel really right now
wroetoshaw WS like just tweeted me just
totally ripping into me because he
thought I sub tweeted him he thought up
or sub tweet out about him when it was
like a phrase that I put out lodged a
phrase I've got the phrase out on
Twitter and he thought I was tweeting
how he thought it was about him and he
just tweeted me ripping into me wait
just what just feel like a twat I just
feel like an idiot I need to reread my
inspirational board to try and get my
mood back up I'm sorry about this guys
I'll see you in tomorrow's video right
you guys can see the time lapse now
