let me go get a shower first hello guys
how are you doing my name is Alex and
it's currently 7 p.m. great time to
start a vlog today I have washed the car
into the gym and now I'm here you're
gonna focus no why won't this camera
focus focus focus focus camera please so
you guys know that I've got this
productivity board I don't know I call
upon activity but why do I call it
productivity board I call it a
productivity board because it's meant to
make me productive but I've found over
the last few months that haven't really
been paying attention to it so it's time
to give it a redesign
now beforehand it just had on it my
goals and all the things I needed to get
done which is really boring and it in
itself is an excuse to just totally
ignore it
so for myself I thought what if I
redesign it but make it really really
cool and what I find really interesting
and what I like to see all the time and
what really really really helps me is
inspirational quotes
if you only do what you can do you'll
never be anything more than you are now
take that in a little bit one major
thing people always forget is it's easy
to be mean and it's easy to hate on
someone it takes effort to be nice
that's why I like nice people very
simple one is do more but I like this
one a lot better make your friends proud
and your enemies jealous no guys
rough day remember if the Sun is blocked
it's still always shining and pretty
much what that love means is that if
something bad happens or if something
stopping you from doing something it
doesn't mean you shouldn't carry on
being 100% the Sun is always shining
despite the weather keep your eyes on
the prize and remove all of the noise I
don't know about you but stuff like this
really helps me out now I'm going to be
using this rest of the board right here
to actually write my goals and the
things that I need to do so there we go
just below the frame I've got all of my
goals but this is a really important bit
it says goals and then it says needs
100% effort now answer me this what's
the point in doing something if you're
not going to give it your hundred
percent effort what's the point our way
to comment now in the comments section
there's no point or no Alex I believe
that is a point in not doing it hundred
percent I don't want to know you
justification
so you guys wait a minute come on come
in all right pretty much what I've done
is let me load this up I'm doing a
giveaway on my youtube channel so where
people can have a chance to win things
but I'm doing it in a way that they have
to tell me a funny joke in the funniest
joke wins all the funniest joke the
funniest few jokes when's it on exact
second you buddy can you read something
can I read you some of these and I'll
see if you find them funny okay let's
make me laugh already right why it was
very loud here Eddie right a man went to
a zoo there was only one animal and it
was a doll it was a shitzu
three people having sex and it's called
a threesome when two people have sex is
called a twosome now I know why they
call you handsome
why did Adele cross the road show more
to say hello from the other side come on
come here this isn't a joke all right
say toyboat ten times really fast toy
boat toy boat toy boat toy boy you just
can't do it any type of typhoid
because that's made my day have you seen
the new you go mom
have you seen the new movie constipated
yeah that's cause it's not out yet
patient-doctor I've got a strawberry of
my bum doctor I've got some cream for
that I'm good
let's go recorded time-lapse look at my
beautiful clean car even or clean inside
as well oh I'm happy I've got so much
stuff the reason I want to go record a
time-lapse and yes I know it's a little
bit out the blue just because I haven't
recorded the time-lapse in a while and I
want to cruson money away 7s mark 2 by
recording its first time lapse so I've
downloaded the time lapse app on it
let's go there's a really calm going
summaries tonight but there's a really
cool place to go
that's like between mine and Maria's so
I'm going to go there now and record
this time-lapse so I'm here parked and
as you can see it's very dark but down
here there's a dual carriageway what I'm
going to do is put it on let's say a 15
second shutter not 15 seconds I'm going
to say a 5 or 10 second shutter and let
it record for a little bit and just see
what he gets hopefully it's all live
trails on that's pretty cool right the
cameras just there I don't know if it's
getting the picture or not like a don't
if it's actually working I hope it is so
we'll soon find out I'm gonna leave it
there and I'm gonna sit in the car here
for about I know 15 minutes you're right
yeah I'm good thank you I I am recording
a time-lapse of the road yeah my
camera's on the thing
am I not in a safe place oh god no no no
oh no no no yeah I'll do YouTube videos
yeah let's go finish um menthol
I've got my license and everything and I
do videos every single day and I like to
sort of test out camera equipment in
these videos so what I'm doing is pretty
much you'll it'll be like a moving
sequence of images but the light trails
of the cars will be really long so yeah
it shouldn't look I'm just experimenting
really Alex Brookes Beyonder below clear
my youtube name is Mars bar Mars with a
Zed will it make sure thank you
I just come pulled by the police I just
pulled by the police for recording a
time nights because someone thought I
was gonna jump up here I can't believe I
just got pulled I cannot believe I just
got pulled over oh my god I said I
wouldn't get pulled over I was already
pulled over I saw the police car coming
down I was like for God's sake so like
hi officers am I in a safe place or not
I know like suppose reported you and the
thing you're gonna jump off the bridge
really really really hoping for number
one this camera to focus please and
number two I'm hoping that I've got the
sayings right because if I don't get a B
well embarrassing right you guys can see
the time-lapse now
I've really been listening to Kanye
West's old stuff and it's so much better
than his new stuff like ridiculously
better right guys I hope that time lapse
was good I don't know what it's gonna be
like until I get back and edited but I'm
currently on my way round to Maria's so
I'm going to cut this vlog off here so I
hope you guys have enjoyed it and
hopefully it's been a little bit
inspirational
I'm trying to join today's vlog I tried
to just tell you guys what's going on in
my brain stuff so yeah no all of you
guys are doing alright and if you don't
feel free to tweet me because I'd love
to find out what's wrong with you if you
know you're feeling down I'd love to
chat to you but for now anyway
mine is Vinayak's you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in tomorrow's
vlog adios
so as you guys know slick craps recently
have sent us a load of raps that's the
wrong way around that's awesome so load
of raps watch like this view here just
not just read lucky
so can come get you in there
