so as you guys know slick craps recently
have sent us a load of raps that's
thrown around so load of raps would you
like this view here just now just
realize it here and it's cool in it I
have currently got a rap on my phone
behind this Apple case and it's just a
black rap now I'm gonna take this thing
off because there's a rap that I have
always wanted and slick raps actually
sent it out to me the only issue is I've
got to go through all of these to try
and find dicks I don't know what you
want in
last one I could have opened how cool is
my rap phone is looking extra swaggy
right now check it out is absolutely
awesome thank you slip raps the button
cut out on this case or on this rap
rather I just like so precise with a
camera and everything on it which is
insane jumper or sweatshirt wiper order
call this jet hoodie is from shift
London UK I've got the link in the
description but we need to get not like
nothing ham buy a new camera let's go
just arrived in the beautiful town of
nothing ever coming to pick up my new
camera I was really pissed off last
night that like the camera broke and
everything but then in the words of
Casey nice start it's a tool that helps
you get it done if it breaks it breaks
London camera exchange here we go is it
a push or a pull before I know I
literally have no money the last two
days have physically drained me of my
savings over the last I'm gonna say five
years maybe through four or five years
since I've been doing YouTube
oh wow yeah oh my god
before Oakley I've actually got to read
all this imagine if you had time I was
the law to read the instruction manual
before you open your package one day our
last experience one day me like on this
fun day
well this bit this is so much nicer know
what do you guys think
check it out it's a little bit different
to this but this one is a lot thinner
I'm gonna see the squeeze broke this
one's like a lot of thinner than the
a7s2 it's a lot lighter as well actually
but you know it's a nice camera
nevertheless and it should get the
YouTube videos done yeah they actually
like soft yeah they're really soft so
we've got these skins from slick wraps
and they sent me an a7 s skin while I
asked them to so said they've got an a7
s this with me a 7s mark two skins and I
don't have an A said well it didn't have
an a7 s mark - now I do have enough a7 s
boxes so I can actually put this skin on
on the camera just a quick side note as
well and I just want to point this out
it's a massive shame that my cameras
broke I've internally really annoyed but
quite was in person and I'm not gonna
let that come down in my vlog
and upset you guys so it might come
across that I really don't care that my
camera's broken and I had to spend this
amount money on a new camera deep down
I'm actually really tough but it's a
mistake and you learn from your mistakes
I'm going to be buying a cage tip around
this camera you can buy a camera cages
right there really cool you put you put
it around the camera and that what I do
drop it it work breaks I've learned from
my mistake and I'm gonna move on with my
life but before I managed to buy a cage
for it I am gonna put this wrap on it
and see how cool it looks
that is super Jed has just been doing a
little dance which I managed to get on
video and it's just I think I've Kenny
O'Neal broken my foot I'm not gonna lie
I think you broke your foot somebody
like a physics burning he was doing
still dance he just kicked this metal
object like full-on just whipped it with
his foot Joe is currently leaving right
now for a week George cool ready three
two one lens flat right I'll see you
very shortly Macey
is the sound of their bullies so nice we
have just drops off Jed and all the guys
now have estimates of amendments to the
car vlogging rate hopefully now it's not
as shaky as it was before I say that we
go for a motor potholes but I'm
currently on my way now to home base to
get some screws because I need to finish
off putting up the the stairs to the
stairs the stairs the stairs that go up
into the secret room and the office
pull-up bar which yes we're gonna have
the office pull-up bar challenge oh hey
how do you do it guys check this out
we've got LEDs behind there telling how
cool is that what the Xbox is they are
always spots and ps4 the Xbox is
currently installing all of my games and
stuff and I had a little bit of a tidy
up this place is looking a little bit
more clean and it's feeling a little bit
more fresh right now which is absolutely
great I do need to get a proper clean in
this place there because it's just
really dusty I mean even me just being
in here my hands just get like
absolutely filthy like ridiculously
filthy but I've managed to install these
three ladders to get on into the secret
room which is absolutely awesome but
it's currently quarter to twelve and
nine I've had a few late nights the last
nice and I need to get my sleeping
schedule back on track
so for now I'm going to end this vlog I
hope you guys have enjoyed and I'll see
you tomorrow
you can tell my voice is going so
hopefully tomorrow's vlog I'm not gonna
lose my voice Oh No
adios good afternoon guys how are you
all doing my name is Alex and welcome
back to another video
pistol away to the train station right
now to pick up Jed as it is Thursday
which is 10 flow day
