good afternoon guys how are you all
doing my name is Alex and welcome back
to another video lets them away to the
train station right now to pick up Jed
as it is Thursday which is take slow day
yeah you guys know that by now and as I
was leaving mouth today obviously I
spent the morning I spent last night at
Maria's and this morning I just went
home had a shower and as I go home seems
to be a reoccurring thing in these vlogs
opening opening parcels and things like
that that sort of nature yeah just a
moist pickup Joe from the train station
now
so I'm sorry here editing yesterday's
vlog about fixing the Mack and jets
error on Guitar Hero check him out is on
casual a beginner so the back home
devoured a subway and now a lot of you
guys know that well I think I told you
anyway
that this work way here if as you can
very well see very very very very worse
away
novel gipset shows actually in here I
think it is a shell for another shell
first were quite pretty much the outer
shell of the swegway with nothing inside
it so why can it
welcome potentially do for all the stuff
inside this all the internal the
expensive stuff inside the new shell and
have a working smoke way again a swegway
shell in white there we go so I'm now
drowning in my own sorrows right now
I've opened the other half in sweat way
up so pretty much I bought myself a new
shell of the bait put all the internals
of this swegway inside that she'll and
hoping that then it would be alright but
it turns out that it's the actual metal
body of the swegway itself this full on
it just sheared off right here from the
body down there there's no resurrecting
that thing the only thing I'm going to
salvage from this bad boy is the battery
and I'm just going to the rest away
that's such a shame always try and fix
it man oh well we'll fix my Mac this
week but pushing a look a bit now bit of
a shame about that swegway books oh well
I'm so I'm not gonna let it annoy me
that much
so LG are sending three of these bad
boys three of these bad boys out for the
new office now they are 34 centimeters
wide 4k curved and I'm having two on my
desk and one of them is going on the
editing desk so we're gonna be all for
Kade up in that which is absolutely
awesome thank you for sending these out
LG this is just a really nice little
wooden frame that I bought for the
office cuz I'm a massive Ponce so today
I am planning on recording part one of
the office so therefore I need my big
camera because this is why I record all
of my main channel videos on this big
boy and if you didn't know I record all
of my blood channel videos on the Sony
rx100 mark 4 with the GoPro suction
baton and so I can do car videos and
vlogs and stuff also maria bought me a
bath balm so I'm gonna try that I've
just loaded up my car with the monitor
and now we're gonna go to curries and
buy a TV
beautiful so we are in lincoln we've
come here because they didn't have the
TV in where I live Newark so with Jade
down to Lincoln Curry's is just there
we've stopped at the lights right now
and it closes in 10 minutes so we need
to go from here to there which is about
hundred yards and ten minutes and get
the TV get it in our car we've already
paid for it which is good so we just
need to pick it up and get it in the car
which is full I'm not sure how we're
gonna do that because the car is
literally closed
we did not forget but that makes it
exciting we snap J and we all getting in
a snapchat together there you go dude
there's one nice to meet you
d do yeah I'm trying to help you get out
me I'm gonna pull this up off you're
here okay so just giving Jade over here
a sneak preview of all the skins that I
got for him for his lg g3 which is
absolutely awesome I'm currently in the
process of applying this sony a7s skin
on my sony ericsson ass
Jed I'm taking you up here I want to
show you what's behind this door we're
gonna call up I love it
was it good holding it all of it was
good all of it was good price is joining
the boring system first I'll put these
I'll put these things up on this wall
and you get the proper thing painted
yeah and then we'll put the telly on
yeah pretty cool oh look at my teeth
with this light on right so you guys
can't receive it right now and I'm sorry
about that right do that he can pretty
much I plugged in the ps4 and the Xbox
one and it tripped the power to the
building I went to the flip board and
switched it back on but it still didn't
restore the power so I'm really really
confused but it's like 2:00 in the
morning here so I'm gonna wrap up
episode 1 but if it's an eye and I'm
gonna go come back in the morning and
carry on recording it urgent so we get
it gonna go home now I'm gonna mess
about with some of the raps at that
slick raps have centers
and maybe put some new raps on our phone
yet got his ones for his LG g6 and I can
tell but he's absolutely buzzing to get
them on you are button you are buzzing
buzzing buzzing but more buzzing you
guys you're on see some of the clips I
got episode one of building building the
office look at the one on the camera
sick look at the gashes in the lens it
fell off the roof of the car
I think it's broke well actually still
works just doesn't have a screen on it
I'm gonna get bed and I'll see you guys
tomorrow with my day right so you guys
what's going on my name is Alex and I
all of you guys are all right it's
currently is clearly quarter past 10:00
in the morning and I literally
