I can't do this I can't carry on with my
day oh right hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and I hope all of you guys
are all right it's currently that's not
even right it's currently quarter past
ten in the morning and I Bob I am
literally out of bed quarter past ten in
the morning two of the eunuchs I like
who the hell cares the Europa accorded
past 10 well actually I've got 45
minutes ago so I was actually upper half
knife so you probably happening at least
I don't care that your prof night I was
away earlier than that but that's good
for me okay the ice down lowers the bar
plus 9 will they guard eight remember
the last time I was up above us nine ish
I just don't remember it was done just
wasn't even a time so what I'm trying to
say is apologies if I look absolutely
shad today but really jealous what my
sleep schedule get myself up at a normal
reasonable time like a normal human
being and stop being a lazy
hopefully now I take my tablets I've got
coffee this block should be off to a
productive star
so hopefully by now all of you guys are
aware that this my laptop my main laptop
my 13-inch 2013 macbook pro broke the
other day because I spilled a tiny drop
of water on the trackpad and it went
inside the laptop and now the trackpad
doesn't work now I took the laptop to
the apple store and they said he was
going to cost me six hundred pounds for
them to replace the trackpad oh I said
to them pretty much so I said oh but I
said no thanks what I'm going to do is
I'm going to go on ebay buy a load of
tools to take apart my mac and a genuine
trackpad off ebay for 2999 and fix it
myself now I told you guys that I was
going to make a video on doing it and
you guys said yes we want to see it so
this is that video let's try and watch
this thing by the way I think taking
this thing apart I'm probably going to
break it even more but that doesn't
matter because it doesn't work anyway
let's move on
that my friends is one very beat up and
destroyed macbook battery if there's one
thing that isn't going to work when I
put this thing back together it's going
to be the battery so i might have to buy
a new one of those because this one
started to smoke and this one's bent
like a little mother right so everything
is starting to look a little bit more
promising oh no which one's the old
trackpad i forgot i think that is the
old way now this is the old one yeah
this is the old ones it's got a load of
gunk and horrible stuff round as you can
see this is the new trackpad and I'm
going to put this in obviously over here
but first off look at all the crap that
was underneath the trackpad I'm going to
try and clean it all out look at it all
this or horrible gunk and stuff under
the trackpad so while I mean there's
also a load of dust in the fan and so
while I'm here are we gonna blow all
this out and clean all of it and yeah
and put the new tripod it hasn't really
been that much of a hard process it's
just I don't know if that battery's
gonna work anymore it might do it might
not if it doesn't have to buy a new one
but it's not the end of the world
progress Jesus guys I have just put the
final screw back in the lid of my god
alone if it's gonna work the back she
was smoking halfway through because I
put screwdriver into it like a dickhead
but if this works I don't want to try it
don't want to try it oh the thing is
it's either this either it's gonna turn
on I'm not bothered about the mouse
working it's just I don't if it's going
to turn on the bad thing is you know and
you know when you take it apart and then
you put it back together but you've got
screws left over after you put it back
together that's my concern I don't think
I home God is a good turn on it
three two one
oh ok ok ok ok it's good it's fine it's
fine it's turning on good sign the mouse
is working ok first problem it says no
Wi-Fi hardware installed look at my
chest it's red is legitimately red like
what so the mac is actually all working
and I can't believe it my trackpad works
the Wi-Fi works the battery works
because it's charging right now even
though we saw smoke from the battery see
it as Apple wanted 600 pounds plus to
repair that and I've done it for 35
myself I've not come off too bad
currently I'm just listening to my deep
thoughts playlist on Spotify got myself
a glass of water a four cheese ravioli
some incredible incredible sunshine and
I'm just sitting here soaking up the
rays which is why my chest is red
imagine doing a vlog where every single
transition you did this so I'm just in
the car I'm going to go run to the
office to run this massive manfrotto box
and also the mystery box which i think
is from slick wraps but I'm not a
hundred percent sure the office I don't
like doing videos in here not because I
don't like their videos in here just
because the echoes so much and I feel
like it's annoying you guys so the
package has arrived from manfrotto my
rods were the people that do the camera
gear so let's see what's going here
oh my god insane look at this tripod
this is just insane this isn't going to
be a very good example but I'm going to
put a little point to you on this thing
and it's good look ridiculous but I'm
sure you guys have smooth it's the brand
mind we are we are zoomed in we using
digital zoom and optical zoom here and
that's how smooth it is and then look
how look where I am I zoomed in white
how insane is that there we go this is
it I've been waiting all day for this
the mystery box I don't know what's
inside of this thing and I think it's
some slick wraps so let's have a look
inside and see exactly what we've got
and I won't get by this thing there we
go got this for an xbox one and some
slick wraps t-shirts no freaking way oh
there's only eight seven of skins oops
let me k 7i skins for my a 7s and a
massive Mars public of the door no way
oh my god it's like a wooden iphone run
thighs insane and loads of them right
okay okay i'm feeling a giveaway time
i'm still not a hundred percent sure why
they sent me a UV torch but i'm feeling
a giveaway coming on we've got a lot of
wraps here okay so what you guys have
got to do is down there in the comment
section down below post your funniest
show
that you know right find one great one
tell one that you already know a funny
joke and if I laughed very very hard I
and also put your device that you have a
or third you have because these are all
foam wraps and if your joke makes me
laugh or I find it really really funny
and you have a phone as to which I have
a wrap for down here I will send you a
wrap the slick wraps Brown sit wraps you
are awesome absolutely awesome oh I'm
sorry I've just got to put this in the
vlog oh the one thing a lot of youtubers
take for granted or content creators or
producers or anyone they create
something that people enjoy a lot of the
time they overlook the people that
actually watch the content and it's a
major thing to me that a major thing
anyway as I was driving home in the car
in my local town right small town I saw
these two lads on the side and they were
both looking at my car as if there was
like some something wrong with it and
then one of them just does not be the
one on the chest and just pointed at the
car and then the boost i jumping around
and another joke passed them i looked in
my rearview mirror and they were still
jumping around on oh my god waving so I
beat them twice the jumped in the air I
was just like I just wow guys seriously
thank you so much if you're watching
this I really appreciate it looks like I
made your day and well as much as I made
your day you made mine so thank you very
much and I really appreciate every
single one of you
so guys i am going to end to today's
vlog here hope all of you i enjoyed and
as usual if you have our like rating
would be really awesome but for now
minus garlics you guys have been awesome
if you've enjoyed today and I'll see you
in tomorrow's video Annie else good
morning guys how we are doing my name is
alex today i'm getting comfortable with
a friend of mine and we're going to take
some photos
