good morning guys how we are doing my
name is Alex and I really need to get a
haircut I woke up this morning push my
teeth where the shower focus and
Breakfast came through my hair and I was
like Jesus Christ Alex what is that how
have you let this happen so so yeah what
I'm saying is I need to get a haircut
however before this vlog properly starts
I need to get your guy's opinion on
something now in the comment section
there's going to be two comments that I
will have posted one of them is gonna
say at the star and one of them is gonna
say when it happens now what I want you
guys to do is like the comment which you
think is best and what I mean by at the
start is if I'm going to do slow motion
should I put all the slow motion clips
at the star no matter where they come in
the time of the day if that makes sense
or do I put the slow motion when I'm
doing that certain activity if that
makes sense
so if you think the slow motion should
be at the start no matter where it is in
the day then drop a like rating on the
comment that says at the star and then
if you think the slow motion should come
in the video when it actually is in the
day that makes sense then click where it
is in the day hopefully that makes sense
and then I can gauge whether you guys
want it at the start of the vlog or when
it actually happens in the day brilliant
I need to go to the office now to pick
up my drill I'll tell you guys why later
some here some more LEDs have arrived
from tink Graham now I need to pick up
my drill which is over there
and then I'm gonna get to my mum's I
gotta keep you guys on suspense and say
I'm going to tell you why I'm at my
mum's when I'm at my mom's and it's
thought to myself how am I gonna carry
all of this drill stuff I've got rural
plots and screws drill bits a drill and
then I looked over here and I remember
Manfrotto something it's awesome bag I
mean look at this thing you're just
hanging up there so what I'm gonna try
and do a see if I can fit this all of
this stuff into this Mauro bag the build
quality of this bag is absolutely
incredible I drop under the link to
Manfrotto in the description I highly
recommend you guys go check them out if
you're into camera gear or just you like
cool things in general
Mankato make absolutely awesome 100 set
top quality stuff but it isn't cheap
that's the issue with my help
the woman at the counter gave me a free
magazine she just said it's free you can
have it I was like yeah okay I'll take
it I'm not gonna say no to some free
stuff just so mom walk around to her
today because she's got a TV here in her
bedroom and she wants an upgrade two
inch one usually to get a TV off the
wall that's mounted onto the wall you
just put you hand underneath and lift it
up so I've installed this TV in mom's
bedroom it's got the Netflix and chill
button right on the remote which is
absolutely perfect for my mother now I'm
gonna put the TV that was in here in the
kitchen so mum you're not Netflix and
chilling
you know you know you know you're gonna
you go you Scott go to Netflix and chill
welcome to the kitchen this TV you can
hear it but it doesn't have any picture
didn't bring my pliers with me and I'm
literally working with these
mother your kitchen TV has been
installed you can you have to move the
telly though a after with your TV mother
got one in here one in the kitchen
another one in the bedroom Bob train you
guys Diane this is cool mum's into the
same sort of stuff that I am you guys
have seen the skull on top of mine on
top of my desk my mum's into all the
same crazy stuff she's got a school with
a crow on it and then this thing over
here is really really really freaking
cool I don't even know what it is but it
but it just is awesome I just is look at
this room is just full of just like
random stuff my favorite one though is
is mr. foxy man he's just genius holding
the shotgun honestly in this goggles
absolutely oh my god the schools as well
you've got loads of them what are you
doing you want to play table football
with me
what do you mean what hand am i well I
can use any hand really what do I have
to choose a side which side should I
choose
whereas if I'm using the black I have to
be on this side
no the blacks that side right oh wow
this is really cool so I have to score
if I'm the black one which one do I have
to score in then I have to score in this
go here yeah yeah okay
how'd you kick off just put it through
here ha ha so that's my goal there so I
have to do that put it on one right so
there we go it's one old thing BAPS
oh good school this one yes yay three
one mate I'm at Lee whooping yet oh no
bang OH
straight A's
I win you lost you lost you lost you
lost you lost I won I know you didn't
know you didn't yeah it is no emails I'm
just on the phone with a client who's
having a little bit of trouble with one
of her devices however I hope you guys
have enjoyed today's vlog we have taught
my mom what Netflix and chill means
which has kind of scarred me for life
but for now - bananas you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video adios
