this dinner is gonna be the
make-or-break of whether I make it
through the rest of this day alive or
not whether you just say I'm looking at
girl stuff when I'm a boy cuz they're
pretty girls do you not think that
pursue a little bit what the hell
needs make me a coffee before I can even
start this blog I haven't even got
coffee in this year
let's go
so hello oil my name is Alex and I am
feeling dreadful I thought it's what you
over there couldn't be the bathroom you
guys can't even see me well if you
didn't watch yesterday's thought you
won't know where I was last night I was
actually out in town with a few friends
got beyond drunk and I've been asleep at
someone's house all day today just drove
back now Toby's at mine and I just feel
so drained like so drought has so much
sleep but I feel so drained I'm not
hungover I've had a lot to eat I came
back had a lot to eat a little bit more
sleep I just feel so drained but I had a
little thought in my little brain and
little thought and I thought to myself
hmmm wife I take a portable battery pack
a USB type-c to USB cable and the
MacBook and see if I can charge this
laptop off of this USB battery back up
now thought to myself the only way with
a belt less this out is if I actually
try and do it myself so tom we've got
our fresh anchor i think it's an anchor
one USB type-c t USB cable and a power
at twenty thousand milliamp hour battery
backup thing two USB ports the most
satisfying thing ever
yep so correctly one and it has a USB
type-c and one that it has a USB let's
plug the USB type-c end into the laptop
and then open this bad boy up and then
bring the other end around here go ahead
and plug it into this battery backup no
freaking way
wait a sec listen to this really it's
pretty standard right just first end of
that something just a laptop yeah well
if want to charge it with a USB battery
bank will that be very cool will be
pretty cool that you could do that you
sure man are you sure about that
I'm sure to do that charge this laptop
battery guys let me say understand cell
but can we just learn and then you guys
can say the Dominos ma'am Ivy's a woman
who knows
all right so it is game night up in here
after the Brooks household we've got the
dominoes under there just chilling out
keeping it warm as you do we've also got
Ben and Jerry's cookie dough and of all
support up to two spoons with me as you
do that I'm actually going to put these
out on the windowsill so they don't they
don't melt straight away everybody
window anyone eyes window sill smack
them there Bob's your aunt your uncle
there you go it's been playing a bit of
League you guys can see the order number
and stuff there I'm gonna close that
down because you know so yeah Toby's got
a monitor set up there he's mad
connected and we've actually hooked over
it with a monitor so we can actually
play it he's got himself a nice little
mechanical keyboard obviously this is my
myself as per usual but we're supposed
to play Lowell I was gonna stream
tonight but my internet has just been
absolutely like diabolical it keeps
going off and stuff so no chance of a
stream you can have a voice going from
last night she's awful hopefully when we
get off it sorted out by the fair bit
like constant streams and stuff because
then I'll have like this intern at the
office it doesn't actually keep going
off and I haven't done my hair because
it's game night hopefully you guys
aren't going to judge me I don't want
you guys to beat people the judge people
like come on man see if I can do this
pull the lights turn off due to some
rather unfortunate complications I've
had to change sure yes put a bit of
water on it no big deal but I am gonna
get some sleep right now guys because I
am absolutely knackered from last night
I look like a state about spots
everywhere this is Jeffrey say hi to
Jeffrey
hopefully Jeffrey's gone in the morning
hidden Jeffrey hopefully tomorrow's blog
should be a little bit more intriguing
but for now my Alex you guys have been
awesome
I do it you've enjoyed and I'll see you
in my next video adios morning guys how
are we all doing my name is of course
Alex and I hope all of you have had a
fantastic day or if not you've got
something cool planned for later on
today I know something
