good morning guys how are you all doing
my name is of course Alice guys and
welcome back to another daily vlog today
is Monday brand new week guys let's
smash it let's move on to bigger and
better things unfortunately I've got a
meeting that I need to attend to this
morning about getting a mortgage for my
new house now if you're unaware not many
people have a half a million pounds
lying in a pillowcase somewhere so when
you're buying a house you have to pull
out what's called a mortgage and it's
essentially just borrowing money from
the bank and then you pay the bank back
in monthly installments and that is
essentially in a nutshell what our
mortgages and I kinda need one of those
if I'm if I'm gonna buy this house I've
got meetings sorting all of that out
this morning
okay well thank you very much for your
time so it looks like guys mortgage all
sorted I'm get in the house I knew was
anyway but we got the green light this
morning right I've let you come back to
pick up some Christmas cards and some
presents and need to go to my mum's
house to see her before Christmas
soothing guys so as you can see I've
arrived at mums with the fast array of
animals the heads are on the walls and
different things as you can see since
last summer came here she's put up all
the Christmas decorations look at all
this stuff it's absolutely mad there's
anything new looking around
oh yeah there's just a fox Chilean on
the mantle table over here you guys see
the table and then there's just a little
looking wicked Samui now we've got some
Christmas bits to sort out but as the
main reason I'm down here and obviously
to see my mother
mother where are you could I hold the
spider I just want to look really like I
just want to look like um I'm not a
massive girl on the blog you know I mean
I have a muscle girl really I actually
hate spiders what I hate spiders all
right word I don't like how spiders but
this spider it's really pretty I think
it's like the look of like black
horrible house buyers I don't like this
one's really nice guys can you see that
that is a spider what what type of
spider is they again Chilean Rose so if
you know anything about spiders that is
a Chilean Rose spider tarantula there
you go there are guys that in the
Chilean rose tarantula in my hands it's
absolutely beautiful honestly and I hate
spiders it's gorgeous in that it really
is it's mental look how look how slow
the legs move it's absolutely mental but
if the camera actually focused so there
is the spider oh it's so cool look at
that
right so in here we finished these are
all sort of presents that mum has got on
me and a load of other people that I
need to take back home I'm absolutely
buzzing to open these my mum always gets
brilliant presents as you can see by the
decor of the house it's just something
else it's incredible mum thank you I
need to go I think I might need a little
bit of help with taking some of the
stuff to the car because there is
literally so many presents my mum goes
absolutely Hamlet Christmas it's awesome
right there we go car full of presents
have managed to fit everything in or
from the front foot well to the back mum
I will see you just before Christmas I
don't know when I'm gonna see you next
Friday before Christmas Eve so I've got
presents to give to you as well you just
try to shoot with a knife girl what is
that that's tiny that's not even a
problem nerf gun is it actually is it
made them that small it's tiny
you just try to fire this at me I'm
firing at you now turn around right you
hit me in the eyeball so I get to you in
the alcohol out right slow motion you
gotta stand there and not move three two
one
actually bro I was thinking well I've
had a few ideas as to part number five I
think now of doing the eight year old
setup do you want to do it this evening
yeah real sometime I have a couple of
ideas to make it better because we both
know that your LEDs don't work so that
is what we need to fix as well as do
something else
are you ready bro yeah bang
right so we'll fix the LED strips for
you bro I have one idea as to what we
can do but you tell me one thing that
you want to into the setup
put the TV on to the wall is that one
thing you want that is mental because
that was exactly what I was actually
thinking this says it would be so much
better if we put Jacobs TV up on the
wall should we do it dude yeah Rylan bro
if we're gonna do that I need to go to
the office to get some supplies you come
in with let's do it doing little
projects for my little brother's put
into my favor of things and just watch
it well you're in for a treat but I put
that don't open that I like no when we
get home and put them down and then go
up there and you can look at my storage
cup looking no fee it's so funny you're
going there and you can see all of my
spare items that I have well all this is
stuff that's being used in the office at
the moment and then all this stuff is
like brand-new still in the boxes as
motherboards keyboard Bluetooth speakers
what would you like bro you want a DJI
Spidey you'd like a drone would you I
think has to be 13 to have a drone bro
so what will be hopes up right then dude
we need to get some stuff out the
storage cupboard unfortunately I've been
looking around if you can see one but I
can't see a TV bracket we can we can
maybe put the TV on the wall next week
but what was the other thing that you
said that you wanted in that what was it
what did you say last week to me you
said you want some bigger speakers and
you wanted to put the telly on the wall
I don't think I can see oh wait no
there's one but I don't think dude that
is gonna work on your TV yeah bro it
says sizes up to 26 inches and your TV
that I gave you it's 55
all you need is this bit and then you
can put the LEDs any LEDs on the end of
this and they will turn on with the
telly how cool is that actually do yeah
I know it actually does a nice even
check in you find that amazing doing it
right when you tell you I'll Nancy if it
works I hope it works otherwise this
isn't yeah see so that means dude every
time you turn the TV on the LEDs come on
well it's a little point dude because
the last ones or they're just broken
aren't them right then bro you go around
that side and let's run this LED strip
around the telly
you ready yeah right I'm gonna run it up
here
and now go turn off the main light hey
dude how awesome is that
that's better isn't it right and bro
that's cool isn't it what's really next
speakers where do speakers well there
they are we took them up to the TV don't
wait
rather than Jacob go on FIFA and see how
loud it is hard isn't it
is that better I think I'm gonna leave
Jacob in peace plane from FIFA mission
accomplished there we are guys Jacob is
100% happier with his gaming room I'm
100% sure of it because he absolutely
loves filming those videos with me right
guys this house that I'm buying you know
this one with these floor plans and it's
right there and now we'll keep going on
about it guys but it's a big part of my
life and it's actually scaring me quite
or not scaring me it's just a massive
massive stepping stone in my life
something definitely to be proud of but
I need to make sure I'm doing everything
right but one thing's for certain this
house definitely isn't gonna pay for
itself so I need to get on with a little
bit of client give me a couple of hours
and now we are boys and girls after two
and a half hours of editing we have
ourselves well now this is a promotional
video for a gym I've edited my client
132nd promotional video for his
Instagram which is just there okay this
is kind of confidential I can't show any
more and then this is the main video
which is loads more cinematic
okay no more okay maybe a bit more
because well it is just insane how are
you guys are okay nonetheless guys and
if you not subscribe to my youtube
channel and you like technology and
loads of random things and me messing up
then make sure you click Subscribe and
watch yesterday's video right here guys
but for now my name's been Alex you guys
have been awesome guys stay awesome
remember to keep smiling and guys I'll
see you in tomorrow's daily vlog the
train never stops adios
