morning guys how are we all doing my
name is of course Alex and I hope all of
you have had a fantastic day or if not
you've got something cool planned for
later on today I know some thin I know
something I know something is a hundred
percent true and you right now orange
was ever looking than me then just god
I'm even mad a shower anything feel like
absolute state and nice because that's
guilt right now
goes in loaded up into the car before we
go I've got two parcels here and they
know what they are so let's open these
guys up and see what we've got oh it's
the hdmi cable for the atomists Shogun
Sura can record 4k brilliant let's get
to the office so my way to pick up a
parcel that I missed at the house
yesterday I don't even know what it is
but there's a parcel and I have no idea
what is like no idea right I could guess
what's gonna be inside here I just don't
have a clue but it sounds like LEDs my
sounds like LEDs whoa oh it's this color
RGB so I'm assuming that means color red
green blue and therefore his LEDs I
guessed it i actually test it now this
will be the test this Cable will tell me
that I haven't broken or have broken a
1,500 pound camera this is the moment of
truth is what we can see on here on the
monitor as well oh my god it works i'm
so happy and it's in 4k Ultra HD
brilliant so that means to cut a long
story short that it's not the camera
that's broken it was the cable which
have now bought a new one and it all
works which is great Jim time
thank you
look
so I usually do this over on my snapchat
but soon as you flogged fanatics are
loving my music at the moment on Spotify
I'm going to go ahead and do this week's
on Spotify but i really recommend you
out by snapchat will be in the
description its Marcy snaps and I
generally just like mess about on there
and do stupid stuff so if you want to
see that then definitely go ahead and
add it but my song or three songs for
this last week have been as follows and
by the way this week it's all been about
the drop for me and the actual how the
track sounds nothing to do with lyrics
or the composition but just how it
sounds so first on the list we've got
pistols at dawn by 11 read that I coming
up second we have I'd love to change the
world by Jetta
then number three we've got fast car
I'm not gonna play the whole friggin
track because I just get done for
copyright issues and things like that
but if you wanted like keep up to date
on my music and stuff you can just go
ahead and follow me on Spotify it's just
alex Oliver Brooks if you type it in the
search it should it should come up and
then I'm this I'm this Mad King here and
then you can follow me we've just hit
10,000 followers on spy fire which is
absolutely awesome someone keeps
knocking on my door and I don't know who
it is what are you doing I am going now
to spend the afternoon with why is my
window open spending the afternoon with
Maria and it's raining in a horrible
weather now na ya baba it was nice
yesterday today is just a bit ground
just got back from Maria's and we've
decided that we're going to go out of
town tonight so come home I'm going to
get myself ready and I put bastards and
then we'll get the train station and
head off into town it's gonna have to be
a quick one tonight food-wise so you
guys know are prepared for cheese
ravioli done in three minutes absolutely
gorgeous need these guys to sponsor me
send my mac you know my old one the one
that broke it's been in this plastic bag
with rice over the trackpad now it's
been in here for 48 hours let's take it
out quickly and see if it works
and I'm prepping myself for the worst
here if it doesn't work guys what you
think I should do you think it is broken
it's been there for 48 hours or do you
think I should leave it in the rice a
bit longer what you guys recommend right
let's see if it works oh my god you guys
can see my facial reaction yeah I'm
still broken still broken should I keep
it in a bit longer what would you guys
recommend but would you guys recommend
putting it in a plastic steel bag
because I've had in a plastic sealed bag
you to a recommendation from someone but
i'm not sure if i could just leave rice
on it without the bag on it it is in a
plastic sealed bag so get my camera
tilted you guys got any recommendations
let me know if this doesn't work in the
next sort of week doing the right method
i'm gonna do a video on me dismantling
and replacing the trackpad myself
because you can actually buy trackpads
on ebay for about 25 quid so I'm gonna
go do it myself I believe now I am all
ready to go out into town gonna go back
to maria's have some drinks with her
beforehand and then waiting at the train
station and then we're gonna go have
some more pre drinks out mailbox and
then we're gonna hit up the club funny
story last time I went our it was last
Saturday I actually got turned away from
the club i usually go to which is a club
in Lincoln called home because I had of
jordans on yeah really annoying so I'm
going to be wearing the yeast tonight
I'm currently on a train right now I
don't know what else to say I'm locked
in here there's a fruit shoot and stuff
it's like loads of mirrors it's great
here's the thing right yeah looking back
on this footage and here editing yeah
I'm just like brilliant yeah looks sick
I tried to record a load of slow motion
to like a full-on slow-motion segment in
the club but it was just way too dark
and way too grainy I managed to pull it
off like a few weeks ago and I'm not one
hundred percent sure how because the
footage looks are absolutely awful and I
really apologize for that but I'm gonna
have to end this blog here because I've
got no more footage I pretty much just
went back and fell asleep but yeah I
hope you enjoy guys man is mad at you
guys have been awesome i'll see you in
my next video cheeky voiceover over and
out
