good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is I too know all of your having
a fantastic day or if not have a
fantastic day the rest of it anyway I
have just woken up here in the UK it is
about half-past twelve in the PM's and
have myself a shower and Leland
refreshed much Jen to go downstairs and
make me a coffee and some toast let's
see if he's delivered all right morning
if you're a girl of Marie
brilliant okay as a parcel that's
outside I'm not sure what it is
the guy's just gone to his big trouble
to get it so hopefully it started really
really really cool he's coming to coming
he's got two boxes so we started to film
now a secret project we've got cameras
here stuff for two cameras more it comes
out of code stuff couldn't stand the
cameras off I've got some headphones in
and that is pretty much all I'm really
allowed to tell you at the moment that
we're filming like a secret reaction
project thing reaction I'm gonna react
to something and we're gonna get it on
film and it's gonna be on telly wait is
it actually gonna be on telly you think
it's gonna be on telly yeah I don't have
an telly
my time my homes YouTube mate that's
where I'm from it's where I'll stay
right I'm gonna set this camera up look
in that way I know you'll be able to do
is hear my reaction you'll better see
what I'm actually doing why I'm just
doing is absolutely incredible but I was
like an experienced its first time I've
ever done it and it was insane like
literally insane and no before you asked
me and Jed did not partake in any
sensual activities in the previous half
an hour so there we go after about 45
minutes of filming I finally finished
the secret projects next week this time
next week you guys will know what the
secret project is and what we've been
doing but I can tell you now that it's
absolutely awesome
I've got under the path of 4045
I've got another parcel you've got the
pulse was downstairs from Manfrotto but
I want to open this one now because it's
for this and I kind of need it there
pretty much you guys know that I bought
this new laptop and yes to let you guys
know it's actually really really good
I bet it like all my videos on it so far
for the vlog Channel but it doesn't have
a card reader or USB port or anything
like they're only has one USB C port and
that means even if you want to put stuff
on like from a memory card through USB C
card reader you can't charge it at the
same time introduce this little guy a
quite cool actually it's this thing
there pretty much what it does is you
take your laptop right here laptop and
you plug this into its available USB C
port like that even puts a little blue
light on it that's really cool and at
the same time you've got two USB ports
and a card reader a massive card reader
and a small card reader which is really
really cool I'm happy with that that's
really cool now this is really cool this
is a jumper from the guys over at
and says on it shift
L
UK which receiving starts but London UK
then they emailed me asking if they'd
like to send me how some clothes and I
was like yeah go for it
I saw this jumper and I absolutely fell
in love with it I think it's really
really really cool I love it when
companies send me clothes I've got to
deem tone witnesses look they're hanging
on that the main beam in the office
right now a bloody little team toned
Fitness if I if it wasn't for that
pretty much I wouldn't buy of the
motivation I do today like there may be
a workout plan and I've been trying to
stick to it and it's been working really
well if you guys want to check out team
tone or shift obviously I'll provide the
links in the description down below it's
a portable monitor legitimately it's
powered by a USB as you know I won't put
the chromecast into it because it's a
micro HDMI port but still I'm gonna do a
review on this oh my god now is not
usually many camera companies that I
recommend the gear from because usually
ends up breaking or it's just downright
rubbish the Manfrotto have been there
from the start they have the real G's
he's got their products marketed
products are used by everyone who is
serious about my camera gear I really
need to get these installed up the wall
so I can actually get up into the secret
room here we go so here are some of the
products that we've got all lined up for
the office I'm gonna start recording
building the ultimate office for the
main channel next week we should go down
hopefully anyway hopefully should be
really fun to film right guys it now I
am gonna leave leave the office and go
home
it is Friday evening and I want to be a
back and relax a little bit be the last
one out of this office block she's
actually quite scary because you've
gotta close it all down and this massive
door these are lockers about five
different locks on it the mental stuff
finish my children's meal of sausages
and they're like Heinz hoops but there
weren't hoops they were like shapes I
really enjoyed it to be honest
now I've just got a load of boring stuff
to do like I've got a post stuff on eBay
and so our load of crap that I just
don't want because I've got so much crap
I just don't need that just like clogs
up space in my room so finally I've got
some time to sort some stuff out I need
to sort this room out and this route
brilliant and it's out this room and
this room this room is like you're so so
so so messy so let's take you back to
the old days and time lapse this thing
why need is some sort of LED light to go
on top of this camera because I'm pretty
much a nocturnal animal I'm like awake
the most at night and that's what I do a
lot of with these videos and stuff and I
when it's dark so I need some more light
and therefore answer to this horrible
light on and I hate it
but I have had a clear out as you guys
have seen on the G key time-lapse and in
here now if we're going to here this
room was an absolute tip before which a
lot of you guys said but now I've played
it all out other like the consoles and
stuff looking cool everything is looking
in its place and everything is just a
lot more like tidy and stuff in here
which is absolutely great hey guys so
guys that is going to be it for today's
vlog I really hate you have enjoyed if
you have a like rating would be
absolutely awesome but for now - Malik's
you guys have been awesome I'll see you
in my next video adios good morning guys
how are we all doing my name is of
course Alex and I hope all of you I've
had or having a great day I am currently
on my way to the angel coffee house
