good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is of course Alex and I hope all
of you I've had or having a great day I
am currently on my way to the angel
coffee house let's do this
the owner of this coffee shop is called
CJ never no little no inside here so go
get this a little bit on the down low
but just isn't filming for someone and
include people react so we're in Angel
and Angel coffee house and we are gonna
use down Dan's one of the barristers
very stern
it's one of the baristas here and we're
gonna get him to react to a malicious
this iron angel yes outside filming pod
life yo yo yo my name is Joe I'm
vlogging in town so they don't have a
whole song to show you a song have you
got Apple music no I don't pay for it
anybody who's gonna go to the bucket
though so here's a thing where I didn't
let you know earlier it's been a bit of
an issue
I've lost the Dhruva
I took the other day from both sessions
at the last week's session near the
train line lost Oliver and the section
where I was here to watch that vlog I've
lost them a lot too which is absolutely
brilliant so I'm back here now trying to
refill the footage which is really
irritating and a vote and I've got do
that but obviously I'm gonna do it
because I want to get the video out for
you guys as soon as I can right so let's
power on for the third time without much
battery now I've charged row up and then
out to come out as soon as as soon as I
could really but looks like a pretty
decent day to fly so the cameras
powering up let's do this now I am going
to sit inside the car and fly just
because then I can see the actual screen
a lot better on the iPad make the camera
look down
Oh
it's great the bet
a guide to bed last night at about 3:00
a.m. and the plumber phone is charged
and a wise to get a good night's sleep
and what did I hear I heard King King is
that good you know that means they're
the charging sound for the iPhone it
kept playing over and over again and I
was like like clearly my cable is broken
I have an anchor cable by my bed which
I've had here for half a year if it was
an old Apple cable it lasted about two
weeks I don't even know if it's the
cable it might be the wall adapter so
I'm gonna swap out this cable that I've
had for - for about half a year but
there's new under cable in which Anka
sent me yesterday and I'm also gonna
change out the wall socket no go this is
a Brun brand new one so hopefully if i
plug my new anchor cable into my brand
new Apple charger we shouldn't have any
issues hey right so two days ago my
laptop broke
that's buy a new laptop crappy situation
last night I lost of the drone footage
crappy situation come to record a
telephone video crappy situation pretty
much what's gone down is this is the
sony a7s and it records internally 1080p
but you can record 4k to an external
recorder which we have here now all of
our tempo videos are in full on 4k and
what you do is you can internation your
mind cable to this and plug it into the
4k recorders so it can record 4k now we
plugged in hdmi cable into this and
plugged into this and it said no input
and we were like oh no the cameras
output is broken because pretty much fed
up with a complication last week where
the HDMI cable the cable got snagged and
I thought it was broken on the camera
but it turns out that it is it is the
cable down there it's broken tiny little
end on here is the end as to which you
plug into the sony a7s camera and it
turns out this that's broken and not the
actual output on the camera because this
is a three-pound cable so I can buy a
new one of these but if it's the output
on the camera that's broke then my
cameras pretty much pointless I've got
to buy a new cable but that means this
week's tech flow video is gonna be in
1080p which whatever there we go just
finished up recording the
Tech flow review of the logitech harmony
which is down here a very expensive
emotes remote remote and something I
would never buy myself just because it
is so expensive and I'd rather just go
and turn stuff on myself but you know
what if you're lazy it's really really
cool that is super cool and then three
shots of the relay station television
village that is a list of the b-roll
that we've gotta shoot for the tech flow
video just to let you guys know how much
effort we put into this this is an
aspire one battery that is fully charged
we're going back to the location last
week to reshoot the inspired footage
that I lost on the computer yeah and I'm
gonna go pick up Elliot as well because
he wants to come down Elia is also a
massive drone freak he's got his own
drone himself and he's been in a few of
my videos in the past on the main
channel so here is Elliot's drone as you
can see right there he's got a GoPro and
a gimbal on it there's the inspirer and
we're back parked up here again to get
the shot that we did before with the
Train so we're back here again on the
bridge hey guys it does sound really
cooling to him and then they've got the
center yes this is gonna be so cool and
the train comes over here but hopefully
we've timed it right so the train is
gonna be here in about two or three
minutes Jed is going to go and stand
near the train line and shout me when he
can see the Train and then I'm gonna
take off and start to fly my drone
around the train line there's a train
coming that way now
two minutes nothing really
sunset over there is looking absolutely
gorgeous we're on the train line again
we're close to it successful guys yeah
very successful drone is dead well mine
is dead I've only got one batch of mine
it's 150 pounds to get another battery
and I can't quite comprehend that amount
of money I will buy one in the future
but for now 150 pound for a battery
little bit pushing it but I flow down
there where the water is as we flow last
time and I managed to come up with a
train a freight train was coming over
which is really really cool and the Sun
set behind me is looking absolutely just
the Mazda a load of food and the my the
way I put my car is just like not even
my even questionable
this is a bit of a public service
announcement so last night I went for a
meal to celebrate my cousin's birthday
and my mum was there and my mum what was
the attention of this story that story
being the murder of Breck Bednar
