this is a bit of a public service
announcement so last night I went for a
meal to celebrate my cousin's birthday
and my mum was there and my mum brought
with the attention of this story that
story being the murder of Breck bednar
so to cut a long story short pretty much
Breck was an online gamer he loved
playing on his computer playing online
he met up with some 18 year old Brett
was 14 metal with some 18 year old
online this 18 year old manipulated and
got him to God got Brett to come around
to this 18 year olds house and ended up
tying him up and killing him before the
slug starts give you guys a heads up and
just make sure you're all alright and
all all right on the internet I don't
need guys speaking to anyone stupid or
you guys hopefully know if you speak
into someone who's manipulating their I
just want you guys to be safe or I okay
on with today's vlog good morning guys
how are we all doing my name is Alex and
I hope all of you are having a fantastic
day I don't know I'm really not Oh a
parcel please be for me please be for me
for me yeah okay this part I was
brightened up my day a bit but let me
explain to you guys why I'm not having
the best day so last night I was in the
bath as you do a way to come back after
the meal of my family have a bath think
about a few things where I got a few
ideas and then get ourselves to bed now
I was writing down some ideas on my
laptop and you think Alex while you were
a laptop in the bath that's a disaster
waiting to happen and you are correct
but the bathwater wasn't the disaster I
actually had a glass of water and as I
got out the bath and got myself dry I
picked up the glass of water to take it
into my bedroom and spill the tiniest
droplet of water on my Mac she's been
sat here all night turned off pretty
much what the problem is is the trackpad
just spazzes out like literally spazzes
out so put this stuff over it hopefully
it's been like this for about eight
hours now I don't if that's long enough
I couldn't find any right so I've had to
use this stuff that's dry and I dry all
out I'm hoping now
trackpad is going to work no oh for
God's sake it's still broken and for
some reason like the trackpad kind of
words it glitches a bit but for some
reason you can't click anything like you
can't even tap it to click let your
literally can't like click anything it's
so annoying you literally can't click I
don't understand if it's a problem with
the laptop I don't understand what the
issue is wait you can right click I need
to somehow be able to click this it says
ignore built-in trackpad when mouse or
trackpad is present I need to click it I
can't click I physically can't click
this is so annoying man what I just
don't understand the laptop physically
works absolutely fine with the mouse
upset you can't you can't click on
anything you can't click on anything
even with the frigging trackpad that's
bad right now you're probably thinking
Alex why are you that bothered about the
Mac yeah it's a bit mushy and you've got
an awesome self upstairs just go use
that horror Alex it's fine it's the
trackpad you can probably get it
repaired for about 100 quid 50 quid
whatever go and get it repaired it's not
a big deal no no no no no no no no this
is a big deal because I edit all of my
vlogs that I do every day on that Mac
and if I don't have a Mac it's gonna be
extremely difficult for me to edit these
vlogs
Oh is so cool thank you very much anchor
for brightening up my day and sending me
all of your friggin products man these
are sick look at all these you get you
guys now for you guys mistake I don't
know maybe the portable batteries and
stuff all your phones you know you get a
treat things
well they've sent me a load of stuff for
the office and for personal use which is
awesome oh my god for this let's take a
look at what they've actually sent that
is if something two of these aluminium
hook things which have there is USB
extenders which are absolutely awesome
so I'm going to use these on the desks
in the off base so pretty much just plug
them in and then they give you more USB
ports especially this one this is their
new lightning edition and I've been told
this one can pull up to 85 kilograms
black is oh my god
it comes in a little freaking case with
an anchor thing on it oh my God look at
that that's so cool can you guys see
that and then the cable apparently this
can hold up to 85 kilograms like this
cable is really really freaking strong
I've dropped a link in the description
to all of houses products of actually
got a really cool Al's on page which is
called Prime so if you order up to 7
p.m. it will literally come next day so
if you in need of a lining cable but can
support up to 85 kilograms it way as not
break these guys are the real G's update
on the Mac I've actually managed to
click that little button in the settings
so it ignores this trackpad when there's
a mouse plugged in and now it all works
with this little mouse so hopefully well
at least I can edit today's vlog now now
hold on a minute
I'm editing this vlog on a little mark a
tiny mark a very small Mac you guys keep
watching the vlog you'll see what I mean
right so I am off now to a meeting
someone wants to inquire about using me
for some drone services so I'm going to
go there and I'll catch up with you guys
afterwards I managed to drop my vlog
camera just after this first meeting and
it deleted the footage of where I said
the meeting was a success and the now
I'm on to my next meeting
now I'm on my way to meet Chris he is an
old friend of mine
and we're going to talk about some music
stuff Chris say hi so the gentleman sat
outside of the table of me is a name's
Chris sin he owns a little companies
doing some fat beats he's gonna lay some
fat beats down on my videos who don't
know that means he's gonna make some
music custom for my channel so when he
does and if it's any good which it will
be Chris minute hopefully and you guys
want to see like a SoundCloud and stuff
and I'll show you guys about what he's
doing and the music that he makes
between that's really cool at all little
place at the moment
it's pretty dapper actually it's not
biscuit this weather is absolutely
diabolical I'm just on my way now to the
Apple store I'm going to see if they can
fix my laptop or see if they can give me
like a quote or a price for how much
it's going to be to fix the trackpad for
it and they also need to buy a new
laptop as well because the time that
they're fixing it and I need a laptop
but I need one here we are back again ah
the good folks at our Gatto just
mentioned to me on Twitter but look at
this traffic that I'm stuck in I've been
in this traffic for about half an hour
it was about a mile of traffic down this
road and we're just not moving at all I
managed to buy this thing I'm really
ashamed of myself I've let myself down
I've let my family down I've let you
guys down I bought the 13 inch know the
11 inch macbook the one that doesn't
even have a USB port just because this
is the only one they had in stock
my main laptop my black is just not
working but I spoke to the guys and
their life you get they should be able
to edit your vlogs and stuff on this
little laptop and it's smaller than the
MacBook Pro that means I can take your
plate it is the thing I really use my
macbook pro for is to edit these vlogs
so if I can do that and edit the vlog
spot in something with a smaller form
factor then why not well I totally
understand that this laptop is stupid
because it just doesn't have a USB port
on it I understand that and I think it's
a stupid product but I only use a Mac to
edit my vlogs and if it can edit my
vlogs then I'm not going to complain
I like to turn on though hey there we go
thank God for that what is this what
what what what does that mean
Alex you just don't know what to do like
physically just physically don't know
what to do honestly literally all it
just every time I turn it on it just
does oh god why fuck it's working it's
working I'm so annoyed I'm gonna go do
some boxing I'm about to lose it little
about to lose it light I need to control
myself I'm literally going over the edge
there we go I have had a shower now I'm
feeling better I just get like really
annoyed with stuff it's hard to explain
like why tend to do in my head and it's
something that I really need to work on
but what I do is I disregard things I
let things go I let things slide I let
things slip I generally try to be a
positive person about everything and I
think is technically impossible to do
that because as I do that why I'm doing
is I'm disregarding everything and I
feel absolutely fine but what I'm doing
if you like is putting all of those bad
things into a folder at one point I'm
going to open that folder the last
someone's going to go into the folder
the folder is going to be full and then
I'm just going to explode it gets so so
mad and that is a real issue because as
soon as something little happens or even
something big
it makes the folder to its maximum
capacity and then I just lose my shit
and everything goes out the wall and I
start getting really annoyed
concentrate and I wanna like break an
hour our David now I think I've got like
well I'm know I've got an anger issue
didn't know how simply because I spill a
tiny and I want to say this to you guys
I mean a tiny bit of water on the
trackpad on my Mac now the trackpad
doesn't work it's ridiculous and about
to go and spend money on a new laptop
because they wanted to charge me 600
pounds to get that repaired literally
lost my marbles in the Apple store I was
like are you taking the absolute mick
like what I can buy another laptop for
that amount money no I just did spend
the rest of my night installing all of
my programs that I need on this like
Photoshop ah premiere not premiere
after-effects and then what some emails
to do and then I'm gonna go to sleep but
I'm going to call this vlog short here
guys I do hope you've enjoyed you have a
like rating as usual would be awesome
and it'll be good as you could see me
mine is Manoj you guys have been awesome
how you've enjoyed today's episode and
I'll see you in my next video
Adi else good morning guys how we are
doing my name is Alex today I'm gonna
get a coffee
with a friend of mine and we're going to
take some photos early in my local town
Lincoln and I'm gonna go get this coffee
and I've got my tripod with me so we can
take some photos I literally don't think
it can get any windier best place to get
coffee ever
boom thank you very much my friend hi
I'm Logan
we've got the angel coffee house special
Kaylee's choice say I can
