good morning guys how we are doing my
name is Alex today I'm gonna copy a
friend of mine and we're gonna take some
photos fully in my local town Lincoln
another now and get this coffee and I've
got my tripod with me so we can take
some photos I literally don't think it
can get any windier our best place to
get a coffee ever
boom thank you very much my friend the
angel coffee house and the special ok
this choice can we do an inspirational
speech real quick Thanks
don't smoke it's bad for you it might
kill you ok she's gonna have a fight
ok Lee I present to you a tripod and a
very old ND filter right ND filter
actually works as well as pretty cool
let's go
Kelly what just happened someone ruined
a photo shoot so I ruined the photo
shoot this is whatever this has I've got
to soak right now I've been I've been
stood there it's looking pretty good so
long and said hi and they said they
watch my game and dead and I was like
that is so cool you're gonna be keeping
still it's not actually shooter than the
one so we turned on vlogging it actually
I will put this put the screen up right
leave people to walk that way it's like
the best these are so goddamn cool I'll
show you guys the one we get back when
you can actually see the camera I'll put
in a bigger screen we're gonna see Joe
Joe yeah you actually play guitar me
alive and then you got a guy look you've
got this you've got this is the first
time on guitar hero yeah actually
are you doing it look so guys I put
would be really really funny it's again
Kayla here on either the ninebot or the
big the big swag way down here because
you've only been on like 1 1 7 year she
was drunk that you fell off so now
you're sober now are you you think I
think I'm saying oh but we've just
written bathroom Lincoln so hope I'm
saying so but let's go outside and mess
around with these for a bit and see if
Kayla can actually do it ah I see you've
got it you know what you're doing that's
it no just like just try and stand still
just try and stand still that's a pretty
much stop there I know cuz cuz you've
moved the thing in the middle put them a
thing in the middle straight that's it
and you stopped and now you going
forward very slowly though let me get on
this one and follow you around
OOP there we go
it's really nice being with old friends
like you make friends and then if you
don't see them for ages and then you
know you both organize to see each other
and you're gonna have a coffee and
you're gonna take some photos and just
chill out I've had a really cool day
today hanging out with Kaylee cuz I
haven't seen her in such a long time and
she's really nice this is my cat guys
come
it's called Merlin right and he caught
he's fully blind you can't see he's like
a fully blind cat felon they literally
can't see a thing
he just can't see there is look at me in
the corner it's actually quite
incredible Lorri actually he has to
brush against everything to try and find
his way around because he can't use his
eyes to get what I mean so he has to be
always against the wall so it can feel
where he is so I've just had a call from
my Ranma just Fomento she's like five
minutes away I'm actually going for a
meal tonight with like one side of my
family my mum's side because it is my
cousin's 23rd or 24th birthday 23rd or
24th birthday today I'm not sure which
one is freaking retard but yeah it's a
cool guy ah oh oh I'll introduce you
guys to it off-road offroad I'm trying
to light myself up plug myself and I'm
trying to line myself up with my phone
screen vlog and ride at 9 bar at the
same time pretty much my driveway to get
to my house it's really long and thin
and windy and my grandma dad come down
my driveway to pick me up so what I do
is I meet down into my driveway on a
swegway yeah it just doesn't look like
here though
lutely freezing there are you
Oh
okay get everything hey Siri set
productivity so a vlogging camera is
half of the story in my opinion you've
got your camera that's great you can
hold it out you can hold it out like
this and that is acceptable for most
people but why you want to do a beer or
shot wait if you want to set the camera
up somewhere else and point it at
something or maybe you've got a limited
space to work with and you want to wrap
your camera around some metal bars
introduce this genius idea called a
gorilla pod this thing attaches to your
camera it has three legs and you can
pretty much stand your camera up any any
any any word will you men to be able to
a bulb on for this camera my sony a7s
and Gorillapod actually do a bigger
version for the a7s which supports this
camera well it used to I liked it that
much that I went ahead and bought the
mini one for my vlogging camera now this
is just a pretty much a little baby
version of this big thing and you attach
it to a small camera like I'm using here
and it enables me to get some really
great shots in these vlogs for you guys
but let me show you something right this
is my bigger one for my bigger camera
look how hard that is to move right I
can't move that one with well I'm
shaking it right scons try the same with
this one it just moves so freely see
like I didn't have to put any force in
it whereas this one I can't move it at
all this one's stiff this one's fine and
so is this one this one however just
moves really freely whenever I put my
camera down it just falls over it's
ridiculous same with this little one the
same things happened look how easy that
is to move I can move it with my little
finger middle pinky finger whereas these
ones these ones are a lot harder to move
now these guerrilla pods aren't cheap
they make a metal expensive one which is
about 100 pounds which is a total ripoff
I'm gonna try and fix these it's a very
simple way of doing it
now hopefully yes it stands up even when
it's leaning forward brilliant superglue
you strike again thank you very much my
friend at the end of the day this thing
this Gorillapod is a little bit of
plastic and it costs an extortioner
amount for a little bit of plastic and I
know I know is a genius product it is
insane whoever invented it well done but
for 30 pounds for a little bit of
plastic I shouldn't have to be mending
things myself I've bought two new
products Jovi and they have both just
bailed on me both of them are radicular
it's not cool oh man not happy this is
one of the photos Kay took of me earlier
in town it's pretty insane I've managed
to put one on Instagram there we go it
looks absolutely awesome I just love it
how everyone else is moving and I'm just
stood still if you guys want to try
something like that yourselves pretty
much all you have to do is get an ND
filter for your camera pretty much an ND
filter just blocks out the light in your
shots and the reason you want to go
ahead and use an ND filter if you want
to get a shot like this is because you
don't want much light you're gonna be
putting your shutter speed down to three
or four seconds that is how you achieve
the motion blur of the people walking
past now when you put your shutter speed
down to about three or four seconds but
less in a lot of light you want to
cancel out that that is the job of the
ND filter put your ISO on its lowest
setting put your f-stop on its high
setting and go out stand still press the
shutter button and stand as still as you
can and I'd love to see your guys
results if you want to DM me that my
name's to be on the upload that my tag
me I'd love to see it if you guys want
to go out and try it
but for now today's vlog is over - Brad
that you guys have been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video adios morning
guys how are y'all doing my name is Alex
and Toby's currently the bathroom taking
a piss is a very very very very very
nice day today look about Alcala
boom areas is rocking a mars bar share
its go focus that yeah brilliant good
here's the mess from
