morning guys how y'all doing my name is
alex and Toby's currently the bathroom
taking a piss he's a very very very very
very nice day today look about look at
and boom there he is is rocking a mars
bar share to focus that yeah brilliant
good here's the mess from last night and
no we didn't dream we were just chillin
out last night we're dominoes and and
we're we had dominates and we're just
watching stupid videos we also play
slender do you know I do not enjoy that
mate was it a scary situation Deborah
least vacate this bedroom let's go I've
just finished edited while started
editing the drone video for the main
channels and it's finished off tonight
but we need to go now so I'm just about
to go and get into the car holding my
camera a really awkward angle to a bag
falling off my shoulder there it goes so
I'm just currently on my way to the gym
as I've said but first off I'm going to
a friend's house because she is coming
to the gym with me but she said she's
got a new bed and she wants help like
putting it off for something on taking
her old one down so I'm gonna go help
with that and then we're gonna head off
to the gym just in case you guys didn't
know by the way my vlogs are just in
case you guys didn't know by the way my
vlogs are always uploaded the day after
so today's Monday and this will be a
Tuesday night upload that's how it works
so like it's always the day before which
you guys see pretty much the same with
any other vlogger just clean it up cuz I
had a question in the comments section
and I thought I just answer it look at
all these fancy houses man these are
nice houses oh yeah brilliant brilliant
this is exactly what I wanted tonight
this is exactly what I wanted okay that
clock is an hour fast it's currently 10
to six in the PM and I have literally
just been with her all day which others
fixed a bed for her and then we went to
the gym and then we went to the spa and
it's been a pretty cool session and I've
really enjoyed it and now
no traffic is speeding up a little bit
as you can see here we are driving along
at a steady pace of 32 miles an hour no
you have to do it faster than that look
pass it here ready so this look this is
our passionate today you can when you
can't look at the ball what's that what
are you doing yes I'm Philip your feet
the last five minutes I've been SAT
right here eating so what is it
spaghetti and meatballs and and it was
really really nice considering i haven't
eaten anything all day what have you
been doing today then jacob i live in
with one of my girlfriends making
something making some things you want to
show these guys what you made what you
made them oh you've orange jelly with
actual oranges in it that's really cool
mate or so menu oh you've got loads of
stuff in there oh can I have one there's
a sick hey there may right yeah and
above man about at all yes wait got make
you undergo so I've just finished up a
facetime call with barn and it's
currently 240 am now for the last three
hours I've been editing this which is
the main channel video which I'm going
to be uploading hopefully tomorrow and
is all about the drone and I've got a
little really cool shots i'm trying to
show you guys got within our shoulder
don't know volume for some reason but
yeah it's looking looking pretty snazzy
as you can see it's pretty pretty nice
and i hope you guys are going to enjoy
that over on the main channel look at
this look I can make ourselves look
really scary just do this about I
try and bounce the light off the wall
somehow hey there we go look at that for
a shot that's really nice isn't it how
cool is that right pretty much what i've
done today is as follows i woke up did
some emails then I drove to my friend
Clara's house I helped her dismantle her
bed then we went to the gym then we went
to the spa and then I came home I had
some spaghetti and then I'm pretty much
set on my desk and edited a video for
three hours and now we're here it's
about 230-3 a.m. in the morning so as
you can tell my sleep pattern is
absolutely with lack of better words
shag now I really want to get it sorted
out it's currently as I've said yeah
it's exactly 10 to three in the morning
right now and I've got to get up at nine
in the morning now i'm using the word
got to because i don't have to i could
stay in bed till 12 tomorrow if I wanted
to but now i'm going to say to myself
that I've got to because I do I've got
to sort my out like this isn't good
this is not good what I've done is I've
got them written myself a note and this
note says get in the shower you lazy
pretty much what my plan is is to take
this phone which is my alarm which is
currently dead i'm going to get horrible
battery to charge you overnight what i'm
gonna do is put this piece of paper
actually no scrap that what i'm gonna do
is put this phone in the doorway just
down there and put my alarm on 4 9am so
that way i physically gotta get out of
bed to turn off the alarm on top of the
phone that's gonna be the reminder it's
gonna be this and it's gonna say get in
the shower you lazy hopefully soon as I
drove myself out of bed and I get in the
shower I will just get up and the
scissors about a shower I'm not
obviously going about sleeping shall
wake you up that's the whole point of it
that's why I said get in the shower
because it will just wait meal you guys
don't try to make a few changes to
myself I've got myself Diaries you guys
have seen and I just want to be a bit
more of a role model for you
but as well as creating something for
you guys to watch every day here on this
blog channel I want to become a bit more
of a role model learner and say a bit
more of an example now I appreciate
today's blog hasn't been the most
productive I mean I personally done a
lot of stuff myself in see an old friend
been to the gym with her bloody yadda
yadda yadda yadda but I haven't done
much with this thing my little camera
but I simply because I've been with an
old friend and she's a girl and she's
not going to appreciate me sticking a
camera in effect so every sort of five
seconds that doesn't matter anyway
because I want have a little chat with
you guys I know you guys are on like
half term break now I think you are
anyway and I thought we could take the
opportunity to have a little chat
together now I want to talk about video
ideas for the vlog channel now I did a
video a while back on my main channel
mars bar called rising a swegway whilst
flying the drone and i was a really cool
video and i really enjoy making them if
you guys are thinking of any cool ideas
that we can go out and do in these vlogs
if you want me to go on record slow
motion of something or you want me to go
out and swag roam around somewhere or
you want me to go on do something yeah
did that work whatever you guys want me
to do put a comment down below and I
want you guys to drop you some video
ideas so I can literally title it what
your comment is and then do a video like
do that in the vlog and make them like
more enjoyable and give you guys I won't
even try it with you guys I want you
guys to have an influence on the videos
I make and yes I know a daily vlog is
about what I do in my day-to-day life
but if I can do something that will make
you guys happy or make you guys enjoy it
or its own that you guys really want to
see I just want you to let me know down
in the comments section now as a little
update I'm actually going to start
recording the ultimate office set up for
the main channel on friday this week so
that should be fun and I've got some
really cool sponsors lined up for that
video but for now I hope you guys have
enjoyed today's vlog as I say appreciate
I haven't really done that much in
today's vlog but I wait to get this
little chat out and have a little chat
with with with you guys so yeah thank
you obviously for all of the continuous
support on these videos it really does
mean the world to me that I can do this
thing every day and the funniest thing
is I started out saying like doing this
as a test I started out doing this in a
Christmas time of 2015 and I was like
right guys I'm going to do
blog on blogger for Christmas if you
guys enjoy it then I carry on doing it
and here we are like two months later
and I'm still doing daily videos which
is absolutely ultimate it's something I
never thought I'd ever be doing ever but
it's really really cool so I thank you
guys for the opportunity but for now
mine has been Alex you guys have been
awesome thank you for the view and I
will see you in tomorrow's vlog which
would be a lot better than this one
because we won't be shy and we'll be
doing stuff cool Ali else video and I'll
catch up with you vlog fanatics in a bit
right I have up my desired location just
over there is two motorways that cross
over each other and I think it'd be
really cool to get it on film so I will
the camera in the back let's put you
over to the main channel Oh
