babies like me and my christening fun to
orange in the water please yes please
yes please
yeah that's it cheers thank you
how much is everybody change y'all know
okay that's 230 keep the change
so you know I said I wanted to buy a
diary to organize my life and I've done
that bought myself diary 699 by mass
level design on it should do the job now
today is Valentine's Day and I have
bought someone a Valentine's card now
you may think oh alex has got some balls
sending a girl a card
bloody hell he's got a girlfriend mate
what's going down then if you can tell
I'm still a little bit feeling a bit
weird from last night but no no that's
not the case after all yeah it's not the
case at all I wouldn't give a girl a
Valentine's Day cause even a Valentine's
Day card it literally just says a little
something for you it's for my grandma my
granddad died of cancer around four or
five years ago at the age of a think 65
which is very young
Miranda was a very great man he was a
very positive guy and is where I get a
lot of my positive energy from because I
do have these anger issues I used to
talk to him and he used to help me out
with a lot of different situations and
opened my mind up and make me think
outside the box a little bit more he was
an absolutely incredible man
so obviously cancer took him away four
years ago which is very horrible for all
of our family but what I thought I'd do
was go and buy a Valentine's card for my
grandma and go around and drop it off
and just say happy Valentine's Day to
her because she has no one today
look at how keep a pen in the car not
sure if it works though there we go is
this to Grandma happy Valentine's Day
from Alex as I said this isn't even a
Valentine's card because all the bount
lines cars were gone but just there's a
little something just for you and then
literally just says happy Valentine's
Day inside so yeah right so my grandma's
house is just over there above just a
little bit around the corner from her
house cuz I don't want her to know I'm
here I just want to go and post it and
then leave I don't want to see me I just
want to I just want to go and post it
and then leave and then hopefully have a
think Oh what the hell's this little
guard and then yeah you get the point my
voice is horrible I need to lick this
and I hate looking cards it's the worst
I've do it if I can do it I've wrote
written quite a police don't hurt me I
wrote and grandma on it let's go and
post this matching checks on find
friends which is an app you can get on
iPhones and I've got my family on it so
I can see where they are kindness done
for the day hopeful that's put a smile
on her face
go go make stricking game night up in
the crooks head cause of Mars likewise
smash now game a leak and now wiped out
the Xbox Toby's always been a bit of
color Jerry I'm waiting waiting for mine
to update and we've got the League MLG
 going on up there
got my foots out gonna fish it off now
they are another double so I've gone
ahead and ordered a cheeky little
dominoes pilots off the liver and hasn't
arrived yet and I need ASAP because I'm
starving
I have secured the package Toby it's all
been secured ready to go here we go look
The Mighty Mouse back on it again every
single weekend tabs got is there what's
on yours pineapple pineapple and ham
you've gone from a planet from the
harmful play so these are the pieces
that's the mighty Mars if you type it in
on the what's it called the pizza legend
Pizza legend thing it will actually give
you this exact pizza and Scott stuff
crisp and stuff which is really cool
means ever just chilling though now it's
like almost 1:00 in the morning just
watching the year with licious been
watching this league game which is
pretty sick it's really bloody like who
is winning
tip tip tips winning Toby Wright Toby
has never played slender before like any
apps you hate supplies they honestly
absolutely hate it
I've managed to persuade him to play me
let me make it easier for you and tell
you that you don't actually see them
until you get the first page just click
it I think left click oh oh here we go
may see how you used to play it all the
time then you've got two pages now it's
gonna be getting worse and I just
 pressed escape
how are we all doing my name is Alex and
today is day two well day two for me of
going out and taking the drone and
making the main channel video
