after you guys how are we all doing my
name is alex and today is day two well
day two for me of going out and taking
the drone and making the main channel
video so I've got all of the drone stuff
down here but I run into a few problems
with the drone yesterday whilst I was
filming as you can see here this isn't
attached I don't if you guys can see but
it's not attached right there the little
little rubber stopper actually ripped
off while I was trying to do a bit of
trouble shooting yesterday which is
really frustrating but there's nothing I
can do about it now other than go out
and fly it like it is and just make the
most of it so let's go out first office
a few things that I really need to do
today and one of those things is going
to the shop it's by a Valentine's card I
need to buy a new air freshener I need
to buy die rinks and wanting up a life
sign out and I need to buy some other
stuff as well so I need to get that done
I'm just uploaded yesterday's vlog and
need to upload the tech flow video and
put it live for tonight which I will do
and is here look a little upgrade look
how good that looks like a bit right so
I think I found the place as to where
I'm gonna go and fly the drone today so
now I'm going to do is hand myself over
to this camera down here and start
recording the rest of the main channel
video I'll catch up with you blog
fanatics in a bit right I have up my
desired location just over there is two
motorways that cross over each other and
I think it'd be really cool to get it on
film so I will the camera in the back
let's switch over to the main channel
hopefully you guys are going to enjoy
the main channel video just finish the
video on the main channel finished up
flying anyway so I'm going to put the
key in here my hands are absolutely
frozen I've literally got two bars of
petrol left so i'm going to go it's like
a petrol station right here so will it
go and fill her up and then get us up to
the office
sick five please you asking change
Oh bollocks okay p severe case of my
phone please have it on my phone please
have it on my phone hey right now gotta
take all of this stuff you guys can even
see it way too safe no don't leave all
this stuff Oh says all right lock me out
again got to take it all the way
upstairs and this is the lobby of this
office by the way and it's absolutely
awesome also packages that arrive of the
office that is so cool man then I right
surface this is done feels so real high
school this is a really cool ipad mini
case that sgm sent me oh cool so
this is a couple called Adam and Beth
I'm not sure if my camera's going to
focus there we go and they own a company
called team tone fitness pretty much
right if u infinity
I'm going to drop the huge account down
below they don't get many fees in the
videos i'm sure they'd really appreciate
you guys going over but if you're in to
fitness and you want to like get tips or
see how to do certain things would work
out home they've got loads of videos on
my hands they're trying to do like well
on youtube and stuff and i think the
video is absolutely awesome that dummy
it comes to workout plan and recipe some
awesome team to engage absolutely
beautiful and it's gonna be a truly as
well look out all right so drop the link
in the description if you guys want to
get some fitness tips head over onto the
each channel because i'm sure then
really appreciate it but as you can see
we've got the secret door there and
these things i'm going to go on the war
one this city good haha way site so you
can climb up the zebra room how cool is
that also as we pull up bar one that's
going to go there these are my legs or
my new desk
build myself and yeah so these things
are going on more like this of the wall
so you can actually get the secret room
I'm happy with in this longer one here
this one's going to be the pull-up bar
so i'm going to either mount it like
that i'm not sure you guys let me know
like that or like that i'm not sure
which way is gonna be best you guys
crave and see there you go or it could
even go on this side i'm not sure bright
so today's Saturday I've got a meeting
in five minutes so I need to get that
meeting now and I need to push off so
I'll catch up with you guys afterwards
hello mate good brilliant look at this
fancy house man meetings until so I've
just got back from my meeting you went
really well thank you very much for
asking and now I'm going to the pub it's
some family friends yay okay
I remember saying at the start of
today's vlog I wanted to go to the shop
and buy three things and I failed to do
that I it really pisses me off really
annoys because I'm had to use the word
fail in that sentence I needed to do
something today and I'm quite clearly
failed to do it now I'm going to go do
those things tomorrow but I need to sort
of stick to my word a little bit more
with these things if I'm gonna do
something I need to do something I need
to do it and not put other things before
it i need to get my time management
sorted and need to get myself a diary so
we're gonna go do that tomorrow I'm
gonna call tomorrow's vlog sorting my
life out and we're gonna get us off
diary get all the things I need from the
shop come back I'm gonna write all the
things that need to do in my diary and
that also includes video ideas that I
guess often physically write them down
and put dates on when I'm gonna record
them so that I can physically set a day
aside saying I'm busy today because I'm
recording a video now my productive
board over here is awesome I've got
video ideas on there I've got a little
video ideas but there's no dates on
there and I want something where I can
look up with our own I can say right
today I'm filming this video that's on
the board license the diary isn't to
replace the board it's to make me do
things in the day and also I thought
it'd be really cool because why I could
actually do with the diary is plan
little adventures for these vlogs so i
could say right on tuesday we're gonna
go out exploring and we're going to take
the drone and we're gonna have a good
time wednesday i'm going to be it with
jaden we're going to go somewhere for
the vlog so it will make more structure
to these vlogs if that makes sense them
it can do some more fun stuff because
who doesn't like fun stuff which is
exactly why i'm going out tonight I what
kind of staying but if you buy it out so
why not so James May oh my video may I
hey there since I just babies extreme
low and this made some too awesome fancy
I ow my Alex mr. Marlowe guys
conquers I want to be on your blog man
are you gonna visit me he's on the blog
so a lot of you guys have us twisted
video when I'm actually you know what
with it won't be a nice word for it
rights to the woods intoxicated is
intoxicated isn't it so sad so sad you
Sharma has very kindly invited me about
his tonight you sleep he's a good lad
you knows exactly what it's doing with
how did the MC tonight and we've really
enjoyed it lazy if you're watching all
of you and also Tobias so many of you
guys out tonight so I really appreciate
that but I'm gonna end the vlog here so
hopefully you guys have enjoyed it if
you have a like Britain would be awesome
and I'm shower set marys yeah I am very
intoxicated right now so hopefully you
guys are cool with that I usually do an
end screen but you guys want to get but-
blights you guys have been awesome and
i'll see you in my next video adios
tokyo click do a little click wait i
want to hopefully really cool to watch
on your guys pass so there's no reason
why I shouldn't do them other than the
weather just being absolutely awful
which it may have been recently for
Carse a stone your ring you want to do a
clicks oh gee mr. Singh a trick to Ezra
click what three two one
