right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome back to another
video I'm calling it and I'm calling it
right now today today is the day I'm
doing it today I don't care what anyone
says we're going to do it today what the
hell are we doing today you might ask
well I've been going to take the drone
out for such a long time been bad
weather there's been excuses there's
been me falling asleep I've had enough
of it we're gonna do it today Jed is in
the bathroom right now I think and
imagine what is what he's doing I mean
why else would it be in the bathroom
with the door locked but yes I'm gonna
go and take the drone out today the ipad
is over there and the skies are looking
or right light it's not bad and it's not
amazing but the best part about it is
look at this tree okay see it's not
moving at all there's no wind and that
is exactly what we need when we're
flying the drone no wind hopefully we
can get some cool shots now a plan for
the main channel is to do a two-day
shoot so today with the drone and I'm
also going to go out tomorrow and get
some shots as well and then I'm just
going to put it together and hopefully
try and make an awesome main channel
video for people to watch we're finished
to finish doing your business mate you
finish doing your business you finish
your dodgy business the Doge your
business gonna go film some ting tings
so this is my main channel vlogging rig
for my mars bar channel we've got the
road Mike we've got the 60 ml lens a7s
with a gorillapod looks absolutely
beastly look at that now obviously drove
videos are really fun and really cool to
make and edit and hopefully really cool
to watch on your guys part so there's no
reason why I shouldn't do them other
than the weather just being absolutely
awful which it may have been recently
rafa car say it's only raining all the
top on the bed
every time right so we're now currently
in the car on the way to go and film
with dro when you try and get to the
secret location which we have found on
google maps may yet have put our brains
together we found this place on google
maps and we think it's fairly close to
the train line that we want to film
trains in about an hour so we've got an
hour to get there gets the help get the
drone in the air and video the train
come in and the worst part about it is
is I'll have one shock and if I mess it
up then I've messed it up that's it like
one shot man right please try and get
over this wall fence thing here or from
atop over and scout the area alright
let's put the stuff there so then what
we can do is lift it over nothing when
we're ready you take this okay you're
gonna post
right okay fall
that camera
meetings right Jess go try and go over
Conger mate there we go areas and let's
look at the thing hey area it's so good
look at this be made this pause a sec
cuz she thick that's amazing maybe we
gonna have some insane shot I so sketchy
down there though
yeah two of literally just come from
over there at me well if you're over
there and we're now on this log bridge
this is so cool so weird the train track
that we want to get to is just over
there I think you walk down here jump
over this little fence and there right
now don't if you can hear me right now
but essentially what the finest today is
Ali's going to go grab the drain at
least is trying to settle to grow and
we're on a few bit of problems with it
but while he's doing that I'm gonna get
some slow-motion shots with this camera
right here which directs 100 month for I
think and yeah so let's give me sick
the jury
right so we've got a shot off the train
me and jennifer has been stood up there
I think with photos with our phones of
the trains and stuff this has been an
awesome little adventure isn't it pretty
cool game very dark though now we make
it a weekly thing just going on a little
bit of an exploration right now to see
if there's any easier way to get some
shots of the train because i think the
shot i got was a little bit off so this
is a train line right here he's up
surgery
was it going
which into my phone camera now because
of love my other cover down there we
found a sick way up onto the train line
but this is very very very dodgy and a
little bit weird I feel like this
cameras we're not we're not going to
risk going onto the train line it is
just risk of mewar there's really no
point in doing it but things like that
you really have to work the pros and the
cons like yet be cool to go up there and
get a photo but is that a photo really
worth maybe please getting involved with
trespassing on a train line not really
alright see you next week then it all a
little bit boom boom see you mate and I
think they were all right actually oh
that's hot so guys I have cooked this
masterpiece looks a bit share the moment
cuz i'm like halfway through it gonna
finish mistake in a second catching up
on a little bit of a syndicate project
here on the TV guys i've got some
awesome news a company I've just got in
contact with me instead they want me to
promote their give me a second okay so
put on my screen now proudly they're
giving away 10 swag weighs 10 smugglers
just giving them away and so the message
asking if I wanted to let you guys know
that they're giving them away and I know
there's a few of you people out there
the bread and water swegway because
you've seen my videos and stuff on them
so I'm going to put a link in the
description but i'm going to show you
guys how to enter let me show you guys
so make sure you go ahead and click on
the link in the description and it's
going to take you to this page and then
I think you just scroll down yet so this
is the giveaway here and you can do all
of these different things and each one
will count as an entry you can do these
things you can even make a video why you
should win in our cows 10 entries as I
said there's tents work ways to give
away they're giving away 10 of these bad
boys so if you guys are interested as I
say the link is in the description go
check out who the hell would argue with
a free swegway that's mental
this is Laura that it looks oh
you boo there we go so considering i go
up at about 1pm today it's been quite
productive my voice is really good yeah
I've done quite a bit of stuff today
well me and Jed how we've got a tech
float video done which I need to render
out and get it uploaded for tomorrow
we're not on flow the drone and move out
a little adventure which was really cool
so I do hope you guys have enjoyed
today's blog if you have our crating
would be absolutely awesome and you know
what I'm gonna ask for something I'm
gonna ask that if you guys have got one
friend one friend that you think might
enjoy the vlogs drop them a link to the
channel because it will be awesome to
get some of your guys friends on board
and then you guys can discuss what we do
in the videos and we can all have a
massive team discussion about what
videos to do on here what you want me to
do it is dating flogs and bloody yadda
yadda yadda yadda you guys get the point
but nevertheless I hope you guys have
enjoyed minus blacks you guys have been
awesome and i'll see you in my next
video adios a strange place to start a
vlog however we're going to the good old
premium reseller to pick up my snapchat
phones pretty much what you saw right
signature and
