a strange place to start a vlog however
we're going to the good old premium
reseller to pick up my snapchat phones
pretty much used for autograph thank you
our favorite youtuber so I was like we
don't know the last like month or
snapchat phone back so snap Joe's gonna
be a go again it's gonna be the line
about Europe
hey so I'm just gonna chat stop in the
Lincoln today to pick up jet so how'd ya
know I just want to say something for a
quick second take a look at this guy
here that's Jen the reason I'm saying
that is because he edits tech flow
videos so from now on I'm not going to
use the phrase my editor I'm going to
use the word Jen so when I say Jed's I'm
talking about this guy so I think today
obviously pick up dead and to pick up my
work phone which you guys saw last week
that I broke on a night out which is a
shape they managed to fix it for me and
I bought myself a case for it so
hopefully for dropping it won't break so
now the snapchats can continue you don't
have me on snapchat check in the
description and add me there's a post so
yeah you know I'm gonna be my Mackey's
bursts and then we'll open these parcels
and see what we've got inside I'm not
sure what's inside this one and what's
inside this one by the horse inside this
one yeah if you mean it with the leather
strap on top two tweeters do service
- let's see what we've got inside this
bad boy I'm fine I think I know what's
inside this one this is I believe and I
went for more aesthetics than quality
guys speakers that come in little bags
look how cool these are what the hell
guys look at these things they're just
in from the future and they sound the
same each other to sound Isis this we've
got jet over there and we've got this
nice scenic view my car is just parked
there you're getting some b-roll for the
top 5 that we're doing this week yes
finally we're doing the top 5 top 5 deck
of the week for tech flow this week and
in the top 5 we've got this little
camera that I'm vlogging with right now
which is the rx100 mark 5 no mark 4
we've got the moment lenses for my phone
which moment sent out to me we've got
the gimbal which you guys saw in
yesterday's vlog the gimbal that look at
this I get to jump over this boom we've
got the gimbal for the iPhone which you
guys saw in yesterday's vlog and we've
also got a logitech harmony and is there
anything else I feel like from this
something all right yeah are you doing
nice to meet you oh really
I appreciate that man a nice car
so here's Jared just set up the main
camera or the a camera and we've got the
edifice speaker down here which we've
just unbox today and it's definitely
going in our top five because it's
freaking awesome is it yet it is insane
this is like the perfect b-roll shot
like scenic place it's so nice so we're
just on this dock right now we've filmed
that well Jed has and I've got some
b-roll with this little gimbal thing
awesome little backstory and it really
makes me happy where I'm supposed again
really makes me happy when I meet you
guys I just met a little geezer called
Bradley's play with this remote control
car I came over news like you Alex from
YouTube I've been watching from half a
year and I was like yeah and we had
photos and following each other on
Instagram
and it's just awesome so Chad's Bradley
seen that school mate back in bold you
like it so I'm just I'm just taking a
break from work for a second to get
round just see come on granddad and my
mum well is this stupid things gone to
webmail alright okay I'm off I'll see
you on Tuesday
I'm ready to go except it won't to do
yeah so I'll see you on Tuesday yeah
yeah okay so grandad see mum
so we have just finished recording the
b-roll for the products the five
products that were using in the top five
and we've actually actually natales call
this top five I'm gonna call it the
Black Edition because every single
product in it is black so if you come
this way this is the setup but it was
the same setup as every week so I'm not
gonna go through it but just look at
that black piece hello and welcome to
the show my name is Alex and this is
tech flame we finished anyway I thought
I'd make you guys even speak then it's
half past 2:00 in the a.m. and yeah we
finished the end it will just finish
their day I've been smashing out a
little bit Guitar Hero getting on Jeff's
nerves with the Whitney what noise what
noise does it make well noise reserve
guitar gong
yes unless you just trying to be editing
at the desk and I'm just there behind in
black it squeaking about look at this
were a perfect meal to go upstairs and
watch a little bit of mighty boosh got
ourselves a penguin nice glass of water
to wake up with in the morning because I
just feel crappy but I have water soon
as a wake up and then a cheeky bit of
toast what you're a what you're rock
your mate bit so it skips to the
cupboard yeah some water some water I
simple keep a nice clean and paint my
family penguin I would literally hand
this over to you right you ready for
this oh yeah I'm just gonna hand this
over to you holida
and the vloggers I would end it as if
you mean analog as if I was yeah
obviously say J so a little bit of a
switch up on the end on here hope you
enjoy today's vlog my name's Ben Jed
this guy's been Alex he's done a little
bit on this video not a lot I've done
most of it but yeah well I will catch
you in the next one enjoy good morning
guys how are we all doing my name is
Alex and I was having a great day up
until about five minutes ago literally
just arrived in Jo is better outro Wow
comment below
