listen to this I want to start this
video out on on to negative notes and
then the rest of the via positive ever
put a promise
so floating around on Twitter recently
if you haven't noticed has been a video
of a mum videoing what looks like their
kid and I'm not gonna overload the video
it was this kid and he was in absolute
tears because he was being bullied at
school the bullies were making fun of
him and only gonna sit here and say I
was bullied at school at the same level
that a lot of people are now because I
wasn't people used to take the mick out
of me at school for doing YouTube videos
and I'm planning to buy my first house
it's mad and a bob about material
malarkey I'm very happy in my own life
and where I am right now on those people
that were bullying me probably on but
guys I just want you to remember this
when people hurt you over and over think
of them as sandpaper and yes the scratch
may hurt you a little bit but in the end
you'll be polished up and they'll be
absolutely useless
come on in guys how are you all doing my
name is of course Alex guys and welcome
back to another daily vlog I hope you
all are ok regardless of the bullies
guys rise above them be better than them
I live in what's called the East
Midlands here in England and it was said
on the news over the last couple of days
that the East Midlands was going to be
absolutely bombarded we didn't get any
snow we go we got some snow but it's now
twelve o'clock in the afternoon and it's
just stalled it's just all gone just put
down four flagship smartphones on the
desk and no not the fact that I was so
happy earlier that there was snow and
then just like that all disappeared
what sunny menthol is you guys it's
Sunday I'm just walking to the office
from the carpark to the office I still
find it mental
but people want our photos with me I'm
just a weird guy it happens a lot but
every time it makes me smile right I
want to talk phones with you guys but
before phones QT so last summer I sat
down with you guys in this video and I
told you guys that I was opening up a
new company and a lot of people watch
this video because every youtuber opens
of a company that's a big deal and QT
was and still is a big deal so the
cutest team if I we've created this QT
all about gaming and we want your guys
thoughts and opinions on gaming so what
I'm gonna go ahead and do is drop the
link down there in the description and
all you guys have got to do is write in
that QT what you think the state of
gaming is right now and where you think
is going on what you think's happen to
it if you think it's okay or so the
first prize for the best comment
the QT is going to be an xbox one X the
second prize is then going to be a ps4
pro followed by a gtx 1070 graphics
cards so there's going to be three
prizes for the three best comments and
it doesn't stop there because it's
Christmas the person that shares the
Cutie the most ie on Facebook and on
Twitter who do you want to give away not
an actual physical prize but a 200 pound
or $250 Amazon gift card for you to
spend on what you want so yes guys there
you go and to answer your further
questions no this wasn't a paid
sponsorship I own part of QT like I own
it this is the iPhone X I've used the
iPhone apps as my personal phone for the
past well ever since it was really now a
lot of people since then have been
saying Alex what do you think of the
iPhone X it's such a brand new device
please can you give me your honest
thoughts and opinions now other people
have made videos about the iPhone X
however these other people well come on
are they really the most trustworthy
like they have partners with like
Samsung and loads of different companies
like they could be being paid to say a
lot of these different things that
they're saying so just to get this clear
I've used a lot of Android phones in my
past I have since then and always been a
pixel user
I love the pixel eye I'm really like
I've used and still owning Nokia 8 and I
have used a one full of spy
so how does the iPhone 8 feel in
comparison it feels very very premium
holding this thing in the hand it feels
like you are holding something that is
expensive and whether that's a plus for
you or up down side to you I like it it
has a really good way to it it's a nice
size for me the one thing I'm going to
talk about though is the knotch
personally I think people that say the
knotch gets in the way are just chatting
absolutely the only nitpick I can have
with the notch is that it takes away
some of the icons that I could
appear but Apple could fix this with a
software update to allow me to
interchange the icons up here for
example on previous iPhones if you were
to enable such features as Do Not
Disturb or rotation lock you will get an
annotation in your status bar saying
that these features are enabled not on
the iPhone X or you get is battery
signal and Wi-Fi but there's the notch
get in the way no no it doesn't one
thing however this is annoying is apps
the on updated and yes again this can be
fixed with software so physically when
an app like my mail app fills up the
whole screen the screen is actually
bigger than the old plus model however
with an app that isn't updated the
string is the same size as a normal
small iPhone and that is not what I want
most of the apps I use have been updated
however if you are coming from a plus
phone or a bigger phone like the pixel
I'd wait a little bit longer till all
the apps update now you see how on these
phones the screen is pretty much a
square it's a square ends the square on
the iPhone X you see that the screen
follows down the curvature of the phone
and goes round and this really does make
for an immersive experience when looking
at your device when you are either on a
web page scrolling through texts
scrolling down all of your email having
used all of these phones myself I put
the iPhone X's screen closer to that of
the curved screen of the Samsung galaxys
than the pixel 2 or the older iPhone or
for any other iPhone this screen is
really really nice and of course most
things you do on your phone off scroll
based anyway in the portray orientation
so having all of this space is
absolutely gorgeous face ID check in 3 2
1 it's exactly the same as unlocking
your phone
fingerprint putting in a passcode it
works a few little things the camera on
this phone is good that the pixel camera
is better and that's for everything by
the way video photos and the portrait
mode speakers on the iPhone X are really
really good but so with the speakers on
other phones now the gestures with the
phone can be quite a little bit annoying
and hard to get used to but once you get
used to it it's fairly self expression
of what I'm trying to say is this is a
good phone but this is also a good phone
and the older iPhones a good phone you
know each phone has its downfalls no
wireless charging the portrait cameras a
little bit fiddly doesn't have a
fingerprint scanner every every phone
has its downfalls what I would say is
this if you are primarily an iPhone user
and you are getting bored of Apple's
shoddy innovation I would go for an
iPhone X it's something new it's
something fresh and it's something fun
and still when you pull it out of your
pocket even two months later people go
whoa is that an iPhone X can I touch it
can I hold it and if you're an Android
user and you're baked into the Android
operating system but you wanted to come
over to iOS for some reason go for the X
because you will be disappointed with
anything lower than the air these are
now very bog-standard phones these
aren't good this is the new iOS king if
this wasn't available to buy I would be
a full time Android user
doing pubs in the doesn't see me oh yeah
well you wanted you wanted to show
people on the camera what it is you made
some gingerbread for the marzipan do you
mean for the marzipan is there sig but
actually Orson Jacob has just run off
upstairs he's asked me to come and play
fever with him unfortunately I can't
I am super impressed with his
gingerbread man though these are awesome
I've come back a quick snack
unfortunately I'm not allowed to eat
these yet because of writing they're not
ready but unfortunately I can't go and
play fifa with jacob because grandma
rang me earlier and she said to me Alex
I'm struggling because I'm so sure to
put the lights around the Christmas tree
so I'm gonna go around and help grandma
but while I'm there I'm gonna shock her
to high hell with the new exhaust this
well I think this is gonna be really
funny
come on listen to this
have fun decorating your tree that's a
very nice tree you've got that sweet
guys all back from grandmas her
Christmas tree is all installed and I
really really hope I manage to get her
on film crapping herself when she heard
my car for the first time honestly guys
the exhaust system is meant honestly the
video does not do it justice it's
painfully loud that thing
spits flames right then guys I'm gonna
go ahead and end today's daily vlog here
I really do hope you have enjoyed it
guys and if you have be sure to drop it
a massive light racing right down there
just below the video next to that if you
haven't already be sure to hit that
subscribe button and if you are
subscribed turn on the bell so you know
when I upload every day that might get
quite annoying though but some are guys
Monday brand new week brand new week for
opportunities less absolutely smashing
yet again guys bigger and better things
every week and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog adios
