good morning guys how are we all doing
my name is alex and i was having a great
day up until about five minutes ago
literally just arrived back from a
certain chicas house and i got a call I
got a call from David loin which is my
old gym I went to the gym at david lloyd
last year i was a member there
apparently is in their terms of service
that if you don't want to renew the year
after if you don't want to renew your
membership you have to let the vote
three months in advance and apparently
if you don't let them know that you
don't want to know three months time you
have to pay 261 pounds so I've just got
to pay 261 pounds because I didn't tell
them that I was gonna freakin cancel my
membership watch gear three months
before also gonna go and the worst part
is I probably would still renew my
membership if I hadn't moved house the
reason that didn't renew the membership
is because I've moved house since last
year and I'm just waited far away from
the gym I'm just too far away from it I
was close enough to fall that was funny
I've moved past now and I'm too far away
i paid 271 pounds however much they
asked me to pay a ridiculous amount of
money i do if I've just been ripped off
or played or something well I literally
don't know if I've just been totally
ripped off by someone who just phoned me
up and maybe they're bullshitting I
don't even oh wow but a conference call
at two o'clock today so in four minutes
I'm absolutely starving and I haven't
written any information down about this
conference call I don't even know what
I'm going to say so I've got my phone
here ready to answer it as soon as it
comes in but for now I'm going to cook
this and try and think about what I'm
gonna say in my short space of five
minutes
is just like really irritating and
annoying though I was having such a good
about having such a good like time or
this morning and all today none of us
tonight and now i'm just pissed off and
it's just not cool actually now I'm fine
I'm fine it doesn't matter I don't care
it was my fault learn from your mistakes
holy holy holy right Alex
stay calm stay calm stay calm right LMAO
right yeah if it is the easiest way for
me to explain it to you all the way the
way that they will the players would
like to use would be to pretty much in
the game this season's so the game
physically changes how how you play it
and each season it's like a TV show of
that make sense that means the
characters that you play they they
change so you have to play them
differently now that is where all the
online talk comes in people saying how
do you play the new character in the new
season what cabs are the best in this
season and that is where really shine
for the good legends know where is the
matter what cause hearing from you on
Friday thank you very by my right bye
whoa okay I'm fine I'm finished I've
finished my conference oh I'm a very
nervous person and I'm also a very
uneducated person as far as business
goes talk to me about technology I'll
blow your socks off but if it's anything
else number one a white dyslexic and I
just can't speak properly and I start to
stutter when I don't know what's going
on I'm the conference call to someone
like this is a big deal for me so as I
mentioned in yesterday's video I said
we're gonna open these packages down
here I've got another one here which is
really annoying it says on it ah since
their apologies and it says they may
have damaged what's inside of it which
is really annoying I've also got another
parcel which I need to go and collect
with this little thing from the post
office because I wasn't in yesterday to
collect it ourselves in London so I'm
going to go and collect that now
and then we'll come back and do some
package opening things guys guess what
yum spray pain this is apparently the
one that's broken which isn't broken
it's fine oh no way that's so cool it's
a gimbal that holds your phone and makes
it steady imagine this head with the
moment lenses that I've got whoa last
one these are just words of these things
that's quite cool actually okay so all
this stuff this these discs and this
will all add up when you guys see those
poles down there pretty much those poles
attach onto these things and I've got
like angle brackets I've got wall
brackets and what I'm doing is these are
gonna be I'm going to build the legs or
the other legs for my chair not share
for my desk in the office and I'm also
going to build a pull-up bar and I'm
also going to build a set of floating
ladders on that wall that goes up into
the secret room so that should be pretty
cool I'm gonna build it out of this now
these and this are to cut the pipes
downstairs to cut them to length and
this is to spray paint the pipes a bit
of a darker color yeah you see I want I
want them gunmetal like that I want a
bit darker like that as you can see a
Chinese company actually sent this out
to me I'll drop a link to it in the
description it's called the z1 smooth
sea as you can see haha is this a 3-axis
handheld stabilization gimbal so nice
gimme oh wow this is cool look at this
oh Jesus is heavy oh wow I'm not sure
why I little gimbal thing isn't working
I've brought the batch time charge I'm
thinking that it might be the battery
is that are dead but what I thought I
could do is today look look at the liver
look out under exco expose I'm going to
go now look because it's so sunny
outside I thought what I wanted to have
been envisioning a shot with the drone
right but in beating this shop and just
imagine a train just going down the
track and then the drone just following
the train and slowly going up so what
I'm thinking of doing is actually taking
the drone right now to the train station
waiting for a train to come and then
following the train with the drone just
to get this really cool shot Bob having
my brother know I've been thinking about
the Sharks just been in my brain oh no I
wanted to take the drone out right I
thought wow I'm gonna have a little
lie-down 45 minutes you guys know I was
out last night wasn't at my own house
last night I was at someone else's house
so therefore I didn't get much sleep at
all I thought wrong a little five minute
nap I'm just working on can this is like
a seven o'clock like you just woke it up
than the drone each its own you working
on next or gimbal give all right so I've
put the batteries in it and obviously
just put them on charge so let's see now
if it's gonna work properly trying to
this 100 gotta press the button on the
bottom oh yeah and the blue lights come
on and then you wait for it to flash I
read the instructions and then what you
do is you press that button and hold it
down oh no it's broke oh oh it works
that doesn't see what oh my god I've
just put it into video mode on my phone
and I'm literally just holding it on
this right let's switch to the phone
footage now right guys we are now on the
phone let's go to this guitar and see
how smooth it is on here go up no
freaking way this thing is just slightly
mental right so I've got my phone in
this thing oh my god oh my god that is
slightly insane isn't it a bit a bit
trippy to watch
imagine it's been really trippy to watch
wait a minute let me get on the well I
can't show you guys I can't let you
can't shout if I do that but I'm on the
ninebot look really boo boom arm and
this is C right let's speed down the
hallway and see if it picks up any bumps
and CEO Steve it's like really steady
where I'm gonna keep my hand still ready
3 2 1 wow you ready again look 3 2 1
this is so cool so you're probably
thinking Alex what the heck are you
doing and while these here these have
been cut to length these poles here have
been cut off the ends of these ones and
these are the exact length for my desk
legs for the new office they've
everything you know is why the hell are
using scaffolding legs for your new desk
and yeah that would be a little bit odd
however I'm spray painting them the
scaffolding legs in this gun metal gray
so hopefully you should look a little
bit better and why I've got sunglasses
on inside all because I don't have any
safety goggles and these like the best
things I could find so I don't get
sparks in my eye but I want to record me
cutting this last poll in slow motion
the thing I absolutely love about doing
doing it all like this way is the fact
that when it's all done and it's all in
place you'll know that you've done it
all yourself you built it all yourself
and there's a real sense of
accomplishment when you have that
feeling guys are you happy are you proud
I did it just put in the gym you guys
know I've had a really bad arm these
last few like weeks and I've been in the
gym finally managed to get myself back
in there only doing lightweights
obviously I don't want to reinjure
myself but when absolutely fine so
hopefully I'm going tomorrow got myself
a cheeky Apple but I'm we're in today's
vlog here hope you guys have enjoyed my
night you guys have been awesome and are
they gonna go to the office tomorrow so
yeah we'll do that tomorrow but for now
I love you and have a good tonight or
rest of your evening anyhow hey guys I'm
going to London today my train is in
about 25 minutes and i'm still at home i
need to get going as soon as possible
