Oh guys I'm going to London today my
train is in about 25 minutes and I'm
still at home I need to get going as
soon as possible
so let's go oh I think I've got a parcel
I've got a parcel for a moment it's for
moment I'm taking this with me I'm not
usually one for rushing around by I'm
seriously late right now I need to be
the train station in about 20 minutes
just have another parcel come here don't
know what the hell this is but I've got
a parcel in my bag and I'm pretty sure
it's got an M on it and that means a
moment so you guys will see what I mean
in a sec
hey theory called the gate train there's
the change station I need to find
somewhere to park right I think I think
I made just got enough time to get off
the train station get my tickets and get
on this freakin train to London I've got
my laptop with me so I'm going to edit
yesterday's vlog on the train and then
upload it on 4G so hopefully I can get
in today's vlog up today as well as go
to London and record a vlog for you guys
today
that's why do every single day anyway
think is this train I've made it onto
the train myself my own little private
table not too shabby
no it's not yes it is
oh my god literally couldn't be any more
perfect a day in London with a moment
lens attached to my phone Wow look how
beefy the lens is though and the whole
entire case on my phone is absolutely
insane
look at that lens it's incredible
I appreciate that thank you very much
yeah thank you very much thank you
cheers thank you all right so we are
gonna go to the bow gonna put a liner
and go to common garden and then wait
you guys watch this this is sick who's
gonna is it gonna work we're gonna get
in the chief go meet Rob Ryan let's do
this
samiches quit coffee stop while we wait
for Ryan
the question is Jami rocky road or
caramel short cake here doesn't it
so just come off like a fifteen-minute
thun thun thun thun just come up a 15
minute Tube journey and we are at where
are we so we couldn't try to find a
place now to get some food because we're
all very hungry especially
zzs menus looking pretty good she'll
heal diseases then I'm Jackie she'll
call
let's do it guys I just got Jack on
camera you said come from Shai drop
light right now every time I come
diseases I always have a pizza rustic
and it has to be good old Sophia
what'd you change hit me so you guys
know this lends to my but this Amin of
the lens as well so this one is the
wide-angle lens it's great for like wide
shots and vlogging and stuff and this
one is apparently a 60 mil lens as to
where you can buy consume in a little
bit which is this one it's significantly
bigger than the other one so let's put
this one on and see what it looks like
from the cameras point of view it's a
really cool mechanism actually to put
there to put it on actually I'll say now
I can't get it on now right there we go
the 60 mil is on and it's huge man
massive so here we go as you can see
we've got some snapchats from jet but
we've got the 60 ml lens on here so
let's see what it sees when we go into
the camera oh my god it's so sumed in oh
no way look about safe that is what the
camera can see on my phone with a 60 ml
lens on and that is what the view is
normally so it's like proper zoomed into
that table come on that's mine beautiful
beautiful mate thank you very much look
at that beast you see this alright the
group backgrounds movie my husband
removing well it's magic
go to the top of this place look at the
view look at the view
Wow
so I've just got back from London and it
is the 9th of February today and it
wouldn't be right if I didn't flip a
pancake so let's do it in slow motion
literally all I do is cake it sugar and
lemon and just roll it up like this wait
I'm a conduit 100 oh no there give it a
little roll in like that and then just
eat it like a sausage baby I've got some
parcels I'm not going to open them now
I'm going to open them in tomorrow's
video I'm going to open this one because
I know what this is
would you haven't bought well of tennety
for them but they're my own my own
clothing brand some of the designs that
I don't have so that they're simple
designs with the with the M on them just
a black one and a white one so let's
take a second to talk about these lenses
that I've got for my phone from moment I
want you guys to be able to see me so it
came with a case which is the moment
case as you guys can see here and they
do numerous accessories is this is the
way to like attach the lens to your
phone you can either get a full blown
case or you can just get like a sticky
pad that goes in the back of your phone
which you screw the lens into the reason
I went with the case is because it has
the shutter button on it so the case
actually connects bluetooth to your
phone you can half press the shutter to
pull focus and you can pull press it to
take the photo so it's like a proper
phone and then this is my favorite lens
that I got I got two lenses I believe
it's a 60 mil lens which is a bit of a
telephoto zoom lens and this is the
wide-angle 80 believe it's an 18 not yet
18 millimeter lens and pretty much all
you do is you click it on hope my
phone's the wrong way around you clack
it on the back like so give it a little
twist II and the lens is on like that
now see London today as you guys have
seen it and I've managed to take some
pretty cool photos I took that one I
took that one and I took that one
so there is some pretty cool photos I've
managed to pull with this lens and it is
super super wide and super good quality
yes moment did send these lenses out to
me to show you guys and I think they're
absolutely incredible obviously
incredible things come with an
incredible price tag that's all I'll say
about a hundred percent if any of you
are like wholeheartedly into photography
and you absolutely love it like you
Photography is your thing and you love
to take photos then I wanted to percent
recommend those they are absolutely
insane
it also means now that if this little
camera this lot boy that I'm using right
now about a recorder my vlogs with if
that ever dies or runs out of power if
I'm anywhere and I don't have like a
charger for it I can just start flock
over my phone because the vlog quality
with this big wide angle lens on will be
very acceptable for my daily vlogs but
that's gonna be it for today guys - but
Alex you guys have been awesome and if
you've enjoyed the video please the like
rating would be absolutely awesome and
drop a comment down below of what you
thought the video I'd love to hear your
thoughts what's going through your head
right now of the last however long this
video is tell me what you thought about
I'd love to know and I'll see you in
tomorrow's video well we'll open those
packages together any else yeah my
favorite Apple so the guys do it goes to
their website every day and grabs the
price that's incredible zzz hoipe debate
right say guys what's going on my name
is Alex and welcome back to another
video just finished up all my emails but
today actually that's a lie
