good morning guys welcome to minds
Sunday
Biff Sunday lunch with the family oh
great yeah what a family if is left
without me what the hell yes sick
my family is on point best family ever I
appreciate it guys thank you good
morning guys how are we all doing my
name is Alex and welcome back to another
daily vlog well yeah just on this little
short walk to this pub it's very windy
which is really annoying it's such a
nice day I could have taken the drone
out today guys I literally cut off but
still I've got to go to the office today
do the video for the main channel about
the office and what's coming on the main
channel and what I'm doing like a low
payment update video for the main shut
whoa like a little bit of an update
video for the main channel but other
than that guys we're coming up on like
two months doing this vlogging thing
which is insane like that's insane every
single day for almost two months that's
pretty insane so just thought not
normally vloggers do this but I just
thought I'd take the take the time out
of my day to day to thank you guys for
all the awesome continuous support that
you guys have been leaving on the videos
and stuff because without you guys don't
be doing this and it won't be in this
position to do this and yeah yeah di di
D you guys get the point and its really
appreciate all the librarians and all
the awesome comments and the feedback
you guys give whether if I do something
wrong and you guys let me know it some
crazy feedback or whether it's just that
was a great video
I honestly read every single comment
I'll scroll down and so right at the
bottom like eBay also upload the video
cuz I'm just interested in what you guys
say and yeah so thank you very much
we've been that confuse don't know what
to do two different pubs asked for well
looked around see if I can see any of my
family there can't see anyone ask the
people there's been like a reservation
for Brooks which is my last name no
reservations Brooks so I might ring in
my dad I'm like mate
weather I don't think you understand I
just been like running for miles
solutely miles to get to that place and
then I even though they're a pub down
here but ask about reservations for
Brooks so I've just filmed a segment now
on my main camera for the main channel I
just like a little intro bit for the for
the video that I'm going to the main
channel and the video I'm gonna do on
the main channel is a video about the
office and yeah like the office in its
current state at the moment now I know a
lot of you here on the vlog Channel
you've already seen the office you
already know what it's like but for the
people that don't know what it's like I
wanted to do a video like before and
after so you guys can see like what the
office is like with the space at the
moment like where there's nothing in it
and then obviously I'll do the ultimate
off this series you can see me building
it and then we can look at what the
office looks like afterwards when it's
all finished in a video on the main
channel hopefully that makes sense if
you guys remember I actually put this TV
or this is a kitchen for like this
massive office building that my office
is part of put that TV up for them
there's gonna be a few Freeview box that
plugs in down here so I've bought an
aerial for it so they can actually pick
up a signal it's gonna record the video
for a main channel I may as well come
and install this aerial for for the
people in the main kitchen so I'm gonna
do that now but I can't find the remote
with its Freeview box so I'm a little
bit worried about that
some bug from the office now and I have
just edited the video for the main
channel about the office I've done a bit
if the main channel pretty much like
explaining what's going on with the
office and get a good prepped for the
series that's coming up it's just
currently rendering now it's quite a
long video it's 14 minutes long but
that's rendering now and I've said to
people on Twitter and let me try and get
this video up tonight so hopefully I can
hopefully I get this thing up tonight so
people can watch it and yeah hopefully
that videos gonna go pretty much all it
is explaining is exactly what I want to
do with the office and it's also to get
feedback on like sort of what you guys
think I should do with the office if you
guys have any like things you want me to
do the obvious go make sure you watch
the main channel video and comment it on
there and then I'll be able to see that
all the comments of what people wants me
to do when we did new offices and stuffs
Tobias has literally had the best idea
if you don't do biases by the way it's
Toby it's the guy that is in my streams
on some days I'm gonna try and stream
tonight and he's literally just sent me
a text and it's blown me away I wish I
thought this before cuz it's surgical ID
that's we fight I think how forward it
before but I just thought about
outlandish but it's actually a really
cool idea he's like we should stream
guitar hero that is a literary surgical
idea so I'm gonna try and do is bring up
the ps4 from the gaming den try and set
it up here and then what we can do is
play some guitar hero oh my god oh
and go all day with this on that's okay
boom bitch killed it my thing so guys
I'm currently like live streaming right
now you guys the live people that I
shouldn't costing me vlogging but I
really am I am vlogging and hopefully
but I believe you guys start spamming
the chat and I'll point the camera at
the chat and see if you can come in one
of the videos and when I see the chat
start to spam then I will I will do it
all you guys are all the people in the
stream asking them for me to do snapchat
things but my snapchat phone is broken
it's in the repair shop but we played
some guitar hero which was like Toby's
idea is such a sick idea I've
contemplated doing it before but I
thought it'd be a little bit hard to
like set up but no we're all up and
running now which is actually awesome
and everyone's now spamming in the chat
as you can see if you can see yourself
then there you go there you go okay what
did you get - you got an ID we're trying
to get to a hundred note streak on the
bottom ninety - check out my freaking
Ben & Jerry's yeah the food arrived
which we have now demolished I had like
a little mini Domino's but they actually
messed up the order so where is it I
don't know the boxes think is that oh
yes they're descent like a massive
massive margherita PC just because they
messed up our Domino's order tonight
they said it was like a little bit the
Machine messed up and it was a little
bit burnt
apparently so they sent out a massive
margherita pizza to to say to say sorry
about that
no way
yeah tonight's tree was pretty cool
playing guitar hero is like a little bit
different and I quite enjoyed it so
we're gonna do that again at some point
but like not every single week we play
like I don't think we get the new map
packs on Xbox for a while which is
really irritating but when they come out
obviously stream those and I wanted to
do some searching destroy tonight but
well stirred in the next week I look the
place was ocean destroyed but yeah
that's it for today's vlog - March you
guys have been awesome I'll see you in
next video adios I forgot I changed my
alarm to this
I swear right if there's any girls
watching this tell me in the comments is
this how girls work their territory
