guys i forgot i changed my alarm to this
i swear right there's any girls watching
this tell me in the comments is this how
girls work their territory in people's
houses it's just how are you this year
I'm gonna parcel I've got a powerful I'm
gonna go push it on a field of weird
there we go I honestly don't know what
the hell is in this parcel now let's
let's open it together right here we are
not my scissors I don't even know what
is going to be inside of this but we'll
find out soon oh that's so cool
it's a stand for your Apple watch and
your phone to charge it at night I
thought that was pretty cool there you
go that's pretty much all it does so
it's got my Apple watch up there and he
likes you just place it on it magnetizes
itself to it and starts charging and
then it's got a little dock for your
phone so you can keep your phone there
and have it charging what that is pretty
cool right what was there coming
downstairs for before I totally just got
sidetracked it slightly forgotten and oh
yeah I want some breakfast so today I'm
actually going out with the family my
dad is coming to pick me up in about 15
minutes and i'm going to a restaurant
where they sell a lot of blood of
strange foods so i'm going to bring you
guys with me so just before i go out
i've been wanting to do this for ages
and I've really just got around to doing
it today on my Saturday I thought this
old laptops at here down there for
absolutely ages a client asked me to fix
it and I couldn't actually fix it so
they were like we'll just keep it so
pretty much it's got a free laptop out
of it now it's nothing special it's just
a core dude I don't you know how much
RAM it's got inside it but I'm going to
go ahead and install windows 8 on it and
see how it runs just for a laugh
that is one hella tight space man Jesus
you got loads of space get going yeah
that's fine sup yeah we are Thank You
vinegar flavor change anything see
jellyfish chicken feed keep strike was a
tribe is less trauma homeboy punched
byzantines be hot and spicy pigs feet
stink boy littell coach spicy from I
think you guys have a good old spice
very very tiny and the little pony is
inside when you eat it you need a very
very careful wow crazy stuff what is
that oh wow okay with it smells moist
I'll it was he saw season I have to be
chilly i would imagine and not be like
it was a barbecue sauce for the ribs
Laura chilly
Oh
bangs that he's got back from bacon Bing
Maps I forgot the ones called what's it
called Shanghai Shanghai Shanghai
Shanghai Shanghai Shanghai Shanghai
twice say it twice Shanghai Shanghai
that's what the place was called her
I've just been I'll talk to you about it
in a second but I've just realized that
is 714 this vlog that I'm currently
still editing which I've edited in the
car most of it needs to be up in 45
minutes hopefully my internet can cope I
need to finish editing editing it first
though oh my god I'm so late oh shit i
totally forgot about this laptop as well
is it working is it working Bing Bing ah
it works right so we're uploading the
video to the vlog channel yesterday's
vlog this computer says it's taking care
of a few things which hopefully this old
laptop is gonna be able to run Windows
10 I'm hoping and pretty much rundown of
what happened today went to this place
called Shanghai Shanghai pretty much is
like a really a perilous famous
restaurant that does like Chinese food
and different foods and untried like
frogs legs and a lot of different things
and yeah it was a bit weird like I'm not
one for trying new foods and I don't
like I don't like a lot of food so I'm a
bit weird like that I swear she's my
sleep and that's messed up like honestly
like by the time I ever get to doing
anything in my day it's just dark like
it is literally just dark never thinking
well it's what how do you manage to do
well I've got my send some new
wallpapers check them out there looking
pretty cool fixed up the video for our
gateau again because they wanted more
changes to it so I've done that sent
that to them and now we're here and I
was gonna go to the office and do a
video for the main channel do a little
bit of an update team on the main
channel which is what I want you to do
but as you can clearly see it's dark
outside and I don't want to do what it's
dark gonna do it is light a little
office looks nice Oaks it looks nicer
when there's natural light coming
through the windows and especially that
room at the top that looks a lot nicer
so that means I'm gonna do that video
tomorrow which is on Sunday so that's
going to take up a lot of my Sunday go
into the office doing that videos so
that means i have to do am i boring some
day jobs this evening
one of those jobs is to sort I want to
do with this pretty Kim mirror with
acknowledgement to meet way you do with
mirrors frickin mirror you can't do
anything with it and what when I moved
into this house this mirror was one of
my favorite things because it had all
lights around it it was like you know an
ordered lights lit up when you see this
pattern here it all lit up but as you
can see there's no lights anywhere but
there that's right all the Bulls have
died and I've never changed them and
I've never brought us all around
changing them she promised it in hold on
a sec artist just change the freaking
balls let's put your hand behind it
change the bulbs why are you complaining
more because like most things I've had a
really cool idea as you guys can see
there's an LED strip up here right
there's no these two but there but I do
however have a lot of this LED strip
unused like there's a lot of it here it
just isn't being used so what I thought
would be really cool will be to tante
this mirror and put the LED strip around
this mirror so the LEDs actually come
through this mirror you just feed the
cable through just there
oh no this looks like it what the hell
no i'm not happy now that's just my bday
what I don't 55 pounds Jesus Christ oh
yes look at the beast he's made himself
bacon sandwich I'm happy right now so
got myself a bacon sandwich about myself
I'm sure you John Smith's got myself on
skype with Toby and I'm about to sit
down and play some freakin League of
Legends and that terminates a three hour
long session literally three hours is
currently two in the morning and I'm
gonna go for a run because I haven't
been for her in a while so till
everyone's always the best guys were at
night because why not it was chucking it
down earlier as well so there's puddles
everywhere on the floor Buffy you're
already soaked let's do this
there we go 2.3 miles at a 722 pace not
too bad for like three in the morning
but when i was at running i was actually
thinking about something and i was
thinking about listen I've been thinking
about recent that's been in my mind they
shouldn't really be on my mind and I was
thinking how can i get this said thing
off my mind and I sort of put it into
perspective when I this is what I like
to run out to run at night up like be
with music and I like to think about
stuff pretty much what i can to terms
with right is life as a timeline right
you've got your timeline and that is
life and it's always moving forward and
you're moving forward with it you can't
stop on the timeline you're always going
to be going forward with the timeline at
the same place as the timeline if that
makes sense right so why do people focus
so much on like the past or the future
you are in this timeline you're there
right now so why are you making that
time right now focusing on something in
the future I say about is gonna happen
why would you save something Bad's can
happen in the future why would you spend
the time now worrying about it and
making not now now it's time bad as well
as the time in the future that's going
to be bad if that makes sense you've got
something in the future that you know is
going to be bad it's a bad situation why
spend the time now worrying about it
when there's no need just deal with it
when it comes like don't spend the time
now worrying about it live right in the
moment the moment you're in like make
like the best it can be dead spend your
time worrying about the past because
ain't gonna change and don't spend the
time worrying about them for comfort the
friggin future because the future is
going to come and you can't do anything
about it so why make the time now change
because of something that's happened in
the past of the future that's why I was
thinking about and I just thought what's
the point just chill
yeah that's going to be it for today's
vlog 8 you guys have enjoyed my as much
as I've been awesome and I'll see you in
about six hours on wake up because it's
three minutes six minutes that's three
adi else i'm very firm believer in the
workspace that you work in reflects your
work you've only thinking out is helping
to work space that your work and reflect
the actual work that you produce well
think about it this way
