I'm a very firm believer in the
workspace that you work in reflects your
work and you've everything out is how
can the workspace that you're working
reflect the actual work that you produce
well I'll think about it this way if you
hang around with idiots you hang around
with friends they're all stupid and
idiots they'll reflect on you and you'll
become a stupid idiot
so of course your work is going to be
reflected by the workspace that you work
in just think about it rise oh hey guys
what's going on my name is Alex and
welcome back to another video the other
day I did those videos before al Gatto
send them off to them and there's so
many my back saying the word if you
change is done to them so I've gone
ahead sat down for the last hour and
done that without any interruption sent
off so hopefully they are all okay with
that it's now quarter past 2:00 in the
afternoon I think today is the day I
think today is the day it's a little bit
windy it's a little bit windy but it's
been too long it's literally been too
long and need to do a main Channel video
now I've had a few ideas of where to
take care I'm gonna get my phone out and
look at the train times because I want
to fly across across like a train when
there's a train coming down the track I
want to go to the Sugar Factory cuz I
live know a massive Sugar Factory
so I want to get there and fly it in
there there and the spealler places are
going to take it just to do this main
channel video
video where I just go out find the drone
and stuff I'm super hungry my
four-cheese ravioli was in the freezer
so what I've just gone ahead and done
was put two knives over a pan and I've
just got it on there so it's sort of
like trying to you guys get what I mean
come on come on what the fuck
so what I was actually gonna was my
phone for what are you doing
you want pizza yeah show you some pizza
you've got it you've got to tell
everyone first who's the best brother in
the world
Friday nice piece and I isn't it me yeah
know what Peter what Peter should we go
there what Peter do you want you want
pepperoni yo guys so you know I have
this pizza thing and if you guys want to
get the pizza that I always get from
Domino's go to this and type this in
pretty much what you do is you find the
Pizza legend bit and you type in the ID
and what you guys need to type in is the
mighty Mars like that and then click get
it and it'll put it straight into your
basket and just to let you guys know
what is on the pizza so you get 30% off
when you get my pizza and it's got
smoked bacon rashes on a chicken breast
strips pork meatballs and it's got
barbecue sauce on it and it's got
stuffed crust so it's like the full load
full whack it's a medium sized pizza for
1196 which is incredible so I was trying
to really eat which is my like mobile
provider here in the UK because I've
lost one of the silly cards I have
numerous poems with EE and I was one of
the SIM cards with one of the phone
they sent me a little card yeah I
couldn't get through to them if they
kept cutting me off very rude nothing
but a hold of pizzas that's making me
happy now so I know what yours is
thinking you're Alex you didn't take
that you didn't take the drone out what
what you're playing at you didn't take
out and well it got progressively more
windy throughout the day and this thing
is extremely hard to fly on its own
nevermind when it's windy so I'm just
not gonna risk it I'm hoping tomorrow or
maybe next week it's going to be like
the weather's gonna be bad so I've got
on flight you what we thinking now Alex
you fucking neglecting the main channel
again you're not making any videos I but
no I'm gonna make a video for the main
channel tomorrow about the new office
I'm going to go to the office and add an
entire video on what's going down making
sure everything gets in its place and
hopefully just that sort of little
update video that's what I want to get
out of it really because I just wanna
let people know what's going down on the
main channel and then I'll try and do a
drone video next week
hopefully the weather's gonna play nice
it's just been crap well it wasn't even
sunny today so even if it wasn't windy
it wasn't even sunny so just the shots
would have just been like awful like Oh
God you guys know I can't cool it great
anyway out for delivery yes Dana Dana
Domino's guys lost apparently he's on
cheers - thank you very much have a good
night
he's best forever
tied you up it's a mighty good nice are
you sure yeah I'll be about my brownie
but the mine guys this is what my pizza
legend is got the stuff cursed with the
meatballs the ham and the barbecue sauce
and everything else on a and it's just
beautiful
where's that show them your son Jacob
yours is the pepperoni which is what is
it is it hot spicy hot water or heat hot
PR Jacob you mister come in the shop
mate right mate I haven't done any
slow-motion today and I usually do
there's a slow motion in my vlogs
because the people that watch it like it
so what can we film in slow motion to
thing what is gonna look cool in slow
motion Jacob right this is gonna be slow
motion Jacob edition all these ideas in
slow motion are going to be his ideas to
do okay they're probably gonna be better
than my ideas so let's do this
love you
I'm so
yeah
it's a highly trying to face with the
power
what do there's been the awesomest yeah
no people below last to comment which
one they thought was the best all your
ideas there weren't they the best one
was putting the flower now it's his face
was it you did it to yourself afterwards
well I think you best clean up these
cards first is you can't pick up Jacob
off you go mate
guys so I'm finally in bed it's like
1:30 in the morning right now I'm just
watching watching crease it's like a
film about fighting I don't if anyone
any of you guys have seen it seen it yet
but I've been told by actually my
manager told me to watch it my manager
said it was a great film so that's why
I'm watching it a few other people said
it's good as well so I'm gonna gonna
give this a watch but I'm gonna end
today's vlog here I hope you have
enjoyed it I'm currently just on eBay
right now as well looking looking at
these are these are scaffolding things
like this and I want to get like these
for I need to make some ladders to like
drill to the wall to go up in the office
to the little room at the top and I also
want to make a pull-up bar in the office
as well so I'm gonna get some of these
to attach to the wall there that stuff
tomorrow but for now I'm gonna watch
this film
my dad you guys have been awesome I'll
see you in my next video yes good
morning guys welcome back to another
video my name is Alex and I want to show
you guys something really really really
cool I'm absolutely
