good morning guys welcome back to
another video my name is Alex and I want
to show you guys something really really
really cool I'm absolutely in love with
this next guy try if you guys want
something to like just make you happy or
make you work out or just a really cool
track to listen to I recommend this next
guy track I've been listening to all
morning on repeat and I absolutely love
it and yes this is a live stream on
twitch.tv of all of my vlogs going
through all of them I've just found it
someone seems to be live-streaming all
of my videos which I don't really care
about I think it's quite cool to be
honest what are you doing making the
normal toast every single morning
even though yeah it's a quarter past two
so we are currently on our way now to
the office just to wait are we going to
the office oh yeah we just pick up a
harmony that's what we go to Elvis isn't
it and then we're also gonna go to this
antique thing which is pretty much like
an old auction where they sell at really
old wood and I think they hope well
hopefully sell wooden furniture because
I'm hoping we can buy some buy some cool
stuff for the office in there that's the
reason that's the reason we're going and
it's this year they start like really
old stuff so that's the sort of rustic
look we're going for in the office
because it looks at the wood looks
really nice and videos you've heard me
say before I didn't lock the door every
time now this whole building is the
antique centre this looks absolutely
cool I don't know why little knives no
nice mate stuff over these by now
there's literally a swan with a light
coming out of it this place is mental
look at it all the stuff we do mate
that's about oh my god
look at this freaking house as well
actually some really cool
we found two nights really like little
lamps and we put them with a check out
so we can still walk around and have a
look because we walk around a second
time there's a second floor this is a
second floor and down there that's all
the first floor is absolutely massive
but the thing is you walk around and you
keep missing stuff guys July might drop
my lamps got myself some lamps landing
tonight
one up once again
so pretty much we have just been over to
the building over there which is an
antique shop and the cell alone about
geek stuff we bought this and this which
is absolutely awesome
we've also bought this and we're
planning on getting some like fishing
wire or something visible like a visible
string and hanging it from a beam there
so you see that triangle up there which
is dealing even our triangle we're gonna
hang it right in the middle so it was
really cool just floating that we might
at neither Weber and too much so I'm
going to do that but right now we also
bought this badge which we're just
putting here now for to hide all the
cables and stuff underneath it but it is
going to be like a little table to go in
between the sofa and the entertainment
console Center
so I've got a load of equipment in my
hand right now and we are just about to
go downstairs and start recording for
tech flow doing that little bulb video
with that we bought yesterday for like
20 quid so hopefully it's worth it so as
well as choosing all of the presets
seems you've got northern globe magic
our cherry blossom a mountain breeze
cozy flame hi guys I was it oh my god my
voice is actually alright I was
expecting it to sound a lot worse than
that it's currently 11 p.m. then when
the last time I picked up this camera
and blogged was today so I apologize for
that I've literally been shooting
cutting and editing a video protector oh
well color grading a video for tech flow
and I am literally just knackered like
it's so drained ah
turns out my camera it was just about as
drained as I was because the battery
just died sick I don't think tomorrow is
gonna be a good day I just feel so well
like so ill it's not even funny I just
oh wow it mixed you have no sleep
rushing around too much work eating crap
it really does reflect on that how you
treat your body I literally feel like a
ball bag lip-readers having no idea what
I want to eat like literally have no
idea I might start with some of this
yogurt because you've only think about
it how are you eating yogurt for this is
like protein yoga so it's got protein in
it so I need some protein finish off the
Apple some ham
is only bacon I'd love a bacon sandwich
as well what is that oh yes thank the
Lord
I swear this is the most satisfying
noise you'll ever hear in your life I'm
hoping tomorrow that I can go out and do
a video on the main channel with the
drone
that's all hoping anyway no guys so I'm
going to end today's vlog here I don't
think it's been that long and I really
apologize for that I tried to make my
vlogs as interesting and as long as
possible to make sure you guys are fully
entertained but there really hasn't been
that very much going on today just went
to the office got some antique stuff
recorded at it flow video and that was
pretty much it some of these days are
pretty boring and hopefully some of them
are quite fun yesterday's vlog was a
good one if you missed it but yes I'm
gonna get sleep just half one of the AMS
so yeah - but you guys have been awesome
I'll see you in my next video
Eddy yes good morning guys how are you
all doing my name is Alex and I'm very
hungover I've just got back from
dropping Moreira off to her house and
this Jesus Christ this is the frigging
driveway to her house and my car can
barely get down it crazy stuff yeah I'm
back on the normal road again by the way
Maria found out about all the memes
