good morning guys how are you all doing
my name is Alex and I'm very hungover
I've just got back from dropping Maria
off to her house and this Jesus Christ
this is the freaking driveway to her
house and my car can barely get down it
crazy stuff yeah I'm back on the normal
road again
by the way Maria found out about all the
memes that you guys made on Twitter
yeah she's she wasn't too happy about
that I wasn't gonna tell her I wasn't
even gonna tell her about it that's the
thing but like I think she's come to
terms with it quite funny
is achieving it here we go time to give
my broken phone in to the storm from
people
there's and gentlemen boys and girls
check out my work phone stick right so
I've got my phone off at the store to
get it like repaired vending whatever
they're gonna do boy sure on sonic wish
you guys knows that's also it I
hopefully they can get me so now I'm
going to say the stairs as my car is on
the top floor just gonna take that there
Tuesday it's gonna win no cheating
comment right now no cheating right so
we just nicked into a home sense so we
can sort of have a look for stuff for
the office I like this sort of wood
wouldn't deny like this is art this is
this is what yeah this is what they do
like universal
these bows sambhar things sound insane
Wow I have actually stop recording right
so guys I pretty much plan for today
I've been to pictures I'll jump Maury
off this morning pick Jade up Prince
HomeSense been to quarries and we
actually means yet we're planning on
doing a template video today obviously
believe that every week but we want to
do it this week on Phillips you went
into quarries to buy some Phillips you
more footage few books through the video
and we actually found this little thing
the Eva Eva yeah Eva yeah what's that
film that does anyone Eve wall-e wall-e
wall-e have you not seen wall-e things
called Eva isn't it this was like 20
quid so I thought we can just do a video
on this and see if it actually is any
good for 20 quid
Oh that'd piss you off that we make you
a little dickhead
you are you're just a dickhead how's
that last night partying so I'm tired
today
he's just ruined everything today tlz
today well I'm just messing about on
that I think I've got a pastor
downstairs so let's go and check it out
so this is what the parcel but so part
of this thing is a smart car charger
this company has sent it out to me focus
camera oh wow pretty much you plug it
empty cigarette lighter and it has two
USB port why that's really cool you put
in a cigarette lighter it has two USB
ports on it and it also tells you
information unlike how you drive and
certain things like that which is pretty
pretty pretty cool so apparently while
jet trying to get it out of the lower
box it has two USB ports on it
well apparently anyway is gonna focus it
house lights on it to light at the
inside of your car
it helps military-grade quality of
something it locates your car if you
lost your car which no one's ever going
to lose the car really are they it's
designed in Germany which everything
designed in Germany probably going to be
good and smart device detection or to
detect the device you are trying to
adjust okay so it's just a smart car
charger that can find where your car is
if you've lost it sick that's really
cool so pretty much it's just a smart
car charger with two USB ports on it
that charges your devices as someone
that needs to be charged and it also
locates your car if you've lost your car
or you can't find it the car park it is
look quite it does look quite cool
actually it is like really really really
cool connects you or does it not even
connected you can't no I don't think it
genuinely connects to the car light you
just uses that for charging
okay this is on the app that it's
currently scanning okay that's
apparently found it okay connected
successful this is connected literally
just parked up at Asda
and it's come up on my phone saying
location saved successfully do you want
me to start a parking timer
brilliant
I'm really happy with that that's really
awesome so I'm out physically in ASDA
and say my car is 40 meters in that
direction but it's wicked it was nice
that sounds us marry
because up here we're actually trying to
get hugs me the camera can bring you
guys up this is so cool here we go oh
wow
so I put some of the air to five
speakers here I put all the stuff from
Logitech round we've got the two USB USB
charges there I got one step over the
five speakers here and there's also one
back down in the edges didn't wanna
listen to music down down there well
father's got the duty omega chairs and
that is pretty much it so far
dad's currently doing a good job at
painting the wall which you guys can't
really see right now it's freaking doors
in the way yeah there we go
that's what recruited me out right now
I'm going to sit in the office I need to
now measure up get measurements for the
desks once we've got measurements for
the desks up and send off for the desk
and get them built and then we've got
the monitors coming from LG which is
pretty cool and then let's try out some
pcs minion bolzen
got some toasted mate the toast that
hurts the most
so guys I'm gonna end today's vlog here
and I'm not going to do an M screen
today to sort of comment on my last
video saying Alex engine loads with you
speaking and not putting like an end
screen on and the reason I put an end
the screen on yesterday's vlog is
because I don't people understand
I was absolutely battered like literally
battered I could have the mindset of
like I'm gonna answer this blog like
like this we've talked to you guys but
you guys that want to see me in a state
this is just not I just you don't
I said get some voice messages when I
was out last night listen to the back
this morning and I was just like
disappointed man but I don't need you
guys to see me in that sort of the state
thing I don't want to show you guys
respect that and understand that and
yeah might as bad you guys have been
also do a lot a like rating would be
wicked and I'll see you in tomorrow's
vlog yes
also I met a girl in asta today me and
Jett we're just chillin asta get some
food she came up to me and said hi and
she was really cool so if you're
watching this shout out to you didn't
get your name
I don't think I did I did I forgot I
apologize but you seemed really cool
