right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and I really apologize for
the wind noise but I want to demonstrate
something this is a garden chair that is
currently falling over that should be
sat there and that just there is a
garden lamp that should be drilled into
the ground but it's lopsided do you want
to know why the chairs falling over you
don't know why this light is lopsided
well there we go managed to fix it I
think that'll do so when I bought this
camera this one I knew that I was going
to be using it like day in and day out
so no one needed to buy some extra
batteries
I bought two extra batteries and they
came with this wall charger which is
really cool because you're actually
meant to charge this camera via a USB
port which isn't good I want a battery
fully charged all the time as and when I
need it but I bought this charger and it
came with these little prong things on
it solution this Fujifilm world adapter
unique all-in-one design thing that I
bought with an easier thing on the back
now there are wise cool that is really
freaking cool
what so it has all these different
attachments on it and if I want an
English plug I just press that an
English clip comes up if I want European
plug that comes up if I want that look
that comes up and then this is so cool
so I want English and then I want to
convert that to this that should just
plug straight into the oh look at that
go ahead and take our new device plug it
straight in and boom we're charging nice
so cool is currently about currently
about half past two in the afternoon I
gotta pass 11 a.m. this morning and
since then I have not had nothing to eat
all I've been doing is working for al
gato and
create some videos and still for them
pull their products which is really cool
hence well my camera is out but I just
noticed something that's really annoyed
me my lens my lens this lens on my
camera I bought this recently laces of
recent purchase I don't know if this
camera is gonna be able to pick it up on
our I don't miss Tamir to focus on it or
pick it up or ever they go it's focused
in on that if you guys can see if you
put it in full screen but there's
actually a little chip on the lens and I
don't know how it's happened is really
freakin annoying that if you can even
see it at all but there's a chip on the
lens
I've got away with it luckily enough you
can't see it when you take a picture and
even so you mean you just can't see it
but it is there and you can literally
feel it if you own your nail over it so
I'm pretty pissed off about that
as if as if it doesn't want to take the
piss anymore
look at this sun set on this camera I
just want to take it out and fly it I
just want to go out and fly it it's just
so windy
listen I'm this railing actually it's
honestly like really really really
really disappointing like super
disappointing it really annoys me I'll
take you out like really want to take
you out you know that's not one of the
new things that we're calling holy check
this out this is what I've done for
Elgato gaming they sent me a message
saying Alex can you do a video
demonstrating like interesting game
preview which is pretty much with the HD
60 pro capture card you can have an
instant game preview on like your
computer screen as well as obviously
when you're playing so this is the video
I put together for them they also want
me to do some more they want me to do
the Steam command switching between 9
different scenes and adding and
demonstrating browser alerts and the
chroma key and different things like
that and now got a software so I'm gonna
get those two now and then actually know
what time does the Sun go down today I
need to get running today because today
is the last day where I'm not in the gym
I'm gonna do it for a run today and then
tomorrow hopefully I'm able to prepare
itself and I can get back in the gym so
I like to run when it's dark or going
dark at the last moment it's like bright
outside cuz I don't know why so I'm
gonna get this I'll get stuff done now
and try and time-lapse it I'm pretty
much is gonna be--start here all the
time so I don't know what this is gonna
look like three two one go
there we go I have finished all of my
work for El Gato sent them two videos
which you're trying to show you guys
shortly but I'm currently just chilling
out on skype with Toby you can't hate
weeks Aviva Mike there is - hello and
yeah we're playing some repairing some
League right now and I'm just I really
what I try and get better just finished
up playing low
we lost sick but now all my friends are
like Alex you want to go out tonight and
I'm just like yes but then I need to try
and get to town and it's all like the
masses so everything's gone up in the
air so didn't what's happening and I
might go out of my not on the train
she's not fake
you'll forever with me
they can you know again write a book
into the right you're gonna finish the
rest of that now go
my face before you here's a lie I make
you a liar then I am I am - what -
Trixie works in terms of drinks and
Waxler makes drinking
there we go now you guys can frickin
hear me right so hey guys what's going
on my name is Alex and welcome back to
another video I need to start off my day
by playing some freaking some freaking
draw something
