to another video so as you can very well
see if I just turn around and
overexposed myself the Sun is out today
and it is really really warm outside but
there's one major thing that's really
really annoying me I really want to go
outside and get some Sun and get some of
that vitamin D inside of me
however it's so windy out there man
literally it's so windy can hear its
window open a tiny bit you can literally
end a massive wind it's crazy cuz I say
I would like to go out and fly the drone
and make a main channel video but
there's just there's just no way I can
go out and fly the drone in this what
Cabezas all shining basil shine because
we cleaned there yesterday now I'm gonna
close that window because it's just the
wind and nobody has done to my hair man
stop it wind right I've been really
taking advantage as you guys very well
know of the slow motion feature of this
camera and I want to try and incorporate
that a lot more into the vlog so let me
try and explain to you guys what I mean
so you know all of these daily vlogger
people you've got like Roman Atwood
vlogs you've got fouseytube you've got
Casey nice that all these daily buzz of
people they've all got something that's
niche and that they could say was there
for example Casey Neistat puts a
time-lapse I'm pretty sure
in every single one of his videos Romina
woods is that belief smile more and
fouseytube is is in true thing which is
good morning or some mental thing that
you just screams into the camera all
these all these daily vloggers have this
recognizable thing and I thought sugar
mine is gonna be slow motions so in
every video I'm gonna try at the start
of somewhere in the video to have a
little scene thus in slow motion with
cool music and then it can be like my
thing do you get what I mean you guys
understand what I mean cuz I just
thought to myself why not I go try make
a coffee and do it in slow motion and I
was watching the clips back on my camera
and it looks really good now I might
find that I'll get to editing this
tomorrow and those clips just look
absolutely awful I think that was the
worst idea ever
but you guys have just seen the
slow-motion so if you guys think it's a
cool idea to make the slow motion like
how a single day then let me know by
telling me in the comment section down
below guys obviously little comments
right and I'm going to bring up this is
really it is really getting to me it is
it really getting to me like I don't
even know why it's getting to me it just
really is but other thing is I've got
this slider on my camera right and I can
I can do this and I can apparently that
to the camera is normal right but what I
can do is I can over expose the image
and I think that looks better for
YouTube videos I think that looks a lot
better but a lot of comments especially
on the main channel saying Alex you're
so freakin white yeah so white you just
white you just like a ghost and these
comments have been getting to be that
much right I've been contemplating
booking a like a Sun Tan Sun bed session
thing like what because honestly I'm
just like it's not even ah obviously
I've had my fair share of trolls here on
YouTube I'm sure every single person on
this ever made YouTube videos have
someone hate on them or said something
stupid or whatever but literally this is
really pissing me off and that's the
wrong word it's not pissing me off it's
just like I don't know I don't know if
people are saying you're so you faked an
organist um I don't know what to do like
I just
today man wha I'm in the UK working for
every bit of the year every single
holiday I'm in the UK except from the
summer holidays where I usually spend
about a month in Spain that's great I go
to Spain I get myself a nice tan so you
guys even see me now I go to Spain in
the summer get myself a nice tan and
then by Christmas it's just gone and
then at the new year so what I was now
in January I am literally just a ghost I
don't know if I should buy some freakin
fake tan will that make you guys stop
saying I'm a ghost you're looking at you
can actually go to insomnia yeah well
yeah I'm a tight bastard oh nice so I'm
just totally on skype with Rob we like
to Skype just because he's at home
working and I'm home working and I want
to show you guys what I've been up to if
I just turn on my main camera right here
let me try and show you as you can see
I've got the elgato out here everyone
takes the piss that maybe because they
all got oh what are you guys it I'll
guard oh well gasps a weather whatever
whoever it is matters it but here we go
so we've got the white edition here the
Glacia Edition and the normal black
edition right here and I'm trying to
take some photos of them with the black
and white Xbox controllers these are
some of the shots I've got so far I've
got some shots of the HD 60 Pro inside
the computer case as you can see there
took some nice photos of that got some
photos of the hd60 with the lights on
photos to the chat linked cables which
all look pretty pretty nice and then
I've got some actual real live photos of
me playing playing black ops using the
chat link cable to record the game sound
and stuff so that is pretty cool those
are some of the photos I've got so far
for Elgato I'm really hungry into my
disappointment my immense disappointment
we've got we've got oh okay yeah these
guys are still on skype hello say hi
guys - pretty much it's Monday today 4
o'clock
I've been up there working for help
doing the foetus program for
sort of I'm going to shoot these guys up
waiter there we go open up the presents
for El Gato
for the last sort of three and a half
hours I've only just finished edited and
sent them off so come down for some food
yeah it turns out Miami for cheese
ravioli is definitely frozen look at
this like you can literally pick it up
brilliant sick so now the elgato have
sent me an email saying they want some
like visual picnic visuals you know the
software that you get with a capture
card right to capture on the PC they
want some like tutorials and music over
the top of how to use the software like
15 minutes long but I'm not gonna record
that today because I've been doing work
for them all freaking goddamn day
I'm gonna chill out now and I'm sort of
contemplating if I want to stream on up
because I didn't stream Sunday night
which I usually stream Sunday nice I
might shoot tonight simply because it is
black ops double XP and I don't know if
that's a bit if I can do it or not I'm
gonna catch me internet and see and see
and see if I can run stream right so
guys after a few hiccups like we've
literally I leave it to stop the stream
we're back online and I'm using OBS to
do the streaming which seems to be a lot
better than xsplit so far I've dropped
no frames which is awesome and the
stream that looks like it's working you
guys enough spamming the chat look at
yours spam is spamming the chat and
we're currently searching for a lobby on
black ops so hopefully everything now is
gonna go smoothly smoothly smoothly
sailing from here I'm hoping anyway
fingers crossed
watch it like now on oh look at this
look I've got the bacon on it's looking
pretty good
check it out gonna need one of these
things though one of these on now it's
not the right one and this drawer maybe
haha yeah look at that look perfectly
prepared in just under 5 minutes
beast there we go now you guys can
freakin hear me right so hey guys what's
going on my name is Alex and welcome
back to another video I didn't start off
my day by playing some freaking some
freaking draw something you guys didn't
watch or something
