there we go now you guys can freaking
hear me right so hey guys what's going
on my name is Alice and welcome back to
another video I didn't start off my day
by playing some freakin some pre can
draw something you guys didn't wanna or
something is this isn't an advertisement
by the way at all I literally do just
play draw something Toby's guessing my
drawing now let's see if it can guess it
I think its egg yeah that's a chicken
and I've drawn eggs and yeah you guessed
it yes a good lad right right guys we've
got a guest Toby's drawing now we've
gotta get we've got a guess now guys
we've got to guess what Toby's saying
100,000 no that's a million isn't it
that was easy as hell that's just mill
here so all of you guys a lot of you
guys in yesterday's Billy video or
virago ever you saw my spelling a
voicemail on my board right here voice
mail voice mail what Kent another thing
is like the hardcore hardcore fans that
I don't have to use that word fans but I
else to say the hardcore people in the
audience know that I am slightly
dyslexic so that my smell my spelling is
like absolutely goddamn awful but I know
how to spell voicemail if you said to me
right now spell voicemail I would spell
it with a/c nice how you spell it isn't
it that's the mistake that I made a put
an s instead ever see I'm just digging
myself a hole here on IR know right I
say what we do is we do window cuz
that's easy all I've got to do is draw a
box put a roof on it like that draw a
door and then like that like that like
that and then like that and then just
circle all these what are these tape
what are they there we go simple as hell
there we go may upset lemus drawing
right so with chat about summer quick
because you guys win yet you've won I've
lost okay whatever you guys presented
the comment section use the same Alex
well what you know you slack in May what
you doing what's going down you're not
into the gym you just being a head and
yeah that's that's right okay I'm having
go to the gym because and I'm not one
for excuses but this is legitimate I've
honestly damaged my arm like this bit
which we between between now this bit
just here right there's a little red
mark on it you can actually see it um I
actually pulled a tendon inside of my
arm so that's obviously if you pull
attendance I drum you need to wait for
it to repair which are thinking almost
has done so I'm about to go in the gym
now maybe like I've been in for about a
week but I'm still I'm not gonna use
this arm at all I'm just gonna work on
what my left side of my body i'm gonna
little wonders to fully repair cuz if it
if i go in there and push it again and
it breaks again then I'm just gonna be
out of gym for like two weeks and I
can't have that so I'm going to wait for
another half a week until I put like
some proper strain on it but hopefully
it's repaired itself now and I'm gonna
go and brave the gym out on the left
side of my body i'm going to leave the
right side out right so let me just go
in here for a second listen I'll let you
guys know this right I just been for a
meeting with the CEO I can't go too ugly
to be really careful what I say here
I've just been for a meeting with the
CEO of an upcoming forum manager right
so you guys need these forums that you
get right you know forum where you'll go
and talk about something you've gotta
promise something you discuss something
right this this isn't this is a guyanese
he's built all my lights enough he's
built a brand new forum right i can't
give you guys the name of it yet but
it's incredible the formatting behind
the formatting behind it is insane it's
an intelligent forum so it can pick out
keywords and give people keywords or so
subjects so if i typed in on their Mars
bar I could have my own page where you
guys could go ahead and tell me like
what what videos want me to do or if you
like the certain video or what you
thought of sort of certain video or you
could you can let your type in mars bar
set up and it would show you all the
products that using my set up with a cab
it like that could be like its own page
or or its own little yeah it's a little
page if you like so I'm just finished up
a meeting with the CEO of that company
and it turns out that he's he knows the
the European manager of League of
Legends which is insane and he knows the
people from the Guardian here in the UK
he knows a lot of freaking people so
massive opportunity for me this I
probably go much more into it than that
but this is an insane opportunity for me
hopefully i can give you guys some one
it hit some more information very
shortly I've got another meeting with
him on wednesday but this is a massive
opportunity for me guys and for everyone
else in here because if this launches he
was taking was telling me that he wants
this forum I don't rather not let's to
call it a forum but he's not really a
form but he wants it to take on Facebook
and Twitter and all of these massive
companies like these are this this is a
multi million billion whatever just oh
wow best part is he wants to give me
some of the company to help him out
because of my knowledge with via social
media platforms where I've just made
this little contraption you vote with
the guys what the hell is this too I
should be able to attach it to the
bottom of this camera Oh which I can yes
and I'm gonna go and jet wash my car cuz
I need to clean it so I think bring you
guys along with me in the funkiest way
possible let's freakin do this
sit down to three two one beast there we
go we are on we are live is currently
1144 in the PM today we came round what
time you can learn about our past oh my
poor ammonia is so and we've literally
just been playing league of legends and
I've never been like I believe but yeah
that's Kagan wait can you see a mystery
on it I've you I used to I used to
likely to legends legal Asians legal
engines used to like League um but I
wasn't a massive fan of it but I've been
playing some different champions tonight
and I've actually really been enjoying
that and here we go look so you can see
my you can see my I've played up played
you guys come here until he you can have
a look just friggin screenshot it there
I used to play week on you should be
like a massive work on champion I just
understand i really liked him just like
really light in my anyone using or like
a play pretty much say when yeah now
we're going to play like the later as
well just play it play into play into
the night really but yeah binge watching
a lot of bloody dramas gonna try
rollover videos let's get right into the
news but yeah I'm going to end this vlog
here can we go into the office tomorrow
I think to take this logitech stir fry
my like really dark or something cannot
make that a little bit little bit
brighter there we go so yes guys if you
enjoyed this blog a lot rating would be
awesome might as well as you guys have
been awesome and i'll see you in my next
video
adios adios
right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and as you can see I'm in
the middle of a field a very windy field
a very sunny field a very muddy field
we're
