so guys welcome to my garage this is my
new toolbox because well all my internet
stuffs getting proper serious now as you
can see with the new server rack in the
loft and well I need a new toolbox and
went to be professional so there we go I
need to talk to you about something
quite serious what are you guys thinking
of the rap by the way I am actually guys
really unsure as to what I'm going to be
doing with the car and you probably
thinking Alex what do you mean and well
if you've seen my Twitter you'll you'll
know what I mean I absolutely love cars
as you guys know I love them they are
literally whenever I leave the house
whenever I'm on the road I'm just
looking at other cars who drives well
it's just something I find very very
interesting now yes guys I am thinking I
am thinking of getting a new car and you
probably think in Alex what the hell do
you mean you only just got this mini
like you want another car are you mental
yeah okay so guys you see here's the
thing it's really kind of rare to buy a
car brand new not many people do it a
lot of people lease cars or or buy them
used but with my car I bought it with
cash and that means you buy it outright
like you give them all the money at once
when you buy the car and I put the car
guys brand new from the dealership no
miles on the clock I've paid with cash
which again doesn't mean actual cash it
just means you give them all the money
at once in a sense you're not paying per
month for it you own the car as soon as
as soon as you drive it away the buy is
a very rare thing to do not many people
do it but I did and when you do that to
make sure that you get the most value
for money out of the money that you
spent on your car now bear with me here
you have to sell it
a low-mileage now my car is sat at
something like 12,000 miles at the
moment 12 or 13 thousand miles I have
driven in that car not very many but
after my car my car gets to about
fifteen thousand miles the price slowly
drops rapidly doesn't make sense slowly
drops rapidly guys after about fifteen
thousand miles in my car the price that
you can sell it for decreases faster so
in a nutshell what I'm trying to say to
you is I need to sell that car before
fifteen thousand miles I have two
thousand miles left in that car before I
need to sell it and that isn't a lot of
miles so naturally I'm thinking about
what car I should get next and it's a
tie between these two now you guys are
going to choose my next car and how
you're going to do that is in the
description that's going to be a link to
my Twitter if you don't follow me on
Twitter please follow me I'd really like
that
but that's not what I'm talking about
there'll be a poll a link to a poll on
my Twitter and it will be out of these
cars and it's these two cars one of
these two cars that I think I want to
get next so the first poll results is
the BMW m2 the BMW m2 has a 370
horsepower engine which essentially gets
you from 0 to 60 in 4.3 seconds now the
other car of choice is the Porsche
Cayman GTS now this has a 365 horsepower
engine which is actually 5 horsepower
lower only 5 than the m2 but bear in
mind it's a smaller lighter car and the
Porsche Cayman GTS it goes from 0 to 60
in 4.9 seconds and the Porsche Cayman s
goes from 0 to 60 in 4.9 seconds versus
the 4.3 seconds of the M 2 so guys I
need your help please vote on the poll
down below this year is going to be
insane new house new car and whatever
else oh and also Monday Monday is going
to be an absolutely Meg
flock and I'm not even gonna tell you
why
take a bro what you doing watching
something what are you watching
roblox who what youtuber jelly bro I
need your help but first off
knuckle-touch you're wearing the merch
you're a legend merch link in the
description guys is this your favorite
top Jacob right bro I'm thinking of
getting a new car his face is that cool
why sort of do you like my car at the
moment okay but I could technically get
a new car but get the same rap boom oh
well it would cost money to get the car
up yeah it costs money to get any car
around it costs money to get to get that
car wrapped but bro I've got my two
favorite car choices for my next car
pictures of them what go on then dude
both of them the two cars one of them
I'm going to own very soon but which one
I don't know you want to go and show you
the choices yep same types nope they're
both different cars turn around get
Maria
okay then bro so take up its the it's
the Porsche or the or the m2 right that
car is a little bit faster than that one
yeah is okay so that one is about 4.9
seconds to 60 and the m2 is about 4.4
seconds to 60 so it's over half a second
quicker but it's no doubt the Porsche
definitely looks nicer okay so if you
had 5 seconds to point at either the
Porsche all the BMW which one would you
choose five-oh straightaway Bush okay
tell me one reason why you think the
Porsche is better it looks more sporty
is it
so guys Jacob says it will have the
Porsche GTS over the m2 but you guys
ultimately decide on the pole down below
I'm actually really skeptical really
really skeptical I don't know bro is a
tie I'd be very very happy with either
one because they're well they're both
absolutely phenomenal I'm a very very
lucky boy to be in the situation to be
able to buy one at 20 years old
so there we go do you want to go chill
bro yeah what do you want to do you know
what bro go on there
sweet guys just arrived at the office
with Jacob hey bro you gonna get ready
we're gonna go there and play some
minecraft you to take him to crest
that's what he wanted to play and I'm
looking after this evening so off he
goes on bro but on a real bye guys let
me know on the poll in the description
about the new car I'm super buzzing guys
what I think you need to go and check on
Jacob I meant to be looking after him
and he was on holiday all day last week
so I haven't seen him in a while
so guys Jacob and I about two months ago
would you say we came up here and we
created a world in Minecraft because
Jacob said he was playing Minecraft and
we streamed it and Jacob said he wants
can play Minecraft this evening and I
meant to be looking after him so
obviously being the best brother I am
that we come and do that but my question
to you is as follows guys you left me
some really awesome feedback in the
video or I asked you what the next thing
is that we should do with this live
streaming room you guys said AB the
cameras but then you also said Alex do
some little tweaks here and there in the
vlogs to the roof and some more guys in
the vlog we're gonna cover make this
room look awesome give it a good old
tidy up ready for the next and probably
final episode of the ultimate live
streaming room for the main channel it's
gonna be absolutely awesome and then
Jacob and I can come every weekend
sometimes even twice a week bro yeah and
start streaming so it then guys Jacob
how cozy is it in this room it's really
nice isn't it with all the LEDs on round
the side and a little lamb everything
looks so nice
but guys Oh God hey guys it's on but
guys it's time it to head back because I
need to get Jacob to bet you enjoyed bro
yep this is the difficult bit trying to
get Jacob to get off the Xbox right bro
come on no not two more minutes come on
let's go we need to go your mom is gonna
tell me off thank you look it's too
plain it is my channel
probably put the controller down turn
the Xbox off at least the know what he
enjoys I need to fix the LED strip but
I'll do that tomorrow girl then bro
let's get inside
Jacob put to bed it was really awesome
hanging out with him as I say he went on
a whole day last week skiing the lucky
little thing for a whole entire week so
haven't seen him in a while
brilliant to getting back home a be able
to take him to the office and share with
him I know he loves being with me and
then also being on these vlogs as well
but for now change the top I'm gonna go
guys for a quick break time is really
short this week and as I tell you
I've got awesome vlog on Monday that's
taken a lot of planning and had a
massive conference call for it earlier
today so guys all I'm saying is just be
prepared for it because we've got a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that
everybody would love to do that you
can't even pay to do and I'm recording
that vlog on Monday but for now guys
quick run three three guys there we go I
am back from my run yesterday guys I
took both of my home pods back to the
Apple Store you probably thinking number
one Alex I know and number two Alex I
don't care what I tell you guys is my
favorite Apple product by far is the
airports they literally never fail on me
I always take them running and they
sound really good and that is coming
from somebody who loves sound quality
who tried other wireless headphones
before or earphones and these ones they
just they're just a star every time
Apple they've did a good thing for once
we then guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's daily vlog here guys I really do
hate you've enjoyed it if you have guys
a like rating would be absolutely
awesome but for now guys - but Alex you
guys have been awesome guys stay awesome
keep smiling and I'll see you in
tomorrow's daily vlog guys ah do
