thank you very fast us I'm your resident
distressed Hedgehog with this haircut
guys good morning how are you doing I'm
still in Manchester I'm trying to get
home today Oh cookie dough shape please
and then can I get waffles to share just
first one today it's really really
famouse to get it simmer it and I've
come up with some breakfast at this
place called mousse coffee in the middle
of Manchester it's really busy but
apparently it's really really really
really nice well people say money makes
the world go around no there's
definitely food I love food
so today a lot of good things about to
be happening but also a lot of bad
things are happening first good thing
that happened I went for an awesome
lunch slash brunch with Maria not the
best probably the best breakfast I've
ever had in my entire life
it was absolutely gorgeous you enjoyed
it in yes I got a bit far it was very
fattening note to self don't order
pancakes and waffles on the same table
so that was good bad things are
happening though all the trains are
canceled I can't get an uber I'm in
Manchester and I'm stranded that's the
bad news
trying to get back to Nottingham where I
live and it's proving really difficult
there's no trains no overs the snow in
its Hali and everything's mental but
I've said to myself now right now I'm
leaving I don't care what happens I need
to get home I just really need to get
home right so I can't even get an uber
I'm gonna have to go on the booster
board it's got very little battery it's
really hailing and raining and up but
the good news I've got something awesome
for us all to see as soon as I get back
and I cannot wait don't sing a 27 minute
walk but I'm on the boosted board so
let's do this
guys that we are all on a mission to get
home right now let's do this
so once their massive thank you again to
my friend Luke pick up the train station
this now I'm finally home and I'm really
really happy taking a good three and
half hours to get home and I can see
right there goes past Luke's head my car
and I told you guys I told you that I
was doing some modifications to the car
while sales in Manchester and that as
soon as I got back I was going to show
you guys but first I'm really hungry
Luke you ugly bro I am let's get some
food
as you can see we can absolutely destroy
sir I was starved
Lucas do you have the magical remote
right there so guys before I get in my
car and bear in mind I want to preface
to this this to you guys is gonna be
what a 1920 pound aftermarket exhaust on
a car on a jcw 2016 sounds like so this
is just for demonstrational purposes and
the reason I'm having to say that is
because it's actually illegal how loud
this exhaust is and I'm not joking when
I say that it is illegal and I'll show
you the warnings in a second but this is
the exhaust on the outside of the cup
guys as you can see this is my car with
the ridiculous
rap on it now they are a little bit
dirty because we have just driven all
the way to the shop but as you can see
these are so hot these are the exhaust
through the carbon fiber tip on and they
actually say John Cooper Works so this
is an aftermarket exhaust system that is
technically what it's called but it is a
mini system so it's actually made by
mini sit now the people that actually
make the car so it's certified to go on
the car you can actually if you buy a
jcw or a Cooper S you can put this
exhaust system on it as you configure
your car I didn't do that I've done it
after the fact as I say I've told you
guys the price of it I paid the full
price of this thing and I want to give
you my little review of this 2,000 pound
exhaust system okay so make sense
cool let's get in the car
so guys I've got loads of GoPros in the
back we're gonna go pro the car up but
first we're gonna just give it a little
bit of a rev test in this underground
carpark so this is in normal without me
clicking the special button and this is
what the special button looks like by
the way so you get this special little
remote thing with a button on the top
and then on this label here it says
track mode track use only sport mode
public roads so you can actually only
use this on a truck and you can see you
get this leather little contraption here
with a button on it what I'm gonna do
and this is gonna be a rev test right
now of the actual car just without me
clicking the button so this is just than
what the normal car would sound like
with the normal exhaust system
and then what you do is you double click
the button and it will flash a bunch of
times and now the exhaust flap is though
now if you're at the car
oh my god
right so I've got some GoPros inside the
car and then for you guys also outside
the car I'm just gonna go for a little
bit of a ride with the car in sport with
the new exhaust system with the flap
open and see what pops and bangs our
surprise is this car now makes just so
you guys can get a vision of what it
does now it's really difficult to put
this through microphones because it's so
so so so loud and we'll probably just
end up distorting but let's do this
okay so now it's my turn to listen to
the car outside
Luke is coming down right now absolutely
mental in a bit finally I've been
stranded in Manchester
how many able to get back the weather
has been mental and the weather is meant
to get even more mental tomorrow meant
to have where I live up to six or seven
inches of snow starting tomorrow morning
at sticks the games of are these fun ah
guys sweet there we are all home now and
isn't that a sight for sore eyes and
also it looks like we've got some
parcels there to um but I didn't know
guys that I'd ordered anything so
obviously a company sent us some stuff
which is absolutely awesome was to sit
down and unbox those in tomorrow's vlog
and we're expecting tomorrow guys at six
inches of snow I was going to be having
a proper photographer come down tomorrow
to take some photos of the car a proper
car photographer but I think guys it's
gonna end up turning into a chill Sunday
vlog at home because we're gonna be
caked in with six to seven inches of
snow so with that being said guys I'm
gonna end today's vlog here my car
outside I could not be happier with it
guys let me know what you think down in
the comments as always guys my name's
Ben Alex you guys have been awesome I
have absolutely no idea what's in these
and I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
daily vlog Sunday guys chill vlog adios
