right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and as you can see I'm in
the middle of a field a very windy field
a very sunny field a very muddy field
with the drone now a lot of you guys
know if you watched the vlogs yesterday
and the day before the flows bit the
vlogs the vlogs that the German has been
broken
it's been just broken man and I've been
trying to fix it and I think well we all
think that I fixed it so what I thought
I'd do is come out for a little bit of a
test fly now the reason I've come here
is because I know a certain girl who
wants or she's trying to make a short
film or something and she wants me to
get some like footage of like a forest
like high up with my drone so that's why
I've come out here so it's like the
perfect dance to contest it and then I
can also get some shots for her so let's
try and take off and see if I can get
this thing in the air
yeah hey she freaking works man right
it's very very very windy up here but
I've managed to get some shots of like
this forest and stuff I'm gonna try and
take off again just to see if I can okay
if the blade is actually the blades
hitting me of the grass I'm just do a
quick take up here is insanely busy not
busy it's insanely windy out there today
so now my face is already puffed up like
a Satsuma but I've got a parcel here
from Amazon and I don't know what's
inside it so I'll go inside together and
see what we've got
cool it looks like this company bluekey
world have sent me out what it looks
like ah these things are really cool
what'd you do with them it is you're
pretty much just all the eysies little
rubber things these things are really
cool actually
what you do is you put these things
they've got a little sticky bit on the
bottom of them you put that you take
your sticky bit off put it on your desk
and then you can run your cables through
it do you get what I mean so you've run
your cable through it like that and then
your cable is just like yeah these
things are cool man
check out the blue key world thank you
very much for the presents these free
cable clip organizer things I've got
some by my bed but they've also sent me
some more so easiest ones in the office
thanks guys I appreciate it
so now I'm really really really tired
I've just finished up recording the
snapchat Q&A I have a main camera sorted
all they're all recorded something
recordings about 4045 minutes now there
was some pretty good questions you guys
are really really really really really
cool so thank you for the questions if
you if you if you sent me them and if
you also want to add my snapchat if you
don't have it you
because I put stories on my every single
day use me messing about being a general
freak but snapshot is mozzie snaps it'll
be in the description anyway just on my
way now to the Porsche marriage let's go
now this this is a piece look at this
Wow
watch snap myself one of these
what do you guys think if you buy this
it's nice and safe
not as a Bose a sound system so it's
about is the sound I absolutely love
this just like wow wow wow wow well
world series got back from the Porsche
dealership and I've got my brother round
yeah bro I didn't make what we've got
what we've got got prepared here
spaghetti and meatballs is it nice
was it is it you know I need to get you
one of these shirts that have mouths
Baba Drive like the dark one maybe one
in this small little size for you don't
know I guess Molly is like hey guys
global question right there's two ways
well as far as far as I can like
understand there's two ways of eating
spaghetti right you've got the normal
way with all the posh way where you get
any twizzle it around like this and you
get it all nice and uniform like that
and then you put it straight in your
mouth and that's it right
all you want the second way where you
literally put it on that like a shovel
and just go straight in I do it the
second way what would you guys eat here
we do it the posh way or the second way
which is a little bit disgusting take em
oh yeah all right good luck so fast like
that and I've heard secure Madrid are on
telly Jake you'd be loving the football
on you but I'm babysitting I'm
babysitting Jacob tonight well I bet
saying your big lad now are you get your
here big lad book we're playing some
football which and do some skills what
I'm gonna try and do is throw the ball
underneath me like that he's got a head
to it that I've got to turn round and
catch edge think we can do it Jacob
they're working they're actually trying
to it ok
the lounge is just destroyed in his
lights and cameras and tripods
everywhere the reason is because I've
just filmed I don't really know why I've
done it but I've had my brother which is
he's their Jacob I've had him sat here
I'm spending a little bit of time with
him tonight so what I like to do was
I've had him sat here and I've set up
like a little scene it's all looking
very nice and the reason I've done it is
because I've he's been sat there and
I've asked him questions about what he's
doing in his life right now how old he
is who his friends are what his favorite
sports are and I'm gonna edit it
together and I'm just gonna keep it on a
hard drive for him and then he can look
back on it when he's like 20 or 40 or
however old he wants to look back on it
and just see what his life was like when
he was six which is how old he is now so
did you enjoy doing that Jacob was that
fun and also I just want you to I just
like to film stuff so it would give me
an excuse to film something I suppose
so got a lot of questions people like
Alex how do you like how do I go for
shooting filmmaking or how do I do this
how do I do that like if it's filmmaking
or like try and apply this rule to
everything but say if someone wants to
get into filmmaking or doing something
productive just go out and shoot
something just go out and make something
just take a camera outside and just and
just go out and do something it doesn't
have to be anything amazing just go out
and just film something random and just
make something out of it like why not
just in my videos
I'm just lip-syncing this world
lip-syncing it really badly I'm just
currently editing the snapchat Q&A
I'm just edited the whole thing so all
of these here these little ones here
that these are the questions and then
these are my answers sometimes have
answers things like very long as
sometimes were just having a bit of a
joke around but it's currently 1103 now
and yeah as I've said I've just managed
to finish editing this masterpiece of a
video well I think it's pretty good I'm
really annoyed though because halfway
through it look let me focus a you can
see the Sun starts to get brighter wait
maybe I don't fit to see yeah here look
and it goes really overexposed but you
can still see what I'm saying so
fair enough mate mate you upside-down
what you doing mate policy no mate mate
you may not know you're upside down I'm
not you know put your that way around
everyone everyone can now see the right
way why is it so white you job you found
in the freakin you dropped your phone in
the pool I drop my phone to the forward
it fell in got my head perfectly back up
to life so I haven't spoken to Barney in
probably about a half a month maybe a
month so it's great to have a little
casual with him I've been on FaceTime
bidding for about an hour and just been
planning on booking my flights to go out
to Australia because a lot of you guys
know that I'm actually going out to
Australia in like think I'm gonna go on
the 4th of July was the date we put down
just then so just after my birthday so
I'll spend my birthday here in England
with the family and lots of friends here
and then I go and see Barney which would
be really really freaking sick and then
I'm going to Australia
singing Sydney and stainless Sydney and
then going to Melbourne for a little bit
and then I'm going off to New Zealand
spending about a month in New Zealand
England coming back on the 27th of
August so that is what we've got down
that is the flights that I'm probably
most likely going to book so that is
that out the way but just look at how
this shot has come out you know I was
doing that thing with my brother earlier
look how nicely graded that is I managed
to well I've done a little bit of
research tonight the reason I did this
is because the thing is with the tech
flow videos I actually
well obviously I'm here when we do the
tech flow videos and then jedd like sets
the camera up and edits them and then I
go in and like finish up the editing
grade the footage because the footage
that my a7s camera gives you is ungraded
like it's a flat image therefore to make
that image look half decent you have to
grade it sometimes if the lighting is
not right or if there's something wrong
with a shot of the white balance wasn't
set properly it's really really really
difficult to grade but I've done a bit
of research in this grading stuff
tonight and I've managed to obviously
pull off pull off this grade tonight on
this on the show
now that if you guys can see it on there
but it actually looks it looks really
really nice actually so I'm just trying
to get my grading game up to scratch
because it's something that is something
that I really need to get a little bit
better if I'm going to be honest with
you guys so I've done that and it is now
like 1:55 a.m. so I'm gonna get myself
to bed get up at 9:00 a.m. and start
today or start tomorrow know start today
fresh in the morning because you guys
don't run too slow I'm a sleep pattern
you guys can't see me so you guys ate
you've enjoyed today's vlog as usual if
you have a like rating would be wicked
might as Blanche you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video adios hello and welcome to the
show my name is Alex and this is the
daily vlog again so it turns out that
I'm actually a little bit the happier
today because well I've got loads of
emails this morning on my phone saying
that people replied to my forum post on
the inspire 1 forums
