hello and welcome to the show my name is
Alex and this is a daily vlog it's dead
so it turns out that I'm actually a
little bit happier today because well
I've got loads of emails this morning on
my phone saying that people replied to
my forum post on the inspire 1 forums
and I think that I read one of the
subjects of one of the emails and it
said don't worry Alex we can get this
sorted for you so hopefully my two
thousand-pound drone isn't going in the
bin right so DJI tim has said try
holding c1 plus CT plus scroll left
wheel down plus video button holding it
like this restart the RC and try and
reinstall firmware again that didn't
really make any sense but I'm gonna try
it anyway
so what we've got to do is we need like
two sets of hands on this baby because
what you've gotta do right important in
order to reset the remote control you
need to hold in all four buttons and
then power on the transmitter with the
four bonds held in difficult yes
impossible no yes yeh again oh is that
my own that's mine as well we sprinkle
that keyboard well it looks like
especially 40 okay google it every kid
okay yeah this keyboard called the Atlas
spectrum Suellen yeah which we're gonna
rip open see what we got inside this
move about your keyboard Geoffrey
Ozzfest so much editing keyboard I would
say oh my god what about say and enjoy
the swing stock stock stock stuff stuff
starts dogs enjoy this I say stuff
gianni any of it enjoy the swag swag
that's it because he sent me an email
semi swags on the way Toby from Logitech
you and Legend and we got an MX master
and another MX monster to us is now so
that mane the other main four main geez
yeah same one was the one in there yeah
but just really decent call the gates
you going jet I was really nice shot
I literally cannot believe that we just
messed up yesterday's meeting because of
the thing blue tire no bloody
tire on the car mopping it
next Thursday again how many months for
injure my hands like in 400-mile journey
that we didn't do because we pop the
tire I think I think I can hear it what
we're listening for is a beep beep beep
so it goes beep and then two in the two
more beats ready
only three two one oh my god I thought
I'd wasted like two grand I thought I'd
wasted like two grand I thought he was
broken oh yes I'm so happy I didn't test
this thing out
yeah it works fine I would go outside
and obviously give it a little test run
outside but I don't if it
yeah is outside it's just so windy like
ridiculously windy outside and I just
don't want to risk it the best thing
about this whole entire goals board is
the fact that when you can actually put
things off it when you've completed
demise the whole point so I've got like
a youtube goals thing down here I've got
500,000 subscribers in the main channel
which I haven't reached yet which will
be insane if I ever got vibe like that
is like a an insane milestone but
100,000 subscribers on the vlog Channel
we have got that which is absolutely
incredible like that is insane and I
thank all you guys so much for that an
entertainment flow this was what I
wanted to achieve on tech flow and I
think I've pretty much got that now I've
got the flow down on tech flow so we can
rub that one off as well and then I've
always wanted to do a daily vlog and now
I'll do that now I'll do that so I got
with us still on here I'm gonna go ahead
and rub that off as well so now the only
goal I've got is 500,000 subscribers
because these are the new goals 150,000
subscribers in a vlog Channel 500,000 on
the main channel and 200,000 on tech
flow that would be in crawl my god Wow
and these were all video ideas that I
had now I can cross off big swegway
because I've done that which is the
ninebot which we've all seen and done
visit the office I need to do that on
the main channel and actually got a
voicemail from a subscriber which is
what I want to go over in a main channel
video as well so I'll leave that on
there and I do want to go to Alton
Towers and stuff so now I need to do
these things I've got to go for a run of
and I
cold outside wish me luck I'm not taking
my camera so don't want to break it
cause it's like pretty much turn the
clock right now at night and it's dark
though it's definitely not dark chucking
it down really windy and getting spray
from cars all over me but definitely
didn't happen I'm dead literally dead
hello guys so I am now all showered and
just feeling not sweating cold and
horrible and wet and I'm actually gonna
call this vlog short today guys and go
to sleep because I've got a few things
on my mind which I just want to have
sometimes myself to think about which is
stupid things really but I just need
some time on my own tonight to just
think about some stuff contemplate a few
ideas and think about a few things that
have been running through my mind I
should do as we do as humans and I'm
gonna go and do that yeah so that's
gonna be it for today's vlog I literally
got up about 12:00 today and I'm going
to bed about 12:00
now think about 12:00 now I don't know
the time or what the time is let me
share for you guys I've got my phone
lighting this lighting this little scene
up right here yes 12 like 10 10 10 past
12 11 minutes past 12:00 so yes I'm
gonna get to sleep now think about a few
things and I'll see you guys tomorrow at
9 a.m. because I want to make a few
changes to my life and I want to get a
little bit more healthy I know you guys
like I'm actually doing running Jimin
and you can't get much more health than
that but I sleep in till like 11:00
12:00 in the morning and it's just not
good it's just not it's just not good
it's just not productive enough and it's
not the lifestyle that I really want
that's good in the weekends to sort of
have a little lion but I've been having
doing this stupid getting up at 12:00
business but for ages now and I just
want to wake up at 9 in the morning
start a fresh vlog for you guys and make
sure it's crispy all day and that's what
I want to do cool right hope you guys
understand that and I'll see you guys at
9 a.m. in the morning when I wake up
Paul adios the voice is definitely not
going
hmm audience right so hey guys what's
going on my name is Alex and welcome
back to another vlog today well but work
today that's the funny thing a lot of
you people have been saying Alex wait
I'm not expert no I'm not I'm fine I'm
looking good
a lot of you guys been saying Alex we've
never actually seen you do any work for
Mars media and this is my actual first
