right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome back to another
vlog today well work today that's the
funny thing
a lot of you people have been sayin Alex
wait no I'm not I'm fine I'm looking
good a lot of you guys been saying Alex
now as you seen you do any work for Mars
media and this is my actual first job
the year now it's not even my first job
of the years a job that didn't get
finished last year that's currently
being chased up so today I'm driving
like two and a half three hours down to
this place to film a kitchen I've got
the drone out ready to take down taking
it all apart and this is all the camera
gear I thought what I do is show you
guys through all the camera gear and
exactly what we're taking and yeah just
give you guys just give you guys a
little bit of a run through like the
equipment that we used to film the
promotional videos so that is just the
inspire charger and then we've got the
atomist which lets the a7s record in 4k
the external recorder and it's quite SSD
mounted to the back of it they've got a
load of batteries and stuff and a backup
battery we've got a gorilla pod the
tripod with a Manfrotto head and two
light stands for our two LED panels and
a reflector with little cooler tron
slider there and then in here this is
the main show of the business this is a
little case I used to take when I'm
going to places with all the kit inside
it so I've got my a 7s there rode mic
not that we need that my 28 mil Canon
lens and my full-frame zeiss 16 to 35
mil lens they're inside a shadow phone
case which is absolutely awesome and
that is all the kit that we used to take
- you know these places when we film
that's all we've really neat we're now
officially about an hour late not
setting a good example for you guys for
client work that side on that doesn't
look good
I've got a flat tire front right and
yeah brilliant I'm on the phone now -
yeah the mini accident repair people
hello hello mate I just got the phone
with with the many insurance people and
they're like yeah yeah you're gonna be
there for an hour waiting for someone to
come and come pick you up
let me try and show you guys to tie it
wait a minute I haven't seen it yes you
guys have seen it for me
we're still here judges currently
Charlie check what what make what actual
the size of the tire this this time on
this side exactly fine
is this one that's broke as you guys
have seen so we try to get the size of
the tags now I've got a ring borrowing
the insurance company - I really see if
they've got the tire in started
I paid 150 pounds for some company to
take me to the garage and then on top of
that I've got to pay for a tire but I've
got to ring them to see they've actually
got the tire in stock brilliant yes No
marius is the main man coming to help us
out so what you can do is you get a
mid-range tire the butcher ties that
butchers like that right so there is my
car or at the garage right now and it's
about to get mended i think it's about
to go down this is the state of the tire
yeah there you go you guys can see that
right there
brilliant right so I've just finished a
little subway from the chicky spa get
back to the entire and auto center I'm
sure my car I'm sure my car is in Bay 5
I don't know that the type of porn looks
really small got the keys guys and look
that is the back tire right which is
fine which hasn't been a place that's
the front tire it just looks smaller
than the others I'll see how it drives
anyway so as well as all the other crap
that's happened today when we left this
morning I couldn't get the drone to go
into what's called travel mode and
that's where I can put it in its case to
take it with me and I've managed to fix
that as a knife I enter travel mode it
should go down and stop there yeah there
we go now it's actually doing it
properly now I just want to go over a
little recap of what's actually happened
today so pretty much we woke up with the
plan of going to do some client work for
a client down in Suffolk was it switch
is it switch okay so it's about two
hours three hours drive away from where
I live
we're going to the car ended up getting
a flat tire and having to be towed all
the way back to where I live which cost
like a hundred and fifty quid and we
have to cancel our meeting so all day
we've just been like sat here talking
about videos to record for tech flow and
recording biro and stuff and doing 10
forever videos instead of our children
doing like five work and stuff which is
like a major shame we're going to do
that next week but for now we're gonna
record this tech Pro video this is the
shot we've got though for you guys this
is how it's gonna go down there you go
so
I'm gonna sit here the court will talk
about the camera gear for tech flow this
kind would focus that be sick so I want
to show you guys what I did yesterday
right and as you can see we're get
turned I plug on the second but I'm
gonna ruin it for this guys quick quick
quick quick
now right I'll play over to turn it off
right we're gonna get off into the
secret room you guys know this you guys
know this is the secret room let me get
up there we go
alright we're gonna get on the end we're
doin it to store some ladders here by
the way but this guys is a secret room
as you can see it's very very dark up
here right I'm gonna close this door and
you'll see how dark is you able to see a
thing and then I'll go through 203 nice
is one there you are down here this is
another one and then here there is
another one another one
and they also managed to install an
elite none LED light switch by the door
so as soon as you do come up you have a
light switch right here and then I also
installed a plug socket right here just
simply because we don't have a plug
socket up here at all there wasn't one
when we bought this place just wasn't a
plug socket so I've installed one here
now we can like charge devices and stuff
and things like that folks is sick was
this what else it's definitely not an
episode of the gaming den why don't I
say whoa baby
welcome back guys to another video
