Oh microphone combo jack 2 more USB 3
ports a red let's instant exhaust let's
go down the power now focus is sick
which was this what else water less it's
definitely not an episode of the gaming
den I don't have so work baby
welcome back guys to another video I
just want to go ahead and apologize for
last night I don't know what I'm
apologizing for cuz I don't edited
yesterday's vlog yeah I need to do that
when I get back so I'm just going to
apologize because I feel like there's
going to be some embarrassing stuff that
happened last night which yeah you guys
understand but Jess here and we've got
this stuff to take round to the office
now we're going to try and take it
around today and you think we can fit
one of the GTI maker chairs in the car
as well if you put the back seats down
just one of them they're not two but
I'll open the garage door then and see
if we can yeah just give it a kick in
awesome yes twist at the same time that
little twisty turny to estate whoa
hello yeah that way you got some stuff
got a bit get I so we got to try and get
this chair in the office without making
too much racket and a huge man buzz over
here the chair over here without any
much hassle because later five speakers
which I'm dying to test out I'm going to
go back now and get the other chair just
so it's done and then we'd have to do
another day we go do it now it's then
it's done with right so we're back at
the office right now but some of these
life and these are like LED lights we're
thinking of putting them up in the year
in the secret room as we call it up here
on the roof like that place one should
get a lot of really bright lights and
can film in there and stuff
Louis II LEDs don't flicker what you
need to do that it might flip your last
this year I managed to bring both of the
geomagnetic chairs up my arm is absolute
just like going over there by myself but
yeah this is it should we unbox you
certify speaker set and see what it
sounds like
yes I put one of the little babies out
do you guys want to check these out I'll
drop a link in the description
Bobby see you guys gonna want to see
what they sound like and what they
actually look like whoa that's so cool
man and if the camera is picking it over
the top of it is actually made out of
leather one of the whole thing is and
then the sides just like fully gosh oh
wow
so these are the power strips we've got
surge protector ones mobile fun sent
these out to us and the delivery was
superfast which is awesome and they've
also sent us out these as well these USB
charging things is two of them so we can
have one on either desk one move in
these are pretty cool the surge
protected as well so obviously if
there's any issues with power weight
going down look about LA I just realized
that these come with those dinky pads on
the back so you put your sticky pad on
it
and then you can just mount it to the up
side of your desk if you're not putting
it in hi I'm back at my favorite place
ever go to some PC world because I want
to buy some more Phillips you so that
didn't have but Phillips humor in this
is so windy probably can't hear me but
they didn't happen you encouraged which
is really annoying so now we're gonna
open another video for tech blow on the
spot without like I don't know
so I've actually got work to do instead
yeah I'm ready baby
Oh No okay Oh what's the ground
clearance literally just touching the
floor blow it Segway Oliver Bay's
finally died I literally almost dropped
this camera again I'm such a clumsy guy
anyway we as you can see I've broken
it's not broken as search it's just
dropped this is the this is the new drop
swegway mate its life and broke it still
works look look at this so it is just
dry the battery is dying but it still
goes it's just dropped but we're doing a
special once overexposed on how there we
go so I am well Miguel are doing a video
on tech flow and we're doing an episode
on the gear that we actually used to
record the videos because we think that
we've got like a a really good set up
but like it's not like an insanely
expensive setup you see these bigger
techy tubers with cameras like the c100
and some Marcus Brownlee it's got a
brilliant red epic camera we've got like
a pretty a pretty good setup we've only
spent like 50 pounds on the lights and
stuff and the tripod is like one of the
lower end mum front of tripods but it
does the job and we think you guys will
be interested in it so we're going to be
doing a like an episode on the actual
tech that we use to record to record all
the template videos and we actually use
like for instance like the rode mic to
record our tech flow videos whereas a
lot of other that these tech youtubers
use like SLR microphones is SLR
microphones that go into like audio
interfaces XLR XLR that's what I'm
looking for
yes others of the youtubers you like use
really expensive XLR microphones and we
just use like box down and stuff from
from road like the low end stuff and it
seems to get along fine so we're going
to show you guys with that in this
week's episode of tech club they're
gonna start back from the office
unfortunately my camera died while I was
there which is really frustrating
because as enclosed avoid to show you
guys we actually mean gentlemen paint
some of the walls and stuff and I've
been putting some lights up yeah in the
secret room so the lights the lights
have made the secret room not a secret
anymore because now it's all lit up and
stuff but as you can see we've got all
this camera gear out you guys know
a video for tech flow but we've got all
the batteries uncharged and put Alex why
turn is this it's because mostly on a
job tomorrow filming another kitchen
which is great so we've got all the
batteries on charge and it's currently
what's the time Jed tempest - Scottie
tempest - in the morning as I've said
everything is uncharged and big day
tomorrow so I'm going to get myself to
sleep and then I'll probably end up
showing you guys around the office on
Friday and then tomorrow you guys can
see what I'm actually doing with this
kitchen and stuff like that why is that
not open anyway
cool let's give it for today's vlog I
hope you enjoyed my as much you guys
have been awesome I've been very
hungover today so I apologize and I'll
see you in the next one
adios I was already there first
good morning guys welcome back to
another video my name is Alex hope all
of you are okay
if you're not hit me up on Twitter and
we can have a chat because if you guys
aren't okay I wanted to speak
