good morning guys welcome back to
another video my name is Alex I hope all
of you are okay if you're not hit me up
on Twitter and we can have a chat
because if you guys aren't ok I wanted
to speak to you guys but what the
problem is but yes welcome back to
another another video we are here again
walking down the stairs as we do every
single morning well the same morning
it's actually the afternoon right now
and no I haven't just got off I've got
up and I've done my emails and I've been
on like an hour and a half Skype call
with my manager so now don't call me
lazy I've been working but oh what is
this we now have two juicy and make your
chairs Wow
so you probably think in Alex what have
you got to GTO make your chairs
what white wire compromise even in my
editor I've got an editor that edits
helps manage some of my videos for like
companies and stuff and he is having a
desk in the office as well there's going
to be two desks in the office so
therefore we need to jet me two chairs
we need two chairs and GT Omega with
that with the hook up straightaway I
love them so much are you ready 3 2 1
boom that is my car it's a mini mini I'm
not 110 how I meant to get these round
to the office because there's no way
there's a fitting in my car and then
there's this box which I have no idea
actually what is inside of it so anyway
to find ourself inside and see what we
can see what is this I don't even know
what this is what was that what so what
the hell was that whistle did you hear
that whistle
what was that Jenny freaked out right
now please tell me you guys heard that
you know what I don't care I don't care
if there's anyone in this house I've got
things to unbox which I'm not sure what
they are so it's really intriguing I
just don't know what this is
whoa
it flushes it actually flushes how cool
is that it's tripping me out though
looks like a USB battery charger to
charge the batteries for the torch
though this bit of paper turns out that
it was a fan that sent me this so I'm
gonna drop on the follow on Twitter so
it's actually my stepmoms birthday today
so I need to get me some socks on get
myself into town and go and buy her a
card and possibly a present because
stepmoms are evil I don't even know if
I'm going to go around there and see her
today but I still want to get a real
card anyway and see if I can go and buy
her a present or something I might just
get this one and scribble out have a and
other time and just put you are a row
see some great banter
ah Edifier you absolute beast
look at these things man these are the
multimedia speakers for the editing desk
or workstation in the office look at
this man
I'm not gonna get them at the box just
yet I really want to get them on the box
man
Oh everyone look at them out the box
look how cool they are so these are for
the editing workstation in the office
they're gonna go either side of the
editing editing workstation right okay
massive shout out to mobile fun Cody UK
I'm gonna put their links in the
description mobile fun Co UK if you
gotta see to anything that's USB if you
want one of the USB related charges oh
you want anything to do we just like any
peripherals or anything to do with
mobiles like cases and stuff and you
need it fast because I ordered this
stuff yesterday they said they were
gonna send me this stuff like yesterday
or the day before and it's arrived
already
that's incredible delivery time if you
guys want anything to do with like
electronics and stuff
iPhone cases head over to head over to
mobile fun co uk that stuff arrived so
fast and was in like this immaculate
condition it served me out these for the
office these are like power surge strips
this is awesome right hey if I don't get
this in I'll quit YouTube you ready 3 2
1 I'm actually gonna take these away and
just put them over here it's I'm trying
to edit this video right now for the
main channel the gaming dead 1 2
uploaded tonight and I'll just keep
eating more teasers well I just keep
like eating them like continuously
eating them
conference call time why I'll let you
guys listen for a second
yeah so it's I'll plus six quarter 7:00
a.m. 8:00 in the evening no it's fine
it's fine literally I've been in all day
just working so what made me say sir
it's not a problem
yeah yeah I thought it looked a bit
strange yeah it's not what they do now
they emulate the the depth of field and
make it Wow
I have just come off a Skype call with
the CEO of moment lenses and if you
don't know what moment lenses are their
lenses that you put on your iPhone and
they pretty much take your photography
to the next level
now they're not cheap by any means but
they've said they're gonna send me some
out to test them I'm not as incredible
news for me right so I'm gonna go in the
gym now unfortunately I can't find a gym
top to bottom so I'm not gonna video me
in there Oh finished up sweating like a
madman
I've had it some even more like good
news as well which I'll tell you guys
after I've had a shower if I like you
not at all come on Maura get down here
baby
thank you
Oh Jeff would say hello say hello to the
Internet my friend
forgot to tell you about something
that's quite important and it's least
you made my day sound a deal with a
company called slick raps you guys
probably know all about what they do and
they're gonna be sponsoring a new off
base which is absolutely awesome but
we're only going to town right now yeah
so I'll see you guys later
