very good morning to all of you guys my
name is Alex and welcome back to another
daily vlog what is this what is this oh
yes it looks like GT Omega are on us
with the hook-up for the new office now
what I was thinking last night was Jesus
every single vlog over like the last
week has involved the office and I'm not
the thing that I'm purposely trying to
do it's literally because every day is
involving the office right now over the
next few weeks we're going to be getting
like deliveries left right and center
different products for the office which
I'm sure you guys are going to be
interested in so let me know just let me
know if you are or let me know if I'm
doing it too much duty a reg'lar said
they were to send me their new evo excel
chair because it's the only one I
haven't tried and I absolutely swear by
GT Omega I love this of so much go
through so many desk chairs that have
just been crapped Wow lots of money on
chairs like before just to test them and
see you know is there any point in
spending a lot of money on a chair the
oddly the chairs are hook just like
broken but the gto makers I give the GZA
magnets like a lot of shit and they
seems poor with it
come on come on come on please please
please please please where are they
it's in the freaking freezer and it's
way for the defrost again Oh No finish
my dinner and I managed to fix this
blind I don't know if you guys have seen
in any of my previous videos you see
that these two blinds usually stay open
that one stays like closed or it's
either like half half of its like
dangling down I've managed to fix it
this morning and it was not easy and I
thought it was all it was like tie some
little string but anyway I fixed it let
there be light
right next problem that I've got after
I've done my emails and stuff which I
need to do right now which I'm currently
in the middle of doing I've just got my
vlogging camera out like my main this is
like my main channel of camera this is
the sony a7s camera this is why i use
for like the videos on my main channel
and it needs to record video because it
because it is such a high bitrate it
needs a special card and the special
card is an XC something i don't know
whether they're super expensive and
super ridiculously priced that i've been
part of buying one for ages now I bought
one with the camera when I first bought
it obviously so I wanted to record video
and this is it Ryan if everything Alex
that's a battered up forged card made
and no it's not this is actually got the
card that this camera needs inside of it
it's just inside a 4 gigabyte shell you
know what I'm a firm believer in buy
cheap buy twice however I've gone for
this made that I've never made four made
I've never made for what the hell make
that I've never heard of before called
globe Explorer and apparently that card
works with the sony a7s which is what
I've got right here I'm using an old
card right now and the thing is you can
record with an old card with this camera
but it just can't record in the highest
quality that it's capable of recording
in the laughs alright
I've literally got in the car to go and
buy some cream I'm back with my cream
please don't ask where I need it oh so
look you can't see it
you can't see it when the camera is
actually on oh I'm so lucky so she could
probably tell I'm in the gaming den I've
got a big camera X I'm filming a video
for the main channel so I've just turned
that music down but I just went for some
like T about five minutes ago and I left
my camera on the sideboard with the
screen facing down I went over to my
camera put my hand on it and dragged it
across the side books I was like leaning
over and it's put a massive scratch
right up the screen
you can't see it when the camera is
actually on but when I turn the camera
off you can just see like a horrible
scratch so I'm gonna try and use some
some teacup which is how you get em how
you get scratches on cars I'm gonna try
and use it on the lens to see if I can
get rid of this scratch it sort of
worked a little bit as far as I can tell
not as much as that I've liked it to
work there you can't see the scratch
when the screens on it's only when it's
turned off but it looks horrible
no to myself and to you guys when you
ever get a new camera or especially the
rx100 if you get one because it's
scratches so easily get a screen
protector fee for your bloody camera
screens guys just do it there we go guys
I've literally just finished filming in
the gaming den I've just done like a
tour and stuff and in the gaming down
now I've got these awesome red curtain
switches this is well this is what I've
installed while I've been in here to
recording today and I've also bought the
Xbox one down and I've tidied tidied the
place up and it's looking pretty looking
pretty cool right now and I'm really
really are absolutely loved this room
especially in the summer when this place
gets a little bit warmer
cuz that's the issue with it at the
moment it's just like just a little bit
too cold in here even though I've got
the heater on and this massive lamp
right here which is kicking out a load
of heat it's still a little bit cold in
here
but hopefully the summer that should
change and we can come in here and watch
some films and stuff and we've got the
projector and all that is always open
recorded and that is the final episode
of the gaming den all recorded on my big
on my big camera all recorded and yeah
so I have come back upstairs and this is
the part of the day that I've been
waiting for the most I really want to
record a snapchat Q&A because I used to
do q and A's every week we used to do a
series on my youtube channel called ask
Mars the hunt I used to do q and A's and
I just totally forgot that I did it so
I'm gonna steal that serious back up on
my main channel but I'm gonna kick it
off with a bang and I'm gonna kick it
off with video snapchats from you guys
so I'm gonna actually let put a snack
out on the phone snapchats and guys send
me videos snapchats of your questions
and I'm gonna answer them in a video and
get it recorded but because I've been
recording the game again my camera is
dead
so what I need to do is go and take the
battery out gonna put it on charge I
usually have a spare battery but you
know cuz I'm because I'm a wall-e I
forgot to put it on charge so I'm gonna
put this one on charge for a bit chill
out I'm probably gonna have a shower and
then get out of the shower and then
hopefully the batteries are caught
perhaps you've recorded batteries
finished charging and I can go ahead and
record the snapchat Q&A and I honestly
can't wait
this snapchat QA has now got to the
point where I'm actually going on black
ops 2 1v1 someone there we go bleach you
spent the entirety all of today filming
videos which is absolutely insane and
I've really really really really enjoyed
getting back on the grind and stuff it's
been absolutely awesome so I apologize
if this vlog has been like a little bit
shorter than usual obviously because
I've been so busy filming for my main
channel but yeah if you guys have
enjoyed a life friend woman much
appreciated I'm gonna go to bed right
now because I am so tired I won the one
V one I think like 30 22 which is
absolutely
awesome great playing fans and stuff and
subscribers I really like to love
interacting with you guys it's like what
I strive to do and absolutely a little
bit but yeah the spin today's blog that
you guys have enjoyed - bananas you guys
have been awesome I'll see you in my
next video yes
