I can tie balloons but thank you very
much four hundred thousand friggin the
fire noble guys seriously thank you very
much for 100,000 subscribers on the vlog
channel that is a major milestone for me
I never thought this vlog channel second
channel whatever you want to call it
would ever get 100,000 subscribers and I
am forever grateful for that and I
really really got some appreciate I hope
you guys already enjoyed today's logs
but I let's get going for a run right
now so let's do this
4.3 miles an eight minute pace longest
one I've done but the slowest run I've
done so far oh the thing about setting
goals is what you need to do to set a
goal is you need to be realistic but
optimistic hey theory define optimistic
there you go there's two sides to it
right what you don't want to do is set a
goal to hide that it's ridiculously hard
to achieve and then when you don't end
up achieving it you get really upset and
depressed whereas you can set a really
easy gold and then once you achieve it
you don't really get any benefits
because the goal you set was too easy
you need to be optimistic about it you
to be realistic about it what you need
to do is one of my running goals is I
want to be able to run six miles 710
pace which isn't if you guys know
running isn't difficult really at all
for a ruler like I could do that if I
worked at it do you know what I mean I
know I can do it but it's going to take
time to do it so when you're setting
goals for stuff just make sure that you
set realistic goals that you can achieve
but they are hard to achieve and you'll
know deep down about how long it takes
you to get that goal as soon as you get
that goal as soon as you achieve that
goal you will be happy with yourself
thus we're from the room has actually
made my hair single home for any gel in
it today at all white house before any
any product in it but it is due to
stucco because of the sweat that's
disgusting now wait now what you doing
yeah well I've just been for a run about
a shower and I thought you want me to
come to come to yours and put some TVs
up okay cool you cool yeah okay I'll
come around now writes a bike right so
there we go we are all ready for the day
it's got to go into my dad's now and it
won't help putting some TVs up so I'm
gonna go round to his and unfortunately
he doesn't like me filming at his so
that's like the thing that I can't do
but after that I will meet you guys at
the office because I need to go to the
office and sort some stuff out because I
think they've turned the leased line on
which yes I did say I wasn't going to
pay for a leased line at the office but
I kind of want a leased line because i'm
a nerd so i'm just going to pay for
anyway
I'm proud of this wait a minute wait a
minute let me turn the music off let me
turn it down let me turn it off wait
wait wait wait how'd I do this there we
go is it going to stop whoo there we go
Oh guys so I finished up at my dads and
I am now back in my office just for
these two cakes are not like major OCD
right this here is where it's where the
internet comes in and then this goes out
to an ethernet switch which sends it
over to that side of the room and put
behind this telly which isn't my TV as
you guys know but I've gone ahead and
put my router on the wall right there if
you guys haven't seen put the cables in
so we're looking we're looking all good
as internet wise right this is what I've
got planned for the office so far what I
need to do is I need to get my desk made
round then build a desk but there it's
going to be built out of what's called
reclaimed wood you guys don't know what
reclaim cool is this is reclaimed wood
and I'm going to build my desk out there
and it's going to look like this yeah
you guys know that right and then it's
going to be a corner desk here right
which is going to be my editor's desk
that is going to look like well
something like this and then I want
something sort of the same style as
those two desks but like a little coffee
table thing to go to about here to put
like an Xbox a ps4 in it and then that's
going to feed up to the TV which this
isn't my TV I'm going to see if I can
buy a 4k TV to put that this is a minor
moment just someone else's TV which I'm
borrowing know to buy a sofa to put your
edge on anyone and then have a little
rug and just here and at this this is my
pride and joy whatever spell it all my
money on recently just this this this
wooden table with all my schools and
stuff on it but thing one finding really
difficult miss office
I want it to be cool I don't want it to
be something I'm really proud of and I
wanted to look incredible I won't be
athletics in this place to look insane
however that's going to be really
difficult because you have to spend a
lot of money to have things you look
nice and don't want to spend a lot of
money because like I don't have a lot of
money to spend if that makes sense so
got these two head things right here
there's one right there and there's one
upside down just their focus though
bunge is there and I'm thinking I'm
going to put them on the wall just like
that around here and then I've got that
mirror which I think I'm gonna put there
or there so I'm going to put these had
things here and see what's it look like
so I'm pop up you guys let me know what
you think there we go they're looking
pretty sick go back there and then the
two little things right there and then I
think I'm gonna pull that mirror there
well I'm gonna trample the river there
and see what it looks like there we go
guys I've got the mirror up boomer is
full up and looking cool then we got
those two things just there which looks
absolutely awesome but my burrito on the
wall down there as I've shown you guys
before just feel it up space to look a
little bit better just to get the desk
sorted I've got GT Omega send alerts and
chairs so I have to do an unboxing video
those but yeah for now this is looking
absolutely awesome I think there's
someone coming in I've got someone
coming in to clean the beams early next
week's as you can see it is full of dust
and stuff in them and stuff that we
don't want to yet but someone's got some
frozen ones going to clean the beam to
get the cobwebs off of them and then we
can go ahead and start moving into this
place right so I'm literally trying to
upload yesterday's video right I did it
i'll start doing are my laptops to edit
everything on the laptop i do everything
I'm laptop slide uploading as normal is
that it had 10 minutes remaining to
upload the whole thing it got to
thirty-seven percent and then it stopped
right and then it stopped so I thought
well I was going on I left it for five
minutes and it's stuck on 37 percent so
I was like okay so I canceled it try to
upload it again on my laptop and he just
wasn't having any of it just stuck on 0%
so thought okay what I'll do is put it
on my computer very like a put it on a
hard drive put out my computer and then
upload it off my computer and it still
do the same freaking thing so guys have
just got back from the pub toby is
gorilla here right now and we
going to be live streaming tonight but
I've had to do so much goddamn work for
the new office and different bits bits
and bobs like that so live streams will
continue like next week on sunday or the
other naman xtreme actually might be
actually in the office which will be
quite cool but me nope i'm going to try
and update the log right now as you guys
can see Toby's like a prologue players i
plead mental at it so yeah okay so we're
going to try and yeah we're going to try
and lay some bowl later tonight and that
is it
