Parcells that excite me anymore there's
a shame Oh No
but a pretty sick view you can hear me
but I'm currently I don't know what we
got here with big words they even read
them because they don't even know
English can read that fish finger
sandwich okay I think I might go with
that there is the Royal Stadium we can
see it it's all there look at the beast
we do some realism it's up into three
Borah games and film three ball games
now haven't been to three ball games
I've been to three programs of film to
those three games up in ER the last
three games up in out we've actually won
which is really good obviously for the
videos and stuff but today is gonna be a
tough one because we're versus forest
and there's always a little bit of beef
if you're a forest banner you're a Borah
supporter you'll know that there's
always been a little bit of beef between
Middlesbrough and fries Roy's been
fighting for the number one spot with
both both teams are really eager for the
number one spot I don't really want to
get promoted
and yeah so it's a tense game I'm hoping
I'm hoping we could just pull it off
forgot the stadium behind me these two
acting the absolute imbeciles and what's
going on and I'm hoping for the best and
you know you're in Middlesbrough and
you've got these ridiculous buildings
made out of tin foil and and and all
these buildings and stuff and then
there's like a massive ship just there
fabulous two million questions
that would leave me you wanting
it's why let you do the talking
maybe that's part of games
so much that
I could ask
questions a battery's about star my
camera I hope you guys enjoyed that slow
motion I think the batch should just
stand on my camera guy so I'm gonna use
my phone to record this bit hello and
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed the slow
motion that I did on the rx100 more than
I enjoyed the game because we played
absolutely all actually first half was
alright second half we were just like
awful that we'll just like wasn't good
at all and yeah it was it just wasn't
good and then forest guard what first
got about sixty six minutes did they
something like that so yeah no not a
very good game a bit disappointed this
camera just really baffles me all this
lighting me up now is the LED behind my
computer and then this is the normal Wow
okay yes and I camera died unfortunately
literally as I was about to record me
saying how shit we played today my
camera died because I was doing all
about slow motion for you guys and
always test out the slow motion on this
camera this is like it has a special
feature of slow motion and it can record
in 250 FPS which is what I did today
and then 500 and then a thousand the
camera is gone off obviously a thousand
FPS is is really bad quality you put it
down to 250 FPS it's I think it's like
720p ish but I thought that was pretty
cool all about slow motion obviously all
I've done today is go to the football so
I thought while trying to is might like
a little bit of a short film out of it
with slow motion and stuff so hopefully
you guys enjoyed that the trip up there
to Middlesbrough from my house is like
oh god probably about two and a half
hours in the car there and back so it's
literally all Upton all day and I also
met two awesome fans while I was at the
game which was absolutely awesome but I
came back and I remembered that I've got
a parcel from Amazon so let's open this
thing now so I think pretty much know
what's inside this thing but then again
I don't I might not know what it is
so okay inside here anyway we'll see
we'll see what
I think it's really boring so guys take
these up I always understood more than
you guys oh my god what I am always on
reason upon are literally always or in
stuff
yeah lecture yeah literally that's all
it is it's just amazonbasics
hdmi cables but they can do that 4k HDMI
cables the thing that was very
satisfying to open yeah they're just
really short hdmi cables that can record
you guys don't see me really short hdmi
cables that can record not records that
can transmit 4k through them and i
bought them for the office so I'm hoping
that these will do fine for the 4k and
stuff so I'm just in a Skype call with
these two people and I'm currently I've
got a little bit of vinyl left so I'm
cutting out I've just cut out the hole
for why is it coming on focusing man
come on don't let me down man I've cut
out our hole for the lens of this camera
and I'm gonna try and cover the front of
this camera in this nice varnish
varnished like this stuff that's on my
Mac so hopefully should look really cool
and they'll try and cut it out really
nicely I'm taking my time here we are
guys finishing off today with my feet up
about 1246 a to the M and I want to show
you guys something and quickly recording
this on my phone because I want to show
you guys what I've done here so this is
my laptop right this is what I used to
edit all the vlogs on because it's
portable and thin like good battery life
and I can edit all my vlogs on this
which is fine i've never edited a blog
on this i always edit them on this and
as you can see i've got this really nice
skin on this and i've got these really
cool stickers on it the skin will be
linked in the description and so will
the stickers this my vlogging camera i'm
just boy you guys know at this point
because you guys are so awesome and you
always leave like so many likes and
stuff on the videos and i said to you
guys if you guys leave some awesome
support on the videos i'll buy myself a
new vlogging camera so this is that this
is the skin on my vlog editing laptop
you know what it needs to match the
camera boom
look how cool that is man look i'm so i
think that is so cool that it's like my
perfect
vlogging zel I've literally just taken a
little bit more of this vinyl stuff and
cut it to size and just put it on the
front of the camera so now I wanna hold
the camera it's got a really cool like
knife bit of nice bit of finished
finished wood look on it absolutely
looks at
absolutely awesome difficult focus on it
there you go if you don't if it turns
out as well because it's dark in here
but they are they can I can see it how
cool is that guys well I'm gonna
entity's book here and I'm gonna get
myself to bed so you guys know I was out
last night and I'm not gonna share my
face because it offers like a top one or
anything but yeah
hope you guys have enjoyed the time
would focus you guys can see it one last
time now it focuses okay cool might as
well actually guys have been awesome
everybody follow your bliss and I'll see
you in my next video adios Ronnie the
wallet thank you hello again my old
friend curries and PC world let me get
inside you
