you learn II do that face Ronnie the
wallet thank you hello again my old
friend curries and PCWorld
let me get inside you here we go right
where are you I'm looking for a networks
which way to quit that'll do
I want this LG curve TV so badly like so
badly look how cool it is but it's so
expensive
oh hello
look at that mini that I lost the Beast
the chromecast unboxing experience is
probably one of the best diver had it's
just so good and so simple I suppose
that it's just because it is like a
really really really simple product but
props for this product because I
absolutely love the chromecast if you
don't have one I'd recommend you go pick
one up because they are so cool
there we go the chromecast oh okay there
we go so at the office it only takes me
14 minutes to upload a full 1080p vlog
like this is like a 10 minute this is
the vlogs at 14 minutes actually but
it's yeah it's all in 1080p in Apple
ProRes quality and it's taking 13
minutes to upload that's incredible
there we go the chromecast is all up and
running and I'm looking at a live twitch
stream of summer league of legends and
it's really making me want to play so
for a while I've always wondered
oh can you guys say it a bit wait wait
if you can it's like a whole up there if
you guys can see it let me try let me
try and show you you see that whole see
that whole just there there's like a
whole like I can't point there there it
is I want to see get up to it and like
feed away through because it might be oh
it might be a place where complete
through a wife
I'm not sure what doesn't get better my
go through this door look at this room
there man
it's pretty cool isn't it can you see
the dust particles coming through the
window how awesome is that I've been
really under estimating how cool this
room actually is for like a set imagine
doing like am an episode of tech flow in
here and having like the camera here and
then I stand like here how cool would
that be man that'll be absolutely
awesome but Jesus where does this thing
go
oh whoa it's a massive copper up there
can you guys see that a copper Jesus
right so much dust in here - makes you
cough you can literally see the dust in
the air you can literally see the dust
in the air what the hell hey look at
these things I'm gonna put these things
on the wall in the room somehow these it
is quite cool these two things are gonna
Trump put them on the wall somehow and
then there's a lot of cool stuff in here
as well which I'm not sure what I'm
gonna do with and stuff everywhere
really
so that hole that I wanted to get to is
about there like just under there so I'm
assuming it's gonna be somewhere don't
fall through the roof Alex somewhere
I'll know the borders it all out look
I'm not gonna have to get to the hole I
don't think how annoying is that because
I shot though how cool is that this
camera is just a beast
look at the dust man I'm so annoyed that
I can't get through there that is so
annoying hot I'd be able to get through
there and like be able to I don't know
why for I'll be able to do I thought I
might be able to get to that little hole
denied I don't know are so annoying what
I can do is drill through here though
and then on the other side of this wall
if I drill through there I can actually
install a little CCTV camera up there
down to the office which would look
pretty cool
if the weather's like it is today I
wondered whether you could get the drone
to come down and fly into the kitchen
yeah of course yeah well I'll bring what
I'll do it James I bring all my
equipment and then it's there isn't it
and then today I'm finished at the
office today we've got everything sorted
now tomorrow I need to go about going to
an antique shop and trying to find some
desks and stuff to use in in the office
gonna put there oh wow yeah so I need to
go to the office no no go to the antique
store see if I can find some desks for
the office because I want it all like
sort of reflect reclaimed wood style if
that makes any sense I want to look like
all reclaimed wood because you said I'm
gonna be feeling protect flowy now
filming for numerous clients and stuff I
want it to look wood looks really nice
on camera
is what I'm trying to say yeah so
because we were rushing about yesterday
we didn't actually get the tech flow
review finished so I need to get this
thing finished now put the b-roll over
the top of it render it out and then
upload it well I just got halfway
through an edit and we had a power cut
 brilliant
okay I did it
are you proud of me I find that really
difficult it just doesn't work in my
head but it's time guys I'm sorry okay
I'm sorry
look I'm blue I'm sorry okay I'm sorry
right Alex what the hell are you sorry
for
it's because it's because right let's
sit down I'll tell you guys this is
serious right I've missed the gym
in three days
what the hell sure what what look at me
I'm glowing in clothes I totally forgot
this thing blows I totally forgot ego oh
my god guys if you want to pick up some
my shoes I never plug this in any of my
videos but I've actually like a full on
clothing line I have full on company
this does these clothes for me so if you
guys want to go and buy some there's
some awesome designs I'll drop a link in
the description I just totally forgot I
was rolling the glow-in-the-dark one and
it delights my lies in here or automatic
and they've just turned off you can
literally see it glowing wait a minute
wait a second no fulfill my phone light
on you can see it's just white and then
a puzzled phone right away and then look
it's just it's it's that is green what
the hell on Rams have you put the phone
to it in de luck it whoa you can draw on
it with the phone light you can draw on
this thing with a phone light
let me scribble on it look
you can screw on the shirt with a phone
light so Jim is done now I'm all feeling
good I've had a gym session in three
days been to the gym had a shower
feeling refreshed feeling really good
and I've also just noticed how good the
low light is on this camera I mean all
I've got is Philips hue lighting this
room and bear in mind that these are
like different colored lights all around
the room so the cameras actually done
like a really good job of getting the
white balance right everything's in Auto
on a leaf everything an auto when I do
these vlogs so far anyway just to test
it and everything has just been perfect
but it literally is it's just been
amazing but this low light is incredible
there's no light in here at all it's got
the white balance correct even though
there's what he could have lights in
this room it's just a beast man I'm
going to methanol's because I'm really
hungry and then I'm going to someone's
house so yeah the drive-through
was close wasn't it thank you yo guys so
it's currently about half past five six
o'clock in the morning and I need to get
this vlog edited and then I'm gonna go
to sleep just go back from where I've
been and yeah that's pretty much the
last update of this blog I'm that kid
I'm literally nakid and I'm gonna edit
this vlog and then go to sleep and then
wake up in about five hours which I'll
see you guys in five hours in tomorrow's
vlog so adios
