so I'm going in my way in the bathroom
to do my hair because we're currently on
set at the moment for template there we
go all done now tragic guys what the
actual set of tech flow it's like well
I'd say set it's kind of just my bedroom
god jet here
he's currently putting something or
attempting to put something on this TV
to make it look a little bit more
atmospheric so we've got the LEDs on
behind the monitors we've got here's the
little setup here so this is we've got a
little old tripod here with a little
mini gorilla pod these are actually four
little cameras like this like little
little point and shoot cameras little
gorilla pods we've actually got the rode
mic attached to it so I pretty much just
stand right here with the mic right in
front of me so picks up my voice really
well we've got three lights one up light
down there and then two for the left and
right side of my face and then here is
the main setup we've obviously got the
main arena tripod which is a pretty
decent tripod in itself and then we've
got a Manfrotto head which is we use for
all of our b-roll shots and different
things like that and then we've got a
sony a7s which has seen better days with
the really cool lens on it and then
there's the Ninja Assassin which would
cause 4k and then jedd puts these
headphones on to monitor the audio
that's coming up the mic to make sure
everything is okay and that's the shot
that we've got so I'll be stood like
about about there which is pretty cool
so we're actually reviewing today this
like tsuki action camera load of people
have been asking us to do it and we've
just been putting it off just because
it's not the best like item but we've
actually thought of a pretty cool video
idea and just to see like can you
actually can you actually get you know
an action camera really cheap nowadays
so this is what this video is gonna be
about asking like can you actually get
an action camera that's cheap and
reliable and does the job compared to
like a GoPro for instance so Jed is
currently trying on some of my smart
shirts because because he's actually
going for a flat tour this afternoon
because he wants to he loves me that
much right yet he wants to move
to me he wants to move to our island so
the truth mate there's actually got a
flat toe a little bit later so we're
gonna go meet his new jazz girl for a
little bit later they're gonna go and
look around this flat and see if they
want to purchase it or Brent it choose
if they wanna rent it or not and he
wants to look jab what smiles so
Justin Justin up with my clothes smart
are you looking smarting tonight
so other than that we've just finished
filming the tech flow video about the
little where is it I don't know that's
one of that's a gopro hero4 here it is i
found you this is it the the little
action camera so we're gonna see if we
can get a cool action camera you all you
guys gonna find out if you can get a
cool action camera for under 100 quid
little EG unit i've put me up guys
probably minute with mini sign up there
look I've got the I've got the YouTube
thing there which is absolutely awesome
and then you walk through here and then
I've got the mini parking only sign
which i think is is really cool but for
now I need to actually configure this
wireless the wireless access point
rooted thing I bought this ages ago
knowing I was going to use it for the
office and obviously we're already a
small office like it's just me and me
and Jen and obviously if there's anyone
else at least to do any work there than
they can but I want to sort of set up a
server so what I'm thinking of doing is
the reason I bought this is because well
it's got wireless AC and different
things different things like that it's a
really powerful Rooter and what you can
actually do is plug by like an external
hard drive to do just one that got to
tear it's like a 500 gig one you can
plug it in USB in the back like that in
the back of the router and you can
actually use it as like a network
attached storage like an actual server
so we can share like files and stuff
around the office which should be really
really cool so I want to try and get
that self now and then I'm gonna do that
while Jen's obviously editing the tech
flow video which is gonna go out
tomorrow you can see your t-shirt turned
up
may just leave you speakers here and I
can play with him then get what you
doing mate
bring us the carpark Jeff what you doing
here what are you doing what you're
doing to the Cavs you got on a
skateboard mate what's going on we doing
what guys goes black book on his lowly
slaves okay calm mate see see you guys
soon so guys it's currently about half
past 8:00 at night I'm back at the
office and I've got to go and put the
tea visa one of them's gone right now
and we can put the other one up in one
of my friends offices down the
cooked-down corridor from me and then
one of the other rooms that he's got
once this needs to go hasn't been
finished yet so I need to wait for that
real to be finished it's not gonna go
put this TV up but the networking people
in here today so hopefully I can get the
network of women I wasn't internet so I
can actually get online and stuff and
get everything sorted out I have got the
JBL speakers over here got them all
paired up for a little bit of music but
for now
TV such time laughs this thing
there we go that is one TV up on the
wall looking pretty solid and I'm
through the point I've come back
upstairs and my internet light is still
flashing amber which means there's no
internet now so the eyes of the IT guys
are actually here and that's the server
with the leased line coming into it and
that's why I'm connecting to
ooh baby that'll do me
so all the internet is set up pretty
much what they've done is it bought the
Internet in through this port and
they're gonna put it back out through
this port and then like up to here this
these ports for the TV and then over to
the ports they're over there for my desk
so our Oota is all up and running and
we've got nice white lights or flashing
away which is brilliant so that is what
a 55 team inch 55 TV a 55 inch TV looks
like on the wall in here but if it makes
it look really small or not but it looks
absolutely awesome and it's huge now
this isn't our TV this is one that
someone else wants in the same office
building and it's not wanted to put it
on the wall in here just to see just to
see what a 55 inch TV would look like on
the wall to see if I need to get one
smaller or bigger or exactly the same
size and I think it's either inside the
perfect or it's a little bit too big so
you guys let me know you guys be the
judge should we get a 50 inch so 5
inches smaller than this one or get a 55
which is the same size as this one all
of it is loose you just to confirm some
finesse assignments anyway so guys I've
just finished a conference call so I
hope you guys have enjoyed today's vlog
and just before in today's vlog if
you're still here watching I just want
to say that I'm really enjoying using an
actual camera to vlog like for me it
makes this whole thing seem a little bit
more professional than just picking up
my phone and doing it like a little
lousy vlog I feel a lot more
professional doing it this way and I'm
hoping that's coming across in the vlogs
and stuff but other than that
Yes Mother
you guys have been awesome but you also
drop a like rating if you've enjoyed
because that really does help me out and
I'll see you in my next video adios oh
cool the touch ID is that fast that I
can't even show you guys my
notifications I'm Alex winks it just it
locks my phone the fuck's a way don't
yet boy
