this thing is awesome just look at the
quality it's the size of my face
I love this thing
then you said you had enough fun another
money
all the trains home are canceled some
staying with my girlfriend and they so
if you are unaware the other day I
attempted to get to Manchester on
Wednesday evening this week which was
two days ago and unfortunately every
single train was cancelled so I then got
on a train the next morning which had a
change in it one of the changes was
canceled I had to work in the train
station for an hour ended up managing to
somehow get down here to Manchester with
all the snow and all of the hail and all
of the what's going on storms
what's the storm called Caroline storm
Caroline I'm stuck with my girlfriend
and I can't go home which is actually a
really good thing because when I'm with
Maria it's the only time I actually
don't do work and it's really annoying
because if I was gonna stay here for
ages I would have bought my running gear
I didn't remember any of what I did
bring was this DGI spot this is not a
paid sponsorship by the way whatsoever
but I'm throwing this thing in my
backpack when I go anywhere this thing
is absolutely awesome look how small it
is
the Fox so I've been here before with
Maria this is called how do you say it a
flex and in here they sell a whole
manner of what I would call knickknacks
and random items which aren't really
really cool you're coming in places like
this really makes me think about the new
house and cool things that we could put
in the new house for example Maria was
looking at these and I think these are
really cool to have three animals in a
row in picture frames in the office he
covers the wolf the stag and then the
tiger
I'm just White House to be like really
unique one thing I've just support
obvious you could get something like
this and you could put like the Wi-Fi
code on it or you could have this guy
and you can say the Wi-Fi code is it's
just different but it's different on a
totally other level and that's what I
want every inch of that house to be my
guy's legit check this out look at this
you guys seen the film it that's so cool
I can have to invite all of you guys
around to the house when it's done
because it's gonna be mad
that's a cool face want a date
the spire is genuine Italian goes I'm
Aziz guy but we've come to ask Italian
because I'm wanting to check out the
competition
you know what I checked out the
competition
I really enjoyed that
cigars today has been really difficult
for a couple of reasons the main one
being I'm sort of stuck in Manchester
with my girlfriend which is a good thing
because I don't get to say very often
when she's down the end you guys know
that the last time we were down here we
did a what did we do reacting to people
setup and then telling them how to
improve and you guys really really
really enjoyed it which really surprised
me because I thought this was like the
lowest production thing that I could
ever do
but you guys absolutely loved it so here
we are again if you guys really like
this then please drop a like rating and
I will try and get my girlfriend in
videos more you probably don't even like
the content you just like probably
looking at my girlfriend they're all
teenage boys anyway we're here we were
reacting to yogurt setups I'll put a
tweet out ages ago Wow was that many of
you that put your setups in I've been
even to it again we're just gonna use
some of the older pictures drop that
tweet in the description if you guys
want to keep updating it with updated
pictures of your setups if we make this
a regular thing but this guy's is
Episode two of me and my girlfriend
Maria reacting to your guys gaming
setups and telling you how to improve
and you need to say more things than
just a cactus just because it's TV I
mean there's like three months that's
like why are we looking at okay so this
is in from Robbie and as you can see
he's had a fair few likes on his tweet
which have sort of applied to me which
obviously means a lot of people like
this soap and I can see why because it's
very you clean now but all my system is
clean isn't it what you mean most the
time no I don't we have some loose wires
okay so what I'm liking about this dude
is how clean this is it's just very very
clean and I am one for a clean set up
that is why I absolutely like they're
like cables anywhere it needs to be
clean I like the wallpaper that's my
wallpaper did you know that yep
what wallpaper is it what anyway work
hard anyway seven dude I'm giving you a
7 - that's nice you're really good
rating but just change that monitor
input and get a couple sets of LEDs put
it behind the monitor one at the desk
sorted dude great job and get some
stranger things yeah I guess yeah what's
what is that okay this one's just funny
because that I can't I can't tell I
don't want to sound mean but I can't
tell if he's taking the mick with that
still do you what do you think I think
that's a really low table that's like a
coffee table what's your good dude for
posture posture that's not good okay
dude I'm really digging it and I'm
liking the fact that you're playing
League of Legends but what I would say
is oh I need some desk chair and some
gaming tape well it's not whatever
system it is no every set of me okay
that's gonna be my one and probably only
critique of your set oh you actually
need to get a desk
you need some desk and some chair bro
you know I'm going to do for you Johnny
you know I'm going to do because some
nice guy description 5% off GT Omega
get yourself GT Omega bro okay know is a
three from me
I'm loving the razor gear though that is
really good gaming on a laptop could be
a little bit noisy dude get yourself a
desk GT Omega that thing will be looking
paying and also just like that one money
to cable behind the monitor spine
there's no excuse not for doing that
it's a three from me
okay okay okay um I think even I have
better than that yep okay dude I'm not
when you've sent your way from where you
thinking he's from Venezuela Venezuela
where's Venezuela okay I was gonna put
up a link in the video description to
some cable trunking from your desired
country as to which you reside however
we can't quite decide and where he lives
so just go to your local hardware store
get yourself some cable trunking and put
those cables in set trunking and stick
it to the wall bro because well that's a
mess dude I'm giving this a three again
you need some cable trunking bro there's
no excuses it's really cheap it's
plastic
what's your rating give me two
okay wow this is this this is this is
this this this okay to zone of LEDs
triple monitors he's got two massive TVs
that is a curve TV that is they curve
tele it's got the best of both worlds
it's got a flat one on the wall curved
Kelly
it's got everything this guy people are
gonna be jealous I'm jealous like why is
my room not look as cool as that or does
my room looks close that it doesn't have
a personal touch that's what it's
missing where's the personality come on
say it say what I know exactly what
you're gonna say is it a green thing
with spikes on it was any baby
he needs a cactus no but on a real dude
I think this setup is absolutely awesome
I love how clean it is you're going even
for the clean look without a mouse Matt
and I used to think that myself but then
actually found that mascots are quite
useful for tracking especially on my
desk but if you can get away with it on
yours that is fine yeah need work hard
anyway you can put the triple monitor
one on that look really nice everyone if
you haven't already and one who sends
them in next time whoa cut anyone using
it nine-nine it's just really nice is
very nice to you guys now it's very
pleasing it needs some personality broke
but good job okay well keeping with the
triple monitor theme we have Tegan this
is a girl setup what you're thinking
yeah I do have him I do have girls that
that watch my videos
okay taken I really really like this
this is really nice you're going for the
desktop PC mounted malarkey with the
whole thing on show she's brilliant
because you've got a window PC which is
awesome but wifey not got that lit up
inside like I can't see what's going on
inside that PC tower and considering
that it's on your desk you're obviously
trying to show it off so get some light
in there girl no black and white gray
and I like a pop of color I love that
all right I'm not gonna say it you just
say well what was the next thing I'm
gonna say
cable management Teagan what you doing
so wooden desks so put some little nails
at the bottom get some more cable ties
twist it together sort it right then
guys I'm gonna go ahead and end today's
vlog here I'm sorry for being a short
one as you guys know it's gonna be was
the pilots gonna be snowing tomorrow so
don't know if I'm gonna go I'm gonna try
and go home tomorrow morning but I'm
sure if no bail to get home because the
the weather and the storms and so guys
I'm gonna go ahead and get some rest
because I've got to be up super early in
the morning I'm gonna try and catch a
train home as usual guys - Ben I like to
this husband Murray f1 things to show
the guys and it's really really good and
I'm really happy for this I've had the
email today NEPA Blee think in Alex what
have you had the email before well let
me tell you what the email on my phone
about three hours ago about my car the
work has been done to it and he's been
living under a rock been telling you
guys that I took my car back to the mini
garage to have some work done to the car
by mini and honestly it's absolutely
awesome what they've done to my car so
guys I will see you in it tomorrow's
vlog guys stay awesome keep smiling
adios
