oh cool the touch ID is that fast that I
can't even show you guys my
notifications on my lock screens it just
unlocked my phone the say my don't
yet why in morning world how are you
doing my name is alex and to play today
is a big day it's been a big day I'm
gonna show you guys what I bought from
Beddoe hall yesterday so let's take a
trip downstairs and we'll see what we
got
actually no you guys know every mr.
day okay I've got two schools that I
bought yesterday wish you guys have
already so you put them in my room ones
in the bathroom and ones next to my desk
trying to get rid of the alcohol because
you guys said I like you're an alcoholic
even though I hardly ever drink alcohol
because I hate I hate it but this is
what I bought are you ready are you
ready comment ready if you're at now now
Jacob right ready 3 2 1
I bought this because this is cool you
guys know I Drive a mini right so check
this out this is mini parking only and
then it says we're sorry it's personal
how cool is that so I'm gonna like to
stick that on the drive and just piss
everyone else off that lives at this
house so that is that that is absolutely
awesome and then we've got the TVs here
which we need to take round to the
office and we've got this totem pole now
I don't know what I'm gonna do with this
guy he's absolutely awesome and I love
him check him out that's the totem pole
that boy and then we bought all of this
so these are little props to go on the
desks and stuff we've got some little
elephants there's a little horde of them
these were all individually priced I
think the smallest one was like 17 quid
the bigger one was no that's a smaller
cells about 17 this one's like 25 and
this one was like 35 so they're all
ridiculously expensive these schools
were ridiculously expensive again that
was probably the cheapest but most
coolest thing we bought that is the
little motorbike not sure what I'm gonna
do with that and then we bought this we
thought this would look really cool in
the back of videos imagine this little
thing here it was Jen's idea actually
imagine this like blurred out in the
back of videos with the candles lit and
we're trying to like show products and
stuff like that say upload you have a
Bluetooth speaker sat in front of it for
tech flow and we're trying to do a video
and you have these on and the background
is blurred out it'll absolutely awesome
so we bought that and then there's
for a wooden table that it's all sound
now this this is really cool this is an
actual tree look this is the legit -
it's even a bit of a rock in there from
where when they found it from and these
actually get carved out they're
expensive these little table things but
the great thing about them is that
there's not wanna like like they're all
different if that makes sense because
all the tree or trees are different so
they're all cut in different ways so
obviously look this used to be like a
stump that would go up here and one up
here and they've just made it really
thin so obviously it's all it's all hand
done so it's hopefully gonna look really
cool in the office having all the
products on here and doing like there
there's a top-five stuff and then we
also bought these cool things these are
really hard to see but yeah that's it
that's what we bought so we need to take
all that I just literally fell over we
need to take all that stuff around to
the office today and then I missed a
delivery yesterday so we need to go to
the post office and get that delivery so
hopefully they own it today's love I'm
gonna be able to do this and the quality
will get so much bad so we've got baby
Mars all there I'm going to try and get
this 55 inch TV and all this crap inside
the back of the car oh dear
I think we've managed to fill up the
mini coop as much as we can the stuff
each foot well look how much room I've
got to drive but literally I've got that
much room to sit in the car and I'm a
small guy and all of you guys you small
bastard but that's not fair okay I've
got a drive and I need to be safe and
that isn't safe but oh well there's
nothing we can do look I can see me
hello so we're in the post office now
picking up what's hopefully gonna be a
very nice piece all right got a parcel
on the road open it didn't know already
and I've said it a few times because you
guys have been absolutely awesome on the
channel and on these vlogs anyway like
bar my main channel let's leave that
aside for the second you guys have been
showing so much support leaving so many
like ratings and so many awesome
comments on these daily vlogs and I
really thank you guys for that because I
try really hard to do it and so I said
to you guys if I got 2,000 likes on a
video I will buy the rx100 mark for to
vlog with I've bought one and I bought
it secondhand off eBay because they're
really expensive and I just don't have
that sort of money to spend at the
moment I found one online for a really
good price and I thought I'm gonna buy
it for you guys and I have bought it on
eBay just unboxed it I'm in the car and
look at this photo that we found on it
obviously I bought it on eBay I hope you
like the camera look at thatmy so cool
right so ready we're gonna switch to the
ice 100 mark 4 in 4k in three two one
boom Eon is it going Hans what's my
quality like rockin and rollin let's see
what how wide it is if I hold it out
guys surely how cool is that
is that sick how cool is that quality
guys it's awesome and how's the image
stabilization the best test for a new
camera is a cat hello sir how are you
doing yes good you can't see a thing can
you because you just blind you are a
blind cat right I've changed I've
changed the focus part of the camera to
send
so wherever's in the center should
hopefully go into focus
oh that's worked perfectly yeah Merlin I
don't make now mate hey Tim
Otis comes the realization that this
camera doesn't stabilize the 4k footage
so I've changed it now to 1080p
I think this is going to be a good
compromise because it records in 60fps
instead of 24 fps
and it will stabilize it for you guys so
everything's now nice and stable this
quality is absolutely incredible guys
it's blogs I've gone to another level
then they've gone to level 10 mate level
10 out of 9 so I've gotta take this
little unit to the office as well
we've taken some more stuff to the
office earlier like the TV's which were
there but yet we've got to take this the
rest this unit and then I'll take you
guys over to the operation you can see
what's going on there and then for the
rest of the days yet we've got a lot
much not not much man that way we just
tech finance order or just tech boom
we're flowing with it was laying with
the plan
right so guys this is the new office in
proper 1080p not crappy iPhone
wide-angle crappy lens 1080p proper
1080p we've got a jet down there setting
up it's kept sound system is going to
leave it here while whilst he's sorting
out his new plans stuff we've just got a
maybe that's 55 isn't it 55 inch TV
these are white explain the other day
there's two boy twos there as well these
are four obviously this office building
is masters let me show you guys that
actually he just learned other offices
down there so yeah these TVs actually
aren't for us these are for someone else
within this office who wants some help
again some TV the major I said we know
what we're doing about TVs so we will we
will so we just sense the major the real
work and then we're gonna go put them in
the other people's offices for them but
this is our office I'm gonna give you
guys a proper - a proper look round so
we've got like a nice view out these two
windows here which are not gonna show
you guys too much hours and then we got
these gorgeous beams LED lights there
and up here some lights long lights
there
and then yeah this is doing a bit TV up
there we're gonna have Media Center down
there Jed's desk is gonna be there
mine's gonna be there gonna have some
cool stuff over there and stuff and then
up here there's actually a door up here
this is a door really cool door up here
so that closes and then yeah pretty much
you come up here and this is really cool
room up here which is absolutely awesome
so it's going to be really cool to do
some shooting in and we can store
products and stuff it's like a little
bit over there I'm not sure too much
what you guys can see but yeah that's
that little room I'm just absolutely
awesome and this is this is the office
we've got like a little walkway in here
so you walk in you come out from this
office bit and then you walk in here and
it's like breath
so this is a starving
stop
being my honey
I absolutely love this totem pole it's
so cool I don't know how to put it there
guys
comment below where you think I should
put this totem pole every single corner
of my room is just piled up with
like this crew I need to try and clear
it out is just there's just crap
everywhere everywhere but I want to put
it somewhere I'm not sure it's brave but
can't find any way to put it I'll take
it to the office but hopefully you guys
have enjoyed today's video if you have
smash it with the light rating obviously
I've gone out and bought this really
cool expensive awesome slow motion
camera you guys have just seen some slow
motion stuff that means ever pissin
about in the kitchen with so it's like a
really cool camera and I'm gonna be
doing all the bugs with these things
with these things this thing from now on
so hopefully it looks really good
quality and you guys are impressed with
that and I'm so far I'm impressed with
it and yeah that's that's all I've got
to say about that but yeah you guys were
today's vlog and might as well as you
guys have been awesome I'll see you in
my next video yes
hey one day I'm just gonna eat your
whole outfit and I'm gonna surprise it
when I go to the end up with some brown
yet me see how they are you gonna put
some Brown my head when I said yes sick
