whoa okay so looks like there's some TVs
TVs in the house 42 inches beautiful and
the 50-inch to have 55 inches Jesus very
very very good morning to you all my
name is Alex and welcome back to another
video every day we've been doing this
now for over a month which is absolutely
insane and it is a really cool milestone
that we are has changed gay with one
hand here yeah yeah and I'm really
psyched about like I've been doing this
now for over a month which is absolutely
insane so I'm hoping you guys are
enjoying them and I can clearly see that
with the amount of use likes and
comments you guys are leaving and all
the positive stuff down the comment
section down below so I really
appreciate that
got a really big date plan today going
to pick up Jed and then we need to go
and check around the office because
apparently they put the floor down which
is going to be cool to check that out
and then we need to go and find Jed a
job yeah is a fine Jedi job because he
wants a job other than tech flow and
then I need to go to Meadowhall again
and pick up my Apple watch which has
apparently been fixed now Moshe I'm
getting a brand new one on
dyma clue what will what got to don't
know if they've prepared it or just
gonna give me a brand new one but I need
to go and collect that today and then I
need to go to this special shop in the
meadow hall center which sells really
weird items like we're like totem poles
and I need to buy a few totem poles for
the office because they look absolutely
awesome and I want to try and keep the
obvious out in like this wood and tote
and stuff which looks absolutely awesome
hey Liam it's a getting us judge their
house Wi-Fi on your site mate or side
right so I've got some space on my phone
it's the love edited yesterday's vlog
yet but they put the floor down at the
office you can see them walking around
in it just piss the batwave below so
yeah we're going to get tomato on today
obviously as I've explained earlier and
we're gonna try and buy some like
peripherals stuff not peripherals boys
it accessories room accessories come on
you complete imbecile we need to get in
there and get and get a really
overpriced watch pity today please let
me visit today ah it's not that bad
right so in the back of meadow okay okay
I'm sorry now time
oh we've asked gun steady gun hey Bella
so we understand away about from
Meadowhall and check the light pollution
from these police cars it just looks
really cool that you guys can see that
that looks so cool
I don't know what's going on down there
though that's crazy
so I've been taken right back to the
year 2000 we've got an absolutely killer
set of kept speakers now no we haven't
bought these at Meadowhall Jed explain
what happened dude it's on Facebook
yesterday right and and I was just
rolling down his page I'm on on Facebook
which is basically just people have
certain things a bit like eBay booked on
a Facebook page I'm thankful I clicked
into by chance and then a scroll down
twice and literally these are there and
I just saw the word keV
which are like really respected brand in
there in the sound industry and I saw
the price 50 quid I have to get laid and
I looked them up and network about 1,200
quid but you got a 1200-pound
set of speakers than 50 quid genius so I
know all of you guys are absolutely
tching to see what I bought from
Meadowhall forth you know our face wait
let me tell myself pink see this works
my pic now on my pink so yeah I think
you guys gonna be actually to see what I
bought all the schools and stuff let me
give you a little bit of an example I
bought one of these things here which is
right here which is this little skull
these are the two smallest ones by the
way and there's one in the bathroom
which Jeb's idea was to put it there and
it looks absolutely awesome but we just
put a set of bathrooms a bit of a sound
test of these kept speakers because they
sound up to the Amazings and the
acoustics in this room it's a bit echo 8
but we'd be able to hear the sound
really well so I've got the sub down
there so just gonna stay here and test
this out for a bit but yeah that's gonna
be it for today's vlog tomorrow as well
I'm going to show you guys what we've
actually bought for the off base
yet all the stuff because we actually
take you around to the operas and stuff
so yes that is all good oh by the way as
well my Apple watch is all sorted it's
all working they got me a brand new one
which is absolutely awesome so it's sort
of me out hopefully it doesn't break
like the last one did stupid Apple
products but yeah okay cool hey you guys
enjoyed but if you have leave a lot
rating and the comment the stuffs the
usual and I'll see you in my next video
right so hey guys what's going on
my name is ice and welcome back to
another vlog which you've been doing
every day for the last sort of month now
so that's really cool but I needed
coffee because I'm just I feel I feel
like I just want to collapse but a
little and get a coffee
