right so hey guys what's going on my
name is ice and welcome back to another
vlog which you've been doing every day
for the last sort of month now so that's
really cool but I'm good coffee because
I'm just I feel I feel like I just want
to collapse but a little and get a
coffee so last night I was live
streaming as you can see I need to clean
this room now looking looking a bit
cleaner is it looking a bit better I
think that'll do well let you just
finish watching a load of Nicola larvas
videos well I say a load of them I
watched that one that one that one that
one without Sun let me repeat that some
of the things she says are true but it's
the way that she says them which really
fit right if I can find somewhere to
prop up my phone I will be amazed
obviously I need to prop it up somewhere
where it'll look good and it can
actually see me doing it like this the
camera sort of looks at the floor which
is really annoying okay yeah moving a
little bit then that's fine right I'm
gonna sit here here Jake underscore says
hashtag ask Mars do you get paid off
YouTube do YouTube pay me Jacob do you
think each you pay me do you think you
did you give me money you think they do
yes right okay pretty much how it goes
down is I think most youtubers get paid
by YouTube but I actually don't I get
paid by a network I'm with a managed
network committee with a very small
network but I prefer to be with the
network because a network can sort of
take care of you if there's been any
problems with anything or any copyright
your network is always there to defend
you and it's like a barrier between you
and anything that goes with copyright so
hopefully that makes a little bit of
sense to you guys
I'm not directly partnered with YouTube
I know a lot of youtubers are but I'd
say most youtubers have a network and
they're partnered with a network now
those bigger networks out there like
machinima used to be a really old
network that was like one of the first
game networks it was out there but now
there's like full screen maker which is
run by Walt Disney
there's loads of YouTube networks out
there and it's just one you want to
choose and it's know they all do the
same thing pretty much and but yeah it's
whoever you want to go with you get with
that network so yeah
YouTube's like my full-time thing I sit
here and make each you videos every
single day and yeah no no okay cool
so this is one Jacob could actually
answer at some scissors rock not to
resent that right dude but he said
hashtag ask Mars where do you get the
motivation to go to the gym because I
haven't gone to the gym in one and a
half months okay so Jacob let me
rephrase it why do you like to box why
do you like to box and why do you like
to play football is it because you enjoy
it and anything else because your white
box is it because you want to get better
at it and you want to get fit by boxing
so he said yes to all three of those
things I'm not sure he's just saying yes
to reasons other than the actual reasons
but yeah it's that's that's the reasons
that you do it it's because you enjoy it
you want to get better at something ie
like lifting or you want to get stronger
and the thing is I find it fun when I'm
at the gym
with myself I love music so I've got
music on or Jed yeah and then I usually
go running and obviously I'm with jet at
least once every week I try to go to the
gym every week so I can't usually go to
the gym when Jets here so what we need
to do is I usually go for a run
instead Jeb will follow me on one of my
sweat ways and we will talk business he
stuff while I'm running so I don't know
like being in the gym doing running just
doing exercise it releases what's called
endorphins in your body which make you
feel good
feel good in general feel good about
yourself they can make new ideas spring
into your head and it's just cool to be
able to just feel better about yourself
feel like you're actually doing
something positive to your body
it just takes every single book there's
nothing negative about doing any
exercise man it's so fun and it's like a
drug once you get into doing it and once
you get every tuned it's like going it's
hard to stop so try and get yourself
into a routine get yourself a nice
spotify playlist going take a listen to
some tunes in the trim I've got a
Spotify playlist with my tunes and stuff
on it so you can follow that I'll put a
link in the description but yeah it's
just about having fun isn't Jacob at
James new 12 says how did you manage to
get through doing I know I didn't it
didn't say laughter so I just did a lie
okay ready
at James new 12 says how do you manage
getting through hate from YouTube either
from people at school or outside so
Jacob you are a howl d6 and do your
friends in school take the mick out of
each other as some people horrible
sometimes yeah and what horrible things
do they say do the college of the
College of the names do you call it do
people call your names and things oh
never dude I know what you're saying
because back when I was fifteen I
attempted to make youtube videos and
they got out in my school and everyone
knew that I made YouTube videos and to
be honest it really wasn't that bad it
really wasn't that bad actually a lot of
other people in the school that I was in
started making YouTube videos because I
made them which was sort of like you
know Alex you inspired me to do it but
then again there was those weird people
that were like oh that's so sad that's
so sad and if you think about it it's
just not because what are they doing
they go home and do absolutely nothing
after school you're going home and
you're actually trying to do something
with your life you're trying to
entertain an audience you are a people
person other than these people that are
taking the mick out of you doing it dude
so that's the thing like it's just
stupid when people take the mick out of
it because you're actually trying to do
something with my life so your response
could be like well at least our
trying to do something with my life
unlike you that's gonna get absolutely
no because to do this YouTube thing
you've got to be many things you've got
to be creative you've got to know what
you're doing with editing software
you've got to know what you're doing
with camera software you've got to be
able to play games if you're a gamer
each other you've got got to be good at
gaming or you know you've got to be a
good talker you've got about to run your
mouth for a long time you've gotta be
good at a lot of things did this YouTube
thing like no random person can just
pick up a camera and start talking you
know I mean you have to say you have to
say then look into the camera and say
comment Jakob is awesome if you want me
to do YouTube videos so my hair is like
really flat I don't even know what's
going on and but I just want to talk to
you guys on the vlog about something
because I've just talked I've just
talked about it on snapchat and I've
tweeted about it but I just want to
really hammer at home because the thing
that I really really really believe him
so for the last sort of half an hour 45
minutes I've let you've been sat at my
desk video replying to what you guys
have been saying to me on snapchat
I get snapchats obviously all the time
from you guys too many that I can
actually reply to but I've sat here
tonight and as snapchats have come in
I've replied to people doing a video
message and said hey dude I really
appreciate the message I hope you're
alright and stuff and I'm just trying to
talk to you guys and interact with you
because something's happened to me
tonight right someone said something to
me I'm not gonna go much more into it
than that someone said something to me
and they personally they won't think
that it's done anything they'll think
I'll that's fine that's fine that's fine
I'll still be friends with them or
whatever oh yeah people can say stuff
and they might think that's not going to
affect him but that can read like words
are really powerful words are like just
as powerful as actions are like if that
makes sense so I've tweeted this tonight
I've put out and I think people can
really underestimate like what their
words and actions can do to other people
and I've put them up there on snapchat
like just think before you think twice
before you say something to someone
because you don't know if that's gonna
ruin that day
what you've said to them or you know I
mean do you guys get why I mean like I
tried I try not to be negative and I
really remember track I'm a really
positive person like a battle to be
positive I'm like right now like trying
to be positive and I'm I'm fine I'm
absolutely fine but like you guys get
what that means so I know it would mean
the world to you guys if I replied to
your snapchats so that's what I've been
trying to do so I haven't been looking
at the camera you guys weren't there and
so yeah I've been trying to like reply
to your guys snapchats and stuff and
I've done that for the last 45 minutes
and now nakid so I'm gonna go to bed but
I just thought I'd include this at the
end of today's video just to make sure
that all of you guys are like thinking
before you speak and stuff because I
don't know man
obviously often I was on idea channel
earlier for tech sauce you guys know
texels min him have done the videos and
I've done a video my main channel about
my setup and it got featured on set it
was and I was looking through the
comments on on on his on his channel and
looking through the comments on his
channel or on the video that I was
featured in and there's the majority of
the comments 95% of the comments are our
master ourselves called Mars bars the
cable management got mask ourselves
awesome and I've replied to every single
one of them I've literally replied on
YouTube comments to all of those but
I've also gone ahead and replied to the
people that were like I hate that Mars
bar guy I hate him I want to spit on his
grave I want him to get cancer someone
literally poor in tech sources video
comments I want Alex to get cancer now I
know these are YouTube comments and you
know I've had my fair share I'll do I'm
sure every youtuber has of hatred
comments it's just what YouTube is like
that's what happens on YouTube no matter
who you are but for the fact that all I
taught the only reason I do videos is to
entertain people to inspire people to
give people my advice because obviously
I know my audience is a little bit
younger than me so if I give them my
advice hopefully they can take it and do
better sort of thing I don't do this for
any other reason I don't do this for
personal gain
I don't do this to show off I mean look
at my face man not that I don't I'm not
doing this because I think I'm
self-centered I just I'm just I don't
care you know I mean like oh whatever I
don't know no I'm trying to say I just I
just want me I just wanna make sure all
of you guys on here like decent people
yeah because I don't want negative
people I don't like it I don't like it
and it was the point like if there is
someone who's like don't put hate
comment to someone just like think how
much nicer it would be not to do it and
just to walk away or just to you know so
if you've said something about this and
why everyone makes mistakes right I'm
rambling okay I'm gonna end this vlog
here I hope you guys have enjoyed it -
Manoj you guys have been awesome I'll
see you in tomorrow's video smiles vlog
which I'm going to Meadowhall in so yeah
again adios fool we just we know there's
a little Jam in the kitchen and then
you've got more - I hope we Sunday
starts out sat down in front of the
telly
watching for Super Sunday doesn't really
get any better than this does it they
did you know you know very well are you
good morning guys I've woken up on the
wrong side of his bed this morning
