we just cleaned ourselves a little jam
in the kitchen and then you've got more
toys how every Sunday starts out sat
down in front of the telly watching for
Super Sunday doesn't really get any
better than this does it and they did
you know you know very well are you good
morning guys
I've woken up on the wrong side of his
bed this morning feel a little bit
rubbish and I'm not sure why but I
mentioned yesterday that way to repeat
the gym session that was meant to do
yesterday I was like sorry PA today
didn't do what I thought it would do to
me I felt fine after it and I don't like
to feel fine after a gym session so I'm
gonna go in the gym now
there we go all finished I tried to
time-lapse like the first quarter of it
so hopefully you guys saw it there but
I'm having my first protein shake in
about four or five week no probably six
it's now eight maybe ten weeks so three
two one please don't go everywhere beg
you there we go that should sort me out
that should be enough protein for the
day
actually no I'm gonna finish off my
protein yogurt and then I've got more
protein in there okay I think we'll
probably end up now
okay so I've just put the shower on
which is great know what I've done but
I'd even know what I've done send a text
to peanut butter crunchy Kit Kat chunky
saying are you coming round tonight
makes question mark send just babe right
so I'm just gonna get in the car now and
I'm gonna get myself up daquiris which
is an electrical store here in the UK
because a little bit of a backstory the
person who is well the others an office
building right which my office is gonna
be in and there's obviously going to be
numerous of the businesses in this
massive building and he wants me to go
out and get some TVs some big TVs he
wants to forty inch to 42 inches and one
55 inch TV so I'm doing I'm running them
a little air and now I'm gonna go to
curries and see if I can pick up some
TVs for it okay boys quicken out and
we're done hopefully this still open
because they're closed in like five
minutes
here we go
videos until YouTube yes my arrow
seriously USB doing the review a man I
can't believe it's met a viewer in my
local quarry store that is insane
but I've found this one which is two
hundred sixty nine forty two inches
exactly what it wants its got like a
creamy bezel on it looks pretty good for
the price so I'm going to pick two of
these up for him today and hopefully he
pays me back the little bastard slightly
annoying because they don't have them in
stock which is an issue don't have to go
back order them online to the store and
then come back and pick them up but they
told me that it's really hard now to
find a TV which is 55 inches that isn't
4k press that's a hard thing to do you
know what I kind of believe them but I'm
gonna do some research online when I get
back and see what I can find
just watch
the TVs are all ordered both from LG I
think they're both the same model just
bigger one of them is a 55 inch and one
of them is a 42 inch all ordered with
her total price a 1097 right so I'm
currently live on twitch.tv pods - mr.
Mars bar we've got all you guys in the
chat right I'll give you guys a check my
everyone spam now right and when you
when you spam in when you guys are
spamming I'll put you I'll put you in
the video okay well we couldn't plan
some zombies Toby's gonna go down first
please look at me a lot
look at the gazer look at look at the
mad look at the mad gazer and I'm
talking some grenades down there I need
to stop recording because we're gonna
die let's do this uprising from the
microphone is a wild Mars bar right I've
tried to zoom right there and there's
Toby as you can see just over here we've
got the Pete tracker and it's getting
absolutely mad there's me on twitch.tv
force mr. Mars bar you guys are spamming
and it will not really sperm in the chat
hello
and there's Toby let's have a
first-person view have been playing a
game I'm just gonna open up I can't do
this room where I kept doing this on on
the last stream but the my phone stopped
recording all the time so guys I'm just
ending at ending ending the stream right
now but this holding my iPhone and this
little webcam which is currently on the
stream as you can see this is really
hard I'm getting really confused and
tomy but here as well but yeah I'm
ending today's vlog here and ending
today's stream here at the same time so
you've enjoyed you can't turn it off
with the power wait you take it you
click that you get that Mouse there and
you need to click where that tickets
yeah that little take up broadcast and
then that one yet to click that right so
guys thank you enjoyed my husband Alex
you guys have been awesome it's been
Toby this been Toby
hey the stream there's the chat and
we'll see you in and there's ammo stuff
over there Colt foals and stuffs and
we'll see you in the next thing stream
video whatever adios adios adios
while I look like when I get out of the
shower
wash my face you get myself sorted out
because the days of big day boys and
girls
