while I look like when I get out the
shower wash my face and get myself
sorted out because the days of big day
boys and girls
there we go I'm all done I'm ready for
the day I've actually done my hair today
and I'm trying to look decent because
I've got record to videos today now I
need to get which is my pen
this one I got there's a pump marker
pens down here and I need to show you
guys something oh I want to do like a
plan here so what I want to do is get a
main main channel main channel video
done and then I want to get a this
channel so vlog channel video done some
video done these are both trailers like
that and then I've also got record
another setup video because I want to
get more in depth about this setup and
then what are you doing out because I'm
actually collaborating with a dude
called tech sauce you guys might know
him and he's gonna be doing a video on
my setup and other people setups and so
I need to do a setup video pretty much
but I want to go in depth on lot more of
this stuff and how okay we'll manage
everything and I'd also like to record a
Q&A but I don't think I'm gonna be able
to get that done today which is
unfortunate but hopefully I can I need
to go get me some food
and start the day because well you can't
do any of this on an empty stomach
guys it doesn't leave us okay no-one
knows that I put this golden syrup in
this porridge born girls add the
porridge and I'm gonna write down this
to start the day oh closed door we've
got freaking work to do
pull-ups I forgot the baby wipes there
we go I've got them you've got me
thinking eyes wide you want baby wipes
any more because if you look like I
think better stay on the camera so
there's just crap on my desk and I want
to make sure all of this is clean before
I start filming not necessarily the
channel trailers but the actual in-depth
desk setup tour thing so I need to make
sure all of this is clean in here as
well so now I've got some tired
to do
so as the sun goes down here the setup
is looking really clean I haven't
actually cleaned this set up properly
ever since ever since I've had it really
exceptionally the monitors are all on
monitor arm so it's really hard to clean
them as soon as you start to move them
about they all start to get out of place
so it's good to actually finally get
there and give them give them a good old
clean now I've just gone downstairs and
made some ribs I'm gonna hook into these
and then I'm gonna go and get out my
camera gear and start filming for my
desk tour like in depth and what I want
to get out of this video is obviously
I'm doing this in partnership with tech
sauce which is absolutely awesome if you
guys don't know texels I'll drop a link
to his dad his channel down in the
description but he covers setups he does
he does lots of series it just like it's
a really cool channel he does if you
guys are into like pcs and stuff he does
videos on the ultimate pcs people's
ultimate pcs people's ultimate setups
and it does reviews and stuff which is
absolutely awesome so you wanna check
them out or drop his link in the
description but I'm doing this in
collaboration with him and I'm also
doing this because I get a lot of
questions and I just want to answer it
all in one video about everything that
I've done because it turns out I didn't
think of it I didn't think I was any
good at this but it turns out you guys
are actually quite interesting how I've
done certain things and I thought it was
quite obvious but obviously it's not so
I'm gonna do this video to try and help
everybody out so that's what my
intention is of doing this so I took a
little bit of David Bowie on right so
I'm gonna need this 18 to 35 millimeter
lens which says follow your bliss on it
beautifully I'm gonna need the number
one sony a7s I'm gonna need an atomist
Shogun us and the Shogun
the answer was ninja assassin I'm gonna
need a battery and I'm gonna need two
more batteries for some light meter
lights get one light two lights gonna
need some light stands and I think we're
done though here we go I've got the
atomists here just powering up and it's
about to show me what the camera can see
and I've got it attached by this really
long HDMI cable so what I can do is
actually take the camera around the
setup and hopefully this cable should
hopefully if there you guys come on it's
attached to the Atome so then I can hit
record on here everything gets recorded
to this device in 4k because this camera
can't actually record 4k but it can
output it there's a difference it can't
record it to an SD card but it can
output it via its HDMI cable so what I'm
doing is I've attached the camera to
this 4k recorder that's pretty much what
this device does and it allows me to
record 4k and this is my microphone I've
got on top of the cameras obviously I'm
gonna be like this behind the camera so
obviously that microphone is picking me
up really really really crisp probably a
little bit too crisp but you never know
I don't know then how it you know you
know I don't even know how it's gonna
sound hopefully it's gonna sound like a
radio show and that will be really cool
oh so there we go it's all recorded all
finished the setup
well desk setup video is all completed I
can now wipe this off the board and now
it's time to record the main channel and
vlog channel trailers because I want to
do trailers for these two channel you
guys know what the trailer is like it's
the thing that when you click on it
someone's youtube channel it plays there
and you know it's pretty much tells
people why they should subscribe and
explains what sort of videos are on the
channel so I'm gonna go and set up a
camera and record those both now right
so I've got this little set set up here
with the guitar in the background with
that in the background and I've got my
two lights and my main camera with this
about to start recording down here so I
thought someone's at my door then right
okay so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
pick up this phone in about that what a
bump it was good dude this is the
channel trailer right so this is gonna
be the channel trailer for this channel
Mars bar vlogs so I'm gonna start
recording with this camera and then
finish off recording with this camera so
you guys will see what I'm gonna do in a
sec let me just prop this up here like
this and then I'm gonna pick you guys up
in a second and hopefully hopefully this
is gonna work
yo yo yo yo yo right obviously if you're
listening to me right now if you can
hear me you're not subscribed to my
youtube channel this little phone right
here I pick up this phone right here and
I do daily videos on this YouTube
channel now these videos are daily there
we go channel trailer has been recorded
for the main channel and the things with
the channel trailers I've tried to make
them as natural as possible I don't want
to script it I'll let you try to stand
there and say white guys this is why I
need subscribe to my channel and then
that's pretty much all I've done yeah so
hoping now that people should see it
that I'm subscribed and think are these
guys even more of a freak than me so I'm
gonna subscribe to him that was one that
was the intention that I wanted anyway
just look yeah hey crazy know his take
this punch bag down they've no white
it's off
I haven't been using it so there we go
put that to one side and today its arms
and abs so I'm just gonna do it I don't
want any interruptions I'll catch up
with you guys afterwards so guys I've
just got back upstairs from the workout
it really wasn't that bad it was only
arms and it hasn't really done much to
me so I think I'm gonna redo it again
tomorrow morning
but I've already taken my top off and
I'm not gonna put one back on now to
record the end of this so I hope you
guys have enjoyed mine as much as you
guys have been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video adios
legenda Oh cousin violence meruna Pat
won't put my miles we got jet on the
line but playing the music I'm naked
cause I've been going to see this even
fast Jesus another few miles together
