agenda including a mile into my runner
about 1.1 miles we got jet on the other
nine but playing the music I'm naked cuz
i've been going super super fast Jesus
another few miles together my grammas
whisper tree build me a new like
holy it on my manly with you so this is
a story being canceled
am I honey
no to stop this now
me and my honey
there we go 2.2 miles at a 718 pace a
bit of a longer run than usual well
point2 of a mile longer run than usual
and it killed me the ninebot is on one
bar battery you were saying you were
just lucky it's been the body nine bart
with it with a JBL helicopter that looks
sick yeah it was slowing down wasn't it
you said yeah when he gets little
barfing it slows down you get back for
the-- and then was it did you start to
like stop let's slow down yeah the rap
is only now yeah he's other massage
regime but he's like proper lying on it
it's lecture on my favorite things of
all time it's just genius though isn't
it yeah I think that's a gorgeous
meringue map
look at my hair looks like a freakin
mushroom anyway check this out I'm
really annoyed actually I don't if you
have to see this at all now you put you
won't be able to see it I know you can
you know I can see I can see it happens
it now that I've crapped my phone screen
which is really really really running
really annoying but look how go and show
on sonic what I'm going to do is sell
this phone and then now I'm going to get
it fixed sell it then by the rx100
because you guys left over 2,000 light
ratings on the vlog where i said if i
get 2,000 light ratings i buy now x 100
so you guys win I'm gonna have to buy
one and now crack this phone it's all
added up so I needle isn't it as in
properly phone there so assault was all
running down adding down the god those
are i stir fry them up nothing earlier
there's nothing around your mouth baby
mmm right for them it's a I shall see
you very soon be soon yeah you think no
I don't go to Lincoln no Johnny what's
up only my cuz they later boat right so
I'm just tryin to my grandmas and pretty
much I just dropped Jenna for the
training station and she's text me today
she's having problems of their internet
again I've come around really fast
wishing locks her game so I'm going to
try and climb over my get over her gate
that she locks and scarier Easter always
come through here as a kid like a
fountain but you've gotta be really
careful not gonna fall in oh my god
right everything she's got security now
it's come on push it right okay probably
share this up she sat right
haha no worries okay all right l then
I'll see you soon see you bye-bye saved
saved an email it's a real-life story
okay i watch it i watch it that we are
just sorted out my grandma she's all
back up and running there really wasn't
any issue i lecture clicked on google
and the internet was working fine I
don't know what she does I literally
don't know what she does the fewer
there's a few of the tracks that have
found as well as this one that's called
city needs sleep which is an absolute
tune right let's give this let's give
this one a bit of volume
well the slops oh yeah is second school
in ter there we go come back got me a
little bit of got me a little bit of
chicken going on and you can't go wrong
with a bit of chicken and seasoning need
to need to keep myself bed because all
I've had all day is for cheese ravioli
which isn't good it doesn't really watch
what you want so we'll have some of this
we've got this on the job so here's the
thing right a lot of youtubers or you
know these days loggers appear to try
and actually Wow their audience and do a
lot of stuff be inspirational and that's
one of the things I love to do and it's
one of the things that I do very
naturally apparently which is what you
guys so you guys say I'm inspirational
which is really cool you say that's
because you know I've started a business
and I do all this cool stuff and I'm
doing something with my life but in
plain reality I just really want to be
honest with you guys I'm not going to
hide anything I don't do daily videos to
try and make people think any better or
worse of me I just do these videos so
you guys can see what I do on a daily
basis now I'm not doing this to address
anything I just want to be honest with
you guys and tell you guys what's been
going through my head over the last sort
of four or five months and it all pretty
much started when I moved into this
house which was absolutely great I did a
series on the main channel called video
log and I moved to this house and you
guys loved it and that did the ultimate
set up series which inevitably went a
little bit viral with the first episode
gang over a million one hundred thousand
a million views which is incredible but
I also brought along a lot of negativity
to the channel a lot of people thought
you know because of my size and they
thought I was a lot younger than I was
and they thought that you know my
parents bought me everything and
contrary to pop you to believe my
parents are actually split up
which is a major shame but I'm not not
going to get into that but I did all
this set of stuff and now everyone just
expects that from me on the main channel
that that is what people expect me to do
so then I started up the series called
the gaming debt now I'm not much more I
can do to that room I live in a house
with a lot of this this is a big house
but it's got a lot of people living in
it and it's the garage of this house
isn't just my room to go and take down
gels and and do what I want with it so
the issue that I'm really facing is I'm
running out of ideas of things to do
that it gaming related on my main
channel and I feel on the main channel
like if I was to go but you know if I
was to do something a little bit landish
like do something that I want to do on
that channel then people on that channel
might not like it and that is really
really that is a really horrible thing
knowing that I've got a YouTube channel
which at one point I was proud of but at
the moment now i procrastinate uploading
to it now that if you've noticed but I
used to upload every three or so days on
my youtube channel now I upload once or
twice every two weeks and it's actually
really really really been getting to me
like seriously getting to me and the
thing is I sit here and I say to myself
Alex you're just being stupid it's your
YouTube channel do what you want but I
want to make sure you guys are happy and
stuff and other thing is I'm an over
thinker and I tell you guys are my
overthinking only creates problems that
don't really exist so don't overthink
but it's much easier said than done
which is unfortunate but I just didn't
want to get that off my chest and I
wanted to let you guys know that as of
tomorrow I'm making a change for the
main channel now it's not a drastic
change pretty much all I'm going to be
doing is focusing a lot more on the main
channel putting a lot of time and effort
in on that channel not saying I'm going
to stop doing daily vlogs I'm gonna
bring you guys along every day but I
just want to let you guys know that I'm
going to be creating a lot more videos
for mars bar which is a really good
thing but it's I'm really disappointed
in myself is what I'm trying to say that
it's taken me this long to make this
change and I don't know why
but nevertheless it's something that
I've wanted to talk about with you guys
and if you guys would share your
opinions on that in the comment section
down below I would really appreciate it
because I've been on my own with this
whole thing and I haven't really told
anyone and it's been something that I've
cooked my sight because my you to my
YouTube my Mars Bachchan on my youtube
channel was one of my it was one of my
majors like one of my best proudest
possessions I mean look at that thing up
there lie above my beds like the best
thing I've ever done in my life and
recently in the last saw four or five
months it just hasn't felt good so yeah
I'm making a change I'm tomorrow I'm
going to be doing a channel trailer
which is going to go up on the channel
so yeah hopefully you guys are looking
forward to that and then I'm gonna doing
a load of stuff on that channel like
moving into the office and doing a load
of cool stuff like that i'm going to
count on to another episode of the
gaming den and a few more bits and bobs
like that so hope you guys are looking
forward forward to it but I just want I
just felt like I had to apologize to you
guys so I'm sorry for all of that but
that's the moat for today's vlog I do
hit you've enjoyed might as well
actually guys have been awesome all
right 100 mark 4 is on its way and I
will see you in my next video which will
be tomorrow add yes I don't know if you
guys would be able to see this be built
see it as a no only you can see it it's
actually snowing it's like legit snowing
Oh guys check this out just put that
together for al gato and then if it
looks as well as good on here are there
you go now you can kind of see it
