don't know if you guys would be able to
see this the belt see I don't know only
you can see it it's actually snowing
it's like legit snowing Oh guys check
this out just put that together for al
gato and then if it looks as well as
good on here are there you go now you
can kind of see it how sexy is that I've
taken a few more as well but for now I
need to go and do my hair go and pick it
up for the train station because we're
filming for tech slow today
but this dude right this guy here he
just sent me a load of his stickers
these things are really really really
really really cool look up awesome these
things are man I know drop his link in
the description and he sent me a message
saying Alex hope you dig the stickers
cheers for merit America to me
cheers Timmy your link will be in the
description these stickers are awesome I
might put one of these ones here might
put one of these on on the Mac like that
how cool would that look on that mmm
follow your bliss how nice so if you
don't realize it's actually really
really really cold outside today judge
has got a train to Newark the traffic's
been awful so I'm not been late to pick
Jed up he's been sitting the cold he's
come to this shop I'm now part of the
shoppers at the where the bloody hell
where where is it where is he
there is swarming ma it's warm in here
it's warm in here don't you worry about
that
the always cold I get yours cold
is which hats off
that's on wait what I broke a break in
there but broke it so this is the new
office
pretty sweet is pretty sweet pretty
sweet and obviously pretty sweet it's
pretty
slick is the hats metal ting so this is
what's going down we've got this room
here and by the way you probably think
in Alex what is that color combo it's
not a color combo we're thinking of like
doing that bit brick in the middle and
then these two bits dark gray so yeah
this is it we've got like the wooden at
the wooden top maybe a desk there I'm
thinking I'm not sure yet we're still
planning the stuff and then also got
this cool room up here which you guys I
think you guys have seen before I'm
gonna take measure just there but this
is just like the really way cool brewing
up here which we're going to end up like
check it out and stuff and load of cool
stuff in there and using it as storage
as well it's like collapse no that's a
little door that goes up there keeps it
all keeps it all in and that's it we're
going to drill I put some wooden steps
on there so you can either the get oh
yeah this this is the office guys check
check it it was led splits your LED
strip up learn when a splinter and
they're not sit really into it that's
listening today yeah obviously no floor
yet it's really good even if you guys
can see the door when you come in here
we can put a TV so we're getting a nice
4k TV and we've got HDMI that comes in
there and then down I'm obviously like
the other end of the HDMI when she comes
in comes in really nice so yeah backs
it's looking absolutely swaggy
I'm actually loving it and I can't wait
to be the series in the main channel
about moving into this place and then
kicking it all out with some awesome
stuff
what we're thinking of doing right is my
desk here jets edit in desk in this
corner big 4k 50-inch TV up there with
like a game center down there and then
have like a little coffee table right
like a lot of sofa and in this corner
you can have this like dedicated to
products so you have like a little
wooden stand with a female products on
maybe a shower or something and then
over here we could have like some sort
of little thing we're going to like a
mini fridge in of the bits and bobs like
that and a toaster and then a kettle of
that same so yeah these lights already
cool so I'm looking forward to the most
- its own in it but yeah that's it it's
absolutely awesome now these things are
what I live for
these are sick made remember
these awesome are no way when you come
shopping with Jenna it's like shopping
with a girl he spends about ten hours in
here you just have major smiles
you've open the milky bars for me Jeff
thank you mate our pressure
I appreciate that we've got some tables
I mean what they don't leave it where
the leaper oh right I've got them I'm
gonna get my dough balls on the job I'm
gonna put these in here like that
so what those in there so it's and we've
got milk balls for days we've got rid of
the magic stars we've got cream egg
things
this is fub√° need to get going because
we need bread I can only visit doses per
oh yeah oh yeah isn't it my mother's
food three two
take the right rule and white lines will
bathe I was going swimming and I did
some back straight 25 meters so Jed is
currently clearing the desk for tech
flows because they've got little lights
going on ready to record we've got the
atomists up there with the sony a7s with
a 16 to 35 millimeter full frame lens
which is absolutely gorgeous and we're
gonna be reviewing here's the review
hand coming out we're gonna be reviewing
not even reviewing i just want to give
some props to this little item here now
i'll tell you guys what it is on here
this is a really really cool device it
does a lot of things and it's really
really cheap for what it does and i want
to give these guys some props they
haven't like paid me to do this or
anything i just think this is a really
really really really cool product and i
want to share that with the folks over
on tech flow so if you want to find out
what this mystical device is go
subscribe to tech flow and make make
sure you are and then you'll see this
straight in your subscription box
and very shortly there we go so who's
finished getting some shots put the
Philip sheet behind it so it gives a
little bit more of a contrast and was
put all of these
obviously here I move up the who to trip
mate they're digital this glory just
chilling there so we've finished up now
and I think I think we're ready I think
we're ready to edit this boy right so
we're almost in tomorrow then if we're
gonna wrap up today's vlog so now we've
just been we've just been recording the
tech flow so I should get in b-roll you
guys assume which was getting b-roll
just edited the video I've sent a few
emails and now we're here started from
tech flow now we're here yeah
I then how long today's book I don't
feel like I've recorded enough I suppose
they've seen the office you guys have
seen the office so that's a cool thing
that's quite a cool thing actually that
you guys have seen so hopefully you
enjoyed that but yeah this has been it
for today's vlog I do hope you've
enjoyed it - Bryce you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video but uh quick quick we got a chance
to say good morning guys it's just it's
12 o'clock so technically and if our
minute is gonna be the afternoon and I
need to make myself a coffee to wake
myself up ready no
