so you you probably think in Alex wash
your face so blue why isn't your hair
done and why does it seem like it's 10
to midnight and that's because it is 10
to midnight well now whoa there don't
worry I haven't forgotten today's vlog I
just wanted to mention at the start of
this video that yesterday's vlog didn't
hit the sub boxes properly right it
didn't hit the sub box is properly i
uploaded yesterday but it didn't go in
your go sub boxes which is a major shame
so if you want to check out yesterday's
look if you haven't seen it there's
gonna be a card annotation up here but
if you've already seen it then Karen
watching this vlog I hope you enjoy it a
light crane would be awesome enjoy quick
quick quick I've got a chance to say it
good morning guys it's just it twelve
o'clock so technically in about a minute
is going to be the afternoon and I need
to make myself a coffee to wake myself
up because you know what I went to bed
at about two-thirty am and always good
always find a set an alarm for nine
right and I could have got a cut off by
chose not to I put my 11 an extra ten
minutes the extra 10 minutes turned into
a next time for now the x drive an hour
turned into an extra hour the extra I
will turn into next to two hours then I
had a lot another hour and there we are
i'm ready i'm downstairs and it's
wonderful but with a copy I feel really
really really energized to even have
like a lot of sleep but I just feel like
round so I'm gonna have us over coffee
I've got my laptop over there and the
fridge is open ready for me to go and
get some food this morning not short i'm
going to be eating this is cool stuff
that found
really school this is called skyr and it
is like a strawberry yogurt but it's got
like no added sugar and stuff in it's
got like no sugar it's not got no crap
in it and it's got high protein which is
really cool so chic your way to get a
little bit of protein in the system at
the start of the day but I'm gonna make
me some coffee so my coffees done I like
my coffee like half half water then like
half milk and then you've got to leave a
little bit of space at the end just a
little bit of space only a tiny bit
though for a cheeky bit of Bailey's you
can't go wrong with only a tiny little
bit you get a bit like you're not
putting any and literally that's all it
needs that is a proper cup of coffee
there we go yesterday's vlog is
currently sharing one thing that under
something is this max right this Mac is
tiny but it took up taken about three
minutes to export this video right and I
do them in 1080p it just does it so fast
and I don't understand it I think it's
something to do with apples codec its
rapid but I just want to be honest with
you guys just for one quick second that
this is me like being fully fully honest
with you I'm really really really
enjoying these do doing these blogs I've
really really really am just enjoying it
I really am it's really cool because
it's every 42 me to do something not
forcing me to do something it's not the
right word it means I have to do it
every single day and that it keeps me
like keeps me creative keeps me on feat
every morning I wake cooking my Brad
gotta start vlogging and I really really
really enjoy that it gives me like a bit
of purpose if that makes a bit more
purpose than had before if that makes
sense so I hope you guys are enjoying
them and I'm thinking of buying a sony
rx100 mark for now these cameras are
quite expensive for what they do there
any little point and shoes but they
should make the blog's a little bit more
crispy so if you guys up for that if
this video right this video gets two
thousand like ratings two thousand
because we usually get about 1,000 live
ratings on these logs which is at
he sick so I'll let I'll do it if you
guys leave two thousand live ratings i
buy an RX 100 mark for their about 600
quid so let me know actually no scrap
that like the video if you want but
actually don't I'm not not begging for
likes not going to do that if you guys
want me to buy a blogging camera the
arts and remote for just spam get new
camera in the comment section down below
yeah cool manga coochie oh actually a
pretty nice day today check that out
it's actually really nice anyway I am
hungry again my meeting is in 45 minutes
so I have time to go make me a burger
this is the first time I've ever cooked
not not the first time overcooked a
burger but I bought these like new
really healthy ones the like super
healthy and I proud I think they're
going to taste a little bit crappy but
let's give them a go anyway so this is
really weird but I've actually been told
to I've actually been told to put them
in a frying pan for about five minutes
then put them in the microwave for five
minutes and then put them back in the
frying pan which isn't usually how you
gonna cook these things but oh well then
ask Lucifer that burger there we go wait
a minute let me let me turn this off oh
no that's the wrong one there we go now
I can just take a listen to that noise
do you guys get hungry yet you getting
angry looking at this and hearing that
right got the laptop I'm a bit late so
I'm gonna have to take nine bot hey hey
hey hey hey where you going mate where
are you going come back here you little
 there we are come to Papa
I've never actually been able to use
this thing for anything like needy
before you just been like a little
gadget of a mess around on but this
thing I've got to be at this place in
about two minutes and it probably were
taken about 10 minutes to walk but i
think i'm gonna be on time thanks to the
good old ninebot its rapid meeting is
now over no way this pigeon is stuck in
there you like legit can't get out I'm
not sure how he's got stuck delicious
don't know what to do he lied i need a
lot of these loving little avenida
ladder neither like I need a lot
anything other words were the ladders
needs like there's a lot of god I gotta
like that Go Go Go Go Go Go call me a
lot of mr. Tate this guy he's literally
just up here he's still stuck he's still
just stuck oh my god
there we go Jesus Christ he's out so
I've got a bit of assets going on here
got it taking a few photos of these
products here so what I pretty much do
is I've got my set run in and I've got
some black ops 3 gameplay were in the
background and I will aim the camera
pull my exposure three aim then fired
the shot and there you go there we go
I've taken some photos so all on this
here for gigabyte card which is
disguised well it's a 64 gigabyte card
which is disguised as a 4 gigabyte card
don't ask now it's time to go and do day
two of the gym plan and I'm actually
dreading today because yesterday was
really hard so I've just been in like an
hours-long skype call with some friends
who I haven't spoken to in quite some
time it was awesome type of good catch
up with those guys I've got no editing
done so far for the elgato photos I'm
going to get those done tomorrow morning
but for now it's currently pretty much
midnight so happy midnight guys and I'm
gonna go to bed I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog adios morning guys
welcome to my monday and well i have got
ready about some music on I've done my
hair I've got clothes on I've washed my
face and it is 22 minutes past nine so
you know what I did all that in 20
minutes I actually got up at nine a.m.
this morning which is really good that's
where that's good for me okay don't
judge me
