morning guys welcome to my monday and
well i have got ready about some music
on I've done my hair I've got clothes on
I've washed my face and it is 22 minutes
past nine so you know what I did all
that in 20 minutes I actually got up at
nine a.m. this morning which is really
good that's right that's good for me
okay don't judge me oh gosh it's outside
these through the post this is
absolutely cool so these are some new
designs that we're looking to bring to
the miles of power store if you guys
want to link to the mask past all the
way link in the description but these
are some new t-shirt designs and their
white we've got a black and blue one and
a full black one and I didn't think
they'd look this good in white that's
why I didn't want to launch them
originally but these things look
absolutely stellar these things a cool
man this is a really cool man we'll
check this out when we get back but for
now you know yesterday I went to the
apple store you can watch yesterday's
vlog if you haven't already but I had my
old iphone 6 plus repaired and it's all
working now it's like pretty much a
brand new phone they replaced the screen
instead of and I'm going to go around to
my grandmas and surprise her and give it
to her because she's got a really old
iphone and it's starting to like you
know my phones do when you get ready I
think she's like an iphone 4 and it's
pretty much just unusable so I'm just
going to go around and give it this
phone and hopefully she likes it because
it's big as well so you can have the
text really big on it and so she'd be
able to you know actually see what's on
the screen hopefully right so I've just
finished up we go on Mars and I've got
no fuel left we've got mustard out there
and watches she thinks I'm going to
crash the car so she likes to released
under the end of the drive to make sure
there's no cars come in so let's put her
in gear to them break off and I really
really really really need some fuel oh
wait okay hey guys right so I'm back and
I want to check out these shares because
they do just look right they do just
look really cool I think why is it
enough my course it won't focus I wish
there was like a vlogging app for it
like an iPhone where I could literally
say hey Siri open vlogging out it would
literally open it and start
recording someone please invent that but
anyway I want to check out these brand
new shirts that have just just arrived
these things look absolutely awesome I'm
absolutely digging this this blue this
blue design here I'm going to get this
out and put this on first these things
look absolutely sick I'd never thought
of doing them in white but obviously you
know my managers been like yeah it's
going to look 60 sent me these out I'm
going to test them out and if I like him
and if you guys like them and let me
know and I'll release them in the store
you know what let's go in the bathroom
let's see what we're thinking of this
turn these bad boys on guys what do you
think of that that's so cool I actually
love them to seek okay cool they are man
I absolutely oh why did I not think of
this design beforehand like why I just
thought of this well I don't thought it
I'm gonna go of it look look that's nice
isn't it it's not nice or is it just
horrible I think it's pretty pretty I
think it's like a lot different than
they all like the older designs I don't
they're really really really nice cool
I'm happy with that guys let me know
down in the comments section below if
you buy one if caught me to release
these white editions there's also one
where it's all black like even the
lightning strike so let me know if you
want me to release these but for now for
now you guys need to give me just an
hour of this day because I need to edit
yesterday's vlog get it uploaded and
then I've got a load of work to do today
I've got to do some stuff for our guard
oh I've got to do some stuff for that
local pub that I've just worked that I'm
doing some work for and I've also got
I've got to read in my channel trailer
because I'm not happy with it all right
okay I'm not going to do it if I'm just
SAT here talking guys give me some time
I want to get some work done let me do
it I'm only joking this is a daily vlog
I'm going to take you guys through what
I'm doing is a day so what I'm gonna do
is well I need to edit this vlog pretty
much all I do is open up this dear
laptop right here I put my password in
which is just my name and then oh ok
we're on my mobile banking let's get off
that quickly and look at my awesome war
but if you guys been to check this guy
out I hope you have because these
wallpapers are absolutely awesome like
jerking my on Instagram I'll drop is
linked in the description or check on
one of my recent videos because I've
talked about him there however I just
open up a little thing called final cut
by piece together my vlogs and then I
upload them and there we go yesterday's
vlog is all edited and there's just some
headphones chillin on the floor what you
doin have funds go away my friend right
so we need to go and get downstairs get
myself some food because I'm gonna some
some foot give yourself some foot
because I am I'm starving I'm just I'm
just really hungry and I know what to
eat when I'm hungry you guys know why I
eat when I'm hungry where is it where is
it where is it where is it where the
fuck is it it's not in the fridge oh no
oh no where is it no please have some
please please please please please
please please please please please
please please there's no cheese ravioli
in the fridge ah wait a minute wait a
minute wait there you are what you do
any lemme get yourself in the fridge
freezer come on I'll let you guys in a
little secret and it's quite shitty
that's quite a shitty secret you'll see
the pudding of it in a minute right you
see the put in a minute alright my cap
should be in here hey Larry as alien may
item may the reason he's locked in here
is because he shits in the house do you
get the joke now I'm so bad at this I
was a bully what's this but I knew it I
don't bully wait am I melon look at the
camera mate mate say hey there may i
don't know too happy cuz they all right
may I to him he's blind as well he can't
see that's the funny thing oh because
I'm nice I'm gonna let you in the house
but don't shit anyway you don't fucking
shitbag way do it you don't know what to
do do you you're justjust you just lost
even know where you are do you you just
wonder if I feel so sorry for him but
but
but a better burn yes meal has a chip
yes it's ready our dinner is finished
now it's time to do some emails the
increase in your own expect fifty
percent is in it so it's a nice amount
for one little feature yeah just
finished a cheeky little conference call
with Chet attack who is my manager we're
gonna call him jack attack cuz that's
his name his name is Jack attack but I'm
calling recording us on the front camera
so let me know what the quality is
actually like on the front camera on on
this on this way it's the success and
I'm sure the success has been like
upgraded so yeah I could use the back
that uses let me put this case on and
tell me what you're like better so you
see now i'm using this wide angled case
thing so tell me what you look better
the thing is i think this looks like
really misty for some reason tell me if
i'm wrong but i just think it looks like
it's got like a white haze over if you
look carefully guys check this out
because i think this i know this is
pretty good thumb cool you guys know in
this vlog we've been trying to all of us
trying to hit up the gym trying to get
healthy for 2016 right and these guys
from well guy and girl girlfriend
boyfriend may be married not sure but
from team tone fitness work they sent me
an email and they said yo Alex we see
trying to hit the gym do you want us to
make you a workout plan and I was like
heck yeah that's exactly what i need to
get me motivated so with any shot
without any light interruption they've
gone ahead and done that check this out
I've got myself now a workout plan I'm
gonna drop these guys links in the
description if you guys want to go check
them out they've got a website and
everything and they've also got a
YouTube channel where they do fitness
videos and the like which is really cool
to see how you actually do all your
black meant to use certain bits of kit
in the gym I said it which is which is
pretty pretty cool so if you guys want
to go check out that channel I'll drop a
link to it in the description and also
their website which is right here but
now I'm gonna go and test out this plan
so it's currently 1115 p.m. listening to
a bit akai go
and I'm working my absolute tits off let
me go show you this and it's got a
little zoom in a little bit more control
plus there we go this is I've been
working on for a company at the moment
it's obviously a restaurant as you can
clearly tell and they want this in this
sort of like a size it's little leaflet
thing here and obviously the company
logo goes in there but I don't want to
put that in the video necessarily but
yes I'm going to be doing this for the
next door of three hours and then I'm
going to go to bed so I'm going to enter
this vlog here hope you guys enjoyed it
minus branch guys have been awesome and
i'll see you in my next video oh yeah by
the way guys if you're still watching
comment below what you want to see me
doing these vlogs and I'll try and do it
cool adios wing there we go we've
arrived at Meadowhall for my iphone
appointment Jed's been eating in the car
because we literally just got up and the
sat-nav said it's going to take like an
hour and two minutes to get here we've
done it in about 45 year for 40 what do
you believe I've
