bring there we go we have arrived at
Meadow Hall for my iPhone appointment
Jed's been eating in the car because we
literally just got up and the sat-nav
said it's going to take like an hour and
two minutes to get here we're doing it
in about 45 year for 40 what are you 45
minutes so yeah we're here now and we're
just we're a little bit late but we're
alright we're gonna go into the Apple
store see if I can get me a new phone or
got my old phone fixed and get my Apple
watch fixed so wishes look
could be early what is the use pit
scenario but it - it this keyboard is
bloody horrible what are you doing I'm
male I'm start typing something over
here literally just off my tits this is
a toolshed right
what's it full of just it's just
literally full of tools
just look it's like a minefield of
everything you might want in your life
what is this a lever holy this
squeeze in the taps the thing is that
we've just been sworn in because they've
got a Millie's cookies if you guys
haven't tried Millie's cookies they are
the bomb what are you doing
you don't feel me may I film me I film a
me look at this guy's right I'm gonna
buy this knife just simply for doing
unboxings with that knife is so so so so
cool literally a shot wakened by imagej
cushions genius ah drinking boys that
iced tea that is iced tea to be fair it
looks pretty cool I'm recording here so
we've finished up at Meadow Hall as you
can see there is a little my windscreen
as a little bit a little bit hit late I
went to get a little bit foggy and but
yeah pretty much
I've got a new phone paid 99 pounds to
get the screen fixed so now I've got
like a spare phone going on and also the
take'em Apple watch they couldn't give
me a replacement they're having to send
it away but I'll say but I didn't
remember is that they sorted out my
strap that give me a brand new strap and
this edition have really done it because
the Apple Care doesn't cover the strap
but because I pulled a real G's aside
mount some happy-ish alright so there we
go
I am back from Meadowhall right now and
it's absolutely awesome to meet those
two those two chaps in the Apple store
as well as a shout out to you too if you
if you are watching but I bought a load
of stuff right you know from that little
that a little really cool store I bought
a load of stuff now let's see what I
brought in here what I bought a tape
measure right
I bought a load of cable ties and I
bought this screwdriver and I bought
this multi-bit set and then I bought
these mappings and then I bought this
really cool thing from pound lund it was
impounded it's like it's like a metal
metal coat hook that you put on the back
of your door and I bought that for the
new well I bought most of this stuff
really for the office because you guys
know I'm gonna be moving into the new
office very very shortly for miles media
we bought an office and we're gonna be
getting it all out so I wanted to get a
little bit of like a Amar's media
toolbox going so I said what the toolbox
at the office in case you know you see
the toolbox like this handy isn't it to
have a toolbox so I bought a load of
tools at that hardware store today so
shout out to me here shout out to the
Meadowhall the tool shed in Meadowhall
shout out to them mad things but yeah I
also bought some batteries because you
need you need bat your you always need
batteries and you can never find a
9-volt battery when you need one you
just could never find one
this is what a very unfit teenager looks
like after he runs three miles at 7:28
pace yo guys so it's currently 10:15
10:15 p.m.
he's had a shower and I've just been
I've just been reading my YouTube
comments like well I usually I like to
sit down every evening and read my
YouTube comments because I just I
appreciate them I appreciate them so so
so so much like the youtube comment
section and social media and stuff is
just what keeps me going it's like what
I love to see and this has happened
before and this time it's actually
really made me quite upset and usually
I'm quite I'm really not someone that
gets like the feels if that makes sense
like I'm not someone to use your like
cry or two or anything but this is like
I don't even tell but this is making me
I don't even know they're pretty much
this comment only read you guys it's
called I'm not going to show you guys
I'm just gonna read you guys it pretty
much someone's commented on my video 25
minutes ago a video on my main channel
they've said I'm Mars bar I'm I can't
read his name basis with seven months
I've been battling cancer and the doctor
said there's nothing they can do to save
me now your videos make me happy in
there the only reason I haven't the only
reason I carry on you're such an
inspiration I love you so much thank you
for you know what I just cried
I just that I don't even know what to do
like I wanna I think I don't even know
what to do like there's people up a bit
I've met people on a meet all the fraud
and I've said the same thing to me the
like they're battling something I've
been through something and I said my
content has helped them get through that
and it just touches my heart man
guys I'm gonna go and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
