so good morning guys how are we all
doing I am doing my annual making sure
all the doors are locked this morning
because I am leaving I do have the
boosted board here at home however I am
jumping in a taxi this morning because
well half an hour ago it was absolutely
chucking it down but now it sort of just
looks a little bit miserable my taxi
will be here in taxi should have been
here five minutes ago the word giveaway
the word giveaway always gives me a
little bit of a tingle because I love
giving back to my audience with you guys
whether that is something out of my own
pocket or something I'm doing with a
company so they load of ROG gear which I
already made a video on that I am giving
away however and if you are interested
the link to win this is in the
description as well as the iPhone X
giveaway I'm currently doing you have to
go and watch that video though if you
want to win the iPhone X is this is just
a link for you guys to enter
I think I know exactly what this is guys
there yes it's here so my pals over at
grep protected it all protect our they
are a company that's like they do like
Jews they saw the tweet I put out about
my broken Yeezys and yes I have fixed
them in the washing machine but they
said Alex we want to send you out a load
of strain and shine protection ultimate
shoe refresh now the ultimate shoe
cleaner - cleaning wipes like there's
anything you want in here
the ultimate scuff a razor it is
literally a rubber but I did tell you
guys I was leaving the house and not
just to go to the office today I am
actually doing a little bit of traveling
so that being said guys crapper tech
thanks for protecting my crap I'll leave
this ROG giveaway link down in the
description as well as the video link to
the iPhone giveaway for you guys alright
as usual
two guys are trained with about 15 bags
that trains at three hours because it
was delayed I need to go be with Maria
because I need some food
this is where Maria said that we should
come and eat I have just booted aborted
here in the hail and rain my hands are
red raw that was probably the worst
booster board session I've ever had in
my life and also in my train was an hour
delayed today took me three hours to get
to Manchester I've been up since 6:00
a.m. working I think Rosen and uber is
so cold out
have been 10 minutes immersed on my hair
she lived 3 minutes away this is why you
don't get a car in Manchester
honestly boosted Boyd even though it's
freezing so it's been one and a half
years how long we've been going out for
one and a half years more than that and
you still haven't even contemplated that
you're going out with the youtuber and
you started eating your food before I've
managed to get Beauty shots of it
so I've just come back it to get this
jumper on it's absolutely freezing in
Manchester it's either the coldest place
in England it's horrible for the Webber
hopefully it's not Hayley though because
Mirror now about to go back out and go
around Manchester Christmas market and
then go and do something really really
fun something that I've always wanted to
do and something that the sidemen play
on a game a lot everybody want to play
the game version though I want to play
it in real life and I also want to have
a drink while I'm doing it play it drunk
this is gonna be fun
so guys it was really nice wandering
through Manchester's Christmas market
it's really weird that I was here
exactly last year with Maria wandering
around and it literally hasn't changed
it was awesome
now now I'm really excited because
Marie's been telling me about this all
week we're gonna go and do something now
and we're gonna go do it while we're
drunk and it's gonna be really really
fun and I wanted to do this drunk or not
all my life I've literally never played
it ever before and I've always
his many go with alcohol in Manchester
with my girlfriend all this
the bank has yet to close the chasms
given you bedroom house and I gotta say
no
this is actually in Trinity for any
already fun it's really really good fun
it is all made the funny one on there
on top of you
