morning guys welcome to a Sunday so my
dad's birthday today which is awesome
quick officer quick Stewart start this
off this vlog you know I mean I was just
a pushing my teeth everything was fine
tooth Bush was in the hand
I was chugging away the gums right and
literally there was sort of thing just
here in the mirror by a little black
thing about this big and I was like what
the hell is that I literally looked up
and there was like a spider just hanging
off a web now I don't know where it's
gone I can't stand this by ders let's
get a shit out of me just no all right I
need my jacket because we're going out
for a meal for dad's birthday and I want
to make sure I'm looking looking looking
pretty decent because yes there we are
nice jacket just wanna apologize
yesterday's vlog being short one
hopefully today I'll be a little bit
longer
one day Range Rover one day you will be
mine because I love you
so yesterday's video is now currently
just uploading and hey Siri turn on the
lights sick turn on the lights you
fucking useless right you've got a
chance to redeem yourself if you do this
hey Siri turn on the lights
good girl
now that seriously guys what do you
think of my new wallpapers let me show
you so I've got that one on there and
then look at this one I know my phone
just done a lot because touch ID is so
rapid there you go how fricking how cool
are these wallpapers and there's this
one as well just look at the quality of
them the absolutely awesome so pretty
much little bit of a backstory I was
browsing the Instagram as you do because
I absolutely love Instagram cheeky blog
you fill my Instagram it's in the
description
however I was just browsing Instagram
and I came across this guy's account now
you guys go ahead and go and give this
guy a follow and tell him tell him the I
sent you because his photos are
absolutely incredible what I absolutely
love them so much I honestly love it
look love his beloved's work go go go
and falling guys and let him know I sent
you pretty much I sent have a message I
was like look dude I love your photos
please can you send me them in like full
resolutions so I'm so I can use them as
my like wallpapers and stuff on my
laptop and on my phone and he's done
that so I feel like I should tell you
guys to go and check him out and these
photos are just like next level and he
deserves like a lot more followers well
I take pride in my Instagram and I think
this guy's photos that's mean that's
still here we go
this guy's photos they're just all so
goddamn cool
tell em I got no clothes on some about
to go into the gym but Toby's coming
around later so we can do our weekly
Sunday night livestream which I've
missed for the last two weeks just
because it's been Christmas but now
we're smashing it back off again with a
live stream tonight and I'm trying to
improve a few things right so I've made
this little contraption here which is
got my road camera Mike onto it with a
3.5 millimeter extension which goes into
the back of my computer now I'm trying
this out for audio and I don't think
it's any better than the studio quality
microphone that I was using before so
I'm probably gonna go back to that
I I seriously get into this boxing thing
when I start I'll go second place have
been to is the first place I didn't
bring my ID today
and so the guy was like you're buying a
Piermont you and Jeb was like nope
because apparently they couldn't they
can read your mind
no well he was a bit of a simpleton but
we've got out with Gao alcohol now we're
gonna go back and we're gonna livestream
over here well I will not live I'm about
to cook it and three two one now alive
we're gonna plant some battlefront to do
the Toby's requests a bit sick is it
sick it's sick good whole thing whole
thing right I need lyrics I don't you
know it okay
fencing Simone what's up on my iPhone to
the Browse game girls in the white ones
too hello-o how can I talk about me
evening a hashtag likes me
daddy does crepes don't ask Ron don't
ask
