good morning guys how are you all doing
my name is Alex and is currently I think
10:00 to 3:00 in the afternoon on Friday
yeah last night was last night was
pretty mental last night was you know
what I got back the taxi driver dropped
me off at home my head was spinning
honestly I've never been that
slaughtered in my life never been that
slaughtered in my life I remember I
haven't edited yesterday's video yet but
I remember trying to put an end on
yesterday's video just being drunk in my
room and I remember Toby being there as
well honestly I cannot remember it but
as I've said it's now now 10:00 to 3:00
I'm all hot more dress smart and I've
just I've actually got a meeting today
at a local local but I say local is
quite a little quite a bit a way out
from from where I live I'll just park
the car up a little bit further back so
I can walk to this pub I'm just going to
a meeting they want some sort of
Facebook stuff doing for them so I'm
dressed I'm all dressed up pretty pretty
smart I'm hoping so get me something way
there now for that meeting and then I'll
catch it with you guys after I've
finished but today's wels gonna be a
hungover one because I'm very hungover
you know what you know what I don't even
know if I'm gonna be able to there's no
way I can get through that there's no
way I can do that got my laptop with me
a lot of people have been asking me
where you know where they can buy the
skins for but I got for this first
laptop I'm going to be doing a video
soon about it like dedicated to it
probably are on tech place so if you
guys are interested in that then drop a
like rating and let me know in the
comment section down below and what I'll
do is I'll send an email to the company
that I bought this off and I was like
yeah hookers I'll say like yo hook us up
with some wraps or something and we'll
make a video we can either give some
away I'll see if we can give some away
else thing to you guys so and I try and
put something together like that and see
if we can get like a little giveaway
going meeting is over
went really well the car coming there's
lots of wind you're not right some
car some bird in a car in a white car
just came right behind me I was on my
phone just looking at my emails just
come up behind me and beep the horn I
just absolutely shat myself jumped out
my skin and then she drove past me and
started waving I don't even I don't even
know who she was
I'm gonna be on
with you guys right pretty much I think
well I think most of you have seen the
video where I made this rocket 5 into a
Bluetooth speaker because I absolutely
love audio I've got a pretty cool set up
here like well this is probably one of
the cheapest but like the most the most
affordable for like the best return of
audio is the KL case help that's why
I've got it and for portable sound of
obviously got the Bose Soundlink mini
which has got like a custom front black
on it which is absolutely awesome this
thing is so cool and it sounds really
really really good but sometimes it's
just not loud enough now I built this
and boiled it together thinking I'd be
able to use this but it's still just not
practical enough and there's something
about it that just doesn't sound right
like some obviously I've modified it
I've tried to put a bigger speaker
inside okay okay and it doesn't work but
I found this right I've found this now
this is called the JBL extreme and it's
$249 which is about a hundred and one
hundred and ninety pounds here in the UK
but I found it on Curry's which is a
website here in the UK for 170 and
they've got a thing on it where you can
actually link two speakers together and
have a stereo sound so you can actually
link to these things together so I'm
gonna go and buy two of them right now
so I can test them out and have a look
and see if they're awesome and then if
they're not I'm just gonna take them
back but I want to buy two of them and
combine them so you can have like a
stereo sound and you could use that as
like a proper speaker setup because
apparently these things are awesome do
go this is the one I want to buy look
this is
here right here look at the base this
thing on the side apparently you can
connect two of them together hundred
seventy-nine quid it will be the cell of
a dream of a sound and their portable
I've just spent a small fortune on
Bluetooth speakers okay let's go if I
can test these things out you guys might
even see what's going on right now these
things are huge
hey Allah look at these bad boys these
things are absolutely massive
so she said and I've got two of them and
the reason of what two of them is
because apparently you can create them
into a stereo pair these things are
bluetooth they've got batteries in them
and they're pretty much as big as the
KRKs you could literally have a party
with these things imagine having two of
them either side of your desk so I'm
gonna pair them up and see how they
sound right let's see what this sounds
like oh my god it's so loud leading a
metal yell from the east
so I'm gonna end my Friday evening here
I've had a pretty chill night I've been
doing a few emails and sorting a few
playlists on YouTube getting everything
all organized for well well set for 2016
so I want to do 2016 this year
well absolutely smash YouTube so try to
make sure the playlists are all all in
order and everything's everything's
working fine tomorrow hopefully I'm
gonna be working on a channel trailer
video that plays to people that aren't
subscribed and they're doing that
tomorrow and I just miss that I pretty
much just plan everything out and
listening to music on these two speakers
the two JBL's have had one there and one
there and you know I have to say I'm so
impressed I'm sorry I spent a lot of
money on them but they're so good and
the weird thing is is that like they're
battery-powered you could literally take
them anywhere it's so good I can't wait
throughout the first time in the summer
someone has like a bonfire all right I'm
bringing my JBL's I'm not gonna have a
little party and it's gonna be so good
but yeah I'm gonna leave okay guys are
you enjoying it I'm sorry I've been a
bit hungover from last night but nothing
I can do about that hopefully tomorrow
will be a little bit more interesting
I'll introduce you guys to my mother
tomorrow until even when I'm soon be mom
so you can see R if you'd like to and
yet other than that Molly's been honest
you guys have been awesome I'll see you
in
we can fight them
as they can
