I literally have no clue about how my
camera can see what's actually on the
road I'm where we go now I can actually
see Jesus this is one crap day this is
just absolutely awful weather typical of
England if you don't live here
this is what we live with so this vlog
is turning is a little bit of mental
ting jump over you are you can go over
that you look you look just a family you
can't stop now 12 hours later okay she's
fine she's fine she knows what she's
doing
you sure you should I'm not doing it I
love this jumper oh yeah where's the
fucking key well let's get some
carpeting this line appeals to those
guys are over there and there's the
abandoned hospital looks absolutely
really close when I go in and take some
photos and stuff all right so in this is
like an abandoned hospital and it's a
lot scarier than it looks
this place is fucking sick but I don't
go inside there did you go inside
Josh everyone you've got massive balls
matey really so cool and these just look
like old shelters and stuff
what's that saying soup soup came here
simply to take photos and that looks
exactly what does it look like in there
mate looks like new town you know not
neat town you know that and
oh my gosh giant oh my god this is this
is this is some next-level crap what's
in that this is just insanity like even
just being outside I don't become inside
of me
people died inside of these yeah okay am
i leading the way I'm leading the way
with the marzipan fertiliser punchy look
first I'm scared
this is just it's a cousin trying to
overlay some of these photos over what
is that something on some speech
headphones
was to listen to when they were in the
hospital they would have in here this is
a bed that I see a lot I don't you can
go down there position digis no way you
guys can see us actually down there that
is what's down there it's just free
she's a man I'm now lost anyone else is
I thought this was a quick way back I'm
now on my own it got dark way too
quickly and I'm now leaving this place
because my shitting myself yeah I found
people I'm eight can I get a plane to
plane double cheeseburgers please medium
fries and a water let's be weighed me
down all of that so I've got a bad neck
mate man rise the temperatures come
round and drop this bloody bomb guys
check out this track this is like tribe
house and it's absolutely sick tope tope
tope spinnin tubes didn't fucking
listening to it and I absolutely loved
it but we've had a bit of shit shit news
job tonight tries to load a video for
you guys and if you follow me on twitter
you'll know exactly what happened
fucking sickness a little bit um yeah
YouTube's been being a dickhead so it's
coming out tomorrow to settle videos out
same day this video be out so I'm sorry
about that but I'm going to town looks
absolutely awesome but Oh kind of view
other people and we to go because we're
gonna
but some back we were in uh Donald's and
absolute absolutely smashed up in that
right wait am I
there we go guys it's clearly like
what's the time I always following them
almost 4:00 in the morning we go
just about time to try the morning
absolutely solid
absolutely trolley a plastic spoon
whatever you want to call it I'm
shit-faced right yeah but I've got some
good news for you guys let me try and
show you quickly but open up my internet
browser and go over here we go my
comments okay way as you can see the
ultimate gaming den or whether it's
called is scheduled for the 8th of
January so hopefully it's ready for
today you guys should be safe you should
you should be on but the time you guys
are seeing this it should be up right
now but for now I'm gonna go to bed
Toby's fucking up your fucking off the
spare room a because I don't even and
I'll see you guys in my next video
what's this weird name did it read me
and your for different it's very much
your neck staple in my pants we do or
one of us is in the spare room I'll tell
you now no I tell you that your ribs
very much yes
