there is my self it's the thing that
look forward to the most to see her for
freaking morning so sad my freakin life
is at the moment it is currently 1217 in
the p.m. this afternoon and I've just
finished editing today's vlog and I'm
still it's still in bed at this time
what what am i doing and probably
thinking out its what are you doing you
just you should be ashamed of yourself
why are you still in bed 1217 a.m. and
that's because I'm starting to edit all
of my videos now for the vlog channel on
a Mac instead of doing it on my phone so
when I can do I'm gonna try and edit
them on the Mac and that means I can
sort of I can put music to them add a
bit of slow motion and add some cool
effects and stuff like a normal vlog
like my normal style of vlog would be
instead of just editing them on my frame
which is like a little bit boring if you
had a little bit music in the background
a little bit slow motion and stuff it's
gonna look a lot better so we put you're
rendering it out but to edit it on the
on a computer like this it takes like an
hour so I got up like an hour ago and
I've been here an hour editing it I'm
finally exporting it so now can get off
and get some breakfast
well now it's really dinner not
breakfast and and I can go to the gym oh
look what is this some letters in the
post and the little parcel that's
probably for me a swear down every
single day every single day as a parcel
through the letterbox and yeah it's for
me okay so I am now super super super
confused I think this company is messed
up if you guys watched yesterday's vlog
you'll see that I opened a load of
packages and I got three lightning
cables three of these which is
absolutely awesome right because I
ordered them I've just open this and
they've suddenly unloaded a load more of
lightning cables I can order these
orders loads of them this way let's
count wait what wait you pick that one
up how many is the one two three four
five six seven eight there's nine plus
nine this the
what okay then okay then lightning
connector giveaway if you guys wanna win
some Lightning connectors drop a like
rating very seriously these are really
short I didn't even order these what the
hell I was just thinking to myself I bet
they don't actually work but I plugged
it in there and it's actually charging
it okay its unlock my phone now because
it's such IDs that rapid it's actually
charging the phone which is insane so
that's cool and they're actually braided
as well which is absolutely absolutely
awesome so yeah I'm happy I've got a
load a drawer full of these cables now
Jesus Christ guys have just finished in
the gym sometimes but I don't like to
take my phone and out my camera and film
me in there sometimes you just want to
put my head down and get straight to it
so hopefully you guys can appreciate and
respect that but look at my hair
yeah I've got I've got a chicken bit of
sweat going on in the gym that was that
that was a decent one actually push
myself then and I'm quite proud of that
one so I'm going to try it I've got like
a little workout plan I'm doing in the
gym if you guys are interested in me
like showing you guys through that then
please let me know
but you know I'm gonna try it and see
this time that tweet if doing this like
routine I've got in the gym I can sort
of see results so hopefully I can and
just in case you didn't know and I
really didn't believe this to start with
but like getting like in shape is all
about it's like 80% what you eat and 20%
what you do and the thing that I've been
doing is just eating absolute crap so
now I'm just eating through fruit and
enemy in stuff because apart of that
that's that's what you meant to eat I've
obviously no expert at this but I'm
trying at least I'm just gonna get fruit
and meat and obviously I'll have some
like carbs later I think I've got some
you've got you've got unfortunately
there you can be cooler forty ravioli
from the last video but yeah it's all
about what you're eating stuff as well
not just like what you do okay okay so I
am slightly concerned right now I've
used this pain and I thought I thought
I'd painted my room when I did it I
thought I'd painted it Reuben ashes
which you can see right there this is
this paint tint but I painted it on and
it just I'm trying to cover up mark to
the wall pretty much that I've made and
it just looks like that I hope it dries
and it looks like the actual wall
otherwise I'm gonna be really annoyed so
guys I'm all ready to start filming the
ultimate gaming setup 2016 so if you new
set my mars by youtube channel pretty
much what i do every single year without
fail is a set of video and i've done
that ever since I've started youtube
ever since 2011 at the start of every
new year I've done a setup video now
this is a bit of a special one because
this is the first year where I'm
actually in a new house so I've got the
setup right now I'll show you guys the
setup so I've got the sony a7s here
recording in s log 2's gamut with all
the settings brought down so as you can
see it's giving me a really flat flat
image on there and each change my
battery I've got the rode mic rode
videomic pro just there and then I've
got two nice battery powered LED panels
which are gonna be lighting me up I'm
obviously gonna be sat here and then
down there as you can see I've got my
monitor
which has what's called a color profile
on it so what you guys saw on the camera
was like a really flat image what you
can see on here is the same image but
with a color profile on it so it's got a
lot of color in it and it looks
absolutely absolutely stellar on there
so the image looks absolutely awesome
I'm happy with it I'm about to start
recording the intro for the ultimate set
up 2016 boom so this video is going to
be a bit of a behind-the-scenes video of
me shooting this main Channel video
today so I hope you guys enjoy that I've
taken you through the equipment now I
need to go and change the battery I put
this up here which is absolutely awesome
I think it looks really really cool so
I've got obviously my productivity board
there and I've got my YouTube my YouTube
snap board there which is absolutely
awesome and I need to get myself a new
battery I think I'm about yeah all my
batteries have finished charging it
should be one just in there beautiful
price so what's going on my name is Alex
and this is my 2016 setup video let's do
this right so now it's time to mount all
of this gear right here onto my shoulder
rig is so we can actually walk around
the room and talk about this so this is
my shoulder rig pretty much what you do
with this is the camera goes on this the
microphone goes on this and so does my
display so I can see what the camera
seeing and then this bit goes on my
shoulder and I hold this bit with my
hands and that means I can record in 4k
with my big camera so hopefully they're
going to be the quality of the video is
gonna be crispy my video makes you guys
happy awesome I'll see you next one yes
oh my god I'm literally sweating
I am literally sweating there's sweat
dripping down my forehead right now you
know what it didn't feel that natural it
didn't feel natural usually when I used
to do videos they used to feel really
natural and that was because I didn't
have an audience really that would watch
the videos I put videos up and then you
know I only had like a about seven seven
hundred subscribers so but now there's a
lot more people there it's a lot I don't
know that didn't fit recording that
didn't
right and that's annoyed me a little bit
but I'm going to take a look at it on
the computer and if it looks good then
obviously I'll upload it so I've just
been using my slider and the camera
connects to the 4k recorder to record
what's called b-roll now bit of a
cinematography 101 if you don't know
what b-roll is b-roll is something that
you record after the fact so it's
literally you would put over the top of
something else if that makes sense so
I'm just opened up the SSD that goes
into my 4k recorder and I'll try and
show you guys an example of what b-roll
is now it takes me a few tries to get
decent b-roll but this is tech this is
flat obviously because it's fly it
hasn't been color graded yet but this is
what b-roll is this is me with a slider
going back and forth with a setup like
this that makes sense so what I'm going
to do is in my editing suite right here
media's offline but this is the track
I'm going to be using so there we go
I've managed to color grade the footage
so it's looking pretty sexual right now
all about footage right now it's all
collaborated i'ma tell announcers like 2
of me speaking and yeah it looks
absolutely awesome I've managed to add
like a little bit of a lens flare just
there on that light which looks
absolutely awesome you can see if I play
this clip to you guys again you should
be able to see it
wait like the really hard thing is when
you're doing any any work to do with
video is take take me doing client work
for example I'm going to work with a
girl actually tomorrow afternoon who
wants a promotional video not
promotional video she wants a video
don't play YouTube channel I'm not going
to disclose what about a no before you
comment it's not pornography or anything
to do with that it's about a sport that
she plays but she wants me to do a
promotional video for her about it and
the thing is what I've been thinking is
she wants me to just go and do it and
put something together with music and
it's really difficult when you're doing
video work cuz you're out on the field
with the camera and all you can do all
you can do is film things right and when
you're on the way back to edit it you
think have I got enough shots haven't
done theirs haven't done that so I
didn't have a plan when I made that
little b-roll bit all I did was and it's
got some cool shots
I found the cool track put it together
and it just works and it's really cool
when that happens because quite often
the night doesn't happen usually you
think I'll wish I could have used a
different sort of shot but I'm quite
happy with the intro of that piece it
looks really really cool I've just gone
in like a massive snapchat spree I love
to do I love to do it you know something
I do it like once a week
right and I'm on my snapchat story I
just put a load of crap on there and
I'll just go absolutely mental and I put
it all on snapchat I have no idea why
but if you guys want to add my snapchat
it's mozzie snaps ma are z i SNA PS and
you can also add this snapchat as well
so you can add mozzie snaps and add this
one as well this is like my personal one
where I put like my day-to-day stuff on
where as Marcy snaps is more of a fun
one ride just mess about and I also give
you guys video updates on Marcy snaps as
well
dissent there we go
finish my emails I've got myself a bath
run in I think I have anyway yeah we
don't wanna sleep love the bathroom
we'll turn this off yeah I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go Netflix and chill in the
back on my own and I'm gonna end today's
blog here it's put a pretty sick day got
a load of work done as usual and I've
recorded the setup video which you guys
have seen a little bit of behind the
scenes behind which is absolutely
awesome so if you've enjoyed this video
a like rating would be much appreciated
and apologize that I've been inside all
day but you know some of those days
there was some of them days we've just
got to work and today today was one of
those days where I was in the house
working all day doing emails and making
videos and editing and yeah so hopefully
tomorrow's but I'm not going to town
tomorrow so hopefully I should be a bit
more interesting but for now - Brad you
guys have been awesome and I'll see you
in
