so I'm just watching the clips from
yesterday's vlog and they look
absolutely stellar that is so so cool
okay we've got today's today's packages
package number one numero uno remote
control batteries this is for the
battery that I've got my remote control
car which one networking which ya know
and they were equal to a con I want to
get I want to get working there because
it's it's a really good one
that is also a cable boy let's see the
cables and I can actually charge my
remote control car which is absolutely
awesome what is it this one
what is it water than this one you ready
for this guys you ready you ready ready
Oh both myself Oh Jeff this is sick oh
wow look at these look how cool these
are man these are cool I'm not just sort
of one I've ordered to not to sort of -
I've ordered today's so I've got three
of these bad boys
look at them they're on eBay for a three
quid oh that's Brady cable you can't go
wrong can you they're really short as
well just by like double maybe a water
mate and a coffee both both in one
unique package so pretty much what's
going down in this is my laptop it's a
beast and it does the job right but it's
got this wrap on it which I'm gonna take
off right now because I don't even if I
can take you off wow it's not even Jesus
cry key well let's see what jet thinks
of this raft where I'm gonna get it out
over here yeah dear don't look don't
look don't look
oh yeah now
even cutout for the Apple symbol as well
yeah yeah so that's going to go over
there muscle what you think really nice
really really nice this one is for my
iPhone which is just matte black it's
just a matte black one all the way
around which should look absolutely
stellar to clean the laptop right so I
can put this on and just sprayed a tiny
little bit it's just gone everywhere Wow
guys look at this how cool is that I've
managed to do my phone it's just matte
black all the way around it which is so
cool all the cutouts on the port's which
I was really this is a new company that
I'm trying out I bought these that been
sent to me lieges map I want from that
black one it's on and it's looking
absolutely awesome
absolutely stellar and then obviously
got this this this woodgrain one for the
Mac which I need to take off my old
leather one from the top at the bottom
as well and put that on obvious it's got
a crown for the Apple symbol as you can
see there but this just looks like an
absolutely stellar combo I absolutely
love it look at it we're on it focus man
aim it's time me to go for a run mate
what device he using this week sir
should we're doing it that's going Balu
to 0 0 miles average pace 7 minutes 32
seconds per mile because I want to talk
about something for a a very very sort
of very quick second really in in this
vlog and that is like about making
change and sort of self-improvement and
achieving goals now one of my main goals
of 2016 and this is not a new year's
resolution this is just a goal of 2016
I'll get on to new year's resolutions in
a second but yeah one of my goals of
2016 is to get like really fit in and
really really healthy and one of the
things that you've got to do to do that
is do exercise obviously and one of
those bits of exercise that I've chosen
to do what I want to do more and get
better at is running so as you guys have
seen every other day in my vlog I'm
trying to run so one day I go to the gym
one day I go to the gym Tuesday it will
be running Wednesday will be Jim
Thursday we're running you guys get the
point that that's how I do it and that
is what I'm gonna be trying to do every
single day now obviously I can't
physically do that everybody well I
can't physically do that sometimes I
can't do it physically because I'm I
don't have the time I don't have the
time to fit of running sometimes more
important things come up I have to do in
my day but don't ever use it as an
excuse what I've been thinking is I'll
get up in the morning well I've got to
go for a run I'm just gonna miss it out
one day no no if you're gonna miss one
day why bother why why even why even
bother now this is the thing that I've
been trying to force myself a lot force
myself this is I think the mindset that
I'm trying to get in if you try to do
something and any moment you think I'm
not going to do it today I'm going to
take a break for a second I'm going to
do this and we'll do that what are you
doing right like what no just just no
I'm really sorry the hand movements in
the hormonal but just just just no like
sometimes with sport I brake is
sometimes good thing it's a good bits a
positive thing but if you're thinking of
taking a break because you can't be
asked anything are you know I can't be
able to do it today I'll
tomorrow now I'm gonna do it today if
you've set yourself a goal a target you
need to do it you'll feel so much better
in the end and this is what this is all
I can't stress enough the people people
that try and do something they try and
do it in the do it for a very short
period of time and then they just give
up like I'll take doing a YouTube
channel for example my text tone is
pretty sick take doing YouTube channel
for example I see so many people like
starting out on YouTube and they do it
for about half a year and they make some
really cool videos and they're not
getting anywhere so they give up they
just give up and I'm like you know what
maybe if you just carried on for another
week one of the videos may have blown up
like oh my god I can't stress it enough
right I can't stress it enough you never
know how far you are away from success
you never know how far away from success
right you can either carry on going well
I thought someone tweet me a picture
actually the day I'm gonna bit of run
here but someone tweet me pictures of
the day and it was literally of someone
tunneling their way through with a
shovel underground right and there was a
load of gold and literally there was
that that much of a thin wall that if he
kept going that another centimeter of
digging he would have hit the gold mine
and there's a picture of him just
walking back like walking back with a
little thin little thin bit of wall if
he would have carried on going digging
that a little bit further he would have
got the gold and he would have got there
but he gave up he chose to walk back and
he was that far away from it so guys if
you're wanting to do something if you
wanting to make a change and you said to
yourself you're gonna make a change make
sure you do it follow through with it
because the results will be awesome I
just wanted let you guys know it's been
on my mind for a little bit and yeah I
just wanted to let you guys guys know
that but yeah I'm with today's vlog so
so I've been trying to clean out the
room clean around it and make it all
tidy and make all the desk tidy and
clean all these clean all the rooms out
and still make sure everything's in its
place
because right because I'll go to this
merit of my case on because tomorrow and
record tomorrow I'm recording the
ultimate set up video part do you guys
know you guys know I mean the yearly
setup video that I do every year I'm
recording it tomorrow and this is the
first year in it
in the new house so it's gonna look
hopefully absolutely stellar paintings
on my setup video on my iPhone too so
yeah hopefully you guys are looking
forward to that but for now it's like
almost 12 p.m. so I'm gonna end this
vlog to vlog right here hope you guys
have enjoyed it if you have a like
rating would be absolutely awesome
stay tuned for tomorrow's mug as well
but for now mine's bananas you guys have
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video
