what we're doing NQ I'm doing a Q&A
right now what I'm going to donate thank
you yeah well I don't know about do
today and q can I sit here me is that ok
Oh major it will need to some literally
you didn't know lets you did it right
now mark I you just because I need to
upload this Q&A is now six o'clock it
need to be up now I need to need to
record it right this is that let me stop
let me start the music first okay start
is it gonna start music I'm I right
there we go all right names do some work
yeah you have judged trying to work okay
let's let's move this whole contraption
over here for a sec right guys what I'm
going to be doing today's video is a Q&A
like a promise to you guys it's an
old-school one we've got music playing
out speaker so there's music in the
background this is this song if you want
to do you wanna wanna listen to it
rights i'm going to answering questions
on Twitter which you guys have sent for
me with a hashtag ask Mars so this is
like really difficult about it like
something different no one else has done
anything like this let me cue an artist
before and we're just gonna rapidly go
through questions and yeah and I'm just
answer them for you guys so you're
recording the 4k as well so my space on
my phone published gonna last that long
so I need to make this quick so I'm just
going to type in the hashtag ask Mars as
a bit loud as net that's better we're
gonna meet turns let me turn down a bit
okay alright so hashtag ask Mars in
Twitter and will read what you guys are
saying let's do the live thing to give
their work here we go
right here we go so Rev Rev Rev Rev iran
says says does your brother get annoying
with one question the next question was
do you spend more time with the family
and the third question was you are a
goofy twat now my brother's not annoying
I love him don't miss know me a second
question and thanks for the first right
let's keep going do you prefer making
videos now the one you made videos back
in the day so yes that was from Ben's
life at bens live tweet so yeah it's sir
it's weird like back then it was I
wanted to make videos because it was fun
and I didn't really care about what
might have made videos on which was like
a really cool thing about it but now
it's like I can't just upload any of
crap to you guys are on the main channel
anyway I tried to make sure the videos
are like really well edited and stuff on
this channel it's a bit different I've
can buy the reason I like this channel
so much is because I can do stuff like
this I can be creative with it I can let
you don't take my camera to a light
stand and answer questions and play
music through a speaker but the old way
before I think editing software was
introduced and so ya know I used to I
prefer it pretty much the same I love
making videos absolutely love it dude
and watch my favorite pizza you type in
the mighty Mars in the pizza legend at
Domino's kETK you'll far my favorite
pizza because I've got my own pizza
legend what happened to your Apple watch
at Mars my gaming says Mason pretty much
yeah the strap broke because I don't
know I think I'd mr. just got like a
really horrible strap it wasn't made
properly so then I've got like a
third-party strap off eBay which was
really crappy made and the watch
actually ended up falling off my wrist
and onto the floor and cracking judges
pass amateurs do so yeah if you guys can
see there but it's cracked on the front
and then the strap is is all broken
there so if you guys want to meet me if
you guys want to meet me I'll be in
meadowhall on Monday the 11th at 130 or
115 in the apple store at Meadowhall
shopping center getting my watch and my
old phone repairs if you guys want to
meet me feel free to come down
who's your inspiration I'm your biggest
fan says Mitch biggest inspiration I
don't know till these are one of my
inspirations would you say one of yours
as well who's on your inspiration re its
whistle weird question isn't it teal
days a youtuber he's got some great work
syndicate used to be massive inspiration
of mine I love its blogs Casey nice that
he's pretty good so yeah that also ties
in with a question that an and res has
said what is your favorite youtuber who
is your favorite youtuber yeah TLD Casey
nice stir till they syndicate I like a
lot of Simon been getting into minimun
it quite a lot he's really good at look
fixed are obviously case I love all of
those guys any tips for YouTube I've
actually done a dedicated video on this
Jade said that by the way Jade said any
tips for YouTube and yeah I've done a
video on it on the on the channel it's
like called how to YouTube in quotation
marks because there's no actual way to
do it you can do it any way you want but
like I think people get overwhelmed with
quality I'm filming this on a phone with
a wide angle lens on it that cost 10
pound of Amazon you don't need to go
over the top with quality guys literally
just don't let's keep going here prank
call Barney Oh jet will just sat in the
room that was blank occasion milkshake I
might call you and I might call you a
bit later mate prank call ya rabi hob
said we doing meet up and knotting up
now you guys know Nottingham is my
hometown I might do I want to get bit
bigger but if what if I get a bit bigger
but I just don't feel like a meet-up
right now is good like other than going
to a gaming event or something like or
something like that if you could live
anywhere in the world road you live and
why somewhere in a city anywhere with
like big city with lots of lights I
absolutely love that cities i'd love to
like a penthouse fever city then it go
ever happen but i was one of my dreams
Matt bird says what program do you use
to edit videos Jed
from the FCC Premiere CC alpha bo z
premiere priests from is crapping sec
how did you blow to the hd2 YouTube red
new stuff I HD dude or use the YouTube
capture app which is what i'm using
right now do you enjoy YouTube or do you
feel like it's nice started going you
have to continue not absolutely look
doing you too but I don't have to do
this at all I just love doing it
absolutely little bit when will you get
open it Pierre box says form sniper yeah
I'm gonna be doing a peer but I've
already ordered my p.o box but they take
about a month to set up so i think it's
like two weeks left on that and
hopefully then you guys some assemble
some cool stuff so i'll let you guys
know oh yeah I'm one car two peas in a
pod cast yeah me and Jen might be live
tonight on twitch.tv for interruptions
so yeah yeah Jedi going to be live on
twitch that all might be live tonight on
twitch.tv fall / mr. Mars bar for our
two peas in a pod cast thing which the
quick explanation about we did it last
week is like a spontaneous idea and we
just go live and talk and play music
with you guys and it's just a chill out
session so for life tonight you guys
should get an email if you follow me on
twitch so if you don't I'll put my
twitter link in the description it's
just twitch TV for / mr. Mars bar but
I'm going to cut this thing short if you
guys like them then I like written would
be absolutely awesome and I'll try and
get these q and A's out weekly if you
want to ask questions use the hashtag
ask Mars on Twitter but for now mine has
been Alex in you guys have been awesome
I'll see you in thanks video ad yes
