I was - lovely day good morning guys
welcome back to another video I'm just
about to get in the car now and go I'm
still at this spa thing by the way and
my grandma's my grandma's coming out I
don't mad and yeah so we just got to go
to Bora we're gonna go for a meal first
and it's here's my bride there's Julius
Stadium beard hope is kept
that's the mad thing my god never out
the stadium just about but ladies
although footballers cuz it's all about
the Range Rover the matte black matte
black cars and then you've got a Ferrari
look at that beast go get something get
something else in here we are
I've set my Wi-Fi name to just a white
guy helping out you know in case anyone
on the Internet I want to try and help
these guys out
so just got back from the football it
was like a really long game I think it
was crazy it was it was the most crazy
game we've been to in the fact that
there was two goals scored in a minute I
think it was the 83rd minute we've
cooked it in the back of the net kicked
off again a minute later it was in the
back of the net again and the whole game
I think we had my 80% possession out of
the whole thing but it was so dragged on
it was so dragged on I don't like the
83rd 84th minute boom we just smacked
her aus and it was a really really
really really good game I enjoyed it
but now we're going to the pub have some
beb's
just got back from the pub for it's time
for a quick gym sesh let's do this let's
do so much better and you've got the
whole place to yourself
I don't even know why it is
now that that is a sigh I've wanted to
see Oh for the last weekend so a bit of
a cheeky little recap I have been I have
been at rock cliff which is like two
hours drive from my house where I am
right now at a spa
for like the last three days I was there
New Year's Day the day after Newsday and
today I've just come back which today is
is the third and this morning this
morning on the second I woke up and I
booked a massage for the third which is
today and it was 40 minutes long and it
was a put a picture on Twitter and it
was the most weird experience ever like
oh my god
pretty much what happened right I was
absolutely cracking it I didn't know
what I didn't know I'm always like a
little bit awkward like I've always been
like a little bit awkward about this
sort of stuff like someone else is
physically touching you quite physically
while you're just lying there not being
able to do anything about it and yes
it's relaxing but it's just freaking
strange but I walked into this little
room and it had like this really nice
music on and it was this girl she was
actually she was a she's pretty hot to
be honest and yes she said she's like
seems like I sit on this chair just in
front of this chair there was this bowl
of water and I was thinking to myself do
I put do I put my feet in it or not am I
just gonna like not put my feet in it
and then she walked over to me and sat
on the floor while sat on this chair and
she was like put your feet in the water
so I was like okay and I was alright
it's quite warm out here trying to make
a bit of conversation so it wasn't as
awkward and then though she was chatting
to me and about about a few things
asking me what I do for a living and
stuff uhm and then she started to like
take my feet out of this thing and wash
them and stuff and then well I've got
onto this bed and she started doing a
thing massaging my legs my back and
although I feel I feel alright I thought
I'd feel a little bit better than I do
she said my back was absolutely shagged
so that's not good but yeah hopefully
hopefully she's attempted to fix me a
little bit but yeah other than that I'm
now back home and the vlogs will
continue as normal but I think promised
you guys a Q&A so I'm going to be doing
that Q&A
in tomorrow's video I'm going to
literally just sit down with my phone
and answer your guys questions on
Twitter so if you want to ask me the
questions then you use the hashtag ask
Mars on Twitter and I'll be able to see
them and I'll just sit down let you in
my phone one cut and just read out all
the questions and try to answer them as
best as I can
so yes vlogs will continue as normal now
I'm home hope you guys will write it
might as well as you guys have been
awesome I'll see you in my next video
which would be tomorrow obviously let's
see how long I can carry on this daily
vlogging thing we haven't stopped for
like 20 days let's do this
adios
