Hoodie cars frozen over so this is now
actually frozen that's all right but
that's enough to do miss the bloody car
I've reached your destination to portray
yo check this place out my be sick look
at this place this is this is like
next-level oh those chairs the freaking
huge and then wow look at a month this
is cool look at the fireplace Jesus this
is insane wow this place is really
really nice why is it Jacob is it sick
you're a cheeky devil you can't be seen
in my words mate what do I call you mate
this place is so so fancy we've got this
as a gift our family from someone who
works here so they've obviously got it
like really cheap oh my god it as a
christmas gift and we're like spending
the weekend here Jacob you're right mate
so parties like a spa and loads of other
stuff and we've got like a room here so
yeah I've got no signal on my phone
either so don't know how I'm going to
get these vlogs up so if you're seeing
this I don't know how I've done it but
hopefully you are seeing this and I
can't wait to show you guys around I
can't wait to look around this place
this place is insane I'm just look at
the hallways then still incredible look
at look at this place it's insanity I
can't these lockers look I don't even
know what you do I'm going to put my
coders one two three four and then what
what you meant to do with this man I
even understand so just got back from
the spa which is actually really really
really got them cool and then I actually
I brought up but actually come with me
I got from CQ that new 4k one that upset
me so I'm going to take that tomorrow
try and get some shots in the spar for
you guys because I don't think my phone
in there and water is stuff going to
bring my phone and bi vendors by its
really really really really cool this
place is like super super super super
super super super super posh so yeah but
from mills that I and then that's pretty
much I think
so it's now the next day in the bathroom
this should technically be in tomorrow's
vlog because it's a new day now but it's
not it's in today's vlog you valhalla
sweet China bout yesterday I company get
any clips because I was in the spiral
day and it's a bit you can take a camera
in a spot just doesn't go down well so
currently get many many clips you guys
so I apologize for a really short vlog
today which was my yesterday so
hopefully today's which will be
tomorrow's should be a little bit better
hopefully that makes sense to you guys
I'm going to the football match today
which you guys will see in tomorrow's
video by respect to push my teeth with
with this little toothbrush you know
it's my travel one it's a it's so you
know they've no it's like a thought it
was like a brand because consciousness
BAM on it heaven but yes I apologize for
today's vlog being really sure not much
really happened I was just an ass bar
all day and yeah that's pretty much
pretty much all that all that happened
but in tomorrow's video I'm going to do
a little Q&A as if you guys will know
drop some questions on to me on twitter
with the hashtag ask Mars then feel free
to do so for now my husband likes cats
have been also absent in my next video
ah
