this is my 2016 MacBook Pro now you guys
have heard me complain bicker and
numerous times in my videos but when
you're trying to work on this laptop and
you notice this little white
imperfection in the screen trackpad it
is broken as to where if you try to
click once it will just keep clicking
and you can probably hear this if you
listen carefully any key
I'm backspace and enter keys are very
temperamental and hardly ever work for
USB C pause this one to be in fact
doesn't work whatsoever well the screen
sort of just just fell off so with that
being said let's go shall we
right so two appointments first one
first ones for the Apple watch let's go
so far so good so guys there we go Apple
watch sorted out and I have to come back
in store in seven days and pick up a
brand new watch
next up the MacBook I really hope it
goes as smoothly as the watch did so I
actually have been super super impressed
with Apple thus far with the watch
pretty sure the same isn't gonna be said
though about the matte book but for now
meal for what I did a sloop to come to
meddle with
fortunately working and my girlfriend
well I'm seeing her this evening
 you guys won there we go
Mele finished first with lovely group of
girls there they were like really asking
about my camera on what I do I'm just
like 2 minutes late now for the map book
appointments I'm rushing off a cliff
I've spent a lot of money on it well I
make a video every single day so this
actually export exports a video every
day of its life that I've had it
do I do it on a daily vlog and I don't
have any breaks from it so I use it like
I do I do hammer it it gets a lot of use
you know what guys I have a lot of shade
on Apple online a lot of shade
frustration more than anything but today
that was Apple service was incredible
absolutely incredible
wouldn't take me time for the moment
you've been waiting for
ivar new mac sweet butter so guys
visited the Apple store after my months
of complaining for the third time and
the third time was the best time by far
they actually sorted out they actually
sorted out all of my shoes and I haven't
paid anything well upset
I spent some money on a new new MacBook
I saw on the screen because I had to
sign something it was gonna cost them
like 75 pounds for the Apple watch 1,000
pounds for a new screen for the Mac and
a new bottom portion of the Mac the
whole thing needed to be replaced so you
won't movie do deserve Alex why you now
then unboxing a brand new Mac well I
need a macbook to do my work on every
day to make this video this video is
going to be edited on this map book so
essentially what I'm doing right now is
hiring at this map book I'm gonna get my
money back this is actually the maxed
out map book like you can't get a better
MacBook than this one currently right
now this is the latest and greatest 3.1
gigahertz quad-core i7 turbo booster
24.1 you get 16 gigs of ram one terabyte
SSD Radeon Pro 560 before game
integrated graphics yeah this is the
latest and greatest thing this this is
mental oh by the way if you guys wanted
to win an iPhone X I actually did video
yesterday all I need for yesterday's
vlog about me giving away to iPhone exis
if you want to go in one of them and you
didn't see that video go watch it you
can win an iPhone X little competition
for you guys so guys I've got about an
hour and a half yes an hour and a half
before my train to Manchester yes I'm
going down to Manchester this evening to
see my girlfriend for the last time
before she comes home for Christmas but
there's one problem in that hour and a
half I've got about three hours work to
do
I've got to pack to go to Manchester
record some stuff for a main Channel
video that I want to release this week
then go ahead and edit that
channel video and then I've got one more
thing to do but it's kind of a surprise
for you guys
let's get to work so the main Channel
video guys that I'm trying to record or
wanting much rather finish off recording
because the body started recording it
this evening is about my computer a lot
of people have requested me to do it on
the main channel so that it's what I'm
doing acting upon what you guys say your
feedback is really really valuable to me
outside he is driving all the way to the
mini garage with me because
unfortunately a much rather fortunately
I'm going to Manchester see my
girlfriend for a few days right now so
I'm not gonna be driving my car I'm
taking my car to mini so it can have
some work done to it I'm not going to
tell you guys what I'm getting them to
the car just yet but I hope if it
happens it's gonna be awesome so it's
gonna drive there with me bringing me
back he's in a Golf R I managed a CW
this this is gonna be fun
vini look after my mini and Luke thank
you for bringing me bro when I go to
Manchester I love taking the boosted
ball because number one means I don't
have to pay like ten pound for an uber
to get to marilla's Unicom awesome on an
electric skateboard in Manchester
because of the roads well it's like
London it's all really really flat and
soft and the so many bike paths you can
bomb around on this thing it's so fun ok
so guys if you didn't know there's
actually a massive storm here in England
so it's made it really hard for me to
get to Manchester all of the trains are
canceled I'm going to have to if I can
try and catch your train tomorrow
morning because of this storm I
literally can't get there and I'm really
upset because I really wanted to see
Maria guys if you missed yesterday's
vlogging click right there to watch that
and if you not subscribe guys to my
daily vlogging channel you guys can
click right here but guys I'll see you
in tomorrow's daily vlog adios
