I wonder you know I wonder what the hell
is this little box a little one it's
money it's money is Eve package before I
open that little package you've just
come into my bathroom and that's don't
leave my toothpaste cap off and just
look look at the devastation this caused
you know what I thought this was gonna
be lenses inside of here for the phone
so it can do like wide-angle vlogs but
obviously not this is a battery that
your bid for my remote control car
because I'm definitely I'm definitely 18
years old I've got a remote control car
down there it's a really good one
actually it's a Traxxas you know it's
getting it up and running again so I
ordered a battery for it I thought it
was gonna be the lenses for my phone
down oh yeah
I found it I think I found it I think
what we'd say the toothpaste you see the
toothpaste in the bathroom it is gonna
hold it hold it with my feet here so we
can pull it out oh my god that lens is
massive what the hell
look how big that thing is Jesus there
we go so that's that's like a that's a
massive that this is like the worst fish
are not worse besides this is the
biggest fish I can get it probably looks
too fisheye for vlogs if that makes
sense
there's this one which is like a good
medium I think so we'll try this one you
guys let me know if you like this one or
or or this one which I think this one is
gonna look the best what can you see on
that is that you see a publisher quite a
lot of stuff pretty much a lot of stuff
totally that it's gonna look pretty good
and it won't look is like shaky because
wider angle so it should no I'm trying
to say camera people would understand
today it's running day okay I'm not
saying this at all as a joke right I've
literally been sat down here trying to
charge one of your battery I've made
this little cables plug into the charger
from any remote control car right and
I'm just starting here looking at the
charge of just started looking at the
charger I'm and I saw something move in
my peripheral vision you know when you
see something move but you don't
actually like see it you're not looking
at it I saw something move and it was
just like through here so I looked I
looked up and I literally I was like
this
down here I looked up like that so I
just went I'm out and I thought let's
know what there's nothing now there's
nothing there and then two seconds later
the motion says that light came on in
this room it just wait just went like
that and came on and now I'm a firm
believer of ghosts I'm not even I'm not
even having a laugh I'm not even having
a joke at all I'm literally running my
tits off he's swearing no way
motivation Oh God down the stretch now
let's go after run video finish Jedi
feeling a bit tight bit turn the segue
I'm naked that was that was a short road
of 2.07 miles with a eighth-note 756
pace so not too shabby really moochers
drive is bleeding so basically us going
down is this phone is not working at all
I was just going for a shower right now
peace out obviously when I run I was on
struggle I have seen some nice little
bits of film in with this thing and then
put up a pocket very satisfied with the
clips of got and took it back out again
now didn't work so so I've just I've
just had a delivery from sick you the
camera that we were gonna review on the
tech channel but it was actually that
bad I didn't think it was worth the
review they've sent me out their new 4k
one it actually does 4k so there's
definitely gonna be review of this one
on tech flow do not think we're
definitely gonna do review this one yeah
okay on a tight budget any like 80
pounds so we'll get a review up on tech
flow this little bad boy we promised him
yeah we need to look at the camera
promise
three two one everyone I promise
here she is the most pointless purchase
of the year the most important purchase
that I'm ever going to make this have
managed to get an iPhone 6s right you
guys aren't gonna believe me
success rose gold is pink one this pink
horrible 164 gig for 300 pounds so I'm
happy
brand new 300 300 punch you guys let
you're lying I swear on my life I'm not
lying
300 pounds can't complain what I'm going
to do is I'm going to get this run
repaired sell it for like 250 and then
it's only cost me 50 pounds to upgrade
my phone from a success to a 6s plus so
I'm not going to complain I need to
restore this thing from a back up now
and the neck that's cool is gonna grow
on me or not I don't know we'll have to
wait and see what do you guys think of
it
do you guys like this claw you think
it's like just a bit like a bit a bit
girly I don't know what to think of it
but you know I don't really care I'm
gonna put a case on it anyways we'll
never see it got some keys go go back
and meet the family now and we're gonna
go back we're gonna have a Chinese
tonight almost published fell off and
then I'm going out with Tobias it's a
nice blog it's gonna be a little bit
okay now I generally sprays them with DJ
you don't want to smell one go through
Katie's gonna win
like our past 3:00 in the morning we
just got back but we Peter 1:3 I've
enjoyed it so much I believe truly
enjoyed it so much that was insane
that was crazy I've got the pieces to
eat as well from charcoal grill shouts
charcoal grill and so yeah that's been
why is there a tooth so what it's been
New Year's no no was it New Year's Eve
ten years ten years you've seen here
ladies now 2016 hope all of you guys
have had a great okay great term great a
great news Eve to New Year's Day yeah
and means hope you sign it off we'll see
you in tomorrow's video
