just come to the realization that every
morning I seem to do the same thing a
lie in bed and I listen to music which
there is some music on right now but if
you can hear it wait now you can hear it
and then I managed to get out of bed I
get this remote I press that one which
isn't doing anything right now oh it's
that one there we go that turns on my
monitors as you can see then I press
this one which turns on the skull and
then I press this one which turns on the
LEDs behind there I'd get up I walk in
here into here power on the Beast and
then I check if it's 12 o'clock and if
it's before 12 o'clock I'll go
downstairs and get breakfast and if it's
after 12 o'clock I'll have some dinner
oh god I think we've just charged
thank you it's ok that's the password I
don't want that go back back back back
ok I got into the password you guys have
seen my password it's really secure ok
we can have breakfast yes excuse the
hair but my all-round favorite breakfast
cereal is drumroll please
little alert this might in here this is
this is this is just it this is this is
the main G this is the main offender
that's probably why I'm like really fat
but why is that really bad for you Jacob
what he just said cuz it's got Y now
functioning it's also got lots of sugar
you would be the death of me get in here
get a cheeky bit of craving Dale and
then what is it you just can't have
cereal without a load of milk so there
you go getting out some soaked in and
that is pretty much my breakfast you're
following me around aren't you what are
you doing with the hats on mate what you
doing
well today it's meant to be running day
but it's super super super windy outside
don't you consider please even though
you can't zoom when you use the front
camera
I've got like over the neighbors but
like a win
spin around and you don't want to go
running when it's raining raining and
it's pretty windy so I'm gonna do gym
again today and yeah I'm going to just
do weights and stuff and then just and
just wait it out I'm um
I'm not punching out I was punching
yesterday Bru
oh my it's obvious to the train station
now and waiting for Jed it's come from
where he lives I'm picking up from the
train station and he's looking about
Swank's he's got a video to edit for
tech flow which we film last week but we
need to get it edited and it's not
edited yet so yeah I'd say get the car
my teeth so judgmental bitch he's in
here look those mess up then about 10
times yes about 10 times and then hey
you can you can probably hear like mmm
that's this go much I'm gonna turn it
off I'm trying to like well you know
I've done I've found my g7x charger so
what I'm going to do is I've got the
battery charge for the g7x my old my old
on vlogging camera when I started
vlogging that's what used to vlog with
and then I actually dropped in a pool
yeah I'm a dickhead so yeah I've had the
good old blower on it it's had a good
half a year to dry out so I'm hoping
hoping that it's gonna work so I've got
the battery on charge if it works Jeff
this cover works I'll give you a tenner
but if it doesn't work then you've got
to give me a tenner now in the bathroom
and if you look you'd probably think
it's the start of a porno film set that
would start in the bathtub because we've
got LED lights number one number two
number three and number four and then
and Jen obviously right and we're gonna
do the condom challenge just because we
want to see if it actually works because
I've seen other people do it and it is
really intriguing like in a weird way
you're not you're not things do not
think it's like weird how it just goes
over your areas though actually I just
want to see it in slow motion so we're
going to record it in 240 FPS on this
little phone here in the 6s it's quite
successful and yeah we've got a little
thing is we're going to pop the phone in
here I'm gonna sit in the bath and we're
gonna do the condom challenge yeah mate
I'm the one getting the condom on my
head make your might even once
about everything but that's a lot more
whoa okay okay but he's still going oh
my god okay
ever had condoms now an idea too though
there are remaining two so we can't
continue the challenge but to be fair
I'm happy about that because it's really
nerve-wracking having a condom filled
with Tim liters of water dropped onto
your skull let's now look about on high
powered equipment for God's sake you
just realize that taking my top off and
I don't I'm just gonna hold it here but
yes we've finished two peas in the part
of the podcast was really cool at like
almost 200 viewers in at like half-past
2:00 in the morning which was insane I
wasn't expecting that at all but it's
now 20 past 4:00 in the morning and I'm
gonna get to bed funnily enough get some
sleep
so yeah and you guys were doing today's
vlog if you have a like rating would be
much appreciated my as - you guys have
been awesome
see you in my next video face
