uh money guys are we doing my name is
alex and welcome back to another day in
my life we've been doing this for the
past I don't know I want to sort of
count how many days been done I need to
count how many days you've done so far
but we've been keeping up can you keep
up I've been doing it I think since the
12 and it's now almost a 28 we're doing
it about 15 daily 16 days which is
absolutely awesome to hope you guys are
really enjoying them and I was a lot of
you guys know if you do around here
we're trying to do this thing where i
can we alternate the day so one one day
i'll go for a run and then the next day
I gives the gym one day I'll go for a
run next again for gym so today is Jim
day Reverend yesterday night my legs are
killing me like really bad so I was
preparing some water now I'm going to go
into the gym and I'm going to put the
punching bag and have a little go how
will all go a whole of the box and just
to just to let some steam out and stuff
but yeah let's go do that i'm going to
try and do some slow motion see if i
don't do some slow motion for you guys
finished all done got a sweater I'm
started doing some weights and I did a
little bit of boxing got a bit of a
cheeky little protein shake here but yet
other than that that's today's exercise
done we've done it for the last four
days now which is great and to get a
shower but you probably do that i just
want to give a little cheeky little
cheeky little plug actually to to this
video right here and this is a video i'm
going to actually change it live no date
change it would have done it it's going
to be live on the thirtieth of December
2015 so in well tomorrow yeah so this is
going to be live tomorrow and and it is
the best year of my life pretty much and
there's a video about everything I
edited it you got something editing it
in yesterday's yesterday's vlog but
every time I watch it I like it even
more and it's like I don't know I think
it's a bit like dickish when you say you
like your own stuff but I really liked
that video because it likes you it's not
like a video let's not much like a video
video it like it generally means a lot
to me that video I've got a lot of
memories in it you guys will see what i
mean when you actually watch it on the
main channel like tomorrow no today
because you guys are watched this video
tomorrow yeah just win some posts and
thinner soul on ebay now i'm going back
round to maria's again yeah let's go
join me to stand in the middle of the
tree all to one side because you can
have the smoke coming from that end and
then you take it there
I'll stood there like I had my
controller with me so I didn't want to
walk into the middle knife or wanting me
to okay it's a lot scarier than I
thought it was okay I mean I'm in the
middle now and I oh it's just snapped
off that's right there she is wait he's
not gonna do it now it is kind of doing
it oh yeah there you go do this
ma why are the brawl literally like this
video I've got rendered out and uploaded
for you guys ready for new year well the
day before New Year's Eve which is
tomorrow so yeah you guys going to see
this video that I've just shown you the
same day this vlog goes up so it should
be live by the time this vlogs up I just
can't wait to release it I really can't
wait to release it it's just a video of
everything that happened in 2015 and I
know I've already said that to you guys
but this video it look it means a lot to
me like really does it really does and
i'm also really annoyed as well i'm not
going to show you guys but if you put
that camera they might well see if I
focus on that can you see the little
white dog just there on my lens it's a
crack in the lens which is really
annoying but I've done loads of testing
and you can't actually see it when you
you know when you when you focus in on
this you caught you can't see anything
you can't see the crack but there is one
there and it's a proper crack in the
glass of the lens which is really
irritating let you can see it right
there I got huge it was really long it
was like in minutes long and this blog
isn't going to be as long as yesterday's
vlog I totally forgot to say yesterday's
vlog live by the way spot on Twitter and
as a tweet all you guys trivia nights
where y is the freaking blind bro I was
like I'm so sorry so yeah it's like as
you can see there we're now on 1018 p.m.
and yes pretty late I'm upsetting nakid
if you guys we should have watched
yesterday's vlog by now so just told you
to if you hadn't but yeah if you guys
know got back from maria's yesterday
morning yesterday morning it like 4am
and then i had like four hours sleep and
then I was back at maria's at 12 to help
her do some photography and stuff and
CSF say I'm spending a lot of time with
me at the moment which is really cool
but got some cool news I'm going to buy
this right i found it it's really cheap
and i'm just going to test it out right
because obviously you guys can obviously
see that this the leg I'm holding my
phone out at arm's length my iphone 6s
right now and why he's pretty much
zoomed in on my face and I don't want
that i want to be a bit wider what you
guys to see what's going on so I found
this on amazon right i'm going to put a
link down in the description but this
thing looks pretty cool so pretty much
what it is is
if I just go back a second all i did was
i just typed in iphone 6 lens case i'll
put a link to this in the description
cuz i'm going to buy this one right now
but there's a load of these lenses for
phones and then just clip on it like
that but the thing is this is like my
vlogging phone so i'll put this in and
out my pocket i took it in my bag
whatever I want to do with it I just
chuck it anywhere put in the pocket in a
bag whatever and if I get one of these
ones it's just going to fall off and I'm
going to lose it so the reason I want to
get a case one is because pretty much
what happens is this one this one's
quite cooks it comes with these lenses
but you put an actual case on your phone
a physical case and then the lens screws
into the case so it's just going to stay
on and it's not going to come off and I
can put my phone in my pocket I don't
have to worry about losing the actual
adapter now this one's pretty cool
someone put a review on it actually I
will do a full review of its a probably
do something on tech flow by X is pretty
cool this is probably the lens i do so
that is the normal iphone and then
that's it a little bit wider if that
makes sense everything looks a little
bit more wide so yeah i'm going to use
that attachment and hopefully that
should make these vlogs a little bit
better so I'm going to add that to the
basket right now and I'm gone by it and
I'll let you guys know when it comes
which should be on Thursday how it
performs where you guys can tell me this
is for you not for me okay this is for
you with my point where is that boy with
my old buddy merly my cat right my cat
pretty much I am as well now my cat is
actually blind he can't see anything
like walks into walls it's really bad
but it's so funny favorite bathroom but
night mate love you email yo guys I've
just got the light and on my phone so
you can actually see me I'm in bed I'm
about to go to sleep and just working
out a few tunes on the good old holy
Alex's Spotify playlist and put a link
in the description if you guys still
haven't got it yet but yeah hopefully
you guys have enjoyed today's but if you
have a like Britain would be much
appreciated might as well makes you guys
have been awesome i'll see you in my
next video which would be tomorrow's
vlog and tomorrow's main channel video
yeah anyhow
