so I'll just hook say it's a as all of
you very well know we tried to do some
exercise trying to keep myself fit every
day and my watch has just told me right
let me try and show you guys for them
focus all right here we go
so as you reached your exercise goal
every day last week and they've given me
a trophy and now the trophy and if you
look about actually has my name on the
back of it Robert poverty boom BAM which
is my name on my phone I don't know why
it's that just I don't don't ask but we
got an award guys we did it one of the
worst things about life is this it's one
of the worst looks so you've got you
you've got your nice blini you've got
your nice bloody four cheese ravioli
three four seven pound from from good
await rose-red
and you want to open it your are can't
wait for this sick then the next best
thing you're going to put it in the
bloody bin and there's no bin bag in the
bin oh you know what
just a gonna get any bloody harder Jesus
so good body goes into the day s
yesterday Toby has gone home and I think
I can hear someone where is Jacob boom
wait wait where you going
you got beer shopping now we did well we
don't have defeat doesn't then what's
going on mental a Honorable ninja for
perfection don't do good the only thing
I know how to use in the kitchen is the
microwave so easily put your food in
your clothes and your bestest one to
drink four five six six times and then
you're good to go
Bailey's in coffee is best thing in the
world yes
cooked to perfection every time I've
just got back from taking my brother to
swimming he's currently there at the
moment and I just got back need to get
some work done today Monday is a work
day and I've just come to message the
guy that won the hd60 giveaway on my
twitch account I've been running a
giveaway for the last month over on
Twitch I stream every Sunday and I went
to message him I finally got his Twitter
finally found his Twitter went to
message him and oh okay now is account
is definitely definitely suspended I
don't even know if I'm allowed to show
you guys this but this is what you call
the monster cats what is it Kinect
monster cap Kinect right and this is
like a paid subscription but monster
gets it came to me and they were like
Alex will like your videos here's a free
subscription to the monster cat connect
service so pretty much what I've got
here is every single monster cat song
that's ever been released ever and I can
click this button here and I can
download them in like all the file
formats and I can play them and I can
use them in my videos without any
copyright problem so I can use any
monster cat track on my main channel
without any issues at all and this is
one of my favorite drops ever
this is fractal and it's revoir they may
say that but listen to this
I swear on my life I swear on my life
where on my life right I haven't moved I
haven't moved right the thing is that
the thing is why I don't move out my
chair when I'm doing a video it's
because when I'm doing a video like let
me show you guys what I'm doing a video
like this right when I'm doing a video
like this will editing or piecing
together piece by piece a video like
this right if it's being pieced together
to music which this one is as you can
clearly tell if I press play so you saw
there a little bit speed up to the music
it's all to the music this whole entire
video is to the music right and when I'm
doing this you feel about you get a vibe
of the track you get a vibe of the
footage that you're using and you try
your best to mash them together now if I
was to leave go and get some food or
maybe go take a break from editing I
would lose that vibe or maybe come back
with a different vibe or a different
view on how I think I should edit the
piece together so when I'm doing a video
it's really important to me anyway that
I do it all in one sitting if I can so I
don't lose that flow that vibe the same
vibe that is at the start of the video I
want that to be at the end of the video
as well hopefully that makes sense but
I'm still sat here you probably like yep
we know we know but now I'm still sat
here right I'm still so here I started
editing this it's about two o'clock this
afternoon it's now half past frickin
6:00 and I need to get today's no
yesterday's vlog up which I forgot to do
what we think is I've been editing this
and I didn't want any distractions so I
need to get that up right now that is my
next priority but first I need to do
ctrl M on this masterpiece and render it
out exactly as I was saying it's about
dedication
I always keep my youtube comments open
on one of my screens just so I can
always see like a live feed of all the
comments coming in and it's almost sort
of like a comment here from from this
dude saying I really love your content
actually my favorite you should ever
keep it up so thank you very much for
that babysit sorry I'm a bit awkward but
do you have any work out - directives
and that isn't awkward at all dude and I
was trying to think of some myself and
this was the own
thing I could come up with I'm eight
thanks man I don't I don't really mate
it's just all about dedication and
literally it is it's freezing cold
outside my legs hurt from the last run I
don't want to go but it's about
dedication it's either if you want
something you go and get it and if you
you know if you know if you're not going
to do that we're not going to put the
effort in
you obviously don't want it that much
you obviously want it enough to not go
and put this in so I've got my kit on
now I'm going to go for a run as we do
in all of these running things this is
what I look like before the run okay
this one like before the run and then
and this is what I like join my runs
just so you guys know that I'm not lying
to you here we go look house lives on
the things this is this swallower this
world I want to get back from a run
right but the most unfortunate thing is
I can't tell you I can't tell you how
fast I did it in and if I beat the other
days speed because halfway round right I
tried to record a snapchat on this phone
because I'm gonna take this phone app
for links is obviously smaller and then
it just it keeps turning off it just
turned off and now it says the battery
is like dead and it's on like 30
I took it out it was on like 30 percent
have only been gone about 20 minutes and
this dead so I gots to plug it in I hope
it's not broken and it I didn't drop it
or anything that way you haven't been
doing all this fucking crazy shit that's
what I'm doing room is like so messy oh
my god it's secret thing innit I should
have shut it why we got smoke let's go
let me lower down to the ground smoke
right okay I'm focused literally just
got back home as you can see it's 20
past 4:00 in the morning I've been at
Maria's because she want me to take some
first or she want to take some photos of
me for a portfolio thing now can I just
go back and make eat this put in
whatever this is this mental tin or
paired for myself and then I'm going to
go in and get some sleep so you guys
have enjoyed today's video if you have
liked creating much appreciate preciate
you guys watching our daily vlogs and
yet neither gradually lights up and also
across see you in my next video
