today today is a very very very sad day
it's time to say goodbye it's time to
say goodbye it's time to say goodbye to
my to my babe no I've had so so much fun
on the June boogie I remember saving up
for this thing for absolutely ages and
oh my god it was an absolute blast but
I've had to sell it because at this new
house there's nowhere I can ride this
thing other than I like driveway which
is just a bit a little bit like
pointless really so we've got someone
coming to pick her up at twelve o'clock
this morning or this afternoon got the
battery on charge already I need to make
sure she's all working because it's
currently like half past eleven and she
wasn't working last night because I
hadn't used her in like a month so I've
charging at the battery I'm trying to
get it all up and running but it's like
super sad because I've had so many
memories on this with so many different
friends and members on this mex
girlfriend memories on this with friends
that you know I'm not really friends
with any more friends that I've never
seen in like three years and I remember
all these memories are on this book in
about some absolutely great great times
with it in the snow every year and stuff
so say now doesn't snow anymore so but
and yeah is it's time to time to say
goodbye to my BAE
there she goes look so a lot of you guys
know that the microphone on this phone
doesn't work for Siri when I've been
trying to use my lights so I'm just on
the phone to my insurance company now
trying to claim money and showing off
them and their hold music it's Christmas
music and its really it's like it made
me smile man it make you frickin smile
bro oh so oh so I've got my hat on
because my hair is an absolute mess but
I want to show you guys something I'm
just gonna stand I think rightist and
we've got no blue is absolutely dripping
wet outside wait to show you guys
something I'm just been upon the roof
and I've improved up on the tree Wi-Fi
as you can see see that black thing just
there the black thing that's my solar
panel and then in the red box which is
just there that is the 4G Wi-Fi and to
see this abysmal horrible weather right
it's actually charging it right so
imagine when it's bloody sunny it's
gonna be blowing the Wi-Fi up with
charge so I'm happy that's actually
charging it instead of putting it on the
tree which was over there I'm putting it
up on the roof because it's a little bit
higher than the tree so yeah I'm going
to try up there for a bit and there's a
main test is to see if that solar panel
can keep the why fight than 4g Wi-Fi
charged right so nut matches all of that
out I'm gonna go to the gym because as
you guys know I'm for a run yesterday so
it's gym today and then I'd be run
tomorrow and then gym the day after that
so I'm going to try and alternate it and
see how long I can keep that going for
hopefully I can keep it going for as
long as I've done these vlogs for
hopefully we can do it like with these
vlogs you guys can tell me if I then do
Alex well run Alex where was the gym
what are you doing so maybe go to the
gym now and then after that I've got a
really really really cool project I want
to work on for the main channel
24 push-ups push-ups one thing I just
don't understand right look at this arm
from the front right you think I was
like some tiny little guy and look at it
from the side it's so much bigger than
it looks from the front I need to work
on the whip to wait like a width of it
again there we are all showered and
washed up need to go and do my hair but
it's like Todd but no out some
twelve o'clock it's like half a six I
think and take me messing me tonight he
was like during a command can i chill
wine jars and chill haven't seen him
like since Christmas so total screw man
tonight we're going to chill out I was
going to be working on the special video
that I've got planned for the main
channel but i'll do that tomorrow Xena's
Toby's coming round tonight and we're
going to chill might do a little stream
tonight I'm not sure we just see what
we're feeling like but yes topes one run
tonight and I want to discuss what the
plan is with you guys for this video
pretty much what I've wanted to do what
I've had it in my back of my mind for
all of twenty fifty people since the
start of 2015 was to do a video on how
awesome 2015 has been for me personally
I think it's been a really good year so
far I've had some great times and I hope
you guys have to my youtube channel is
growing were absolutely massively which
is insane i couldn't ask for it to be no
to be growing anymore it's just insane
what you guys have done what we've done
as I collective is how I like to sort of
refer to it but yeah what I always do is
just do like a nice video for like with
2015 and you know just to remember it
because it's been a pretty sick year was
over some other 50 packs here we go
three two one it don't spend some cash
and some fifa points oh hello we go oh
god oh wow oh wow that camo is camo
that's all right oh wow that's without
rider I just got a light for the
legendary but blacks out for
light for the little bit let's do
against gay boys bush come on Oh rap Oh
boys legendary Vanessa invert I always a
blast site of this kit again and almost
do the same Bush you an epic rare come
on boys like that double-double
imaginaries you got to legendaries in
that one oh okay yeah there's definitely
there's definitely not a few kids in
here they've all changed the bloody clan
tag to Mars Oh Deary me right similar
private game I'll custom game and sooo
 nurse if we can wreak some kids
just just been in like a private game
just a little free-for-all on Nuketown
and yeah tell me one obviously but yeah
look up big this people just keep
joining a mint a bitch I'm trying to
chat about some about some just some
 and then pick the listeners if you
see yourself then you know you're a real
G if you don't want to add me you know i
mean it's y'all trying get it up is
there oh it since Alex Brooks now wait
for it keeway in there you go you can
help me there Alex or Mars say who is it
Rose if you don't show you guys a little
sick girl like you ain't await you in on
one ready ready for this three two one
okay I felt boom okay that's under there
to map things and then there's two more
mappings oh she I'm not to say things
you guys don't like I'm sorry up here
absolutely mental chemistry between
