I did not know this
they
what's going on are we all trying to get
through that's great huh we got to go
through this now Andrea right what
everyone's got to jump down onto this oh
my god
Jesus alright there we go I'm through
then presents Wow
see probably thinking Alex why the hell
is there a cable tie round your phone
what's going on what are you doing
pretty much on the back of this this is
my DAC or digital to analog converter
and as a lot of you guys know I
absolutely love music like music is a
massive part of my life it inspires me I
just absolutely love music you're not
going to do a lot of people ask me I'll
drop a Spotify playlist on my Spotify
account in the description of this video
if you guys got Spotify and click on it
and it will take you to all my playlists
on my account so I've got like a boxing
- running - gym playlist I've got like
my holy Alex's place where I put all my
favorite tracks throughout the year I've
also got like a deep house playlist but
the deep house and Spotify isn't as good
as like the stuff that you can find on
YouTube and stuff but anyway if you guys
want a Spotify I'll put it in the
description but yeah pretty much I've
got my DAC on the back of my phone of
cable tidy up and the main reason I like
to go running or the reason I want to
start running because usually I'm a gym
guy I'm just in the gym all the time but
I want to start running because it's the
time for me to just go and run baby with
myself and listen to music and with a
DAC you can get like awesome it like
makes your music quality sound
absolutely awesome so I've cable tied it
to my run and now can go and listen to
my running playlist with awesome quality
from my phone which is really cool I was
like a bit of an idiot but it's really
cool right so I'm gonna go now this is
what I look like before I go for a run
and now and this is well like after a
2.2 mile run an eight-minute pace which
is pretty like good for my first run in
like four years I think I haven't run in
bloody ages so guys the last half an
hour of literally Ben Savage is playing
with my lights in getting all the new
lights set up and I've made all these
scenes to have got vibrant bright down
low playtime playtime well it says a
multiple obviously if I compress it
there we go we've got birds and they've
got thinking productivity and movie so
they're all obviously different scenes
they all change the color of the lights
make them different colors make them
pretty-pretty sexual so just been
playing with that and getting on the
scene so I like this one a lot obviously
that on either side of the bed as well
but I am currently in bed on my phone is
tethered to the charger because it's
been dead through the recording I've
been doing today but I'm going to end
today's vlog here because it's currently
like half-past twelve in the midnight so
in the AMS so I'll see you guys tomorrow
in another vlog if you've enjoyed a like
rating would be much appreciated and
I've seen the next one adios
