good morning guys and just like covering
myself up here I'm gonna get shirt on
it's Christmas Day everyone is
downstairs basking in the festivity and
all Santa's good gifts so I'm gonna get
a shirt on go downstairs and we'll see
we'll see what's going on let's just got
up it's like a lot the time is I think
it's a half a 7 a.m. they think I've
ever been up this early so I'm going to
go downstairs get a shirt on and we'll
see what's going down I've got my shirt
on let's go see what's going on hope it
isn't an Xbox all the way around turn it
round me how's it keep that close and
turn it around
no like this look look that way now open
it up see what's inside there ready
what does that say and what is that a
Wii game so does that make you think
that you might have a Wii then there's
not a way in there though is there I
can't see one maybe so maybe something's
got it wrong it's a way isn't it we
haven't got scream what do you go what
well yeah we can use the tele can't we
well about what about the hundred inch
projector in the garage as well hmm you
go get that black spot laughs at last a
DVD Jacob I know right ready 3 2 1 Lego
Oh God not a phone up man what you want
help with the way what you know we've
just been playing we now displayed the
way with you yeah but I'm trying to get
footballer the football what is it a
game that you've got yeah am I not even
allowed 5 minutes just to set up my new
Philips you like that I've got off
father Christmas go I got to come and
help you now yes I'm not I'm not I just
want to set on my lights like I've got
this new look at this Jacob this is cool
this is so I can control my Philip's you
lights with Siri so I can say
to my phone I can be like yo Siri turn
on the lights fam and you'd be like yeah
sure dude I'll get those lights turned
on for you my friend but now you know
what I can't set it up because you want
me to come and help you with your Wii
you see what you need to be joking you
destroy me make you destroy me so here
we are guys let's do a live unboxing of
some Phillips you lights which I got for
Christmas finally I've got some lights
gonna open this blind here
so let's a bit of natural light into the
quality gets a little bit better for you
guys have you guys had a great Christmas
so you are like you're having a great
footage so far it's currently what is
the time now it's like my watch is
working there we go it's currently quad
plus 10 in the mornings in the AMS and I
think we've all opened all of our
presents I think Sam has been really
good to us this year because I asked for
some Phillips you lights and look what I
got
I've got some lights I want to put one
there and one there and I've got the new
Philips hue bridge as well which pretty
much it rip Philips really annoyed me
because you need the bridge to
communicate with the lights that's how
it all works but to get the new homekit
functionality for Siri to allow Siri to
be able to control your light so I can
say hey Siri turn on the bedroom lights
you need to buy a whole new bloody
bridge for it to work don't know I just
couldn't firmware update the last one
apparently meaning to go and buy a whole
new 60 pounds bridge thing which is
ridiculous and but yes Santa was clearly
very good to me and I've got myself two
nice new philips lights to go either
side of my bed and a new bridge so i am
really happy and i've got some really
awesome new clothes as well there we go
just destroyed this box trying to get in
doing 100 with the camera but here she
is we have another Philips you like to
go that side awesome I can't wait to get
this thing set up so then we can have a
load of light in here all different
colours look alike I just got an
absolutely nailed it
Jacob what was born as that sale man
what does that say on there jumpy what's
your brother
a champion a champion you can't beat
that can you watch your eyes go 43 only
for Disraeli what's mine 429 the lad
who's the winner
Ali ah basket boys here we go all right
so the pros do it by miss one oh my god
I miss missed it oh my god here we go
bye girls
Oh was that sailor Jake was that say
what's your brother broth professional
professional gee usually vlog on this
phone here but I'm going to do it on
this phone just because and it to
demonstrate something to you guys so I
hope you got this phone let me show you
what this actually I don't know I've
turn the lights I need to turn them off
but let me show you you ready for this
right hey Siri turn off the lights okay
turned off hey Siri turn on the lights
okay how cool is that
right I don't know if I seem like sweaty
or anything like I just I just I
probably look worn out of literally it's
it's 7-7 51 right yesterday's vlog
should have been up an hour ago but
obviously I've been spending time with
the family today with it being Christmas
Day now I've come to edit yesterday's
vlog which the files were on my laptop
and I just couldn't find it anywhere
we've all been looking for my laptop
everyone in this entire house been
looking for a laptop the last half an
hour and it was under the spare bed what
my head hurts my head literally hurts I
can't believe you missed the laptop how
dare you run away from me but today has
wrapped up all the family members have
gone home so I'm now on my own and yeah
yeah whatever you go through I know
they're gonna get a lot questions right
what what did you get for Christmas so I
thought I just thought just run you guys
through what I've got for Christmas so
I've got these these really cool lights
obviously the Philips but it's bloom I
got two of these lights oh I got that
one there and that one next I did have
to either side of it if I actually put
them behind my desk is it like a blue
one down there's a little LED strip and
there's another bloom light and then
there's these two obviously and then
yeah so I've got that cushions which is
absolutely awesome my grandma got me
those so I was like I was like gamar if
you've got you know if you want to get
me some lights I'd really really
appreciate it and then I did the one of
the main things was actually awesome but
I got for Christmas was something I set
up myself was a live stream last night
so I was live streaming up until
Christmas Day here at 12 a.m. last night
and all of you guys were there there was
like 400 people in the stream and it was
absolutely awesome like being with you
guys on Christmas day and like really
honestly made my Christmas I went to I
went to bed in Christmas morning about
1:00 a.m. after the stream and I was
like that was so cool being able to hang
around with them hang around you guys
but yeah that was that was actually that
was an awesome Christmas present guys
hopefully the people that were in there
watched it too I also got some new
shirts I got I got this one my dad
bought me some shirts oh he got me you
got me this this nice shirt here and he
also got me this this nice juillet
juillet Jackie I'm think as I say
juillet and then he also got me I don't
know a point now is I think it might be
down here somewhere where is it
I'm searching for it where is it I've
hung you up somewhere but all everything
is nice and tightly together so I don't
I don't know where the hell's it gone oh
here it is this is a nice yeah this a
nice little Jack wool shirt which is
really nice nice little Jack Wills chat
Will's number which is cool and
obviously we've got you know the Mars
bar shirts and it was absolutely awesome
you guys been tweeting me all day say
you know I've got a mouse ball shape for
Christmas and you guys cute with
tweeting me saying you've got the Mars
bar shirts and I was like this is this
is so cool honestly I've really really
really enjoyed
enjoyed this Christmas it's been
absolutely awesome Christmas 2015 has
been a huge success barmy getting really
angry because I thought I could I
couldn't find my laptop anywhere but I'm
just edited yesterday's vlog I'm just
seen it's like really short so I
apologize for that short vlog yesterday
so I'm just about to upload that as we
speak to to the vlog channel but yes
Christmas has been a great success and
so was Christmas lunch as well I really
enjoyed it I like at it so fast it was
ridiculous
