so a lot of you guys know that I've been
doing wait a sec wait a sec wait a sec
where is that there we go
so a lot of you guys know I have been
doing some work for al gato gaming and
what I thought I'd do was go and give
them a bit of a Christmas present so
I've just gone ahead and dropped off a
tweet to a garter who's making this
little cheeky photo just to say Merry
Christmas talk arty because they're an
absolutely awesome company and I love
all of their capture cards very very
much oh and every single one of them am
I giving this one away in my stream
tonight what's that noise what'd you do
to make it net do it
Preston ocean I did it that is really
annoying I got my mum some I'm at my
mass me to get her some headphones for
Christmas right and I thought I can't
just get her some headphones that was
not that's not enough because my mum's
absolutely awesome to me I love my mum
she helps me out with loads of
situations that I wouldn't dare talk to
anyone else about and but I got I got
some Bose headphones and I put them in
this little bag but I couldn't find any
tape to you know take the top up so I
used duct tape and then they also made
the label out of duct tape as well it
says hi mum couldn't find a name tag so
duct tape it is love you that's what I
did so hopefully hopefully she likes
that just testing out the good old
Bluetooth krk kicking along nicely
you know you know you know what I'd be
em at the car wash yesterday what a
waste of time that was they just spray
coming up from everything and the thing
that's the most weird is it's Christmas
Eve today and I've got my glasses on I
haven't had my shades on since since
bloody eat the summer what this isn't
Christmas this is just like she is like
sunny great cloud and just and just
spray from cars everywhere but I'm
currently on the way to go and see my
mum for a meal because as you guys know
my mom and my dad are split up I
currently I live all over the place
really at the moment but yeah I'm going
to see my mom I always see my mom on
Christmas Eve it's a thing we've done
ever since mom died so if I see my mom
on Christmas Eve and I'm with like my
dad on Christmas Day so me my mum and
now going for a nice meal I'm gonna go
meet my mom have a nice meal with her
and catch up with her for a bit and just
spend a bit of time with her
thank you very much
what is this mug ting here this is the
quality checker for Domino's doctor at
UK we just ordered some pizza and when
do we order pizza we only ever order
pizza when the streaming on twitch.tv
forward slash mr. Marvel got the
microphone look at the webcam who got
the xsplit we've got the green screen
with got the chat everyone's following
it say hi guys
yo we are we are we are we are we are
everyone - everyone's here at once
kicking along and chillin we are
currently streaming now is that eleven
ninety we've been playing some Far Cry
which has been absolutely awesome I'm
really enjoying it not as much as far
cry 3 though it's been really really
cool but it's not as good as far cry 3
in my opinion we've got pizza on the way
and we're gonna be streaming live here
until Christmas day until 12 a.m. so
it's gonna be really really really cool
and yeah look everyone wants exactly
spamming in the chat there look about
was gonna actually mental but so yeah
I've just got back from meal my mum like
I went to a meal with me or my mom
earlier mmm I'm a mom that's what I have
to say and yeah just come back to chill
with you guys on Twitch so that's gonna
be for this vlog hope you guys have
enjoyed it - relax you guys have been
awesome I'll see you in my next video
anyhow here's the chat again quick see
if you can see yourself boom
