good afternoon guys it's currently 3:50
in the afternoon and I let me just let
me sit down I have just got out of bed
drove Maria back to her house and now
I'm stuck
well not still coming up I'm gonna i'm
in a car garage thing they're gonna wash
my car pretty much so i've been sat
there for bloody ages doing satya pretty
much all right let's start vlogging i'm
just about to go to the gym after this
as well so yeah i'm gonna go to the gym
I was absolutely off my head last night
absolutely off my head really really bad
at me I ended up getting really angry at
one point and the thing is like it's all
fun and games getting drunk it's great
laughs and it's honestly really good fun
but there's a book if you get in that
drunk to the point where you're
uncontrollable and you can't control
what you're doing you can't control your
actions that's when when things start to
turn really bad and nice
that is what so we need to find the
balance of like finding your limit I
know I know a friend of mine was
actually three of us and we ended up
going on to one of my mates houses
pretty much what happened to him yeah he
got that drunk he was on the floor with
with like saliva coming out of his mouth
foam coming out of his mouth just being
sick everywhere so knowing your limit
when you're drinking is like the key
pretty much is that makes it so good to
drink it's good to drink it's good to go
out and have a good time because you
need a social life and social life's
social life's social lives are really
good because if you just cooked up on
your own all the time I was for the last
sort of three months I started to get a
little bit of depression but now I've
been starting to go out a lot more
recently going out with friends all my
friends asked me if you want to go out
now I'll say yes go out and I feel a lot
better in myself for actually getting
out and doing stuff which is absolutely
awesome it's all about that fine line if
you want to go out have a good time just
be reasonable with it as well they've
got a good thing a good thing to say to
yourself is actually my manager said
this to me Jack said this to me
yesterday
he said what did he say don't remember
now he said that was it he said is it
better to go out and do something that's
gonna give you short some happiness or
stay at home and let's say for example
build a business that's just that really
outlandish but let's just say that for
an example build a business which is
something that will give you longer-term
happiness so like what what what's the
best thing to do stay in and make a
business which is gonna give you
long-term happiness or go out and give
yourself short-term happiness and a
hangover the next day so it's about
finding that that good medium between
between everything it's all you need to
do everything in reason that's pretty
much what I'm trying to say I don't want
you guys to grow up in but I'm gonna go
out because alex is going out no it's
not I'm saying at all just chill out
have a good time
everything with him reason and keep the
cars nice and clean since I'm doing now
I'm at a car wash what are you doing to
my car sir as you can see is now like
ridiculously dark outside how's it that
car wash for about an hour and a half I
hope that been a good job I'm gonna get
out of the car energy
have a look and see if there's a new
good job it looks good to me by now and
a half what but I up right I've
made a big mistake right because I
haven't been having my donald's I've
been trying to keep myself off the
McDonald's just because I'm trying to be
more healthy and I'm gonna have to cave
in I'm gonna have to do it so plainly
which is look at medium fries and a
water please mate yeah that's it cheers
mate thank you very much
right so I've had a lot of people ask me
there has to be the question and they've
said Alex can you do a video reacting to
hate comments and I thought I do want to
do one but I want to go through a few on
this vlogging channel so that's exactly
what we're gonna do and I found our
first comment right off I found it I
found it it's a good one it's a good one
okay here we go it's from tall FDX Zed V
and it says ready Paul's the farmer
dick sucking posh couldn't no hate that
is a beautiful comment just found a
really nice comment from a guy called
Milo and they had replied to it but I'd
forgotten that I'd replied to it but
this is this is pretty much what he said
shout out to my life for being an
absolute legend but he says I said this
a thousand no there's a hundred times
but unless you can express the respect I
have to you you're honestly one of the
most hard-working youtubers I've ever
seen and I hope to see your channel go
way beyond 1 million subscribers keep
doing what you're doing bro love the
content dude I really appreciate that
Milo thank you very much for the awesome
comment
let's do this
do we get what do we get 91% notes here
longest street was a hundred twenty-nine
thats not bad for expert mode hey guys I
am super super tired so I'm gonna I'm
gonna go to bed but yes it's Christmas
Eve tomorrow so I'm gonna go see my mom
which would be fun so I'll miss you
bring you guys along in tomorrow's vlog
but for now
might as well as you guys have been
awesome I'll see you in my next video
adios
