hello guys what's going on my name is
Alex and welcome back to another vlog I
pretty much think I am what's the word
for when you sleep at nighttime and no
no not the one that we sleep another
what's the word when you sleep at day
but you're like awake at night it's
pretty much me I woke up today I woke up
right here yeah came back from town last
night woke up here and yeah that was it
it was just it was just I woke up and
the Sun was going down
it just was and I felt ashamed I felt
like oh my god but I wanted to this
video just to say just to say obviously
I just wanted to sit down and just talk
to you guys for a second because I just
don't I just want to say thank you and
you probably like Alex thank thank you
for what what what what are you thanking
us for but never guys seriously thank
you it's currently like Christmas Eve
Eve and it's like almost the end of 2015
and this time last year I was on a
hundred a hundred no I wasn't even a
hundred what we're talking about I was
on 46,000 subscribers I think and my
channel my youtube channel got
terminated at the start of this year but
I was on about forty six thousand
subscribers on my main channel I don't
this channel had even been made this
channels almost got like a hundred
thousand now which is absolutely
incredible so thank you to everyone that
subscribed and and still stays around
sticking watching all the videos which
is awesome but like my main channel now
has got three hundred and thirty six
thousand subscribers that's like two
hundred and ninety thousand subscribers
in in 2015 and that is in say I got that
thing Oh what the May what is going
on with this silly for me there we go
can you see it this thing my phone was
like you've run out a battery and I was
like no May I'm recording a vlog it's
like 10% battery but I hopefully we can
get through this thing so wait I said
let me I'll plug it into this case let
me get along I'm just gonna do this one
take vlog guys you guys
any cuts in this I'm just gonna plug
this case in here no charge it the
charge and hope that hopefully now it's
charging charging the phone but yeah I
just want to say a massive thank you to
everyone really it's just absolutely
incredible like I was just thinking
about it yesterday I was editing a video
for the main channel yesterday the
swegway one with these new news new
boards in them and I was just sat there
and I was thinking it took about three
hours to edit that video and obviously
people make youtube videos and I don't
think people the people that watch them
including myself really appreciate it
like personally myself well you guys
think but personally when I click on a
YouTube video and I watch someone's
YouTube video I'm either like yeah it
was good or man I didn't didn't really
like that and I click off it and that's
it and that's all I think if I like it
I'm like yeah that was great cool nice
video dude and then maybe leave a
comment or like rating and that's it
I'll leave it but there was so much
effort so much effort that went into
that video that I just watched that was
probably I don't know let's say 4
minutes long but it all started from
someone pressing record on a camera like
I've pressed record on my iPhone they
pointed that camera at themselves and
they've started talking to the camera
this is exactly what I'm doing right now
let's just think about it think about
this like properly I am just in my room
walking around holding a phone our press
record on the phone is looking at me I'm
talking into a phone right and I'm gonna
upload this to YouTube and it is so
weird that that that whole process can
yield such a massive and I mean an
absolute massive like like thing it's
really hard I don't know if you guys
understand what I'm trying to say let me
know if you do but I just wanted to say
like thank you for like everything's
happened in 2015 with with with with
YouTube I'm so grateful so so grateful
I've tried to give things away for you
guys like I'm giving away a GTO mega
check every one of these chairs are
giving away a swag way currently doing a
giveaway on Twitch which is going to end
tomorrow on Christmas Eve I'm going to
be live-streaming tomorrow on Christmas
Eve on my twitch TV fourth slash mr.
Mars bar
gave me live streaming some new Far Cry
4 but at the end of that stream I'm
going
be announcing the hd60 winner the way
you enter that giveaway you have to
subscribe to me on Twitch but I'm always
tired of giveaways just to give back to
you guys and say thank you because I'm
really really really really do
appreciate it I really really appreciate
your eyes it's it just like I look over
this every night and I just think it
wouldn't have happened without you guys
it just would it just would not have
happened without without without you
guys and it's it's it's incredible it
really it just really is and yeah thank
you very much for everything really
that's I don't how many times I've said
that now but yeah that's it that's all
of what it's talk about I just I don't
think I think some youtubers like gets
so over over like populated with all the
all the fame that they get and they and
the
