a lot of people are afraid that when
they die they're going to be locked up
in the darkroom forever you're not going
to have to put up with everlasting
non-existence that's good guys how is
everybody doing my name is of course
Alex guys and welcome back to another
daily vlogs
kind of mild here this morning in
England as it is winter time is usually
horrible weather so I thought I'd take
the booster ball to the office this
morning and make the most of the weather
good morning guys everybody's okay you
recognize me always Alex I make you Mona
FOMA shop and I'm saying happy birthday
to you tomorrow have a brilliant day
NuStar thank you hey guys I just left my
phone with the phone trader man oh god
this is not going to work hopefully you
can fix it hello guys just bought some
wrapping paper now quick meeting this
morning meeting over this morning about
insurance and doing loads of things I
need to talk get some insurance because
my wireless business is getting really
serious now
don't touch my spare phone to get it
unlocked again Christmas wrapping paper
got presents for people think it's time
to go home because I need a copy
Christmas is let miss I'm alright yeah
no okay some presents so guys I put a
couple of presents under the tree
obviously we're still awaiting Santa at
the end of the month but these are just
a few present from me to my family
a big one is something I've got for
Jacob thought I'd do you guys the
liberty of doing this on video as I said
in a tweet the other day I did buy two
new iPhones I did a little joke and say
I did it accidentally of course I didn't
do it accidentally I did it to give one
of these away to you guys I just saw
those check out and they had the white
one and the black one in stock so this
is my old one it's going back tomorrow
they're sending me a bag to put this
phone in and then I'm gonna send it back
to where I bought it from and that's
getting a refund that bag is coming
tomorrow
I've already unboxed the black one but I
know what the black one looks like and
I've never seen a white one really
online anywhere or in real life so this
is going to be quite interesting and I
think just for the sake of it well I'm
just gonna keep the white one for myself
and give away a black one which I think
a lot of you guys would be happy with
but I'm gonna put a case on this thing
and Wow so this one is that the black
this is the white obviously as you can
see on the sides of both of the devices
it's kind of hard to see actually really
then if you guys can quite see the
difference but the bottom one is the
white one and it has sort of there well
the top ones black and that one's like
silver collar and then on the back of
the phones obviously one black and one
white
okay then guys as you've seen by the
title how do I win one of these phones
and what I'm gonna go ahead and do is I
want to use this white one for myself so
what I'm gonna go ahead and do is this
is the black one I bought to give away
I'm gonna go ahead and buy another black
one of these
so there's then a no wait I'm gonna buy
another white one so then there's a
black and a white one to give away so
I'm giving away two of these 256 gig
carry unlocked iPhone turns now guys how
do you enter I'm doing a lot of serious
giveaways at moment with like with like
ROG lot of serious companies which those
companies are promoting so this one I
just want this to be for my subscribers
only so this is gonna be it if you want
the black iPhone X go over and follow me
on Twitter and stay active on my Twitter
forever if you want the white one go
over and form an Instagram they active
on my Instagram forever I'm gonna joke
in for two weeks I'll click the winner
at Christmas and then make sure you
subscribe to my vlogging channel and my
main channel and tech flow with
notifications turned on on all three and
the last step is to comment what color
you want down below and that is it
best of luck guys in this giveaway is
just from me out of my own pocket just
for you to say thank you for such an
awesome year this year guys Merry
Christmas and good luck I'm diggin the
white though
the camera is probably really fogging up
right now and that's because I've got
the shower on if you're installing a
screen protector you meant to do it in a
room that's full of mist so then it
makes all the dirt really heavy and
therefore you get no dirt on your screen
all installed I love the white the
iPhones last chance to keep its crown as
my daily driver if anything happens to
this phone it's got a case and screen
protector on it I will be switching full
time to my pixel 2 XL because I've had
enough of Apple products breaking
they're driving me mental right Luke
well he's been working very hard
recently and he's gone and it's gonna
bought himself a new car so let's go and
see
Oh Luke my boy I'm so proud of you Luke
that is absolutely gorgeous Luke I am so
proud of you bro Wow Oh Lucas Lucas
Lucas dies immense oh wow
go on then oh it's good it's just good
blue LEDs they're there in their whole
reasonable this cars that I've
influenced year on LEDs dual carriageway
action ice changes so fast I love the
change
oh good it's just a good Karma's come in
just listen to the sound of a golf are
are you ready for this
I am very very proud of my friends like
have you ever go to these friends right
where they are just so obsessed with
like one thing and they really want to
get that one thing and you can see how
much Drive they put in to get that one
thing what I'm trying to say is Luke
ever since I've known him which isn't
for a very long time but he's always
told me that he wanted to get a golfer
one day owned a Golf R who a Golf R is
is like the performance golf Volkswagen
it is like the best Volkswagen you can
buy it's a very very fast car and
obviously cars are very subjective
things personally I like a car with a
little bit more character obviously have
you seen my car back on track it's just
really inspirational though seeing
somebody wants something assessing their
goal and then in a short amount of time
and they thought they would actually
achieving that goal that that is
inspirational if that shows through to
you guys knew how much Luke wanted that
and the work he's put in to get that
you'd be very very very impressed with
him because he's very worked his ass off
fair play and that's the one other thing
as well you need friends to be doing
really well so then it pushes you
forward as well to say it the saying
goes surround yourself with people who
for hue to level up
hey that was cool wasn't it yeah no yeah
I think I was pretty cool
I took my old phone out because I didn't
want to risk dropping the new one before
I send this one back
that was three and a half miles at 7:06
per mile is that fast runners I think
that's pretty quick isn't it that's
pretty quick I'm happy with that so guys
I have opened my first Christmas card of
2017 and it's from my brother and it is
brother Christmas is like well Peng and
inside it says and his writing is really
good it says to Alex have the best
Christmas of soup is anyone Christmas in
2017 bro and enjoy your present from
your best bro
Jacob PS come on mars bar blogs I I love
him my brother is amazing he's just a
genius I literally couldn't ask for a
better brother is amazing I think I is
the two iPhones are here go ahead and
enter the giveaway if you want to and
for a run exercised and today been to
see Luke's new cars and a bunch of
errands in town I think that'll do is
today guys
setup is still working or absolutely
sweet and guys I'm taking my MacBook and
my Apple watch to Apple tomorrow so
we're gonna go ahead and see what the
crack is for now guys if you've enjoyed
today's vlog a like rating would be
awesome guys go ahead and enter my
giveaway if you would like to and I'm
gonna go ahead and end this thing here
guys if you missed yesterday's vlog
click right there guys if you don't
subscribe to my daily vlogging channel
click right here and I'll see you guys
in tomorrow's daily vlog you ready for
it guys
