it's pancakes it's great great pancakes
make you join it mate that's brilliant
look how goddamn day my car is and then
I dammit
so recording here Waitrose as you can
tell it's really dark and I haven't
vlogged all day which is which is
absolutely awful of me no it's not it's
not really that off oh ho ho ho guys a
nice piece of care so much that off of
me just I've had a really boring day and
I don't want to show you guys boring
stuff but now that Waitrose and Jed's
being a Mentalist so things are starting
to perk up a bit it's so bad that
everyone is just staring at you because
you've got a skateboard and a
snapback on exactly like the world
nowadays I is just the world nowadays
everyone's just staring email Jenna
needed some help on what he wanted to
get here we go Jed has now gone home and
he has been at mine all day because I've
been editing videos for tech flow we've
got a Christmas special coming over tech
flow which would be really cool so we're
gonna release a video on tech flow on
Christmas Day which should be absolutely
awesome now I just want to go ahead and
apologize for the stabilization that
YouTube has been putting on my videos
recently I'm not sure what's happened
I've been turning this feature off on
every video I upload because I know that
it's like a really bad thing when you
keep trying to stabilize the footage
because it makes it look awful but I've
been turning it off so it doesn't do it
but it still does it anyway it just
doesn't listen to me so I've deleted the
application and I've read downloaded it
so I'm hoping that now when I tell it to
not stabilize it it'll do as its told
video
what are we gonna say turn around to
memory yo guys what is going on I've
pretty much just got back from Marie's
house Marie is a friend of mine and I've
just got back the time is currently 10
to 12 so we've got 10 minutes to record
the rest of this video ok we've got 10
minutes to do it and I've got probably
the most exciting 10 minutes or the
probably the most requested 10 minutes
of footage you guys have asked for and
that is a run-through of me sitting here
talking to you guys about these mad
Tings so that's exactly what we're gonna
do in the last 10 minutes of this day
before it hits tomorrow and I need to
start out a new vlog which I'm so so
happy that we've been been able to do
this do this thing every single day I'm
really sort of happy with myself that
I've been able to sort of pick up a
camera every day and and and you know
and do this do this thing I a lot of you
guys don't know this but you know it's
it's late so we can talk about this sort
of stuff and actually know I'll be
honest with you guys I've been with with
with Maria and like we chat about stuff
all the time and and she said no she
sort of like opened my eyes a little bit
earlier and yeah we're a little bit of a
DMC deep meaningful conversation and
stuff and it was it was all going well
and that wasn't the car on the way back
and I was just thinking like personally
I find doing YouTube videos like quite
difficult not look not other that not
about like the time that they take me to
do or the all the editing that you know
or the editing that it did you know at
the time it takes me to edit these
videos that's not a concern because I
love picking uncle camera I'll not speak
I love picking up a camera I love I love
making these videos for you guys and I
really appreciate that you guys stick
around and watch them like I would feel
a little bit dead inside if you guys
were to like I don't know leave or
anything I just wanted to talk to you
guys yeah coz and it will get to these
in a sec just to give me a sec it's fun
you guys to know some stuff right but
2015 has been the best year of my life
so far and that is thanks to none of the
you guys the people that have clicked on
this video even if you're new around
here like you are still contributing to
that every single person that's ever
clicked on one of my videos even if they
haven't subscribed even if they just
watch them it's made my year it honestly
has and I just thank you guys so much
and I find this really difficult because
I'm like I'm a really shy person and I
know it's doing this YouTube thing
people peep the people that can pick up
a camera and film themselves
it seems really self-centered and it's
like oh he can pick up a camera and put
himself with Internet he finds himself
so interesting and everybody
thinks everyone loves him and that it
just isn't the case with me like I tried
to I do this thing to give people advice
I do this thing to make people smile
I'll do this thing to share my
experiences it's like a backup of my
life on the internet which is absolutely
awesome for like generations to come in
my family if anything ever happens like
that I have kids or whatever and they
want to see what I go up to when I was
sort of 18 years old but it's all bad
for them but yeah let's move on these
are the sweg ways I'm just checking how
we've got hooked it down for two minutes
I'm sorry guys I just wanted just words
of a conversation with you guys but
let's move on so these are the devices
down here now I just want to say get
something off my chest real quick I'm
gonna be really quick saying this right
sweg ways balance boards but
kidding
swag swag sex segways whatever you want
to call it you call it that I'm gonna
call it a swag way it's because that's
what I've always called them it's what
the side men call them it's what the
people in my friendship group call them
they're called swag ways I work for a
company called balance boards right I
should technically call them balance
boards I don't call them that
I call them swag ways because that is
just what's been drilled into my head
it's not my youtube intro right so hey
guys it's drilled into my head do you
guys don't want to call it a swag way
just replace the word swag way with
whatever I say yeah replace it with your
own word replace it with swag whatever
you want to call it yeah whatever you
want to do I just don't want to say
another comment that says it's not
called the swag where I don't give a
 I just really don't it's not called
a segue either cuz segways are a proper
patented company these aren't segways
okay they're not there's something else
I don't know what they are they're a
chinese-made board you call them what
you want okay but let's move on with
this I'm gonna take you guys through all
of them and go through all the features
and stuff
this is the first one this is the one
I've had from the get-go and this sit
was sent to me by a company called
balance boards now I just want to say
again I have been sent all four of these
free of charge but there's a but I
haven't been paid by any of these
companies to to to say anything
Pacific about these to boast about them
to do to you know to to sell products I
have been sent these products they've
sent me an email saying we're going to
send you a swegway if you would like
that and you can use it new videos if
you'd like so I was like yeah of course
I use them in my videos and you know
what if you know if I like the products
I'll put a link in the description I'm
not being paid for any of this just to
let that just let you guys know I get a
lot of comments saying Alex you'd spend
ridiculous amounts of money you
bastard on sweg ways what the hell you
you know I mean and I'm just like I
haven't half of the stuff in here is all
it's all sponsored all this is spot I
haven't bought any of this I'm buying it
my whole computer in here this was all
the sponsorship like I don't get paid I
don't do deals where I like I don't do
deals where I pay to say anything I do
it to like to like make videos on the
stuff so I don't get paid to do anything
right on with this so this is number one
this is the balance board here and this
has been with me from the get-go I'll
spray painted this it's been through a
lot and it still goes it still goes I've
done a modification where if you stand
on it look the lights come on not on the
front they come underneath it on and do
like a little on the side that makes
sense
and it's covered in duct tape I don't
know why but this is just your
bog-standard swegway which you just move
around on and these are the ones that
kicked it all off the massive craze
which is crazy to think that you know
this thing has been through a lot like
I've taken this to events it's been
through a lot I've done even do burnouts
on it in the bathroom I don't if you
guys are going to see on the floor I've
absolutely destroyed it here I do
burnouts with the sweat ways on the
floor and
you know ruining my floor there but it's
fun so that is the swegway the box
doesn't smoke away I'll put a link to
her in the description now this is the
same thing as this but an off-road
version and it's actually got pumped-up
tires and you can actually pump the
tires up and let air out of them which
is absolutely awesome and it also has a
key I'll show you what that does in a
second so let me just bring this one out
out here a little bit and show you guys
this is in my opinion built better than
this
it's got like a carbon fiber finish on
it which is absolutely awesome and the
on switch is right on the bottom which
is a bit annoying as well at the charger
but you press that it turns on shoes do
ice is really cheap and I think if you
guys heard that but it actually has
bluetooth in if I get my phone here and
try and connect it up while I'm doing
that I will just tell you what this
little remote does so pretty much what
this does is you can lock it so it
doesn't work yeah you can unlock it and
now it will work and you can also press
that button and it will make it make a
beeping sound so you can locate it
that's pretty much all that does and
then what I'm gonna do is try and
connect my phone to it right now is
connect II does successfully so how you
can see there except the Bluetooth
device is connected successfully
I can then launch music on my phone and
press play and as you can hear it's
coming out the bottom of this right away
you can ride it and it plays music
there's also lights on either side of
this thing which is really cool so that
is that is pretty much this one and it
plays music really cool and then and
then it's off and that is that is pretty
much that and let me tell you now it is
really good offroad it is actually
really good it's much better than this
one like you can do so much more on that
than you can on this but it's so much
bigger so that is that I drop a link to
her in the description now this is my
most hated one out of them all and I'm
not saying I hate the products I hate it
because I can't ride it I'm just
retarded in my head and I just cannot
understand it I just I just can't get my
head round it for the life of me but
pretty much what this thing is is it's a
one-wheeled device with a button on it
I'm not sure battery indicator there and
as you can see it has these foot pads
what you do is you push these foot pads
down like so and then you place your one
foot on one side one foot on the other
and it's like a unicycle now my friend
Jed can ride this thing like insane
well I'm only just starting to get the
grip of it and it's like my it's my
thing it's not even his he comes around
and he can ride it really well I just
can't
I'm just crap it so that that is that
that's called the monitor over now this
this is what you guys are waiting for
this is the ninebot now this is going to
be an explanation of what this thing is
a measure my best to go through all this
features so it's absolutely awesome it
just looks like something out of the
future it just does and the thing is
this I wouldn't say this is banned here
in here in the UK the swegway things
these things are banned this is a
classed as one of those I don't think I
think this is something a little bit
more special so what we're gonna do is
gonna press this button and turn it on
right and I'm gonna I'm gonna lean it to
the side actually for a second actually
I'm not gonna lean it on its back right
I'm gonna turn it on so as you can see
it gives us a battery indicator and a
Bluetooth flashing icon what I'm going
to do is get my phone in a minute
connect it but let me try and show you
it's Auto stabilizing feature so I'm
just gonna lift this up here like this
ready right there you go Aalto
stabilizes itself and then it stays up
in that position baby and then pretty
much what you do is you push it forward
and it'll go one way push it backward
it'll go the other way and it has LEDs
and the back color changing LEDs pretty
much what you do is you stand on it like
this go forward go back by leaning same
as a normal swegway but the only
difference is to turn you actually move
this thing in the middle so you have to
have you you like to type to it and move
it side to side like that if that makes
sense so you move it side to side and it
has some really bright LEDs in the front
of it which are really cool and they're
actually a sense of 10 LEDs so if it's
bright outside these LEDs won't be on
and if it's dark they'll come on on
their own they're automatic which is
absolutely awesome so let me get my
phone a second and download the app for
you guys and show you it this is a long
video but you guys have requested it so
I'm hopefully hopefully you guys are
going to enjoy it you open up the
application here and it says 9 but it's
really really cool actually so as you
can see here we are in the application
it's found it it's connected to it the
Bluetooth icon is stable so let me just
step on the ninebot now and show you
guys what its gonna say now go up on it
and then it has my current speed under
which way I'm heading so if I turn here
it's gonna see which way I'm heading and
as you can see it has my speed so if I
go forward it's going to put my speed up
get back is gonna put my speed up and
that's your speedometer and
has your battery life and if also if you
swipe up which is really cool you can
see like your total what amount of
things you how many miles you've gone
and bloody bloody blow which is
absolutely awesome and you can compare
it to other people that own these
ninebot things you can also do it
remotely so if you can press this post
this in the bottom corner you can
actually remote control this thing here
it's gonna work there you look so you
can actually remotely control it like
this which is absolutely awesome and you
can't do that while she stood in it by
the way that's only for if you're not on
it and don't know what that features for
but yeah that's pretty much it you can
put it in like a beginner mode and stuff
and you can go in the settings and
change all the Machine show you guys go
in the settings you can change all the
LED set like the light settings and
change the colors of these LEDs on the
back and yeah that was the ninebot it's
absolutely awesome and that is a bit
more of a behind-the-scenes in-depth
look at this thing now I drop a link in
the description to where you can buy
them but yeah I think it's really cool
it's super fast as well I'm gonna be
doing a video on the main channel it's
probably up by the time you guys seeing
this video actually this would be like
behind the scenes of what this thing
actually is but yeah that's it that is
her and she is absolutely awesome I
think she's really really cool I'm
trying to like really really take care
of it so obviously these swegway things
are getting absolutely smashed but this
I'm gonna try to take care of it because
I think I don't know I really really
really like it and the application is
really really cool so yeah guys guys
this thing is really really cool and I'm
so so stoked to make some more videos on
it for the main channel for you guys
hopefully you guys are gonna enjoy that
but yeah for now we're currently I think
we've got over twelve o'clock now so
it's a new day and I need to go get some
sleep waiting for the morning and start
recording a new fresh vlog for you guys
man I'm gonna update you guys on the new
camera that I'm gonna get and if you
guys got any recommendations on cameras
that are Wi-Fi and it can transfer to
iPads and stuff so I can edit on my iPad
or my iPhone
let me know I want it to be like really
good quality 1080p that's that's good
you know I mean if that's you know
tenant I want to be good quality pretty
much for you guys nice wide lens so yeah
that's pretty much it - you guys have
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video
