not doing it like that it's gonna kill
me I can do good morning guys how are
you all doing it's like half past 12
I've just woken up on the on the way
back back home right now last night I
was obviously in London which was
absolutely awesome me and taupe went
round to a girls house last night which
was pretty sick just hanging out and
chillin so that was that was pretty cool
just on my way back now yeah it's Sunday
today some days are like a pretty I
don't know they just I just find sunday
is the day where you can just chill out
you can just sort if you want you can
just like be with yourself be like with
your self than your own I'm going way to
do be a man but I don't know sundays are
just one of those one of those days
where you can just get those shit things
done you know I mean those things that
you don't have time to doing that we get
them done and you can just like just
chill out and just be yourself
I swapped the camera around there we go
list on my way around to see my grandma
and granddad my grandma gave me a ring
she was like John you want to go around
for a bit so I was like of course who's
wanna come around like it will make the
thing is right it will make that me
getting around to the house right and
seeing them because they don't get out a
lot me going around to their house right
for an hour today will make their day
like it will make their day and
obviously my gun does got em I've lost
my other grand dad to cancer I grabbed
my grandad that I'm going on to see now
my other grandad and I've got the forgot
other diseases cool but you forget stuff
and it's like something horrible but
sometimes it can't might remember so
remember remember my name remember
people's names remember what he's doing
a member who's where and what what I'm
doing he'll get me confused with my
cousin he'll say you know how she music
going my cousin's into music and I'm
like grand that I don't do music I'm the
guy that does the YouTube videos and
stuff but going around there should
hopefully get them up a bit and I can
see them and just chance them so yeah
mom I'm a firm believer in life you can
do something so little that will make
someone's day why not do it just
finished up at Legrand Mars and it has
just started raining but got my give me
a massive bag for Christmas so I can't
wait to open this on Christmas Day and
see what's inside it hopefully she's not
trolling me and it's like a load of
bricks awesome finish is moshe she's
coming I consider my way of you here she
is I don't wait here we go
god I hear guys how are you doing and
what I thought I'd do is I haven't
listened I usually this on snapchat
right we usually do this on snap so if
you guys have got me on snapchat right
if you don't it's marci snaps ma r zi
SNA p.s marzi snaps and yeah go ahead
and add me but we usually do this on
snapchat but i'm going to show you guys
like my five best songs of this week so
let's just do this quickly and I love up
you guys know I absolutely love my music
so this is like mine in no particular
order this is the first track right this
is called ongoing thing right ready for
this let me skip you out of it
let's walk please move according to
facebook and then this is called deeper
love right let's get down a bit ready
wait brett coming up shut up oh la la is
it tuned right what's the next one next
one is universe by don diablo this is
sick right guess back again
that's that that's universe by don
diablo next one this is called feeling
right everything is nice next one is I
took a pill in I've ether and took a
pill in Ibiza sure vici I was cool and
when I finally got sober fell 10 years
old about fucking it with something to
do I'm living in LA so you guys know I
laughter love music so they're my top 5
picks of this week I took a pill in
Ibiza feeling right bye Popcaan universe
by don diablo ongoing thing and deeper
love by jaws they're the top five for
this week there might be 65 for the
thing i was five yeah they're my five
tracks for this week but the reason I'm
in this you probably think a nice why
the hell University of fucking freak
what I'm doing is I'm just gonna go
boxing because I've just been being
really lazy at the last few days so I'm
going to go and make this make myself
sweat and and just do some do some
boxing 32 what's before i am recording
in 4k that's why it cut out so we're
just calling live streaming over on
twitch.tv force / mr. Mars bar it's dead
and and yeah here we go we're currently
live streaming and we're literally I've
just recorded this segment of this vlog
but every one of the chat was like Alex
it's not recording what are you doing
with your life you're an imbecile and I
realized that I'm actually recording
this in 4k so it's using a lot of like
space on my phone and so yeah that's
that's an issue but yeah we're pretty
much like people saying my pizza time
because minto distorted nice chi Chi
Kadam but yeah it's currently 1150 we're
going to end up and wrap up in about 15
minutes for guys if you want to say
anything anything to youtube then and
then now is the time to put it deal in
the Middlesbrough now I don't but that's
there you go guys I'm going to end this
vlogging tenir with a nice little chicky
bit of the chick made the stream but yes
we Samanas been Alex you guys hop it
awesome and i'll see you guys in my next
video adios
