what we got is weak all the Christmas
shopping bit and it's like Christmas
like when Friday Friday xride a oh
you're in some deep in all fairness
I haven't do mine say you know she going
to Grant's town next week and just isn't
decent do some shopping what are you
gonna get me mate published by made
dildos nobody give me a big one
I love assuming that I use all the time
a golden plated Wow right so today we're
messing around with this and the ninebot
which is in that box downstairs we're
gonna go get some final shots for the
video we're doing on the main channel
now before i zoom after London and James
Eames off back home so this is the
off-road swegway as you guys have seen
before and this is the ninebot it's
absolutely insane it connects by
bluetooth to your phone and you use this
thing in the middle you see that big
stick that jets like playing with that
that's how you used to yeah I'll try my
word that that thing in the middle
that's what you use to kind of steer it
you're out there Jed mate right let's go
then and then gets off like a rubbers
dog consider it considering this is an
off-road piece of kit we may as well
actually go and try some off-roading and
there's some stuff down there mate that
is rapid I'm going fast and that is just
like it's a minute all right go through
right this is this is a pretty horrible
road to go down so let's see if this oh
my God look at whoa oh my god there's a
big the thing is it's actually pretty
good off-road like the other swegway
hoverboards whatever you guys want to
call them I know you guys look I don't
know what the corner Alex Michael it's
Wegg way whatever I don't know I'm just
gonna call it this way great it's easy
and you guys know that me look it's
actually going off-road pretty well but
this is bump with you that's rogue way
wouldn't have a chance on this and you
can go out over this with look look at
it it's absolutely mental the other
swegway made this roadway wouldn't have
a chance with it on it I bet you can go
over this as well look at this right not
a chance and do this work but let's even
do it on this one
look at that look straight across Oh No
Oh
straight up look we're not much the bad
boys not messed about just killing it
so we're currently on our way to London
to see a film premiere called Eddie
strong mum he's gonna be a pretty sick
event starts bit later though but one
against London and just chill out we're
going back to eat but it's a brief
pretty pretty serious of all that I've
got the players right they're not
messing about today so hopefully and
hopefully it should be a good laugh and
it should be a pre interesting so there
was a massive but massive men there
heady strong man's about bodybuilders
and stuff there's gonna be a lot of huge
that really built people there so he
should be really interesting
Jacob it grew up on the track but it's
also posh corn pretty posh man this
slice is posh got a ton popcorn this
posh car
well as it arrived successfully in
London we've come for a little bit ago
at TGI Fridays what you haven't made
barbecue pulled pork my go for this one
jokes no way I'm fitting that inside of
me feeling brave is Bowl she doesn't do
it for now
oh I do YouTube videos yeah okay right
I'm gonna go for the are fried onions
double glazed ribs let's do this
branches absolutely destroyed my ribs
beat Elliot anyway he's still going is
that he's still only out they destroyed
the ribs absolutely gorgeous
yo guys I've literally just got back
from London I'm sorry I could really
feel much cuz it was like a private VIP
event and I don't want to sound like a
dickhead because I'm just really not I'm
not one of those people there's just
like I got invited to so-and-so I got
invited through a friend like a friend I
got plus-one there so it was really nice
of him to do that but it was absolutely
awesome it was about a bodybuilder and I
got to meet the strongest man in in the
UK which was absolutely awesome and
shook his hand towns were massive like
as big as like my whole body you guys
never cut a small guy so it was
absolutely awesome meeting him and
watching his premiere of his new sort of
documentary which is absolutely awesome
of Hattin how he got from like point a
in his life to where he was like wanting
to commit suicide to point B which was
like the training to point C which was
like being the strongest man in the
frickin UK which is insane and he's now
competing the strongest man in the world
which is incredible it's a massive
motivational evening for me and it's
really been quite eye-opening you guys
know I like motivational stuff and it's
been it's been really good it's been
really good but I've just been playing
with this and it turns out it's dead now
so I can't show you guys know do some
more videos on the ninebot very soon
I've recorded a video for the main
channel today while I've been in London
and Jed was here this morning obviously
so we've done some videos on the ninebot
and stuff for the main channel on the
big camera so that should be fun but
yeah you can control this thing with
your phone which is absolutely awesome
really cool you can actually do that and
it has it goes really fast and you turn
it with but by tilting this if you go I
mean like this this bar hates it moving
that bar bear you've moved that
side-to-side and that's how you steer it
but more videos on that very soon am i
the right way around I am the right way
around cool so yeah it's about midnight
now has been invited round and to the
girl's house that I came back from the
other day so I'm gonna nip around there
just to see her for a bit and then yeah
tomorrow I've got a pretty chill chill
day tomorrow I think it's gonna be quite
boring because I'm going right oh my
gosh this is you're my god
so yeah she's nice to go and see go and
see your elders sometime so yeah I'm
going to see them tomorrow but obviously
I'll you guys will see that in in in the
vlog tomorrow but yes that you guys
looking forward to Christmas we're
getting closer to it and yes awesome
- metallics you guys have been awesome I
use the word awesome a lot
do you have been awesome and today's
been awesome and tomorrow it won't be as
awesome as today but you know what
you're gonna do and I'll see you in my
next video adios
