good morning guys - the doors locked
I tried to get out of here in the door's
locked do that one again open thought so
today is Friday and got a wild a wild
moose right here
I would Ben's Marlin moving this morning
this is Jeff and we're room you guys
tell you know that we're filming for
tech flow today this is that this is the
rig that we've got we've got set up
right here
we've got dramatic intro music sony a7s
after Michigan with a road microphone
and pretty much what we're doing today
is we are doing the second episode of
YouTube tech and what I want you to tech
is is pretty much a series that we've
done we've only done one episode so far
and it was on cameras second episode is
on microphones and pretty much YouTube
tech is like the best tech you can get
to meet each evideos and that is pretty
much the idea of it we thought it was
pretty like a niche idea not many of the
like tech channels have done that before
so we thought would bring you guys like
a series on how to like get the best
tech YouTube what's the best microphone
and stuff because we're going to be
testing out this bug boy and we've got
some other road products and we've also
got the blue microphone as well so we're
going to be comparing them all in one
video it sounds good doesn't it it
sounds pretty sick about a parcel
arrived and I think I know what it is
and I'm very very very goddamn excited
to open this bad boy I'm going to try
and prop you guys up somewhere that our
judges going to hold it he's gonna he's
going to do it he's going to hold it
forwards right you ready for this guys
I'm really really really really really
really excited for this are you ready
this is my first ever oh wow
that is insane this is my first ever
limited-edition shirt that I've ever
seen myself they sold out in about Oh
God knows I think it like I think all in
all because we put them on hold for a
bit because it went so fast they sold
out in think about four or five hours or
hundred of them so as you can see the
goal
I go on that which just looks absolutely
paintings on my what's up on my knife Mt
and then this is a special bit I don't
know what he says in here I think I was
yeah look so it says that even with gold
on the back I'm 0 0 so obviously
everyone else's was like 1 to 100 if
that makes sense so got all of the first
year was number one of all of the last
year was obviously number 100 but that
that okay that's talking about sick that
is awesome and it's even got a golden
logo on the back we've already gone ham
with these with these shirts guys are
absolutely awesome oh so cool the time
is currently about half past two we've
just finished a segment filming outside
about some on camera microphones now
we're back inside and we've got a little
set set up right here we're testing two
indoor microphones or studio quality
grade microphones I'm going to set up
the camera edge the static camera with
the Mac and the two microphones I'm
going to explain about the two
microphones what I like what I don't
like about them and then do like little
recording test thing just to see so you
guys can see pretty much what the
quality is like over on the video just a
video about microphones if you didn't
what we're doing were testing out
different microphones and stuff for tech
Flo hi Jett doing very very well funky
are you sure about that nice little zoom
there so that cheeky right three-two-one
so we are now in a home studio
environment in my living room but it's
the perfect place to test out these two
home studio microphones now these
I'm trying to the light on when I do
these lot makes it look a little bit
more better Jed is currently editing a
video for tech flow which is the video
recorded actually last week but well we
try and do right because I'm an absolute
genius it's clear all this stuff away
it's gonna take me ages so you don't
want to do hey check that out and by the
time I've done all that Jed you probably
finished this video I'm here I represent
it was done 95% yeah sick yeah so a lot
of you guys identify I should told you
guys in yesterday's blog but my KRK
actually packed up I put on snapchat
anyway so you guys have me on snapchat
should know but this K okay actually
just tokens don't work and we couldn't
find an issue with it that one's working
absolutely fine so accordingly editing
videos with one speaker but what I've
done is I've taken the tweeter out of
this k RK I've taking it all apart
that's the back board that goes in it if
you're interested the reason I'm taking
it apart not sending it back is because
the one out they one that they ran out
of warranty
really really fast which is annoying so
what I'm gonna do is you strip it down
and try and use the parts as like spares
and repairs but what I'm going to do is
go and put this tweeter in my car
because these produce some really nice
note so I'm going to put this in the
passenger side of my car just so I'm
sort of like slowly upgrading my car
speaker system and then I can say I've
got krk audio actually in my car you
just you just not going to believe it no
one would believe this know what you
guys are going to think I'm lying
Jed I'm not lying Am I no you know I'm
not lying
literally right this is okay okay you
guys know right before light is a key
okay there you only had to Cal case
before that's because one of them broke
you guys know that right we've converted
this this was the broken one we've
converted this Jeb picked this thing off
pick this thing off it's Bluetooth
totally done this Wireless give it some
volume
how awesome is that
think people can believe it's not
playing it honestly no close to
it I swear to god we've made a Bluetooth
wireless K okay I suppose ya gone to it
random yeah there you go
it sounds insane let's take it outside
yet so as I'm going as the car park as
the car park right let's give this a go
quite it's quite right see here she is
here's our Bluetooth monster let's see
what we can do if we just placed on top
of a car like this and then turn it on
by pressing the button in the back where
is it so so so so loud
so as you can see this bad boy ting with
the velcroed plug on the back of it is
actually ocean we're gonna make some
more of these we're gonna make them an
flog them to you guys like this they're
gonna be called the mark the Mars the
Mars come speak which we don't know what
should we call them not not that but
yeah that's gonna be it for today's vlog
I hope you guide guys guys got this
better fit today's vlog guide you guys
know my guides okay that's fine whatever
I'll see you guys in it's midnight holy
 I'll see you guys in my next video
we need to start right now because it's
now a new day
