yo guys I just want to say I really
apologize for yesterday's vlog
apparently the audio kept going out I'm
not sure what happened as I said I
record these things on my phone so I
apologize if there's any issues or any
teething problems we're going to just
starting this daily vlogging thing so
for now just if there's any issues be
sure to let me know in the comments
section and I'm sorry if it ever happens
again or if anything happens I'll do my
best to try and prevent that I'm gonna
try and get a camera to do these vlogs
with which should be should be better so
we can improve this thing but now I'm
just doing them on my phone so I'm sorry
for any hiccups that happen hopefully
you guys appreciate that let's go on
with today's vlog right there hey guys
what's going on my name is Alex and
welcome back today is it viable for the
run now I don't know I'm not sure but
what is going on in front
oh no oh god I've got trap we've got
issues the guys I'll try and show you
guys what's going on oh bloody a look at
that what's going on air boys and girls
you can't just close the footpath off
look at this gays are sticking it
sticking out or is he just this just
weii what mates right let's go we're
gonna go pull out pull out three two one
foot down makeup we put down there we
are come on boys - come look at this
here we go it's just actually quite cool
you guys can see what's going on I cut
my foot down oh bloody hell
it's getting about two miles an hour
don't know what's going on but I'm on my
way to the gym actually no no I'm on my
way to see Barney's mom because Barney's
mums going to Australia to see Barney
for Christmas which is great so I'm
gonna go and make sure they're all
alright and see them off sort of thing
they're going at 1 o'clock today and
they're just after that I'm gonna go to
the gym then just after that I'm going
to pick Jed up because we're coming back
to film for tech flow today which is
absolutely awesome I'm pulling up beside
this buddy
as an old man feel sorry for people over
down let's go boys let's go boys run
about from sports car I Drive this
little mini like a bloody sports car and
it's far from that I wish you bloody was
a sports car anyway yeah so that's the
plan for today and yeah just a pretty
much sealed workday you guys can see the
workflow for tech flow see how it works
see what we get up to and yeah that's
pretty much it I'll bring you guys along
for the journey just finished up at the
gym check out my sick haircut but yeah
they're pretty much just finished up at
the gym I'm really like debating whether
to renew my membership or not because
it's up on New Year's New Year's Day I
believe my membership ends for the gym
and I just don't come here enough to
warrant spending ridiculous amounts of
money on a year on a gym membership so
I'm not sure whether I'm gonna be new or
not I might run bargain with him but if
you give it to me if you give me a year
for like 300 pounds then then you know
what I'll renew it but you know what I
don't think David Lloyd will do that
says David Lloyd and all they tried to
do is steal your money so yeah it's a
nice gym but they're waste of money go
to a cheaper gym if you can well we're
gonna try mate Jed laughs when I turn
this on you guys know what happens to
the shade you in yesterday's vlog you
ready this is the best noise this is the
best noise you ready just connecting it
now is really cool
you guys in the vlog channel getting
more inside info on these need to open
that tomorrow as well as gonna be a main
Channel video I mean jelly gonna mess
around with these tomorrow and do some
sick videos on them we're gonna get this
one out and that one out and see what we
can do make some awesome videos I even
got a Bluetooth speaker built
into it mental ting you've just got my
snapchat mystery for hey so as you can
tell I still haven't like done my hair
anything I just you know I'm feeling
really lazy recently I just can't be
bothered to do it I'm sorry if you guys
want me to do it then let me know but
hopefully you guys that you guys are
cool with it what the Jed what are
you doing I do know what Jed where are
you me where are you the new road money
what is a road might say yes my Road you
coming out on my speakers made even hi
Kim yeah it's hot as I can otherwise
known as the server room yeah I don't
stand me what's going on okay for the
vlogging my main vlogging cell which is
absolutely awesome Jed's got like the
other version of this this is like a
shotgun one and Jed's got the ball one
which is more of a spherical sound you
put it that way when your stereo stereo
right see guys a short vlog today but me
yet have got to get an early night
tonight because tomorrow we're filming
for tech flow and we are doing a main
Channel video about the these two items
in in here so hopefully you guys should
be looking forward to that that should
be up like early part of next week on
the main channel so that should be
really cool something to look forward to
but yeah I apologize for the short vlog
today and yeah not not much is really
not much has really gone on there's been
there's been that's interesting in my
life and I apologize for all the cutting
out with the sound I hope the same thing
hasn't happened in today's vlog
otherwise I'm gonna kick myself in the
teeth which will probably make me look a
bit better actually but you know who
knows so yeah I will I will see you guys
soon
adios
