good morning guys welcome to day two of
the 12 days of Christmas blog I hope all
of you guys are doing great and I hope
all of you enjoy yesterday's video just
a few few bits of feedback from
yesterday's video actually and number 1
i'm going to try and like not stand
there and just talk for ages and number
2 i'm using the back camera now on my
phone instead of the front so the
quality should be much better let's do
this breakfast is served it smells like
absolute horseshit oh yeah it's a parcel
claims be for me please be for me gates
for me i go to mcdonalds about one in
the morning last night and bread trying
to fix my sleeping pattern but i just
cut actually to be fair i did get to
sleep last night about and now want to
say about two o'clock fell asleep about
two-thirty and then go up around eleven
i had a lot of sleep last night but i
still feel crap i really think there is
like a fine line about how much sleep
you can get i think you need to get
about six and a half out of sleep every
single day like if you get any more than
that then it like you up if you
get any less than that it you up
i'm getting a lot more than six a half
hours which isn't good anyone that knows
a thing or two about sleep let me know
in the comment section down below so
pretty much what came in the post was
this tiny little USB battery charger
which charges the batteries for the
charges the batteries for in here these
LED light panels which is really cool so
now i can charge on the go and the
atomists 4k recorder for my main my main
camera so what i can do now is it
charges them via USB which is really
cool even has a little displays saying
how much has got charged on it my wall
charger for these doesn't have that so
charged by USB so hopefully now I can
stay charged when I'm on the go and it's
really small and compact which is
absolutely awesome I installed an amp
and some of these speakers in my car and
everything has been working absolutely
fine I took my garden for a service and
when I brought it back not a map none of
my arms working and I wondered if I
could bring it in to you guys to help
troubleshoot the issue now I phoned up
halfords which is like a recaro pair
center here in the UK and they just said
I have to go somewhere else to get it
fixed I'm just going to go and fix it
myself but I've sold my google glass so
I am on my way to the post office now my
phone never stops going off avoids the
post office now to go and post this to
the buyer on ebay and while we're going
out there I may as well try and take a
look at my car myself and see if I can
fix it you know what right I've
literally come in the car and looked at
my amp and seen these two things on
plugs then what they did when they
serviced my car they shouldn't be
messing around with my amp and stuff but
these two plugs are meant to plug into
this part of the amp here and then now
hopefully it should work let's give this
thing a test I've literally got next to
no fuel left I need to get to a petrol
station ASAP but let's see if my sound
system works now right I told it to come
out the car come out the car now please
please
oh sorry we're sorted now I gotta go and
post this little cheeky google glass
parcel thing to whoever bought it on
ebay so yes the post office is just here
yeah did for was ready before vehicle
christmas new year as well see you soon
cheers we're back in the whip ass where
the ice where the back of my car is just
full of receipts whenever i buy
something I just check the receipt in
the back of the cart and I don't know
where to put it so they just live in the
back of the car that's just where they
live next stop I really need to get some
fuel I've got like 13 miles left in the
tank and I'm a bit worried let's get a
nice little shaky bit of diesel you
appreciate this one now i'm not paying
extra does the same bloody thing them to
there we go put the car in there pull
the trigger to do this we all filled up
now full tank on my way to home based
health as its home base because i'm
actually recording episode 4 of the
ultimate gaming sale of today's i'm
going to home base now and i'm going to
even pick up a few bits to do the cable
management in the in the room so
hopefully we can find what we're looking
for in home page quality driving it's
the weather it's just absolutely crap at
the moment I'm just realize it's
actually really cool because you guys
can go and watch the main channel video
and then these like daily vlogs are like
sort of behind the scenes when i'm
recording on the main channel so you
like you guys can see like a behind the
scenes of like building the ultimate
gaming den part 4 which is pretty cool
actually i think well I don't know you
guys are the viewers so you tell me if
that's cool or not some just sat in
home-based car park as you do I've got
my cable trunking here which I've just
managed to squeeze in the car there we
go its resting on the back there and
then I bought some other bits and bobs
in here which I'll explain when we get
back
should give this guy a race look both
pulling up to the red light that's give
him a race go let's build up his
Bulldogs pull off go go go let's go way
hey my car's fans going like an absolute
mad tape but anyway we're back and I
started I've started doing this vlog
before I started doing the main video
even though this bit is about the main
video shows will show so i'll just like
like the vlogging style instead of a
dinner then i'm trying to say anyway
here we go we've got the home based
items here all 50 however many pounds it
was of item ridiculously overpriced
anyway here we go you got ok pick
yourself out make it what you doing what
like i said but it's a pretty much i got
an hdmi cable because the one that i've
got at the moment seems to be putting
little green dots on the screen so i
brought him up the hdmi cable so not
only one of those we've got an HJ i
thought i thought what the wrong thing
then yeah it's an hdmi splitter so what
you can do is put it on the end of here
and then you can plug another hdmi cable
into it as i said i wanted to put the
hdmi cable there in the main video if
you guys have watched it i dont no way
watching this and then yeah there's this
thing and then i bought little plugs i
want to put a few more plugs up there
and then i bought this for my brothers
we so it can plays wait on here and then
some cable taps and then there's you see
and obviously the cable trunking
actually it's just dawned on me that you
guys are going to see this before the
main channel video I suppose that's fine
it doesn't matter it builds what's
called hype hopefully you guys are
looking forward to the main channel
video anyway I know a lot of people have
asked me to bring it back so this is
exactly what I'm doing yo guys there's
no dark outside you probably can't see
me and now you can I've been doing
videos in the gaming dental day or doing
an episode of the gaming den rather
we've just set up the ps4 as you can see
on there it's really loud but in the
episode of the gaming dem today I've
done a load of cable management which is
absolutely awesome and tidy the place up
a bit and I've asked for your guys
feedback and we're going to set up the
guitar hero live on the ps4 that's why
the ps4 set up just welcome back to
PlayStation
I haven't played this thing yet but
that's it guys that's going to be it for
today's vlog my vlogs are like really
long so if you want me to shorten them
down then let me know and I'll try and
like concise them a little bit if you
want me to do that but if you prefer the
longer ones you want to sit here with
some food and watch the longer like 10
minute blogs then let me know also to
see you like the longer runs in the
comments section but as always mine has
been I likes you guys have been awesome
I will see you in my next video adios
