good morning guys welcome back to
another vlog now let me let me get let
me find a chair the rooms a tip let me
find a chair I've got something I need
to discuss with you guys it's serious
this is this is some serious serious
stuff so as soon as we all know right as
well as we all know I'm slipping about
as we all know and I put tweet out last
night well know and all of you know
because I put it out at like 3:00 in the
morning right which is a stupid time to
tweet every everyone stupid it 3:00 in
the morning no one knows what they're
thinking at 3 o'clock in the morning
nobody knows what's going on right
pretty much I was really annoyed last
night last night hours for strated I was
annoyed and the thing is the thing is
with me right I'm a really as you guys
know I'm a really calm collected guy
don't let anything get to me if
something bad happens I'm like oh it
will be fine look at the positives I'm a
positive guy I'm always trying to spread
positive vibes always trying to be
positive and say you know we'll get
there in the end sort of thing and
there's no point in being angry because
being angry doesn't solve anything but
what I actually do is I let things
I'll let I let a lot I let anger build
up so something will happen right so in
the last sort of month everything that's
made me angry
I'll have been like I know it's fine
don't really don't worry but I'll have
been building it up if that makes sense
I saw guys let you go out the shower and
mostly all sit out um yeah so am I let
it all I let it all build up inside of
me and then I'm like yeah it's fine on
the surface but it's building up all the
angers building overtime to me and then
literally I'll just pop there'll be one
little thing even how small it is and
it'll push me over the edge and I'll
just go in mate I'll just go absolutely
mental right and last night what
happened was usually the strip my live
streams because I mean me and Toby well
Toby's been in my streams quite a lot
recently so I there's two chairs here
and yeah we were streaming last night
and everything was going fine and then
the viewers who are watching the scream
scream watching the stream requested
that we play a little bit of gmod is it
gmod I think it's gmod so I see and it
usually plays see I've got it I've got
it because I've had it I've had it for
ages and so far okay we'll play it will
play didn't realise how long it took to
download the maps when you were playing
gmod right so as I was downloading the
maps obviously it was taken it was
taking ages but for some reason whenever
I downloaded but never started to
download the map they made the
streamline
right and I didn't know what to do
because the map would halfway down no
didn't know whether to click stop or
whether to carry on so I ended up
clicking stop about half an hour later
but by that time everyone had pretty
much left the stream because it was just
like this the stream wasn't working like
I kept dropping frames it was really
weird because it didn't look like it was
dropping frames on my side what what are
you don't you creepin what you doing
mate what's up and so I don't understand
what was going on and it really
frustrated me and I ended up and getting
Mike getting my ass handed except
obviously I have my Astros on over my
head obviously when I streaming and it
was taking off chucking them at the wall
they still they still work mess it up
all the wall here somebody to repaint
all my wall but yet literally no one no
one is perfect that's the thing like I
come across as some sort of person
that's just like everything's fine I
always look at the positives but
everyone breaks at some point not and I
broke last night and I started putting
stupid I've deleted the tweet but I
started putting stupid tweets out that
you guys didn't even need to see and
it's just one of those things like
that's that's that's how I work like
everyone works in that own way and I
with my anger
build it up inside of me everything's
fine and then I just massive batch go
like rage you're like if one little
thing pushes me over the edge if that
makes sense I just thought I'd let you
guys know what happened last night and
I'm absolutely fine now don't worry I've
got some great news for you guys so we
all know it's Christmas and all these
all these youtubers and stuff they do
the 12 days of Christmas don't know
right I've got a lot of requests to do
that a lot requests to do that on the
main channel but I'm not going to do it
on the main channel because we know I
like to keep my main channel for bigger
videos like videos that are hard to edit
really good editing videos but what I'm
going to do for the next I think it's to
the thing the day is today the start day
for the 12 days of Christmas isn't it I
don't even care I'm going to do it from
now up until Christmas anyway I'm going
to try and vlog on this channel every
single day about my life a lot like
syndicate does you know because he uses
as I I think uses an iPhone to do is
vlogs on Cindy syndicate central and a
lot of people seem to really like them
so if you guys worked for seeing the
vlogs
up until now from now now to Christmas
every single day you guys not me at my
Internet's likes or try my best to get
them up can't promise anything but I'll
try and if you guys really enjoy
them and sharing like light gratings and
all the comments and all the nice
comments and stuff in the comment
section down below you know I might just
carry on and keep doing after Christmas
and keep daily vlogging on this channel
like all day vlogs not just you know I
used to do daily vlogs but I used to
just do like hey guys there's a topic
and I did that topic and then that was
it but I'm gonna like take you guys
through my day and like it's gonna stop
like this right so I've managed to clean
the room up everything's looking back as
it was
right now headsets uncharged behind
there we've got the via webcam as well
as hopefully but the horrible stream
like it hopefully when you know it when
it when it was actually working you
could see me well but yet I've got a
plan for today right and it's going to
be funny I think because this is the
little device right I use to get the 4G
it's got 100 gig of data in here on this
SIM card I think I'm gonna use like 20
gig of it on Street and all that use it
for a stream and I've got another SIM
card as well to use but right this is
this is the book what I was going to do
is get this massive battery pack here
this is a massive twenty thousand
milliamp battery pack and then get a
cable to connect these two together so
this has got a lot of power do you guys
see where I'm going with this you
probably don't just yet haha so there we
go I've got my Wi-Fi with a portable
battery pack inside here and if I open
this window here you might be able to
see you guys give me a second just over
there there's a mast and sent one day so
that trick that tree just there that one
I can get to that and it's like on
public land so I'm going to go and climb
up it tie this to a branch at the top
right and then yeah super Wi-Fi let's do
this
I can't I can't climb trees though gonna
slide you guys in a case real quick just
because if I drop this phone when I open
the tree I will not be happening there
we go check this out look so you quit
back passage on our way down to the tree
which i think is just there there's a
massive cut you can cut through to it
I think it's where's a little cut
through man
hope you can still get to it here we go
this is it voice
is it here she is boys and girls this is
her literally I've got no clue about how
I'm going to do this literally have no
clue I don't think it's even possible
boys I don't think we can alert that we
can even do it you know haha guys you're
not gonna believe it you're not gonna
believe it I'm done a pulley system
right look so I've put a nail in the
tree here right and it's hooked on here
right you take this off you start to let
go this cable what's coming down on the
other side of the tree look wait where
is it where is it where is it yeah it's
the Wi-Fi with it
wait let me try and bring it all the way
down I know we're stuck we're stuck boys
are no single boys we're stuck here we
are look so I've got a weight which is
tied to the Wi-Fi which is tied to a
really big cable that goes up to that
tree and then I can literally pull this
cable here and then really well say the
bad boys
okay okay we're going up this is what
which is what we do right so we get
these all the way to the top okay we're
stuck we stuck some out there we go get
these all the way to the top like that
all the way up and then you just hook
this get this little thing here hook
this onto here like so
oh look at that she's up in tree all
sorted I can't believe it so it's
getting about 15 down and 15 up I think
we're onto a winner here now all I need
to do is get this speed back on my
computer in my live streaming room from
the tree jeez I've just realized this is
quite a long vlog but here we go I'm in
my arrow s station now let me take you
through what I'm doing to actually get
the internet from up in that tree to my
computer so these are arrow SS and I'm
using a nano station loko m2 now this is
the operating system of that little
wireless device I'll show you guys what
it is it
and pretty much what you can do is you
click here and you click select and you
can scan for wireless networks and it
paid find my internet box the SSID is
called out Internet box I just call it
that for don't know why but that is the
box that's in the tree that's the signal
that's giving out put the password in
and if I go back to the main tab as you
can see it's pulling a 52 megabyte
connection to the box in the tree and
we've got a pretty decent signal so this
is what an arrow s is pretty much as the
long cable going out here to this little
box in I'm just I'm just resting it on
on here now I'm going to properly attach
it to this and point it over to the tree
which is think it's this tree just there
but let's do a speed test and see if it
works it goes into a power of Pepa
pelipper power over ethernet and then
connects to my computer so let's see if
we can do this oh my god look at that
30 paying 15 down and 16 up great for
live streaming as you can see look it
says EE Mobile and just put a bit of
blue TAC over my IP address just so you
guys can't see it but the great thing
about this is that if someone does ever
get my IP because you guys know ddossing
happens a lot when you're live streaming
which is where sort of boots you offline
and everyone's but also someone's budem
offline pretty much what you can do is
if I just turn off the little Internet
box and I can do it via the web console
I can do it remotely from this computer
if I just restart the internet boxes up
in the tree it will automatically
generate a brand new IP address which
will be like you know untraceable so
that's absolutely great I'm protected
against ddossing and I've got a great
upload speed to live stream looks I'm
playing one of my youtube videos in
1080p is 60fps right now down on the
bottom corner live streaming it to my
backup account as you can hopefully see
here dropping no frames and then this is
the stream here we go look I look at the
quality of it
that's insane this is on twitch being
like this is I have on twitch right now
no way right we need we need to just go
in here and see what is going on because
it's a mess it's and someone's broken my
life what's going on
there's no bulb in that light I've got
my lights on there's now a fridge that's
illuminated but look there's rubbish
everywhere I need to try and clear this
thing up because I'm actually going to
be bringing back the gaming den because
I wasn't happy with the finished product
of this at this room like it's just not
it's just not like I don't really like
to be in here hence why it's got so like
messy and stuff this was a cool place
like it was kind of cool and it's just
not anymore I need to like clean it all
out get everything sorted and then we
can carry on doing the gaming den on the
main channel because it was a really
cool series and I really enjoyed doing
it right glass of water finished I'm
absolutely knackered I've just finished
cleaning out the garage I'm actually
finding it like so nicely not having any
product in my hair just feels like free
anyway and yes it's dark now I've been
working in the garage cleaning it out
for another sort of 45 minutes but this
is what we've got so far we're pretty
much back to how we were upset I can't
find the light it hit the bulb for that
it's just gone and it was got but anyway
we've got our lights installed here here
in here it really matter we can press
that and the screen will start to come
down slowly but surely that side of the
garage I can't do anything with because
it's got everyone's stuff over there on
my brother's bikes and stuff by June
buggy which I'm trying to sell right now
so if any of you guys want to buy jim
boogie hit me up in the comments section
or on twitter and you can come and pick
it up and stuff so yeah I want to sell
that thing I've got nowhere to ride it
at this house but yeah screens coming
down what I'm going to try and do in the
episode for the P episode episode 4 of
the gaming den as I want to sort out all
these cables and have it so I can plug
in a hdmi cable here and it will go up
to the projector so have like a HDMI
female here so I'm going to plug it
straight in got my computer down there
and the keyboard and mouse and stuff
there
is absolutely awesome and we're gonna
try and source on eBay or somewhere I
don't know where I'm gonna be able to
find one but like a curtain a red
curtain to go behind this screen so it
looks like a lot more like a cinema if
that makes sense and you get more
immersed into the content that you're
watching hopefully that makes makes a
little bit of sense but if anyone knows
where I can actually buy a clear and to
go across there then that would be that
would be really cool but other than that
I think there's anything much more I can
do to this room to carry on the series
if you guys have got any ideas that
aren't too outlandish then band madness
is a garage I can't go painting walls
and plastering it and stuff it's just
way too much work like it's not this
isn't the series isn't about like
painting and plastering this room it's
just more about like making this a cool
environment to like be in if that makes
sense making it really nice so yeah you
guys got any tips then let me know go
back and re-watch episode three and see
if you've got any other tips you could
put forward but yeah other than that I'm
gonna wrap today's vlog up I hope you
guys have enjoyed I feel like I don't
feel like I feel like I'm trying to get
viewers I feel like I've gone back to
like having 100 subscribers or something
like a guy's house already doing because
you know when you bring back a new
series and you're like oh hopefully
hopefully people are gonna like it
hopefully you guys are going to enjoy
these daily vlogs there were the total
blocks of Christmas put it that way and
if you guys really enjoy it I'm Caroline
doing this thing daily on this channel
and then do bigger vlogs on the main
channel like better videos on the main
channel and have like the series is and
all the cool stuff on there but got a
Christmas tree up in the lounge which is
looking all fabulous I put that on my
put that all myself looking pretty
pretty darn snazzy if I do say so myself
anyway yeah I'm going to wrap this thing
up guys long video today but hopefully
you enjoyed it - once you guys have been
awesome I'll see you in my next video
adios
