yo guys what's going on my name is ice
and welcome back to another vlog now
with lots of noise in here and it's been
driving me insane
and I think No hey that's not sorry now
anyway yes welcome to another vlog on
the vlog the blogger T vlog channel we
haven't said that in a while and I just
want to go through a few things because
a lot of stuff's gone on in the last and
I don't know in the last sort of
four-five days I want to say and I think
the last time I did this channel was on
Tuesday it's now Friday so yeah yeah
maybe three at three or four days a lot
of stuff has been going down so a lot of
you guys know if you saw the main vlog
on the main channel where I went to
London absolutely awesome day for the
day with Jack my manager and we managed
to take some Jack my manager we managed
to manage manage manage things we
managed to take some photos of me
wearing the new clothes which is
absolutely awesome we only had this
design with us at the time so we didn't
want to take any photos it was wearing
the designs cuz we didn't have them but
it's just absolutely insane and I just
want to tell you guys why but first I
just wanna say many wallpapers how sick
is that anyway just a mile or not these
bad boys up for me they're absolutely
awesome hunt they yeah so anyway um I
just want to say that a massive thank
you in a massive shout out to all the
people that managed to buy a limited
edition shirt right thank you thank you
we sold out we sold out and I think we
sold out in about seven hours seven
hours we sold out and eat what I
actually did was I actually put the last
ten shirts on what's called a lockdown
so what we did was it had like a
countdown timer for under 24 hours for
the last 10 shirts everyone saw it and
then the people that quickest to order
managed to get the last 10 shirts which
was absolutely awesome and you guys have
just been absolutely smashing it on
social media so I really appreciate it
in all the limited edition shirts all 99
of them have been sold out which is a
massive shame for those that didn't get
them but well into the people that did
but not a lot of people have been saying
you know Alex you know I wonder I wanted
to get sure what's going on man I can't
get a shirt they're all sold out no
they're not only the limited edition one
sold out there's this one this I don't
even have a limited edition shirt myself
they haven't even been made
yeah I think they're going I think
they're being made as I speak right now
and they're gonna get sold out they're
gonna be shipped out on Monday so on the
14th but I don't even have one yet this
is still my favorite shirt this one so
this one is still on sale on the site
this one will not go out of stock like
ever hopefully so this is like my
favorite this is my favorite design the
blue one there's also a glow-in-the-dark
one there's loads of really really cool
designs on there so even if you did get
them in addition one going by like
another one as I say this is my this is
my favorite one out of all of them so
yeah don't say you know no sold out
they're not only the limited issue one
sold out and I'm gonna do some Ultimate
Edition stuff don't worry but it's not
gonna be for a long-ass time so you may
as well go and grab yourself some
designs right now as I say the shops
already been opened I'll drop a link in
the description but yeah so that is that
that all that happened and that's been
like a taking up a lot of my time to set
that open Jack's been absolutely top
star top man they're helping me along
was to doing that together but it's a
it's taking up a lot of time which is
which is great but you know I just wanna
explain to you guys what I've been up to
also I've been filming all day today so
today's Friday I've been filming all day
today for tech flow of recording two
videos one of which is my top-five best
Christmas present so that I'll be up on
tech flow tomorrow tech flows my tech
channel if you don't know about it I'll
drop link in the description and I also
recorded a video for this thing they
probably think this is just your iPhone
what you're doing is smashing against
your skull no this is just an iPhone
right so it's just look this looks like
a normal iPhone doesn't it right but
this is absolutely awesome right check
this out
so I'm just noting there's nothing there
right okay so I'm gonna open I'm gonna
I'm gonna open Safari alright okay we're
gonna open Safari all right this is
insane
well let's just let's just close off
this right so we want to say we want to
search in the search bar right and I'm
holding the phone in my hand and I'm
like oh I can't I can't reach right up
to the top my little fingers aren't big
enough I got some little fingers you
know what watch this instead of doing
that I'm just gonna press in the bottom
corner down here boys okay I said I said
I would obviously Chloe not to wait here
we go pressing the bottom corner down
here three two one oh how sick is that
and now I can start typing in the bar at
the top how awesome is that let me try
it on snapchat let me try and get like a
snapchat
so I can change the camera on snapchat
that's the front camera you can see you
can see you guys there and if I press in
the bottom corner look ding I think it's
cuz I'm not holding the phone right such
a big phone there we go this should work
now I can't I can't press 6 I'm not
holding the phone this phone is way too
big to hold in one hand it's ridiculous
I don't show you guys here we go
drowned out now you ready 3 2 1 the bomb
corner ding switches to come to the back
ding switches the camera to the front
ding switches it to the back so so cool
isn't it so this is actually like a
screen protector I've put on my phone a
bit if you can see it's a glass one and
you can actually if you press the button
in the bottom corner it changes like it
presses what's in the top corner so if I
press this side up there look you see
it'll turn the flash on and on snapshot
turn it off turn it off turn it on say
so cool isn't it how awesome is that the
best iPhone case money can buy and sorry
the best iPhone screen protector money
can buy that is absolutely awesome I'm
so I'm so over the moon with it it's
really cool and at the same time I'm
protecting my phone which is which is
absolutely awesome if you guys know how
stupid and clumsy I am I'm just a I'm
just an idiot about these things so yeah
that's that those are the two main
things that have happened
recording for tech flow and obviously
all the apparel and then well oh yeah
I've had a few thoughts running through
my head recently all the things you said
all the things you said running through
my head pretty much what's been going
down is I want to bring back some some
big videos I've got some big videos
coming for the main channel don't get me
wrong but I just don't want I just don't
want the main channel to go to go like
stale if that makes sense because the
content on their walls from what I can
see maybe I'm reading into it a little
bit too much you guys can let me know I
should prefer you guys to let me know
you guys let me know what you're
thinking at the moment but you know the
content on the main channel there's not
much been going on like you guys love
the the the building the dream gaming
setup building the dream gaming den
all the stuff to do with technology you
guys love that stuff and you go ham on
it and then you know obviously I'm not
gonna be doing that sort of stuff all
the time because I'm like I'm a YouTube
personality like I do videos about my
life most of the time my life revolves
around technology which you guys
absolutely love obviously but you know
sometimes it doesn't and I just don't
want those videos to like be rubbish you
know I mean it's it's really hard what
I'm trying to say but I'm gonna bring
back consume all of the stories I caught
your job for you guys
I'm gonna be bringing back episode well
it's gonna be episode four of the game
in dem we're gonna do this guy's a lot
of people have been saying Alec sheets
put like a curtain around the game and
Dan and do a lot of cool stuff I'm just
gonna do it guys I'm just gonna do what
you guys have told me I'm just gonna be
a bit of good lad and do as I'm told I'm
just gonna do what you guys told me
literally say if you guys have got any
like anything you want to say any series
is maybe you guys what series is if that
makes sense series is yeah if you guys
have got anything you wanna you want to
sort of see then feel free feel free to
let me know don't hesitate to let me
know down in the comment section I'd
really love to hear what you guys are
what you guys are thinking and what you
guys would like to see but yeah other
than that that has been this little vlog
which what to update you guys on a few
little things as to what I put up to and
I hope all you guys are doing alright if
you don't feel free to tweet me and we
can have a chat if you guys want a chat
feel free to you know give me a tweet
and that's that but yeah that's it
there's a lot guys do hit you enjoyed a
like rating would be awesome show your
support and use the comment section
freely and speak to me down there and
I've read every single comment guys read
all the comments as usual I sit here and
read look if you open up my internet
browser on my computer right I you
not I open up my internet browser on my
computer it's open on that screen right
it's loading I haven't touched it it's
loading it opens up youtube.com forward
slash comments it's the first thing that
loads up on my screen so I can see it
soon as that every time I open my
internet browser I can see all my
comments and now it's just the comments
is like I just love to see what you guys
are saying okay cool
so you guys know that now and we're all
up today might as well as you guys have
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video adios how do you stop this thing
wait a minute a conduit one hand there
we go
