right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and it's so sunny
he's literally so sunny what's going
down but anyway guys hopefully all you
guys are doing great and I've got
something really really really cool that
I want to discuss with all of your faces
today now it now it's really cool what
is that what is going on with my hair I
haven't done anything with it I
literally go up like two hours ago I was
in London all day yesterday with my
manager sorting out all of the clothing
stuff so yeah I want to show you guys
give you guys a sneak peek and a heads
up for you guys on the vlog channel as
to the new clothes and I'm gonna do up
some stuff on snapchat because I like I
like to do the people that you know the
people that are actually you know taking
the time to subscribe to my vlog Channel
and the people that have taken the time
to add me on snapchat and if you haven't
got the snapchat it's below and still
from the people on Instagram the people
that you know go those extra steps to
follow me on different platforms I want
you guys have the heads up I want you
guys to be the people to know first what
is going down so I've got some test
shirts down here now I've just literally
finished editing yesterday's vlog as I
said I was in London just finished
editing it so I need to try and impress
you guys have just pressed the end
button to render it out there we go so
cool that vlog is going to be up on my
main channel tomorrow which is great
stuff so you guys can see what I was up
to in London yesterday sorting out all
these clothes but I want to give you
guys a heads up as to what is going down
as you can see I've currently got on a
Mars bar sure now this is the Mars bar
Edition this is called Mars bar Edition
this year this series of with this
logo on right and as you can see this
this is glittery now this wasn't my
decision at all and this isn't going to
be a sure that's gonna be released this
was just a test this was just the guy
that prints off the shirt showing that
he can do different sort of textures so
this is textured glitter I'm not a
massive fan of that by the way it was
just literally showing me what he could
do so this I don't know what sure this
is yeah see this is that this is the
blue one this is the blue glitter one
I'm not we're not I don't think I'm
gonna be doing a chest I'm gonna be
honest with you guys maybe on the girls
shirts I'm not sure about that yet but
I'll let you guys know what's this one
this one is I'm not sure I got so many
of them this is yeah so this is a yellow
one and then this is that's the normal
Spreadshirt one so this is the one from
Spreadshirt so this is the the
difference in the core
teason if you guys can see the quality
of that and then when you look at the
quality of this like look at the Mars
bar it's just so much more vibrant if
the camera can pick the up button here
it just looks like crap and washed out
rows on here it's like really vibrant
which is awesome here you go this is
this is the one to compare it to so
these are the two these are the 2 these
are the two shirts so the actual shirt
quality is a lot nicer so this is that
is the normal Mars but it's a
Spreadshirt one and this is my design
guy that's sorting it all out so there
we go those are the two different as you
can see it's a lot more vibrant on this
one isn't it than this one but the
camera can really pick it up but the
shirt quality is really really nice and
I couldn't be honestly couldn't be
happier with it so hopefully you guys
are going to be really psyched about
that and you probably put my thinking
Alex where's the heads up what am I
getting the heads up for yeah everyone
knows you doing a clothing thing well
okay this is what this is where should
get serious okay so what's going down is
this gonna be a Nelly shirt and I feel
to know what Ellie stands for quick tip
it stands for limited edition so there's
gonna be a limited edition shirt where
all of this the whole like go to the
Mars bar and the lightning strikes are
in gold right which is cool that's cool
I'll but no but no no no no no you don't
just get that right you're gonna get
inside the shirt I'm not sure where it's
gonna be I think it might be on the
label or just just like on maybe on the
arm I'm not sure where it's gonna be
but there's only gonna be 99 of them
available and you've got me thinking why
99 and that's because I'm gonna have one
of them so that means there's 99 left
for you guys to get right so they're
gonna be individually numbered so you'll
get your shirt and you might be I'd know
22 or 76 or whatever you know whoever
gets the first one will be number one
I'm gonna be number 100 okay so that
makes sense yeah so remember autism
first is going to get the limited
edition shirts which is absolutely
awesome and hopefully well I'm not
hopefully definitely all the shirts if
you buy them they will be arriving by
Christmas now if we thinking I where's
the link to the shop it's not out yet
right the shop isn't out yet the shop is
gonna be out on the 10th right the 10th
so on the 8th at the moment on the 10th
at midnight the shop is going to go live
hopefully hopefully there might be a few
issues but hopefully we can get it live
for the 10th right so as soon as it hits
the 10
it's going live you guys can hop onto
the site and get some apparel all
ordered and hopefully you guys don't
break break the website and stuff
because we're getting like our own
website for it and everything it's not
going to be spread because I just
don't like spread like I know one
of the youtubers do stuff it's on
Spreadshirt I'm just like I'm just don't
want that in my life I just don't want a
spread shirt shirt I want like a proper
genuine shirt like these are genuine
shirts the labels these labels are gonna
be ripped out so they will actually have
labels in them the new shirts oh this is
really cool um which I'm sure you guys
do this this one is it that one
that no it's not that one wait wait for
it wait for it guys it's not that one
either like this one I don't know which
one it is I'm gonna take all of them in
wait so here we go that's it let's take
them in this dark room here let me try
and show you guys something I'm not sure
if this is gonna work honestly don't
have a clue this is gonna work on up it
might even be on the shirt that I'm
wearing currently I know it's this one
is this one wait wait guys wait wait
wait wait wait I didn't if you can see
don't if you guys can see can you see oh
you can look that look but mind over it
it's glow-in-the-dark see that's a
normal Mars by one this one here down
there it's glowing in the dark how cool
is that it doesn't really pick it up
very well on the iPhone you can see it
look this one here is a normal one so
that's just like a normal white one
that's a glow-in-the-dark one how cool
is that so what we're gonna do is I'm
gonna try at the Mars bar
glow-in-the-dark edition which is gonna
be really really cool so don't be a
limited edition and if anyone available
to buy the go in the dark one but
hopefully that's gonna be really cool
for you guys and your all your all
psyched for us this is my big news guys
I'm really I'm really happy for it I
managed to get all this sorted with them
with a massive help of Jack who's not
managing all the stuff which is great so
shout out to Jack and yeah so that is
like a heads up of the clothes and what
what's going down which is really
awesome so I hope you guys are psyched
for it and if you've got any design
ideas feel free to throw them down there
in the comment section and I can have a
look and maybe your idea will get chosen
and I vow to try and put it together for
you guys but yeah I just wanted you guys
to be be the first to know and so I hope
you guys had a great day and stuff and
yeah I'm gonna head off now I'm gonna
bring you guys an episode of topic
hopefully on Thurs
so I'll be looking in the comment
section severs you guys got any
questions for the topic series and I'll
bring you guys another video on Thursday
cool right
ok I'm going to try and do videos on
this channel every two days so try to
fry - he says try - I will try to answer
that well yeah cool so that's it my
husband actually guys have been awesome
I need to go so I'm a hex I'm gonna go
to the cinema now and I'll see you in my
next video
