right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome back to another
video on the vlog channel yeah I ready
to apologize i haven't loaded in this
channel for like a week or something i
dunno something I'm really sorry Emily
sorry I'm elated for like a week on this
channel and its really bad I know I'm
really really sorry but I've been
focusing this last few weeks on the main
channel and I'm trying to get my twitch
up and running so before we start this
episode of topic I just want to tell you
guys I stream on twitch like a lot now
I've got my internet sorted so i'm
getting back into streaming and i'm not
i don't put videos out on youtube when i
start streaming because I just think
it's tacky and horrible i'm not gonna
put like a video up saying hey guys i'm
streaming over come on full amount which
just don't want to do that so i just
want you guys to go over there and
follow me on twitch i'll put my link in
the description what you do is you press
the follow button you've got a twitch
account you'll get an email every time i
go live which is a pretty cool and i
also say when i'm going live over on
snapchat so I have my snapchat as well
and the most important one Twitter put
turn my notifications on on Twitter I
don't tweet that often I retweet
probably once a day I added to it like
really inspirational or I'm live on
twitch or new video so you probably best
off following me on Twitter and then
turning on my post notifications so you
get a notification on your phone
whenever I post to Twitter right that's
the out the way cool I've been focusing
on twitch loads which is absolutely
awesome up in live streaming so you guys
now know that you know all my social
medias are in the description as usual
cool everyone is ready and rocking to
get right so I've got a really good
topic today right and it's from this guy
did if you give us 6 i'm actually using
the front camera on my phone are you can
sit look topic giving up now this is a
really really good one dude and thank
you very much for the for the topic of
this video for submitting your topic
well done for getting your entry in as i
say if you guys want to leave your
topics right topic kool on then put your
topic in the description of the video
and i'll read through them and i'll pick
some really interesting ones that i
think all of you guys will be interested
in right so giving up giving up is a
really really like that's what that's
quite a diverse thing to like a topic
like giving up what let's just say i'm
going to shoot
he means giving up like something that
you're trying to do let's take youtube
or a job you're trying to do or
something you're trying to work out and
it's not working out for you and you
feel like you want to give up right
don't write it's so easy to say don't
give up bloody bloody blur don't give up
right so here we go right I'm sat down
right I'm sat down on my chair right I
can carry on doing something right and
do it well it's going to be hard work
because nothing in life is easy that's
the first thing you gotta understand
life of life is not easy and life will
give you right you sat down and you
want to do something right what you can
do is you can carry on doing it you can
battle through all the crap and feel
amazing when it's done right that's
option number one option what the hell
is under my eye I have no Abbott really
hurt what's the cut myself and yeah or
option number two is is to stay sat down
and say I'm not doing this anymore and
stay sat down and get all depressed
because you've got nothing to do like
that's just the most ridiculous thing
ever why would you why would you get
white why ask yourself why like just the
thing is what a lot of people think it's
so simple as well what a lot of people
need to do is ask themselves why like
you just speak to yourself because when
you're when you're deciding something
it's your brain that's deciding
something right and sometimes your brain
can get confused and it can get all
confused and everything could go a
little bit mental and your brain can say
oh this is the most stupid idea ever i'm
just going to give up i don't want to do
this people are hating on me i'm not
getting along with my colleagues bloody
better blah it's not working out your
brain can say about and it can block out
all the positive stuff right sometimes
you sometimes you don't it's easier to
think about mega tits easy to think
about negative stuff it's hard to think
positively you've got to try to do it
right you gotta try and do that right
it's the same as it's the same as like
and the same was like being lazy like
it's easy to do nothing so it's natural
to take that route it's natural to take
that path down like life to do nothing
but if you really really want something
if you really really want something you
won't give up you obviously don't want
the end goal enough like oh let me try
let me try and think about saying that
I'm doing here what am I trying to do
what am I try see I don't really have
any any like any
goals at the moment anything I can sort
of tell you guys like my main goal is to
entertain people on the internet and
from what I can see and help people but
what I can see I'm doing that to my best
the best of my ability I'm gonna swap
hands X this is really hurting then how
can how can do this to do it like I have
to have the blog blog like that is
upside down there we go to do this and
is fine it's fine it's fine it's fine
don't worry yeah so back back on topic
literally topic and yes it's so
obviously when you're doing something
there's always going to be an end goal
because if there's not an end goal
what's the point in doing it right and
if you're gonna give up you're obviously
not ambitious enough to go after that
end goal you obviously don't want that
end goal so if you're trying to save up
for something you're trying to work hard
you want it you're gonna give up saving
up because it's way too expensive or
whatever i'm just trying to set a set at
give an example and it's like way too
hard you obviously don't want it enough
it's clear that obviously you don't you
don't want it enough giving up is a
choice that you personally have just
speak to yourself you know make your
outside voice speak to your inside voice
just talk to yourself talk to yourself
be your own friend and ask yourself why
am i giving up say it out loud why am i
giving up what benefits am I going to
have and what drawbacks is it going to
give it's all about your mind literally
it's all about the mind as far as I can
as far as i can tell anyway yeah i think
i think yeah so it's all literally about
the mind that that's pretty much it like
that just is it all about your mind and
what your mind tells you and as I've
said you need to speak with your outside
voice to your inside voice so sometimes
your mind can go like or crazing start
overthinking don't and also when you're
thinking about the source so if your
best to think about it when you're up in
the morning don't think about stuff in
bed at night because when you're in bed
and you'd SAT there thinking if that's
not you like you need to that's not me
you need to get up in the morning and
that's what you need to make your
decisions because that's when you're
most alert and that's when you'll you
know you'll figure out what the best
plan of action or the POA is that's what
the best plan of action is yeah you guys
got that cool the answer that world
topic giving up I think I answered it
well yeah here is a shout out to splice
II thank you dude for today's episode of
topic your alleged man and if you guys
have got any more questions you want to
ask me or any
Miz talked about in the topic series
then as I say put topic in the
description in the description in the
comments section and yeah that's pretty
much it also i was i was reading a few
comments on this video which i saw like
a really really cool one and i wanna i
want to hear your guys feedback right
Jesus I was quite fall down in this here
we go this guy rubix to said mars bar
gaming good vlogs and important videos
right and then he says marbot mars bar
vlogs daily vlogs and tech flow taking
everything i just don't know what to do
and you don't know i just don't know
what to do like should i do daily vlog
like literally daily vlogs with my phone
on this channel and then on the main
channel do like stuff to do with gaming
setups and stuff because i just don't
know that there's not much stuff i can
do on gaming setups like there's not
much not much diff i can actually do on
gaming setups I suppose I could I could
do like pc build stuff and do build or
some setups and stuff as I assume I
could do that I don't know that I'd be
difficult I've got some thinking to do I
think if you guys want to help me decide
like on the main channel on the Mars bar
channel so I've been doing like vlogs on
the mart on the Mars bar channel mixed
with gaming mixed with like gaming
setups and stuff and all that technology
and I've been like you know vlogs
surrounding technology but should I just
do like daily vlogs on this channel so
vlogs and just vlogs is what I'm doing
on my day-to-day life I don't know I
don't think I've been already boring I
just I don't really do much like just I
just I've got I've got a desk job that's
what I do it's why do I do so yeah other
than that guys always let me know let me
I want you guys to help me out let me
know what you think the best plan of
action is but yeah i'm recording a video
today taking out the drone and with my
friend Maria and we are going to go and
do some location scouting but she wants
to do some photography and she wants to
go and find some cool locations and
stuff so I'm going to go fly the drone
go on to her house now and we're going
to go to chill for a bit and yeah cool
so guys that's it yeah Austin my back
will be running on this channel and you
guys need to let me know what we're
doing yeah awesome ok guys my husband
likes you guys have been awesome I'll
see you in
my next video adios
