calling guys how are y'all doing my name
is of course Alice guys and welcome back
to another daily vlog yesterday as you
know I went round to Grandma's house and
showed her my teacup don't get me wrong
I love just before I was leaving grandma
she tells me that she's put out a
hedgehog house to try and feed the
hedgehogs before hibernation she's
bought this wildlife camera to try and
make sure it's a hedgehog that's eating
the biscuit she's on her way around
right now and I'm gonna see if the
cameras caught anything this is either
gonna be really magical for her always
gonna be disappointing if it hasn't
actually worked and started recording
when it saw motion and and then Gables
the clips that he wanted is awesome but
what's even more similar as my grandma's
reaction I don't think I've ever seen
her that happy that was crazy right
Monday morning Josie
I didn't know you guys could send out
different colored phones if we've
already got a black one or ever finish
the gym session with a call from my
carrier they're sending out a brand new
iPhone X to me it's arriving tomorrow
now that is what you call service and if
you're wondering why watch yesterday's
video my iPhone X the camera it's doing
some weird things
so guys as you can see all over my room
it's just a mess literally everywhere
you look down here over there here here
here there here over here I've even got
gaming gear in the bathroom and this is
stuff I'm giving away by the way go and
watch yesterday's video if you want a
chance to win I'm really not trying to
redeem myself here but there is a reason
as to why the room is such a mess and
the reason as to why the room is such a
mess is because of this video I'm
wanting to sort this out today but
before we do that and need to go to the
shop is called the cat room or many
people may call this room a utility room
but in our house it's called the cat
room because this is where the cats live
sleep and eat but we also have the
washing machine in here next to the
washing machine just over here my Yeezys
now so the other day I put this tweet
out on Twitter and basically yeah I
wrote back from the train station on the
booster board in the easies in the rain
in the snow and these got absolutely
destroyed like I thought I was going to
have to throw these they were black and
these are the white version of the
easiest but I've thrown them in the wash
and I think they're good to go though
you guys and good as new if you own a
pair of Yeezys
you can put them in the wash they're
absolutely fine but only on a low heat
your boy has arrived and Wow it's
surprisingly empty for a 6 p.m. the town
that I live in is a very very very small
town this is the only retail park and
it's usually packed there's no one here
right guys so I have come into Curry's
for one thing that was quick I'm gonna
joke in these are some screen protectors
he ordered a couple of days ago from a
phone they finally arrived you've got
this cool one and then this cool one
actually you know what come to think of
it I don't think I need a smart plug ok
so guys as I've told you today we need
to sort out my setup this is gonna be
this setup needs changing episode number
2 we've got a lot of stuff to do I
thought I was gonna need a smart plug
but the shotgun of them and I've just
had a thought I don't actually need one
I'll show you guys why in a second but
guys let's start fixing this set because
guys as I've always said to you you're
working only it be as good as the
workspace that it's created in so guys
let's do this
sweet now's a few things left that we
need to do that I'm not gonna do right
now the inspire Wan drone is in the boot
of my car but is primarily where it
lives please don't steal my car do you
need to come in bring it from the car
and put the drone up here so then I have
my baby next to its daddy the inspire
one both hanging from the roof charges
installed down there hello looking a lot
tidier this stuff I need to take to the
office more on this now so as I have
been mentioning briefly for a long time
I need to replace these monitors on the
desk now LG I love you these monitors
have been amazing but there's a lot of
people have pointed out Ali this is
meant to be a gaming setup you've
branded this thing online of the
ultimate gaming setup you've done series
is like rebuilding ultimate gaming set
these aren't gaming monitors even though
I don't get much time to game here I
probably do much more work here than
gaming however when I have gamed at this
setup I just turn the game off after
half an hour because I'm not very good
at the game and I'm blaming it on the on
the monitors
that's a 38-inch that is a 38-inch and
so is that one so that's reason number
one the size and reason number two the
response time these aren't gaming
monitors hence why I'm having a bad
experience gaming on but I'm looking for
something with a higher response time
144 Hertz or more a minus 1 millisecond
response time something that is an
ultra-wide something that's curved and
something that is 32 inches or bigger
guys help me please
but there is one thing I need to do to
this so when I'm over here trying to get
some sleep at night and I'm one of those
people that when I'm trying to get sleep
at night I need total silence and total
darkness and as you guys can see it
literally lights up the whole of the
room so instead what I'm gonna do is
unplug this and plug this plug that back
this down the spy unplug this plug in
this plug in this then plug in this and
then put that back into that and then if
we rename monitors to DES and then I
turn off the des sorted now cutting the
power to my powered USB hub all of my
RGB gear then gets turned off and the
best part about that is no matter where
I am I can just say hey Siri turn off
the desk and it turns off all the
monitors and all the peripherals it also
adds a layer of security so my little
brother doesn't go messing about on my
computer mission success and now Isis
today's video has been primarily about
gaming setups now the main reason I've
been thinking about my sense of at home
is primarily because I've been thinking
about the setup in the new house that
doesn't even exist yet and what I want
to do with it and obviously I'm gonna be
taking everything from home so I need to
know that that stuff is gonna work in
the new house now this is what they're
building and I'm either gonna knock down
this wall here and make one long office
or this wall here and make this corner
office now you guys voted for me to do
this one over this will kind of agreeing
but I'm not 100% sure but I think it
will do the long one we have the setup
across this wall and if we do this one
we have the setup here and trust me it's
gonna be amazing I literally can't wait
three months guys three months and we're
in the Conway it's gonna be so fun the
amount of things we can do it's gonna be
unbelievable sweet guys now that is the
setup in its final form before a move
house that is it and it's just gonna
stay like this maybe we'll get some new
monitors but guys we have our iconic
skull up there that represents us then
we have our KRK Rokit vibes on the
stands with the phone pointing right at
the seating position we have our three
LG
38 inch monitors curved around here then
we've got my youtube notepad my unboxing
knife the wireless remote to turn off
the IKEA lamp for doing these videos
Corsair keyboard so of course there are
GB mouse mat with the Corsair Mouse here
this is an awesome combo we've got the
circle keeping an eye on things we've
got the krk 10 now which is a 10 inch
subwoofer and then around here we have
my air pods and then we have the courser
RGB headphone stand with the Corsair
headphones which are Wireless by the way
on top of and then behind the desk is
the Philips hue and this whole thing can
be controlled with my phone
other than the monitors guys I think
we've nailed this thing and that guys is
where I'm going to end today's it setup
vlog so many of you been said Alex do
more vlogs on the setup so there you go
I hope you enjoyed it as I say you guys
let me know what monitor you think I
should get down in the comments below
and as always guys I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog if you missed
yesterday's click here you not subscribe
to click right here zombies anymore
believe them set up let me know too guys
I'll see you in tomorrow's daily vlog
adios
