with him his rights hey guys let's get
our my name's Alex in today I'm
somewhere different you know that you've
never seen this before what's going on I
mean I mean I mean yield Toby's room
look it's great honestly right shoes
they should take a look round few table
around oh he's got am 85 85 agree plasma
where room to room tone 50 if you get a
bit closer or if it's miss out the
castle cooke that that's big crack that
what was that from nice control approach
can't find it can't find it what we got
ya one of those controllers really that
big crack on the wall there how many
times we throw have a nice little tennis
ball little little microphones it a bit
of sir come true so I link his channel
below and his pcs nice piece of kids
gonna smack some merchandise yep
sponsors their response about no miss
about CJ Davis on it today we honestly
on it but razor okay yeah extremes level
son from his mac he's on it guys he's on
it anyway yeah today's them today's vlog
is what its topic tuesday i believe it
is chooser today's no you can't do just
a little bit might help um yeah topic
tuesday today and haven't picked a topic
out of the comment section because i
wanted a main topic and it's not really
like a topic that like it's not like a
topic topic it's just more of like an
information thing a lot of people asking
me Alex where do I get this shit from
that this shirt right here well this is
where you get it from I'm going to put a
link in the top line of the description
do we WWI apart okay you can go there
and buy all sorts of apparel it's got
all information about like all the stuff
that I used to record the videos and
like you guys can like get these get
these type of snap shine like it's now
how we doing the video and but yeah if
you guys want to buy one of these shirts
then you can go ahead and check out the
link in the description now we had a bit
of an issue last time or yesterday
rather like a lot of people was getting
a lot of tweets actually a lot of toys
let me try to show you guys try and show
you guys on it on this way I'm getting
our tweets and people
saying like Alex that's not you that
just isn't you see you dating I don't
think loads like you didn't think it lot
like me and is it sit on it no honestly
a lot of people saying it's not you but
it I don't know I saw you open up from
the parcel the other day so yeah my
wallpaper won't have seen it I didn't
never seen it I'll check after you guys
can't see my wallpapers on my phone and
but anyway yes a lot of people been
asking me where to get the shirts and
what I'm doing with your powell now at
the moment I'm using a thing called
spreadshirt which is like the cheap
scusi way of doing it what I am doing is
I spoken to my youtube manager and he
has said that he has bought me like not
bought me he's like been talking to this
like t-shirt design a guy like he like
Prince the shirts on his own and he can
do them fight seven pound a shirt so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to buy
a lot of shirts and I'm going to do like
this one but like in gold and stuff so
it's going to be a gold version of this
like a limited edition one like 300 them
available or something so like you guys
can buy the limited edition one and then
as soon as they they're all bought
they'll they'll disappear off the face
of the planet but yes this is that the
first design of the new apparel so far
and I'm actually I'm actually kind of
kind of liking it I think it's pretty
cool we've got load of more designs I've
got my designer doing a load more
designs for like the prowl and stuff
from glitter on take this thing
seriously because you guys been asking
for it and obviously all the orders will
be worldwide so wherever you are you'll
be able to like buy the shirts do
whatever you want with them and at the
moment i believe spreadshirt is only
available in the UK and like Europe like
not anywhere else like so you can't buy
the memo you have to like a separate
store for that which is really annoying
but when I do it all myself what i can
do is i can print the shirts for you
guys and I can even like do a little you
know a little handwritten thing that
says like thanks for buying shit and I
put my signature on it and stuff which
would be so cool so yeah that is a
little update for this hopefully you
guys are now hopefully you guys are now
all aware about what what is going on
what we were doing so yeah meet me and
Taylor actually going out tonight I
don't really ever go out that much
so it's going to be it's gonna be good
good to go out into town and I would
really find the time I'm always like
busy working and stuff but yeah other
than that that's been today's video I
had to reload it because it didn't work
at home and so take Toby's got new
internet it's got like the Infinity
shares so hopefully we can get this
thing uploaded now so fast other than
that yes minus metallics you guys have
been awesome i'll see you in my next
video
