yo guys how's everybody doing my name is
alex and look at Matt literally
literally haven't done it literally just
got out of the shower and I've been to
pick up these new bad boys check these
out these things are my new on my new
shoes but other than that I I've got
some stuff to talk about really I've got
some really really cool stuff to talk
about like seriously cool stuff to talk
about this video is going to be a
roundup video because i myself right I'm
going to be I'm going to sit down
because we need to talk about this I
myself have been like legitimately
confused as to what I'm doing with my
life at the moment believe it or not
like I come across as some sort of guy
that knows what he's doing and
everything but like in the last sort of
month I've been trying to sort of get my
life for the next sort of year on track
and put a plan together because my brain
doesn't work without a plan but I've
sort of put two and two together and I
thought I'm sort of said to myself look
sometimes in life you don't have to have
a plan thing easy to just go with the
flight it's good to have a plan don't
get me wrong but sometimes you just need
to go with the flow so this is the plan
that i put together so far this is my
guidelines right so this is what's going
down for well my youtube channels as of
now and the next year so it all started
out just before i started recording the
gaming den series right i did that
series on my channel and then I thought
to myself my main channel mars bar it's
so like it's so diverse like we do so
much different different stuff it's all
like sort of technology related that's
because like i like technology and i
just i love it i think it's absolutely
awesome and but like i've just i've been
i've been really struggling myself as
the person that makes these videos i
have been struggling personally to put
to put a pin in what my channels are
like like and if i can't differentiate
what they are you guys are going to
about to differentiate what they are
what they're about which means it's
going to be like difficult for people to
decide whether they want to subscribe or
not or
you get what I mean because they're like
what I don't really know what I'm
subscribing to the content is is so
diverse but I'll put a plan together
okay I put a plan together now this is
the plan and I think it's awesome so
this is the update video about what is
going on for the next year so let's push
the channels out the way first this is
what's going on with the channels now
nothing major nothing major at all
pretty much it's going back to how it
was about two months ago maybe three
months ago pretty much what we did is if
you guys went around or he didn't know
what happened back like two or three
months ago I did on the main channel two
or three videos a week instead of one
which is what I've been doing at the
moment which is ridiculous and I've been
killing myself because I've been only
doing one video and I don't know why but
I used to do three videos a week on the
channel and they used to be called video
logs and what we did is we do a vlog
vlog but we wouldn't fly it will be more
like an elaborate really well shut
really well for out vlog like we would
like wouldn't just be like me holding a
camera and chat and like we'd go
out and do stuff and we'd like I'd try
my best to like capture it and like try
and like do the best camera work I can
because you guys know I love like doing
stuff with cameras and things like that
so that's what's going to be happening
on the main channel there's going to be
video logs and i'm not sure if i'm going
to call them video logs and probably
cannot load them as videos with the
title of something that happens in the
video but they're going to be really
cool and I hopefully hopefully you guys
are going to enjoy them i'm going to
incorporating the drone going out with
friends and doing vlogs on the main
channel and taking you guys everywhere
that i go and i'm trying i'm going to
try and upload them at channel two or
three times a week some really really
cool vlogs and then you probably
thinking well what you going to do on
this channel what you going to go on
this channel this channel right it's
going to be a channel for me to come and
talk to you guys about updates and ting
like this so what we're going to do is I
can come on here and if I've got
something on my mind we got us guys can
come here and we can we can discuss it
and I'm also going to carry on doing the
topic series on Tuesdays and
thursday's every tuesday and thursday
i'm going to take a topic which you guys
leave in the comment section down below
and we'll do that over on this channel
so this channel now has a sort of
purpose we can talk about topics and i
can give you guys my best advice and on
this channel so that's what's going on
in this channel so we've got the main
channel which is going to be really well
shot well thought out vlogs three times
a week we've got this channel which is
going to be sort of it's going to be
like me coming and talking to you guys
about stuff if I've got something on my
mind and I'm going to answer your guys
questions in the in the in the topic
series every tuesdays and thursdays if
you've got a topic put it in the
description and put topic and then a
colon and then your topic and you might
get picked and then obviously tech flow
my other channel which is now its own
business in itself that is tech flow
review we review technology and give you
our honest opinions of it and we don't
get paid to do it we like give you guys
honest opinions like there's so many
YouTube channels here in the UK like I'm
not going to name anything so don't want
to cause any beef but especially the UK
I'm talking about some of the big
technology Charles in the UK get paid to
say things about products we won't text
flow not to be like that we want tech
foot to get products and and give you
guys our honest opinions on the products
we've just obviously moved oh my god
there's Lego on the floor we've just
moved to 4k on there so we're really
trying to push tech flows as much as as
we can and we're trying to build like a
separate audience over there so that is
that so that's that that's that's the
three channels really that is it I don't
think I can explain it any better than
sort of any any better than that I think
that's a pretty valid explanation and
not nothing's really changed that much
although all I'm pretty much doing is
changing up the vlog channel little bit
and telling you guys what's going to be
on here and doing more videos on the
main channel so yeah that's it that's
pretty much it i think i think that's it
yeah thanks it but I said that is it
that's it I've done it I've done it
right so now if I ever get confused I
can come back to this video and remind
myself of what I'm meant to be doing
with my YouTube channels and yeah update
video complete I'm happy
out that we have now have a uniform a
uniform ting as to what we're doing on
these channels cool I'm happy with it
guys I'm really ready oh yeah and also
forgot to mention twitch.tv for / mr.
Mars bar I'm trying to stream on Twitch
a lot more been doing a few black ops
dreams recently on friday evenings so if
you guys want to jump along on a friday
evening follow my twitch i'll put a link
in the description and what we do on
twitch if you don't know is every friday
at like around nine p.m. UK time I try
and live stream games to twitch TV so
I'm live you guys can see me you guys
and see what I'm playing and it's good
from it's really good fun honestly so if
you guys want to join that on Friday
nights I usually tweet out when I'm
streaming sometimes I don't do it on
Fridays sometimes they do on a different
day so they'll tweet out when I'm
streaming so make sure you follow me on
Twitter both than that yeah that's it
yeah cool so I hope all of you guys have
had a great day my husband honest you
guys have been awesome and i'll see you
in my next video adios guys bah
