yo guys how is everybody doing my name
is alex and welcome back to another vlog
now right some weird stuff has happened
right some r Elliott some really
annoying some really cool stuff just a
little update via pretty much right
what's going down right so you guys know
I did the video on the tech channel
about the best bluetooth speaker right
and I absolutely ripped up the UE boom
to right I said it's like the best
all-around speaker it can go in water
it's absolutely fine I did the water
test with it it was working afterwards
and I told you guys that you know it can
take a beating look at her now she's on
the radiator surrounded by rice I think
you guys know I think you guys know what
has happened yet so some water or
something must have got into the ports
when I was doing the water test and and
she's she's broken she's broken and I
can't just send her back because I did
get the unit free I went to an event i
went to the launch event i got invited
to the launch event for the UE boom and
they were giving in them away free for
the people that went so that was my
review unit that I got so I can't you
see no send it back it's just one of
those like annoying things really so I'm
hoping that the rice will sorta couches
on the radiator raid it is all nice and
warm so hoping that yes I'm hoping that
that will that will that will be all
sore that should hopefully that should
hopefully that should sort it out
secondly I'm going to drop L gatos link
in the description to their Twitter and
you guys can drop them a follow because
they're actually starting to post some
of the photos that I've taken for them
on their Twitter so if you guys see
anything you know to do with like you
might see some of my like set up in the
background you'll obviously know that I
took the photo so that's just another
little update thing update number three
is that I finally got where is it issues
I finally got some more attachments for
this for the for the 4k recording rig so
I've got a well I've got this little
little thing here which attaches the rig
to the top of the camera so you can hold
it as one unit I've got some other
batteries which I've got a battery there
and I've got one over there so I'm
charged so i bought some new batteries
bought a new charger i also bought a 500
512 gigabyte SSD for the back of it so
we can you know record like I think that
lets me record like two hours of 4k and
then I bought this little adapter here
which lets me plug the SSD into USB so
that's all cool but I bought this new
lens right I'm wanting to make the tech
channel awesome I really AM I'm putting
a lot of money into it i'm investing to
it i bought this this lens right here
right this one the sony vario f there
something 16 to 35 millimeter f/4 lens
one of the best lenses you can get for a
sony camera pretty much and paper not
paypal amazon is saying the payment
method needs to be revised as if they
haven't received the money so wrong my
bank up today and I was like what's
going on my bank are telling me that you
know they have sent the money I'm not
going to saying they haven't received
the money so my money is just like in
thin air it's just disappeared so I'm
gonna have two straight chase help
tomorrow this it they can't do anything
sits obviously Sunday today they're
going to have to chase it up tomorrow so
I'm gonna give them a call back tomorrow
and hopefully we can get that lens
sorted out and then I've pretty much got
an all-round 4k shooting rig the reason
I want that lens is because it has auto
photo focus on it so i can just whack it
on there and i can hold the camera
recording 4k hopefully everything from
then on will be fine but okay that's
that mulatto everyone done with let's
get on to the topic of this blog now by
and by any means this isn't this isn't
an episode of topic like my topic is on
tuesdays and thursdays this is sunday
obviously I just wanted to talk about
something because I get a lot of
questions about this certain thing and
this certain thing is Alex can we see
some examples of your work now I've been
working like my client workers I'm
saying like what your client work like
your photography your you know your
video work that you do for like real
world clients your job pretty much and
recently I've been working that hard
with YouTube my phone doesn't stop going
off to sit I've been working that hard
with YouTube recently that I just
haven't had time to get my website up
and finished it still hasn't been
finished and I just haven't had time
ready to do any client work but the most
recent bit of work I've done is for a
company called shadow foam now this is
what shadow firm is I've got some more
boxes of it through there which I'm
going to kit out at the whole
all of my camera gear with but
essentially this is what it is so you
get like these pieces of foam and they
send you this please pieces of foam and
what you do is it send you like a little
knife and what you do is all you pretty
much do here is you just cut out little
bits in the phone like that if you can
see there and then you can just put
everything in and then you can easily
see if something is missing and it keeps
everything safe I've got all my SD card
stood up in little slots there so you
just slop them in a little hole so my
lenses my a 7s goes just there nathan is
currently down there all my other
cameras g7x an old pentax point and
shoot my canon 650 they've all got their
own little little slots inside the
shadow phone now I did the video for
their company I've did a video for them
they're currently on Kickstarter and
what I wanted to do is if you guys
wanted to do that go over to their
Kickstarter right now i'll put a link in
the description you guys can watch the
video on the kickstarter which is a
video i made so you guys can see you
know a real example of some client work
and if you're wanting to buy some of
this some of this phone if you want to
buy some I think the like you can get it
for like fifteen fifteen quid or
something on there is the cheapest one
and they send you like a nice nice big
sheet of foam and you can and you can go
ahead and call you call your stuff
output with peak put Xbox controllers in
camera gear what I did down here was I
got this little this was really cool i
bought some Matt bought some foam
eyeshadow for myself and I bought some
and then I put it into this little case
here so then what i can do is when i go
travel in it's got a place to put my
camera a place to put my lens and then
i'm going to what my new lens comes i'm
going to cut it out there and I've got a
nice little carry case to put the put my
lenses in when I go when I'm going
traveling so nothing so nothing breaks
and everything is nice and secure so
there you go that's an example of my
client work you guys will be able to see
it on their website and also if you're
interested and you want to do that
shadow phone thing and cut out your own
stuff then feel free to to invest in
some they've got this religious
obviously because they're trying to
build up the company that on Kickstarter
at the moment they will the prices are
cheaper than usual so if you're gonna
grab some grab some now and yeah other
than that I'll drop a link to it in the
description so you guys can check out
the sort of standard of work that I do
but other than that that is pretty much
it
back to normal now as terms as YouTube
as far as YouTube concerned anyway this
week starting so tomorrow's Monday I'm
going to be taking the drone out and
we're going to going back to vlog in and
just doing some awesome awesome cool
awesome call awesome cool videos guys so
I'm looking forward to it i hope you
guys are too and yeah let's roll on
let's roll on with this YouTube thing
and we're approaching Christmas it's
coming really fast and oh my god I mean
to my presents and stuff so yes and also
if you guys into my giveaway but give
we're going right now with for a GT
Omega chair and are trying to up
learning to that in the description as
well I've got so many links to drop I'm
going to forget but yeah hopefully
everyone is okay if you're not feel free
to drop me a tweet let me know and we
can have a chat but anyway yes my name
is Noah lecture guys have been awesome
and i'll see you in my next video house
