yo guys how is it wondering my name is
Alex and welcome back to a vlog alright
so we've got some stuff to talk about
today is the day today is black ops
black ops 3 Eve today mental this thing
has come around so fast and i'm debating
right this is what i'm going to do when
advanced warfare came out I actually
couldn't drive so what we did is we live
streamed and I biked to games game in
Newark and I picked it up do you guys
remember that if you guys were here if
you were then let me know the comments
because that was a long time ago but I
thought I'll do was live stream me
picking up the game tonight over on
twitch and then coming back and just
play in it but then again I appreciate
that like you guys have got school and
stuff so don't know how many of you will
be here but let me know if you would
like that with a comment down below
actually not I'm going to do I'm going
to comment down below right see my
common and if you would stay up and
watch it tonight if i was to livestream
me going and getting black ops at
midnight tonight and then streaming it
till the early hours in the morning drop
a like on that comment and if you were
if you if you would watch that just just
so i can know because i want to i really
want to do it i really do want to do it
and but i was there just what I just
want to make sure you guys would would
enjoy that so yeah let me know and I've
obviously obviously I'll obviously do
that but the biggest thing of whites
talk to you guys today was I'm actually
come currently transferring right now
beloved a berth 5057 gig left there was
120 gig of 4k files with we've moved to
4k we've made the switch so if you got
you guys know tech flow obviously the
tech channel yeah if you don't they'll
be a link in the description but we do
like tech videos and we're currently
doing the ashtray speaker versus the
bows no that's the UE boom that was
really cool and the bows is uncharged in
there so we're doing a comparison
between those three today and we
currently have got the cell up here so
this is sort of like a behind-the-scenes
got like a light there look like that
but we need to upgrade our lighting
because it's crap Mike there and here is
obviously the
a 7 s Jed's doing some more audio
monitoring and here's the new ears the
new atomists ninja assassin which if we
turn this on and all the cameras already
on then is it going to turn on it's not
gonna let's give it a let's give it a
whirl honor the SSDs no no wait what
I'll show you could turn it on with that
this estate in it are you sure you
reckon you messing me about me can you
turn it on with that letters dear maybe
you can't sit honor you can turn it on
there you guys have to hold it for a
long long ass time so pretty much what
this is doing is it's taking a fork a
signal from the a7s that there's no
input there we go and there we go so
that is the that is the thing from from
the camera this records it all in for
Kane you can monitor it and it does all
you your audio levels and things like
that so it's in it's all touch screen
and you can you can sort of zoom in now
these things these things love these
things aren't cheap but we really wanted
to make the switch to 4k just so you
guys have the best experience when when
watching the video so all that the
static videos where the cameras static
will be all now shot in 4k records to an
SSD so you put an SSD inside of here and
then that's how you get those insane
transfer speeds right now so I'm just
transferring them over all the clips
we've got today and yeah the video today
should be our first video in 4k on tech
flow so that should be absolutely
awesome it's a monumental ting as a
monument there's a monumental thing
we're gonna move in forming in 1080p and
now everyone's movements 4k so we
thought now we've got I've got to make
the switch we've got it we've got to be
like everybody else so yes that is that
and I just watched it obviously just as
a little a video to tell you guys tell
you guys that and we've had a little bit
of an issue as well because when you buy
it it doesn't actually come with a
charger which is great so you have to
actually plug it into the mains when
you're using it which is a massive ball
ache because we've been filming outside
today yeah and we've had to have like an
extension cable coming out to the screen
like the guys claim you say the screen
and because it comes with a battery like
but they don't give you charger so it's
like so you've got I've got a bar on
those just one of those inconvenient
giving convenient things um but yeah
other than that
thats that's it that's the update video
you guys want to stream tonight and
revoke a pretty much it trying to think
no that's it sick right my files are
almost finished transferring so I'm
going to sort this sort this out just
going to get it edited we're gonna try
and get it up for tonight for you guys
and say oh that hopefully all of you
guys have had a great day and as I've
said let me know feel free to dream
black up tonight and I'll see you a
in a strip joint maybe hall tomorrow
okay arias
