rawhide so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and I thought I'd bring the
people on this channel you all some
people that subscribe to mars bar vlogs
thought bring you to a sneak peek inside
of the gaming den I've got a topic today
we're going to bring topic back this
series where I talk about a certain
topic in the reason is because i saw
this topic and i thought Jesus are about
being getting this a lot I've been
getting this a lot recently and and I
just want to just want to address it and
give some of my best advice on on the
situation so but foot but first what I
thought I'd do is give you guys a sneak
preview sneak preview of what we've got
going on in the gaming den and the sneak
preview of tomorrow's video so what
we've got going on is I've installed the
other light over this sides and I've got
two lights the gaming PC is on unhooked
up this is my old gaming pc hooked up to
the projector up there I built the
racing simulator so you'll see me
building that in tomorrow's video we've
got two other GTA mega chairs and I'm
also giving away a GT Omega chair in
tomorrow's video to say thank you for
almost 300,000 subscribers in the main
channel I'm just for just for being
downright awesome people that you are so
yes thank you for all also publish you
just tweaked out about five minutes ago
saying thanks for the support because it
really just really just does mean a lot
but I've been getting I've been played a
bit a bit of trials trials fusion while
I'm waiting for some other racing games
to download um but yeah I've been
getting this a lot i'm going to sit down
in it in this picture for a second
and we can have a bit of a chat guys
because um I've been getting this a lot
been getting a lot of people say to me
right Alex Alex how are you or how do
you deal with negativity how do you deal
with hate and how do you deal with
bullies and well I can I suppose I can
like tell you guys like my my my sort of
ways of dealing with this now talk
talking about bullies I am 18 years of
age and I know I don't look it will come
on to that a bit later but I'm 18 so I
haven't been to school in a long time
and
for my recollection the only time that
is ever really a bully is when you're at
school and the only the only way to get
rid of a bully is to either bully them
back or just totally ignore them if you
bully them back you need to know that
you're going to win and you're going to
have better things to say to them than
they are to you and if you're not going
to bully them and just and just totally
and the other way to do it is totally
ignore them so just literally don't see
anything back there they'll try again
and then give it a few more days and
they'll they won't do it anymore because
they won't get a reaction what they want
is to get a reaction out of you they
want you to be upset they want you to be
angry and I don't know why I don't
really know why people people people
want to go out their way to make other
people upset and angry to get a
reactions kind of sad really however
yeah just don't react to it and then
hopefully they won't do it again they
won't do it again hopefully so that's
not my best advice for bullies and yeah
other than that what's the other one
like content creators and stuff if
you're tryna if you're trying to this is
a thing right this is what this is what
I've learned right if you are someone
who is a creative person so you are
creative you create things so that might
be lets say a photographer a graphics
artist a video content creator like
myself if you create something and you
do it online and you're proud of that
there's people that are going to come to
you and say I don't like your work and
the reason the reason is right the
reason why people do that it is because
when you're creative there's no right or
wrong answer you got together in your
head there's no right or wrong answer
you can make a video about something and
there's no right or wrong way to make a
video there's no right or wrong that
cuts right or wrong there's no right or
wrong way to do that that's all it's
totally personal preference but the
thing is with YouTube is that you put
like a video out or something and say if
someone doesn't like it they will hate
and this is where this is where hate has
come in to the equation now how do you
deal with hey so say if you've done some
work online
and someone is hating in the comment
section I can't I can say if you have
not the hate that I get what do I get
I'm just twiddling this little thing
around what do I get I get apparently I
look like a monkey apparently apparently
everything i buy comes out of dad's
wallet or something apparently a
commonly think of it at the moment I've
got I've got like my videos a I've
got that I'm going to be unsuccessful
and and to be fair like that that's sort
of hate that I get I find hilarious
because number one I hate in general
someone is coming to your video they've
spent their own time right they've come
onto your video and they haven't liked
it any normal person right in normal
person if you've gone to a video right
any normal person if they don't like the
video that you know they watch 30
seconds I think our this isn't very good
they click off it but no do you not hate
does what they do is to go down and
their waste even more of the time they
waste even more of the time they go into
the comments section and they write all
this guy looks like a oh my god
oh and then they may be proceeded to
leave a dislike rating or whoever yeah
so but like the normal person would just
like click off it if I don't like a
YouTube video i'm watching and I think
someone's been a dickhead I don't go in
the comments and start typing are you at
your dick ma berber berber just leave
like literally just leave literally just
leave that i was showing i was showing
someone the other day my spam section
because my comments on my youtube on my
computer when i open up a web browser on
my comment section like my comments tab
on youtube is the first thing that opens
and they whoever was on my computer they
clicked on the spam tab which is like
where YouTube filter a lot of spam
hateful comments and they saw like all
this that like gets filtered
through all of my videos and they were
just like Jesus Christ people are so
strange I why why do they do it and why
did I do it like I've got a friend got a
friend called Ryan Franklin and we we
always skype a lot and he did he does
YouTube as well and he's always saying
because he's a ginger guy and he's
always saying to me that how much Haiti
gets for being like ginger and stuff and
we just laugh about it the thing is the
people the thing they don't understand
is that when people write hate they that
they trying to give themselves a boost
but in return they're not because number
one
they give me and people content creators
something to laugh about and they're
just sad lonely little people and that's
the way it will be if someone hates what
you are doing it's because they're below
you in society they are below you no
one's going to say if someone was above
me in society say if it was safe it was
I don't know Lord Sugar or bloody Bill
Gates the owner of the owner of
Microsoft or you know Tim Cook the owner
of Apple they're not going to hate on
anyone below them are they because you
just don't hate on people that are below
you if I see if I go on to a YouTube
channel that doesn't have as many subs
as mine and I say are your video I just
wouldn't do it you know I mean like you
only hate on someone if you physically
know and feel that they're above you and
better than you that is the only reason
someone someone would hate on you it's
the only reason like literally any
reason so yeah that's how I deal with it
and I hope I've answered a lot of your
guys questions and that's just like what
goes through my head went on the sort of
reading shitty comments luckily I don't
get that many of them the only like
comments I get a lot of like on or
videos rather is the ones that went
viral so ones that end up going on
youtubes homepage when people log on
there the video is going to get a lot of
hate because obviously people that click
on those videos aren't subscribed to me
they don't know what I'm about they
don't know what I do so they see me
they're spray paint in my swegway and
they think it's a ship video because
they like this is just crap but what
they don't understand is that that video
was planned out and thought for my
actual audience and my audience actually
enjoyed it but it wasn't for them but
somehow YouTube put a lot of my videos
on the YouTube homepage at the moment
which is absolutely awesome but it also
brings in a lot of like negativity which
is a shame really like the last episode
of the den which is the series I'm doing
at the moment the last episode of the
den was got on YouTube homepage for
three hours yesterday evening and it got
about like 500 comments of which 150 of
those comments I think were like really
horrible like towards me like they were
like oh you're such a why are you
doing this is a she ate
 this is and that was Lisa just
because it worked on YouTube homepage
and a load of people that don't know
what I'm about came onto the video and
yeah that's just like two tunas the
trick of the trade is what people would
say um so yeah just like rise above it
like and that is it like no one's going
to hate on you unless they're below you
so just remove it and move on and laugh
about it because it's just hilarious
that someone spent that time to do that
like if you think about it every YouTube
video every every like youtuber who's
got like quite a lot of subscribers
always has dislikes on their videos
right even within the first five minutes
of uploading think about it right
someone has subscribed to their YouTube
channel to purposely when they upload a
video come on it and dislike it how much
of a waste of time is that they could be
doing something so much more productive
but they just don't have the brainpower
to do it that's it that's really it so
yeah hopefully you guys enjoyed enjoyed
that and you enjoyed this little sneak
preview of the den and what's going on
in tomorrow's in tomorrow's video giving
away a GTO make a chair for one of you
lucky subscribers tomorrow as well so
yeah hopefully you guys I'm just trying
to give back to you guys because you
guys are just absolutely insane and
everything just means everything
everything means everything to me all
you guys just mean the absolute world to
me and that we can do these sort of
things together it's absolutely awesome
and they're just love you guys for that
and we can make absolutely awesome
videos and that's the way it's gonna
stay ok cool so guys my husband likes
you guys have been awesome that's two
days in a row we've logged and let's
make it three tomorrow ok yeah cool I'll
see you guys tomorrow yeah
