yo guys what's going on my name is Alex
and welcome back to another vlog on mars
bar vlogs it's been a while it's been
off the reason why I'm doing this is
because you guys reminded me I put a
foot on Instagram earlier and I saw a
comment it was Alex where's that where's
the vlog where the hell is is the vlog
so I thought what I do is I do one and
just update you guys because I did one
the other day on Friday which was three
days ago I did a vlog at alton towers
which was absolutely awesome i went on
towels with a few old friends that I
hadn't seen in probably about four years
so we all met up they came around here
and then we drove 12 hours which is a
great day out and I tweeted out like two
hours before i went and i managed to
meet like five five six of you guys
there which was absolutely insane I
don't say thank you guys for coming up
to me I just like in the queue this
little boys will I you must I was like
oh my god my mates my friends were like
what the hell this is this dude this is
crazy so um yeah that was absolutely
awesome so if you're watching this and I
met you there hope you had a great day
and from adults that wasn't all tell us
I'm not saying I hate you didn't have a
great day but I hope you everyone had a
great day so I've logged while I was
there right and I thought what I'm gonna
do is upload it when I leave but I just
totally forgot I just totally forgot so
I've got my vlogging phone back now so
this is a phone that we can vlog on
hopefully the quality is a little bit
better than my other phone and I'll try
not blow these in 1080p but what I
thought I'd do is in this little vlog
we've had a few issues really I'm going
to be honest with you guys we've had a
few issues now if you follow me on
Twitter you'll know what happened but it
went down it all went down so the last
few days mental thing has happened right
let me try to explain what went down so
first off a lot of you guys know you
follow me on twitter if you don't the
nickel be in the description but yeah my
snapshot got hacked yeah the marzi snaps
snapchat which is the main one for the
updates for all of you guys got hacked
and I couldn't like change the password
and it was like really funny because the
guy that hacked it
was like trying to message me on twitter
and i ended up dming him and playing
like 20 questions with him it was really
funny he was asking me like what was my
favorite job or something like that so I
was just like I want to be a wheelie bin
man and then he ended up like being an
absolute G just giving giving me the
password back and then like two days
later my apple ID got hacked and someone
that was so funny because I knew exactly
what they were going to do what I did
was I someone got into my apple ID and
our iphones if you don't have iphones
i'll try to explain it to you but pretty
much what people can do is if they get
your Apple ID they can log on to your
iCloud they can see everything so they
can see all your contacts I can see like
the locations of your devices and also
what they can do is they can do what's
called a remote wipe right but me being
the technology whiz I am I just I
realized what they were gonna do and I
look down at my phone and it said the
apple symbol came on as if it was just
like so this is my normal phone here
this one and I was literally just it was
about half one in the morning so I
assumed he thought I might have been
asleep but obviously I wasn't so they
hacked into my apple ID and my phone
flashed up saying your Apple ID password
has been changed so I'm incidentally
like what the hell is going on I've
obviously been like hacked again because
two days earlier must snap chat about
hacksaw fuck shit I'm getting hacked the
first thing I did was ring up my bank
and cancel my put up side i think cancel
my card i put a block on my car because
i thought was acne i don't want to have
access to like download anything on
itunes or anything and like drain my
bank account so room my bank account but
took like two minutes and i was like yo
my shits going down can you just like
block my account for like a day and
they're like yeah sure so that was fine
and then I look down at my phone and the
apple symbol was on and I thought shit
the fuck is reset my phone is because
obviously on the apple thing you can go
onto your phone as if you've lost it and
you can like remote wipe it you get what
i mean so what he did was he logged onto
my iCloud or whoever it was the actor
and attempted to remote wipe this phone
and this phone because they're both on
the same Apple ID and but I know that if
you put the phony dfu mode so you hold
that and that at the same time so you
hold your home button and you lock but
at the same time it canceled
the remote wipe say what whoever did it
actually didn't do it actually you know
II tried to wipe my phone Bobby sir stop
them somewhere absolute legend and then
yeah what else happened and then I was
like how can I get my account back so
what I did was I message the guy that
had my snapchat because I assumed it was
him that was doing it so I messaged it
when I was like look stop it otherwise
I'm gonna have to get shit shit's gonna
get real because I'm not this isn't just
funny anymore the snapchat yeah funny
enough but like trying to hack into my
apple ID that's just a bit fucking too
far and so and then he managed to like
he said to me that he didn't hack it he
said someone else hacked it but he
managed to get it back so he like gave
me the email address and password for my
apple ID which was changed and he knew
what it was so I don't I don't know I
don't know I don't know what the hell
what the hell what the hell is going on
with it I don't I don't really know but
whoever's had what I've gone down has
gone down and like literally literally I
don't ever want this to happen again so
what I've done is I've literally and you
guys should all do this too right number
one what you should do is like turn on
that two-step verification thing I know
I've heard a few people say it doesn't
really help but just turn it on anyway
because why the fuck not and also have a
different password for everything
because the way the way the snapchat got
hacks I'm trying to inform you guys the
way the snap my snapchat got hacked was
because I use the same password for my
snapchat as I did on my xsplit account
that exploits what you'd use when you
live streaming pretty much and pretty
much a database of all passwords and
email addresses for xsplit and got
removed this is xsplit if you didn't
know my xsplit comes probably have to
haven't even attempted to look I'm a
explicar but this is xsplit when it when
it manages to open there you go that's
xsplit broadcaster it's what you use to
that's what you used to stream with to
like twitch and YouTube and it loaded
like databases got released of loads of
people's email addresses and passwords
and I use the same password for that
xsplit as I did on my snapchat so that's
how they got that it's not not it's not
like a difficult thing for people to do
it's not like they went to lengths to
try and to try and hack it and the other
hack is security questions
what they do is they go on to the thing
and they put in your security questions
and if they saw obviously for me because
they watch my youtube videos over there
no like a lot about me like my cat's
name where i live like maybe the road i
live on maybe my blood my friend's name
so the light reset the security
questions and then it lets them reset
the password so another tip would be to
do which is what i've done as well it's
heavy security questions like choose
like normal ones choose like what is
your best friend or like choose ladno
watch your pet's name or ever but put
something like totally random i just put
like a Ledge I've written it all down
like I'm on a piece of paper so I
remember them all but just put like a
load of gibberish I've done this for
everything so like it's like what's your
pet's name and then just put just put
like nipple Slayer 23,000 and the local
load of numbers and a load of random
letters and there's no way like there's
no way like if it got had to be like
holy shit these guys are absolutely
absolutely on it but you know that's it
that's it you know yeah you get hacked
and you've gotta laugh about it so I
find it quite funny actually and all you
guys on Twitter loving it as well so
yeah that's pretty much what's happened
let's have a look guys while we're here
I feel like I took my GoPro to all
cowards I wanted to do a video oh my god
for the main channel but I don't know if
the lot I didn't get many clips at all
there's like hardly any let's see what
is this one what's this mapping ok
you literally cut hey look it's me well
my god wait listen oh nice this heathen
fly the must be bad ones is that this is
towards the end of the night you see so
it got like really dark let's see if
this one's any better yeah this one
looks a bit better oh that's me on the
car go in there trying to get clips for
you guys though had it on the outside of
the car let's see what about this one
what's that now that I won't even know I
is what's this one so no that's not
that's not a either that's at mackeys
what's this one you know what I don't
even think my GoPro recorded elf eclipse
what's this oh that was a scary one this
is the one you want this is it here we
go this is the one hey one these clips
are just like not even real I don't
understand what
what is this one I think this is doing
the gauge really fast haha that's quite
funny actually anyway yeah so I don't
think I'm gonna have to do a video for
our towers because those clips are just
absolutely awful I'm not not gonna do a
video on the main channel about me going
to want hours when you can't even see
what's going on um but yeah hope you
guys had a good halloween i was out for
Halloween last night which is mental
fucking are going off nine minutes Jesus
Christ this is like a periscope in it
and yeah Halloween was good last night
you guys go out I hope all you guys went
out as well cuz I had it had a great
time I'm very drunk and I'm still a
little bit hungover today so yeah and
also part 3 should be coming out this
week but yeah other than that that's an
update video over and out with really
that's what's happened and yeah yeah
that's it really I'll uh probably well I
do need to start doing this daily blog
thing again will it start back up topics
if you guys want to drop some topics
down in the description down in the
comments then feel free to do so but
yeah that's just me rumbling on I will
probably see you guys tomorrow in
another video ok yeah yeah yeah yes Alex
yet we'll see you tomorrow now we won't
because you should to take you should
you don't blog fucking shit you say
you're gonna fucking do a blogger to
every day and you don't fucking do it
might well I will ok swear down so i'll
see you guys soon bye oh that was sick
on it
