ah ladies and gentlemen we are back on
the vlog channel it's good it's good to
be back it's good to be back and yeah it
is it really is a good to be back
uploaded like to date three dates for
four days but maybe three four days ago
I think I don't know I don't know when I
last uploaded how many of doing like
daily videos on this channel it's not
that I can't do them it's just I'm so
been so god damn busy like race recently
like so so so so so so so god damn busy
Ben do like loads of different projects
for different companies been working
with some farmers today actually which
is really quite interesting and they
wanted like some sort of draw my gothic
got my xbox it's like hanging off the
edge holy get an xbox get in turn
off the reason is that is because I
didn't have it in the garage in the
gaming den but what is bring it back up
here for secret reason which you can't
tell you guys just yet anyway um yeah
I've been working with some farmers
today the one today was really cool i've
been using the inspire one down there
the drone and i've been going around
this farm is fart like fields and flying
like round all the farmers on the
combine harvesters and stuff while the
farming and they want like I think they
want like a two minute sort of video
like those are drone shots of the
combine harvester and what they do and
shots to them in the warehouse doing
what they do and stop just for just for
their website and stuff so I've been
doing that today super super super busy
as per usual room is an absolute tip at
the moment but we got the trusty old
swegway right here good luck I'm gonna
get I'm gonna get heart I'm gonna get on
it just got I've just got back from from
seeing from seeing the scene of
grandparents oh my god I stuck this
swegway right it's been through so much
why it's so battered he is absolutely
battered what the why is it telling
me to rotate anyway yeah also the other
reason why I haven't been vlogging right
this is the real reason why I'm in
vlogging is because i have a sigh of a
phone right which is my work phone at do
all my work stuff on it this is my
personal phone right now this is an
iphone if you guys are interested this
is an iphone 6 plus just the 6 plus not
the success i bought i went and bought
an iphone 6 plus to have as a work phone
because I work with a lot of external
clients and I wanted to keep all that
separate a more personal life
I had my youtube capture app on the on
the work phone so I did all my vlogs on
this channel off the work phone now I
don't have youtube capture on here so
I've downloaded it just to do this video
I'm probably going to go and pick up the
phone tomorrow the reason why I don't
have it it's because it got faulty like
this touch screen stopped working
luckily it was still under like the
30-day guarantee thing so I took it back
to the shop they've repaired it for me I
think it's going to give me a brand new
one actually but they needed to take it
away and sort of inspect it just didn't
know make sure I haven't damaged it
which I hadn't had a case on it about
this but this mad ting on it what is it
wait I'm trying to swing around I've had
this I've had this man ting on it this
this this battery case thing because the
guy for the battery on the six compared
to the six plus is like nowhere near as
good and I'm used to the battery on this
phone so I bought that wall they sent me
that actually what company is it i think
is speaking believe it's speaking and
yeah so and then I realized that I
wanted to record today I know I in
uploaded it yesterday about what to also
record today episode 3 of the gaming
debt because I'm really really getting
into it Bobby snails really busy number
one had to go and do this video for
these farmers number two it turns out
the GT Omega half the stuff isn't there
or the racing simulator like only the
seat portion is and there was meant to
be other boxes so I hit the mob hit
Jamaica I was like yo I've got a good
friend that works for GT Omega what does
some stupid GT mega he talks to GT Omega
for me his name is Liam he goes by the
alias of casual UK you guys might have
seen his videos he's absolutely awesome
guys help me out with so much stuff I
honestly can't thank him enough the
amount of stuff he's done for me in the
past he is an absolute G and I respect
everything everything that he does and
the decisions he made because he's just
an absolute legend and helps me out with
all this stuff um but yeah yeah I don't
I don't have it I don't have half of the
stuff for the chair so I couldn't do
that and then this is a really casual
vlog isn't it i'm just trying to update
you guys and what's been going down and
another than that yeah I'm just like
super-busy super super busy man got
boxes and stuff everywhere and cameras
and xboxes and microphones and just
august off of my desk it turns out today
as well there's four hours left I think
Bob tumblr there's gonna be three to
four hours
left of my swag way giveaway so you guys
need to go and enter it up trying drop a
link in the description um it's got like
almost two hundred thousand entries
which is absolutely insane i think
that's got more than actually i'm not
sure but make sure you can't go into the
swedberg it brokes is ending really
really soon and what else have a lot to
report on i believe that is it that is
the cheeky update video done i think
that's it travel lot Ramses anything
else I haven't told you guys and no
there isn't oh yeah also Mars media or
mart yeah why is it forgot my own
company name holy it's marz Media
Limited is now a registered company so
like that is like a legit company like
it's taxable so like Mars media and all
my teacher channels are all under a
company so religiously untouchable now
like no one can touches isn't this is
all insanity so yeah that's it I think
that's it I think that's all the
information that I can tell you guys I
think that's it I think I say I blitz
just got back from seeing the
grandparents and just thought I'd knit
round see see how they are doing see how
they're kicking about and they're fine
so yeah Oh than that that's been today's
blog i'm going to go pick up the
blogging phone tomorrow so there'll be
more vlogs and like daily hopefully when
I get that phone back so hopefully
tomorrow onwards so other than that yeah
update video i might do these like once
a month just to like stand here and give
you guys loads of information about what
i'm doing and what's going on and what
you guys can expect and what I'm doing
yeah yeah yeah yeah okay cool guys I
will catch up with you guys tomorrow
hopefully actually no tomorrow I'm
really busy I need to go and pick up the
phone so I'll definitely see you guys on
Friday if not if you look L see you
tomorrow yeah hopefully all you guys are
enjoying your half terms if you were on
the half terms and yeah I'll see you
guys very shortly
