yo guys what's going on my name is Alex
and welcome back to another vlog we're
kicking off today's daily vlog on the
vlog channel yeah yeah we're doing David
things but in these things daily now and
everything's everything's cool so far my
internet has been like keeping up with
itself and me and I've been able to
upload yesterday's video and hopefully i
can upload today's video as well but
what to drop in to take eyes and tell
you what i've been doing because it's
pretty pretty friggin cool but first i
want to show you guys my pussy boss boss
like what the fuck is to be paid part
blind so we can't see anything it's
really sad but yeah Barbra first thing
these videos now I'm going to try not
load them in 1080p instead of 720p super
better quality so let me know in the
comment section anyway this is this is
what's going down in here so this is my
garage well what's that phrase that that
guy does here in here in my garage here
in my garage is American here in my
garage anyway here in my garage I've got
no cars at all I've got a big-ass
projector thingy screen and a projector
which have put up today and videoed it
all so we're in here now watching to
cheek a bit of drastic part right now
playing off my laptop but these are my
plans guys these are the future plans
for the new series so I know a lot of
you guys have seen my ultimate setup
series a lot of you guys came from me i
love you guys found me from what it's
the first episodes got like 700,000
views or something totally ridiculous
and i've seen people saying like alex
can you do something similar to that we
really enjoyed it really enjoyed having
a serious look forward to to come back
to with different episodes bloody by
blob so I thought what can I do and I
was pondering on this for a while right
and it came across to me that there was
a pub being sold in Newark it big on
boss they couldn't you know they'd have
to keep putting money into it to keep
this pub running they were running out
of money so the owners just decided to
close it down so I went to them I knew
the owners quite well and I said to them
look can I give you 500 quid in
imparting notes like 500 quid in note so
it's
on tax deductible 400-pounder notes can
I go into your pub take out your
projector your screen projector screen
and all the speakers and stuff that
you've got in the pubs obviously
speakers it pops up speakers to play
music for when people are eating the
dinner or ever so I did and they said
yes so I managed to take the this 1080
1080p projector tip that like 1080p some
projections are like 500 pound alone
managed to take this projector this
carpet these speakers down here and ever
turn the light on here this sonos thing
this logitech z-5500 surround sound
system and that's pretty much what I
took really I think actually no I took
some other speakers and stuff over there
oh I also took a CCTV system which I'm
going to sell so pretty much what I'm
trying to say is that I gave them five
hundred pounds and I probably took out
about 4,000 pounds worth of stuff so I'm
going to sell most of it but I thought
right I'm going to make a project with
most of it so I found this projector
obviously got the projector got the
screen got the surround sound I'm going
to sell everything else but I'm going to
keep this carpet in here pretty much
what i'm gonna do is create the ultimate
gaming den not room den this is gonna be
a den to come out and chill and watch
films and and and play games and stuff
on a big screen like this is a this is
the big screen right now if I stand here
I'd be on camera I'll be in camouflage
mode you kind of seem a lot you can't
literally can't see me but yes so this
is these are my plans right I've teamed
up with logitech thanks to cows you UK a
fucking love guy casual you know casual
UK you guys know casual UK I'll try and
drop his channel down in the description
or Liam bigs as you might know me as a
technology guy here on the youtubes and
he's managed to hook me up with a GT
Omega racing simulator so that's one of
those things that you put you know you
put the still out as my steering wheel
impression you put the steering wheel on
it you sit down you like a cockpit and
you have your shifters so you can change
go and you have all your pedals and
stuff is giving me one of those it's got
GT Omega to hook me up with one of those
he's hooked me up man is such a legend
so I'm going to sit one of those here
and if you know we want to complain
racing games we've got a massive screen
here this is like 100 inches I've got a
racing simulators come and sit down in
and play our racing games I'm going
the surround sound up which I haven't
done yet I've only recorded episode 1
today so that was this bit like putting
the screen and the projector Ops is
gonna be surround sound and then GT
Omega are also hooking me up with to
normal evo pro chairs so if we come on a
place and call the duty and we don't
wanna have the racing cockpit we've got
two normal chairs to come and have like
a split-screen gaming session on the big
screen and also you can just come in
here and Netflix and chill if you want
to or whatever we're watching a bit of
justly part right now just to test it
out quality is really really cool um so
yeah this is the new series building the
ultimate den and I thought it was a bit
different a little bit edgy and
hopefully you guys enjoy it with the
whole budget of 500 pounds 500 pounds
we're gonna make a game in debt it's
gonna be sick so yeah hopefully you guys
are looking forward to that I'm happy
with this so far looking cool isn't it
what I want to get a bit of a bigger
screen though because this projector
like it's got a ring on it and if you
twist the ring it makes it go bigger
that's actually the smallest screen it
can produce so if you twist the ring it
can go a lot bigger so what I want to do
is get like a really wide projector
screen like a really wide ones if I can
pick one up on ebay for like 20 quid or
something like a secondhand one and this
picture will be even bigger like it'll
be like surround so that's the plans and
I hopefully you guys if you guys are
looking for three and then drop drop a
library in this video and let me know in
the comment section say say what can you
say if you're looking forward to it and
still watching right now hype up the
gaming den put that in the comments
section and yeah hopefully you guys
enjoyed this little video lo vlog ative
logon the bloggy blog channel my eyes
Blahniks you guys have been awesome
gonna get this thing uploaded now and
come a flash mode I'll see you guys in
my next video Oh what else
