yo guys what's going on my name is Alex
and we've got some issues some issues
have arisen today which we need to sort
out so as you guys know I was at the ksi
 side man thing all weekend it
was an absolute blast it was insane
hopefully guys it's in the video on the
main channel which quite awesomely I
believe it was ksi and miniman to tweet
it out my video live tweeted it out and
I was like literally I pulled that face
anyway
bar that I was at the event all weekend
and my actual main mic these are the
issues that happened right my main
vlogging camera this one this is the
camera well it's not just my main
vlogging camera this is the camera that
I actually like do work with so like you
guys know my promotional videos and
stuff this is the camera I do it with
and it just so happens to be my vlogging
camera as well pretty much what happened
someone knocked out of my hand right and
as you can said it if you can see here
but the viewfinder is all mangled up so
if I take this thing off it's all like
smashed to pieces the viewfinder and
pretty much what happens is usually when
you put the camera up to your eye it's
meant to switch to the viewfinder but
that mechanism broke so it meant this
note went to sense when you're close to
the camera so it can change it to the
viewfinder and that mechanism broke but
as so did the viewfinder so the V
finders broken the mechanism that
detects your face being close to the
viewfinder broke but the issue was it
was the actual screen on on the camera
was set to be through the viewfinder so
it was like constantly through the
viewfinder but the viewfinder didn't
work so I couldn't go into the menus to
change it back to the actual to come on
to the screen because I couldn't see
anything I couldn't see the menus I like
this I couldn't see it cuz the
viewfinder a broken so what managed to
do when I got home was plug it into my
TV via an HDMI cable and the menus came
up on the TV and then I could change
everything and reset the camera so it
works it works but obviously I can't you
can never use the viewfinder again which
is annoying but I never used it anyway
so it's like it's like mad you know I
mean like it's not a major issue so yeah
a lot of people said why was the video
so sure that's why the camera broke and
that selects from
for that second thing second this one
it's not an issue actually here we go
let me show you guys so I'm just courtly
downloading on the Xbox Gears of War
Ultimate Edition now I used to be back
in the day I used to be a Gears of War
fan me and my dad used to sit down and
we played through the Gears of War the
Gears of War Room campaign together on
split screen min this is my dad I'm
talking about we sat and played the
Gears of War I think that obviously that
the campaign thing I was about ten at
this point this is when the Xbox 360
came out and Gears of War was my first
ever game that I ever ever played on an
Xbox 360 which I got for Christmas ages
ago
and Gears of War was the first ever game
I ever you know got into online and I
remember getting into a game online and
I was like wait wait am I actually
online these are other people and I was
like on the mic it like a little squeaky
kid shut the up so yeah it's gonna
be a lot of really cool playing Gears of
War on next gen just to see you know all
the quality of Grey's boda boda blah
also getting fifa I'm trying to get my
streaming game back on so I know a lot
of you watched my live streaming
building the PC went down really well
hopefully it didn't like too much
because my Internet's been sorted out
now so yes we're gonna get streaming
again doing some games and stuff down in
those games but this is the issue right
this is the issue
I saw a few comments and they was like
you guys were like Alex you've made this
beautiful beast just just look you've
made it and you're storing it away in a
stupid like cupboard thing they're like
if I had that PC it will be on my desk
and I'm like well number one I thought
I've room for it number two it just has
to go in here there's nowhere else for
it to go so what I need to do is we need
to sort something out today so pretty
much my first issue right is the
graphics card right you see the graphics
card just here right all my old my
monitors are HDMI or DVI but what I've
done today is I've bought some HDMI to
DisplayPort adapters so I need to get
all my screens working so as you can see
on here I've only managed I've managed
to plug one in and hit one in with HDMI
and one in on TV I need to get this one
plugged in so I've ordered these they've
come
pretty quick so let's get inside here
I'm gonna use my use my foot here so no
I'm not there we go there we go it's
gonna be a long-ass video but we've got
cables and stuff so let's let's get
these cables all unwrapped to unwrap to
unwrap the cables and also what I need
to do is yeah and it's sort of this mess
of cables I put this like bracket thing
here so the computers risen up cuz
obviously I know I want it I don't want
on the floor I want to be able to see it
and one thing we're doing is getting
this piece of wood here I'm thinking
this is the right size to go in this gap
right here looks about the right size
isn't it there and what I'm gonna do is
put that piece of wood on this bracket
that I've made and the computer can sit
there and I'm gonna get rid of all these
cables and stuff and hide them behind
and it's just gonna be like the computer
just sat there on a nice thing just
there so then hopefully you guys can't
mad at me and say that why are you
putting it in at least it's gonna be all
or not just on the floor it's gonna be
on its own little desk in here and it's
gonna look sexy I'll put some LEDs
behind it and stuff and hopefully it
looks sick so we're gonna do that today
we're already five minutes into this
video so let's do it
but this is just like pretty much a
perfect example of why I say don't use
cable ties because whenever you want to
come change anything you've got to
 come in with the snippers and
it's just not what you want use some of
these things you see these things that
you put around the cables here and twist
ties use these things the focus man
just focus man what you you know what
you know what camera I give up mate I
just give up right so a little bit
sweaty but quick word of notice for you
guys if you're ever doing anything with
your setup or anything right you've
bought new cables you want to put your
cables in before you go ahead right and
put everything in its place put your
cables in or do you change it to
yourself before you go ahead and put
like put it all back in its place put
all your cable ties around and wrap all
the cables up just plug in the
necessities supposed to plug in your
keyboard plug in your power up plug in
in my case my monitors which is the
cables that I've that I've changed here
to display port plug them all in right
and let's just go in here just to check
to make sure that they're all working
all right
which yes they are and we expect them to
but what if you've gone and you've made
everything look all perfect you cable
he's doing cables you put twist ties
around all your cables and then it turns
out one of your cables you've bought is
dodgy it can happen and then it's just a
massive borlik to go and undo everything
again so just if you ever making any
changes just like plug everything in
make sure it all worked this thing's a
tip right now but make sure it all works
and then go ahead and start managing all
your cables and stuff right I've
literally like just got a text my
clients saying he needs needs like this
promotion already that I'm doing for him
done by tonight so we need to get this
thing fixed up as fast as possible but
this is the bench that I've got so far
turns out I've taken the piece of wood
off from a bet low power mode go away
looks like it is not the right size but
it should still look pretty cool let's
just give it a nice wipe down if we put
the computer on there it should look
pretty cool let's let you make sure we
give it a go there we go look at that
that looks really that looks really
freaky cause it looks like when you
first come into the room
it's just sat on there like an absolute
boss and I think that's pretty cool we
should sort out the wires now and stuff
luckily MSI sent me out a load of these
bad things so what we can do is put
these four up all the cables up in these
and make it look all snazzy so I'll do
that now and what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna undertake all of these like I've
got a few packs but I just want the red
ones because I want to go with the red
red theme so on all the cable wraps to
be red so let's do this right
so all that's left to do is cable manage
in here and put all the screens back
where they were yeah but all the screens
are working through DisplayPort which
I'm really happy about what you can hear
is actually Gears of War it's on he's
download 40% of it right now so I'm
gonna wait for that to finish it I'm
actually gonna stay playing guys of all
night this thing this takes me Batman
gears was like my first ever game that
ever played and Wow
like the noise just like takes about but
anyway check this out you're not gonna
believe this right you ready you ready
oh oh oh look we've created something
absolutely epic like you can't even the
campus camera over exposes let me turn
the camera around
right see see if its back cameras any
better at doing this yeah that's a
little bit better that's a little bit
better so what you can see is I actually
had some LED strips inside the computer
you can see one of them is kind of up
there shadowing down onto the RAM what
I've actually done is if you look at the
back here behind the computer they've
actually I'm just I'm just pulled the
cable out the side and you stuck it onto
the back of the case so now it creates
this really cool glowing effect behind
the computer it doesn't look as like
white is that it's not like as like the
camera just makes it look all wrong and
horrible but you get the point like this
is like you guys are like look come on
Alex put the computer somewhere like so
you can actually see it I mean this is
pretty freakin cool in a darkroom you
come in and you see it like levitating
just here all clean or cable managed
look I've got red red things for all the
cables got the good old hd60
Pro there yeah better gaming so I'm
gonna get some Xbox streaming action
going on but yeah it looks and that can
absolute beast and I can't believe it so
yeah I hope you guys have enjoyed
today's vlog yeah I've enjoyed doing
this and I've enjoyed I would usually
just do this by myself
but I'd love to bring you guys along and
I thought you know why not why not I
need to make some play to get this blog
channel back up and going again need to
quit doing some some more videos and
stuff so yeah hope everyone is doing
okay and if you're not make sure you hit
me up on Twitter as I say that but at
the moment my Twitter DM s not dm's just
my general Twitter it's going absolutely
mental because I'm doing this gleam
giveaway for the swag way giving away a
swag way if you guys don't know check my
main channel out if you didn't know
about that and literally all my mentions
are I've entered a giveaway I've entered
the giveaway I've entered the giveaway
it's like every 30 seconds so it makes
it really hard to actually see tweets
but trust me guys III am looking
honestly so yeah - Mike's you guys have
been awesome I'll see you in my next
video adios guys wow
