yeah whoo guys what is going down what
sort of intro is that she's should we
just do it she would go right so hey
guys what's going on my name is Alex and
yes welcome back to welcome back to the
daily vlog I'm just gonna say it welcome
back to the daily vlog my tea probably
thinking Alex right why would you see a
man going up some bloody ladders what's
all that about and that right I've got
I've got something but I know I've got
some explaining to do right I've got
I've got some explaining to do and I'm
gonna do that right now so the reason I
included that clip of those that man
going up the ladders pretty much that
was yesterday in the daytime it's now
nighttime okay it's now nighttime and
Friday and I'm gonna upload this
straightaway right it's now nighttime
and Friday yesterday I had the people
round to my house to try and fix the
internet right they saw a big stick they
honestly saw that live honestly sort of
fixed it my upload speed is about 6 Meg
now but it really it fluctuates loads
and it's still not as good as it could
be but it's about 6 Meg and that means I
can live stream and that means I can
carry on doing daily vlogs because I've
now got internet to upload the reason I
stopped doing the daily vlogs is because
I was uploading the vlog on my 4G
connection but it was costing me a load
of money to do it because obviously I
won't upload 1080p videos I've got 20
gigabytes of internet on my phone plan
and I just kept using it all up and then
I kept buying more and I just thought I
just can't keep keep on like this so the
guys came around yesterday fixed me
Internet so I'm gonna try and upload
these videos daily now and hopefully we
can do it we can get back to the daily
vlog so it's but it's been a while it's
been a while yesterday night I did a
livestream to test everything out I've
got a lot to say so so I'm speaking fast
I did a live stream to test everything
out and we live stream to twitch TV and
it went down alright
we built my new computer which is in
here here it is then if you can do
anything about see that very well but
here she is there shoes I'm gonna do a
video on her on her very soon but she's
she's absolutely beautiful beautiful and
I'm also right now in about 20
from recording this I'm going live on
pimp my setup which is Matt Felicio he's
currently invited to be on I've been on
it before so it's gonna be an absolute
privilege to go on again can't wait so
that's going live in 20 minutes and real
bummer
all my Brady cables arrived the rest of
them have arrived so if you from the
livestream you know Alex where where's
all your braided cables they arrived
today so after the livestream tonight
I'm gonna have to rip my PC apart again
my beautiful PC and and and you know and
put put all the braided cables in so I
know a lot of people are gonna be asking
about the specs right so let's let's
make this video about the specs of the
new PC here she is so pretty much we've
got let me let me let me try and flip
the camera around here let me let me
flip the camera around so here she is
hopefully this is looking a little bit
better so under here under the H 100 I
Corsair cooler water cooling system
which is keeping the CPU at about 31
degrees idle which is great we've got a
core i7 4 gigahertz 6700 K which is the
new skylake processor which is
absolutely awesome this thing absolutely
flies I didn't think that it was gonna
get any better than my last computer but
this just absolutely flies in my last
computer we had 8 gigs of RAM in this
we've got 16 gigs of ram last computer's
ddr3 this is ddr4 so it's a massive
massive upgrade in the last computer I
don't even know what GPU I had I think
it was a 780ti last one was a 780ti now
we've got a 980ti so this is a 980ti
from msi again if this wants to even
focus why won't you just focus son there
we go
980ti it's not even a focus man what's
going on I'm going to put the lights on
980ti in here with 6 gigs of ram ram
inside of this badger so it's a lot a
lot of RAM inside of this obviously
gddr5 inside of this and then right
there
we've got the forge and 80 gigabyte SSD
SanDisk it was the cheapest drive so
that's what I bought and then just there
we've got two two hard drives we've got
a 1.5 terabyte green and a 2 terabyte
green for all of my beautiful beautiful
footage so that is that is the computer
as it stands at the moment now I'm gonna
be doing as like a separate video on
this on the on the main channel and I've
got a new series coming up as well which
I'm gonna be doing on the main channel
where I'm gonna be converting my garage
into a den with a hundred inch screen
projector a racing simulator and putting
a load of crap in there like old game
and stuff and a massive surround sound
and you guys hopefully you guys gonna
really enjoy that hopefully you guys
gonna really really enjoy that but yeah
I just want to say a massive thank you
again for 250,000 subscribers I've just
Jesus that's that is just insane guys
just insane I can't I can't thank you
enough it's gonna be it's gonna be a big
journey ahead of us guys but we're gonna
do this we're going dude it's more
 we're gonna do it we're all gonna
do it and yes that is pretty much it
vlogs are back new computers bill you
guys have got the specs we're doing a
new project on the main channel another
three part series converting the garage
into like a gaming den I believe that is
it I'm also um put myself yeah surprise
it guys that is it we're back on the
vlogs if this thing is uploaded then
hopefully hopefully it's not gonna take
me too long on my internet it's not
gonna be a dickhead hopefully we can get
this thing up but yes guys if you
excited for the daily vlogs coming back
and make sure you drop a like rating
guys I'd really appreciate that and
again guys thank you so much for all the
other support you guys are comment your
comments are absolutely awesome guys I
love you so much and yes Karen being
awesome guys hope you guys are having or
had wait what are we on today sarday
hope you guys are looking forward to a
good weekend then I'm in London tomorrow
going to meet actually no I'm not I'm
not gonna smile that was a lie I'm going
to them that I was Sunday going to meet
some friends in London so that was
that's gonna be cool I'm probably gonna
vlog all of that and other than that
that is it - but Alex you guys have been
awesome
and I'll see you in my next video which
will be tomorrow hopefully adios Wow
