good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is of course Alex guys and welcome
welcome to a Sunday chill vlog now as
you know my grandma hates the rap on my
car and he's been living for rock this
is now what my car looks like you all
obviously know though today I'm gonna go
round and show my car so she can see it
for the first time in real life oh she's
gonna hate it she's gonna absolutely
right I'm here I'm a grandma just a
preface of the day I got this car
wrapped I facetimed her and she just
said it was awful yo she what you wanna
say then say yeah you absolutely hated
it before it looks very sporty but you
said you hated it well it's a strong
word it's very nobody but you wouldn't
would you
I just did it for something to do
because it just thought it'd be cool
don't get me wrong I love I think the
car before was better yes of course
we're gonna get it taken off not for
ages but I preferred as it was before as
well but I do think it's cool
my mouth thank you for saying that you
actually like my car you've cheered me
up a bit you're looking at it again
aren't you guys can you see that look at
that just a little bit of like orange on
the camera blocks are purple in real
life of it that looks awesome the sunset
is wicked
so guys just arrived into the office
this afternoon I'm gonna be coming back
a little bit later here with my brother
to do some streaming but let me preface
this by saying I'm switching to Android
earlier Betsy or Bertie one of my two
cats killed a bird and I should probably
tell that looks like some pretty good
phone footage until I looked a little
bit closer and saw my phone camera doing
some weird things now I gather people
tell me not to complain about apples
this isn't a complaint I'm just telling
you guys the facts so this is my iPhone
X it's worn a case and a screen
protector all of its life I've never
dropped it it's not scratched everything
is absolutely immaculate on this thing
this is like my little baby start
filming a video for you guys on my
iPhone X right so I'm going to click
record now right so as you can see the
iPhone X everything seems to be working
fine if I tilt that way it's fine if I
tilt that way it's fine if I tilt down
it's fine but get this watch this the
moment I tilt the phone upwards right
and listen as well right three two one
did you see that tilt the phone up what
is it doing stop till up stop till up as
soon as the phone is still everything is
fine look till earth stop and it's fine
tilt left and right fine tilt a little
what is going on with this thing even
does it on the second on the zoomed in
camera as well
left and right fine I said let me just
get a microfiber cloth so as you guys
can see the phone is absolutely
immaculate not even a scratch to be seen
nothing on the sides nothing on the
sides even the front of the phone
there's nothing yeah
doesn't like it that is so weird my five
best locations of Christmas lights in
our house first no snow second an
obvious one other question I put all of
these up so comment below which one is
the best yeah did you actually do all of
them bro did you actually no I did that
one
hey bro I want to ask you a question
do you want right now to come to the
office with me and livestream
yeah some minecraft you know this
but remember it's live on the internet
so you can't say anything bad
not that you would because you're
usually good out here yeah sure as it
shows your tooth is it still really bad
uh-huh that's awful - drinking your beer
out with that - yeah you want a gun live
stream you understand what it is like we
will be live on the internet so whatever
you say your day yeah you get it you're
it yeah let's do it
play candy paint county paint my post
balloon from Sandy Bay with the white on
top
they're both dozer
so as you guys know yesterday I came to
the office of Jacob
we sat here to be looking after when we
play minecraft and I really enjoyed it
Jacob you enjoyed it in here so I said
the checkup yesterday do you want to
come back tomorrow night and stream it
live on Twitch I've explained to my
streaming is you call with an onion you
think it's really good so I don't have a
streaming computer
right Jacob tell them what we're doing
we're playing minecraft what else are we
doing with this we're live-streaming
we've got the chat for now
you've got your controller I've got mine
and then the screens up there right what
we're gonna do is we're gonna show
everybody on stream right now what the
crack is are you ready for it I think
it's working but but it's like hey vlog
yes oh my god blog hey hey hey oh my god
the chats get meddled well ready to
enjoy that we went live on Twitch it was
awesome we're doing it again
yeah sweet why will it get back your
bedtime right then guys Jacob all in bed
I for once have actually ran a little
bit about my monitor actually works in
here feel like I want to watch a movie
in the bath
I haven't chilled out in in like so long
and I've really enjoyed chilling out
with Jacob and live shooting itself in
oh the nor my Apple device is pretty
king everything else seems to be going
well what my internet company is doing
well I'm owning really good money
through that and the vlog is doing well
YouTube is in a really bad place at the
moment but my channel hasn't really
seemed to have that much of a of a hit
or anything at all generally over the
whole scope of YouTube views have
dropped down my novel a little bit but
not as much as other people's and I
haven't been hit with the ad pocalypse
like pretty much like 99% of my videos
get the green okay and I don't get like
the yellow and monetize thing but
everything seems to be going well and
I'm just really happy and I hope that
shows through the videos so guys I'm
gonna use my magic remote to brighten
the end shots a table at this vlog oh oh
is that too is that too white for you
how about this then is that yeah how
about that now it's getting sexual guys
if you enjoyed today's vlog and please
drop it a lot reading it would really
really really help me out and drop a
comment down below letting me know what
your favorite part of it was and if you
missed yesterday's vlog you can watch
that here if you're not subscribed guys
you can click here to do that but as
always I will see you in tomorrow's
daily vlog Monday morning brand new week
let's all smash it guys
ah do
