right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome back to another
daily vlog we're doing this where
hopefully the internet works tonight and
I can get this thing uploaded be yes
guys welcome back to a another vlog now
but a really really good one for you
today now on the vlog Channel we've been
doing this persona of self-improvement
life improvement trying to improve our
life trying to think positively and have
a good mindset about things and I have
this really really really cool idea
right I was thinking how can I visualize
my goals because we did it we did it we
did a topic yesterday the big topic
yesterday was about time management and
getting things done and what I said to
you guys was guys write down a list
right and I was thinking okay that's
actually quite cool writing down the
list is actually like a really cool idea
so what don't today guys is well today
up into wilkinson's to pick up some
spray paint because I'm doing a video on
the main channel about spray painting my
hoverboard so I thought if I get to will
kisses why did I try and see if they've
got a whiteboard so what I can do is I
can stick the whiteboard up in my room
which I have done is just there I've got
to talk about it in a second and I
couldn't uh can write down my goals on
it so this is it the whiteboard is up
it's on the wall I've only put it up put
it always like some sticky back stuff so
it's any light should stay that and it
came with it came with a pen but you
know I've got two different colored pens
because different colors draw your
attention and that is the whole point
with this board right I was thinking
about it I was thinking if you're gonna
write a list of things you need to do or
you know a list to be product to you
know boost your productivity to remind
you to do things to get things done you
want to be able to see it you might be
able to always see so this room at the
moment has about at the moment anyway is
my office I work here for clients I had
it I had it video here for clients I
edit video here for YouTube I made
websites here for clients I script here
for clients I do everything in here I
shoot here for tech flow in in this room
for tech flow like it's the step tech
close to
at the moment we're currently in the
process of buying some office space and
getting moved in but everything's in
here right so we're we're not better
place to put this board than right here
so I wake up here pretty much every
morning bar I like weekends when I stay
at other people's houses I wake up here
and the first thing you do when you wake
up in the morning is you go to the
bathroom clean yourself up get yourself
ready have a shower go to the toilet Det
wash your face buddy buddy blah what I'm
saying is you know I walk down this
little corridor all the time right and
obviously a whiteboards not the best
looking thing like it's not like a
really nice iconic thing that you want
to put like right above your bed sort of
thing if you guys get what I mean say
like from here you can't see it and it
looks pretty nice but you know as you
come around here you have this you have
to physically walk through here to be
able to see it so it's right there and I
can see it from a bed when I wake up in
the morning and what I'm gonna do is
here you go I'll give you guys a little
bit of a demo here so this is just gonna
be for demonstration purposes or when I
sort of split this whiteboard up so I
want to this I'm just gonna draw this on
here for now so if you guys want to do
it as well then you can right I just
want to have I want to have a thing I'm
gonna split it up this is just as it
obviously just for an example here so
I'll just put a cross board up just just
to simulate me splitting the whiteboard
up I want to have a bit on the board
about about like self appearance
so like appear in such as right
appearance here and in that in this
section I want to have things that I
need to remember to do like remember to
be positive remember to you know do you
guys get what I mean like remember to be
positive remember to just smile remember
remember to be just to be nice don't
think negative because negativity brings
negativity that's the thing right if you
think negative negative more negative
thoughts will come so always think
positive so I want to have a bit about
my appearance and just general things to
remember and I also want to have it to
do so just adjust attitude it to did
their crime speak to-do list so number
one on that list at the moment will be
to sort the friggin lights out in here
so you can see they're like you guys
you've been watching my videos recently
that these lights they're totally dead
so I've taken these ones out I found
them on eBay to replace them and it's
like twenty quid and then if those are
dogs that makes the video echo so I need
two on here but to do list to get done
is replace lights not that simple as
simple as that number two
Spray segue swag way there you go
actually see appearance I could Jim
remember remind myself to go to the gym
all the time and then another one I want
to do is go little section the board is
goals so number one could be I don't
know make and painting videos number two
remember to daily vlog number three
number three could be I don't know for
example it's not a goal of mine like I
don't set subscriber goals but I could
say you know 200 thousand subs just like
my goals like my goals like I don't know
for new PC build and then you get what I
mean and then I can have like it add bit
up here like reminders so that reminders
you've got on me I'm gonna I'm gonna
split this whole board up into different
parts like that is what I'm gonna do
today like number one ring mom you guys
that know you guys like I some of you
guys know that I don't live with my mom
so I have to bring her to speak to her
like sort of thing um number two or
something like that you killed I mean so
this board right here this board is
gonna help me out a lot and for five
pounds in the UK or like I don't know
 ten dollars or whatever is in
America buy one of these boars and put
it up where you're gonna see it right
and literally it's gonna help you
literally it's gonna hell it's gonna
help you it's not not gonna help you is
it it's not not gonna help you I'll let
you guys know I wanna do is I'm gonna
keep
I'm gonna use I'm gonna get all
this off it I want to do it all properly
I want to do as I've said guys I'm going
to do it with with color because color
draws attention and color works well in
your brain drives things home so what
I'm going to do is I'm gonna use this
board and I'll let you guys know I'll
let you guys know if it's gonna work for
me and if it doesn't work which I'm very
very very doubting listen I I didn't
want Tran so it's not gonna wait it's
not not gonna work is its cause it's
gonna freakin work me look at this thing
it's crazy and yeah so what I'm gonna do
it and I'll let you guys know like if it
has a positive when I get in effect yeah
that's today's video I hope you guys
have enjoyed go ahead go out and get
yourself a chicken on board and yeah if
you enjoyed the video guys all I ever
able we can we keep their buffer you
guys know what I said a lightweight I
like rating will be much appreciated
babban video I've been video in a vlog
in all day after the main channel so I'm
like I'm a kid but yeah my name's Lance
you guys have been awesome I'll see you
in my next video
