yo guys how's everybody doing my name is
alex and welcome back to another episode
of a topic tuesday now just got out the
shower in today's episode is about I've
seen a top comment which one is it topic
how to manage time with school and
YouTube now I'm going to change that a
little bit change into how to manage
time in general because managing time is
simple once you learn how to manage time
you can manage time between school and
YouTube you can manage time between each
even being with your energy can manage
time between being with your friends and
me and your family time management is a
thing that everybody needs to know but
first up I just want to apologize like
that I have been uploading on this
channel for last four days es you meant
to be daily vlogging on here if I major
problems with the internet I've been out
all of all of this weekend and i've
recorded vlogs but they just haven't had
sustainable internet to put them up so
that that's why i've been blogging but I
just have been able to post videos
because internet is just a reliable
nowadays but anyway yes welcome back
guys who everybody is okay this blog is
recorded in 4k by the way using the sony
rx100 mark for so this is true for case
if you've got good enough internet bump
up the quality to 4k and you can see the
rx100 mark falls 4k quality so anyway
let's have a look at this topic so how
to manage time with school and youtube
right so let's say her time management
right and the way i do it and it's the
most simple way of doing it because you
know i'm i do youtubers a job I do Mars
media as a job I am a networker and I'm
currently moving into a new office for
the tech flow channel at the moment so
what a lot of things a lot of things on
at the moment i'm currently booking to
go to Amsterdam so I need to get a need
to get that one I've got a load of jobs
not a load of invoices to write today so
that's the thing need to get that done
my voice is like terrible and by yeah
what I'm saying is they've got a lot of
things to do and I'm fairly good at in
this round I'm fairly good at getting
things done like if I've got emails to
send our invoices to right I've got
boring things to do that I don't want to
do I generally just do them but
sometimes if I can't do them what I do
and this is a major thing right what I
do it's going to be simply give me like
why did I not think of that right
literally write a list unless you've got
 to do you've got things to manage
you've got to you know do different
things you to write a list so I do is I
I write a list on what right do this
first do this first and i put the most
and pull them things up at the top and
put the crappier things like down at the
bottom like the things that you know
don't need to be doing off can be done
later in time if that makes sense so
like like about managing it put a list
down so write a list in your computer
like I've up these screens here so what
I do is on this one I have like a list
down here of all like the that I've
got to get done I don't that I don't
want to do in the date so I can said I
choose to i want to do this this and
this and i'll manage my time and then
wednesday i'll say right today I'm gonna
have a day off not going to film
anything I'm gonna do any youtube videos
not going to work gotta spend some time
with family so that's all you know do my
school work or whatever but actually I
want to answer that to a question like
how to manage time between like school
and youtube and honestly right school is
more important than YouTube right
honestly school is more important than
YouTube and then you guys probably
thinking Alex why you say Mike should be
encouraging us to do youtube and
different things like that but no like
school is really really really important
I worked really hard in school to get to
college and in college I met my friend
called well I met a friend called Jed
became really good friends and now we do
the tech flow youtube channel and we try
to do that really professionally and you
know if I didn't work hard in school and
I didn't get the greatest to go to
college not about what had happened and
I probably wouldn't be where I am today
because I went to college and that
allowed me to do this YouTube thing
because I went to college three days a
week and then the other two days either
focus on YouTube and if I didn't do well
in school then I wouldn't been able to
go to college and on this will be
happening right now so you guys need to
work hard in school at how to manage
time between between school and youtube
if you're in YouTube sorry if you're
feeling youtube if you're in school like
I don't know focus on your schoolwork
and make like one video a week that's
fair enough but is literally fair enough
unless you're a game player commentator
and you wanted about when I was back in
school when I back it day when I was at
school it was all about Minecraft Let's
Plays and they were so easy to make like
it hit record and you play on minecraft
and upload it and that's what I did back
back back in day but like I don't know
right list right list
and you know right listen bright the top
of the leash need to put the things at
the most important things to get done to
manage your time okay does that make
sense and then also if you write the
list like you can keep the list open and
if you've got anything to add to the
list you can just come on add it to the
list like whenever you need to that
makes any sense but dies it this most
simple one of the yesterday's episode
simple yesterday's episode or the last
episode topic thursday's episode was
confidence that was easy as well but
this is easy as well time management is
easy just write a list literates it's
the most simple thing I feel like an
giving you guys information that you
should already know but to be fair I
didn't know this I've been told
different bits of information from
different bits of people so yeah that's
it this camera is about to show off just
did because we recorded over five
minutes of internal 4k and you can enter
the call for five minutes so it's going
to shut off any second now so I'm going
to drop this episode here so you guys
have enjoyed and if you have like this
tiny tiny tiny little tip vitalist guys
going right one and i'll see you guys in
my next episode are the blog tomorrow
cuz we daily vlog on here now so yeah
what we try to oh yes
