yo guys how are you all doing my name is
alex and welcome back to topic thursday
today's topic is by APR EXO a prick so
sorry for spelt that wrong or said it
wrong rather topic how to be more
confident in front of a camera so right
let's talk about that but first I'll hey
guys how you doing my name's Alex and
I'm shattered honestly I'm shattered it
is currently 20 plus date on thursday
evening topic Thursday today don't know
what topic is it's a series where you
guys can write a topic down in the down
in the comments section and I pick it
either on Tuesdays or Thursdays so we
have topic Tuesday's topic Thursdays and
we talk about it you guys know that by
now but if you've got a topic and we
talk about them feel free to drop it
down down there anyway guys welcome and
I've had a very hard day today I'm
absolutely shattered I mostly knackered
rundown feel I feel good but I'm just
like worked the hell out I gotta put
some ridiculous like half past five this
morning got replied to a lot of emails
and then I'll straight in Lincoln over
for a job I had a meeting this morning
in Lincoln for ten o'clock and that
lasted a bit longer than it should of
and then add another meeting at one
o'clock I arrived half an hour late to
that because the meeting prior to that
when / scheduled and everything's been
hectic I've had at all had a tour round
a bt exchange today which was really
cool to actually met up with a bt
engineer today who was at my second
meeting I'm actually installing a sound
system for a local for a local wala pub
in Lincolnshire coffee shop poop type
things a really weird place is really
cool though installing the sound system
and enabled fiber internet connection
there so the BT engineer came to install
the fiber there today for me to finish
off the installation and then I had a
tour round
a bt exchange which is really really
really cool and he's also giving me free
parking which is cause I'll get to
parking BTS exchange now whenever I want
to get to Lincoln which is absolutely
awesome shad Tufts that BTW engineer but
yeah the reason i've told you guys that
is because today's topic is confident
and a pretzel or have you say his name
is that confidence above a camera but
i'm going to change that I'm change it
slightly I'm going to change your
confidence in general right it's
confidence in front of a camera is easy
confidence in generals the hard thing
right so confidence with actual people
well I'm SAT here talking and I'm
talking to a little a little plastic
thing with a screen right I'd love to be
confident to do that that you don't need
confidence for that what any confidence
hall is to talk to people in real life
that's what I need confidence for anyway
so why I've told you guys what I've done
today his number one to let you guys
know why I'm really like run down a
number two to show you guys that I've
been in numerous meetings today you know
I've been in numerous meetings today
I've met with a beachy engineer I'm not
a confident person I hate talking to
people honestly like I come across in my
videos to come across like yams the
confident mr. confident I know
everything by the bra no I'm not
confident at all if you met me in real
life I'd be in it like I mean you
you guys I mean some guys some of you
guys some of you guys subscribers than
that i meeting you at these events like
you're a gamer and like Eurogamer and
these awesome events and like sometimes
i like stutter because like even if i
even meeting you guys I'm like I just I
just all this camera zooms in I'm I just
I can't do it I'm just not confident
like general not a confident person but
the easiest thing is the easiest way to
deal with confidence is to put a front
time because you can be the most
unconfident person right you can write
listen to this you can be the most
unconfident person you can be me you can
be unconfident you can be like I am but
you can also put a front time you can
act confident you can set you can add
come across you can add so you can see I
know this i know that lower block I can
do this I've got a foot I've got six
help I can do this I can do that I'm
super confident no one can tell the
difference if you put a confident front
on no one knows no one knows the deep
down you're under confident
I see some of my youtube comments and
some of them saying Alex you're like
you're far too confident well how are
you so confident and I'm like i'm really
not i'm really not honestly I'm shy so
if why do you not think I've got a
girlfriend because I'm not
confident that it but it's like legit
reason what I knew there are obviously
reason is because I don't want one
because I work way too much I just will
go spend time with a girl but do the
main reasons i'm just not a confident
person i might just really not confident
like just I'm just not like that's the
thing that's just a thing I've got like
I'm just not confident and it's really
horrible but if you put front on no one
as a difference no one knows the
difference honestly I thought that's
you're literally the only thing only
thing i can tell you quickest episode of
topic is today's episode like how to be
confident you don't just be you add the
confident or you're not you know i mean
like if you're not confident put a front
on and if you are confident great thumbs
up yeah that make sense to you guys
hopefully it does this cameras going to
shut off now no it's not you should
shuts off at five minutes because it
overheats but yeah that's going to be
today's episode of topics I'm absolutely
knackered sure to episode of topic ever
but yeah literally that's all I'll tell
you guys its footprint on that's it is
literally it anyway guys have enjoyed
today's episodes I'm actually shattered
work definitely takes out of you but
it's worth it in the end anyway guys
manners bout you guys have been awesome
thanks for yeah don't don't just really
don't know how to end this how am I
meant win this how do I end it just just
just press the button what is the button
okay I'm gonna passerby
