yo guys how are you all doing my name is
alex and welcome back to topic Tuesday's
now topic Tuesday's is we do it every
tuesday and we talk about the topic
which you guys put in the comment
section down below so I've got my phone
here and I think I found a pretty good
one let's have a look here let's have a
look let's let's scroll up a little bit
right here we go so this was on the
video about it yesterday and i found one
here here we go so the topic here is
this topic dealing with YouTube problems
now I know a lot of you are youtubers or
you know you're you you like to make
videos and so it's awful this big this
would be a good a good thing to talk
about so you guys can sort of learn from
my footsteps now I'll sure you guys a
first Youtube problem let's scroll down
a little bit here let's keep scrolling
down here a little bit let's keep
scrolling down here a little bit a
little bit here we go so this is this is
a YouTube problem right here Dylan
Gibson's put just stand still you rich
 your dad probably bought
you everything so that there is that
there is a YouTube problem that there is
a thing known as hate and hate is great
because hate is hate is awesome hey
keeps you on your feet if youtubers
honestly if youtubers didn't get hey
youtubers their content wouldn't be as
good because what what happens what the
whole process is is haters gonna hate
right the the YouTube content creators
see that and make even better content
because they think they know they think
I'm gonna be even more context is gonna
be the hazing more up do you got
I mean like that's a YouTube problem and
it's a major problem because a lot of
people don't know how to deal with it
and that that's that did not know how to
deal with it is it's a problem in itself
so let's go to the first problem the
comments section so what's the comments
section the comments section is full of
advertisers advertising their channels
on people's videos and what's his car
doing what I'm on I'm on road go hump on
the road guys they don't get run over
recording this video for you so yeah the
youtube comment section is full of
people trying to advertise their
channels hence why PewDiePie turn this
comment section off because the comment
section was full full of advertisers
trying to advertise their channels it's
full of hate because if you think about
it right say if you like a youtuber I'm
really sorry for the wind I'm going to
what I'm going to walk backwards if
that's going to help or not okay and
maybe I should like do that maybe I
should just maybe i mighta might just go
down here I'm just sitting here and
record a video that was what I'm saying
so if you were to just watch YouTube
video and you enjoyed it that's that you
watch the youtube video and you leave
right you leave now select you watch the
video you maybe drop it a like or
dislike rating and you leave right the
comment section the comment section is
for a certain type of person the comment
section is for someone who wants to
voice their opinion so I found this
website looking at youtube demographics
right and pretty much God is when that
the comment section is for voicing your
opinion and nine times out of ten in
YouTube anyway the only time someone
really wants to voice their opinion is
when they've got something negative to
say and people nowadays like so negative
and it's like it's really it's really
sad really because I don't know people
people spend their time light on YouTube
any way people spend their time light
digging on other people like pewdiepie
did a video about this and it was about
how much money here and you're pretty
much saying that you know everyone
picked up in all these news articles
that Peter party ends on a note before
coming here however much she is I'm not
sure
that number but none that none of the
articles picked up on that he raised a
million for charity the world revolves
around negativity and that's just the
way it is so that's what YouTube problem
number one is the amount of negative
people that use the service youtube
problem number 2012 archive and count
today is copyright if you've ever tried
to make youtube video you'll know that
this is a major major issue copyright is
like the most annoying thing ever but
there's no way around it there's no way
around it there's no way of dealing with
it the only way to deal with it is to
use uncopyrighted music so i'm going to
do to help you guys out is if you guys
are content creators one going to do is
down in the description box i'm going to
drop a few YouTube channels that upload
copyrighted free music and I'm also
right I'm also going to drop you guys a
link and I've only recently found about
this I'm also going to rip you guys a
link to a YouTube checker so what you
can do with the YouTube checker is put
the song name in the YouTube checker and
it will tell you if it's copyrighted now
the service is only in beta so sometimes
it might not work sometimes I'll say
it's not copyrighted you'll upload it
and then get a copyright strike but
that's problem number two is copyright
the only way to use it is use free
copyright music free unpop drive music
rather and check it before you upload it
so I'll drop those links in the
description to some free music services
wind go away and the YouTube song
copyright checker all right I'm finally
just home now so hopefully the wind
shouldn't be a problem yeah so yeah guys
like number two is copyright number
three number three is internet right I
have a major problem with this right
because you can probably tell I just
been like walking around outside and
I've been walking around quite close to
my house and as you can tell i live in
the middle of absolutely nowhere so
getting into that is really really
difficult we actually use a service at
the moment like a wireless service
there's actually a box on top of my
house right now that's beaming over to a
tower which is giving off internet so a
box on my house communicates about four
miles away to another box that's on top
of a tower like
a big mast and that's how we get
internet over to our house but whenever
it rains or it gets interference the
internet goes really slowly and really
horrible and especially our every single
day between like four o'clock and ten
o'clock like peak times it's like
ridiculous cannot upload you can't watch
anything it's ridiculous sometimes I
have to go on 3g on my phone 22 uploads
were supposed to fairly lucky that I get
3g coverage and at this house we have
another problem like YouTube like
internet like 4k is now coming and like
my connection sometimes Carlo 480 and
uploading if your content creator like
you need a good connection to upload
videos again there's no way around it so
yeah but other than that I can't really
think of any other beauty problems maybe
if they included a feedback system on on
the videos will likely change the whole
like rating and in the comment section
so that what you'd have to do is if you
put a like rating on a video you'd have
to comment and say why you liked the
video or if you put a dislike rating on
you'd have to comment and say why you
dislike the video and I don't know I
don't know if that would work or not I
don't know I honestly don't know I'm
just thinking of things in my head um I
don't know she's been the same for such
a long time now isn't it the like and
dislike in the comments like YouTube
don't seem to do anything to rectify
what happens but yet those are some like
common youichi problems that most people
go through that everyone goes through
robber and yeah other than that
YouTube's an absolutely awesome service
I love you for what they do I don't know
where to be today without YouTube I've
spent so many hours into watching
YouTube videos creating videos for
YouTube I absolutely love it so this is
no way a video about bashing YouTube at
all I love the service and I wouldn't be
the person who i am today if you chew
wasn't here so
I Thank You Tube with all my heart for
that it's just it's just incredible but
yeah every every service online has its
downfalls and those are YouTube's
downfalls so yeah that's been it I hope
you guys have enjoyed if you guys want
to submit your topics for the topic
Thursday which will be on thursday then
you can drop them down in the comments
section down below but for now my
husband Alex you guys have been awesome
and i'll see you in my next video if you
enjoyed it alright moving much
appreciated by the way thank you guys
