morning guys will say that to you it's
like about the time you're watching this
up with evening but for me it's the
morning I'll tell you exactly what time
is it's currently it's currently 25 to
11 a.m.
I've just finished up the gym got myself
a cheeky protein shake and I want to
talk about today the hardship of making
YouTube videos right because these
aren't hard to make right these are hard
to me I'm talking about my main channel
like Mars bar the channels on there
those videos on there believe it or not
are ridiculously hard to make like
whether you have an audience or not I've
got my voice whether you have an
audience or not making videos is
insanely hard because you have to do
well so if you don't have an audience
you have your own standard of videos
don't you have your own standard of
videos and when you have an audience you
have to amend to your own standard of
video so the video standard that you
want to create and then your audience
have expectations for the upload as well
so the good what you need to do with
YouTube is not make your audience expect
amazing videos if that makes sense
because then it takes the pressure off
yourself to make absolutely in the same
content but what I've done on the main
channel is my audience expound the main
channel the audience expect like insane
an insane he edited videos like the last
holiday ones are all really cool edited
with music and then an interesting topic
on those videos a lot of the people on
that channel like the setups and and all
the technology of stuff which is great
because so do i but like today for
example i want it to go out and I want
our I've I'm starting scripting from a
video for the Tecla on my next blog in
that vlog and my next blog I want to I
want to title it riding a swag way and
flying a drone at the same time so I'm
going through there and the swag way is
there is it even built is it even going
to work maybe I should ride around on it
while I talk to you guys to make this
even more ok it's broken ok it's
actually broken why is it doing that
there again right fix it we fixed it
we're off bro wrong one right
so I wanted to do that I was a guard
today and write the swegway and then
film film myself with the drone on the
swegway entitled the video riding a
swegway whilst flying a drone or
something like that and so I had all
that scripted have a great idea and I
was going to go out get it film today
and get it uploaded tomorrow on the main
channel to keep you know the cook to
keep the flow of videos coming on the
main channel to keep the flow of blogs
coming but but let me show you guys let
me try and minute this is how you have
to maneuver through here look if you
ever come to my house and you want to go
on the swag way that is how you go
through that anyway
this is what this is what we're dealing
with today drudgery guys there we go oh
it's so cold
look how gorgeous that weather is yeah
it's raining it's cloudy it's horrible
okay so that is what we're dealing with
with it with this weather same as
yesterday they're still spazzing out but
yeah that's exactly like I can't go out
and film it in in that in that horrible
weather and obviously I could you know I
could what I'm gonna do today I'm gonna
sing I'm gonna do a shower thing after
that is what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
sit down I've got some work to do I've
got a few websites to make for a few
clients right it's pretty much it really
gonna probably Netflix and chill in on
my own for the rest of the day and
that's not that's not a vlog that's not
a blog I'm not gonna make a video of me
making a website of me doing it doing a
website it's boring it's hell number one
and then I'm not gonna record me
watching a film all right all right
that's not a vlog material that's not
that's not main channel vlog material is
it so it's it's the things it's really
nice knowing that you have standards to
upload to like if you've made yourself
standards that's great because you
to their standards and you only learn
how polity content however if you don't
have standards and you literally for
instance case unites that right he is a
daily vlogger he is a daily blogger
before content creator so what i mean by
that is whether his days or not he
is a daily vlogger so he has to do it
right
I'm not really a daily vlogger I'm just
a vlogger the vlogs interesting days
right and then I use this channel to
talk to you guys and just to do daily
videos and daily vlogs daily one take
blocks and then I've got my tech channel
which is my neck stood up coming baby
that's the thing that I'm for a nurture
at the moment and I'm trying I really
want Matt to take off what I want to do
is have a successful tech channel this
is my plans not that they might not know
that I'm not saying it'll work out it
might not work out but what I'm trying
to do I talk we've talked about this in
yesterday's video like why work hard
like we want to see results but like
what I want to do is have a wanna do
what I want to do is have a successful
tech Channel and then Mars bar be the
vlogging channel so people can make me
find my tech videos I think oh yeah god
this guy this guy's good a tech it'd be
great if you had a vlogging channel oh
wait he does did you get what I mean so
like that's that's what I want that's
why those are the two things that I want
and this channel is just just for us
guys just be great today
this challenge is purchased for the
awesome people that have their on here
so yeah I'm gonna go jump in the shower
that that's that that's the issue with
like expectations and YouTube I was
speaking to Joe Weller about this that
insomnia and he said exactly the same
thing you know you guys know Joe well
other you
dude you probably have watched this
series internet melt so I think it's
called yet Internet melts um and I'll
speak as him about this because I
remember he probably put on Twitter
quite a while back he put like hate
having to I hate having to upload like
really like hype
the content all the time sometimes I
just want to uploader just had just the
normal video like just the chatting
video and so so I talked to her and
somebody and I was like here dude like
what's your thoughts on like the content
and having expectations and these are
exactly the same as what I've just told
you guys she said that it's great to
have expectations like it's great for
the audience to have expectations but
it's not so great because sometimes when
you want to upload a video but you don't
think the audience are gonna like it
it's a bit like ah I want to blow that
but the audience like I like it but you
get what I mean like it's it's a winner
win win win win lose lose lose win lose
situation that makes any sense to you
guys but anyway guys I'm gonna leave it
there for today we've got topic
tomorrow's the topic is where I take a
fewer comment and I talk about that
topic so if you guys want me to talk
about your topic so job a topic down in
the description in the description in
the comment section yeah pull off the
segue stupid towel but anyway yeah might
as brides you guys have been awesome
what the hell was that
