hey guys how you're doing my name is
alex and welcome back to another video
on the vlog channel hope you guys are
enjoying these fairly regular vlogs i'm
doing on here and I was speaking to my
My partner network guy last night I
don't know what you call it like my
partner wrap my god that partners my
youtube channels and we were talking and
he was telling me that it's like an
absolutely awesome opportunity that I've
got this YouTube channel because I'll on
the main channel I can't do stuff like
sit down sit down like this and I can't
just can't just talk to you guys like I
couldn't do that on the main channel and
I can do it on this channel I really do
like that so I thought I'd give you guys
an update on the LEDs and yeah so those
two are totally dead now and that work
that one's dead as well and that one's
now flashing those two are the survivors
so far so those two are winning yeah we
don't really know what's happening this
is a situation the LEDs have started to
get mental in that and we don't we don't
really know what's happening and I'm
gonna get cautious Alex what have you
done to your finger oh my god i put it
yesterday and i was doing some work and
outside but yes and wait to give you
guys a sneak preview now i know what i'm
doing a lot of sneak previews in these
videos but this one is it this one this
sneak previews it really good the last
two days I actually missed out vlogging
on Thursday because the last two days
I've been really busy Friday Saturday
and so the last three days have been
absolutely chock-a-block with work work
being YouTube this time and not miles
media we've actually redone the tech
channel right the tech channel is no
longer Alex's tech it's no longer mb g
th deal i mean probably already know
this it is now tech flow i'll try and
show you guys right here I've got my
youtube open my cameras are my camera is
gonna work okay it's going to expose on
the screen so if I just log into tech
flow here which is the tech flow youtube
channel what I can do here is I can just
go to the YouTube homepage and click on
my channel and then you guys can see
take flow this is tech flow now if I go
into the channel manager I can actually
show
guys a sneak preview of some of the
content we've got coming so we've got
the DJI inspire 1 review would you say
let me get some zoomin here for you guys
but the DJI inspire 1 review which is
there which is awesome we've got a video
for you k pro so let me show you guys
some of the sort of production value
that's actually going into these videos
might as other my internets gonna work
hey go
hey guys is Alex able to sew the videos
are like pretty mental like production
value wise here's another one hello and
welcome to the show my name is Alex and
this is tech flow
so as you can probably tell we're doing
wait which we zoom in which ways the
zoom that's the there we go so she can
tell a lot of works going into these
videos and we're trouble really trying
to hit home on the tech channel you want
to push out looks my main goal one of my
main goals in youtube is to have a
successful tech channel where we can do
like monthly top 10 video is about the
best tech to buy like monthly tech under
15 quid or fifteen dollars or 15 pounds
whatever you guys want to important want
to call your currencies and we can do
different videos like that we can get
products from companies we can do
reviews we can check out different
products and see how we can help your
guys setups and have like a successful
tech channel but I've my mom it might
the delivered a bed there can I speak or
not my main inspiration for this is his
people like unbox therapy tldtoday
Jonathan Morrison we'll see what Austin
Evans is another great one those three
people like my main inspiration
candidates so if they ever ever gonna
watch this then thank you very much to
really appreciate the inspiration guys
but yeah that's that my inspiration
behind it I've got Jed working with me
on this channel he is like doing a lot
of the camera me and him are working
together on the camera work in the
editing he's bringing up along some of
his like equipped filming gear like he's
gotten some nice lenses and stuff um but
yeah I've even we going we're making it
that professional it we're going like a
step further so let me see if I can show
you guys I've got a little bit links
here but if you click on this click on
this link here and try and open this
link up see if i can paste this link in
here I've actually it'll probably be in
the discrete well it will be a bit be in
the description of this video as well
there's a new website that's just opened
up and what it does is it lists out all
the products that we use for making
videos for the tech trouble for all the
channels obviously I'm using this camera
and Sony vlogging lens then that lenders
to record this video so if you click
that it will give you a link to buy it
as well so it takes you straight to
Amazon and you can buy it so we trying
to ramp up like everything like all of
this production stuff we're trying to
really ramp it all up and make
everything a lot more professional and
just something that ever
one can enjoy because obviously you guys
learned it up this year that the year
that I'm trying to do YouTube and trying
to make make everything make everything
work out and I'm really hit home with
this new tech channel we're gonna be
doing videos weekly on there like once a
week what we want you to set like a
realistic realistic expectancy so for
now the videos are going to be weekly
over on the tech channel it's going to
be a new episode every week and then
once a month there's going to be like a
top ten like top ten on 250 how you guys
can let me know actually what which
would you rather see like top 10 items
under 50 pounds top 10 items under 15
pounds or top 10 under 100 pounds will
do those three first and I'll now on the
tech channel also going to be creating a
monthly newsletter so you guys can sign
up to that and it'll get emailed to you
with a load of cool tech stuff in it
like with with top tens and stuff and
all different all different bits and
bobs like that so yeah we're really
really what really working hard on this
I'm really working hard on all three of
the channels really this one try and do
the day trying to keep up daily vlogging
it's hard obviously some internets
rubbish hopefully getting fixed on
Wednesday I think hope again fixed on
one day obviously the main channel has
got you know I tried to do just
entertaining like that the main channel
doesn't really have like a demographic
it's just like video is the the I lights
creating videos that are entertaining
like videos with like the phantoms and
the things like this and all different
bits and bobs so all these different
things gone on the main channel another
tech channel is technology so yeah
that's it there that's it working hard
like working hard working up when you
know that you've worked hard it feels
good it really does feel good it
honestly it really does like when you
know who you put work in like you know
any you know what you do you know when
you do something and you know you go
away from it knowing you've done a
half-hearted job it feels a bit but
if you go away for something knowing
that you're putting you all in to
everything even if it fails even if it
fails you can still either still say to
yourself I did my best I did my best and
that's the best anyone can do is that as
their best isn't it so yeah it's like
just working hard and I don't know it
just it feels good it feels good to know
see to see that you're working hard to
see that you know you've got that much
dedication to do something and I'm just
going to tell you
like you want to do something don't like
do a hot-fudge over here like work work
hard work your ass off and just do it
and get it done with but yeah thats it
for todays vlog hope you guys have
enjoyed it you guys had a great weekend
and I'll see you in my next video adios
