that started recording is that recording
yeah is it going hey sure I'm definitely
right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and I'm sorry a camera I'm
gonna Padre straight away I'm really
freaking sorry it was meant to be up
yesterday but I was really busy as you
can see we've got well the rooms an
absolute tape we've got a lot of camera
gear what we're doing yesterday Jade
filming filming so many tech videos so
many tech videos for the new channel
tech flow i'll drop a link in
description it's the new tech channel
it's like mbg THD but we've been
rebranded to tech flow and the video is
going to be absolutely insane exactly so
I'm going to do topic topic Thursday
today even though it's Friday I'm a day
late oh well we're gonna jump right into
this one and we found a good topic
sinners Jed is here and markers and
that's like its present name he said
topic cameras so we're gonna we're gonna
we're going to talk about some cameras
today and least I thought he's left a
pretty broad topic justjust cameras is
that like the cameras that we used to
shoot our videos or just cameras in
general but what do you think just
cameras that we shoot our videos but I
think ya think we should do sort of
cameras that were shoe with so high end
and then yellow end that you can get
about 650 and give people to a broad
spectrum between two beautiful right so
let's look at this from a YouTube
perspective because obviously people
that want people that want to know about
cameras are going to be wanting to do
like YouTube videos and you know get
into YouTube and the first camera the
first camera I always recommend to
anyone starting YouTube is the canon
650d this is the canon 650d it's the
camera I used to start my youtube
channel with and it's a it's a camera
with a flip-out screen touchscreen great
for doing YouTube videos because you can
flip the screen out you can hold the
camera out you can vlog with it you can
you know you can see yourself you can
put it on a tripod recording 1080p you
can get this crispy vlogs up and it's
going to change more lenses so you can
get all different types of lenses we've
got well I've got a 30 no 28 mil lens
for this I've got a tamron zoom lens for
this which is like a 16 to 200 or
something ridiculous like that let's let
my holiday lens alike
but you can interchange lenses get
instant wear lenses and get the look
that you are going for and this cameras
like 250-300 quit now something
something absolutely ridiculous so if
you're looking to start YouTube I'd
always recommend the 650d now if you're
going to be a vlogger we recommend a
point and shoot now point and shoots are
absolutely awesome and for that I used
the canon g7x now this is a great camera
again because it's got chose just
holding people a different camera that
this is the canon g7x I've got a little
tripod mount on it a gorillapod you so I
could hold it out when i used to use it
to blog with and this record some
absolutely phenomenal 1080p footage for
vlogging i used it for apps at the ages
and i had about you know sixty thousand
subscribers when i was using this camera
and everyone absolutely loved it the
quality no one complained about it auto
focus was absolutely insane it's a great
camera for vlogging it's an absolutely
awesome camera for vlogging however i
was using it to film a promotional video
for a company called rich list and it
was at a beach club and the camera got
dropped in the water so it's now rip it
doesn't work anymore which is a massive
shame because it is an absolutely
beautiful camera and i recommend any
blogger to get this camera because it is
just insane is just insane as NESN
saying but it's no drop in water just
don't drop it in water so that's a
little bit more than 650 i think it's
about 320 you can go find it for on
amazon and ebay I've drop links in the
description to all of these guys but you
guys aren't thinking out it's what are
you using now and well it's actually
tucked away inside of this bag I also
drop a link to in the description but
it's the sony a7s and it is a bit of a
step up now i use the sony a7 is bit of
a separate a bit more it's a bit mental
so obviously you guys know you guys know
mass media I talk about it all the time
the company where we do promotional
videos I do a lot of those videos with
Jed as well and I wanted a really really
really good camera to record the
promotional videos with four companies
so nothing to do with YouTube I'm
talking about here the videos for
companies I wanted a nice camera to
record with so I bought back camera and
they ended up not really using it as
much as I'd hoped because I wasn't
really getting enough working to justify
2,000 pounds on a sony a7s so what I
thought I'd do is I'd buy this lens and
what this lens does is it lets me
put this lens on the sony a7s and it has
insane auto focus and it's incredibly
wide so what you want in a vlogging
camera is good autofocus and you want it
too wide so you can see everything
around you that's like pretty much what
you need and this lens lets you do that
it's all about the lens at use it's
incredibly wide it has really quiet and
fast autofocus exactly what a vlogger
needs and obviously with the Sonia
synapse you've got in scuba insane
quality like absolutely the same quality
all the tech videos we do a shot with it
sony a7s you can do it you see a shot
from this only i7s there with the drone
on the on the monitor so that's the sony
a7s and that is like the camera i let
you use for everything right now easy
for the tech videos easy for promotional
work for companies i use it for vlogging
it's a big camera but it's awesome it is
literally awesome it can do like 1080p
at 60 frames a second and it records at
50 megabytes a second so the quality is
just super sharp super crisp great in
low light so if you should filming at
night you know Sonia so unless you're
not going to have an issue with that and
the other camera which is a little bit
ridiculous and there's really no point
in getting it but I thought it's worth a
mint sorry my phone like run out of
storage but there's really no point in
getting it is the sony rx100 mark for
now that's a thousand-pound
point-and-shoot camera and it does some
crazy stuff like 4k and raw imaging if
you're into your cameras but this I
wouldn't recommend it at all for YouTube
it's just a total waste of money I would
one hundred percent hands-down recommend
you guys to get this cannon and g7x I'll
drop a link to it in the description if
you want to start for YouTube channels
that is the best camera to get but I'm
recording this on my phone right now and
as you can tell it's passable quality
this is on my iphone right now and i'm
recording videos on it and are hoping
the quality is pretty ducing something
it before no one's complained so so yeah
it's really an open topic it's what you
want what you can afford but if someone
was to ask me you know what's my go-to
camera to start out our youtube channel
it will be the canon g7x or the canon
650d but i'd probably say the g7x
because it has awesome quiet autofocus a
nice microphone it's compact you can
take it anywhere and it's just a great
all-around camera for youtube and i know
so so many YouTube the youtubers that
will back me up on that would you agree
I think it just depends on what you're
doing if you want to shoot like
cinematics then go for 650d because you
can get that you can get different
letters for it they're interchangeable
and create a sort of cinematic look but
if you wanted to do vlogs and daily
videos that go g7x g7x soap analgesic
canon g7x so i'll drop all the links all
these cameras have been talking about in
the video description to go ahead and
check them out and yeah that's the topic
cameras out the way I'm sorry for being
a day late as we've said we've been
extremely busy with filming all these
products for the tech channel we're
trying to get brand out there and make
it all out for the awesome so if you
want to check out the tech channel the
links in the description and yeah that's
topic cameras over and done with if you
want to submit your topic for you know
look topic Tuesday next week then drop
it in the comment section with topic and
then a colon and then put your topic and
that's it yeah cool how you been
educated and educated educated and I
will see you in my next video press stop
yet adios
