yeah guys how is everybody doing my name
is alex and i'm not liking my my pole at
the moment that's a bit better that's
better that's better now I can actually
hold the camera out and you can you can
see me and I can hold it a reasonable
call it really far away look at that
whoa when I guess and wax wagon going on
swaggalicious so yeah I really do hope
actually you guys enjoyed yesterday's
video I was a little bit skeptical but
when I filmed it I watched it back it
was a video if you didn't know as a
video about it was the video about being
successful on YouTube and it was
obviously an episode of topic Tuesday on
topic Thursday no topic Tuesday Tuesday
yesterday it was obviously an episode of
topic Tuesday you know you guys asked me
the questions and I answer them on
Tuesdays and Thursdays and it's a
question that I get a lot but Alex let
you know how do you know get like how to
be successful on YouTube and I'll forget
the comment so many times and I've never
really wanted to make the video but I
thought you know I'm just gonna do it
I'm just gonna do it I'm gonna do it and
I'm gonna make make make people happy
because obviously people people want to
know but the thing is with things like
that when people asked me how to be
successful when people you know people
come to me and say Alex how do you be
sitting high number one I don't feel
qualified to give this sort of
information because number one I'm not
successful person then you have to
define your your own sucks that you
define your own success no one can
define that for you so everyone has
their own idea of success no one is
really successful do you get what I mean
it it's really hard to explain like your
success might be a hundred percent
different for my success like someone
success might be to have five million
houses all around the world and sports
cars on the drive and someone else's
success maybe just to like what one of
my successes that I want to be able to
do is it's not to have a sports car
right it's not to have them sort of
flashy sports car right it's not one of
my successes one of my success is is to
buy a car with all of the add-ons like
so that might be like I've got a mini at
the moment but it's a stock one it's got
nothing on it doesn't even have like
bluetooth for the phone it had a crap
sound system in it so you know I've
replaced the sound system myself but one
of my absolute goals is the successful
successes if you like is to buy a car
that has every single attachment on it
so it has like the heads up display has
like bluetooth as like a navigation
system as like an awesome sound system
built in like people have different
different meanings of the term success
it's really hard to talk about it well
going back to what I was saying like it
when someone asks me how to do well or
how to do something and I might really
harsh at it i will say like just
put your head down put the work in stop
being a and literally out because
I'm gonna I wouldn't lie to you guys
like if someone asks me how to do
something I'll say get off your
ass and do it put some work in because
you ain't going to see results if you
didn't put the work and that's pretty
much what I was trying to say in that
video and I didn't want people to take
it the wrong ways if I was been like an
asshole or anything but if someone asked
to me you know Alex how do i do it I
will just tell you to get off your ass
and just drag and go and do it because
that's the only way shits gonna happen
like the only way I do stuff like it's
because I get off my ass and I do it
it's as simple as that it's literally as
simple as that like learn as you go
along to do something start young
learners you go along get up get up off
your ass if you've got the mentality to
get up off your ass and do it you get a
do welcome and was crushed mom is
cracked exactly exactly see this segue
is a prime example right you're never
going to learn if you don't dry and I've
been on this thing for freaking ages and
I still still crashing all over the
place but yeah edited today I've been
dating the life of a youtuber well
editing all the time of editing just
uploaded on the main channel scheduled
obviously for I think it's scheduled for
September 12 2015 all my videos go live
at 6pm so that's where that's going live
six pm and there's a title the lads
holiday day three the best day of my
life and that's it the thumbnail should
give it all away really that's the
thumbnail look how sick that is why is
this camera so exposed there we go
that's the thumbnail for part 3 and and
yeah you can see someone's like flying
in the air like what is going on my
alone yeah so that is part of 3 and this
guy's just chucked him in the air I can
probably show you guys a little bit of
it actually I feel like a foot oh I feel
like my phone's like going mental mate I
feel like I should show you guys some
something something here let me see if I
can oh it's that Saudi open rod try
and give you guys a sneak peek of what's
going down where is it that one right
let's open this up and obviously put the
intro there you go
so enough of that hopefully you guys are
now hyped the up for 4i I what
hopefully guys I had the up for I
was going to say I 56 hey guys I don't
for haha hilarious maybe you guys are
all had to for that episode of the last
holiday part 3 coming out on saturday at
6pm but yeah there's not much not much
I've not really got nothing on my mind
not really got nothing on my mind at the
moment are the only thing I've got my
mind at the moment really is like I
don't know nothing like I don't know I
just feel I don't know what feel I feel
a bit strange really I don't know I
don't know I might talk about it in in
Friday's vlog I don't know I don't know
I just feel like it but obviously I'm
taking this gap year just feel like
there's no listen I've got like purpose
I don't know like um you know I'm doing
these YouTube videos and i'm doing like
I'm a blogger on YouTube line i'm just
getting back into obviously we moved
house everything and everything about
bit mental so i used to be a blogger
like doing my daily day in the lives or
every other day day in the lives and now
i'm just just starting to get back in
the swing of doing that i uploaded the
first one yesterday but like i just feel
I don't know I don't know I just feel
like it's not interesting just feel like
the contents like I don't know it's not
like like good but then I look at like
mr. ben Brown and stuff and in case you
nice start and like it's pretty much the
same like and people watch them so and
people watch mark I don't know what I'm
front i get it i just feel a bit weird
about it you guys enjoyed the content
right you tell me if you weren't Udonis
lee till you tell me wouldn't you guys
you guys think it's good but i honestly
please tell me if there's anything you
want me to improve or anything because i
obviously well what the hell is this I
will try my best obvious to do that what
is this what is that oh I think you put
luck okay it's got flying it right okay
right okay that's quite cool there you
go there's a close-up fly for you guys
that is a pretty weird anyway Ava not
that's there for i think i've just been
over-exposed its entire time let me put
the back to zero that's better no
go so yeah that's the other dancers on
my mind the moment I think I need to
start I need to get travelling and stuff
i need to get travelling obviously i'm
going to go to Australia meet Barney I
want to go travelling other places but
I've like got no one to do it I've got
no light at no one to travel where I've
got a few people who want to travel with
few people are Alex we should go here we
should go there but I don't really want
to go there with that person if that
makes any sense i'm not trying to be
harsh but I like I don't know that
impede on the videos and the only reason
I want to travel is so I can make videos
for you guys and you know I mean and the
people that want to travel with me at
people that would impede on those videos
and not make them as good if that makes
sense like what I'm trying to say is
there girls and they want to travel with
me to places and I wouldn't be able to
film because they've been done long
before you get the point anyway yeah so
ah I don't know I love to work things
out I've got up thinking to do put it
that way but yeah topic thursday
tomorrow so drop your topics if you want
to talk about them in it is in the
description in the comment section down
below and I'll see you very soon soon
soon oh yeah by the way enjoy the apple
keynote tonight it's going live in about
an hour so I'm gonna be watching that
and anyway man is nice you guys have
been awesome it'll see you in manic the
cool dad house
