hey guys what's going on my name is Alex
and welcome back to topic Tuesday today
is the day on the vlog channel where I
take a topic from the comment section
which one of you or some people has left
me and we talked about it and discussed
it so let's have a look at the topics
that we've got today I've got a lime on
the last topic Thursday video which we
do this series every Tuesday and
Thursday so the last one was obviously
last Thursday this is last Thursday's
video and alright okay let's get this
out of the way top pick you and Lucy now
I'm gonna spend as I go spend a little
bit of time to talk about this right
because I number one I don't know how
that comment was even posted and number
two I don't know why it was posted so
pretty much this is a dude right I don't
even need to don't even need to talk too
much about this because I just don't
understand a comment but pretty much I
55 was absolutely awesome had a great
time and at the event there was a girl
called Lucy now she's a friend of she's
a friend of mine she's a friend of a few
other people that I stayed in the hotel
room with ivy tribe including Rob and a
few other people like Nile which is also
troll sis's ex-girlfriend she's also a
friend of Adam green woods what it is
and so yeah Lucy stayed in the hotel
room and there's all this that
was flying around the me and Adam did
stuff with Lucy when we didn't so yeah
yeah well I definitely didn't I know
that far so yeah that's out of the way
anyway what I really wanted to talk
about was a really good this one DJ Emmy
topic how to get the ball rolling with
YouTube can you guys see that
right and the reason I want to choose
this one is because I get this question
a lot right I get it a lot on Twitter I
got a lot everywhere I see in the
comment section so what I can now do is
just drop people a link to this video
and what I'm working just we can just
talk about it so how to get the ball
rolling with YouTube in other words how
to start YouTube how do you start
YouTube what do you do to be a success
you tuber now I'm knocking I don't want
to come across as saying I'll listen to
me because I'm clearly successful on
YouTube I'm not this channels got thirty
seven thousand subscribers it's not like
it's it's defined term success like that
you can't succeed in YouTube you either
you know you know that there's no like
there's no like point to say you know
I've succeeded and I haven't like if you
make videos and you get a thousand views
a video in my book that's succeeding if
you make a youtube video and you get
people people to watch them if you get
ten views in a video that's succeeding
you've made content that ten other
people have enjoyed you get what I mean
like you would need to first up before
we tackle this we need to get rid of the
term succeed or do well what you guys
need to do is you need to make your own
goals right it's all about goals now I
don't know I'm telling you guys this
because I didn't set goals myself I
don't like setting goals for myself I
just do YouTube because it's fun
enjoyable I absolutely love doing it and
it's great for other people love to
watch what I do and I'm really
appreciative of that a nice my main goal
with YouTube isn't the number it's not
saying I want to get embraer subscribers
obviously that's absolutely amazing if
that would happen it's not saying I want
to get 50,000 I want to get 10,000 it's
not that my goal is to entertain an
audience however big or small that may
be and help the audience you know help
the audience out like what I'm doing
right now by making these videos for you
guys so we're gonna we're going to just
get rid of the term success and we're
gonna change the term success in to get
views on my youtube videos and have
people consistently watch my videos
right
the term success means get views on my
videos and have people consistently
watch and you know leave feedback on my
videos like ratings dislike ratings
comments that's being successful on
YouTube right okay so we're just gonna
refer to that as success okay so how to
be successful on YouTube a lot of people
tell me a lot of people tell me that
Alex I can't do YouTube because I don't
have I don't have a good computer edit
on Alex I don't currently YouTube I
don't have a good camera Alex I can't do
YouTube because this because that
excuses excuses excuses all all the time
right
back when I started my channel I made
videos on my iPhone right an iPhone has
a front camera you can flip it up you
can see yourself you can press record it
does audio and you can see me and it
works right you don't need to go out and
buy some sort of expensive camera you
know it's not needed it's great but it's
not needed ok
it's like saying you know it'd be great
if I had a million subscribers but it's
not needed you don't need to get a good
camera things with YouTube that there's
no there's no like set set goal everyone
gets it in their head that it's like a
set goal that you need to know succeed
in YouTube to succeed you'd a good
camera did a lot of big audience you
don't you you really don't like you you
can get a phone or a little camera and
start and start recording and do it
straight away but the thing is you can't
with YouTube this this is the thing
where most people fail alright great
you've got it into your head that you
can use your phone to record so you've
got even you can know you can record
with your phone you can just you can
download the YouTube capture app on your
phone and you can start upload a video
straight from your phone over 3G even if
you don't have an internet connection at
home go into town walk into town 3G 4G
get videos uploaded my internet at my
house right now
is not strong enough to upload videos to
YouTube so what I do is I get my phone
go into my bathroom right and I actually
have to put my phone right there on that
on that shelf just there right there so
it could pick up a 3G signal from a
tower that's in my local town so I can
upload videos right so don't start
complaining to me about stuff that
stuff's hard because it is hard it is
hard you gotta just put up with it and I
find it really fun to like you know get
all by yourself I've worked so hard to
get this video up you go I mean it's
like it's all about the mentality and
then people say to me you know you've
got the equipment you've got I've got
the equipment Alec you know I'm gonna
use my phone I can upload videos but
don't do it if you're not gonna be
consistent you need to nail on it
right so you want to get subscribers on
your YouTube channel don't you alright
you want to get subscribers you wanna
get people watching your videos you want
to get people interacting on your videos
right but if you
making one video a week on one video a
month or not even that like a few videos
ever ever you know half a bathroom
century people unless subscribe people
are going to subscribe people are going
to subscribe to channels that that are
you know not uploading content regularly
but I wouldn't subscribe to your channel
I doubt you would but if you didn't
subscribe you would subscribe to my
channel if I uploaded one video a month
unless it was some sort of absolutely
insane amazing video that will blow
anyone away which you know is really
difficult really difficult to make like
it's really difficult to make a video
that'll blow everyone away that's
difficult so if you can upload videos
you need to be consistent with it you
need to it's all about the consistency
like literally it's number one key as
the consistency is it's just as
important is it's you know having having
having you know caught the quality
they're obviously going back to sit
going back to say it's really it's
really hard topic to discuss I'm trying
to tell you guys right from my heart
right now right you know I said like it
doesn't matter what camera you've got or
whatever you can record with your phone
yeah recording with your phone is great
because you know it has a good
microphone on it and it has a good
camera you don't want to have like you
don't want to record it with a bloody
toaster but it that way you need to have
you need to have decent quality visuals
and sound for people to subscribe you
need to be consistent but you don't need
to have it amazing like your phone will
do like a phone will do literally a
phone is for making phone calls and it
has a camera in it right I'm trying to
explain this best best as I can to you
guys like it doesn't need to be insane
its go out buy a big camera to record
videos why can't your phone you'll be
absolutely fine but you need to be
consistent with it you need to be
dedicated and those are the two main
things consistency a dedication if
you're not gonna put the work in don't
expect the results so what I've always
said to myself in life you know I sit
here and we're very I'm a very driven
guy I am a very driven how do you think
I've got this I don't think I've got
this key the comments of daddy's wallet
by the way which isn't true I've got
numerous jobs yeah like like this I've
worked my ass off and I see the results
and I can see the results and seeing the
results is like the best thing ever
right and I am willing to put the work
in to get the results
you know all these people you know unit
unity like it all hey old all hey come
all haters right the haters because they
don't like people they don't like seeing
other people's success right and the
reason they don't like being seeing
other people's success is because they
know that they don't have the drive to
do it themselves nine times out of ten
so nine point nine times out of ten if
you get a hate comment on your video
click on that channel I bet there are
how many videos no course the ten cool
think that the probably profile picture
on the channel God they don't want
themselves in the internet they're not
confident they they can't drive
themselves to do anything anything
decent and all they can do is sit there
behind the keyboard and type you're a
 or whatever they want to type
like the ones I mostly get I like you're
a rich bastard you're rich but and it
makes me it makes me chuckle it makes me
laugh because it makes me makes me think
that what I'm doing I'm you know I'm
doing well I'm doing better than the
majority and I'm working my ass off and
yeah it's it's great like you need to be
consistent need to be driven you to like
get it nail it into your brain bloody
nail it into your brain that you can do
it you have it inside you you want to do
it right and you know we know when you
start doing videos you start doing well
yeah go ahead then go buy a nice big
camera but you don't have to have the
nice big cameras to start with
you really don't just get your phone out
whack out a video each of caps you up on
the App Store or Android store whatever
whack it on upload get some videos out
there be entertaining be funny
drop your guys if you guys want to do
not want you know you want to make you
want me to check out your guys channels
then drop a link in description say Alex
and I'm starting in the description in
the comment section you know drop drop
each channels down now in the comment
section just say to me yo Alex yo Alex
um you know I'm sorry to YouTube you
want to check on my videos give me some
feedback and guys I'd happily sit there
and give you guys me I'll absolutely
love to honestly I would love to do that
helping you guys out is exactly what I'm
made to do and sometimes sometimes I
come across like I like a little bit
like forceful and a look not that
forceful but you guys get what I mean
you like all this
some people think ah this this Alex do
this Alex do is just a prick but like
I'm trying like my best to help people
and that is the way I come across it's
the way I've taught myself is to be
harsh to be hard to be harsh on myself
to push myself to the absolute limits
that my body can take me to right and
I'm trying to do that to you guys
because worked for
me and you know I'm a fairly driven guy
now and that's what you need you need
driving your motivation and that's I'm
trying to do for you guys so hopefully
you can all appreciate that right that's
it hopefully you guys can go out and
make some videos now and look at the
tips that I have just given you right
there and hopefully you'll love it all
motivated Knapp's it's all about the
motivation as I've said numerous times
let's go through it again motivation be
trippin be consistent you don't get this
in your head you don't need good quality
to start out you need decent quality but
not amazing DSLR quality the phone is
fine and be happy with the results
you've got a nail into your head that
you are not going to see results if you
don't put the work in to start with
because I tell you up it's hard to put
work in it really is it's absolutely one
of the hardest things in the world to
put work in but I tell you what when you
see results it's the results that think
Jesus that work that works paid off
honestly I swear to God
trust me guys I'm not I'm not I'm joking
like that is it just get it in your head
that you know it's gonna be but
when you see results everything's great
and it's all awesome and it's just great
and it's lovely so yeah hopefully that
makes perfect sense to you guys and yeah
we've got any questions as always please
make sure you drop them down there in
the comment section down below and yeah
topic Thursday now next one so if you
want to drop your topics down there in
the in the comment section down below
and we can we can we can talk about some
topics and stuff that you guys want to
talk about so yeah that's my video on on
how to be successful don't like that
word but it's the only words using it
makes sense for some reason how to be
successful on YouTube I hope you enjoy
guys drop a like rating if you enjoyed
and obviously drop your comp drop your
channels down below if you wanna check
out your videos now I'll try my best to
do so but yes wait see if I can do this
oh no no way used to have to do it yeah
yeah right k - nice you guys have been
awesome I'll see you in my next video
daily votes in this channel we're doing
well I it let's stick at it adios whoa
