hi guys what's going on my name is Alex
and today we are with a freaking messy
look look just just check caddish check
out check out the desk we've got
literally stuff everywhere I'm currently
watching what video this is what video
is this okay that's just play my Spotify
that is an absolute tune by the way guys
go and listen to this
Sochi team anyway desk is a mess I know
but I've got a lot of questions in the
video where where I told you guys my
editing process and how I edit my videos
and a lot of you guys will Alex we want
to see how you shoot the videos not just
edit them like what what equipment are
using to shoot like the videos and I'm
gonna go through that in a second but
just for now what is this I don't know
speaking of sent this to me and it's an
iPhone 6 battery thing you put it on
your phone and it gives you more battery
so what I'm actually thinking of doing
is because I have an iPhone 6 plus is I
don't know it's not gonna fit on my
phone is it so what I'm probably gonna
do is do a video on this on the tech
channel with my dad and get my dad to
put it on his phone and do like his
thoughts of it so you guys mind me my
back might have seen which is pretty
cool
anyway what's going down so we've got
that that's a cool thing that it's a
very cool thing my desk is messy what's
this over here I've got some more stuff
a company called UK bro Premium sent
some cool things out so this is actually
a cool little case for it's actually a
cool little case for you GoPro so what
you can do is actually waterproof this
you can drop this in water so it's a
plastic case if you open it up here
it's quite hard to open open up there
it's got like cutouts do you go pro and
stuff so you can help will you go pro
stuff in and then if you lift this
section out this is gonna be doing it
one hand but where's that okay so if you
lift this section out there's actually a
bit under that way you can put all of
the stuff like where you go for
accessories so that's really cool that's
a little GoPro accessory thing which UK
pros to be they're not does that me
somebody's cool called cheeky little
things and what's this I think this is
some sort of gold pot go pulp I haven't
figured out how you use it yet my
my phone just comes to me and is like
Alex we can't record any more videos
because you've run out of space so just
gone through it delete your load of old
videos but anyway what was I saying yeah
I think this is a go poll not sure need
to look into it a little bit further
yeah we've also got a pair pair boxes
there that's interesting and I think
that's it for now
with stuff that people sent me that's it
that's it I believe that is it it is
right okay let's talk about how I record
my videos so there's three main things
right when you're recording a video you
need lighting you need sound and you
need picture so you need lighting so you
need a softbox or some LED lighting you
need audio so you need a microphone and
you need picture so you need a camera so
this is what I do pretty much is this is
gonna be like a lighting tutorial okay
so I've got my desk there and as you can
see it's pretty pretty sexual with the
lighting I've got I've invested in to
bloom lights here so I've got a bloom
light there and a bloom light down there
you can see it through there and then
the LED strip so it gives off three
colours if that makes sense right so
what you have is you have this light
that lights at my face and then you have
a light in the background and the reason
you do that is because that creates
what's called depth so you have depth to
an image it makes it a lot more
interesting if there's no light in the
background it would just look plain and
boring there'll be no depth to it it
wouldn't be a vibrant image whereas if
you have your if you have it you know me
lit up here nice and bright with the
softbox really close to me and then I
have light in the background and
sometimes I put my TV on as well which
helps then yeah so that scene
three-point lighting set up that is
number one down you need to have a good
lighting doesn't matter what's up a
camera you've got have you've got a
lighting there's no point and the same
with Sal
than my hog with your camera is if you
got a sound then there's no point
on a good camera because there just
isn't honestly just trust me just trust
me on this so that's lighting you want a
background light and a foreground light
like you see the even these wall lights
so if I was just to come and turn one of
these on here
so if I was just to put that on and then
I was to sort of stand here they don't
be able to see it but can you see it in
the background light you can see that
light in the background and it just
creates depth to the image if that makes
sense if that wasn't turned off there
wouldn't be as much depth hopefully you
guys understand that anyway so that's
lighting hopefully I've done that if you
want to go through that in like a more
of an explanation in a better video then
like a video dedicate to lighting by
itself then please let me know anyway
this is a sony a7s now the reason i've
got this camera is because it is insane
in low light you can use this camera
outside and pitch-black and it can
literally be night-vision it can see
things that I can't see it's just insane
so this is the sony a7s it records in
1080p 50 mega second so it record some
pretty high quality I don't see any
point in recording it for there's my
shot look that's a shot that it picks up
so there's me it's obviously all auto
focused and everything and so I don't
see any point in recording in 4k just
yet because working with 4k is extremely
hard you've got got to get a 4k timeline
and those were the different things like
that so it takes a long time to render
out so recording in 4k it's just a bit
waste of time in my opinion what I do is
I record in 4k recording sorry 1080p
they upscale it to 4k for YouTube so you
can have better encoding options so if
you guys watch it in 4k even though I'm
recording in 1080
better than YouTube 1080 hopefully that
makes sense so that is the sony a7s the
reason i bought this camera is because
it can do 4k it can do it but you need
to get external recorder so it's
future-proofed it can do it but I don't
record in 4k that's my camera and it's
just on a little tripod and then this is
my microphone now this is the rode empty
USB I've done a video of this microphone
on my tech Channel I do believe so you
can go ahead and check that out it snaps
it gorgeous microphone but as the name
suggests
MT USB this is a USB microphone it goes
into your computer to record the sound
so that means Alex you have to sync the
sound up in post ah that's where you're
wrong no you don't
the road NT USB actually has a socket on
it for headphone monitoring so what you
can actually do is put a pair of
headphones into this and listen to
yourself talking to make sure your
levels are okay I don't use it for that
feature I plug it into USB plug it into
my laptop for power so that so it's
powered up so the microphone is powered
up and then I run this cable the
headphone monitoring cable up into my
camera and then the camera records what
the microphone record so there's no
syncing involved it just records the
audio straight to the camera it's all
perfectly synced up there is my rode
into USB and that is how I record my
videos okay I'm just gonna just gonna go
in here because there's people talking
out there I'm just gonna stay in here
okay there we go
sit down so that that's that's my
recording setup I hope you enjoyed and
if you've got any questions obviously
guys please let me know and I would do
my best to answer them obviously the
comment section down below but I want to
run to you guys through like all these
small things that I know a lot of you
guys are interested in and do it over
here on this blog channel while we're
doing these daily vlogs and so yeah
hopefully you guys enjoyed that as I've
said you've got any questions let me
know but but the reason I love this book
channel is because it's just thick you
can steal like loads of stuff on it and
it's just sick and I know that like you
upload a video and it's like it doesn't
happen you know it has to be interesting
obviously but like I don't know I'm
trying to say then just like the videos
that just so laid back and I can just be
I can be myself in these videos if that
makes sense so yeah hopefully that make
sense to you guys and the lights have
gone out
oh no hoping that make sense to you guys
and I'll see you guys in the next one
let's keep up this daily vlogging guys
that light rain will be much appreciated
I hope it's you
