those who see their guys on a real my
cameras on a Blee real I do just want to
go ahead and say a massive massive
massive thank you for 600,000
subscribers on my main channel Mars bar
that is absolutely phenomenal we have
every single person to thank everyone
that subscribe to the channel has made
that possible we make sure we hit that
mark about 10 minutes ago and we are
already on 117 into the 600,000 which is
awesome it just I never really used to
care about this sort of stuff like this
sort of stuff never really faced me but
no matter whether there's ten people
there are zero people they're all
600,000 and 120 now I've always just
loved making content whether regardless
of whether people want to watch it or
not I love picking up a camera and
filming things and making like a little
bit of a story and doing wacky things
and providing pushing motivation out on
the internet like all of those things is
what I do and I just want to say a
massive thank you but the reason why I'm
saying this is because I've never really
taken this into account and I maybe
probably should have done like dice a
larger number of people so I'm gonna
make some changes okay and changes don't
be worried take ask add just a few
changes
oh wow they are but before we talk about
good afternoon guys how are you all
doing my name is of course Alex guys and
welcome back to a nother daily blog hope
all you guys are smiling and doing okay
Michu say how do you see now guys we
finally hit December the Christmas
decorations of rock jacob says he wants
to show you around those a little bit
later I think and I'm also going to be
going to the office to do some stuff
with him which is going to be awesome
however Alex you said you making some
changes and I liked everything as it was
why are you changing things out what's
going on let me explain them to explain
few things these are the changes that I
want to make and look take this with a
little bit of okay so this is what I
wanted to do so I've been doing this day
love now doing a vlog every day for the
past two years America three times I've
been to LA twice up into Las Vegas up
into New Zealand for a month and
troubled the hold of New Zealand and
I've also traveled a little bit of
Australia Binta been to Sydney I've also
been to the coast of Spain numerous
times we've built offices we've built
setups with done loads of stuff with
wrapped cars we've bought my first ever
brand new car everything I've done over
the last two years and it's been mental
has been documented I've jumped off the
world's biggest bungee jumps like Ivan
Abdullah freaking helicopter for
Christ's sake entire life I just never
thought I would ever do that the only
one thing behind it is me I am a one-man
bounden have been for the last two years
of doing this daily blog every single
day I've got up in the morning I've
thought of something productive to do
I've gone out on a film something
hopefully productive and entertaining
and also shared some inspiration I've
been sat down every single day and
edited that together my edits to take
these vlogs are about three hours every
single day to get this vlog edited this
isn't just a cut and a sloppy job on an
iPhone this is a professional thing that
I edit out in 4k every day I take
massive pride in my camera setup and the
quality for you guys and the Eddie
ting making sure everything is awesome
so the news is and I want to get your
guys opinions on this because this is
nowhere near set in stone yet but what
I'm thinking is going from seven days a
week on the vlog down to six days a week
on the vlog and having one day to focus
more on a main Channel video and that
doesn't mean there's gonna be one main
channel video per week because my main
channel videos are very high production
it could take two weeks for one main
channel video and they also think doing
that would make the vlog better too
because we can mean one day of the week
just to step back evaluate when I do
this thing every single day is so easy
to lose track because you are so in the
game and that was all I was thinking
doing the vlog six days a week instead
of seven but probably some weeks in most
weeks still doing seven days a week just
having the odd day off now and again -
not really a day off but to focus on the
main channel more so I'd like to hear
your guy's opinion because your guy's
opinion matters the most to me but guys
thanks for 600k on the main channel and
we're are at it 420 Lowell on the blog
channel thank you you know if these
vlogs are noted and a lot of people say
Alex do in a native vlog you delete you
to see the exact same thing but at the
start of every clip I probably say a
song name because I think of the songs
when I'm recording the video not when
I'm editing so I'm gonna start this and
I'm gonna say jump around
how the hell did I fit these in before
these are 38 inches long each of these
were fit all with some 310 guys I kind
of taking Jake Mitchell's first monitor
off my desk as his series building Jay
Mitchell sets up building YouTuber
setups is coming up it's just around the
corner it's going to happen before
Christmas so I need to take this monitor
back to the office go ahead and do that
guys I've got a bit of a bathroom
giveaway for you
so aces hit me up vanilla Alex we've got
a few spare pew pew pew Guillaume ice to
give away so I've got one of them one of
them here as you can see these are the
mice that I actually use on the editing
desk in the office and I've also got
another one and then to put these mice
on they've sent me out two of these
strips edge gaming mouse mats again two
of them so guys
Christmas present for you in
collaboration obviously with ASUS you
guys want to win there will be a gleam
link down in the description just a bit
of a giveaway for you guys copy
Christmas and also outshine the
competition so you guys probably think
these have Alex what is this parcel on
your desk
funny story there was a knock on the
door three times I'm not joking
whatsoever hey go in there where my old
computer was and then just look how
awesome eyes oh I think you might have
seen it on the kitchen table but none of
the lights were on what do you think of
that and that amazing the blades they're
the fans to keep it cool yeah yeah the
logo and then they love the Mars bar and
I don't know if you can see that if
you're tall enough you see it says Mars
bar up there so that Jake it was
probably my favorite thing that lights
up in this room
oh the funny thing is I don't remember
ordering anything off of Amazon
the guy's great evening in the office
with my brother dual battery charger for
DJI Osmo thanks for me tow for the pure
battery charger for the DJ I never use
my digital thanks suppose slow random
product to send me I'm not complaining
but mental but I think I just want to
let all of you know that it's been about
a day now and I've had no problems I've
restarted the computer numerous times
Rhys tied the keyboard mouse trackpad
their headset even thinking Alex what
are you talking about in yesterday's
video we installed this anchor 8 port
USB powered hub and everything is
plugged into it it's working absolutely
fine I just thought I'd let you guys
know I'll put a link to this in the
description so without being said guys
I'm gonna go ahead and end today's video
here as usual guys have you missed
yesterday's daily blog click right here
if you're not subscribed to the channel
click right here for daily vlogs got a
main channel video coming for you guys
very very soon so stay tuned for that
guys but for now - likes you guys have
been awesome nice stay awesome keep
smiling I'll see you in tomorrow's daily
daily vlog adios
