right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and it's time for another
video which I know you guys going to be
very interested in I get it
question it's a question or frickin time
and there's a simple answer and it's
really simple and it's Alex how do you
edit your videos so let's get straight
into it I'm going to record this on my
phone just because it's easy I've got
the rx100 mark for here but you know
instead of me having to edit the videos
I'm just going to do it in YouTube
capture and show you guys on here so I
can do is I'm going to close with this
and it gets the focus right so this is
my editing suite this isn't usually how
I edit how I usually edit my videos is I
would get this window here and I'd have
this over here like this and if you guys
can see that and I will put this
fullscreen so I have that like that and
that's running that's a real picture
anyway so this is what goes down and
edit my videos I edit in a program
called Premiere Pro now I add it in from
your throat because it's very simple
very easy to use and it's simple and it
gets the job done and it can render in
4k it takes all the boxes for me so this
window this window in this window I use
all three when I'm editing for a good
work flow or a solid workflow right this
is what I do over here I have a file
explorer usually what I've got if I'm
editing like a vlog style video I'll
have music there and then I will have
let's say my editor my camera files open
here with all the files from the camera
in it and then I've got the music there
and my all my files here but I've just
recorded a vlog for the vlog channel not
the blogs on for the main channel and it
was a one-take thing so lies anyone
violin is there's no point in having an
open I just have my music here so my
music is just in my music folder and
I've got like a massive library of all
copyright free songs that I can use and
and if you guys want to know you how to
get your hands on some copyright free
songs
there's loads of YouTube channels like
mr. suicide sheep NCS house nation trap
nation all these places all these
YouTube channels you can download their
music and
use it for free so that's what I do and
I've got a massive library of all the
songs I like I'll give you guys an
example got something I like this this
is going to sugar bear and it's just
like she's like a nice beef which is
which is really nice I like that and
then I've got another one that I like to
use is this one my god nice guitar and
skip it on a bit it's got like a nice
little beat in the background and I like
to use music like that because it's like
it doesn't distract from the actual
video but what people are watching it's
just like it just adds to it and just
makes it that little bit more
interesting so that's like music out of
the way this bit now so I use this
monitor for my preview so when I'm
playing on my timeline here and
scribbling on my timeline that's my
preview so I can see it nice and big and
if I press play so I absolutely deferred
or there you go
so that's my preview for when I'm
editing and this is the editing suite
here this is how simple it is to you so
you have tracks like you're doing every
editing suite but what you can do is you
can make them bigger so you can scroll
use a scroll wheel like that and scroll
and make the tracks bigger so you can
expand them and see what's going on you
can change the volume of the tracks
I used I'd like to be on like minus 17 I
think for my audio like background music
and what you do is you press C on the
keyboard and it brings up this little
cut tool like that and you can actually
go through and you can make cuts and
then if you press V it takes you back to
the mouse so then you know you can you
can drag your Clips like that and put
them and space them out and it's really
simple honestly sometimes I'm going to
undo that some messing up my edit here
and but yeah it's so simple and then
obviously you've got so my voice is
killing me today you've got like trucks
that you can overlay over the top so as
you can see here look I was talking
about insomnia so I put some insomnia
tracks over the top he go became called
insomnia at 55 and I was there
to meet you guys it was an absolutely
awesome event and I heard any of you
guys to go I was signing God outside the
Xbox's Playstations microphones t-shirts
people it was just insane actually
saying you know you got today yeah that
is it and another cool thing you can do
is when you want to when you want to
emphasize something that you're saying
so you want you want people to really
listen to you what you can do is you can
actually stop the music and it can also
be quite funny when you do this so if
you listen to what I've done here low
score numbers than Justin Bieber was
when he released his brand-new music
video so as you can see I stopped the
music when I was talking about Justin
Bieber because I can't really explain
why I do that but I just do and I think
it I think works like I don't I don't
know just like it's sort of like because
the audience hears the music stop
they're like we're also saying what's he
saying what's you're saying and then
they really listen to it so if it's
something funny it makes it even more
funny or if it's something serious it
makes it even more serious you get what
I mean
hopefully you do so this is like how I
edit and then if I was going to go and
export my video which I'm not going to
export something finish editing yet but
I'll show you guys what I do here so I
always render my videos in 4k for the
main channel because if you guys didn't
know even if you guys can't stream 4k
but you can stream like 1080p right if I
upload the video in 4k the actually if
you guys click 1080p it's better quality
than just uploading in 1080p it's really
hard to explain so let's say I've got
two files here file number one it which
is 1080p and file number two which is 4k
right I can upload in either of these
file formats 4k or 1080p right even if
you guys can only watch 1080p because
your connection can't stream 4k the file
uploaded in 4k will stream in better
quality 1080p hopefully that makes sense
for you guys so I do all my videos in 4k
just so you know you get better quality
options
it looks better it looks sharper looks
more crisp and that that is the top and
bottom of it so you go to export you
press media in Premiere Pro I oh joy you
guys to use this software it's the best
literally and then what I do I've got a
preset here which is YouTube 4k you've
got you
13 YouTube 64 1080 I've got 4k 1 and
these are just the seconds for it
service you've got 4k width height blood
bow blur all this stuff and then I
always press use maximum render quality
and render at maximum depth so he gets
the best quality and this estimate file
size is 1.7 gig so you get a need a good
internet connection to upload which I do
so I'm very fortunate with that but yeah
that's how I edit my videos and this is
the timeline and it's really easy to
edit on this massive monitor that I've
got here because obviously you know
you've got that as the preview that's
the file explorer that as your editor
and honestly it really does work so that
is how I did it hopefully that answers
your guys questions in a little bit more
detail if you have any more questions
that makes you drop down in description
and I always say that make sure you drop
me in the comments section I'll try my
best to respond to you guys down there
but hopefully that was a good look at
how I edit we're going on for seven
minutes now we're gonna give this video
a rap but yeah we're gonna count on
daily vlogging we're doing well so far
my name's Ben I like you guys have been
awesome I'll see you in my next video
you sure alright how do i how do I do
this yes
