is it recording right so hey guys what's
going on my name is Alex and it's a car
blog it's another one of those cheeky
car vlogs I'm gonna just I think people
can hear me I've only got twenty nine
miles in the tank so we need to go to a
petrol station we're not going to stop
with this daily vlogging guys we just we
just ain't gon stop we're just not gonna
not gonna let it happen the only issue
with it is honestly the only of our
family doing the daily vlog so far and I
really want to know how other youtubers
overcome this issue is a internet to
upload because obviously being a busy
guy or ever you know you're out about
doing doing bits doing work meet friends
doing a tablet having a good time and
you know not everywhere you go there's a
solid internet connection to get a good
1080p vlog up now I can't even get good
internet at home oh this is going to be
like an Internet rage because it really
mocks me up right why can we not why
have we not got internet everywhere we
go and another thing that really grinds
me is why on the gy somewhere randomly
in the middle of nowhere can I pick up a
4g signal but my house I can't manage to
upload a bloody video but you guys know
he's to livestream a lot um you guys
always to livestream at my old house and
everything was great and you guys about
Alex I give you quit live streaming and
isn't it it's not about quit I'd love to
carry on live feed me honestly I'd love
to do it
but my connection is just too unreliable
it's horrible I is honestly awful like
why can we not just get a good internet
connection everywhere we go and why does
it cost so goddamn much anyway yeah i
was at Barney's house for the weekend
you guys know Barney the ginger one it's
been a lot my videos he is going to
australia in three days so he's had a
party it is today and last night I was
there and we had we had a really cool
night actually we all like we had quite
a few lads around it but were all
playing poker and it was it was honestly
really thought it was my first time
playing poker and I can see how that
stuff is like really addicting what I
really can I was like oh my god this is
so addicting I it's so easy it's quite
hard thing to pick up once you getting
it's easy like spent like five minutes
doing it and it you just you just sort
of you know catch on to the fact that it
that you know you know how to play
obviously you know cars you're going to
know how to play poker is pretty simple
I got knocked out in the first round
though so that was a that was a thing
but yeah i did a video yesterday on that
on the main channel and i'm told i told
the majority of the audience that i was
actually a neat across this road
crossing the dual carriageway yeah i
took the majority what I told all my
audience because most of it most of you
on the main channel now I told all of
you that I was actually I've actually
deferred my course for uni which is
really really cool I'm really really
happy about that and you know what it
was it was a hard thing it was a hard
thing to decide to do it really really
was and I did it I just thought you know
bollocks I'm gonna try and have a year
off doing you know doing some bits I'm
just gonna go in this pretty Langston
I'm just going to try and just do it and
just see what I can make of it because i
don't know maybe maybe i can have a good
time and maybe my youtube will fall
through and it will be absolutely awful
but we'll never know the thing is you
don't know if you don't rile I'd kick
myself in the foot if if I didn't do it
that's the thing and the right gear yeah
I'm trying to vlog and do this at the
same time is love the difficult trying
to talk about talk and drive like do a
YouTube video but yeah it's I finally
got the balls to do it and I've done it
and we've got a year off from the thing
is like you know when I'm like trying to
make a decision this this really goes
for anything but if I'm sure if I'm
trying to make a decision I always said
to myself if I say no will I kick myself
in the ass at her length day saying you
know why I shouldn't have done it like
it's all about risk of awards what I say
everything you do in life is risk and
reward I know they should all of my
videos turn into like life topic and
help and how I can help but is just like
what I say to myself like risk and
reward Jesus is something risk and
reward like a is a risk what will be the
rewards will be the drawbacks what will
be the benefits are the risks worth what
the rewards will be do you get what I
mean it's like the risk and reward
factor is just like everything is like
everything you do every every decision
you make everything click it up look up
look at risk and reward everything and a
lot of things a lot more risky and a lot
of things aren't frisky at all but
obviously you know taking a year off and
relying on youtube youtube for one year
is a risk that i have taken and
obviously I've got my Mars media company
which is going insanely well at the
moment so if you two balls throat I'll
just do that and I'll just be as happy
as I am today because at least I'll have
known that I tried and I won't come back
at a later day and kick myself in the
ass for saying Alex you should have done
it you know it's an experience at the
end of the day and that's what life is
about experience and they
planet for a certain amount of time you
know you're born to this planet girl you
grow up on the planet here you can't you
can't go anywhere else so staying in one
place is it's something that I don't
want to do I want to go and travel and
see you know see all places around the
world i think i think i would urge
anyone anyone to do that order to anyone
to put any money they can savor and just
go and take a flight out and stay
somewhere friend just just check it out
because there's so many different races
people things to do in this world like
it's just mental oh you know i mean you
know i mean i would happily die if i
traveled the world let's say safe let's
savor traveled the world by the edge on
i was 25 and i already traveled the
world i would happily die and it will
not happily die but you guys get what i
mean like I'd have been like what I've
seen it I've seen everything list I've
seen everything there is stuff for up so
you never raised I've seen how people
work you got you guys get what I mean
like it's really hard to explain but a
lot of people have been asking me like
okay that was a swag way the swag ways
in the boot is banging about a lot of
people ask me like what why are you
doing it and it's just because I don't
know it's
I assume that I've just always wanted to
do and I just really haven't had the
balls to do it but you know what I just
thought I want to go around the
world and i want to make videos for you
guys and that's what we do it and it's
gonna be absolutely awesome I think
hopefully so yeah that's it if you guys
want to pull into the petrol station now
if you guys want to sort of leave I
don't know any any sort of I don't know
places you want me to go maybe I can
come maybe I could do it I'm coming to
like fan meet ups and stuff with you
guys how cool would that be so exhale
I'm coming to Germany anyone in Germany
want to meet up I don't know wherever
those cool places to meet up in Germany
I don't know my I don't know places but
no maybe want to go to New York could do
something there I don't know but yeah
they'll be pretty cool drop me down in
the description in the description in
some in the comments section some places
you'd like me to visit and I'm going to
go try and get this video uploaded when
i get home on my apps that you awesome
internet so yeah hope everyone is having
a great weekend let's carry on with this
daily vlogging guys as always alike we
much appreciate it guys if you're
enjoying this series and you liking the
daily vlogs you want to keep it up alike
as always it's much appreciated I really
appreciate that guys and I will see you
guys soon have a good weekend
everybody's okay if you're not drop me a
tweet and I'll see you my next video oh
yes oh dude
