right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and today it's topic
Thursday now topic is a series I do on
Tuesdays and Thursdays where I take a
comment in the comment section and talk
about it I talk about a topic and I've
got a good one today I've got a good one
first off I want to tell you guys what's
going on here
so look all the other ones are normal
the LEDs well this one it's just going
to mental way don't worry what you're
doing anyway
so yeah I've got a cool topic today
which I've seen a lot of people say or
you know comment in the comment section
it's a it's a big really big one okay
it's a big one and I'll show you guys
let's have a look I think I've seen one
of them here NIC's is Nick Smith right
you said here definitely do a cable
management video on the tech channel by
the way love your vids now a cable
management video doing on the tech
channel all my videos in the tech
channel are very professional and
they're professional put it that way I
put a lot of effort into those then I'm
now blown in that channel a lot because
all the videos take a lot of time to
edit and work on to do a cable
management video I'm best off just doing
it in vlogs style and showing you guys
what I've got going on so as you can see
the desk from the front is pretty cable
Asst obviously it's a bit messy I've
been to the gym got a protein shake
there my keys mouth everything is you
know out on the desk but what I'm saying
is that there's no visible cables from
any sort of reasonable viewing angle
when you are working at this setup
there's no cables and the thing is with
cable management you need to realize
that cables are a thing if you guys want
to sell this canopy cables you're never
going to get rid of them all the best
thing you can do is hide them and I'm
going to show you guys my tips on how to
hide them now I know a lot of you have
come and found me from setups and stuff
so they love you finds interesting and
you do a live way to move in much
appreciated but for now let's hit you
guys under my desk actually no no I'm
not going to show you guys my keyboard
first
because a lot of you guys know I use a
white mouse and keyboard and you like
Alex there's no cables it looks Wireless
and that is because well if you pull the
keyboard back what you do here is take a
nice big chunky drill bit put a hole
underneath your keyboard in your desk
and boom there you go
put your cables under there I've even
got a USB 3 extension cable a lot of you
guys know my computers in the other room
so you know and I want to put like a
little USB thumb drive in or my memory
card reader that I've got here or I plug
it in instead of having to get up and go
around there I've also got just like a
little USB 3 extension cable which is
really handy so that is that is that
that's how I do that bit anyway
that's er just a little nifty way to
hide the mouse and keyboard wise so
let's get under the desk and I'll show
you guys what I've got going on under
there right so I'm now under my desk the
rest this video is probably gonna take
place under here so enjoy anyway so I
just can see under here there's LED
strips there's lots of cables let's show
you guys how I keep them up tied to the
desk now I've got some good do's and
don'ts here so let's get straight into
it I'm going to show you guys right
first off I know a lot of people say
Alex I like your LEDs a box for myself I
try I've tried to stick them to my desk
or wherever you try to stick them and
the stick is not good enough they just
fall off ok I've got a tip for that as
well in a second so give me a sec
because let's talk about the cables
first so this is one of the one of the
things which is the main method that I
use and it's the best method in the
world is probably the cheapest method
don't go out and buy stupid things that
say they're going to keep your cables
open the sticky things eople just do
this ok what I need to do is get one of
these little things here you see these
little things what you meant to do with
these is actually put cables inside of
them and nail them up to the wall right
we don't want to do that because the
whole point about a setup they're always
working progressor you're always going
to be changing things of yourself you
want me what new cables cables can die
cables can go wrong you want to change
cables when I add cables don't buy these
and nail cables straight to the wall
what you want to do is buy these and put
these up along your desk right so along
the back spine of your desk this is the
only applicable to wooden desks by the
way that's what I have and then what you
do is you get what's called a twist tie
now these are little metal twisty things
like this as you can see you can bend
them and also just all such a shape you
can twist them and do all stuff like
that and what you
is you simply put it through the hole in
the cable management thing you stats in
the wall
I forget what these things are actually
called by the way I don't know what
they're called but you guys go to find
them somewhere I try and drop a link in
the description to all the things they
use for cable management so and then you
just you run run the twist-tie through
that and then what you can do is
actually twist tie your cables to the
twist tie and i've doing it this way
lets you take cables out easily by
untwisting it it lets you add new cable
so I could put another cable in there
and twist it on like that and you can
take cables out and you know you can
troubleshoot and it makes things a lot
easier so as you can see I've done this
throughout the full duration of the desk
or what another one here right in the
middle where the massive hyper cables
are as you can see all the cables that
are going in the same direction a group
together so that's another thing if
you've got cables that are going in the
same direction you want them going
through the same cable management route
okay it makes things a lot easier so as
you can see all the things that come
over this side of the desk are all up
the front all visible to me all twist
tied together I don't haven't some
cables you know this side or and some
this side that all the same side so I
can see all of the cables as you can see
all these cables here or going in the
same direction they all follow the same
cable management route it makes things a
lot more cleaner and a lot more you know
better to set up now going on to that
led thing which I was talking about how
to keep the LEDs up if you're nailing
into would use use some of these again
these things these things I was talking
about with the cable management focus
camera those things on the thing just
nail them in and run your LEDs through
them and boom they will stick to wood
and you're fine so that is my few tips
for cable management let's go in here
let's get out here and go into this room
and I'll try and show you guys in here
so this is obviously the server room and
got my computer and ass up there all the
network stuff for the whole house or the
AV equipment here and as you can see
here I've got all the cables grouped
together so I've got cable ties round
edge because here's a cable tie there
keeps all the cables together keeps them
all in one place and it looks a lot more
tidy if I didn't have them cable tied
together and add you know one cable over
there and you know cables you know just
out just everywhere it wouldn't look at
half as good but because they're all
together all the cables are grouped
together all the cables that have got
the same start and end location a group
together
it makes it look a lot more you know
clean just having that one thing what
one strand of cables coming down there
you can even you know put some cable
trunking now and hide all of those but I
just don't think it's necessary same
with this as well
like all the cables down here all run in
the same direction and after cables
going down you know that side in the
middle and then that side no they all
run down the same side so I know where
all the cables are and it just looks a
lot more clean now if you look down here
yes this is a mess but there's no point
in cleaning that up because when you
walk into the room you physically can't
see that like even if you look down all
you can see is the Xbox all you have to
do to look at that you know you have to
go on your knees to look down there so
you know you're gonna have cables it's
going to be some part of your setup
where there's going to be cables like
messy and there's no point in cleaning
it but that's fine you only want it
clean where you know where you're going
to be sitting down in your setup where
you're going to be sitting down where
you're going to be no Sat or looking at
your actual setup to admire it that's
from the two locations you don't want to
see cables hopefully that makes sense
like if you get on your knees if I get
on my knees in my broom you know I
better see under the desk and available
see the cables but when I'm sat here
working I can't see no cables even when
I step back to admire the cell up you
know I'm not literally right in the
corner my room right now and you can't
see any cables and that is it that's the
top and bottom of it
you're gonna have cables you need to do
your best with them and just to come up
with some inventive ways everyone setups
different I know that but they're just a
few of my tips so guys that's how I do
it that's literally how I do it I hope
you enjoyed the video and hopefully it's
been useful to you if it has a light red
will be much appreciated - Blanche you
guys have been awesome you guys what I
drop a new topic for topic Tuesday next
week then drop it in the comment section
down below make sure you put topic in
front of it and then a colon and then
your topic but yeah that's been as nice
you guys I've been awesome I got a can
with his daily vlogs and I'll see you in
my next video
adios guys
