Yeah right hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and how are you guys doing
today I didn't you enjoyed yesterday's
video and this video I talked about Mars
media and how I get potential clients it
was actually topic Tuesday yesterday so
that was one of your guys topics and
that's what I did I'm gonna close the
dog sick it makes me makes me Rebecca
and we don't want a neck hair weave vlog
so how is up i'm doing i hope everyone
is it's doing ok and i saw a really cool
topic actually I'm so obviously I'm not
gonna talk about topic today because it
isn't topic Tuesday on topic Thursday
but that's already cool topic about like
going back to school online preparing
and stuff and I don't mean all it meant
I thought ha yeah you know what you mean
like how can I talk about going back to
school you guys do Lisa really really
really interesting and interesting
comments it for the topic series and if
you don't know what the topic series is
and you like new to this topic is a
series that I do on Tuesdays and
Thursdays and I take a view a comment if
you a topic that you guys put in the
video comments section and I talk about
that topic for an entire video but today
is just a chill out blog and just like
getting my sorted out because it's
been a fairly mental weekend like fairly
mental obviously you guys know been to
insomnia and insomnia literally it's you
guys obviously know the what the actual
word insomnia means it means no friggin
sleep and I literally got no sleep for
the entire weekend in if you are like if
you if you were there with me like any
other youtubers watching this who were
like in my hotel room or clothes you
know that lost ya lot of went on
like happened it's not stuff about
her early can count orbiting one to talk
about in the video but it was a very
hectic weekend obviously meeting you
guys was absolutely awesome but I do
need to get my together I still
haven't unpacked everything literally I
got back yesterday so I got back to mine
on Monday then my friend now stayed at
mine Monday night till tuesday we hung
around all day Tuesday and flow the
inspire and made some mixtapes on there
just chill down and then he went home
yesterday and then I went to my mate
Toby's last night and we went out into
town
and we were just going to go out because
we helped me and Toby on seen you in a
while we're just going to go out and
have a few drinks and just chill out we
ended up actually going out its town
going to the club and get out smashed so
that was last night and here we are I'm
just got back home and I honestly don't
know what look like by the way so I
don't know if my hair's do it what's
going on a pole like a idiot so
common in yesterday's video i did a
video in 4k yesterday and oh it was with
this camera by the way now lefty I need
to post it back to my bony I've just
messaged him saying what you want me to
do cameraman but this is the rx100 mob
54 m so yeah and obviously I've just got
back and we're really gonna grab a few
drinks but we ended up going out and
getting going to like go into the club
put a photo on Twitter of my heart rate
in the club for some reason oh yeah saw
a comment on yesterday's video and it
said I don't want videos in 4k I'd
rather have them in 360p so I don't have
to see your ugly face I was like okay
John we just don't just a vlog like this
all the time I'm just going to walk
around like this and just will that make
it better for you man whatever just
literally walked around like this and
just like walk around like this and
they're just blogs like that so is this
what I'll do but for the entire for the
entirety of you know the rest of YouTube
just walk around like this because one
single person doesn't want to see my
advice anyway yeah i saw that comment
and I was like okay that's a bit rude I
was a bit read wasn't it really really
really really damaging my self-esteem
because already gonna about what
something I don't really care anyway
guys I don't understand why bother no
bother i'm not bothered by you guys tink
yeah i got this cool new rap for my
phone which is pretty cool so it's like
I don't if you can see it let me try and
show you guys put it on the table
fortran yeah you can see that look it's
like it's like a snake skin it's really
freaking cool now what I'm gonna do is
actually try and reach out to this
company and get them send me some skins
for you guys and give them away because
they're fairly inexpensive and I want
you guys to have them because they're
absolutely awesome i'm actually pillai
got sponsored by them it was just going
absolutely mental and you guys will have
skin well I'd like mars bar skins it was
sick but you
I need to put everything sort everything
out here what stuff this is what this is
my thing from the weekend my his mind
somnire pass which which got got ripped
unfortunately for instance that I don't
want to talk about um so yeah i've got
all my stuff their toothbrush like my
travel toothbrush xbox one of a
microphone service sales live streaming
from the hotel got mail garter there so
i need to go and put this back into the
server room and the server room is
absolutely messy as hell at the moment
all right I've actually having a bottom
with the children 18 set up some of the
monitors haven't been working and
someone's doing my graphics card and so
I've had I end up getting around it by
putting different cables in so I've got
light different but this is such a mess
and it's like it's problem will give me
off look at all the cables everywhere on
the floor let my shelves are all
organizer that's the network shelf which
I do want to sort out today that is just
a despair shelf of spare crap but I need
to sort this out it's just like there's
too much going on and what and all of
this down here and that idea to put my
xbox back there but one trying to sort
it out so you can't see any cables if
that makes sense to you guys like I
don't want I don't wanna be able to see
any cables I want it all to look a lot
especially this like just looks awful so
I'm doing I do need to sort out that's
what I need to do I might do a video on
like cable management for the tech
channel if you guys would be up for that
then then let me know drop a light rain
or something all time in the
conversation yeah video on cable
management not be sick with Nick's a lot
of people doing selves need help on
cable management like you look at my
setup you can't really see any wires but
as soon as you go to the back that's
what it looks like down there and I do
have like what like plates on the wall
so everything you know is three miles
much myself holes in the wall but it is
messy from from you know you can't get
rid of cables have got to be somewhere
like you look underneath my desk it's an
LED strip and then all these all these
cables all the cables all those cables
everywhere oh my god i'm quite and hold
a camera so yeah and it's sort of my
stuff out but yeah just like get sorted
out but so much to have to do and I just
end up like I just end up like I don't
know like not procrastinating but going
and doing something else and it just
sort stuff out so I'm going to go do
that now I'm gonna go sort my stuff out
got a few videos to edit
that's pretty much it you guys got any
topics you want me to do in the topic
series tomorrow let me know in the
comment section down below but as always
I'm gonna try and Carly's daily vlogs as
long as I can might as well as you guys
have been awesome oh no see you in my
next video howdy else
