are we on is it is it is it recording
are we going right so hey guys what's
going on my name is Alex and yes but the
quality up to 4k I'm gonna tell you guys
a little bit of a story so I've been to
i-55 this weekend it's been absolutely
awesome meeting all of you guys
the event is absolutely insane III ami
really go to meet you guys that's that's
why I go that's why I do these things
and I met so many of you so shout out to
others faces if I met you there you're
all absolutely awesome
and if you couldn't make it then come to
the next one because you're definitely
missing out the social Norton event
anyway you probably like Alex happy
bought a 4k camera and now I haven't
Alex you're filming in 4k yeah I know so
that's I 55 I was actually staying in a
hotel room with a few people actually as
you guys know one of those people being
nyle and he likes his camera gear right
and after I 55 I was like dude you want
to come back to mind we can chill out
and he wanted to come and see the
ultimate setup so he came around back to
mind and I'm late you just dropped him
off at the train station and it turns
out he sent me a text saying Alex I've
left my Sony rx100 mark for at your
house so I was like you know when he
told me that I was like yes I'm gonna
record a vlog in 4k so yeah this is
actually raw 4k right now so boom the
quality up and let's get into topic
Tuesday now these videos can only be
five minutes long you can end up a call
for 4k in five minutes on this little
camera so let's do this I think I've
actually found a topic on here which a
lot of people are interested in right
here and it says topic Mars media I'd be
very interested in how you started Mars
media and how you get clients and such
great vo Alex now let's just talk about
this for a sec there's actually problem
my vlog channel and when you click on it
and it says if there's an error so I
don't know what that's about but anyway
you upload this video so we've got three
minutes to talk about to talk about Mars
media so if you don't want as many ways
it's it's my little my little very
miniscule tiny little company that I've
got set up at the moment and what that
company does is anything regarding media
we do promotional videos for companies
we do wedding photography we've got
obviously the inspire there so we know
we do go and do pictures of
houses like in pictures of real estate
for you know for when people trying to
sell the house and they want to get an
aerial shot up on the internet of their
house and they're trying to sell it we
do like everything media camera-related
blah blah blah if you look in here I've
actually got loaded camera gear all my
camera gear down there softbox is
lighting shoulder rig sliders everything
to do with camera gear in there and how
did that start Maz media well at the end
of school I had about 20,000 subscribers
right on YouTube and I didn't want to go
to sixth on because I'm not very
intelligent so you know there's no point
to be doing that so instead what I did
was I I went to college and that college
I just did a thing called creative media
and when I went there I was introduced
to the fact that you can actually charge
people to do photos and stuff and I
never knew you could do this and I know
I just didn't know you could do it and
I'm always I've always been like
interested into a video work and
obviously YouTube so as soon as I
realize you know I could go out and I
could do promotional videos for
companies and earn money from it I was
like hell's yes so this is what I did I
started up a website and I use
Squarespace to make the website now this
is no way promotion for Squarespace I
don't even know any of the square pick
Squarespace stuff I'm just telling you
guys that Squarespace is a really easy
way to make a website so that's the way
I did it I'm not finna to put them
asshole that's just my personal opinion
anyway so I made myself a cheeky little
website and on there I started to put
some of my work now the main question on
here is how did you get clients now what
you need to do is build what's called a
portfolio how long do I have left
not long about a minute so how do you
know how to build a portfolio right and
a portfolio is your work a portfolio is
something that you can show people you
can put it on your website and it shows
potential clients what you can produce
so one of the questions was you know how
do you get clients so you need a
portfolio and to build a portfolio you
need to do work so what you do or what I
did rather is I started doing free work
for companies and people so you know I
had some friends that were getting
married for instance and I system hey
you know I'm just starting to get into
the business would you be alright with
me coming to your wedding and doing you
some free wedding photography if I can
you know put it on my website and use it
for a portfolio and nine times out of
ten of course no one's gonna
nice and free photos for their wedding
boom there's summer for your portfolio
and go and do go go out to your local
what I did I went to a local coffee shop
and I was like gay guys drop emotional
with the elder for free and my friend I
do for free come we stood for a college
project as well as our portfolio they
were like hell's to the yes we did them
a video and so many people saw that
promotional video for the angel coffee
house and it blew up and I've been
getting loads of work like because
people have seen that video because it's
my portfolio how long do I have left not
long
okay I'm got to stop this and then and
then and then restart it so it's because
this camera it's a pocket camera like a
point-and-shoot but it can do 4k but you
can only record it for it for like five
minutes before it stopped so you have to
start it again anyway so yeah you like
you build a portfolio and you need to do
free work together portfolio built it's
easiest way to do it no one's gonna deny
free work so yeah a lot of people ask me
you know a lot of people say you know
Alex
 you you're a small you've
spoiled bastard straight out of Dalek
daddy's wallet and it's like it's like
now you know I run like this company and
I've got it going up but my portfolio I
do camera work photography videography
promotional stuff for people's you know
you know for people's companies and it's
really good it's really fun and I really
enjoy doing it and like that is the top
of my company and that's how it started
like I went to college and I realize
that you could do it and you know my
tutors like why don't you just go do
some promotional videos for company to
start for website and do it
professionally so I was like that's
exactly what I'm gonna do and yeah
that's how you do it to get clients you
need a portfolio and to build a
portfolio you need work and to get work
for your portfolio you go and offer free
work to companies or people like
weddings and you know in your profession
to say if you want to be a wedding
photographer go and you know go and
offer some people that you know offers
them some free photos if you want to do
video work going off with some people
some free videos my company Mars media
we've got a few people working for it at
the moment we we do all manner of things
we do social media advertisement we do
wedding photographer we do all types of
photography portrait photography
landscape photography wedding
photography anything you can name when
you promotional videos Courtley working
for a kitchen company you've probably
seen the Wix advert on TV you know Wix
guy I'm doing something very similar to
that so yeah it's it's absolutely
awesome and that's my company Mars media
so I hope you guys can go out and do the
same thing and you know be inspired and
if you guys need any help make sure you
smash me up on Twitter and I'll give you
guys all the help packing again but
anyway this camera is getting quite hot
and I'm really worried about X it's not
meant to record for more than five
minutes so I'm gonna gonna render this
out I hope that this video has been
rather helpful for you guys as I say
tweet me if you've got any questions and
I'll try my best to answer for you guys
but yeah that's been topic Tuesday but
on topic Tuesday's briefly if you guys
write topic in the description with a
colon and then put topic that you want
me to talk about then I'm gonna do you
know I'll talk about it on a Tuesday or
a Thursday that's pretty much happens we
got a topic Tuesday topic Thursday and
that's it oh yeah hey guys my husband
Alex you guys have been awesome
focus come oh wow
that is insane Jesus Christ adios focus
focus focus yeah
