good modern guys are you doing my name
is alex and today i'm currently wearing
sombreros that's going to call it a
poncho poncho sombrero combo no see a
sombrero I want a swag way and I've got
a sombrero on so that sort of sums up my
life in what I'm doing right now and
having a camera but anyway how all of
you guys doing I need to talk about the
things really obviously you know last
Wednesday I was like oh yeah i'm going
to start i'm gonna start dating login I
really am and but I pivot the insomnia
event as you guys know I attempted to
vlog at insomnia but unfortunately there
was too much background noise I
literally couldn't hear what I was
saying but I have had like the awesome
opportunity of meeting all of you guys
which is which is just absolutely insane
like obviously last time I was it
insomnia vente had 40,000 subscribers
and now it's on life 130,000 and there
was so many of you guys like so I walked
in yesterday Rob and it was mental
wasn't it it was it was something that
I'd never ever thought would ever happen
and honestly loved meeting you guys it's
the best thing ever but as I say I
haven't been blogging because the
background noise in insomnia has just
been really awful and then I and then I
won't cook one morning I think I woke up
yesterday morning and realized that I'd
actually uploaded a blog to the blog
channel with me and Jake Zeus or trolls
us and we were both drunk out of our
heads I don't know what we've been doing
but I don't wanna have a video on online
on the internet at me blogging while I'm
drunk I've got like I've got a little
bit respect for myself and you guys and
I don't want that to be an internet so I
love you guys why have you removed the
vlog and you know I'm a Rube dick cuz i
just did one on there but anyway yes I
always talk to you guys about a few
things about what's going on with with
the channel and what we've been talking
about in the last in the last few videos
so we've had this idea of traveling the
world which is what we really want to do
what we all want to do because we can
make some absolutely awesome videos and
i think i'm pretty much that were you
guys have decided for me pretty much i
think i'm going to phone up unique defer
my calls for a year and travel and take
you guys with me i think
I think that's what I'm gonna do I've
got a few days to decide like you know
put like a final sort of pin in it if
you get what I mean but you guys were
like I like she's do it the only
time in your life when you can do it so
just just do it so i will i'm going to
do it and hopefully it should be good
and we can make some really really cool
videos let's go to that Australia and
New York she's getting experience all of
these places with with people and just
check it out because like the world is
here need to keep checking out and see
what those to offer so yeah that's out
of the way I'm pretty much a pretty much
put up in that but I'm just going out a
few more days to decide ok my pin
something today it's the last day today
so insomnia 55 is the last day of
insomnia which is absolutely awesome and
I just want to tell you guys
unfortunately I probably won't be going
to the next 20 avanza but i'll be going
to it was it yeah well I might be going
to eject so stay tuned for that these
guys had now I'm of log into hiding and
so yeah I'll probably not going to the
next to it might do i'm not sure they've
moved the event to the NEC which is kind
of a good thing and a bad thing because
the NEC is in birmingham so it's quite
central to in the UK and there's like a
massive train station there in an
airport so if you knows people from
overseas that want to come fly over to
come to the event well I really do urge
you to it's an absolutely awesome
awesome event so yes and it's moving to
the NEC and the things with the AC is in
the middle of nowhere so you can't using
the parts to shop and get some drinks
you know I mean it's like you know if
you were even if you're gonna go there
you can have to buy food there by drink
there and it's going to be just insanely
expensive and that's gonna be an issue i
think it was like I don't know drink
prices are just off the wall I think it
was like four pound for pound for
something for like a little little
little stupid little tin of something so
it's just it's just honestly like the
they didn't take the piss on the prices
but they've gotta make that money
somehow its business at the end of the
day so yeah that is that is pretty much
what's going down gonna go meet you guys
today the rest of you that are coming
today and what I'm one thinking of doing
is not uploading a vlog on the main
channel of yesterday I think we're going
to combine yesterday's video and today's
content for the main channel and put
them in more
video because not really much happens
it's really it's not really like a
fun-packed event you could go to
insomnia just go for one day and you'd
be able to do everything that's there
honestly that's pretty much the top
bottom of it you do yeah you do then
like there's not much to unless you like
meat and friends or just rely on our
case oh man is for this way nodes but
like it's just it gets a bit dead in a
bit boring so exactly pretty good for
one day yeah so if you go for one day
you'll be able to see everything see and
do everything pretty much and you don't
you don't need to go for three days so
I'm probably going to combine
yesterday's vlog footage with today's
for the main channel and then do just
like a roundup video and that so that
should be actually be fun hopefully you
guys cannot falter that yesterday's
video on the main channel didn't its of
boxes properly haha so um so that's the
thing that's really annoying you tube
suboxone and thumbnails have been
messing up over the last few days which
is pretty pretty annoying but anyway
we'll we'll put up with it and what
we'll carry on with the each of ground
we're now like 130 4,000 subscribers on
the main channel which is just
phenomenal we've gone up we've gone up
for now manamana five six seven eight
thousand in the last four days which is
just like what what anyway I'm gonna
leave you guys to it and I'm gonna get
this event and meet the rest of you
coming on the Sunday's yeah might as
well actually guys have been awesome and
i'll see you in re else
