right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome back to as you
know we're not welcoming back today this
is the first episode of first bat what
thurs back first was it thursday topic
thursday in topic choosing it's Thursday
today I think it's a today's now right
so we've got a topic to choose and I've
got one here it's got 102 likes on this
video and let's have a look topic exams
and your results in exams now I don't
know what you mean that's quite a broad
thing to talk about so first of all
first of all first of all I'm going to
talk about my results in exams but let
me show you guys I'm just don't know how
to tell at the moment here but I thought
the five stop recording stop why these
topics you'd rather like although
stopped the camera on their steel
position though have you walking around
if it will be better if you did that way
ok Rob you may Rob you make a set for me
so I can talk about my topic and I'll
show these people beautiful people the
view from our hotel room so they were
like do you want you want to stay in
like a top Laura Banford we want to be
put at the top so we're literally we're
not quite at the full top but we're
pretty freakin hi this is Coventry here
and let if you guys know trolls us but
he lives like over there somewhere down
there so yeah that's that's him and
Rob's making me a set while I while I
talk about what I got in my exam results
so what I got in my exam results was I
did pretty easy pretty easy things like
pretty easy GCSEs I got a C in English
literature a be in english language AC
in all three of my sciences SC and maths
and then i gotta i gotta be in french
and then because you had to do either
French or Spanish I don't know what I
didn't do Spanish to French for some
bizarre reason anyway I got a being that
and and then I did ICT drama and
graphics now I got a star in graphics I
got a an a-star in ICT and I got a bee
in drama which really annoyed me because
I thought I was good at drum I thought
was good acting
I'm an actor but obviously you know I've
gotta be and I was quite disappointed
but I got the results that I needed to
get to go into college so let me talk
about like results and you know exams
and how to prepare for them and stuff
rights the guys let's talk exams for a
second right so exams are hyped up by
your parents by your tutors by your
teachers by your friends by everyone
exams are portrayed to you when you are
younger as if I fail this I've failed
life and if I do well at this I'm going
to have a good job and that is not not
the case at all I know many successful
people that have earned a lot and
absolutely awesome living and you know
they dropped out of school the actual
dropouts like 12 name would be what's
the guy invented microsoft ok Bill Gates
he dropped out of college he was a
college dropout and he invented
Microsoft so just just think just let
that sink in for a second and so exam
results are they're important but
they're not as important as people make
them out to be like people make them out
to be important because people want that
people want you to do your best and you
do need to do your best it's always good
to do your best in exams because it gets
you prepared for life I don't think of
an exams as I'm going to do my best to
try and get a good result I say to
myself I want to do my best in an exam
because I want it to give me a good
skill set to do well in other things
that I may not want to do in the future
if you can do well at something that you
don't want to do that being exams then
just think about how well you do is
something that you do want to do for
example so like I want to do youtube if
I could do one in an exam I can and I
don't want to do it I can definitely do
well in YouTube because I want to do it
you get what I mean like hopefully that
makes sense as I make sense Rob yeah
yeah so like they're not the be-all and
end-all do not my exams like ruin ruin
like a weekend or obviously I prepared
for my exams it's always good to prepare
you don't want to go sit in an exam and
and just flunk it because you'll just
feel afterwards honestly do some
preparation prepare as much as you think
not what anyone else thinks as much as
you think you should prepare for the
exam to get the result that you need not
want the result that you need and the
result you get will be will be a
reflection of your efforts that you put
start with now I'm not I'm not like a
very intelligent person I can't spell
for all you guys on Twitter I always put
the wrong you're on Twitter like you're
' and I'm just like rubbish everything
I'm quite stupid but I've managed at the
age of 18 to set up my own business and
working i work for numerous bars and
companies i work for kitchen designers
we've got a company that i've just
started up that those promotional videos
and different things like that and i'm
just i'm not clever at all why it's just
all about like drive and persuasion and
this is what exams are about like if one
saying is if you can have the drive to
do an exam that you don't want to do
imagine the drive that you can put into
setting your business about something
that you want to do maybe your passion
is let's take my own for instance like
videography like we're doing right now
like with cameras if I you know if I've
got that I've got the drive to do
something I want to do then it's like a
win it's all about drive and if you can
do an exam and do well in it then you've
got the drive to do amazing things and
that is the be-all and end-all of it and
it you know if you get a good result
you'll feel happy when I got the results
I felt happy about us off when I think
at the resort I was like I've let myself
down honestly you can't go back with
exams you can't like jacana Schwein time
once you've got the result that's it so
do your best and that's literally all
you can say just lie your way through so
we can reset them but yeah it's like
training young it's just a bit of a bore
lake isn't it it's English Maths the one
who yeah yeah Reese it says remain
important ones anyway yeah so dark as
you don't yourself if you get a bad
result but you want to come out but you
corner you want to get the result you
want to open the paper that yes I've
done my absolute best and that's the
best I could do and that is that a nice
pretty much it but his exams in a
nutshell so yeah that was the first
episode of topic I enjoyed it hope you
guys did to drop some topics down the
description and next tuesday i will do
another episode of topic and we can talk
about a topic that you guys want I'll go
through the comments and if you go see a
cut a topic that you like in the comment
section but your taint it with the light
rating so I'll make sure I see as well
I'm gonna go eat my subway now she's
probably stone cold see ya hey you guys
enjoyed my nose likes you guys cut but
also me and i'll see you in my next
video adi else
