right so guys what's going on my name is
Alex and welcome back to another vlog
okay so like the second day and I think
I'm doing pretty well on this daily
vlogging thing not anyway so I'm here
with Rob Rob let's get the thumbnail
let's get let's get the thumbnail in
here let's see if we can freeze long
enough it's gonna be the thumbnail
anyway yeah Rob's here Vince o'clock
this morning we've done a little bit
cheeky shopping out with Rob today yeah
I've gotten quite a little bit cheeky
shopping done we've been in Nottingham
pink rubber off the train station you
guys train delay in about five million
times so it's been it's been like pretty
pretty successful considering that we've
had a lot of we found a lot of trains
cancelled and and setbacks and different
things like that but today's topic in
today's video is something quite
personal don't want to talk about and
obviously we're going to do topic
tuesday and i wanted to do it on topic
tuesday but i'm also going to do a topic
thursday as well because i want to do it
on tuesdays and thursdays because two
days a week I want to do a video that's
with you guys in every other day week
then we can you know to talk about other
random stuff as i said tuesdays and
thursdays are going to be where we do
topic topic tuesdays on topic thursdays
and we can talk about the topics that
you guys leave the description so if you
have a good topic then right topic in
the description in the sorry in the
comments section and then a colon and
then put your topic there's a few cool
topics in yesterday's video so I'll
check through those but anyway yeah
how's everybody doing have almost had a
good day today is a day of the black ops
3 beta Rob what're you doing I'm trying
to vlog here trying to vote today is the
day of the black ops 3 beta so I've been
playing that my internets just been
absolutely awful so that's the thing and
here's the beta and it's currently kind
of not working some internets not
working anyway what I wanted to talk
about today was what I'm going to be
doing also in my plans rather for the
main youtube channel so here's my plans
and this is what I'm thinking I'm gonna
do now I meant to be going to university
like this year in in September like when
you guys go back to school or when you
guys start college I meant to start
University and I need to n roll on my
course that's what you do a university
or college you n roll on a course that
pretty much means to say that you're
going on it but what else I can do what
other options is I can defer the course
for a year and a lot of people do this
and it's called taking a gap year and
pretty much what you do is you take it
take a year it's not like a year off you
take a year like off college or off
universe the year between like college
or 64 and university here in the UK and
you've got a year to do what you want
now a lot of people use that year to go
traveling let's say to wherever they
want to go like their dream location
because it's the only time in your life
when you are able to do it if that makes
any sense i hope this camera still
recording yeah it is so yeah that is the
fact the only time you like you do it
it's called a gap year you've probably
heard of one and I'm thinking of doing
that I'm thinking of taking a year off
concentrating on YouTube seeing if I can
grow YouTube as much as i can see if i
can you carry on for another year making
some awesome content for you guys see if
you guys carry on still enjoying it at a
year's time and if you do then you know
i can probably do this YouTube thing
full time if I grow it enough in a year
or if I don't then I'll just do
university next year but in the year
what I was thinking of doing here we go
this what gets interesting I was
thinking of traveling so I was thinking
of taking my camp all my camera gear my
drone which i think is down there and
all my camera gear and obviously me and
a few friends go around the world
traveling and making like daily videos
and doing awesome stuff and video in it
and bringing you guys along with me now
this Hitler here's where the issue comes
along what why to ask you guys is it's
not like would you be okay with it
because trust me I wouldn't make crap
videos it's more than I know you guys
are interested in setups and and
technology and stuff and I don't want
like all the technology people's with
August this is I just want i want
you guys honest opinions as to where you
would like if you watch obviously what I
was thinking of doing was doing like a
weekly tech series or something on the
main channel where I could talk about
setups and how to improve them and
obviously I can do those videos all
around the world I don't have to be at
this help right here and I could also do
videos like trying to build my ultimate
traveling setup like going around the
world set up to vlog and all my camera
gear and and just making the whole year
of epic videos on the main channel and
obviously daily vlogging on this channel
obviously and the only other problem
with it is the tech videos on the tech
channel
stop for a year but after that year I
come back and carry on doing it if that
makes sense i mean i could grind those
the videos now unlike stagger upload
them but they'll be pretty hard to do i
think so yeah we're gonna just see how
it goes i put the question now to you
guys should i travel and make awesome
videos i mean the thing is if i go to
university i'm going to be just making
videos at home it's just going to be
 if I you know if I if I don't get
to University and I stay here and don't
travel I'm just getting making videos
here so it's going to be like I
think the best thing to do would be to
travel and take you guys with me and I
think that will be the best thing to do
Roberts what's your opinions Rob do it
like we've traveling you got all sorts
possibilities like you could find
content wise as well like i was
mentioning us not by urban exploring
yeah exactly yeah i find old research
all sorts of like old houses and
mansions and you can travel in those as
well trying around that's some really
good content exactly like a nice blog
quite a small um I YouTube community for
your own exploring and if someone like
yourself getting that will just blow up
it'll blow up and likely I'll be a
really good opportunity for you well
there you go that's Rob's thoughts so
yeah that's like today's topic like I
fully agree with Rob I think it will be
absolutely awesome to go around
exploring and taking you guys with me
and like trying to get like the inspire
and like different places and get some
awesome shots and video at all and go on
some epic epic adventures and see what
you guys think obviously I'll take some
friends with me I've got some friends
that wanted to travel Barney being one
of them under you guys absolutely love
him he's going to Australia for a year
so we could go out and visit him so yeah
that's the idea put it out to you guys
that is today's vlog let me know what
you think down in the comment section
down below but yeah all i'll see you
guys hopefully have insomnia this is
this this weekend oh and also I'm going
to try and live stream tonight so the
night of this video is uploaded I'm
going to try and go live on twitch TV
ford / mr. Mars bar put a link in the
description as I said I'm having major
internet trouble as usual live in the
middle of nowhere so getting good
internet out here to stream is difficult
but i'll try my best if I'm not
streaming I apologize but hopefully I
should be stream some black ops 3 beta
tonight so that's the thing
whoa yeah I'll see you guys very soon
adios
