yo guys so I've just been like well I'm
just I'm just here um I've actually got
my microphone turned quite quite far
down on my on my camera so I hope you
can hear me but I've just been out here
trying to take some photos of my car
spent like all Mort where's my keys have
spent like all morning cleaning this car
and I want to try and get like a photo
of it let me see if I can just put my
camera up while I'm driving I can I
think I can do this right so I'm
obviously I'm still on I'm on private
land taking these photos some and like
any public place which is absolutely
fine actually I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna reverse this I think give me a
second yeah guys back inside now m and
welcome to you know my vlog channel this
is my blog channel if you've never been
on here before so a blog channel and
I've got any plans for it so everyone at
the same time it's going to be it's
going to be updated to to what I'm going
to be doing on my plans for for this
channel for the vlog channel so if
you've got half a brain cell you've
probably realized that I've changed the
name of this channel to mars bar vlog
yeah multiple blogs because you know the
mars bar vlogs what I do so yeah
multiple blogs and what my plan is with
this channel is to do videos on this
channel like every day and obviously you
know I know you too busy and i'm going
to do video daily but then you know
there's some people you know the
obviously those days in your life or you
sometimes you can't do it or sometimes
you know you can't blow because you
don't have put internet or bloody buddy
blah but stereo typically speaking i'm
going to try and do it daily and and i
want to talk about what these daily
videos are going to be about so they're
gonna be one cup vlogs and they're gonna
be pretty much in the same style yo as
this talking about maybe what I've done
in the day talking about a certain topic
that's on our minds talking but giving
you guys information about what's going
on giving you guys like look some stuff
in the background like how i edit my
videos and like behind the scenes of me
actually recording videos and other
stuff or the stuff like that and i also
wanted to do another really cool thing
and i was going to do this once a week
and it's like question-and-answer like a
QA but it's not it is where you guys
submit questions so what you do is if
you guys want to submit a question or so
I not a question a top
robber to talk about in a video and you
guys can get my thoughts on it so what I
think you guys you guys could do I think
will be the best way for those guys to
you know come together and you know get
this thing done and then you guys can
vote on the best topics is if you guys
in the comments section down below right
topic in capital letters and then put a
colon space and then your topic that you
want me to talk about and then I'll just
talk about the topics that look
interesting or I'll talk about the
topics that you know got the most likes
so make sure you read through the topics
if you guys are doing it you wanted to
talk about anything then make sure you
were drop it down there in the comments
section down below and call it like
topic Tuesday or something and we can I
don't know do it on Tuesdays and talk
about your guys topics and I think I
think that is really cool i think it's
fresh I thought of it myself i wasn't i
wasn't i was in bed last night i was
again p so can from how can i how can i
do this how can I make this vlog channel
work and just be different than other
people I feel like you know a lot of
people do QA zaidu q and A's on my main
channel but on this channel I feel like
if we do topic tuesdays we can actually
sit down talk about topic and I can get
like face to face and you guys can get
my opinions on you know on what what I
do in my opinions on your best topics
obviously so that is that that is what
is going on with this with this channel
I've customized my hover board if you
guys can see it actually says mars bar
and then it's got like loads of like
lines lines going down there i'm
actually going to I 55 this weekend I'm
going to be vlogging on the main channel
every single day because I'm like I'm a
blogger this isn't really a vlog it's a
vlog channel but it's a one-cup vlog
channel like my main channels about like
my actual life and stuff so don't get
that bigger those do things mixed up
let's move on to that topic now so I'm
obviously going to i-55 this weekend to
meet a lot of you guys that going so if
you are going I feel free to come up and
you know say hi to me and get photos and
I'd love to have a chat with you guys I
always let's chat with you guys and see
you see the actual awesome people that
are watching these videos it is it is
really really awesome to see you guys
IRL in real life and so yeah I'm going
to be vlogging all three days of that on
the main channel doing videos every day
hanging around with all the cool people
and just and just seeing how things go
down and show
guys what what the hell actually goes
down inside the event and and exactly
exactly that really because I know a lot
of you guys Congo or you know you from
different parts of the world and you
can't do and I get that so I'm going to
quit videos to show you guys my
experience at the event we should be
should be pretty cool now the main
channel is just going to be like videos
about like the setup videos about my
life and what I do and like daily day in
the lives daily day in the lives
literally that's what the main channel
is going to be but it's not going to be
like day day in the lives it's going
only gonna be days that are like
interesting if you get me so that's the
main channel and as far as the tech
channel is concerned I've actually got
my friends working full time will not
full time part time for the tech channel
who is paid on a fixed salary each month
and he is like the cameraman and second
editor of that channel me obviously
being the first editor it brings a few
cool ideas to the table which is
absolutely awesome and I want to rename
that channel from MV GT HD or Alex's
tech as it is right now to something
else I want to set that up as its own
brand like let's say for instance like
unbox therapy that is such a sick name
that is awesome something something
along the lines of like a totally
different name totally different to me
so the tech channel has its own brand
and obviously i'll still be like the
presenter of that but it's getting away
i want to take that chattering I love
doing technology videos I honestly
really do love it so if you guys could
think of a cool name I could name the
tech channel then I will do it and I'll
give you I'll give you I'll give you the
could edit so if you guys want to also
drop in the description I make sure you
tweet me as well if you want to get my
attention and make sure you tweet me if
you guys got any cool names or as I say
dot in the comment section for the tech
channel and that is pretty much it tech
channel videos are going to be ramped up
i'm going to doing daily videos on this
channel about a certain topic any topic
whatever topic and the main channels
going to stay as it has been for the
last three months that makes any sense
but yeah that's it that's it that's the
youtube channels and that's what i
wanted to talk about so guys you've
enjoyed this video then a light rating
will be much appreciated and yeah going
to be doing a lot more videos in this
channel so
look forward to that obviously a hard
way to the topic Tuesday's talk about
topic that you guys would be most
interested in be talking about and yeah
if the funny or stupid or offensive
towards me I still do it because it was
 hilarious anyway yeah that'll be
it for today guys management Alex you
guys have been awesome ain't been
educated and I'll see you soon Eddie
else and he stops I'm vlogging with a
big camera how do you stop it there we
go
