hello hey guys how you guys doing my
name is alex and welcome back from the
video on the blogs you blog to blog
channel let's talk about some stuff
right because because because recently
so this minute somebody's been something
some things on the youtube channel I've
been providing me with a lot of them
with a lot of entertainment if you like
and i wanna i want to get people's views
on this and although i want to talk
about it and and i want to sort of
getting an understanding as to what you
guys who are on the blog channel who are
part of you know my early subscribers
you know fifty thousand below think of
why I'm about to say or what is going on
so I'm going to sit down for a sixer so
recently I've by the way actually no and
I talked about at the end so recently
and what's been going down right this is
it bet in the comment section right so
as a lot of you guys know I had 50,000
subscribers everything was going fine I
was absolutely loving it and started
doing you know blogs every other day and
everything was awesome and then I
started to move house and I did the
video about why we got burgled which a
lot of people said was piqued no it
wasn't that was 100 you're too much and
then obviously moved house and I wanted
to make the best gaming setup an editing
work station I could I could make with
my money and what I ended up making was
three wall mounted screams the screams
of Cheaper shit like 120 pound each
amazon they're just 24 not even like
they're not even like 1440p the like
1080 panels so there's three of them I
don't have like a hundred pound
mechanical keyboard I've got a 60 pound
razer keyboard I've got a mionix mouse I
they even have a razer mouse mionix send
me that Mouse free of charge do a review
on my computer is about four four and a
half five years old now think I built
that computer back when I was 14 so one
thing is that this does not much going
on there really there's not much going
on there as regards to the setup so but
still I wanted to make some entertaining
content I know a lot of you guys like
setups you know who doesn't like
building a set up so then i did my
series called building the ultimate
gaming setup and there was three parts
to that series right and notice that
series blew the fuck up it blew up
didn't it week's episodes got like
300,000 views it blew up and it got me
another 50 odd thousand subscribers
which then pushed us to 100,000
subscribers which is a massive goal
thank you for that right but since I've
do I calmly put a finger on it but since
I've done this this you know this
three-part gaming building my ultimate
gaming setup people of thought I'm
trying to think of some comments I've
seen people of thought that I'm doing
I'm doing videos to sort of to sort of
to show off and say you know I've got
and I'm seeing a lot of comments today
that say you know mummy the mummy and
daddy are paying for for all of your
stuff why your mom and dad funding the
see you don't deserve it mummy and daddy
mummy and daddy mummy and fucking daddy
and and actually no I just want to dress
it and just say no that that has not the
case I actually pay my dad rent the
thing is a lot of you guys a lot of the
people that are hating or not I'm not
hating but thing you know movies going
to get all butthurt about it a lot of
you are very young and you don't
understand how the world works when you
grow up or when you become a door 18
years of age and theoretically when
you're 18 you shouldn't move out of your
parents
house but no I want to stay in there
because I'm going to be going to
university and that university that I'm
going to is really close to where I live
so what would be the point in me moving
out what I'm going to do is pay my dad
rent so I actually pay my dad to live in
his house so my dad asks money from me
to live in his house right and the
reason he does that is because I earn
over a certain amount of money so let me
go over what i do to earn my money and
how I earn everything so tell you what
mommy and daddy don't pay for jack shit
for a start my mom and dad have split up
so your comment makes no sense anyway I
only live with my dad and said so my
jobs right I run through YouTube
channels one of them has over 100,000
subscribers one of them has 30,000
subscribers and another one of them has
25,000 subscribers right that's my tech
channel my vlogging channel and my main
channel regrettably all three of those
channels turn over a lot of views and in
YouTube's Terms as a lot of you know who
do YouTube yourselves yourselves youtube
translate youtube views translate into
money so there's my first job I'm a
youtuber well done a lot of other people
are my second job now this is my main
money earn and my second job is I am a
videographer so with the camera i'm
using now the sony a7s I go out to
companies and I say you look like you
need a TV advert or you look like you
need a promotional video a lot of you
guys have you got my main channel and
type in angel coffeehouse you will see a
video I did for a coffee house in my
local town it was a promotional video
and they pay a lot of money for these
I'm talking a week's work you get 600
700 pounds for a promotional video I'm
currently working for a very large
company at the moment I'm not going to
dis disclose the name but they are a
kitchen fitting company and I am
charging them in excess of 1,000 pounds
for a video for cosmic for our video
okay so this is that this is what I do
this is my job this is what I do a lot
of you know this but the people that are
saying you know how do you afford it on
mommy and daddy you clearly don't know
what I do for a living you clearly don't
understand it I'm just us four chances
are miss fucking aching good so yeah I
wanted to just get your guys opinions on
I mean is it is it the way that I that I
come across is it the way that I come
across
is it I don't know what it is I just
tried to make videos that are
entertaining that people like to watch I
mean what would be the fun in me making
a video you know I just if I only had
like 11 11 monitor and I was doing my
ultimate gaming setup that doesn't
deserve the title as the ultimate gaming
setup does it I'm obviously you know if
I had if I had a little shitty
quadcopter you know that you know that
obviously if I'd like a little crappy
little quadcopter not the inspire 1 i'll
be making videos onyx it's just not
entertaining the reason i make it a bit
in video just because i think people are
going to enjoy them but then all I'm
seeing is people like you're just trying
to show off and now I'm just trying to
make entertaining videos I don't try to
show off like seriously that's the case
if people are going to keep saying it
then I'm just going to pack up shop
because I don't have time for it i'll
let you down I can go out I can go out
and I can i can stop youtube and with
the time that i currently devote to
youtube I can go out and I can get more
clients and I can do more promotional
videos yeah like other youtuber foot is
full of fun and all but recently the
comment section is but and this is this
is what tipped me over the edge right
yup loaded a video yesterday called the
last holiday right bear in mind this was
a package holiday we went on a package
holiday you don't know what one of those
is it's where you pay for everything in
one payment i think i paid 270 pounds to
stay in this place where I'm where I'm
at right now some back here my parents
were on another package holiday well i
wish i'm back here on my dad mom dad I
split up as you guys know and we'll pay
for another package holiday we went on a
jet to fly I think the flight was like
110 pound return and to stay here it's
like 70 pound a week so it was 170
pounds that's how much obviously we have
to buy food and stuff here um it was 170
pounds a lot of people are saying I bet
mummy and daddy paid for all of that you
obviously don't understand when you're
when you're 18 right if you've got a
good group of mates you will be going on
holiday with them you will be going on
that's what you do it's just what you do
I just don't understand I just don't I
can't get my head around some people
no obviously are you agree there was a
guy in that video called Adam and he's
one of my best mates he's an absolute
legend he's so funny but he just can't
the thing is without him he just
constantly takes the pits like
constantly takes the piss like he was
talking about my way like it was some
sort of God's piss or something a bottle
of my way is like 25 quid like I think
everyone just took Adam the wrong way
and everyone went a little bit mad that
when two dislikes on the video the two
hermes belts that those two boys but I
think there's a bit with her term as
belts in the fake that the home has
belts were fake they got them from the
market that there were three it's just
that he was just joking i see that some
people don't understand the joke or
whatever I don't care but it's my
youtube video I've made it you know to
entertain you guys and I was you know I
did like the f did like the autumn intro
and I thought you guys were going to
absolutely love it but it turns out that
people just pick the negatives out of
everything and i just- people i just
know i just hate them why be negative
why why but yeah anyway I'd love to get
your guys thoughts please hit me up on
Twitter or on Facebook or on Facebook
hex book please hit me up on Twitter or
in the comments section down below going
to reply to you guys in the comment
section down below I'd love to hear your
guys honest feedback about everything
I've been saying just just don't
understand the comments at the moment
I'm getting a lot of the same comments
none just though just don't get
understand the motive behind them so
yeah please let me know guys hope all of
you are having a fantastic summer and I
will be returning to the UK very soon to
continue with more videos oh one more
thing I've just secured with LG here's
another pointer justic you know LG the
company like LG little TVs and monitors
I've just secured to 34 inch curved
gaming monitors for the setups I'm going
to be getting rid of the three screens
and I'm going to be putting two curved
screens there instead so that's another
thing right if I this is well this is
what I was trying to talk about you know
LG have obviously said you know if we
give Alex see this is how it works no
tech reviewers unboxtherapy tldtoday
bloody
map mixing all these tech reviewers
companies send tech review as free
products because it's free advertising
for the company right so LG have sent me
these monitors free I haven't paid my
parents haven't paid lgr just sending
them to me right so I guarantee you when
I do this this video for LG when i'm
installing the monitors and you guys
actually love it because you love all
the technology and video still the weave
people in the Commerce in turn off if
mum we had a daughter a pay for that
monitor no I didn't even pay for them
now what they'll get it I find it so
funny but anyway yeah my name is not
popping often have you guys have a great
summer let me know anything in the
comment section down below and I'll see
you very shortly adios whoa
