I can't remember the last time I was
actually in the office this early in the
morning
it's 6:30 9 p.m. now and my train is in
seven minutes you know you're up early
when the last time you were probably up
this early was when he didn't go to
sleep get to London
so no you probably thinking yourself
Alex why are you in London and to be
honest I have no idea it's something to
do with mercedes-benz and Sony Xperia
it's got a break
keep everything in Alex what are you
actually doing today you just said
you're doing something with experior
Sony Xperia and the Mercedes banners
well to be honest I don't really know
yet all I know is that it's gonna be
really really fun and I'm currently in
Waterloo station just gotta burn
underground waiting to catch another
train which departs in about 25 minutes
I think today is gonna be awesome
it is early for you in the morning
coffee's not early you've got your telly
cuz I don't usually get up to like 11
bro I need to do
when I got there I can get up in this
bed successfully arrived guys at
mercedes-benz world let's see what's
going on inside so I think this is the
best way to demonstrate as what is going
on today so as you can see there is a
Sony TV here connected to a Sony
Playstation 4 with a racing game on it
and then as you can see right here we're
playing the game but it's not looking at
out of the scrubbers actually the Sony
Xperia phone is mounted to the
controller over your home Wi-Fi was the
Sony phones you can actually gain stream
the PlayStation 4 to your phones and
clean it up and they wanna watch to tell
me you still want to play some ps4 you
can just stream it straight to your
phone and we've even got the a.m. in the
people here know how to drive really
well teaching us how
see then after we've played some games
on the PlayStation pause and Sony
experience and been told how to properly
drive in a game by a proper racing
driver we're then going to actually take
some AMG's on a track which is what I
personally so there we go
that's the morning portion of the day
over and done with now I'm moving on to
the next thing and the final thing which
is actually going and driving some AMG's
which is really really cool and by the
way none of this is sponsored or
anything this is just all for fun so
apparently we're doing a few laps and I
get to drive an AMG which is absolutely
wicked and then once I'm doing the mg
and had a little bit of fun then an
expert drivers going to take me around
the track and he says he's gonna try and
make me scream but somehow I don't think
he's gonna be able to do
left again this way
now that now was like me
is dying right now
and there we go that is the day over
that was so much fun so guys today has
been absolutely awesome a village we
just got all the way home from London
check this out look at my Easy's they're
destroyed so obviously you guys know I
came to the office this morning to pick
up the boosted board and if you're an
avid vlog watcher of mine you'll know
that the reason I like to boost it ball
to the train stations number one for
convenience and number two so I don't
have to pay to park the car because it
cost 9 pounds every day I'm trying to
save some money
I always check the forecast and in the
forecast today didn't say it was gonna
rain at all but then we actually got
some snow if you've been living under a
rock it was all over Twitter snapchat
everywhere you look to people snapchat
and snow and mental that's obviously
melted and turned to ice therefore on
the booster board of the way back from
the train station but today has been
absolutely awesome being taught how to
drive in a simulated game by
professionals over Wi-Fi on a sony
xperia and then actually going out on
driving the AMG s around the track and
boy I absolutely lost it the guy loved
me one absolutely awesome day today's
beam I've really really enjoyed it
so just a quick gym sash
there we go guys all back home now it's
been an incredible and long day I was up
this morning at like 6:00 a.m. at the
office for half-past I genuinely love
this is something that one of you have
sent that is mental honestly guys thank
you so much for all the support like
without you I could not do this thing on
a daily basis like this doing this on a
daily basis legitimate I just wanna say
a massive thank you to like you guys
you're just all incredible like this
doing this daily vlog is difficult
enough as it is
and I couldn't couldn't do this without
your guys support challenging enough as
it is and your guys support as I have
your guys support really really helped
me seven athletic thank you for the for
the protein shaker that's sweet yeah
this is sweet some gym vests and some
this is awesome Alex hope you've well a
few of our staff watch your videos move
notice you're getting into Fitness more
recently and with therefore decided send
you some items to try out well Jamie CEO
of seven athletic thank you dude I
appreciate that a 7-up let ik on
Instagram go and follow them guys thank
you for the stuff that's a maze right
then guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's video here I really do hope you
have enjoyed it I was up super this
morning as I've said it's been a really
really really long day but I've really
enjoyed making this video for you guys
you know just another casual day in the
life of Alec guys if you missed
yesterday's vlog you can watch it here
and if you're not subscribed to this
daily vlogging channel you can click
right here got a main channel video
coming for you guys very soon for stay
tuned for that but for now guys I'll see
you in tomorrow's daily vlog I hope
you're okay stay awesome keep smiling
adios
