say hello hello right so guys what we're
going to be doing is well I'm here my
brother and do you want to show you what
to do with that go get 90 billion go get
the balloon over there but I think I so
may 18th recently apologize summed up a
hair or anything could be bothered got
really bad cold just come back from the
last holiday which is what I want to
talk about in this video but my brother
said he wanted to be in the video so I
thought I'll do some helium while I'm
here basically to cut this open with I
can use whatever this I'll do it my
teeth the big enough oh yeah already
watch this that it'll work what up hello
Jacob that sounds strange
hey Ella why I do it I'm Jane Jacobs are
so many ways
do I sound different and how much
different right guys I turn into a video
for the blog Channel
ah so right Jacob you can go now makes
and I need to talk I need to talk to
them I know some people don't do you
want to try it right now this is less if
I'm going to do it right so we need to
do with your mouth is going keep
something like that right can you do it
for a long time
can you suck in for a long time with
your mouth Jacob you go no keep going
right you ready for this then let me see
one find the hole the hole is that right
we need to do right that way ma'am
right it's math advanced okay now so no
it's okay it's okay it's okay
that's me speak to mom or something
Raisa guys how is everybody doing my
name's Alex and welcome to a video on
the vlog channel now able to practice
something practice something to start
with right let's have a look here but
I'm currently recording with this
massive camera they are recording with
this massive massive camera if you got
me there though I've got my I've got my
pedo zoom lens on so I can I can do my
videos with this massive camera but yeah
anyway I'm on manual focus I hope that
hopefully hopefully I can keep myself in
focus for the entirety of this video but
I wanted you to talk about that
obviously I've just come back from
holiday with the lads it was absolutely
mental and what I'm going to be doing is
as I talk to most of the people and
periscope about this yesterday but
wasn't be doing is doing like a video
every other day
today I'm gonna be doing a video for
every day with the cola day so it's
gonna be last holiday day 1 day 2 day 3
day 4 and then it's gonna be like a
finale video so I'm going to start
editing those tomorrow which is gonna be
pretty fun to edit looking back on all
this all the stuff a blur holiday that's
pretty much intoxicated the whole time
so I don't remember what the fuck
happened so yeah that's the thing
so that's the videos coming and
obviously that's that and I've obviously
resolved all the stuff with YouTube so
you think you guys know I was having
problems at YouTube I can probably show
you guys right now probably best
opportunity music laugh because I'm
probably gonna get a copyright strike
well I can show you guys now look if I
go to the Creator studio actually I
won't show you guys yet so might be some
information that I can't show oh here we
go
so my YouTube I have my YouTube on the
black setting just because I like it a
little bit well let me get some zoom in
on here so I can get the focus right so
as you can see here my account is now in
good standing it was always in good
standing well this is what this is what
happened my account was always I've
never had bad standing on my count I've
always had good standing right but my
monetization got taken away from me so I
wasn't allowed to put ads on my videos
and obviously and obviously YouTube is
my main job so and me not getting money
for my videos I wasn't allowed you know
if I'm not earning money for my videos
that means that I can't put money into
making the videos better because I don't
have any income like so I've been having
to go out and find external work for
clients obviously you guys know I've
been working for miles media my own
company doing doing work for that
recently and I've had to like really
smash that because I haven't been
getting any money from YouTube so I
haven't been able to make youtube videos
as much it over the last up two months
and I've had to work for my company and
do a lot more work just to sustain
myself and and you know carry on with
this YouTube thing of us it wouldn't
have been possible so yeah I lost
monetization I also lost longer videos
so that was the problem with part
through the setup I couldn't upload it
because YouTube wouldn't let me upload
videos over 15 minutes long and part
three is over 15 minutes long so it's
just you know ridiculous artists
let me upload it it was just stupid and
I wanted to upload the final part and
it's like 18 minutes long and I couldn't
have load it but obviously I know it's
all about who you know like literally
for us to tell you guys one thing in
this world it's all about the people
that you know in the contacts that you
have so this come is so heavy so if you
can try and build up some freakin
contacts and get some people because I
know a lot of people have helped me out
big shout out to Jack from it's only a
big shout out to casual UK big shout out
to all those over the fucking people
that have helped me shout out to party
as well absolute legend I think he was
the one that actually resolved this
whole issue for me see I must say thank
you to the whole team of people I had I
had working for me trying to get this
resolved with finally there now and just
a quick message for you guys never join
the network fullscreen they're horrible
don't join the network fullscreen join X
only I'll put a link in the description
I'm not getting paid to say that or
anything just I've just joined X earlier
now like personally just joined XO Nia
and they treat have been treating me
just absolutely awesome so so yes that
is that and pretty much that's pretty
much all the news I'm gonna tell you so
good news really oh yeah I also got
three three distinctions in my college
I've finished college obviously and now
got three distinctions in my college in
my college work which is absolutely
awesome here's a Belvedere buffle which
is about as big as my whole entire body
which I brought back from Spain they're
about five hundred euros which is about
three hundred pounds which is about six
hundred dollars trying to do my currency
conversion to all the people around the
world see how we bought that in the club
and drank that with some very fine
ladies and this is pretty much it I'm
starting out all my stuff at the moment
I've got loads of stuff here which I'm
just trying to sort
hopefully open in focus this entire time
this might watch by the way a lot of
people been asking me you know why I got
my 18th I got my dad won't with this
this watch it so I don't if you guys
know watches very well but it's a tag
heuer take you air you want to say it
partially but I don't really like I
don't really like to wear it because I'm
not a showy person like I'm showing I'm
show it to you guys on YouTube cuz I
know you got the whole point about my
youtube is so you guys can see you know
the setup and everything you guys can
see the setup in the hoverboard and all
the things that I do with the setup but
you know when I go into town
with my real-life friends and still
obviously I don't get how they give it
to my present moms I'm not hey Sara I've
got all this amazing freaking stuff the
only reason I threw it to you is because
I know you guys enjoy it and that's what
my youtube channel is about the
technology and and everything about
technologies and stuff so that's why you
know I'm not obviously tell you guys in
the vlog Channel why I got my birthday
obviously my 18th I've got me that watch
which was absolutely awesome the other
thing I need to tell you guys is that my
vlogging camera this one the canon g7x
while I was filming on holiday for you
guys I dropped this thing what the hell
is that noise I dropped this bad boy in
the pool so that bad boy does now not
work the lens that stuck out it's like
an erect camera which just doesn't work
so yeah that's such a such a waste of
like 400 pounds weld and Alex go going
back to what I mean about the
monetization with YouTube lobby stuff
like that now I need to buy a new camera
just to make youtube videos and I wasn't
earning any money from YouTube so it was
really difficult to do it and obviously
now I'm gonna start ending one from
yuechu but it's the same up for a new
camera glitch I've been holding the
camera like that as entire time I
apologize what that there's like a
spider going over though anyway yeah I'm
good I'm gonna leave it there I'm going
out now to go and do some more work for
Mars media going to go film a as a it's
like a daytime party at there is that
this pub down the road and they want me
to go and film for them with the drones
I'm gonna get my drone out there and go
go film for them and hopefully get some
little bit of cash in hand so I can buy
a freaking camera and other than that
everyone's doing fine I've given you
guys a lot of good news and talked with
helium hopefully that's entertaining
enough I'll see you guys soon
hate to turn off this massive camera I'm
gonna I'm gonna turn it off this way
ready three two one actually wait whoa
whoa part three the setup will be coming
tomorrow on Sunday okay love you guys
bye turn this thing off how do you do it
