welcome guys to another video yet we're
back on the vlog channel and and how is
everyone how are you today how is
everyone right I figured out that in
this room if you come in here look right
and I closed the door and literally
let's move these clothes here move these
clothes side to side how good is the
audio in here let this is literally what
I sound like the audio quality is so
good so what I'm going to come and do
any any light audio recording I'm going
to come and do it in here just like move
my clothes to the side closely the
clothes like dampen the vibrations and
stuff but yeah I'm not sitting he'll sit
here and vlog for a bit because it's
been my birthday for the last well I
sales been with their motives on one
date is a birthday duh but for the last
like three days I've been celebrating
massively because some 18th and if you
don't know an 18th birthday is it is a
big is a big ting it's a very big oh ok
ok the lightest motion sensors if I walk
over here should come on yeah alright
got make its quick make this video quick
before the knives turn down actually
I'll turn them I gettin turned up and
yes we guys that know an 18th birthday
is you see a big one if you haven't
turned 18 yet and you're turning 18
obviously then you will know that well
what you guys do your own tint is a big
one you need to make it special and the
reason I what I wanted to do my teens I
wanted to make sure I spent it with all
of my family and all of my friends I got
to say all my family and all my friends
and I got to do that which was
absolutely awesome and the icing on the
cake was that I got to spend it with you
guys which is absolutely awesome you
guys love how the hell do you spend your
eighteenth with those guys well what I
did was on the my birthday was on the
second of july so on the first of july
twelve o'clock i was live streaming over
on twitch.tv and we had like a thousand
people watching which is absolutely
insane so I got to turn 18 live on
twitch with you guys which was
absolutely amazing and I thank everyone
for joining me on that live streaming
session now updates updates again still
no further on the channel so part three
is no closer to wear it wear what you
know coming out i'm still trying to work
things out
just bear with and secondly hell is that
and said and secondly what what is
secondly way secondly Jenna what
secondly wasn't i was gonna talk about
not uploading on the main channel ya
humping uploading obviously because it
was made team on thursday i live
streamed Wednesday night and I was a
went out thursday night went out Friday
night I've got home Saturday night and
now we're on sunday and and I haven't
written the main channel since Monday
and you guys know Alex wood when the
hell are we getting an upload and I'm
currently just i want i'm wanting to do
a video of f of sort of a lot like me in
the youtube channel and then how I've
grown and what's happened since since
you know since since me growing on
youtube and and and different bits and
bobs like that so I'm going to put that
together which is which which is what
i'm going to do which is gonna be the
next video I'm gonna start recording
that now and hopefully get that up
tomorrow which is absolutely awesome
comments off early tennis rackets all
I'm going on holiday very shortly and
lights play tennis when on my way so
yeah that's the thing and yet partly the
cell I'll show you guys what's going on
with the cell not much as nothing's
changed actually about a valid one thing
to it one thing has been added right
that's a good white balance one thing
has been added to the set up and it is
this bottle of my way this is a magnum
bottle now a bottle of normal bottle of
champagne is half the size of this so
this is next to a macbook pro this is a
macbook pro it's taller than the mac
hopefully that gives you a little bit
look there's my speakers they're
freaking massive speakers it's a massive
bottles what I'm trying to say there's
two bottles of champagne in this one
bottle that's how big it is pretty much
that is the new addition to the sale by
is what I bought on my 18th birthday for
me my friends to drink and it was like
150 quid so yeah that's what happened my
teeth was absolutely awesome i got
beyond drunk put a picture on instagram
for you guys actually think check out
and but yeah absolutely awesome
everything's everything's cool and I've
had such an awesome time and get to
spend it with everyone and that was what
I wanted I just wanted to be able to
spend my birthday with everyone that was
what was the whole point of it and that
was what I wanted to do
that was like my main goal and I managed
to do that which is absolutely awesome
and so yeah that's little update video
you guys been asking what's going on and
I felt like a traditional on the vlog
channel a bit will be the best just to
come and give you guys a little bit
little bit of an update as to what's
going on now I'm going to start working
on a video i might as well get my camera
stuff out now i'm gonna start working on
like a video for the main channel i'm
just going to be SAT here just talking
about a few things a few bits and bobs
needed to my tripod of a microphone and
stuff but yeah other than that
everything everything's going well
everything is absolutely fine going on
hold a very shortly i'm going to talk
about this like me I'm lit on the other
video and which is which is absolutely
cool so I'm gonna go and do I'm gonna
get that video recorded now you guys you
guys bear with me I'm gonna get this
video recorded and it should be up book
tomorrow so I hope you guys had a good
weekend let me know we've been up two
down down there in the comment section
down below bought this new shirt
actually yesterday was in the sale for
like fifty pound down from 80 source
like that's an absolute bargain I'm
having that and so so yeah that is the
right is it that is what is been going
down I'm gonna record this video now and
and I will yeah I'll put video up on the
main channel tomorrow and tell you guys
what's going down but I hope you guys
have a good weekend let me know we've
been doing conversation down below and
as always mine is no I she got up an
awesome i'll see you in my next video I
know
