yo guys how is everybody doing we've got
some echo in here I'm really apologized
about going to close my door for a sec
juicy music it's probably very annoying
let's try and prop this camera ops and
where can I put it like that now is too
much ma'am that's to live this isn't
good I need to do my hair right now so
I'm going to do my hair I spent on gas
video a vlog channel I'm actually
recording a video of the main channel
today i always give you guys an update
on what's going on with the main channel
because you guys probably know had some
 haven't blown in the last week
right there's been a lot of that's
happened with me in the main she want me
in the main channel yet and she's have
with me in the main channel very much
youtube seem to really hate me well i do
i just don't understand why you guys
know less about the phone to go not last
year 4 months ago this year the channel
got taken down from and it had me in the
Marty prank refer all of you guys really
ruin upset and what's going on i'm in a
month later you know didn't tell me
anything I month later it just comes
back up run by that I nobody made a new
channel so yeah I'd already made a new
channel by that I mean obviously I was
going to go back to Mars because I
flashes I'm sure I'm the Mars girl I was
just how we do it like it yeah I've had
a cheeky trip a lot of you guys were
will come weigh-in on my last Instagram
post about it you guys Alec your hair
looking sick see ya hopefully
guys I'm trying to quite short sides and
back which looks really cool I'm like
that look at the moment I think it's in
but yeah today I've got a really cool
video I'm doing on the main channel so
you guys need to make sure you're
checking out my instagram because that's
just fashionable you guys yesterday my
instagram is like a secret a secret
Bible a secret brightness what's going
on on the main channel you know what I
mean everything else in my life I'm sure
you guys something which is going to be
loud it's going to be loud headphone
users warning out of humor and are we
here in Japan but I'm obsessed guys I'm
obsessed with this song or is it he gone
everybody's on I love that so much
anyway so today guys what I'm doing is
well this vlog is probably going to be I
don't look at this blog before you guys
will see this vlog before the main video
what I'm going to do is I'm going to go
in the car I'm going to take Google
glass I'm going to take my blogging
camera and I'm gonna take the the call
the call board now you guys will Alex do
more videos on on the board do more
videos on the brigade so yeah will I
well that's what i'm going to do and i'm
going to take google glass and i'm going
to do a video on combining google glass
with this board and seeing and seeing
what we can do I might actually i might
actually wait would it be cool if i
could like put a GoPro on this so you
could like see a floor perspective of
what the thing can see where's Margo
price we've got a GoPro here Oh for the
memory card in it do it there we go
right so maybe if I sort of somehow
mounted the GoPro someone on board and
if I could do it on akkabarr Wow yeah I
could do it on the back there just
looking forward would that be sick
option oaks it's gonna be annoying on
there i think a calm oh and build to see
anything that's a bit too close to the
floor though for aims down i think i
prefer to do it on here i think so if I
mount the GoPro on their use google
glass on my head and use the blog camera
to record it's going to be like how many
cameras can you fit on this board so
let's do it and I'm gonna go and call
that video now but yeah it's worth you
guys an update on the main channel
what's going on and I open
I've been keeping it as some sort of
like not a secret from you guys but I
haven't been telling you guys actually
you know what's been what's been you
know what the problem is and I think I
think that if you go obviously you guys
respect respect my decisions with the
channel anthias Lee you know I always
say it's our channel or the channels are
our channels not my channels our
channels because you give you guys went
hey wouldn't be a channel it would just
be a shithole so I feel like part of me
feels like a need to tell you guys what
what the problems are that boy off em
but I don't I don't I don't I don't feel
like that's necessary all you guys need
to know is there's a problem right
that's stopping me from uploading the
part three of the set up the set of
project I know you guys been asking for
it so it's stopping me from uploading
that and it's significant that I stopped
me from uploading any any laughs any
videos that are over 15 minutes so I
carb load any videos at over 15 minutes
and it's stopping something else which
I've forgotten it's stopping loads of
other stuff as well so it's stopping it
stopping me from putting Anna this is
how stupid it is right I'm not allowed
to put annotations on videos so you know
like the end screen where I say click
here you know at the end of the video
its got like a screen and it says click
here to watch the previous video well I
can put that screening but I won't be
able to annotate it because my
annotation annotate anything right and I
don't know why this is happening I don't
have any copyright strikes having good
standing I don't have any of any
copyright strikes I don't have any
Content ID claims if you go on my
YouTube manager everything's in good
standing right everything every all much
I've got two green lights good standing
good standing there's nothing that's bad
and I haven't had any email saying that
it's going to be so that's you know it's
going to be you usually YouTube sent you
an email saying you know we're going to
disable your annotations because you've
done this and you've done that haven't
any of those emails I haven't had any
other email saying you know you think
you're not allowed to upload videos on
the 15 minutes anymore I haven't had any
emails so I've been speaking to a few
people and I'm really fought I'm gonna
really fortunate position of knowing
knowing some really cool people now one
of those people i'm going to mention
it's casual UK casual isn't absolutely
also i'm going to refer to miss Liam
because I see him I see him more as a
friend than
and if anything else but over the last
sort of over the last sort of two weeks
I've been getting close to with Liam and
and and I'm actually doing a giveaway
with him right now everyone Twitter and
things like that we're doing a giveaway
he sorted out this board he's told me
about the awesome company that sells it
sells these boards in the UK and my
first board was actually faulty so and
he was like a mat hehe that really
helped me get you know you contacted the
company was like yo my friends you sent
my friend aboard and it's broken and
then I've got a new board now so now I
can start making videos on it which is
absolutely awesome and Liam's Liam told
me about this guy who's really good I'm
not going to mention his name to share
but this guy that this guy is really
good with like YouTube and stuff and he
knows his stuff about getting around
YouTube and he knows a lot of people
actually in YouTube light in the
backgrounds of YouTube so what he's
going to do is like speak to them for me
next week next Wednesday I think it has
got a meeting so hopefully by next
Wednesday you guys should have part 3 of
the ultimate setup hopefully if that
makes sense it was a long time away but
I'm going to make some cool videos in
between now and then so yeah about
that's what we stood right now guys this
is a state of the youtube channel and
how things are heading right now so
hopefully that's good for you guys make
free of talked about it enough and you
guys to see me like zooming about my
board on the Seaboard little to call
this thing guys what should we call this
thing tell me in the comment section
down below yeah tell me a comment
section down below because i want to put
whenever i go on this board in a video i
want to put it in the title because i
think they're really cool but I don't
know what they're called like there's so
many different names what what would you
guys you know what we'll name do you if
I put it in the title what would you
guys think I meant by this like what's
the mortgage you guys call this pretty
much yeah you guys let me in the comment
section hope you've enjoyed today's
video if you have a lightweight will be
much appreciated and i'll see you in my
next break in the video which would be
tomorrow the main channel so yeah oh boy
