market hello hello vlog channel how are
you guys doing my name is of course
Andrew and today welcome back to a video
the lodger I'm my name is obvious
naranja my name's alex you guys know
that I thought I thought what I do right
I thought but you know because I man you
know becomes an awesome youtuber the
gates of open someone's coming back you
know because I'm an awesome youtuber and
I haven't played it on this channel in
about a month i thought i'd make a video
because i'm just awesome you know I mean
I'm just such a good youtuber you know
like most youtubers like upload videos
every day I don't blow videos every
month this so good isn't it I'm so I've
let myself down I've let them I've let
me down I'm like my family down I've let
you guys down thing is guys with this
with the vlogging channel it's better I
haven't loaded in a while and when I
explain why because everything's been
going mental on the main channel we are
now at 66,000 66 and a half thousand
subscribers which is fairly fairly
amazing and I i just did I just don't
feel like I deserve that at all and it's
making me quite worried actually it's
making me worried and it's making me
it's making me feel because I feel
like I feel like I don't deserve that
number I feel like I really don't
deserve that number I feel like the
effort that I put in does not deserve
that many subscribers and
obviously I put my all into my youtube
videos but I don't think it's enough I
don't think I can physically do this I
don't think it's gonna really upset me
not having you know not not having you
guys always there and not like there was
a stage in YouTube what I individually
knew some of my subscribers names and
you guys will talk them into it like I
still do now I still know some of you
guys on Twitter people that constantly
talk to me and constantly comment on the
videos I still know a lot of you but
like it's getting too much and it's
scary man it's scary and I'm gonna start
doing videos in this channel a lot more
but I'm going to start doing them from
my phone because it's really easy to do
from my phone so what I can let you do
is when I'm out and about I can lick
sure this workout video on the rug
channel and show you guys some cool
black behind the scenes stuff so this is
behind scenes I'm currently filling up
the pond right now I put the filter on
so it's like really green and horrible
at the moment and she is like a mustard
green horrible thing so hopefully
hopefully that ends up getting sorted
out sometime soon hopefully me putting
the filter on source out it's been doing
that today hands are a bit dirty but
yeah we're 66 and a half thousand
subscribers right now nice absolutely
absolutely incredible absolutely
incredible weather is absolutely
incredible Jesus Christ that happened
quick and so yeah thank you to everyone
knew and obviously and obviously
nothing's going to change nothing's
going to change I'm not gonna change
anything the cooking of going
subscribers stuff is going to stay
exactly the same as it always has been
and we're going to Karen doing vlogs and
stuff and an update on the twitch and
stuff feel like I should mention that my
internet just isn't good enough at the
moment like i can i'll do a speedtest
i'll do a live speed test right now i
should know that if i can now i can't i
can't because i'm uploading i'm
uploading it's on cities got 10 minutes
remaining a Carlos free test the
positive speed test I would probably get
about 80 ping 80 ping which is bad i'll
probably get 20 meg down and about 5
mega which you guys like yeah alex you
can stream on them no you can't because
that's probably the best it would be but
sometimes the upload dropped to like one
meg and then the stream will then
stutter so I've phoned up my internet
people and they said it's going to be
sorted out within the next one and a
half weeks so give it one on a half
weeks and i 100% and definitely be
streaming so that's an update to the to
be streaming going to get straight back
screaming every night i did do a test
with my green screen you guys know that
a green the greatest one of those
screams is very green down there and it
just looks just a little rubbish like I
prefer I prefer to have like I prefer to
just not have a green screening because
I think it has more character to the
live stream if you get what I mean like
if you don't have a Grinch Grinch people
can I get a feel for the surroundings
and stuff so yeah other than that I'm
sort of worried about my subscriber
count in a good way but I just be
careful because it sort of as well as me
being on absolutely awesome that's an
amazing map that's an amazing number I'm
and it's worrying me because this is a
lot of people and like if I do something
that upsets anyone right now I would
lenovo I'll do that intentionally but
you guys think I mean it's like you've
got you I like bear in mind that like
this is this is like
this isn't you I probably sound like a
twat because I'm not used to this this
is this isn't for this isn't for me I
don't deserve it and it annoys me that
I've got it because I know that I know
out there there's a lot of people that
make like super amazing content but like
I'm still 17 man and it's crazy and I
thank everyone like so much um but yeah
I need to just get get my head on top of
things and get everything nailed so with
that said I'm gonna end this video guys
forget anything to let me know if you
want to tell me then hit me up on
Twitter or in the comments in number
logos and hopefully people still okay
and I want you guys have a good weekend
and I'll see you guys very shortly can
you guys see that there's an Illuminati
sign on my window you guys you got you
can I can lick I can literally I can't
see it on the camera I can barely make
it out with my own eyes you could
probably can't see it anyway hola I'll
see you guys very soon adios
