yo guys how are you all doing my name is
alex as you guys very well know and this
is my vlog channel now I've literally
just sat down and attempted to record a
video right here in the old setup and
with with this width sofa and the a7s
right here trying to get a cool video
for you guys and why did a video on the
main channel pretty much just saying I
hope everyone's okay everyone's doing
alright open buddy likes the videos
what's going on the thing is I like to
do videos like a video like once every
month just to check in with you guys on
the main channel to see if everything's
going okay and make sure all of you guys
are make sure all of you guys are are
doing ok and you'll you know follow me
on Twitter lme thin and all you guys are
in with all the social stuff that we
have going on on the channel and just to
make sure everything's okay just have a
little chat with you guys so i sat down
i recorded it and I came to editing it
and I've got to sat down editing it and
I was just like I was just like I was
just like this is like this is just
 like what this video is not benefit
it's like it's like it's not
entertaining like I like to upload
entertaining content and I like to think
to myself whenever I'm editing a video
I'm just like with someone genuinely sit
down and watch this or are they gonna
just click off it and if I think
someone's going to click off it then I
just won't I just won't do it and that's
where i'm at right now and I really
excited what I just wanted to sort of
get your guys opinion on the vlog
channel because the thing I like about
the vogue channel is I can just upload
whatever and you guys either click it or
you don't and then that's it whatever
it's cool but with the main channel it's
a little bit more like and need to
be careful what I upload on that because
if it's not good people are gonna get
pissy and I don't like that but I would
never upload crap I'd never upload crap
content anyway just wouldn't do I
wouldn't want to make something rubbish
so sort of you I do I just don't know
what I'm trying to say like I don't know
I don't know I just wanted to do a video
to make sure that everyone was in
loop with them and everyone's okay but
it was just boring so why did what i
could do is sit down and just have it
just have a think and see and see what's
going on and see see if everyone's see
if i was doing all right and i'm going
to do that on here so make sure all you
guys are okay make sure you guys apollo
men on my social media it's all down
there in the description and stuff you
guys know that a date so you guys that
so yeah a lot of you guys been asking
about the live streams as well Alex
where are the live streams you haven't
live stream in like a week you said you
were gonna do it and it's pissing me the
 off well let me show you guys what
I'm currently doing right now okay oh
okay my laptop's decided today there we
go what's this oh that's a freaking si
yeah i'm doing an essay i know i put a
tweet out yesterday twitter and i was
like guys yes burnley finish college I
can now crack on with all my YouTube
stuff and everything's going to be cool
but no that's not really the case I
handed in my final major project on
Friday and that is pretty much my last
project for college but there's like
another now two weeks where we can
resubmit work that we didn't do well in
or we think we can do better winter you
can actually resubmit work like previous
resubmitted work you can resubmit it and
do it better so the next two weeks i'm
trying to make sure all of my work is at
one-hundred percent and I've resubmit
the things that I didn't get a good
grade on and things like that because
you guys don't try to get into
University and stuff and you need these
grades to get into University otherwise
I'm just I'm just not going to do it and
as Dickey as it sounds like like I don't
know what I'm gonna do it myself if I
don't go to university like what what
the hell if i don't go to university I'm
gonna have to go and get a job like I
don't put any ads on my youtube videos I
earn money from you guys donating on
twitch and stuff that's like the pretty
much done you guys subscribing on Twitch
I was pretty much the only money I earn
is through twitch through me live
streaming on twitch and the donations
are what you guys like I don't put ads
on my twitch either you guys donate to
me which I really hundred percent
appreciate which is actually awesome you
guys to subscribe or absolutely awesome
so thank you guys for the donations but
I means I'm gonna have to get a job and
and am I I would never work for someone
else I wouldn't do it I wouldn't get
anything I don't know what I don't know
what I would do myself I wouldn't get
out of a job I just wouldn't do it I
just wouldn't do it I couldn't work for
someone else you know am I saying that I
always say you know if you want to work
for someone else and help yourself but
you wouldn't really be helping yourself
because you'll be helping somebody else
see what I mean like how i would have to
sort of crack on with my Mars media and
stuff which and I'm at college and I get
quite a lot of work through that but
probly after college I could probably do
Mars media and sustain income for me but
I don't know I don't know I'm just I'm
just a little bit like at the moment you
know if you guys ever had that in life
when you just like you didn't want to do
that's why I'm at right now I'm just
worried okay so I'm gonna get my college
work done over the next two weeks hope
you guys are all all cool with that and
you're sticking around if you guys want
me to do like a sit-down video here and
you will watch it and you will make sure
you know just like a video for me to
make sure everyone's okay and just like
a catch-up video and stuff you guys want
to do that then let me know let me know
in this comments section this video and
I'll put that together for you guys if
you guys let me know and you guys want
that then let me know let me know how I
can make that funny as well I don't know
how can make like a catch-up video funny
or entertaining so let me know and i'll
see you guys in my next my next sort of
video I suppose yeah cheers guys howdy
else no matter
