hello hello hello hello hello hello
hello how's everybody doing my name is
Alex and I am now Australian I'm joking
guys welcome back to another vlog now I
saw whites do an aftermath video of what
happened yesterday because I've been
having a lot of questions so I'm gonna
do is actually going to go on to the
comments section and read out a few
cheeky little things right now the first
stuff which might show you guys here
I've got my live streaming software open
right here and I'm doing a very very
long livestream tonight so by the time
you see this I will probably be
live-streaming I'm live-streaming from
6:30 p.m. tonight till about eleven
o'clock so which is about five hours of
live streaming so if you guys want to
join then I'll put a link to my twitch
in the description
come along to follow it interact in a
comedic ask questions so we can place
them place them I think we I think we do
a play I think gonna do some think I'm
gonna do some minecraft vanilla hardcore
taking it back because I haven't played
it in a while and I want to get back
into it and I lifted it with you guys so
that's what I'm gonna be doing tonight
but anyway I'm going to go into a video
if you guys don't know what happened
pretty much what happened to the other
days I got burbles my house got burgled
while I was in it making making a
YouTube video now if you haven't watched
if you haven't watched this video on my
main channel this one this one right
right here this bad boy it says I got
robbed doors making YouTube video if you
haven't watched this video then I highly
recommend you watch it right now before
watching the rest of this because what
I'm going to do is I'm gonna scroll down
to the comment section and read off a
few comments that you guys that you guys
have said now one would do what I found
the I thought this was a really cool
idea and I thought this was a really
cool idea to sort of do like on this
channel
read the comments from the main channel
and sort of interact with you guys and
and and talk to you guys about what
happened and see in original comments
and answer them because I think it
should but something's a little bit more
personal and it's something to use this
channel for as well so as long as you
guys Namba live streaming tonight if you
want to join the twitch link is in the
description 6:30 p.m. GMT which is
English time to about eleven o'clock
tonight to make sure make sure you come
along guys I'd really really appreciate
it so pretty much every single every
single freaking comment like 9 gives out
of the comments
people saying you know people saying and
holy fuck man you're gonna be okay dude
I feel so sorry for you dude oh my god I
hope everything is okay and they get
caught so you guys are just you guys are
just freaking you guys are just freaking
going Hamlet you guys are just like
absolutely awesome props to these three
here there's a load more people that
said that said they said sort of I hope
you're doing I'd be doing be doing all
right
what about everything is absolutely fine
we've just had back from the insurance
company today the insurance company have
said to us that we're gonna get all the
stuff back I mean they stole some
watches some cameras and some money
we're gonna get all of that back so we
are not in essence I'm looking it I'm
looking at it this way we got robbed
I made a freaking awesome video from it
and we're getting all of the stuff back
so in my eyes as much as it is a loss
and as much as it is quite scared scary
and weird I think it's quite cool
because you guys have had like a
first-hand experience of what happens
when you get robbed unable to make a
video on it we've got everything back
everything's back to normal the
insurance company said they're going to
cover everything which is cool cool cool
so let's just read a few of these foods
drinking comments now a few people one
of the comments this guy Matthew Acosta
right a property I read I really like
his comment is his comment was was was
really really really good and he said
pretty much that I need to be more
careful with the stuff that I put on
YouTube and he is he's 100% correct he
said he said to me he's be more careful
with what you put on YouTube by your
YouTube videos I know I know
like where you park when you go to
college I know like how you commute to
college I mercy Drive I know pretty much
where you live I pretty much know you
know the layout of your house you guys
know I've done a house tour and in my
eyes the robbery that happened in the
day was totally unrelated totally
unrelated to YouTube in my eyes because
the robbers came into the house and
looking at the way that they came around
the house and how they did their
business
it was very unrelated they didn't know
what they were looking for they just
went into a master bedroom hoping to
find a safe they went in they went into
they opened up all my parents drawers
all all my parents covers hoping that
they would find a safe that they could
probably still now my parents don't keep
their safe in
in their bedroom that's not where they
know that I'm not going to disclose
where I keep them I do I keep my safe in
there but now I've moved it around to my
new house so you guys can't find it
anyway and yes if there's any like
fucking robbers when to come on to my
house we can get my safe yeah it wasn't
that not anymore dickheads haha and so
yet note that they opened to pull all
the cupboards trying to get into a safe
but that doesn't keep it safe in there
I'm not gonna tell you guys what that
keeps is safe but it's not in his
cupboards and they just opened up all
the drawers hoping to find some sort of
jewelry and something looking something
they could get some money for they even
went into the spare bedroom my dad keeps
all of his squash stuff because my dad
plays a lot of squash in a lot of sport
and all tennis and and he does a lot
sport gets running he like likes sport
and in the spare bedrooms
he just keeps all of his um all of his
like or in the spare room sorry he just
keeps all of his like gym stuff and they
went through all of his gym stuff hoping
it was so unorganized and just literally
ran into the house opened up all the
drawers see what they could find if they
could find any watches they took a
mythical family jewelry they took them
it wasn't organized in my eyes and the
police that it wasn't organized because
I said to them you know obviously I do
YouTube I've got house tours on YouTube
and stuff do you reckon you know there's
nothing I don't think you know they
thought oh my god we could go to this
guy house and still steal all this shit
it was it was totally unorganized it
totally unorganized now we've got a
we've got a company coming around
tomorrow whose name is company company's
name
I'm not going to disclose and but we are
we are moving we are moving house
obviously in the next sort of but we're
in the process of moving house right now
but but it's taking is taking time we're
slowly moving stuff around as you can
see like at the top of my units and
stuff I don't have stuff up there we
used to have stuff up there and all this
stuff's like a mess all my my camera
stuff so that half micah half on my
stuff is at the new house and half of my
stuff is at this house but we're having
a company come around and they are
installing like a proper because I told
you guys we do have security cameras
here but the ones I set up in are not
very good so we're having a company come
around tomorrow actually Monday no not
tomorrow Monday and they're going to
come they're going to come around and
they're putting a 16 channel camera
system all around this house and then
they're going to go to the new house and
put a 16 channel camera system all
around that house as well and they're
also going to be being be enabling at
the new house the police alarm
you guys like Alex what the hell is the
police alarm now this house already has
the police alarm enabled and pretty much
what the police alarm does is that when
you set your alarm you guys know when
you when you leave the house and when
there's no one in it you set an alarm
don't you and our alarm the police alarm
you can pretty much guess what it does
as soon as someone comes in the house of
the alarm goes off the police come
around it brings the police straightaway
as soon as the detector detects motion
inside the house it sets the alarm off
and the police come straight round and
we even set that alarm at night now so
when we go to bed at night we set the we
set the night alarm so you know all the
sensors are on downstairs and as soon as
one of those sensors goes off you know
it contacts the police and the police
come straight round within about two
minutes you guys saw how quick the
frickin police come around is crazy and
they're going to enable but at the new
house as well so even though we're not
living there at the moment we still want
to have peace of mind you know with the
16 camera camera channel system a
security system put in there and and the
police alarm so even though we're not
living there and a half of my stuff is
around there so the alarm is always on
so as soon as someone you know triggers
want to triggers one of the alarms the
police go straight round there in about
two minutes flat and everything's and
hopefully most the time it's happened
before like the alarms go off like
accident and police come around and like
yeah there's no one in the house we'll
just turn turn the alarm off and reset
and so yeah that's that's like that's
like the security steps to take and it's
obviously it's um it's obviously like
overkill like not many people do that
but now we've been robbed two times two
times in the last four years first time
they stole car keys and stole off with
the cars but we know we know who someone
tipped them off about it because if we
had a cleaner back then and they tipped
them off as to where we kept the car
keys and stuff and so yeah all that was
resolved but this was literally just
because that the bit of been doing
houses down the road down the down.i
road the road that we live on they hit
house down there as well they got into a
house dollars and stuff down there and
they've also done another house in the
middle of my town they're just hitting
on random houses that you know look like
they've got like expensive stuff in them
and and just going in and taking stuff
so it's just totally unorganized and
just totally ridiculous and I think it's
I think it's really sad and I I feel
rather sorry for the full of people that
have to make a living off going into
people's houses and see it stealing
things I
think I just I just think I just sit
down and I think to myself I would not
want to be that person man I would not
want to be I feel so sorry for them I
feel so I feel really sorry for them but
at the same time if I ever saw if I ever
saw one of them I've literally tape or
two fingers and put them in his eye
sockets so yeah other than that that's
spend today as long as the aftermath of
what's going on and everything's
everything's going fine
you guys want to enter my giveaway then
you can do I'll travel a link in the
description um but yeah make sure you
guys during the livestream tonight when
I see you guys but you want to see you
guys that really I really want to see
you guys there so that's pretty much it
I think yeah that's it - Blake's you
guys feel awesome I'll see you guys in
my next video say bye hair flicky thing
wherever the hell that is
bye bye guys
