do you guys remember going growing like
cress when you were younger like in in
primary school my brother growing this
right now and I remember doing it as
well it was just like a blast from the
past I from memory lane and I like
remember I remember doing it growing
cress in school now Jacobs doing it
which is just just really weird but
welcome guys to another vlog I haven't
forgotten about you I haven't forgotten
I swear to God I haven't forgotten about
this channel how people have been saying
Alex what is going on with the vlogging
channel now you do vlogs on the main
channel and what is going to happen to
the vlogging channel and hello let's say
hi to the cap sale on Miller oh hello
hello Molly we are doing materia when
you're doing why you're annoyed why
you're doing well let's focus on you
what are you doing boy order anyway yes
if people have been saying like what
what's going on with the vlog channel
and I'm going to try to explain what's
going on with to you guys okay i'm gonna
try to explain it best I can but it's
it's currently I think it's wednesday is
wednesday today and i am like super
super ill like look at me in the mirror
this is this is what I'm wearing just a
white top a white top and freaking
joggers and I haven't been to the gym in
like in like four days now I'm just ill
I've got massive like last night I was
in the shower last night I was like I
was leaning up against the shower wall
like this I should trying i promise i
thought i was going to pass out in the
shower and then what's wrong with me but
my might my throat really hurts have got
a massive headache I've got loads of
work on not like work work I'll it's got
there's a college work on and I mostly
YouTube and the and things like that but
this is this is what's going on with the
rock channel okay so this is what's
going to happen I'm going to continue to
do videos on the vlog channel like this
so amusing g7x obviously because this
what's the point in using my phone when
I've got a Jew 7x so I'm going to use
juice over next to recorder to record of
logs for the vlog channel and these
videos on the vlog channel are going to
be just like videos like this unedited
just uploaded straight from the camera
and i'm going to show you guys like I
don't know just say snippets of
information like safe something's going
on or something interesting is happening
I will do it on this block channel
just want to or just want to talk to you
guys that will do it on on this blog
channel you guys can tell I'm really
really really freaking ill right now but
yes that's what's going to happen and
then obviously on the main channel we've
got the main vlogs like they're not
vlogs I don't have to call them logs the
called my series is called video logs
because they're sort of documenting my
life on the main channel that's what
that channels about and obviously we do
gaming and stuff three times a week on
Twitch you guys know couldn't live
stream last night because the same
reason I'm ill I couldn't sit there in
live stream like feeling like I am now
like I'm gonna have to cook this vlog in
a minute because i feel just finished
quick crap look I was taking this last
night night nurse why does this camera
not freaking focus when you wanted to
focus on that may look night nurse there
so yeah I was taking taking that last
night hopefully thinking it was going to
make me better for today but it didn't
did absolutely nothing still feel
absolutely awful so I am I am just
playing playing about to death in a bit
of college work I've been playing about
with my new el gato that I'll gotta
stand out to me and I've got to el gato
under here to give away for you guys so
if you guys are if you guys missed the
giveaway yesterday head over to my
Twitter I'll put a link in the
description of this video and you guys
can can check out my giveaway which I'm
doing good there to our guys and you
guys could enter it so you missed that
yesterday i'll put that in the
description but yeah that's that's
pretty much what's going on I'm just I'm
just ill I'm constantly tired I went to
bed last night about twelve o'clock and
i didn't wake up to twelve o'clock so i
had a full 12 out of sleep today and I
just feel I just feel crowd feel shit I
just feel awful well I'm not what I'm
not wild sure I've try my best to I'm
not one to sort of think are in a
negative situation let's just sit down
and dope around and do nothing I'll try
my best to to make the most of it like
to now I'm at home i'm like stuck i
should be at college right now what
should be in lincoln rubber obvious i
can't go some ill but because I'm at
home I'm going to try my best to get my
college project edited because I'm here
I'm going to try my best so I have to
give away plan a few YouTube videos
while I'm at home so I'm sort of using
mytouch still using my time like
what the fuck was that guys shit you not
guys please tell me you heard that all
of the fucking together ever heard in my
life what the fuck shit what that please
tell me you guys heard that I'm shitting
bricks right now there's like freaking
loads of voices I'm not shitting you I'm
genuinely not something you make I'm
fucking shitting it am I fucking
hallucinating or something um I'm
actually shitting it what was that
what the fuck okay I'm going to end this
shit now I'm going to end this vlog
because I need to figure out what the
hell that was what please tell me you
guys heard that please tell me you guys
heard that anyway yeah I'm ill and
that's what's happening on the two
channels anyway so behind the scenes
stuff on this channel video logs on the
main channel tech videos on the tech
channel and gameplay is live on twitch
Tuesdays Fridays and Sundays okay I'm
going to go hope you guys have enjoyed
and and peace
