so I've literally just woken up actually
let's do that again
it's a ricer hey guys what's going on my
name is onyx and I've just woken up and
I've got a feeling got a feeling so this
downstairs
let's take a look we've got a box we've
got a box who guarded box
finally if this is what I think it is I
ordered it over over a week ago today
about a week ago week ago okay
so let's let me just let me just unbox
it let's unbox it together guys actually
no that's not that's not unbox it I'm
just gonna tell you guys what it is I've
got to talk about a few things so here's
a little box gonna rip rip this open
right right now oh okay there we go
there we go there we go
rip just flip this bad boy oh there we
go okay I'm obviously not strong enough
to do this but welcome to yes guys it's
finally finally arrived I've got the
army of that actually no these are my
two cameras now so we've got the sony
a7s they're sony a7s and we've got the
canon powershot g7x how sick is that so
if you guys don't know what's going on
other than me losing my voice which what
the hell is going up there we go
you guys said no I got I got this card
from my subscriber the other day and it
was in the middle of me doing a video so
it was actually awesome I got to put it
in the video which was sick if you guys
want to catch that video it's it's on
the main channel on my main channel on
Mars ball gaming and I have little to
vlog on there right but it was it was an
all day vlog it was pretty much it was
practically a watered down day in the
life like you guys know Casey nice day
you guys know that I'm trying to sort of
get
vibe and put it across in my videos
because I like the vibe he gives up it's
a good vibe it's positive
all of these subscribers get energy
boosts from it he inspires people and
that's what I want to do and I think I
can do that very well so I had a crack
at making a vlog like KC nice nap but I
was obviously using my phone's camera
and I don't want to do that I don't want
to do that so I did that vlog on the
main channel as a bit of a test it's
called cards from subscribers I think
that blog is a bit of a test and you
guys reacted absolutely awesomely to let
me just let me just log on to my
computer now I just log on here you guys
that's got on Windows 8 as well my
bloody password and there we go right so
I'm logging on
cuz I set up my sick isn't it look at
that frigate it looks even cooler on
camera then then why does thumbnail
right there so thumbnail let me get let
me take a photo with that ready there we
go so let me just log on to to my
YouTube channel and let's just see what
you guys said because I read a comment
yesterday and it said awesome video Alex
but this is a this is that this is a
vlog this is a vlog should it not be on
the vlog Channel and I'll just think
it's obviously it didn't watch the last
video I didn't on the vlog Channel
because the last video I did on the on
the vlog Channel was a video of me
saying that I'm gonna be vlogging now on
the main channel but they're not gonna
be vlogs I'm still gonna do vlogs on
this channel have locks like this that
one edited one one-shot vlogs and behind
the scenes sort of stuff but on the main
channel we're going to do like loads of
loads of these loads of these major
vlogs like edited ones so this is a
level of my channel here let's have a
look together 3,000 views in 15 hours
now that is a that is pretty good going
that is pretty good going so look at
that look at that I'm happy with that it
was uploaded less than 24 hours ago and
we've got three thousand about three
thousand seven hundred views so let's
read some of these comments that you
guys have put on video if it decides to
load in earlier another awesome video
I'll keep up the good work bro Thank You
aunt eight-game I really appreciate it
man love the videos great video man nice
video Alex wish I could tell you I
randomly invited an xbox hike on guys
a 50k see your guys okay so my my
morning alarm decided to go off
obviously don't mean woken up but yeah
you guys are absolutely loving the major
vlogs and a major major main channel on
on the Mars bar channel obviously the
well-edited if you guys can look at this
look so we've got like a video log and
then it says episode 1 so they're gonna
be look as of video logs that I'm gonna
be doing probably every other day just
documenting my life and I'm just gonna
do it and hopefully you guys are gonna
enjoy it and we'll get a whole load of
other than new people who are the new
like subscribers and stuff from it and
it'll be absolutely freaking awesome so
yeah that's that's pretty much that's
pretty much what's going down right now
that's pretty much that's pretty much
what is going down and obviously I'm
still gonna be going if you guys still
obviously enjoy the gaming I'm live on
Twitch three times a week so that's
Tuesdays Fridays and Sundays so you guys
can come look forward to the overdue GTA
minecraft Call of Duty loads and loads
and loads of stuff so that it's freaking
awesome I'm really happy with the
direction of the channel and I feel like
I feel like we're sort of controlled now
and I feel like we've got obviously the
tech channel on which I'm just about to
record a video of the of the g7x to the
tech channel so hopefully you guys are
gonna be there for that and hopefully
enjoy that but yeah I'm gonna go and get
the tech channel video made for this and
I will see you guys over on the tech
channel and probably in another vlog
very shortly so yeah almost alive
Chivington eyes Friday is it Friday
today is it Friday today
yeah it's Friday today so I'm gonna be
live-streaming tonight so make sure
you're around on Twitch around 8 7 or 8
p.m. tonight so we can play some GTA
together and and impose moves see I
might as well as you could have been
awesome and I'll see you in my next my
next video adios
