yeah
yeah
man with the spoken words music you like
it all right so hey guys what's going on
my name is Alex and today we're trying
out a vlog with Google glass on how
awesome is this so you guys can see what
what I'm looking at while I'm driving as
I said this is like next-level this is
like next-level so I've got my phone
there got the glasses on there's an m3
in front of us right there's an m3 right
there you know what m3 is they're pretty
fast cars listen if we can keep up with
this keys not going that fast to be fair
I had that car I would be going very
fast
relax thumbs up zoom they're really fast
but yes guys welcome back to another
vlog I want to give you guys an example
of of what the videos are going to be
like on the main channel when I get when
I get the when I get my new vlogging
camera you know that this the intro to
that but there's that and as the m3
let's overtake him let's go busting
let's get past the m3 look at it
bye bye m3 sick so yeah that's what the
videos are going to be like for the main
chat we're gonna have like a really cool
intro and some text and stuff a lot like
KC nice day I'm trying to go for his
sort of style and feel of video because
I really like the vibe that he gives off
and I think I can give off the same vibe
no no I know there's gonna be people
like Alex you copying your coffee
because I good people at the moment and
I like their like Alex Alex you're just
copying Joe Weller and I'm like I'm not
copying it me and Joe well are very
similar in what we do and how we act
like me and Joe Weller
I've spoken to Joe Weller I'm friends
with him a lot higher Allah spoke to him
in in VIP
insomnia for a while we DJ together for
Christ's sake
so no way am i copying Joe Aiello's just
that we are very similar we get on very
well in real life and yeah like Joe is
come Joey's very self conscious and I'm
very self conscious but me and Joe are
very good at hiding it and coming across
as if we're is if we're quite cocky and
and got massive balls but realistically
we don't whistle quite scared if you get
well if you think that if that makes
sense if that makes sense because I live
my life on a sort of rule but that I
live my life on a sort of rubber if
you're scared or if you frightened or if
you self-conscious don't act like it
acts strong have to be strong because no
one can tell the difference to get what
I mean that no one can tell the
difference do you guys get that like
that don't see there's no there's no
point in acting scared because people
will take the piss and you won't come
across like you won't come across strong
you need to come across strong lady why
don't you want to be strong you want to
be bold you want to stand out so come
across that way even if you're not come
across because no one else can tell the
difference that's what I say to myself
anyway but yeah this is this is a car
vlog with Google glass on how awesome is
this like Google glass is lagging now so
I hope this is how this is working fine
if it's not that I'll go be annoyed it's
really stirring on the glass biopics
we're hoping it's recording really
look at that mini that is cool is look
at that that is awesome
I sick so yeah this is this is this is
what vloggers are going to be like from
now on on this channel and on the main
channel we're gonna do like we're gonna
do like the intros and stuff so the
intro that you saw at the start of this
I'm going to get to college round we're
gonna edit it hopefully it comes out
really well but yeah we'll talk about
twitch for a second because you guys
were I was banging on about twitch again
he's banging on about twitch but I just
want to say thank you to the 500 people
500 people that weigh-in yesterday
stream guys that is some guys from court
okay why did he plays tic TOCs on what
is what is okay okay we have a traffic
jam ladies and gentlemen we have a
traffic jam here we have a traffic jam
all dear oh dear oh no oh dear this is
not good the roundabout is about a mile
down there and we have stopped well I
suppose I can vlog now and you guys can
probably hear me a little bit better but
yeah just say thank you for the absolute
awesome support and done we're a few
noobs come in last night
and I was speaking to my friend Niall
and he said that that's what twitch is
all about twitch is all about like the
noobs in the chat and the people that
come in and take the piss and oh it's
guys indicating online game gone and got
yourself in and and and people came in
and they were like oh house old house
all daddy's money treating you or
something like that and I was just like
I was just I just ripped into him I was
like me I'm not gonna take your and
then he was like well why do you have
donations turned on then what why'd you
do donations and I don't do donations
I put donations there but if people want
to donate I'm not saying I never say I
never say guys donate I'm not going to
stream well I could go a stream with no
donations and just cool a stream
as many times as I want to stream at
still carry on a stream and I don't give
a do you guys want donate if you
guys donate that is totally your choice
totally your choice and yes I'm so
grateful that you guys donate in stream
I pretty have pretty much every streamer
house donations turned on if you if you
could show me a streamer streamer that
doesn't do donations actually probably
could see a stream mother doesn't do
donations but there's a sub button
people ask you to subscribe on Twitter I
don't have a sub bun yeah so people can
subscribe to me but when you subscribe
someone and twitchy you're paying them
on you so it's pretty much like you're
donating towards them but the thing is
the money I get from the streams goes
towards making the streams better so I
can get like better lighting but at the
moment I've got one softbox and half my
face is leveled so I need to buy some
more lighting hopefully that'll change
when we move to the new house and that s
etc but that's why this is an example
like I can make bet I can make better
content better videos it's like why do I
put ads on my videos on YouTube it's so
I can get money and make the content
better well I've just bought a new
camera that's only AR 787's sorry
and that's something about 2,000 pounds
where the hell are we gonna get that
money from you know I mean like I don't
work I don't know I don't I don't thing
is if I did work I wouldn't have time to
do this and be awesome with you guys
interact with all of you guys so so um
so yeah but let me know let me know what
what were your guys thoughts are on the
thing is I don't like patreon campaigns
are pushing it in my eyes patreon
campaigns are pushing it a little bit
but stream donations and YouTube ads
that's perfectly fine in my eyes because
that's just how people make a living
like yeah but you've got to you've got
to put food on the table you've got a
week and you've got a we're gonna put
fuel in my car or got to get to college
and cetera et cetera
gotta have equipment like this I've just
bought a new camera still I'm using my
phone to do this you guys can see my
phone you can probably see me right
there
but soon that'll be a good camera that
would be the Canon a no what is it the
canon g7x right they're recording and
it'll look freakin awesome um so yeah
but that's that's pretty much that's
pretty much that's pretty much what's
been going to my mind laughter last
matter that guy I came in I know I'm
probably overreacting to what you said
like y'all know you guys are totally
cool go on and get over going
yes sir I don't say thank you then
 knob oh yeah I forgot you guys
can see what you guys can see what's
going on can you guys see how the back
mirror is well you guys can use my
mirrors look when I look at my mirrors
you guys can freakin see what I'm saying
in the mirrors how sick is that so yeah
that's pretty much today's vlog topic
and let me know if you guys are looking
forward to the main vlogs on the main
channel they're gonna be like Dane the
lives but every single day but like
watered down like Casey nice stuff as
you guys have said is a disaster Chico
sorry Casey nice stuff and I know people
gonna say are you copying him but it's
not the sort of it that he does vlogs do
I want to do vlog so if that's copying
him well so be it like I want to do what
I want to do and what I want to do is
the same style as Casey nice done so if
I want to do that then I will I will
goddamn do it so yeah that
that's that's that I'm gonna get myself
to college now I've got half an hour to
get there but it's traffic's awful so
I'm probably gonna be late
you guys have haven't really seen much
because if it's dougie friggin chammak
weather than that I'm gonna head off to
college and I will catch you guys in
another vlog hopefully my g7x comes
tomorrow it wasn't to come today I'll
put a tweet out on Twitter
DPD text me now unfortunately we can't
get your parcel to you today and I was
at oh that's great I didn't really want
it anyway DPD is so stupid but
unfortunately we didn't get your parcel
I'm like really
okay well offs I'm sorry I just take
your time you take take your
toast like I wanted it anyway
and God come on man anyway yeah that's
pretty much today's vlog topic guys
you're upset keep smiling tweet me if
you've got any issues and we'll have a
chat and yes as you guys already know my
name's Alex and you guys happily and
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video adios
