yoyoyo world internet and everybody else
how's everyone doing
shaky blog today on the blog Channel
I've got a few things I need to tell you
guys really I'm gonna get up in my room
and turn my music down because it's
really loud give me a sec give me a sec
there we go that's better I'd only get
done for copyright anymore I don't get
fucked over by YouTube anymore anyway
yes they welcome back to to a vlog on
the blog channel I'm gonna get some
clothes on right now so just give me a
sec so there we go looking fresh it's
like I don't know what the time is I
think it's about let's look on here it's
about eleven thirty three you've just
got over just had a shower just some
breakfast
last night I tidied the room a little
bit the room the man cave was getting a
little bit dirty so I've tied it up a
little bit everything's looking
everything's looking love about it
because this place was getting a tip I
got so much shit love oh I've got like
but like loads of stuff over here
all technology stuff loads of booze my
bags are down there I tidied all of my
camera stuff up I'm just put tweet out
it's gonna be like a video today and you
guys are like on Twitter so yeah here is
all my camera stuff those of glorious
a7s so today I'm doing a video obviously
on here because I want to tell you guys
about some stuff and I want to tell you
how things are gonna be changing with me
I'm gonna do like a proper video on the
main channel about what's coming for
50,000 subscribers on that channel etc
as if you're etc but here is that I'm
gonna do a video also on the tech
channel of this bad boy which is which
is the googly glass and I might just for
the lulz
I might just for the lulz do this for
you guys so you go you guys really
really really enjoyed the dual
perspective last time didn't you really
enjoyed it so let's see if I can get
this to work again the don't these
things are dead or not I think they've
been in charge all knives they shouldn't
be dead
let me see if I can star them up okay no
now they're shooting down okay a little
little up and shut down and then I'll
stop and back up again but yeah I'm
gonna be doing a video on on the on the
technology channel about the Google
glass today so there's so many questions
Alex what's it like Alex but your glass
owner is it also MIT are they are they
really cool what are they like should I
pick some up Alex why do you invest it
into a discontinued product I'm going to
go over everything every
you know about why I bought them and
like a full review just for the people
that have glass to sort of get insight
it's always like to wear it and I'm not
going to try and with text channel I've
got 70 products covered Fraser I've
signed a deal with a Logitech I've
signed a deal with tp-link I've signed a
deal with net duma wish you guys we
don't know tp-link and that damn a
tp-link reaper or in the UK and there
are networking company and net do are
awesome my mate blue will be hook me up
with them pretty much I've called up my
salon will start streaming we're gonna
probably get DDoS while we're streaming
and they were like yeah we're gonna hook
you up with this free Rooter pretty much
the Rooter is absolutely insane so it
replaces you'll ruin your house and why
doesn't it blocks or ddossing stuff I'm
save you playing a game like Call of
Duty what you can do is you can actually
go into the route settings and tell it
if you only want to be matched with
players like wherever you are so I'm in
the United Kingdom I could tell the
router to only match me with players or
only find games in the United Kingdom
we're gonna sort of I don't know 500
kilometer radius of me so it knows where
you are and it can only connect you to
people within that radius so you're not
you're not like in the UK and connecting
to people in the US and getting really
bad ping times do you get what I mean
hopefully understand so the video I'm
not should be coming soon they're
sending the how I think tomorrow so
hopefully that should be here but this
is the major thing alright this is the
major thing one thing has arrived this
is stuff that I bought myself this you
probably like Alex what is this it's got
a tripod head on it and it's got a
handle and you PO like what is this it
looks like a some sort of grenades type
type malarkey pretty much what this does
is you put a camera on it and you can
hold it and you guys probably Alex why
the hell have you bought that and why
have you bought this piece of shit well
it's not a piece of shit right because
this is going to be holding my Canon a7x
I think that's what it's called
I think that's what it's called a 7x the
cannon the cannon vlogging camera there
every every every every man every
youtuber and his dog uses I've just
bought one they're really expensive but
I'm gonna start vlogging guys and I
don't know if you guys know Casey Casey
nice that he's got a YouTube channel
he's probably got I don't know I think
he's got like a million million and half
subscribers and it does like daily vlogs
on there but they're professional and
they've all got music behind and they're
not like
these videos they like proper proper
vlogs like day in the lives every day
what he does and I know all of you guys
like they in the lives so what I'm gonna
do is with that camera I'm gonna start
properly doing vlogs like proper vlogs
like day in the lives with the g7x
with that grip so I can hold it on the
main channel and probably put those out
every other day and then on the main
channel also gonna do the main videos
like like with the with the a7 with the
a7 s with the with the set and stuff and
obviously you guys I know you guys want
to see all the stuff to do with the new
room so all of that is going to be going
on the main channel tech channel is
staying as is I'm doing a review for the
Google glass today and all the products
that I'm getting from companies I'm
gonna be doing reviews on the tech
channel and on here this channel is
gonna be about all the behind the scenes
stuff so like like videos like this like
me talking to you guys me asking you
guys you guys opinions and showing you
guys what I'm up to you behind the
scenes so I think that's a really good
combination things might I've got some
had a tweet of the day and it was like
Alex you've got so many snapchat of
character got so many each if accounts
is pissing me off pissing me the fuck
off I don't know what's going on you've
got so many everything's and I'm just
like yeah I know I apologize Brooke
Stevie I'm just gonna leave Brookes TV
out for now Brooke Stevie's like just
pretend Brooke Stevie's at my brush TV
was an absolute fail right because
because YouTube gave him a mars bar a
cab back right Brooke Stevie was meant
to replace Mars bar but now I've got
Mars bar back so I don't know what I
don't know what to do that's something
that's definitely the thumbnail anyway
and yeah so so Brookes TV is sort of
like a back up back up back up back up
channel but this is pretty much a backup
channel because all you guys are here
but Brookes TV is like a proper backup
chat like it just like another channel
just like a massive full back channel so
yeah that's the thing so I'll go over it
one more time this video this channels
gonna be like behind the scenes and
stuff MB GT is technology videos doing a
video on Google glass today and Mars bar
is gonna be like daily day in the lives
and professional videos and my twitch
right this is what I want to move onto
now twitch dot freakin TV now I did a
livestream two days ago right two days
ago which was which was Friday and we
had about three we maxed our about 310
viewers in that stream and I was playing
and we were all Chang and I was doing
Q&A
and playing dead rising and you guys
absolutely enjoyed it the view retention
rate on Twitch is absolutely insane you
guys joined and you kept stay you guys
can like donate you can follow and all
your like notifications come on on the
stream so everyone sees your name if you
like follow me on Twitch certain you
guys can donate and you guys were
donating to me and it was absolutely
incredible it was just it was just
insane so I'm leaving under the
livestream tonight I'm trying to get a
twitch partnership which would be
absolutely awesome if I could get that
I've asked that I've asked already to
give me a partnership and they were like
nope you know either stream somewhere we
don't have evidence the we don't only
give you this partnership and then you
don't going to stream so I need to
stream some more for them to give me the
partnership if that makes any sense
whatsoever so definitely make sure you
go over and follow me on Twitch links
are in the description I'm going to be
live-streaming tonight around let me
know what time actually but yes so that
that's twitch ovum definitely make sure
you get someone be doing a load of stuff
on Twitch like a load of stuff on Twitch
so make sure you
you go you go and follow me on to issues
some press of play but promise me okay
promise me you're gonna follow me on
Twitch so this pretty girl so the last
thing it is my DJI phantom alright here
is the Phantom but and I've muddied this
thing so much like it's got custom
decals decals on it it's got the factory
HD HD 3d is emu's gimbal on it it's got
I've got a 2.4 gigahertz controller and
a 5 gigahertz controller under my bed
there's a GoPro on here I've got phat
sharks so what I was thinking of doing
was selling all of this selling all of
this right and then and then buying the
phantom the Phantom 3 then the new
phantom getting the professional Edition
now other than if you guys are into
drones and you've sort of been like
following the drone scene at the moment
but the phantom 3 looks absolutely
awesome I heard you guys are gonna check
it out but I wanted to know if you guys
would if you guys would like would like
me to would like me to sell this and get
the Phantom freak 3 and do some videos
at the Phantom free the Phantom 3 and do
loads of videos on it so I don't know
let's get another thumbnail so yeah that
is something I need to leave in your
guy's hands but I've got the money to do
it if I sell that it will probably cost
me like another hundred pounds to get
the
fountain 3 which which isn't a lot
because the phantom 3 looks absolutely
awesome so if you guys would like me to
pick up new loads of cinematic videos
with the phantom 3 then please let me
know down there in the comments section
down below and I hope you guys are all
all okay with we'd like the channel
changes and and and everything else I'm
gonna upload this video now I usually
upload all of my videos at 6 p.m. but
I've got a video on the tech channel
today a video on the main channel today
and this video so I'm gonna upload this
video now get it edited upload it now on
the blog channel so you guys are ready
for tonight's videos and tonight's live
stream and then I can talk about the
comments section in this video in the
live stream tonight about the drone so
as I've said definitely make sure you
follow me on Twitch links are in the
description if you'd have a twitch
account just make one just please make
one because then you can comment on the
stream and interact with it that's the
whole point we can we can talk and
interact so you need to make a torch
account follow me on Twitch and that is
that is that is it that is it that is it
pretty much okay okay this one's been
going on too long now and I'm gonna I'm
gonna cut it here we're like over 10
minutes which is insane in the membrane
so guys I'll see you in my next vlog
into your lava to vlog I should know and
I'll see you the next technology video
and nvg video tonight and the stream
tonight
