it's just you good morning guys how we
all doing my name is of course ice guys
welcome back to another daily as you
guys can see by the title of the video I
already know what I'm going to be doing
in today's vlog cuz I had the question
so often Alex how do you run things Alex
how do you were in the business that
don't think later on guys we're gonna
shoot ourselves down to the office and
just have a sit-down chat about business
and what I do and how I do think but
we'll talk more about that a little bit
later I know exactly what this is for
and we go guys now the wireless router
in the back of my car is powered on with
the one cigarette light support as well
as my wireless charger working like a
dream
look at that but he's absolutely lovely
and there's also some lights around the
tree so guys the main reason I wanted to
talk about business today with you guys
there's number one of the main reason
because you guys never shut up about it
it's always about Alex how do you stay
motivated to do business how how to do
what you do have it and number two next
week I've actually got another
promotional video that I'm shooting
myself to guys let's take this bad boy
out and see what we can do
I don't even know if you guys will be
able to fathom how cold it is out here
it's freezing I hope I got some good
shots guys I might dedicate a portion of
it today's vlog to talking about a
certain topic that's a certain topic
that a lot of people can find quite
touchy and I'm going to try and make
this not as touchies it possibly could
be but that is making money and how I do
it and starting a business
well I've touched on the vlog I've done
a whole video on how I sell internet to
people that's one of my things that I do
and then I actually run a production
company where I send people out like
filmmakers to go out in people's shops
or whatever they were filming wedding
videos and then I get the editor to edit
it and I'm just sort of the middleman
you guys have seen that recently have
struggled to find filmmakers and I've
done something recently for a shop in my
local town called Mustangs as well as a
gym called back a tongue twister phos
way crossfit that's it that's the gym
and those are two separate companies my
media company the crows the promotional
videos does the wedding videos is called
Mars media and my wireless company that
sells wireless internet is called
appropriately Mars media Wireless pretty
simple
so I'll start out with the most recent
one the one that's taking up a lot of my
time at at the moment it's what I do on
a day-to-day basis mainly other than
film this vlog is my wireless company
now why did I start that it all starts
with the idea because I was thinking to
myself how can I earn money while sat at
home actually sat there not doing
anything about physically not touching a
computer how can i generate money by
just not doing anything and I've seen
this advert all over the internet you
know where people are like you can make
a quick bit of money doing this and
there's actually a thing called that
don't be fooled campaign is to raise
awareness because I was one of those
people that was sucked into one of these
campaigns or almost going to be sucked
in to one of these campaigns I think
there's a few I can make money there
telling me I can sit however would make
a thousand dollars a day like what that
sounds mental do as I say I saw these
adverts all the time online and they're
like you can make thousand dollars a day
and I looked more into this and it was
pretty much companies wanting you to
move money into your bank account and
then move money them into a different
bank account and it was really
complicated and then you are allowed to
keep a little bit essentially it's
really really illegal it's called being
a money mule okay so online it says here
a money mule is someone who is asked by
a third party to receive money into
their bank account and transfer it into
somebody else's bank account keeping
some of the cash for themselves so again
physically not to leave home and you're
only money sounds great doesn't it well
it's not this money is usually
fraudulent funds if you are a money mule
you're involved in money laundering
which is a crime and not knowing that
it's a crime is no excuse do you guys
know at the moment I've just bought a
house and I need to get a mortgage on
that house and you know I have a phone
contract and different things like that
so if you are caught being a money mule
doing money laundering and all these
different things you will find it very
difficult in the future to get things
like phone contracts or contracts for
anything or mortgages or finance like
you will struggle to go to university
because you won't be able to get a
student loan like this thing is serious
your bank account will be closed and
you'll find it very difficult to open up
a new bank account like it's literally
just not even worth it so guys please
don't go down this black hole that I
almost once entered before I heard about
the don't be fooled campaign because
it's serious stuff so please for the
love of God just be careful when you see
these adverts and things to look out for
online or the adverts to be like poorly
written in like bad English so with all
of this out the way I then thought to
myself how can I make money by myself at
home and I thought what do people want I
wanted to do something that people would
want great a product that people want
does that make sense that's what was
going through my mind what do people
want and I thought around me the
Internet's rubbish people want better
internet I'm gonna give them better
internet so I thought of what my
products was gonna be second thing was
the execution how am I gonna get
internet to their house now I created a
video about this about how I actually do
it or Pierce if you're gonna go and
watch that that would be awesome
but essentially I'd be like a really
powerful internet connection to my house
wirelessly and then beam it all to my
neighbor's wirelessly - and I have some
people that get internet with me that
are like 4 miles away and some people
that are literally my next-door name and
as I say it's essentially earning money
in your sleep because once I've gone and
set them up and they're receiving
internet from me they then pay me per
month for the internet I can go on
holiday in like Barbados or something
and the money's still coming in do you
get what I mean that was what I wanted
to do that was what I've always wanted
to set up and it's a thing called
recurring income so I can buy all of
these nice headphones and watches and
they just don't work from Apple and then
get really annoyed because everything
breaks which is why I work very hard for
my money and I get very annoyed when
things break and if you want to set up
your own company really really really
easy to do so do a quick google search
if you're in england its use the gov
website and you can sell your own
company get it registered and it's
really really simple honestly don't
think just go
so that means that guys setup e-business
go out there and get some clients and
they always say do work for free to
start with build up a little bit of a
portfolio portfolio something that you
can show people you can present the
people and say this is what I'm capable
of this is what I can do really show
yourself off give yourself the
confidence and the way I do that with
the wireless stuff is by offering people
a 30 day money back guarantee so people
know that if they're not happy with the
service they've got the money back gives
the customer satisfaction remember guys
the customer is always right and they
are the person that you the and the
other person that you want to please so
always put them first they are number
one priority rather than guys flying the
drone earlier was absolutely awesome
it's been a long long time since I took
that beast out in the and I really hope
I cleared up a little more
well I sail to talk about business but
then I actually talked about a mistake
that I almost made with the don't be
fooled stuff and the money mewling and
hopefully you guys may or may not have
learned a little bit of a lesson from
that learn from my mistake but I want to
let you guys know something this it's
all working as you guys know I did a
video about it a while back two days ago
I brought a dodgy USB hub and it blew up
my whole computer so I've just installed
a brand new one I bought on Amazon and
not gonna tell you guys anything until
I've tested it and it doesn't blow
anything up because I'm just really
worried about this now so that's under
the desk
I'm hitting it all the way it's all on
everything is looking sweet it works
headset stand is on computer have you
blown it hasn't blown up I think noise
I'm gonna go ahead and end today's daily
vlog here be a different one today
because as you guys know we usually get
up to mental things on the vlog but I
thought I'd talk about business today
about it on Twitter and everything but
never forget any more questions our
whistling people - this here video but
for now guys my name's Ben Alex you guys
have been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling miss yesterday's video guys you
can click right here to watch that if
you're not subscribed to click right
here too
do just that I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog adios
