then dance dare right slow hey guys
what's going on my name is Alex and what
have I got on my face other than other
than other than ugliness welt on my face
is an ugliness and what is my hair doing
what's it for anyway what's on my face
google glasses on my face are you ready
for this this is the new way to vlog
right we've got some things to go over
this video but when a toy you guys won't
come in we've got a couple got google
glass go but fringle glutes what i can
do now you ready are you ready for this
are you ready for this tell me if
another vlog has done this before
because i doubt they have are you ready
you ready ok glass record a video oh
look at that guys look at it look look
look we're vlogging and you guys can see
what i can see and that's pretty much it
us that's it that's that's pretty much
it you guys can see what but anyway that
is sick isn't it so imagine imagine car
vlogs like this where you can see the
road in the top corner and what I'm
looking at and you can also see me and
that's so awesome it's so awesome so yes
I caved in I bought google glass at I 54
now I love you may ask Alex why vball
google glass Alex it's a lot of money
Alex why have you invested into a
discontinued product and yes good class
is discontinued but those numerous
reasons as to why I've invested in it
out I'm gonna try and do or try and put
together rather a full sort of video on
the tech channel he cannot subscribe to
attention on links in the description
eze but yeah I'm going to render a video
on the tension of what Google glass is
about but yeah google acid is
discontinued we all know that Google
stopped producing them there's only sort
of 200 300 of them in the world now and
and and i'm an owner of them i invested
in them because number one I got them
for less than half price so if I wanted
to sell them I could I could get like
more money for what I bought them for I
got them for a ridiculously good price
I've got them for 480 and if i wanted to
i could sell them on ebay for
closer to eight hundred I don't
understand why they why they were why
they were why they were so cheap but
they they a hundred percent work they're
in great condition so if i wanted to i
could i could sell them i forgot you
guys can see you guys can see what I'm
looking at here then if it's going to
focus on the screen properly the camera
is pretty cool on it it's pretty good
quality but I am just uploading a video
to the to the main channel right now so
maybe a few view if you don't know about
my vlog channel you guys have ever have
maybe seen you guys have made me just
come across the blog channel from the
main channel I don't know I don't know
but that's probably going to be one of
the last vlogs on the vlog channel
anyway a lot of you've been asking
questions ok Alex why did you get it
because it was cheap about listen half
price yv it why have you invested into a
discontinued product well I think it's
better now that it's just continued
right for the one reason that now it's
discontinued and and Google don't make
make apps for it anymore it's now open
to developers so now is the developers
opportunity to really smash on with
Google glass and see what they can
create now there's apps maps that you
say in apps you can hear you can live
stream from these things you can
genuinely live stream from these things
right that is insane and i can do videos
like this no other no other vlogger is
going to be able to do videos like this
like that is an investment on its own I
can make insane videos for you guys when
I can vlog and you guys can see what I'm
freaking seeing how in Sam it had just
dies think that isn't incredible you can
get games on them on the way back from I
54 all the way about from coventry i had
the gps or pitt laughs but I'd like an
image here I had the GPS for coming home
on here and it told me where to go it's
ladies like even better than looking at
your phone because obviously looking at
your phone you've got to take your eyes
off the road with this you can sort of
see through the text so it's just like
an arrow and it says next left and you
take the next left and its wow they're
just absolutely just incredible in
freakin granola I wish I could I wish
you guys could try them on round I 50
for every I was like the center of
attention man it was crazy like I walked
into the awards into VIP and everyone
was like you're the coolest one said to
me you're the coolest guy in here and I
was like I was like why man and he said
because you've got freaking google glass
like the amount of attention you get
with these things and I don't really
like attention that much it pisses me
piss me the off but it's google
glass it's freaking google glass isn't
it just look at it you can probably the
thing in their lot you can see
so yeah I'm going to do it I'm going to
do a video on the tech channel search
all about the google glass the google
glasses the googly googly glasses soon
but this is a sort of update video for
the vlog channel i'm just i'm wanting to
make make some really cool blogs for you
guys so here's one piece of cool kit
which is gonna make me going to be able
to make me have good vlogs and i've just
ordered the the g7x these once at the
canon g7x vlogging camera it's the one
that all the youtubers have and it's
really good so i'm going to be using
that some a blogging camera now instead
of my iphone so vlog quality is going to
have been on the on the improvement on
the improvement and you guys have been
looking at my Twitter and you've been
seeing that I've been painting painting
a wall in the new house and the new
sales coming together we've gotta move
in date now we have a moving date in the
moving day is the 11th next month so
that is what is it next month Jennifer
in March April May next month may the
11th is the moving date now that's not
set in stone it's sort of around there
it might be the 10th might be 11th might
be the 12 but around then is when we're
gonna be moving into the new house now
I'm going to be moving my setup in just
before then so I want I want I want I
want to see what sort of videos you guys
want do you guys want sort of do you
guys want time lapses you guys want
vlogs while while I'm moving in what you
guys want what do you guys want like
time lapses of me setting up the room
like you guys let me know of what you
guys want but that is the moving-in day
I thought I just give you guys a cheeky
little update and stuff there's the
guest pass fur for the Insomnia's so
yeah that's a cheeky little update vlog
for you guys how the blood chance going
to be improving check out by over
exposing us there we go and and the
moving-in day we've got a moving in date
now which is absolutely incredible so
that's been a cheeky blog with Google
glass let me know if you've enjoyed it
let me know if it's an immersive and
cool i want to see if you guys would
like me to do more of these and if you
would then please let me know imagine a
day in the life from google glass how
sick would that be unless i'm sure i
think of ideas if you guys could drop me
any ideas then that would be absolutely
awesome a woman will think or talk about
as well the DJI phantom 3 is just come
out so i'm thinking of selling this bad
boy and putting it on ebay i'm picking
up the picking up the Phantom 3 so I
don't know I don't know I don't know
have you guys seen the Phantom food you
think it's a worthwhile investment
I'd obviously get the professional one
because it does 4k and I'm just a bit
annoyed that it doesn't have you can't
put a GoPro on it another camera that
they provide with it's really good but I
might I might sell that and then and
then get get a phantom 3 can you guys
let me know you got to check out the
phantom through it let me know if you
think it's you think it's worth it or
not anyway yeah I'll wrap it up there
guys if you guys were enjoyed then I
like rating as always is much
appreciated and i'll see you in my next
blog ative locative love love love hey
you've enjoyed the google glass if you
had then smash your light rating because
we're the only people that i've done it
so far i think and i'll see you in my
next video guys hey you've enjoyed ah
