right so hey guys what's going on my
name is alex and i'm here in commentary
staying high 54 here is our hotel room
let's let's give you guys a tour hey
check this out so this is the room that
was staying in right now and there's
currently one two three four five of us
in here so we'll give you guys like a
tour of what's whilst going down so
here's the bedroom in here this is this
is fairly mental so it look like what
looks like a 40 inch TV here and a four
tht made it was like a bedroom thing and
then this is this is now set up so it's
got a freaking Mac Pro right here and
then we've got the razor blade laptop
and we've got like insane internet
speeds I think we're getting like 90 Meg
down or something ridiculous like that
so yeah hopefully what better stream but
here's a bathroom okay rubs look my
second shows around the bathroom robots
going down there's a sink toilet real
got a little goodie bag ah good job
girls as well as pre this pre oh hey
what are you doing here he's a suck me
off here's the audio-technica microphone
yeah this is history we've got a map
mrs. laser-like stuff got this stuff
everywhere so this is this is this is my
setup here and I've just bought my
keyboard and mouse down with with my got
the bose headphones there I've got my
what one of my monitors down it just
connected thereto the laptop this is
insane freaking view that we have you
can't really see it it's so high up shit
Colin true he's coventry at the end of
the day so it should be pretty shitty
that's the set we've got right now over
here we've got another TV which you're
not using loaded blue wall p t-shirts
they're just the shit you know you want
see this you want see the nurse are you
on the mouth of a blue ink you see the
view of about here
this is knocking stuff over we've got a
massive charge station over here and
then this is a sort of year but really
quite high was pretty good view you
couldn't really probably get any better
to move her oh here's more t-shirts he
goes on t-shirts subscribe it will be
fun hobby pornhub.com poet / wealthy Oh
says there is this asian fella he's just
Asian i'll try to hack into the system
he's trying to hack into the system of
high 54 he's channel he's trying to get
a safe reliable team yeah yeah boy
genuinely thought it is not recording
man that's not mine that's that's that's
Rob's and I don't attend drink alcohol
or do drugs as bad kids don't ever do
that by fucking luck really why would
you say that oh my god right so yeah
here we go what we're doing here what's
going on here Rob were you doing i'm
downloading porn i woulda drivers
downloading drivers we don't get all the
kitchens out then we forgot about I ever
got Pringles and we're not under a
monster and that about that looks as if
that that's that's that looks as if all
we have is Pringles and monster you did
a great job of stocking up the the
kitchen that day one is there some
there's some vlogs that you're gonna
probably be seeing in the near future is
that correct mm-hmm but then you're
gonna remove them aren't you when we
start watching the day ah yeah here we
go here's is it none days that's not me
that's a house ranging fella
ha okay we're gonna get you have an
aging hey that's me look look up oh
she's coming to kill me we're doing a
bit hot sauce on mere whatever cheeky
Nando's hot sauce there there you go so
yes we're here it we're here in
commentary oh you can watch porn just
like just like this just like he's
watching your game is lousy you only got
wireless because it done right so yeah
these noobs oh I'm doing that yeah so is
that how do you texting pause thank you
right so yeah we're staying here for the
next four days or in commentary so if
you guys are I 54 we're going to be
there like pretty much every day so
definitely make sure you stats on
Twitter and you just i'll give you guys
my private room tour I don't know how
I'm gonna deal with these guys here for
the next four days ever fuck say hello
guys let's go I'll see you guys soon I'm
it's an ideal Tigers
