Jesus you get a lot of lives there Jacob
oh that was good wasn't it right hey
guys what's going on my name is Alex and
welcome back to another vlog I was live
streaming on periscope this morning if
you know what periscope is it's on the
app store and the iphone so we're going
download periscope and it's like a live
streaming service anyway I was talking
to guys there earlier when I was in the
car and you guys said do i get to vlog
vlog for tonight and want to see a bug
do blog blog so it's absolutely chucking
it down here in England absolutely
chucking it it's really weird because
because the sun's out let me see if I
can go into the office and show you guys
here yeah he's you can kind of see it so
like it's absolutely chucking it down
but the sun's out so it looks sort of
really weird I don't understand that
make it looks really cool i might go out
with the a7 s and try and get some cool
footage and be i'm just sitting here let
me close that door echo is echoing
in here so hopefully you guys can hear
me no here's a good representation of
how wet it is look at the window how
like what is anyway yeah and the sun's
out over that I think it was really cool
to go and get the a7s outtakes and
photos in about 10 10 15 minutes but
yeah guys how are you guys doing let me
know in the comments section down below
and I want to just talk about oh look
there's Mya there's my new house you
guys have seen it and so yeah I just
want to talk about a few things or
tomorrow I've actually broken up right
now and I realized i asked you guys on
periscope today when i was live
streaming in the car I love you guys had
you already broken up and I didn't
realize that and so I'm going to start
like live streaming war and doing a few
more uploads for you guys because you
guys on at school you're at home and you
bored and oh my god the plan over there
has fallen over no no it's
correct what are you doing mr. gland
it's not a wrecked anymore anyway yeah a
lot of you guys are now not schools i'm
going to try and do some more loads and
so i want you i want just to just to
speak to you guys tell me what you what
you guys want to see on the main channel
obviously i'm going to high 54 and I 54
this week i'm heading down there
thursday evening time trying to get
there for five o'clock to pick rug rug
rug i'm going to pick a rock on i'm
joking
I'm going to pick a robot from the train
station around five if I can make it
down in time I might not be able to
because I'm filming on that day i'm
filming on thursday for 4 i'm helping
I'm helping someone else film for their
college project because they've asked my
help obviously because i'm a goddamned
up nominee cheeky and see ya i'm filming
on thursday and then i'm going to have
54 now i know a lot of you go into I 54
I'm going to try and get I'm definitely
there friday and saturday but someday it
might be a little bit difficult for me
to go to butlers really i'm really busy
on sunday so i might be able to try and
get 5-10 minutes maybe outside the event
just to meet you guys if you guys want
to meet me on sunday if you're going but
I'm there friday and saturday all days
have been absolutely awesome if we can
meet you guys and the thing is a lot
people say Alex tweet me say Alex I'm
going to I 54 or I'm going to Eurogamer
oh I'm going to such and such event can
i meet you yeah this is the reason I go
to these events guys this is the main
reason why I do it this is why you know
I a spend spend the money trouble down
its to meet you guys I don't go looking
around the the stalls and playing
obviously I do you play a few games if
there's a few new pieces of technology
and I can check out them that would be
cool and i might play a few tournaments
you guys minecraft tournaments or ever
or gaming tournament with you guys my
you know play a bit of games but the
main reason i go is to meet you guys and
have a good time so if you're there and
feel free to come to me if you have
already seen me before then call but if
you haven't then you can ask me for
pictures i get people wanted signatures
so don't feel don't feel afraid I've
been asked before so I'm well used to it
so yes feel free to come and ask me and
I'm not saying it to be like a knob like
oh I have loads of photos when i go i
don't i just want to I just want to be
an approach and what I want you guys to
say that I'm an approachable guy if you
see me don't come up and be all shy away
oh my god it's lover and call me by Alex
by the way don't call me Mars and then
yeah that's a that's it I'm really
approachable so definitely come and say
hi to me I just really want to meet you
guys so I want to know who is the actual
people that's watching my videos I can't
wait to see you go see ya and if you
there let me know and I'll be on Twitter
all day a lot of people previous events
especially Eurogamer people are Alex I
went to Eurogamer when I never got
chance to see you I didn't know where
you were this is what I do right new
Twitter you
I think that every single YouTube uses
to update their audience right yeah I
update you guys on that I might try and
live stream on periscope I be like guys
I'm at the mine craft booths or whatever
and come and meet me but but now keep
checking on twitter I'll keep updating
my location on there where I am in the
venue where I might be outside my pc
right I'm going to make wait outside for
5-10 minutes if you guys want to come
down or I'll say I might be in the
Minecraft tournament come and watch me
play and then after we'll have some
photos or whatever and so yeah whatever
you guys want to do that would be
awesome but um what one thing that's
really weird right it's you get the odd
one that follows you like so I did I'm
have to prop my arm looks now just been
to the gym unfortunately so I can't
really hold my oh my how many heads and
yeah and one thing that doesn't know me
well the one thing that doesn't owe me
is like I say hi to you guys I spend a
good half an hour's speaking to you guys
last last event i did a giveaway with
Kaz much the recording yet I wish a
fight if I like when like that it wasn't
recording a bit like hmm that's annoying
anyway yet and what was it about yeah
yeah it's the one thing that is really
annoying is that when when I've like
finished meeting you guys and I want to
go and off and hang around my friends
maybe we'll go to Nando's or something
of course you can come down but like
don't sort of it's really hard to
explain like people people follow me
around the event and it's cool if you
want to follow me around but like
there's like people that like they don't
really follow me they stoled me and they
follow me around in the loop speak to me
and I could just see them following me
like if you want to hang around me
absolutely cool let me know if you want
to but don't just like stop in and
follow me around let's just wait but
yeah I know you guys actually awesome
and you won't do that but yeah I 54
should be should be really really really
fun you ever got tickets feel free to
come down and to the event my brother's
coming in that's a lot come in and yeah
feel free to come down and you can meet
me outside the event if you guys if you
guys are said Alex you go tweet me your
Alex have trouble down to I 54 obviously
I don't have a ticket so i'm outside the
event can you come and meet me of course
i'll come outside and meet you guys I'd
be absolutely also what's up me
26 more laughs Wow so what you playing
Jacob what's the game called Super Mario
Brothers to do you like you like it okay
try and get 30 live try and get 30 it's
doing this level which is really easy
and if you keep playing it you get a
load of lives it's kind of like a cheap
but it's not we just about to do the
final level he loves these super mario
brothers but anyway yeah it's been sort
of like a pre I 54 vlog so yes I'm going
around for a new house tomorrow to paint
a wall paid the last wall that I need to
paint in my bedroom so once I've done
that I should hopefully vlog you guys
house up date number three at the new
house on the blog channel toki geyser
pumped for that was gonna close this
door so I can hear people talking out
there but yes and cheeky little pre are
54 blog going on to the new house
tomorrow probably a vlog there I might
do it at the live stream there guys if
you I've got periscope right go on to
the App Store on your iPhone iPad I
device you've got have twitter so just
make a twitter account download to make
a twitter account if you've already got
one great go on to the App Store
download periscope and it will prompt
you to follow me on periscope if you
already follow me on Twitter so you need
to get twitter follow me on twitter and
then download periscope and follow me on
periscope and hopefully then you guys
will be you get like a little
notification when I go when I start life
driven and a live stream in the car and
dealers of other things like that and
it's really cool we had like you guys
really helped me out earlier i need the
question and you guys answer it people
that were there so the people that
without entered a stream on periscope
congratulations you won an epic price
don't know what it is yet but yeah my
arms really hurting so I need to go
might as well as you guys have been
awesome and i'll see you in my next
video i need to stop doing my hair for
these are genuinely like whenever i do
these like what I've just when I've just
had a shower or something and what
genuinely is like a shower at the gym
shower at home I shower every where you
need to be clean guys come on I need to
be cleaned and I generally just like I'm
hairs just like shower hair look at it's
like just it's just like dad look at it
look at work as a anyway
yeah bestop procrastinate you know to
end this thing matters a nice guys
yeah bye guys I'll see you soon
