right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome back to a good
old-fashioned vloggity vlog in the
vloggity vlog channel this is a house
update they're not a number around now
I'm gonna start numbering these I'm
gonna go back I'm going to say this is
house update number one but the correct
one will be in the title so yes this is
the new house I'm here now this is gonna
be a bit of weight and linked await a
way to vlog a late vlog today but some
things and some updates to to share with
you guys first start first thing we want
to say is yesterday night I don't if you
saw me but I was live streaming I was
live on the on the YouTube show pimp my
setup now I drop a link in the
description don't worry you haven't
missed it that the live stream is
uploaded after the event so it's up
there now so you guys can check that out
apologize for my haircut I haven't
had my hair cut but we tell the sides
like we're gonna show up I haven't done
anything with it today I'm just got a
shower here at the new house because
I've been been using the new gym yeah
the new gym finally got it all working
so it's got it's got a lake press so you
can work on your triceps you can work on
your triceps biceps put your like
obviously your leg press you've got your
you can work on your chest here you've
got a full-blown bar but the thing is I
don't like using a bar like this simply
because it's not very it's not very good
for your posture but it'll do the job
I've got I've got under the bar at home
like a free a free bar here is here you
can work on your shoulders and your abs
so you can put your abs why I say out
your shoulders and your pecs so you can
put your arm through sorry there push
there we've got interchangeable weights
so the weights the weights of you use
these ones here and and there you go so
that is the gym finally got it all set
up when I'm working I put a TV up on the
wall but it doesn't work yet and it may
look a bit long
that's because it's you can actually
move it so you can aim it where you want
and it's got that one of the brackets so
you can like pull it out all the way and
like do what you want with it but we've
got my old boston acoustics in here so
we've got the subwoofer down there and
the left and the right speaker up there
and in the garage which is now locked
but I can't show you but it's connected
to us so notes in there so you can
control the music from your phone whilst
you're working out and that room is
pretty much finished so now I'll take
you up to my room and show you my cable
management which is a cool and I'll show
you a little bit more in depth of my
desk because I know you guys are
interested in this sort of stuff so
here's the desk it's massive absolutely
huge like I don't understand how it's so
big it's just insane that is protein
shake what you need to drink oh so yeah
this desk is going to be going along
this wall I need to paint this tomorrow
I need to paint this this color it's
still plastered so here's the speaker
wires coming out the wall as you guys
know I'm gonna have my speakers
free-floating for the surround sound in
the mid of the wall which is gonna look
absolutely sick there's a HDMI for the
TV TV's gonna be wall mounted up there
now this is the cable management I
 up a little bit here so I need to
paint over that because it turns out
there's a stood in the wall here like I
stood so I couldn't draw through it but
finally I've got my things in so this
one these both go through into the other
side of the room let me show you here so
in this room in the server room they
both come to that so as you can see
cable goes through and comes out I'm
gonna have my computer down here excuse
the mess because I've just been drilling
but what I can now do is pass the
keyboard and mouse and anything else
that I need to plug into the computer
through here like a USB hub which I can
have underneath the desk and then this
one the heart warm higher up is for the
monitors that are going to be wall
mounted so if you can but if you have to
tell by the sort of height height of it
but you see the bottom one where is it
there there's the bottom one where is it
there it is so this bottom one here sits
about right here behind the desk when
the walls flush so you can't really see
it it goes here and then the keyboard
and mouse wires would come out of out of
it
out where is it there
under there under the desk and then I'm
gonna drill a hole in the middle and
it's gonna keyboard a mouse will come up
there and it'll look the ball nice and
sexy and then this one as you can see
this one is for the monitors so I don't
want any cables I want the cables go
straight through the wall because as you
guys know the monitors are going to be
free-floating on the desk now if you
don't know what that means is it's
pretty it's pretty freakin cool let me
try to explain it to you guys so what
I'm going to do is them take all of the
tape take all of the stands off the
monitors and then I've bought three of
these now these are really cool they're
really inexpensive little brackets so
what you do let me just try and put you
guys down for a sec extend them out like
that so this bit attaches you can see
that a bit attaches onto your monitor
and then a bit attaches onto the wall
like that so I'll try and show you guys
so that attaches onto the wall like that
and then you can have your monitor and
angle it like literally wherever you
want so you can just like real it and
reposition it so the monitors are gonna
be on the desk all three of them central
to the desk but there's gonna be nothing
between the desk and the monitors it's
just gonna be the wall so the monitors
are look like they're ones you get what
I mean it's gonna look absolutely insane
hopefully I've been big in it uploaded
oh my god your setup is gonna be
absolutely insane I can't wait and I'm
just like hope on the liver it I hope or
deliver it this is a new room that I'm
doing you guys are absolutely dying to
see how this helps coming along I mean
I've got everything organized there's
all the cables coming down the top from
the from the speakers and I had a
comment in the last video actually
someone said to someone said I like she
must be absolutely loaded you must be
absolutely loaded because of the amount
of work that the electrician's are doing
in your room to get it how you want and
just so you can have your monitors on
the wall and I thought wait a minute no
no no everything all the electric all
the electric stuff in this room so that
goes for putting the speaker cables
under the carpet putting the subwoofer
cable here putting the speaker cables on
the front of this wall coming out in the
middle of the wall putting the HDMI
cables and the ethernet cables up for
the telly doing all of this I've done
all this in the last half an hour these
two things here and the
things in here and I put all the cables
coming down there I've organized all of
this we've got the surge protectors
either side of the server room we've got
the server up here with massive 16 port
tp-link switch which we're not even
moved into the house yet and a lot of
the ports already being taken up which
is a which is really good and I do all
of it myself guys I do everything myself
this is my little tool room here all my
tools down here that I may need to work
with I'm kind of like a DIY guy I like
to do well do it myself obviously that's
what it means so yes that is that is
about it you're probably thinking Alex
why do you got loudspeaker cable coming
out of this one and going into that one
and then it comes out out here and comes
out there you guys can get it right it
comes up yeah you guys were like why are
you doing that Alex and the reason I'm
doing that is because well I could have
the power cables for the monitors come
through here this one with the HDMI
cables and I could run them off the
Power Packs in here but the thing is I
had to put this external socket in this
room because there was no power in here
so I've had to put that socket there and
I've put it up into the loft it goes up
into the loft and attaches to the mains
but there's gonna be a lot of things
running off those two plug sockets and
it's dangerous as it is to have all the
server room our computer and all the a/v
equipment in here running off just to
plug sockets so what I'm gonna do is
order a it's or I've ordered a little
extension cable and I'm gonna use these
sockets in here in the main room and you
can have the extension cable connector
there the TV is obviously going up there
but the TV's got its power socket there
I'm gonna have this extension cable run
across here down here across here and
then obviously here's the two things the
desk is gonna be here I'll have the
power Pat little power cable running up
to here and then just next to this one
I'll have a few plug sockets just for
under the desk in case I want to have
some LEDs wink wink and this what can
then do is to this power extension cable
I can then attach another power
extension cable which I will I'll tie it
to this cable and then I can just pull
it through and there nice how a power
mamaan it is because then I'll have
power appeared you get what I mean so
I've got like a power cable from there
around there around there up to here and
then it comes in there into the server
room up the what's over in wall and back
out here so there's no wires on this
side of the room I just want this with
this room to be Wire free and in the
server room everything is going to go
mental
so hopefully you guys understand what
I'm trying to do here yeah hopefully you
do and just for just what's what I'm
going to show you guys necks and masks
for the blinds down to think and I've
never used these blinds before but I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna try and put the
blinds down if you guys have got any
questions obviously feel free to let me
know and I try and help you guys as much
as much as I can but definitely go and
check out the Tim my set or perhaps I
think I think I was episode 13 if you go
and it give it a like and share it with
your friends guys it was absolutely
awesome it was a 40-minute livestream
where we gave you guys feedbacks on your
setups and I just really enjoyed it it
was really good
I'm not gonna put that one down because
I don't think there's any point really
but yes let me just put two down hey my
blinds work quite well I'm happy with
that that's awesome so here it is guys
here it is it's up I put it up the wall
is on the wall guys there's no friggin
it just looks absolutely insane by
looking in from over here look at it
from over just just look at that bad but
it doesn't look as cool on camera trust
me it looks about 5000 times it's called
in real life look at it right and then
you guys you guys are gonna be like Alex
what you doing with an LED remote well
the hell am I doing with an LED remote
you know I'm just I'm just gonna point
it at my school and press it and hold
the lights up how
cool is that look at that look at that
beast of a school
look at that look you can see like the
the det cord in everything I'm so stoked
it just looks it just looks absolutely
in sane I'm just get let's get a
thumbnail for this episode I'll pay for
a cup now I think that's the best
thumbnail ever in the world but yeah you
can obviously change the color so you
can have whatever sort of color you want
on it oh I like that that is sick so
there you guys that is that's the school
looking absolutely awesome
on the wall there and so yeah that's
pretty much the that that's pretty much
the little update for you guys if you
enjoyed a like rating would be much
appreciate any question
hit me up on Twitter or my social links
as always are in the description guys
you guys money help we set up so or you
want me to you know you want me to come
and help you guys with your setups then
I'd love to so yeah that's that's been
today's video as I said you know a lot
ringing as always I appreciate you share
with your friends guys I'm trying to
reach right let me let me talk to you
guys I'm trying to reach 50,000
subscribers on my main youtube channel
we'll just hit 48 thousand we need two
thousand more and it will be absolutely
like it would be absolutely awesome if
you guys could share it with a friend at
least one of your friends you must have
a friend get them to subscribe to the
channel just say hey just say say 20
friends who says them hey I found this
awesome youtuber just like really
inspirational stuff gladly buddy blah
and get them to subscribe to the channel
and the more the merrier guys the more
people we've got here the better the
community will be you guys are my god
alex is not a new video of how my dad
and you guys can all go mental and
everything's fine I just I just really
would appreciate because I spent such a
long time making videos for you guys
it's been such a long time making videos
for you guys and it's what more people
to enjoy them I just think it would be I
just feel 50,000 subscribers for me to
say I've got 50,000 subscribers and then
for me to say I've got 100,000 that's
never gonna happen is it man 100
thousands of my god oh my god anyway yes
I'm so stoked that got 48 thousand not
just insanity as it is so yeah but let's
keep going on with it up with guys and
see what we can do but yeah it might be
nice you guys have been awesome will see
in my next friggin video adios guys bad
