oh hello I didn't see you there
my name's Alex and today we're going to
be talking about relationships so what
you need a good relationship is love
and sit in it that's it that's it
let them know I'm going with this man
just enjoy the nice Mackey's back from
the from the muscle maker the gym
and yeah let's treat myself to Mackey's
because I'm starving it is almost 1
o'clock and I've got some editing to do
I need to edit I need to I've got some
edits they've got so much editing today
man my life revolves aren't editing
which I suppose is pretty normal soon as
I'm a youtuber but I've got this really
cool video idea for you guys and I think
those really likes the video but the
video I did a bore I showed you guys my
life tips was just insane like the
amount of feedback you guys get on that
video is just like phenomenal so I want
to do a video to show like to highlight
amazing stuff like in life so I'm gonna
upload that tonight so you guys should
see this and that video um so yeah check
it out but I've got a few things need to
talk about really when I'm a little
sit-down chat with you guys can I you
guys like these sort of videos so number
one someone said to me on Twitter Alex
where's the vlogs bring hashtag bring
back Mars you know who you are and
that's cool thank you for reminding me
to do blogs it's just that I'm actually
so busy like right now in my life
because we're just moving house I'm
applying to get a job well now don't
 yourself guys don't worry YouTube's
still my main thing but there's this
really cool job that I've really wanted
to do for ages and they've just offered
me a job well I didn't even go to them
they came to me and they were like you
want a job and I was like haha yes and
it's to do with networking and that you
guys know my back work but my background
for networking is pretty pretty decent
if I'm gonna be working part-time to
this networking company now it doesn't
take up a lot of my time so YouTube
doesn't affect YouTube at all but what
does it what does affect YouTube is
college and moving house which is the
two main things which I'm doing at the
moment which is taking up a lot of time
so apologize for the lack of videos but
I'm sure you guys are pretty sure that
and I just want to say a massive thank
you for the insane support on the last
video I did I'm asked by gaming it got
over a thousand likes and I didn't think
it would and when I saw it I was just
like damn I wish all my videos could get
over a thousand likes like that was in
if you're a regular viewer of my videos
but was so awesome if you could just
drop a light rain because wow I just
snapped me around the face of it when I
saw it had a thousand likes it was in
less than 20 but just over 24 hours I
think it was and I'm just like ma'am
this YouTube thing's crazy crazy
oh that's thank to you guys and thank
you very much and so yeah a lot of
people have been asking Alex where the
hell is gaming gun where's gaming what
you do with the gaming stuff the gaming
mouse ball game and you've changed the
name for Mars bar gaming to Mars bar and
now the same or gaming coincidentally
and what are you doing I'm gonna
unsubscribe you piece of that's
what you guys been saying to me and
really have some feelings it really does
I've cried a few times cry
I'm joking haven't cried and but yes you
guys obviously are aware of what I'm
doing so what I'm gonna do is when I
move house me and Rob have been speaking
about it Rob my graphics guy I might do
about that just so you can't see me and
yeah I'm joking after and when I move
house I'm gonna start a live streaming
like three to four times a week right so
a few our live streaming sessions three
to four times a week doing games so my
youtube channel is gonna be videos like
Mars bar gaming or Mars bar always gonna
be real life videos with funny videos
and skip videos and videos that I like
to do like videos I know you guys will
enjoy this this channel is purely for
blogs LBGT is purely for tech which I'll
talk about in a second and I'm going to
live for him on Twitch and like we're
going to try
get a twitch partnership so you guys
some live rooms let me know in the
comment section down below so yeah
that's what's going on my gaming and
what I'm probably gonna do is upload the
highlights from the twitch streams to
YouTube so the will be gaming on YouTube
but just not yet I need to get moved
house you guys know that I'm going to
sticky situation at the moment I've got
two houses and everything's crazy and
I'm trying my best to still create
content for you guys and wishing for
this afternoon to chill so I'm going to
edit about four videos so yeah that's
that on the tech channel I've had so
many links like so many links I'm
getting part of the so many companies
aoc rode microphones GTO mega sending me
another chair for the new house a custom
white chair for the new house which is
going to be absolutely dapper obviously
you guys to see my new desk on the setup
video or the house tour I did on the
weekend which got over a thousand
thousand likes
who else ever got partnered with tp-link
there's so many others I need to send
these guys emails and get some products
for them for the tech channel but yeah
this is what we this is what we do this
is this is Emmett this burger is Mb GT
and we've just planted the flag in it
like that so I mean that's a flag
because we're doing well you go I mean
so yeah that's that laughs MB GT and
that's what's going on
they've got brilliant upping apps to
talk about other than well oh yeah I had
this guy messaged me on Facebook and
he's having a massive go at me because I
hardly ever go on Facebook so I'm not
saying message me on Facebook because
you probably won't get a reply they're
very lucky to get a reply for me on
Facebook message X and there you guys
know my personal Facebook Bradbury blah
but I don't look at Facebook Messenger
so there's no point trying to message me
but this guy messaged me and I looked at
it and I should have looked at it and he
was having a go at me because I liked
his girlfriend's photo and his
girlfriend's 14 and he's 15 or some
 like that right and he's ever
nice to go because I liked a photo and
he's calling me a pedophile because
she's 14 and I'm 17 and I likes her
Instagram photo right so I'm thinking
hold on a minute I don't even know what
who at what a name is I don't know I
don't know what what hit this girl's
name is that no Instagram username and
quite frankly I don't give a
even know who he's on about but what I
thought straight away was usually if
someone follows me and likes a few of my
photos or like some of my photos I will
go on their Instagram like one of their
photos just because I know safe like
there's a one of you guys maybe there's
a fam that's just joined or follow me on
instagram if i like one of the so it is
oh my god that looks like one of my
photos so I tried to like a lot of your
guys photos and Instagram right so I
just up like this girl's photo and it
was this this guy's girlfriend who's
fought in the girlfriends 14 a boyfriend
was ever a massive go at me for liking a
photo app and it makes me a massive
pedophile
and I'm just like whoa logic I
don't know anyway I'll share that with
you guys but anyway yeah bit of a weird
one today
whatever wave vlog but nevertheless hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did a library
as always is appreciated hit me up on my
social media Twitter snapchat
everything's in the description I've
always and yeah let me know if you like
the new schedule I'll have a live
streaming on Twitch and so that's what's
going on and if you see any comments on
the YouTube channel then inform people
as to what's going on so once as Alex
where's the game now it's you're not
doing this I shouldn't do that
tell them what's going on say I'm moving
house help me out here guys I can't
reply to everyone so do you guys some
sort of admin the channel then that will
be absolutely awesome but yeah guys
thank you so much for all the live
ratings and support on the recent videos
and it's just insane I wanna thank you
guys in credit thank you so much and
yeah might as now as you guys have been
awesome as always and I'll see you in my
next video adios bye
