right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome back to another
vlog now the Sun is like rotten face and
I need my shades on and I need to get my
shades up I figured out right what I can
do because usually right my vlogs like
this are name right the steering wheel
takes up like half of the space so I
figured out if I push this little lever
here I can push my steering wheel down
and do a vlog and the steering wheel
isn't in the way so we're like now
currently stuck in a load of traffic and
try and show you guys here yes here you
go oh god we just got traffic I'll put
you guys back in the cheeky little
holder right there there we go um so
yeah I thought be the perfect time to do
a vlog now I want to be quite serious in
this and usually usually I'm not serious
usually you guys know I'm all down from
the laughs and I want to make
entertaining content for you guys but
there's got this there's gonna be a few
times when I want to have a good chat to
you guys and I feel like this this is a
good video to do that so and it's I know
a lot of my audience I know a lot of my
audience are younger than me right so
that's why I'm doing this video if
you're older than me or the same age as
me you've probably experienced this
before and and and you're gonna think
yeah yeah we've all done it we've all
done it once we've all done it once so
I'll start off my story so pretty much
what happened is you guys oh you guys
know Barney obviously um if you don't
know him he's otherwise known as the
ginger prick or the ginger guy that
sometimes appears in my videos
he he said look mate um this was on
Wednesday this week he said he said look
mate I've got a little gathering we can
both go to one of mine and Barney's
close friend invited us both to round to
his house and his girlfriend was there
and some other dude was going called
Jack and if you're watching this video
then my Jack Oh Alex or or Georgia
whatever and it was a good night we'd
play some pool
and we played like those drinking games
laughs you don't know what drinking
games are drinking games are games where
like you have to drink obviously so say
well we played a pool you know pool
where the game pool with the snooker or
whatever you want to call it we've
played it where if I was to put a ball
it could be any ball I could then choose
who I want
to take a shot of vodka so we all did
that and I because I'm the smallest guy
and everyone wants me to get drunk
because apparently I'm really funny and
weird when I'm drunk
Evan was like Alex shot I like to take a
shot whenever they're pies so I ended up
downing probably nine shots which again
is ridiculous now I'm doing this I'm
gonna tell you guys this because I don't
want you guys to make the same mistake
that I did right so I did I I downed I
downed sort of nine nine shots nine ten
shots which is enough to get a big
person like a fully grown adult pretty
drunk right I'm small I'm sad to be fair
I had eaten a lot in the day but the man
I was gone right and when I'm gone I
turn him to mr. Big bollocks when I'm
gone right when I'm drunk I turn into
I'm the best person in the world I can
do this I can do that
so then we went into the kitchen you
guys may have saw my snapchat story if
you want to add me on snapchat then you
can see me in in in the description I've
got almost half done there but yeah it's
as I say I turn into mr. Big bollocks so
we all had a beer and I was like I was
like I bet all of you guys I bet all of
you guys that I can down this
this bottle faster than you guys can so
then that's a beer down I think we did
it in like ten I think I've got my beer
down me in ten seconds so that's a full
beer down me ten shots and that's it's
not that it's really dangerous that
they're to drink that much it really is
and the thing is is it was I want to
tell you guys I want to tell you guys
just to be careful when you go out
drinking with your friends have a good
laugh it's all good fun it's do it in a
good proportion just make sure make sure
you just drink in the right amount okay
I don't want anyone I don't want anyone
go into the hospital I was in the garden
right I was in the garden I was in
Alex's garden at the end of his garden
throwing up on the phone to my mum at
the same time as I was throwing up six
hours and I was saying to my mum I
remember saying to my mom I was like mom
I don't think I'm gonna see tomorrow I
think I'm gonna die I honestly thought
honestly at that time it that I thought
I was gonna die I'm not even
bullshitting to you guys I drink that
much in my brain I was like I'm gonna go
to sleep tonight and I'm never gonna
wake up my body's just not gonna be able
to cope with your mat of alcal√° pad
stay overreacting I hadn't had enough
alcohol to knock me out or kill me I was
totally certainly conscious the whole
night I never got knocked out you see
these people you see these people
drinking that much and they're just in
the middle of the road like lying in
there just knocked out I was totally
fine the whole night but the thing is I
mean I get really worried I've never
been that drunk before in my life had
never and it was just so scary and I
just want to save you guys the hassle
like it was the thing is I look at it in
a positive way the positive way is now I
know my limit now I know what I can
drink and what I can't drink to get what
I mean
so now I know that information I can now
sort of pace myself so it's sort of good
but I just don't want you guys to get in
that situation I just don't I just don't
want it but that's that's enough of that
I just wanted to tell you guys that's my
serious bit everybody wanted to tell you
guys not to get very very drunk where
you can't think about what you're doing
and you have to ring people and you save
yourself the hassle it's embarrassing as
well as it as well as it's funny at the
same time so just be careful guys so
that was it yeah that was that's the
that's the bad bit over now the good bit
the good news this is the good bit right
so me and Barney came home after this
party the night the next morning I drove
back I was feeling actually alright in
the morning I don't get that bad
hangovers but we came back what was
driving down my lay in my Road that I
live on and I saw this I saw this car
pops up now I'm like my my lanes a
private lane you're not really meant to
be you know doubt I knew people that are
sort of living there can really go down
it and I saw this car parts of NASA do
this who's this guy parking here just
parked on the side of the road and as we
drove past him I looked in my rearview
mirror on my car and my my face just
dropped like I literally just went like
that literally literally is just like oh
my god I just couldn't could not I just
okay I'll tell you guys what I saw I saw
an inspire one this guy had the inspire
one and inspire one how crazy is that
that if you don't know what the inspire
one is it's the new drone you know that
drones I've got a drone the DJI phantom
it's a new DJI drone the inspire one and
it's just insane and me and Barney me
and Barney both love our drone so walk
down the road and as I was walking down
the road right I was walking down the
road he looked
to me and it was like it was like he was
looking at me anyway anyone and he went
Mars bar and I was like no way no way he
knows my YouTube and it turns out it
turns out this this is this guy with the
inspire what and I watch his videos all
the time he doesn't he doesn't put a
link to his channel in the description
but those videos of like it does videos
of by him flying his drone over like
towns and cities and like factories and
he used to do some videos of flying it
over football grounds and stuff which is
just insane I would never tell you that
with my drone but apparently got into a
little bit trouble for it
but he asked me to give a shout-out to
his to his son now I can remember top my
head I believe his son's name is Jordan
Wilson Jordan Wilson shout-out to you my
man your dad's a your dad's are not you
dads are not to legend he really is he's
a he's a right lad with you coming out
and playing with his drones and making
video so I try and drop a link to his
channel in the description it might not
remember to but if I don't remember to
then let me know in the comment section
and I'll walk it in
it's called forget it I think it's
called Drona it's court I think you
might be called drone adventures or
something like that not 100% sure but
I'll try and drop it in the description
but yeah I'd look at the enspire one and
that thing is a beast well it's gotta be
a beast for 2,700 pounds or like I have
no worries and dollars like three
thousand dollars or something ridiculous
like that but that thing was just a
beast it was a beast so yeah I'm never
gonna buy one of those well I might do
for come on okay if I come across as a
lottery winner then I might be able to
buy one but I doubt it so who am yeah
but it was awesome to have a look at
that other than that yeah that's it
that's my two messages in this video two
messages killed two birds we want stone
in this video so guys don't have a good
time when you get drunk but don't get
shit-faced
don't get too drunk because it's
embarrassing for you when everyone
around you and second of all the DJI
inspire 1 is an awesome piece of kit and
shout out to Jordan Wilson I hope that's
your name I really do
is I know it is I'm hundreds ensure that
it is so yeah guys if you enjoyed the
video then obviously a like rating is
appreciated and speaking of them like me
giving you guys like sort of like life
tips about being drunk and trying to
help you guys out I'm gonna do I'm gonna
do a dear me on my main channel now if
you guys would enjoy that let me know in
the comment section down below if you
guys don't know what dear me is dear me
is pretty much a video it's a trend a
lot of other youtubers are doing and
YouTube themselves have actually set it
up and now what dear me is is what you
have to do is look back on your life
right you look back on your life and you
are meant to give like the previous you
life tips it's really hard to explain if
you guys didn't order is you can watch
other people's videos of people doing it
but it's you meant to be giving yourself
life tips if you could give yourself
life tips and look back on I'm sort of
what happened with you and your life and
things like that then it's really hard
to explain but I'm gonna try and put a
deer meat is really I thought I can't
explain actually deers yeah so sort of
me looking back on the mistakes I made
when I was younger and saying dear me
don't do this and it's sort of an advice
video a lot of youtubers have been doing
it so if you guys looking forward to
that then let me know in the comments
that you know if you could put a good
explanation of what dear me is then let
me know in the comments section I really
would like to know but anyway guys yeah
- relax
you guys pumping off Smoove at a super
Friday I'll see you in my next video
adios guys try and pause this thing bye
