oh hey guys what's going on my name is
Alex I'm currently stuck in traffic now
what else looking tries it's a lot 8:00
to 5:00 in the morning so yeah yeah just
eight o'clock in the morning oh just
going to college definitely definitely
definitely going to be really late today
because as loads of traffic I'm just
literally just got outside of my house
and I can't freaking move so I thought I
thought right I'll do a vlog and need to
ask you guys for your questions actually
I'm gonna be perfectly honest and we're
moving a little bit now I think we're
moving let's do this thing we're moving
but yeah a few questions for you guys so
I was lying in bed last night when you
when you're in bed it's the best time to
think it's the best time to think if
you're in bed and you just line that
fucking dark it's dark you've got
nothing to worry about
or maybe I've got something to worry
about you can think about it and get an
answer while you're in bed can't you
like in bed is like the perfect time to
think so what what was I thinking about
last night in bed as well as girls
obviously it was em YouTube well don't
you guessed it um and I was thinking I
was thinking shit I'm not uploading as
much as I used to like I'm not knowing
I'm nowhere near uploading as much as I
used to and and then I thought I thought
that's all signal so I was thinking why
am I not uploading as much as I used to
and then I just remembered it just
clicked in my head and I thought holy
shit I've got a daily vlog channel that
I've vlog about once a month on I was
like oh no I totally forgot about the
vlog channel so you guys need to be
fucking you guys need to tweet me but
whatever all my social links right or in
the description that snapchat I put
loads of snapchat stories on for you
last night
pull of the snapchat stories another new
house just to show you guys so yeah if
you're not if you haven't added my fan
snapchat you can have my fan snapchat on
my personal one if you want to but the
fan ones where you guys get all your
updates and my personal one is about my
personal life so you guys can add all
but stuff in the description so yeah but
make sure you follow me on Twitter
that's the most important one and
interact with me on Twitter
yeah that's the most important one
definitely because you guys can remind
me to do so if you're like tweet me like
I'm gonna vlog and I'll owlish it and
then yeah so yeah I've got a really cool
video coming tonight by the time you see
this I think by the time you see this
know I yeah by the time you guys see
this on my main channel miles by gaming
there's a really cool challenge that
mean if you friends did last week in
college and we're gonna we're gonna make
it we're gonna make a challenge we're
gonna try and make it a challenge
Tuesday but it's not gonna be every week
it's gonna be every other week
and we're gonna do a challenge to
Tuesday and we're gonna rent we rented
out the studio in college and last
week's challenge which was it loaded
like the same time as this vlog so yeah
you guys understand last week's
challenge was the headphone challenge or
the whisper challenge well what you do
is you put pro headphones on put a cheek
but we had a cheek pad phones on and
then someone next you have to try and
has to say something to you but
obviously you can't hear them because
you've got headphones on so you've got
to try and interpret what they're saying
and it's not determines whether you've
got a dirty mind or not you get what I
mean
and because you're like I don't know
what was one of the things that's what
he got was like I was like last night I
said to Kayleigh I was like last night I
had bread for tea and then she was like
I think she said last night you used a
strap-on or summat like that's something
ridiculous but it's really funny it's
really good and yeah you guys should
watch it but yeah that's the whisper
challenge one of the weirdest challenges
I've done actually you usually when I'm
recording a video I'm not oh yes this is
this video is gonna be this video is
gonna go down well I'm gonna really
enjoy editing and watching watching the
feedback but through this video I was
like I was like I thought I don't know
if it's gonna sort I don't know if it's
gonna deliver it's too repetitive that
if it's gonna be boring but as when I
was editing it I was like oh no no I
think people are gonna really really
really really enjoy this so hopefully
hopefully you guys do and hopefully you
guys drop a like rating as you do on all
the videos as I say all the like ratings
help but yeah my youtubing right I'm am
I doing this YouTube thing right
I am wanting to I am wanting to make a
living out of this YouTube thing I'm
wanting to do it well I'm wanting to
stick with you guys for as long as I can
which means obviously grinding the
videos holy balls and going bastard oh
my god okay there we go
yeah came around about let me
concentrate let me concentrate
I don't wanna crash I don't wanna crash
fuck it's busy let's go let's go let's
go just go you gotta close your eyes and
go right yes
and what was I saying yes am I doing
this YouTube thing right guys I need to
know your guys feedback you're my
audience you are the people need to talk
to about this the Sun is blinding my
face and I can't see a thing
yeah you are my audience and you are the
people that I need to speak to this
about so am i doing this YouTube thing
right and if you guys can let me know
there's anything I need to change you
always upload more obviously it's really
hard with the bloating more at the
moment got a massive college project on
at the moment guys deadlines this Friday
as you guys know we're doing if she
would have to make a short film the
short film was named for this Friday
ball the paperwork is etc etc so I've
got that to do this week which is right
for like and then you guys know as well
we're moving house I was around there
last night never put home that putting
the major home networking and I've had
to put all the cables through the walls
for the TVs because like my family
not want wires everywhere so I have to
strip all the walls down rip all the
plaster off the walls put the cables in
the walls and I have to plaster back
over and paint over it fucking out and a
crash in a minute alright so yeah that's
that's that that's the new house so I
might give you guys an update very
shortly but other than that I've got a
lot of work on I'm going to see some
clients on Thursday of this week a pub
in Newark they want me to manage their
social media and you know what a
promotional video doing so I've got to
do that and yeah just I'm always working
I'm always doing something I got no time
for partying
anyway yeah so this is the traffic that
I mean I'm trying to show you guys look
I'm just stuck in freaking traffic I'm
late you're just stuck this is it this
is my life my life is traffic it's great
isn't it and I'm gonna be at college in
nine o'clock and it's another city away
but I'm in Newark now and I've got to
get to Lincoln I wha
so yeah I'm definitely gonna be late
today but yeah Mazal kind of middle
Karen didn't send help with traffic and
so yeah that's pretty much all the
information I need you guys to tell me
as well as somebody dropping a lie
writing and being awesome if you guys
aren't being awesome and I can't be
awesome coming just how it goes so yeah
can you guys let me know if I'm doing
this YouTube thing if I'm youtubing
right I might youtubing right and if I
am then all good and then there's not if
you guys are got anything to say I'll
really the thing is from you guys I
really really like and creative feedback
I think there's a thing about feedback
and is a thing with creative feedback
right feedback can be feedback can be
mean feedback can be horrible so there's
a hater and they're giving me feedback
on a video and they're like that video
is shit right that's just that's not
that's just us no I wasn't that helpful
common is it alright if you put if you
put you can describe the word shit
because shit she's not a very nice word
what you want what you would what you
would structure your sentence like so
say for any youtuber really I'm giving
you guys a look at the lesson on fucking
English here umm if you guys saw our
videos let's say from your favorite
youtuber and you didn't like it you'd
put them you'd put something like oh
this video wasn't like any of you other
videos you didn't do this this and this
can you try and do this this and this
now that is creative feedback and that
is what youtubers need they don't need
our that video with shit I'm
unsubscribing no fucking dude guys
everyone makes mistakes from time to
time and when you've got a massive
audience I'm not saying I have I'm
saying I'm actually I'm speaking in I'm
speaking in comedyshortsgamer shoes
actually he made a video about two days
ago and people weren't meant alike
because he was taking the piss out of
his fans and people were saying I'm
unsubscribing but at the time JJ no no
it's JJ yeah JJ whatever reason it was
fucking name is comedyshortsgamer even
no get me a game and his brother mixed
up all the time but he will have been
thinking like oh my audience are gonna
love this he's not going to put a video
I think about it's not gonna put a video
out that his audience aren't gonna like
so you made a mistake everyone makes
mistakes and if someone makes a mistake
you can't just go crazy at them like and
without saying I'm unsubscribing or ever
it's just like I'm sorry you know I mean
like create your feedback well that's
what you need create feedback just like
you say to me look do that video is a
little bit you know a little bit a
little bit
horrible because you took the piss out
of your audience by dividing bar and
don't do it next time that's all it
needs guys I literally all it needs and
just create your feedback so yeah
that was most helpful for you guys and
let me know I've got to go because I'm
coming up to a massive roundabout in
them and then I'm holding my phone
so yeah this again I've like nine
minutes holy shit so guys yeah your
feedback is much appreciate you drop a
like rating hit me up on all my social
media in the description and I'll see
you in my next video adios guys bad
