yo what's going on guys my name is Alex
and I apologize guys I've dip bleep all
java I'm always seem to be apologizing
to you guys why should I apologize to
you guys I create videos for you guys on
an as is basis all right you guys than
all that means that means i do it on a
one but yeah and i did say the thing is
right i promised you guys that was gonna
bit learning daily on this channel and
then i said i can't do that that's too
much effort at least you can't upload
daily because not every where I go every
day has good internet and you need
obviously good incidence or with these
videos so i said are trying to come over
a couple of days but i haven't done a
video on this channel is pretty much a
week that's videos it in the channels on
hot oven freaking holiday hello pussy i
was again put again yeah well anyway yes
if you guys follow my social media well
if you guys active on my social media or
if you want to get in on my social media
then it's in down there in the
description and but yeah if you guys saw
i put a tweet out on my so if you guys
can go and look at it or favor ever
thought it was on the weekend but we're
now on the weekend with a few mates and
a few girls went to a party and ended up
getting really drunk the party the thing
is I'm not 18 year right in the venue
that we're at only eighteen Royals were
allowed to buy buy alcohol so I'm like
all right I need I need to get drunk I
don't know how I'm gonna get drunk here
so what want me to make did was we went
to a 7-eleven shop and if you guys don't
know and you're uneducated you know you
haven't been 17 yet pretty much 2017 you
almost look 18 so you can go to a
7-eleven shop and usually didn't
actually for ID right so we went and
bought a bottle of vodka they're just
ass bottle of smirnoff it was like 11
quid and we down like down dip and then
went back inside inside like the park
thing but half a bottle of vodka just
absolutely fucks with you like that
that's a guy that has you've gone right
and when we well know when I'm when I'm
pissed right when I'm pissed anyway
according to my friends I get really
loud and I get like really funny and I
like to be center of attention and one
thing led to another and ended up going
back to this girls house and staying the
night there but I woke up in the morning
and my phone you guys know my I'll show
you guys what phone I've got this the
iphone this is how much it means
an iphone 6 plus in gold 64 gig right
woke up in the morning and it was just
shattered pieces I the screen was
shattered all over so obviously i used
the front camera on my phone to do these
videos you see and it it was just what
do you want cat what one day yeah cool
yeah cool um yeah actually the phone was
just smashed like it was smashed it was
unusable i can do it i still use it by
the front hold the screen was smashed
obviously the cracks went over the glass
of the camera on the front of the screen
so the front camera was pretty much
unusable it was like a massive horrible
blur thing so i finally got a new phone
yesterday i paid 10 pound a month with
my phone contract extra for insurance
and that insurance it's like I've got a
list insurance so that's that covers
like someone's day if it gets stolen or
or well suzuka wake of his crack damage
if it gets lost at all accidental stuff
so obviously i don't know how it
happened but I just said I was out and I
worked in the morning they broke so yeah
they send you out a new one like pretty
much next day so now but a new phone I
can start doing these videos again I'm
just sort of the few more phones
actually we've got them we've got a few
more in here alright let me get these
out for you guys just to show you guys
what I've been up to been sorting out
everyone's phones recently so we've got
three more iphones here i think two of
these have already been taken on a see
there's a there's a 6 plus i can give
you guys a sari and this is just a sick
so i can give you guys a size comparison
here so this is just the six and then
that's the size difference between the
six and the six plus do you get it there
you go it's tiny but yeah so cat what
the fuck man go away give me a minute
i'm trying to do a video so yeah that's
gonna be for my mom that phone and then
those two have already been taken so we
all got all three colors we've got gold
space grey and like the white one so
when my dad's have a space grey one my
mom's had the grey one and my actual mum
is going to have the gold one so
everything's everything's good well
phoned up and everyone's everyone's
phones is is working as is so hopefully
and hopefully every
on the phone front and doing videos now
on this vlog channel is going to be a
okay hopefully and now we've got some
spare phones obviously so hopefully I
can I cannot stop doing videos in this
channel but yeah College has been really
busy so that's another thing and
obviously i was out been very hungover
very hungover i was actually quite ill
after that night work in the morning and
I'm I i I've got like a problem like if
I if I don't get enough sleep or I'm
stressed or I get too much Sun my eye
pops up like this I this one it all goes
puffy and its really worried that I
can't use it and it just looks stupid
and I'm not going to make a video like
that but it cleared it yesterday so
hopefully everything is doing fine with
mikasa mi feelin hundred percent pretty
much now and so yeah that's pretty much
it my new camera hasn't arrived yet
which i'm a bit annoyed about hopefully
that's going to come maybe tomorrow or
the day after me and Barney recorded a
video for be TV yesterday and that's
going to go up hopefully tonight so make
sure you head up to be TV by the time
you're watching this it should be up and
other than that yeah that video pretty
much just says like what we're doing
with the channels so said we've got four
channels now and you guys need to be
updated as to what's going on so the
video is going on btv tonight of of
what's going on with with my alma all
the channels and and that's it i'm going
on to new house on friday so you
probably see a vlog on friday on this
channel of me at the new house I'm
getting my bed which is going to be cool
getting a new bed so hopefully I should
do a video there but hope you guys are
doing okay I need to go get some food
I'm gonna have a sleep because I'm
really tired and it's like what day is
it today Wednesday and it's what's the
time I've past two in the afternoon
Hoppus one in the afternoon so I've just
got back from college and I'm gonna
chill out for the day so yeah hey you
guys didn't ok might as well as you guys
I've been awesome and i'll see you in my
next video howdy house where hat
