right so guys what's going on my name
Alexander never have related on the vlog
channel in in absolutely donkey's years
I've just haven't I just just haven't
done it and so I mean I think as you
guys know and I did promise you guys
like a daily vlogs I'm gonna walk inside
this thing here because to win I don't
want the winter piss you guys off take a
seat but yeah I did promise you guys
that I would be uploading daily on the
vlog channel and I haven't done it and
you guys are like oh ok then i'll let
you don't care about us and now it's not
about you know I've done a day in the
life coming out here and I did like a
massive video yesterday about what me
and my family did going out a snorkeling
and canoeing it was really good you guys
really enjoyed it so what the drone
shots are in there but the reason
happened uploading dailies because the
internet com coat just can't cope just
can't cope with how awesome all of us
are just cannot do it so it takes about
five thousand hours to upload a video
yes I'm going to make this one quick and
just so I couldn't load it quicker and
but got some information to tell you
guys so I'm back tomorrow back so Friday
Friday of this week i'm back in the UK
absolutely loved antigua as you guys
know I'm making a I've got the drone out
here so I'm making a short cinematic
when we get when I get home I'm going to
edit that together hopefully submit it
as a college project as well as showing
it for you guys and as well as for Mars
media don't want mass media is that's my
little business that I've got going on
and and and the other big bit of news is
multiple gaming's back the channel my
old channel you know my old channel mars
bar gaming yeah most of you guys have
come from that it's back its back online
then what's happened and how it happened
I think I might know how it happened I
need to speak to a few people to thank
them but its back and don't ask me what
i'm going to do yet then ask me don't
ask me if I'm going to stick with be TV
or go back to Mars bar gaming because
I'm on holiday I don't know it's a very
big decision to make and I need to take
my time to think about it I just don't
want to think about our whole day all I
know is a massive weight has been lifted
off my shoulders and and its back and I
can just chill out i feel i feel normal
again i feel i feel up to know it was
like a weight on my shoulders before
like as soon as Mars we're getting was
terminating there's always something a
bitch is gone it's just she's gone I
don't know it's just gone so I feel I
feel it feel pretty amazing and even if
it gets reader Minh ated
this even if it coming back online it
has it was just like pure chance and
it's going to get terminated again and
I've already downloaded all the videos
that way to keep like they all the ass
kameez and all the q and A's and loads
of the funny videos so even if it gets
terminated again I wouldn't be too
bothered because I've redownloaded loads
of the videos from answer by gaming so
that is awesome but I just I'm stoked
for this back and I don't know it I'll
just I can't obviously don't have to get
banned again please don't ban it out of
that channel so much I've deleted all
the videos I think it could have YouTube
not might not be happy about of with it
with the tags in the description
obviously you guys know that they
changed the terms and conditions and I
didn't know about it and then obviously
my videos got banned so I've removed
most of the videos if you guys could
leave me a favor go and check on mass by
gaming and you have to type the URL in
like youtube.com forward slash user ford
/ mask while gaming you guys can go and
check and then if there's any videos
that you can see with extra tags the
ones that i've missed and then let me
know semi them on twitter or something
much what is for the moment it's alex
BTW VX but that's pretty much it guys
this is antigua it's just been raining
um yeah it's literally just been raining
it's look at the clouds horrible
illiterate has been raining but that's
the thing with antica one minute it's
really sunny and on my arm is all my
chest is but that's what about a top and
outside there's people over there
playing by the pools and stuff over
there and so so yeah I'm burnt I'm burnt
like shit and burnt and then it's
raining and then in about five minutes
will be sunny but just look look at the
bird flying whoa it's just so cool isn't
it's just such as such an awesome place
whereas the bird gun hey so um yeah I
just I just I just love it here it's
literally paradise but yeah I'm coming
back as I set up a back on friday so
i'll i'll bring you guys some some news
four for friday am i bringing us a video
hopefully on friday or saturday or
sometime over the over the weekend or in
the near future but yeah miles by game
is back and i'm stoked and that's pretty
sure the updates I've got to you guys I
think I think I've capped it off in
about four minutes so yeah guys if it'll
be awesome if you guys could leave a
like rating drop a comment you can speak
to me on Twitter as well the comment
guys I will reply I'll try to apply to
all the comments in the comments that
obviously you guys got appreciate that
the time difference is really weird over
here it's like three in the afternoon
here and so so yeah other than that
everything's everything's going cool i'm
gonna try and get this uploaded so yeah
manners matter you guys have been
awesome drop a like rating if you
enjoyed and i'll see you in my next
video thanks guys adios
