hi so hey guys what's going on my name
is Alex and welcome back to the vlog
Channel and I just want to give you guys
live an update because I think I think
there's been a little bit confusion
going on on Twitter
so yeah apologies for my sort of looks
scrap the shower but anyway yeah that's
not what the videos about the videos
about holiday and me going away for sort
of a week which am you guys now I'm
going to Antigua and been getting a lot
of like people people saying to me Alex
have a good flight you find today and
I'm just like you know no I'm not a lot
flying today
what's happening today ISM is I'm going
down to London actually going on to
London today gonna sleep in a hotel
tonight and then tomorrow Thursday we
could have been fighting to Antigua and
that is the day that I'm gonna be doing
the day the life for you guys because
last year did one and you guys look
there's another one about about a block
so that's what's going on flying
tomorrow so by the time you see this
I'll be on my way to London to stay in
hotel overnight and then and then get
get a plane tomorrow because it's about
two hour drive from where I am now to
London stop driving down etc so that
last that's cleared that up but yeah I'm
taking the drone with me to Antigua I
thought it'd be really cool actually
actually took shit I thought it would be
I thought it'd be really cool I dare to
talk so take the drone I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna do a cinematic at it because
like that the beaches and the sea and
the towns there in Antigua they're like
they just it everything just looks
awesome and I think it's gonna look
really cool having the drone and like
flying through and just getting some
awesome shots so I'm gonna put together
a little mini a little mini edit look me
nail it together with the drone and so
it's the strollers in the suitcase are
taking its pieces I've got some of the
batteries charging just just down there
as you can see yeah just down there and
then I think I think I think I can
Courtland done now really these are the
batteries for the remote so I couldn't
know so I could turn that in and put
those in there so I'm taking the I'm
taking the
the controller in here I've got so much
stuff I'm taking actually I'm taking
obviously the Bose headphones the Bose
Soundlink mini taking a buttload of
GoPro stuff like I bought loads of stuff
I bought a new memory card bought this
thing this little box you put this on
the back and then if you drop your GoPro
in the water it just floats which is
awesome so hopefully I'm not gonna lose
that when I go jet skiing got a GoPro
charging over here with the battery pack
on because I'm going to record recording
the day-in-the-life on the GoPro
tomorrow not on my phone so that's a
thing so that is that is they're
charging one thing I can't find is my
suction cup I thought a clue where it is
it's not with all my camera stuff over
here and I don't know where then where
it is don't my suction cup is so that's
that's a really pretty for string I need
to find that and then I've got my anchor
charger anchor charger charging that's
that could charge my phone about five
times five or six times as freaking
awesome and I'll hopefully hopefully
I've got everything I'm not gonna forget
anything
forgot my freaking laptop charger last
time I've got my laptop there already
and it's a shitty charger actually you
guys just reminded me I did I just
remind myself I don't know I think I
remind myself the other thing you guys
reminded me anything I think I'm giving
you guys praise for something you didn't
do
but yes and flying flying tomorrow as
far as content goes I'm loading tonight
on the main channel I'm uploading a
channel trailer to the main channel
tonight because I don't know I feel like
the way that YouTube's going you sort of
need a channel trailer I'm not sure
though I don't know I've never done a
channel trailer like a fucking one
before so I think it'll be quite cool to
do and I think my suction cup is in here
spot to the suction cup I though it is
found you found your bitch thank you
alright so again that's that done so I
can put the suction cup I can put that
in the suitcase actually I'll put that
in a suitcase and actually I won't I'll
put it in the X I might want to do some
stuff with it on there on the aeroplane
like a time-lapse of a swallow swinging
and no-one ever get bored it's like a
nine hour flight eight or nine hour
flight something ridiculous like that so
anything to keep me entertained
I'm watching you series called lost at
the moment and it's on Netflix to
obviously I can't watch netflix on the
plane so I've managed to download them
sneaky bit of downloading Jake your
little download you can't you can't go
wrong with a cheeky download maybe after
cheeky
the cheeky vid and so yeah that is it
I've cleaned like my Mac like wiped it
clean everything so hopefully everything
yeah 26% look look at that badger can't
be going away without good I don't focus
then so I don't want you to focus anyway
and but yeah that is a that's pretty
much it uploading over seven the main
channel tonight and I'm going out I'm
going out my mum tonight because I
haven't seen my mom in ages so I'm gonna
go out with her and then I was not good
enough London so yeah I'm gonna leave
them
I've got cameras everywhere obviously
I've got cut you know you guys know that
cameras there's cameras all around the
house and stole the foscam system so
when I'm when I'm sort of away I can see
I can see what's going on and things
like that but I put this new one in here
look you guys both see because it's too
dark put a light on why get lights come
on No maybe it's dead maybe the Bulls
gone now but yeah this is where the cat
lives so this is like the cat's house
it's the toilet downstairs toilet and
he's like this cat flop down he stays in
here and gets locked in here because
obviously we didn't win him at the house
when when when I'm not here
so what I've done is I've put one at the
spa got a spare camera and I put one in
here so I can I can look at my little
kitty cat when he's it well on my way
which is which is what I've always
wanted to do and then obviously we've
got like the cameras outside as well you
see that one where and then there's one
with the thing is when you sittin up the
security system we set up a security
system you want to have cameras looking
at each other you get what I mean
so it's really difficult to explain but
say if you had one camera and just one
camera and that was it someone could
just come and smash that camera down
like from behind but if you've got a
camera looking at a camera no one can
physically come and smash that down
because you know you'd have to have you
have to have two people to smash the
cameras down at exactly the same time
you know what it's like is you guys get
it it's it's it's not least
coughing speak it's not hard to explain
like you get it you got me stupid not to
understand well but yeah that's that's
pretty much it uploading on the main
channel tonight obviously and I need to
going to put this charger in the
suitcase make sure the batteries are
charged for the drone so yes I will keep
you guys updated while I'm and hold on
the vlog Channel
and I'll try and upload the
day-in-the-life on the main channel
depending on what the Internet's like
out there not sure but anyway guys out
you enjoy the video I've enjoyed making
it
you have like rating as always is
appreciated and I will see you in my
next video oops hey guys how you guys
doing
I'll do it this way no this way are you
guys there my name is Alex and today I'm
signing off anyway
adios
