guys I do just have to admit the one
thing that I love about where I live
right now is that we are literally in an
Nature Reserve I've got this big coat on
in my room guys come to finish that
they're flying the drone literally all
that footage that I just got right there
was probably filmed about 100 meters
that way with the drone absolutely
phenomenal why is good morning to you
all how are you all doing my name is of
course Alex guys and welcome back to
another daily vlog hey boy I do bro guys
we bought you merch but say no guys
bears gain I'm greatly the hadn't bought
vertical match I didn't put that
together for nothing but saying he's
absolutely loving life look at this yes
I know bro I know it's a difficult life
my friend I know guy setup is still
looking super clean nothing has fallen
down after our cable manage video the
other day if you guys didn't check that
out please please go and do it we cable
manage this thing absolutely mentally
and then also guys in here as you can
see up here this is well I need to I
need to try and sort this out a little
bit more I used to have my whole network
running up here guys and now it's gone
all in the server rack I've just bought
all of my stuff down here so that when I
do move house all I can do is just well
unplug all of my cables and just take
everything with me unfortunately however
guys though I have got a busy afternoon
today I've got some work I need to do
I've got some clients that I need to go
and see and then after that we need to
go to the Apple store so guys I'll see
you in about three hours I've been
working all day today but I've been
waiting and saving the vlog for this
exact moment follow me there's been one
reason as to why I didn't put the whole
pod boxes open the loft with all the
other boxes I left them here because I
thought this is gonna be a really bad
product lo and behold it's a really bad
product if you want to know why it's a
bad product you can go ahead and watch
my my final force on the home pod video
right here but for now my return window
is closing tomorrow I need to take these
things back
that'll go guys I packaged up the home
pods they still even have the wrappers
around the plug sockets because I
thought that was going to be a hunch I
was gonna be taking these things back
the end of the day I spent 600 pounds on
them if these things were not 300 pounds
each if they were more comparable to the
Alexa at 150 then maybe the sound
quality is good but not amazing if you
want to watch my full breakdown video
you can click right there but we need to
take these things back to the shop so
obviously taking the home pods back to
Apple is pretty cool but that's not the
main reason I'm going back to Apple you
guys know my my macbook down here I've
had some problems with it in the past
all you guys know there's have taken it
to Apple the quibbled with me they
eventually fixed it it's it's broken
again
it's genuinely broken like they fixed
and replace the entire screen from me I
haven't had it back for more than two
months look at this so if you guys focus
in around this area here the screen
looks absolutely fine right but as soon
as you put something white over this
part of the screen can you guys see that
right and then as soon as a black
background it's fine put anything white
over it and plus the fact when they
replace the screen they must have
tightened something up really tight
inside because the screen makes a really
weird noise and the whole laptop clicks
when you try and close it
bingo so we have arrived
I made a hole opening up this let's have
that been thrown about - oh cool
good boxes so guys obviously I love the
home pose aesthetic I think it's
absolutely brilliant the sound quality
is all right for a smart speaker it's
like the best sounding smart speaker but
it's just not very smart and obviously
they can roll smartness out with
software updates so I'm hoping that I'm
going to take these back and maybe in
half a year's time when these things get
a little bit better hopefully hopefully
I buy another one and it'll be much
better than than what it currently is
right now
so guys we would turn the home pods to
Apple everything went fine they were
brilliant and then some awesome guy came
up to me and was like Alex I watch your
videos you're a legend
what's wrong with your laptop so I said
well there's this thing on the screen
and he said oh yeah
we'll get that fixed for you and it was
a sound guy I've got to take the laptop
back in a couple of weeks and get the
little NIC sorted out but overall very
very good very good service from Apple
really enjoyable experience and that is
what everybody should expect it's good
start so guys milled up bin to Apple the
shop is now closed look it's like an
abandoned shopping centre there's no one
here guys this place is usually packed
look everything's just closed this is so
weird
so guys back into the office you want to
go ahead and say that I probably will be
picking up another home pod sometime in
the not-too-distant future hopefully if
the software catches up with the amazing
hardware but at this moment in time
no stereo powering it doesn't even that
you can't even ask it questions that you
could ask it a lexer about the home pod
it just it's just ridiculous it gets a
little bit smarter tweaks itself up a
little bit it'll be a really good
product but for now it's just really not
worth the money and that warranted me to
return the item an Apple were absolutely
brilliant about it guys so a star there
brilliant brilliant stuff and they also
prompted me to bring my macbook back for
an appointment and they said they'd get
it sorted right away but holy screen on
it free of charge
they're brilliant they did a really
really good job couldn't fault anything
and the amount of problems I've had in
the past really nice it's really really
nice to see just a slight bit of
improvement good stuff
I got some amazing feedback from you
guys and that feedback was for none
other than this live streaming room this
is what you guys said in order of
popularity number one cameras
you also said mount them on these beams
of wood I need to figure out how to do
that and once that's done then we will
have the proper cameras to start live
streaming to audio you guys said invest
in some wireless headset so then you can
listen to audio and preferably ones that
you can link up so if you have some
guests round you can both listen to the
same thing
number three lighting you guys said take
another trip to Ikea and get some really
tall really nice lamps they give a
really cool soft light that will be able
to cope with the cameras and make
everything look really good and that is
what you guys said I need to do in the
last episode of this roof and I do
listen to you so let me tell you what
that is exactly what we're going to do
hopefully guys in the next couple of
weeks I will get this rube finished off
and I can't wait sweet thing guys that
is the end of the vlog I do hope you
guys have enjoyed it I need to go ahead
and move my units back because well as
you can see by by mister home pod thank
you uh Paul for giving me my money back
I wish you all the luck in the future
creating some software updates for your
product and guys I'll leave you with two
things guys buy some merch and number
two I'll see you tomorrow it's everyday
bro adios
