listen to this okay a type of iPhone if
that's not like you to say try again try
again right so I'm having a bit of a
problem I am an able to actually online
use the Apple support menu so if I go on
to the actual Apple support app it just
says it can't connect to the servers and
if I go online to try and book an up or
supports a lot it just gives me an error
code and just says there's something
wrong now I've tried this on other
people's Apple IDs and it goes through
absolutely fine but on my Apple ID I'm
not allowed to book an appointment to
take my Mac in to get it repaired to
Apple appointments books for next
Wednesday the 6th of December one for
the Apple watch and one for the MacBook
if they don't take them in and repair
them I'm not gonna be a happy bunny
there we go guys cars all clean it's
been absolutely gorgeous afternoon this
afternoon but unfortunately I've been
really busy today doing loads of working
stuff so I need some food I haven't
eaten since 8 a.m. this morning when I
had some some crunchy nuts but what
won't say was the computer is still on
fine from the other video of the day and
thank you guys for being so concerned I
appreciate that it's working still which
is brilliant
Nando's time
I come away that often I literally need
a black card it's mental oh no much
wound that's better Nando's I do like it
though
it's the only way to go when you come to
Nando's and I'm not trying to you know
put a front on or anything I genuinely
like it
every day I'm a daily blogger
so this is what's gone down today in GTA
mega this is what has happened today
guys legitimately do with a yeah so I
guess guys the end of the month and the
end of the month means invoice time so I
have to send a sheet of paper out to
everybody that buys internet from me
with the service they get and the price
of it it's called an invoice and I have
to do that to all of my clients takes a
long time it's very very boring but then
called Apple and the reason I called
Apple is because well I think my Apple
ID turns out my Apple ID is banned from
making Apple support slots I'm not
joking can't connect to Apple servers
and if I do it online no matter what
date or time slot I pick I just get this
we're sorry you go and try this with
your Apple ID if you have one I've tried
it with my friends Apple ID they can
book slots up so that you fine but my
Apple ID
it's just banned
so this week's portion of a Q & slay and
if you don't want Q & slay is there
something that I've just made up about
two minutes ago and it's our usual Q&A
that we do but now I'm calling it Q and
so sometimes what we'll do is we'll
change the Q and a answer to actions and
I'll ask you guys a question and I'll go
and act upon it so you guys run the vlog
tell me what to do in it this week I'm
gonna do a little bit of everything
I'll start out guys with some questions
to work up against the world for God so
much wood would a world shook this is
the video of ksi falling off my boosted
board and we all forward or what lay of
wha can you do a vlog addressing the new
merge future plans at the house New
Year's resolutions and just 2018 in
general so guys if you didn't know about
the merch click the link in the
description or go to this link right
here shop Mars bar doctor at UK there
you can enter your email address and
when the shop goes live you will receive
a percent off code one of the main
questions I've had is Alex can I get
some merch for Christmas will it be out
before Christmas will it arrive before
Christmas and yes yes yes the merch will
be out before Christmas guys
don't you worry and I'm not doing normal
youtuber crappy merch stare at the
camera for 10 seconds whilst heavy
breathing nothing else just breathing
that nice breath can you do a day where
you vlog with the iPhone X maybe if
that's what you guys want then let me
know and I try and do a vlog of the
iPhone X then they'll be really iconic
actually because well I've probably got
the most expensive vlogging rig on the
whole of YouTube this has been shot on
the iPhone X front facing camera so let
me know if you want to do a whole blog
and try and do it as cinematic as I can
on a iPhone I think guys that would
actually be a really really fun task
for some reason the office car park is
closed they're doing some maintenance
with the bins or something so I've had
to park just down the road from the
office and it's absolutely freezing
outside I think the car earlier said
half a degree
it's almost freezing do a launch in your
jcw Alex really guys another one you are
another launch I mean this cars
phenomenal so I'll do one turn the car
off then you put your foot on the brake
turn the car on put it into drive then
into manual and then you put it into
sports and then you activate the sport
display and then you put it into
traction control turned off and then
it's ready for launch control you put
your foot on the brake and then on the
acceleration three
and now six they don't stop tops now the
actual guys real reason that I've come
out tonight is because I want to try and
take some photos of the car because
apparently pointlessblog in Casey nice
that's talked about camera gear today
and one of you guys has asked me to - so
this is my sony a7s mark - with a 2.8 16
to 35 g master lens let's take some
snaps and here we are guys I'm in the
middle of absolutely nowhere and there's
loads of roadworks here and I've parked
in the midst of all the road
guys this is the primary reason as to
why everybody needs CCTV right suppose I
told you guys today I've been super
super super super busy around 1 p.m.
this afternoon I was sad this desk doing
my invoices as I told you guys earlier
just before I started washing the car
and I was not busy all morning I wasn't
even looking at the notifications on my
phone and I should have been because
somebody was in my office so pleasure
just got back for the evening and
started looking through my notifications
and seen that at 1 p.m.
1:40 p.m. at 12:58 p.m. as motion
detected in my office and I'm like hang
on a minute I wasn't in my office at
12:58 p.m. and this is what I saw
who's that oh I was in that office
tonight this afternoon after that happen
that's so weird
it makes me chill things like this
happen to me all the time people come in
and do and look at my stuff and move my
stuff and I got this buying office
probably somebody that works there and
I'm gonna have to ask everybody tomorrow
I'm not even gonna get chance tomorrow
because I'm at Mercedes - mom Oh No okay
I'm gonna figure out who the hell that
is
and what's going down and why they were
in my office i lock my office doors is
why everybody needs to invest in
security because what the hell I would
have never known about that I would have
never known that somebody's been in my
office that has given me the creeps
there's something about something being
like you all wrong personal space and
then someone being in that space that
just really really really freaks me the
hell out so for now guys - Malick's you
guys have been awesome guys stay awesome
keep smiling and guys if you missed
yesterday's one click here and if you
not subscribe click right here we need
to find out who the hell was in the and
I'll see you guys in tomorrow's Mercedes
filled vlog adios
