I so hey guys what's going on my name is
Alex and welcome to another video on the
vlog channel yes and I've my clothes on
I need to try and find some clothes I
don't know what to wear and I've
literally I don't forgot to show you
guys and I think the connection and then
you see those two-bit massive bin bags
down there they're full of like old
clothes and stuff so what I need to do
is take those to the charity shop
because they're all closed that I don't
want so what I've done is I've like
organized oh oh my clothes so but like a
lot of a lot of stuffs a lot of stuff is
is you know sort of down there because
that's what I'm taking on a holiday and
and then I've got like oh my posh stuff
ever hears they've got like my jackets
and jumpers and am I tweed there but yes
I need to put some clothes on but what I
want to tell you guys that was a prime
example telling you that that is the
pile that I'm taking to Antigua so if
you guys don't know i'm going to Antigua
on Wednesday at this week I might try
and get it uploaded up on the main
channel on Brooks TV between now and
then not sure if i'll be able to i've
got a video in mind i want to make buddy
to plan this video and write a script
for it if everything if i'm going to do
it so if you guys want to sit video on
Brooks TV you want me to work hard and
get a video out before i go to Antigua
and Brooks TV then please let me in the
comment section down below if I see a
lot of people and a lot of thumbs up on
this video i will put together the video
obviously I'll know that you guys want
it but yes they look a lot of you guys
know Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex
you're doing a daily life get into a
trigger and yes I am I'm gonna make it
the best freaking day and I've ever
we're gonna have those a cool music like
this
look like that yeah I like this song
actually it's quite cool and but yeah um
yeah so we're going to do a day in the
life i'm going to make it absolutely
epic I've ordered some new memory cards
for my gopro hero4 and i'm going to try
and upload I don't know how this is
going to work but I'm going to try and
record some stuff in 4k i'm going to try
it all 2.7 k rather i'm going to try and
record it them in 2.7 k on the hero for
don't know if I'm gonna be able to
upload it open Antigua obviously into
Antigua the internets well sketchy so it
might upload properly but I'm going to
try and make this the best freaking day
life ever because I know a lot of you
guys found my channels of the day the
lives and stuff and I really enjoyed
going I didn't think I was ever going to
go to Antigua again so when I lost the
last day in the life video because Mars
bar gaming was closed shut down it's
quite upset but I managed to get it back
but yeah I'm gonna make another one with
the hero for I'm gonna vlog the whole
day day in the life going to Antigua on
the hero for so that should be up friday
this week so make sure you guys are
looking for that I'm going to try and
hire a jet ski as well get some cool jet
ski videos and buying borrowing am i but
you know Barney the ginger guy who's on
the main channel a lot barring a load of
this GoPro stuff cuz it go pro guys got
let's go for I've got as a GoPro stuff
I've got like the floaty floaty backdoor
and there's a cool go pool but I'm going
to borrow his peephole I've ordered a
nice new 190 megabytes a second SD card
to make sure that the to make sure that
it records properly until onto the card
because I've read that the SD card that
i use isn't really for my camera so
whatever and i really want to take the
drone and my dad said I can take the
drone to Antigua but um I don't know if
I want to then if I just want to enjoy
it or I want to go there and you know
have a day filming with the drone I
think it will be in the same and I might
speak about that about it you know I can
take the charger in the batteries and
everything over its really really really
awesome antique it'd be awesome to do
like a a video like that but that
depends if you guys if you guys would
like that as well would you guys like
let's do a video over in Antigua with
with the drone would you guys how about
we do you think that is awesome anyway
yeah let me know
but that is a that's premature i only
got some clothes on now and i'll see you
guys in a short while it would appear to
me that i am what some people would call
dressed but i don't think i am i make a
look too dark oh well yes but anyway i
need to leave for college and what what
time is it now I hosted 137 then I was
thinking shit let's leave in about hour
to go to college so there's been hour
just to get my just get my stuff sorted
out so yeah as I said I founder I
cleaned everything all my clothes out
yesterday going to Antigua with that I
know it's not I know it's not a lot of
clothes I don't take a lot of clothes
like thing is going to Antigua right if
I'm going to be filming in Antigua I've
got shirts I've got like three three or
four shares if I'm going to be on the
beach was your most of the time I've got
three or four pairs of shorts you know
like that's that's literally all I need
I don't need anything else is no point
in taking anything else you just a
wasted like foot space um yeah I'm going
to gym later Barney texted me last night
me and Barney hit the gym on a regular
basis we go like every single day and
abs if I hit a lot of comments actually
get bin the sort of giving a bit of an
ego boost and you guys are like the Oh
Alex give us a workout routine and I'm
like why why I like well you look at me
looking pretty decent you know yeah the
gym down you and I'm like yeah so you
girls like give her an ego boost but you
mean give you give you a workout routine
literally you all just tell you what to
do George tell you what I do thing is
I'm not that bothered about looking big
I know a lot of a lot of lads go to the
gym and the like I just wanna look big
so i can pull I think it was shit
obviously if you want to want to be I
just want to be like sort of I just want
to build a core strength you know I mean
like be strong that I'm not bothered
about looking big and I give a shit I
just want to be I want to be strong and
so I prefer to look terrible a light
looked oh and obviously i don't like a
fucking knob like looking fucking huge
do i don't know her twat but anyway yeah
so i go to the gym and lift weights
that's all I do and I swim I lied to a
lot of swimming I'm a good swimmer and
you got be good at something I'm going
to
okay and so were yeah that'sthat's that
and going to the gym after college need
to leave for college in about an hour I
will be taking oppa tape taking Liam and
whip to college today and see if we can
see her I think she's that lag she's
nice and clean as well hey this year's
as bay they're good right so yeah she's
all nice and clean for one so we've got
some nice weather here in here in here
in the use of the K and so that that's
that is gorgeous that is lovely and I
found this little thing as well then I'm
showing you guys on my shit so it's rug
channels for I found this cool little
thing let me try and put I currently put
it on it's like a really long thing you
like fold it over and put it on your
wrist and it looks put looks pretty
swaggalicious ever do say so myself
found this under my bed as well this is
like lacoste but if you don't think if
you get lacoste over in America or
anywhere else but the UK but this is
like aftershave and I found it under my
bed along with that unlike as a win
that's at your winnings I like the small
knives like what's the point in going
out and not smelling nice you've gotta
like you forgot about have you have your
signature stint there you go no mess no
bother and a lot of you guys I'm us what
the bows are like and I loved them the
noise cancelling is insane i sat in the
car yesterday good near a fucking thing
okay we could've had a car crash for I
know I wouldn't have known you know I
mean it's just it's just sick and but
the base is a little bit lacking on them
as soon as I'm like a basehead have you
seen the size of my sub look at that
bastard I like my base and they're not
very good at reproducing base but
they're very crisp and they they give
you a very neutral sound it's it's it's
a very nice that they're not very nice
sound of het accounts fucking speak
they're very nice pair of sounding
headphones but the base is a little bit
lacking obviously you can EQ it on the
deck i use a fire DAC to boost the
volume as I boost the boost the base on
there you know you can you can you can
get a fairly basic but you don't mean
you have to you have to alter them to
get base they don't come with Lo de base
they're not base every set of headphones
is what I'm trying to say I hope but
yeah that is that's been it for today's
like little update video to kill it chi
kittle / video right we're going to take
a look at the video
for a cheeky gym session and then I'm
also gonna have a cheeky Nando's a
little bit later you can't go wrong with
a cheeky Nando's can you a little cheeky
Nando's i'm going to go over to cheeky
college i'm gonna get the cheek car gets
a cheeky cheeky college get a cheeky gym
have a cheeky swim i'm going to come
home and I'm gonna play this cheeky
little video hello chica video you can't
go wrong with a cheeky video Kenya oh
dear I'm gonna I'm definitely gonna have
to do that guys give me some give me
some I make a proper video on this but
if you guys still watching give me some
ideas down in the comment section down
below as to my apparel and so what you
want me to well drop might like my
clothes to say what would you want them
to join them to say bye I want one was
obviously be TV on it but I want to make
some some like cool apparel for you guys
so like with saw my sayings on them so i
say cheeky a lot don't have so we could
have we could we could we could turn
into my sayings and i'd say it like
every little video so much hey guys
welcome to a little cheeky video a
little tricky video you can't go wrong
with a cheeky video so yeah I don't know
if something like that and I also take
fat to like we're gonna get fact so I'm
gonna have hashtag fact I'm one of the
shirts so if you guys got any other
ideas or anything that I want to
anything that you want on the t-shirts
or anything anything that I say or do I
don't think thats related to the YouTube
channel or us then drop it in the
comment section down below but I'm
definitely going to sort of like make
some sort of saying that you guys can
relate to this YouTube channel to like I
know other youtubers have got like the
sayings that on the top on the top of my
head you've got fucking and you've got
Roman art would he says smile more like
that sees phrase you've got I don't know
and I'm trying to pick up shut brains
gone dad you've got em you've got a Joe
Weller who goes now sexy illegitimate
and then you've got you know what me
like these sorts of sayings and I want a
lot like those guys to have a say and so
we can go and be like oh that's extra
lot of time at heart smile more not me
like I just want us go sort of have
something to relate to like we can get
on and you guys can say to your friends
and it I don't know I used to say a lot
i used to get us a nice piece of kit
that's the last thing that's nice piece
of kit that you can't go wrong in the
last basic kit I just want some alike I
don't know some of that's relatable but
yeah and still
thinking still in the early days of the
youtube channel and I've sort of
restarted my youtube life like I'm
taking this as a fresh start like I'm
totally going to forget miles by gaming
because it hurts too much to remember it
I had 47,000 subs and I thought I don't
remember it so I'm just going to start
again with YouTube we r 6 k subscribers
on the main channel that's a little bit
more we've got more stops on this
channel make sure you guys subscribe to
Brooks TV but the main channel because
that's all point of this anyway yeah I'm
gonna leave it here for today guys and
yeah my arm starting to hear that's why
I've been all over the corny you guys
probably get involved so yeah my husband
likes you guys have been awesome and
i'll see you in wait a sec my next video
ok bye guys
