is it is it recording yes it's recording
right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome to another vlog
on my vlogging Channel now it's Thursday
today Thursday is usually a very good
day what the hell is this bag down here
as usual this is a mysterious bag of
pain in my room I think this is here's a
hero 3 + C now that's Barney oh
sorry man
I think that's Barney's stuff but yes a
lot of you been asking Alex Alex work
where the hell is the chili challenge
dude you're doing the chili challenge
well the Chili's are in here right
here's the Chili's these are the Chili's
but as you can notice probably notice in
there quite a lot of their Chili's are
gone well three of those Chili's ago and
actually well because do you want to
know why those chilies are gone one of
them is in my stomach right so
last night about midnight me Barney and
Toby sat down to the challenge and we
did the challenge and we recorded it and
I'm currently editing it right now so be
prepared for that video to drop this
Friday guys it's insane well I'm just a
little bit of editing this is we've got
a multi-camera setup going on but more
about the chiller challenge and like the
experience of it so we sat down we were
delaying for ages we've made it really
funny actually but like a funny intro
going our own stuff actually I can show
you guys actually but pretty much pretty
much what we did this week we've got the
three chillies set them out on the table
we did we did a funny intro and then and
then we did it and then which is like
right let's do it so we don't went three
two one and you put the chili in in your
mouth right and the moment it hits your
mouth you think you think you think you
know oh this is this is quite hot
this is some soup this is a bit syrupy
right now but it's not like it's not
like really hard heat like it's heat you
can cope with just about so you put in
the mouth you start doing it it's like
this is this is pre this is actually
pretty hot right and then once it
spinning them off about 15 seconds you
know you trying to chew it nice and fast
so you can swallow it and get it down
you obviously you have to swallow the
whole thing um after about 15 seconds I
can't remember what it was I can't
remember I think I think my brain went
dead it's crazy
it's the heat is unexplainable it's it's
like a doubt it's like someone's
we tongue out so that someone I can't I
can't explain it so once you've
swallowed it and then it just starts to
burn and burn a burn and the burns there
and it's like it's getting worse but
it's not it's the same pain all the way
through and it lasts for about half an
hour right and that thing is right
that's the people people drink milk
right I'll tell you why they drink milk
pretty much what you do is you drink
milk and while the milk is in your mouth
it restores your mouth so it's back to
normal again for about three seconds
then after those three seconds the pain
comes back whether the milk is in your
mouth or not you can spit it out you can
put in fresh milk in it it's fine and
then three seconds later I don't know
what happens it might even might because
the milk the milk heats up as soon as it
goes in your mouth I'm not sure but the
cold milk in your mouth for three
seconds makes it like better I've got
it's really hard to understand a car
which you guys actual video so you can
see what happens but there's a little
bit of a twist on it and I want it to be
I want it to be good for you guys and I
really want this ability
I'm really trying with Brookes TV I want
all the videos to be as professional and
as funny as possible yeah I know with
Mars bar gaming we did we did you know
we did we did a whole manner of videos
within gaming stuff and we did like just
videos and me chatting and being like
friendly with you guys but with Brookes
TV that's not what I'm going for with
Brookes TV I want to I want to sort of I
want to create funny content content
that you guys can show your friends
content that a lot of people will enjoy
and I know you guy know you guys enjoy
it because you enjoyed the video that we
invited where we did the work talks
about sexual experiences you enjoy the
banana and Sprite challenge the videos
are going to be like that on this
channel like all of them but the videos
aren't going to be uploaded as
frequently I'll publicly read two or
three times a week and upload trying
upload daily on this vlog channel so you
guys can see what I'm doing around my
life because I love YouTube as a
platform to show you guys what I'm doing
around my life I think that's awesome
and then I love creating videos and I
love creating videos like big ones with
my friends and stuff and so now I'm not
going to the gym today and I thought I'd
have a day off because you know
obviously I've been on a toilet a lot
today there's a red ring of fire on the
back of me tell you now right the first
the first time against the toilet after
you do the challenge it's it's awful it
sort of like the pain in your mouth it's
gonna sound really awful the pain in
your mouth like that pain is this
same pain like in your ass like it's not
it's not even it's not even it's not
even cool
I wouldn't recommend you do it anyway
I'm not gonna talk about the challenge
anymore because you guys are gonna see
the video but this is the stuff we
record it with we had to count six 50s
and a GoPro recording up there I'll show
you guys actually now you want me to be
able to hear it but this is this is the
new intro this is my new intro right so
there it is large trying give you guys a
wide shot what's up with that it looks
pretty cool I'll take it's still up
Ashley for the thumbnail there we go and
there's a pretty much this is what
happens right I'll try and put my
headset on the floor like this so you
guys can hear it right so this is my new
intro right ready right that's the new
intro there you go hey guys I'm not
gonna show you guys anymore of the intro
because I want it to be a surprise the
intro is freaking awesome the same guy
that did the mask what gaming's intro
did this one and I'm really actually
grateful it didn't want any money for it
because he said it was a shame that you
luxury last channel and I really enjoy
your videos and stuff so yes and that
that's that's that's really that's
really cool and I'm really looking
looking forward to showing you guys the
new insurance stuff and getting it in
all the content so that's that's that
challenge out of the way well so we got
to talk about these bad boys please you
guys wanna Alex how the Bose headphones
treating you well I'm watching a series
called lost at the moment on Netflix and
I'm using these every night to listen to
what was a series and I had them out I
took them to college to the day I listen
to music in college and the amount of
work I got done with these headphones on
was it was incredible like obviously
they've got noise cancelling so as soon
as you turn that switch on it uses the
microphone to pick up noise and then
cancels the app so you can't hear
anything sort of at all people
chattering to me while I'm trying to
work and I can actually get on with work
I actually got some work done in college
which was insane i sat on my laptop
usually I'm pissing about put my
headphones on I was in my own world have
a little bit of music on so that is that
I am very happy with the headphones I
should be for two hundred eighty quid
but yeah I'm gonna take them to Antigua
which is gonna be sick and then a
company called what's his company called
here Alpine Alpine have sent me out
obviously they didn't realize that my
actual tech my cuz my tech channel is
still only
YouTube just thought I can't access it
they've sent me out a pair of Alpine
tweeters to put in my car and do a
review on but obviously I don't have a
tech channel to upload them on so what
I'm going to do is I'm gonna install
them in my car these tweeters I'm
probably gonna put them up on the
dashboard see what I think see what I
think of the sound of them see if the
see if they make it freakin insane
they're only small actually they're
really cool there is little tweeters
I'll make it sound awesome and about
these little blocks which improve the
sound quality and then I'll do a video
when I move house and I'm gonna create a
new touch on technology channel when I
move the house anyway so yeah that is
that but other than that yeah that's
what's going on it's Thursday today I've
got to edit the videos I've got to put
those in my car everything this video is
gonna be a right Beurling because it's
half an hour long as I've said I'm only
one I'm only going to include the good
bits so I'm gonna get that that edit it
and there's a new firmware upgrade for
this bad boy which which makes it even
more interesting and so I need to
upgrade that as well but other than that
guys that is that is pretty much it for
today's for today's video I would hope
you enjoyed if you have a like rating is
awesome it's tell me I get any problems
send me a tweet it's Alex be tvx on
Twitter like the Facebook page all the
links should be in the description if I
remember to do it I'm really busy today
guys unfortunately I've got some work to
do as well some websites to updates and
things like that but the weather's
turning really by let's give you
guys an update on the new house and
stuff soon and I will be doing a day in
the life when I go to Antigua because
the last one got taken away from me
YouTube took the last one down with my
last channel and that video a lot of
that video meant so much to me so we're
going to Antigua again this year
first-class Bible are all the same as
last year and then to a day in the life
but I'm gonna make it frickin epic and I
can't wait I can't wait to bring you
guys along with me for that hopefully
the internet works over in Antigua
because it was a bit hit and miss last
time if you go if you guys remember you
guys are here from last time when I went
to Antigua
you're freaking awesome anyway yeah mine
is unless you guys have been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video adios guys
I'm gonna try stop it with this button
here pull up pull up ridiculous face to
end the video
