hey guys how you guys doing my name is
alex and oh look was a parcel oh that
was another box I've got some stuff to
tell you guys like right now is gonna be
a quick one tonight because I'm up doing
an upload i'm uploading on I'm be TV
tonight guys to make sure you you were
you check it out my grading on btv
tonight however just thought I'd bring
you guys a cheeky little video on here
it's been a day since I spoke with you
on here and these I did I really did
want to do daily videos on it like
really do believe daily videos and a but
the thing is my life's not that
interesting like seriously it's not it
probably I'd know it probably is but i
can't i can't be asked I can't be asked
to video every day like I'm with people
Iconix like work out a camera I'm in
mid-conversation their meeting which but
like any other day I'm just doing a
video just give me give me give me five
minutes when I talk to my guys anyway
yeah how you guys doing my name is alex
and i've got two little parcels and what
one here and and and one here now these
these limiters i'm very excited and can
very excited just ordered these 280
pound headphones these are the bose
noise cancelling qc25 now I've wanted
these for such a long time and I just
thought to myself pardon the frigging
French I just thought it just just
buy it just by haven't bought anything
in ages and I've saved it loads
of money you guys are I'm going about
I'm gonna buy a new camera soon I'm
looking at the sony fs700 fs700 there
about five grand so I've been saving up
for ages but for Jesus I'm going on
holiday soon I've had my in-ear bose
headphones for about had no half a year
now it's time for an upgrade so I've got
those which I'm going to I'm going to
unbox later but I think I'm not sure
what's in here I'm going to keep it this
way around just so you guys can't see my
dress I try and prop you guys upon the
bose box wait I don't want it to zoom in
it's not zoomed in as it now right try
and proper you guys up here and I will
try and open this or try and see what's
inside here
you ready for this oh oh god this is
smell absolutely disgusting oh god they
smell like death they genuinely smell
like death they smell like death these
are the ghost chilies holy balls the
Naga chili's right these are the hottest
chilies in the actually it now
they're huge look at that one
what is that I'm breaking this
grown in India Oh God oh no what am i
doing to myself this is not cool oh no
no no no okay so yeah if you guys don't
know I'm going to be doing the chili
challenge soon and I've got a few
chilies chili videos to cook to come up
but this is this is crazy this is oh god
there's some of this I open up and it
smells like death like I'm not happy I
need to open my headphones because i
need i need to make myself happy again
but yeah just come back from the gyms
and my hair's like well floppy and he's
only thing else to tell you guys just a
short one today really well so let's
tell you um not much video on btv
tonight a video about my sexual
experiences my sex life not really about
just about my sex life it's a video me
and Barney done pretty funny you guys
need to check it out anyway about a bit
put btv at about 6pm so don't know what
you what beer you guys will see first
but if you enjoyed the btv video and
you're watching this one after then let
me know and if you didn't let me know
how I can how I can improve it and but
yeah anyway not much not much else has
gone on if you guys want to see some
sort of I don't know like mini review on
this channel of the bose headphones
they're my old ones i bought those of
both products I've got the bows mmm I
eat too i and the bose soundlink minis
and which is the portable speaker and
but yeah i just been a college today i
had to do a presentation has a
presentation about a short film that i
was that was scripting that I've just
that I've written the script for so yeah
that was interesting pitched it I think
I pitched it really well 4minute pitch
pitched in the short script and I think
I think it's all going to go ahead so
hopefully the short film I'm the arm
that I'm i'm doing is gonna be six lib
you've just made it into my video I know
how much you far it's been a video
Liberty rumor oh yeah I was three mins
late to be exact cool so look at all of
you guys oh is this is what I'm to
deal with them on facebook Messenger
like I don't reply on facebook Messenger
if you message me on facebook Messenger
you won't get reply because they've got
like too many messages I have to just
turn it off I just don't use it the
reason why one of my ipad is because I
don't use my iPad end to sell that thing
do you guys want my ipod let me know in
the comments anyway yeah this is short
one today just a cheeky little update
and not mine on watch is going on really
I need to clean my cards bloody
disgusting sure you guys outside they
didn't see ya there she is down man
focus phone whoo to the dare like on the
side hello yeah that's the dirt on the
side so yeah she needs the clean but
she's being a beast she's just chillin
being a beast as usual so yeah I bring
you guys I bring you guys a video
tomorrow night tomorrow night me and
Barney are actually planning on some
pranks now if you guys have got any
video I had any ideas for pranks then
please tweet me we want to do loads of
funny hilarious really bad pranks public
pranks pranks that I can do on Barney
pranks that I'll gotta feel sick after
smelling those chilies I'm gonna eat one
and products I can do on any one prime
so I can do my dad let me know
pranksjust pranks you guys got pranks
and let me know in the comment section
down below but yeah and that's been it
from me today you guys been awesome my
nights and i'll see you in my next oh no
there's one more thing I forgot to tell
you i forgot to freak and tell you um
the intro is done for be TV and it's
 sick like the intro issues its
top dog and i do want to make a few
changes to it though so i need to speak
to hazy about about those any minor
changes i absolutely love the intro like
it's everything that the last intro was
on mars bar gaming but but updated its
like modern it's got lens flare
as its got like glitches the music is
like trap music so it's it's just cool
guys and I can't wait to show you guys
definitely stay tuned for the intro it
might be in the video on btv tonight I'm
not sure but it will be coming out very
soon so yeah my name's Matt you guys
have been awesome and i'll see you in my
next video adios press the button quick
