right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome back to another
vlog now today it's February 1st and
today is well not a sad day for me but a
remembrance day because what I'll show
you I'm just put a tweet out I've
actually only just got up here and as
you can see here sooner the first today
is Peter Brooks his birthday and if you
don't know Peter Brooks is my granddad
is the one that died of cancer is the
one that this this guy is the one is my
inspiration my grandbaby was just he was
just insane you never let anything get
him down and this is like me like I
never let anyone get me down like I'm
allergic to never to T negative people
go where there's no path and leave a
trail you guys need to be like not I'm
gonna do a video on this soon like not
about my granddad but I'm gonna do a
video I'm staying positive because I
know a lot of people fail to do it but
something that didn't really piss me off
was this guy and he put this comment on
my last video on this channel on the
vlog channel Annie Annie put
illegitimate Lea put this on in the
comments right and I don't know how
someone dare put this how happy go right
I'm not I'm really not bothered that you
said this about my granddad that doesn't
bother me all I know is that this guy is
not gonna live a very nice life if he's
got obviously a very nice family
obviously another very life some nice
life he just needs to I've blocked him
so you can't you guys can't see the
comment but this is what he said you put
haha you're getting banned from YouTube
yes the finally the gods have realized
what a total spanner you are Oh plus
your granddad died of cancer
ha ha ha ha ha ha yeah you are tuned
aren't ya ok now who says like that
you've got me that you love you messed
up in the head you've got really messed
up in the head but anyway what I'm
trying to do today guys is ya know like
a state unless you just got up
it is 11 it is 11 that time and what I'm
doing is I'm actually using the back
camera on my iPhone six-plus so it takes
it uses the optical image stabilization
and what I'm trying to do is upload this
video in 1080p on on the YouTube app on
here so hopefully the quality will be
loads about on these vlogs from now on
obviously what when I'm at home I can do
this quite easily and when I
get internet like 4G when I'm in town
and stuff but say if I'm like somewhere
I've only got a 3G or shitty internet
might upload them in 720p except you but
I'm gonna try and use the back camera
from now on just simply because it's
it's just a bit better quality um so
yeah today you can see what I was doing
last night I think I was up to like 1:00
in the morning last night eating the
what this is a tell us about in it you
know that maples they're not maple syrup
but why is it golden syrup stuff I think
she'd got golden syrup poured in here
that mixed it so that's golden syrup and
Nutella and then there's like milk there
that's vile I know I need to clear this
my room is so messy I'm quite a viewing
tomorrow of the house obviously you guys
know trying to sell this house because
I've just bought a new one so we've got
a viewing tomorrow someone's coming back
for a second viewing and we think we
think there's gonna buy on this house
and they're gonna buy my bedroom and
 so hopefully they do and then we
can get moving on with the new setup
I've just ordered my desk from the new
house that's it I'm getting another
custom-made desk
it's a respective furniture if you don't
know bespoke means it just means like
it's just gonna be called just like
rounded edges I've spent a lot but I
spent 800 pound on my desk simply
because I'm gonna have this desk fill I
probably the rest of my life and all the
work I do cuz obviously you guys know
I've run mass media the YouTube I'm
constantly a desk constantly doing
something at a desk so like syndicate
said Israelis video he spent a lot of
money on his bed rightly enough he said
that you spend half your life in your
bed so you may as well spend a lot of
money on it I spend a freaking lot of
time at a desk so I'm gonna spend a lot
of money on a desk so I can't wait to
bring you guys the new setup video when
we get into the new house I'm gonna
bring you guys any updates on this
channel on the blog channel of the new
house as humanly possible but there's
not much going on at the minute the
rooms have just been decorated don't
have them some videos on those on the
decorated room and stuff in the past but
that's pretty much the last thing that
happens I'll probably do another video
when my desk is installed a bloody body
blah and that'll be it but one cool
thing I've done today is of the never be
able to show I won't be able to show you
guys but I've ordered a pair of bows
what are they bows well are they quiet
comfort 25 the noise cancelling
headphones because as you guys know I'm
going to Antigua again yes
my dad has treated us again but that
said last year he took us to Antigua on
a first-class flight now first-class is
where you get like the you get you in
private bay in the air in the aeroplane
and he said this is a once in the
lifetime thing enjoy it so I did a day
in the life of it
I must well gaming obviously that's gone
now but I did get that video back by the
way what I was gonna reload it because I
really liked that video but what I
thought guys is dad said this year he
said you know what we're gonna go again
we're just commit to it again so I'm
going to the same place exactly the same
place Blue Lagoon
going first class on virgin flights and
I'm just gonna vlog the whole thing
again and redo redo it and it's gonna be
awesome just to see just to see all
again from the second year perspective
and I think I think I think this that's
what they also know I'm gonna go I'm
gonna hire a jet ski and we're gonna do
the jet ski video again and we're just
gonna remake a whole load of videos on
the new channel guys and I think it's
just gonna be gonna be really cool but
it's some day today and some days
generally my my board just chilling out
day he's like almost midday I'm still
freaking in bed um so so yeah that's
what's going on I thought I'd just give
you guys a little bit of an update and I
will I will catch you guys if we're
gonna go anything more to update before
6 p.m. tonight so yeah
were you doing Jakob Watson watching
what you're watching Incredibles right
so I have just sort of attempted to tidy
things up just a little bit just because
we've got obviously people come
interview tomorrow so I've obviously
tied it up a little bit desk is looking
fairly tidy yeah I've got the map now
cleaned over all my Mac and stuff and
all the all the iPhones and I'll clean
the iPad over there so everything's
looking tip-top shape in tip-top shape
so yes I think we're all ready for the
viewing tomorrow but yes how are you
guys doing today's been really boring
haven't turned this thing around like
doosh yeah today's been it's been been
really boring I've been I've been
tidying I ended up making the neighbors
bin and putting it like outside the
window like down there and he's chucking
stuff out the window into the bin
because I've got a under my bed and
I managed I managed to get the blue his
microphone to work I've managed to sort
out the USB thing but the thing is if
you take this cable i'll it will never
work ever again so this cables got to
stay into it so what I'm going to do is
get some get some like super glue glue
this cable into it and then just get a
USB extender on this end and then I can
use that microphone again which is quite
cool just like a hundred pound
microphone obviously I'm using the rode
NTSB for now but yeah I've got a little
bit more work to do tonight it's gonna
get some tea need to grab something to
eat so that is that but yes sunday
really lazy day work and and then
cleaning and just random random
we're really boring actually it's kind
of boring Sunday about and ages and what
about the new house for a bit just to
check everything's going okay and
everything is as usual boring and so so
yeah how's your how's your guys how's
your guys thing you been weakened or
ever weakened you how's your weekend bin
and how is your guys doing you guys
could like oh you guys don't know but
I've got a Facebook page as well you
guys can like the Facebook page it is
called Mars bar gaming I can't change
that
so yeah but I'll put all stuff on
like the set up videos and stuff see you
guys could never miss an upload upload
by the bar follow me on Twitter as usual
I don't want to materials I think it's
Alex be tvx
yeah it is though it is Alex be tvx and
that has been pretty much it that photo
is hilarious yeah
Sunday's been been been pretty pretty
boring so yeah guys let me know what you
sent there's been like triple light
written if you with the video might as
much because I'm been awesome icx with
you yes Boop
