right so hey guys what's going on my
name is alex and i've got be quiet i'm
in the i'm in the the actual office of
dad's restaurant right now look you can
see all the freaking all the cameras of
everybody working and everything is
really cool it's a dark outside it's
pretty late i can change all the music
as well but anyway yeah and top and
bottom of the story and it's tell you
guys really quickly and is that muscle
box is fixed i managed to find a forum
last night if and if you guys have an
issue with your chances what you need to
do this I've try and link it in the
description but I might not be up to
find it you're searching Google what I
searched in google was 2015 sub box
videos not going to sub box and a forum
came up and it was of like a YouTube
executive saying link me your channel if
your videos aren't going to the sub box
and I will sort it for you so I linked
him a linked linked him to the video i
linked in to my channel and five minutes
later I've got theirs at we can you guys
was in Alex you're like videos occurred
the sub boxes so if you see videos in
your sub boxes and it's just because you
know and you've already seen them is
just because my channel just been fixed
and all the videos and I'll going to sub
boxes so over the next few days I'm
gonna be I'm gonna have to reupload a
few videos so I've just reloading the
banana and Sprite challenge tonight it
would really awesome even if you guys if
you guys already watched them I would
really appreciate it if you guys could
just click on the video and give it a
like rating even if you've already seen
you guys it just helps the channel out
as you guys know my channels obviously
books TVs obviously small I'm trying to
kick off again really need your guys
support on this so if you guys see the
videos and you've already watched them
it will be awesome if you guys could
just click on them give them a view and
also give them a like rating or maybe a
comment saying wherever you guys can say
you can say purple titties if you want
really don't care but any interaction on
the video is to boost them and I would
really really you know an emotion out I
would appreciate it guys so it's just
getting off my chest if you guys see any
uploads you've already seen in the past
from me then that's why my sub box is
now fixed hopefully I'm right now at
this moment uploading the banana and
Sprite challenge so it should be done by
the time you've seen this video so I'm
hoping it goes hoping it goes live other
few bits you're going to see a few other
videos from mars bar gaming on my new
channel i'm going to have to upload
things like my BMX documentary the angel
coffee house
notional video a few videos have to be
reloaded and if you could guys it would
be awesome if you could just click on
them give them a view and a like rating
I would really appreciate that if you
just see it in your sub box and you've
already watched it it'll be awesome if
you could just you know so I don't know
just keep just get them back up there
just drop a like rating guys and I just
need need the interaction need all your
guys help on the new channel guys but
I'm happy to say that fingers crossed
touch wood that's not wood where's would
this is what kind of wood that's what as
well everything's wood in here and
touching about some wood that's real
with that again touching wood and the
channel is is gonna is go to work and
the sub boxes is fixed now forever so
yes I'm happy to say the muck that
Brooks TV is a go is operation going
they're ready for this and we're going
to go and kick off 2015 and see what we
can make out of YouTube for this year
now I'm well happy but my tea is ready I
hope you guys are gonna have a good
weekend if you guys are got any weekend
plans let me know film it to live stream
let me know am I trying to live stream
this weekend oh yeah you guys at the
fresh car I've properly done probably
I've just come back from the gym as I
properly like done it today and it's
looking pretty swish so I'm all happy
but anyway yeah if you guys got any cool
plans for this week and even in what way
to live stream then let me know on
Twitter or in the comments section down
below but thank you guys for all the
awesome support I'm sticking with me
through this it's been a hell of a might
have been a massive hard two weeks for
me first first sort of two weeks of 2015
to month of 2015 has been it's been
really difficult obviously with YouTube
in that but we're powering through it
we're not going to be upset we're going
to keep going and we're all good now
think thinking I'm hoping that
everything is okay so yeah you guys got
any cool plans this weekend let me know
and as always manage banana sure you
guys have been awesome and i'll see you
in my next video daddy else I'm gonna
press it properly this time really three
two one look my hair yeah
