right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and today it you can see
got a pretty sick haircut going on look
at that yeah i had a haircut last night
pretty happy with it really short on the
sides as you can see but i want to carry
on about the video that amazing today it
was part 1 part 2 what I wanted to do is
always to run about it in the car but
then I want to tell you guys actually
what's going on at home on my computer
so I can actually show you guys what the
hell is going wrong with my new Brooks
tv youtube channel now there's some
serious going i'm gonna off
with YouTube's obviously miles per game
was terminated that pissed me off I've
made a new channel but the new channel
doesn't work right so what I'm with you
today guys isn't going to show you guys
what is going on and see if you guys are
having the same issues or seeing if you
guys know anyone else is having the same
issues and see if we can help each other
out and get Brooks TV actually going
because at the moment I can't there's no
point in uploading to me I'll show you
guys what I mean like right now right so
this is Brooks TV my brand new EG
channel if i press on my channel over
here you can see that well this is
Brooks TV it's got 5314 subscribe 24
subscribers at this this is Brooks TV
this is it so so if I went to sort of up
here or is it there up there and then I
went to my crater studio and then from
there you go to the video manager which
is just there as you can see I've got
two videos on here now the first one
let's just focus on this one right now
it says let me know if this comes
through two sub boxes now if I click on
this video just pause it and scroll down
here pretty much everyone saying no no
it doesn't know it didn't come to mind
noting comments or box don't come to
subscription so you guys get the point
it doesn't come through to your guys
subscription boxes the video physically
doesn't come through to your guy
subscription boxes so what's the point
in uploading to youtube and getting
subscribers if the videos aren't going
to go to subscription boxes and the
reason I can back this up is because
when you're in the video manager as you
can see I've got two videos here Ivy go
along to this side we've got this little
bit of information here now these light
up green if you're getting money from
your videos which at the moment I'm not
getting any money I'm not bothered about
that i just want upload content for you
guys so these that's why these two a
grace I'm not earning any money from
them now these two mean your video
Republic so you can find them in the
youtube search and this one in the
middle means it would be it would
usually be a green tick if it was sent
to your go sub boxes but it's not it's
an arrow right in this video was
uploaded on 26 of January 20 2015 and
now it is the 29 so this was three days
ago right and if I hover over here with
this it says sending to subscribers
feeds click the icon to learn more so
click that thanks to this page let me
see Oh video stuck in processing let's
click this all right and it says
processing times greatly varies greatly
depending on the format of the original
video size and upload traffic you should
take you should take anywhere from a few
minutes to several hours will this this
has been this has been like it for a few
days now this has been like it for a few
days you do come on and you should also
expect high res even formats to render
slowly for instance yesterday yes but it
shouldn't take five or six days should
it okay here you go if after eight hours
you still see the message saying
uploaded processing please wait try
removing the video from our site and
uploading it again now I've uploaded
five or six videos to my new Brooks tv
youtube channel and every single one of
them is like this none of them ever go
live and it's stupid and I don't know
what to do so what I've done is I then
created a new YouTube channel so if I
just log out Brooks TV right and I sign
in I've created a brand new YouTube
channel called Brooks a TV YT com let's
log into this right so it's exactly the
same Channel upsets you know it's got
all my stuff on it episode it's got only
three subscribers like three my friends
subscribe to it so it's just a brand new
YouTube channel right I uploaded another
video to it just a random one I'm just
an edit abdom for a client and it word
with this last night over eight hours
ago and this is still like that it still
does that and it's my new YouTube
channel it's still like this right and I
don't understand what this is a totally
separate channel on my separate channel
like I just made a brand new channel
just to test it out and it still doesn't
go live after eight hours this was
elated about 22 hours ago and it still
haven't done life so don't de stand and
then if I log out of this Chan
and go into my other YouTube just a
random youtube account let's choose
inquire mvg now inquire mbg is my google
address for inquiries about my youtube
which is like you know in companies
contact me and say let's just log into
here i uploaded the same video on this
channel last night as i did to my second
channel the brooks TV one that you guys
don't know about and this one went live
it look at you went live it went live
look it's gone live it's got the tick Oh
bladed 20th of January today no
yesterday evening and this is alive I
don't get it I don't stand a life what's
going on do you guys have you got you
guys follow me right of quite two new
channels to Brooks TV channels and none
of them have gone live rights I've just
uploaded a video to a really old channel
and it goes live and all the videos on
obviously my vlog channel go live as
well they get the green tick let if I
login to my blog vlog channel for you
guys I just wanna give you guys as much
information as I can log into here is my
vlog channel are doing a pretty pass
word for it but anyway yeah that's
that's that's what's going down at the
moment and I really don't know I really
don't know what to do um I'm beyond
pissed off really I don't know what to
do there's no point in uploading a video
to my youtube channel because they don't
don't like that you guys didn't get them
do you understand what I mean hope you
guys and stunned and you can help me out
in the comment section so guys if you
got actually any idea is to my problem
or what's going on then please please
let me know I'm going to keep trying
today thirst thursday today 30th my day
off and hopefully by tonight I should
come up for a come up with a plan of
what to do for this hopefully you guys
can help me I look like this video about
five six o'clock tonight so hopefully
you guys can help me and by sort of nine
o'clock tonight I can tell you guys on
Twitter what's going on or in another
video tomorrow but that's why I haven't
been uploading videos aren't going to
sub boxes and there's no point loading
because the videos don't go to sub boxes
like that's the whole point of YouTube
you subscribe to someone so they see the
videos in the subscription box but
YouTube don't send videos to
subscription boxes are they having a
laugh or something are they genuinely
having other they are they generally
having a laugh like
it just is just absolutely beyond me
anyway guys if you've got any tips then
please please let me know guys hit me up
in the comment section or on Twitter I
would really really really appreciate it
and if you know anyone that might know
what's wrong then get them to help
because I would appreciate it so much
guys I just want to get back to
uploading content i'm going to Antigua
again remember last year I went to
Antigua first class and i did a day in
the life for you guys and you guys
 loved it without the best video
ever made I'm gonna do that again you
this year but I can't do it if my
youtube channel doesn't work like what
I'm what I'm gonna have to end up doing
is Alex Brooks's vlogging channel I'm
gonna have to end up making this my main
channel if all else fails so I'm not
going to stop making each of a lot of
you tweeted me and Alex do not give up
with love your content we don't
know what we'll do some people some
people right I'm not I'm not even
exaggerating I'm not even exaggerating
some people I've had a message a few
message now had a message right of
someone that said Alex you stopped me
your videos stopped me from self-harming
and now he's you like I feel I feel bad
that I'm not uploading but I can't like
I'm so now i'm inspired people say I'm
inspiring people and I'm saving their
lives and stuff and I'm saving like the
people are depressed and I'm making them
happy and now I'm loading the people are
getting depressed again and the tweet at
me saying Alex where are you i'm getting
depressed you're not letting your videos
you got me through some really tough
times a night I can't a blow for
sake you know I mean I'm gonna have to
end up I'm trying to try my best guys
and really really am I hope you guys I
hope you guys can see that like I'm
staying positive I'm trying to trying to
stay positive there's no point being
upset about anything guys come on let's
just be positive by it but we just need
to come to we just need to come we
should to come to a conclusion as to
what's going on if you guys got anything
to say then please let me know as I've
already said but yeah that's been this
video guys if you enjoyed it well as not
much to enjoy but your support is always
welcome with a light rating guys and
minus Minaj you guys have been awesome
and i'll see you in my next video adios
okay then i just totally miss press the
button denied i'm going to press it
again right three two one
