I know so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and this is a proper car
vlog members and the radio off and I'm
going to try and drive slowly i'm on the
dual carriageway right now so i thought
i thought i'm on the west to gym so i
thought why do its do carved on the way
to the gym because pretty much most of
the way it's your cadre I hate the
lighting in it makes me like I'm
brilliant I be so I've got fucking bags
under my eyes like never hold the phone
I don't know I'd know how to best do
that some colors around about now let me
try and show you guys we're doing what
you're fucking around about shit ya
comin or fuck it all right before nice
go go go boy go I got watch our friend
right go go go go go go go change gear
quick hey there we go back on that your
carriage way probably a dangerous
maneuver to do that on a roundabout but
anyway I put you guys back in the phone
and believe it honestly honestly you
won't believe it I've been talking for
at last seven minutes probably in the
phone the phones and up to my phone is
like a fucking recording the most about
at least opted when i went to put my
phone back in the holder but anyway yeah
i've got to say all my shit again so
pretty much what's happened with with
with why i'm annoyed I'm gonna pissed
off actually it's because my youtube
videos on Brooks TV aren't being sent to
the subscription boxes you guys on
getting them in the subscription boxes
now I uploaded well you won't know
because you weren't a bloody seen it but
I uploaded the banana and Sprite
challenge and I said yeah I'm going to
kick off the channel but I was blood
challenge bride about a blah uploaded it
and I put it on Twitter and Facebook and
it's got like two thousand views because
all you guys are Twitter and Facebook
saw it and it was like yeah happy days
but if you go to the YouTube description
manager you know you sorry the YouTube
video manager on YouTube
owner YouTube account you get the video
manager it's got a little too little
arrows next to it right point in like
that like that way and if you hover over
it says your video is still being sent
to subscription boxes and I'm like by
this time it's eight o'clock at night
and as I uploaded the video two hours
ago at six o'clock it's already got two
thousand views because you guys on
Twitter and Facebook I've seen it but it
still hasn't been sent the subscription
boxes to people that aren't on Twitter
and Facebook won't see the uploads now
it's not problem because I know a lot of
you guys on Twitter and Facebook anyway
and you weren't following my accounts we
not then they're all is linked in the
description but what's the point
uploading a YouTube video people
subscribing to if you chill out gonna
send the fucking video to subscription
boxes for you guys to see it I correct
me if I'm wrong but ashes fucking stupid
right and the video I uploaded my setup
video on the twenty-second of this month
right which was 55 days ago five six
days ago now that still has the arrows
next to it it's still being sent to
subscribers so being sent to your yoga
subscription boxes of people that
subscribe to the channel it's just total
rubbish she's just fucking not on I
don't think up I don't know what to do I
mean it might be the file format that
I'm uploading the videos in Amenas I
haven't changed it I've never changed
the file format I don't know
I deliver blood top big Sheree still big
Shirley sorry big story short my videos
up in center subscription boxes fucked
off about it as well really pissing me
off you're not really going
