right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and yes I know I've got a
bloody spots right there look at the
bastard anyway yeah but I've been really
really really busy this week I've been
tired of like I'm dead there and
even know what begin I've got
new windows new windows it'll look yes
you just smash it again it's like who
can put it through anyway yeah new
window is in so we have a proper working
window now and I can I can see out Vince
stuff so that's the update number one
update number two is there is as we
pissing me off I don't know but I'm
still getting tweets I'm still getting
tweets I'm still getting facebook
messages and I'm still getting people
asking me where where's miles my gaming
on I can't make it any more clear guys
you need to help me here right all of
you tell me about if you've got friends
that like used to watch my video you
tell people I've got on any channel
right tweet it out that'll be awesome
guy if you guys could tweet it I've got
a brand new youtube channel again if
you're watching this and you don't aware
I've got a new YouTube channel my last
channel was two miles my game and my
last channel was terminated right it's
gone it's great it's gone
YouTube deleted my last channel I now
have a new one called Brooks TV I'm
gonna type it in there look can you see
it Brooks TV so we backwards for you
guys type that in and then it's this one
he's got a link in my Instagram bio it's
in my Twitter bio and it's got my setup
video on it and I want to try it maybe
if you type into YouTube like Mars power
gaming setup video for 2015
it might come up I'm not sure but I
think I thought this was gonna be easier
than what it actually is I thought I was
gonna be able to get a lot of you guys
back to the new channel but it's
actually proving pretty difficult
well you guys have most of my people
have just like vanished you're gone I'll
have to start get an answer but I've got
some cool videos to upload to that
channel I'm gonna be playing the first
one one of the first core videos
tomorrow which will be Sunday Sunday the
something I don't know that was a well
caught them look that way when I got the
lemons flare they're coming through my
hair oh whoa look at that a sick anyway
yeah so today I'm gonna go around to the
new house I've got to put those cables
in I've showed you guys in the last
video had a load of cables on my bed
right since then I've had someone take
them out
the new house I'm gonna go and put the
cables in today guys and I'm gonna bring
you guys along with me my room has been
recently well it's been decorated my new
room so I'll show you guys around that
I've chosen like the colors and the
wallpaper in that but for now I've got
to go and eat for dinner and get some
 done and then I'll Drive out to the
new house and we'll go on a little tour
and a little a little bit of an event
you're installing these cables so let's
do this thing and we'll stop it like
right so I'm here at the at the new
house I mean the server room as you can
see we've got the Sonos for the bathroom
and all the bits and all the bits and
bobs and I'll show you the decorated
room so it's been redecorated you
probably won't recognize what it was
like before I hate showing you guys this
room on the iPhone camera because the
iPhone camera stop zooms in but I've had
a whole new wallpaper put on there it's
ridiculous this stupid camera is zoomed
in 71 on now open the door so try and
give you guys perspective from the door
so there you go and then so it's like
sort of dark grey that's that's gonna be
more monitors are up there and the guy
for three monitors my desk and I've
actually got a sheet a little thing here
and switch I need to choose from I'm
gonna have there's gonna be like the top
of my desk so if you guys there now I'm
actually getting a bespoke desk desk
made and I need to pick one of these
materials for the top of the desk so I
want I want a wood material I'm not sure
always said something like you guys so
I'm probably gonna give something a
little bit darker like this I'm not sure
I need to get back through in that book
how do you guys know this is the server
room in here and I'm gonna have all
obviously all of the kit in here the
lights too
when you walk in so I'm gonna have got
my amp and stuff on here for my surround
sound so what I need to do now if you
drill a hole up there but obviously the
cables outside for the ethernet and
stuff it's usually a whole affair and
then feed I've got I brought the cable
and don't know where it is
here it is right so I've got all this
sub woofer cable which used to be routed
through and the speaker cable for the
tube back speakers so obviously I've
drilled a little hole down here and I
bought this little plate to put over it
when it's done so obviously that I'll go
in for the hole like that so it just
looks a little bit more neat but I'm
gonna help my still over in the back
corners obviously my bed's gonna be here
and then this speaker cable is for the
two back speakers which I'm going to end
up having on either end each end of my
desk and out on the bedside tables so
hopefully it's gonna it's gonna it's
gonna be good so I need to get these get
these holes drilled this hole goes
through into the walking cupboard or
closet or whatever you guys call it so
that comes through I think just down
back yet though she is and then I need
to drill a hole up there so they go so
they're going up there what I might do
is actually have them going up there
instead so there's a little bit cleaner
so we need to get around to drilling
those holes right now so put up focus
focus
you gonna focus thank you thing
all right so it need the back the back
about left know about right weapons and
I put it under the carpet so like you
can't see it and then it comes over here
and then you've got the back right or
left but illusions they are and I've
called it up and then it comes over here
through into this hole and I've got the
subway for cable here that's all through
thank you going to the yeah
this cupboard which for the like I can't
find a light all the light switch is out
of you seen it right say it comes in
down there comes through there let's
drill a hole and then it goes up here
and then what I do is go calm but I
can't find the right hole to drill for
life because I've drilled three
different holes enough to choose the
right one but then it's going to open
across here and then down into the
server room in here wish you guys
recognize this room because there's a
network for whom it's got other stuff in
it so I'll let you know when I've gotten
coming through so I got my my grandma's
that you just pulled onto the drive so
everyone outside got her phone let's the
song she's gone here's you got died
astray this has grown my music that's
how I look at what's a heart really
planning these club Lille copyrighted
right now I can play for a few seconds
let me do I'll do foot tapper by the
shadows just fast-forward it a bit into
the middle calling the stupid phone
fast-forward thank you
so no demonstration of it there guys
there we go I'm going to end this and
this segment or video here I hope you
enjoyed the upload on the vlog Channel
and really enjoying is making them it's
it's really good not just nice I'm not
saying like not putting effort into
videos but like just just it's not
effort to show you guys around what I'm
doing in the day and I know you guys
really enjoy like seeing what I do in
the background I just what I do on earth
in day basis so yeah today for the free
day we've been working for that other
last God knows ages so for now I've got
free day now come on get this speaker
cable put in we're gonna be moving in
very shortly so yeah I can't wait
obviously the room has been decorated
that wall still needs to be painted over
that side there my TV's gonna go there
three monitors there and obviously
subwoofer it's gonna go there and then
obviously the two side I like risk
because you're gonna go there the full
moons are gonna be wall mounted and I
think there's a lexer than the wall yeah
that's just just there on the wall
that's where the front left is gonna go
obviously the center under the telly and
the right one over there so yes I've
been using massive whoo but I think that
I think the decorators left a hit but
yeah that has been what I've been up to
today thinking about an hour to do this
hour and a half I didn't think it would
take that long but yes it always needs
to be cleared up a little bit more but
anyway I thought I'd show you guys it
enjoying it a lot ring as always is
appreciated I'm gonna be uploading on my
new channel box TV tomorrow at 6 p.m. so
make sure you you will stay tuned for
that and that further do you guys think
