then I always start these videos like
with the massive heart so hey guys
what's going on my name is Alex and
yesterday guys I haven't done my hair
it's currently Thursday I'm going to the
gym in a bit so I'm not I can't be
bothered to even touch my hair ex I'm
just gonna look getting all sweaty and
stuff so yes and today is a video that a
lot of you guys have wanted for a long
long time was gonna be a bit of this
video that I know a lot of you guys
worked for a long long time but as you
guys know I'm gonna say it again because
I really need everyone up for the next
for the next sort of week or so every
single one of the videos on this channel
is going to contain the information
about the new channel because what other
thing is right I don't like you guys but
I think if you go on this channel the
what this channel that this is loaded to
now that the vlog Channel
so if you go to youtube when you type in
Alex Brooks alright there's the bad boy
coming up right there right and I made a
video yesterday or the day before
yesterday called the brand new YouTube
channel right a lot of people were
saying a lot of people a lot of people
were saying I didn't hit some boxes so I
need to make sure that all you guys are
aware that mars bar gaming my old main
channel has been terminated it's been
terminal Ong guys I'm never getting my
channel back I've made a new one right
make sure you go and subscribe to it
it's called Brooks TV unfortunately if
you type Brooks TV into YouTube it
doesn't come up you have to use the link
that's in the description it's also on
my Instagram its pasted all over my
Twitter it's on the Facebook page guys
the links to it everywhere make sure you
go and subscribe right because today I
am loading if you go into this fold if
you go to this little folder look here
see and then it opens at this folder
which is the videos that I've got queued
to upload to my brand new YouTube
channel the first ever video is going to
be the setup video now I've redone it
and really really professionally and
I've actually got a camera following me
around my setup guys it's absolutely
insane it's getting one of the best set
of videos on YouTube for 2015 we're
trying good and try and get it like to
500,000 views that'll be insane so
tonight
guys or by the time you're watching this
the setup video will have been uploaded
to my new channel Brooks TV and we are
kicking that off for the first video for
2015 on the Brooks TV channel now I'm
really really happy that that's going to
be the first video because I love doing
the setup video so it's when I make you
sure you guys are aware that I have a
new channel Brooks TV that's the main
channel this is my vlog channel
buddy-buddy why you guys should
understand by now and if you know if
you're not following me on my social
media or my snap fan snapchat
everything's in the description just
follow me on everything okay but without
further ado now you guys know that let's
get on oh yeah a lot of you guys were
asking me for window fixed
you want to tell you right now my window
isn't fixed is this one likes does it's
cracked like really bad you guys if you
guys did not happen um I got really
angry and I ended up punching it so yeah
cuz I'm just retarded here's
some here's some stuff I'm gonna end up
doing a video on this actually because I
bought a on a speaker cable and
25 meters a subway with a cable at these
little wall plate things and there's
some connection joints and some Ethernet
cable end but what this is for is I'm
going to end up taking this round to the
new house sometime this week and I'm
going to be putting this cable that open
the loft and down to the back end of my
bedroom from the front end because all
of that cable is for the rear two
speakers in the new house and the
subwoofer I'm gonna have the subwoofer
in the back corner in my new room um so
yeah make sure you looking out for that
video I'm gonna do like a video on this
channel beat me just installing that
should be quite fun it should be a fun
video to do nevertheless I'm gonna give
you guys the day it's like an a like a
tour of my car audio system I know you
guys are why this for a while so I think
I think guys I think we should just a
Lego right so there there she is I don't
know how well you guys would be able to
hear me just simply because
the microphones on the back of the
camera I'm using the front-facing camera
but as you can see she's filthy she's
absolutely filthy to the to the bone
right there there we go you guys can see
now yeah it's really awful weather here
in the UK and but I'm still gonna take
you guys around the the car audio system
etc etc so I understand la car get in
the passenger seat actually I'll show
you in the boot first I think yeah look
and I put up the boot so I've got mini
mini 1d and and here is my subwoofer now
this is an Alpine Road 12 inch subwoofer
and now this is a a non ported subwoofer
which means it doesn't actually have a
support where air is allowed to pass in
and out I really do prefer this type of
support for the sound it makes it sounds
just a much more tighter and cleaner in
my eyes and other than you know fresh
air getting into the subwoofer and it
just coming out that all all escaping
out the hole I like it to be boxed
because it sounds it sounds the bass
sounds tighter if that makes any sense
so my boot is very tiny I've got my I
need to take that inside that's my gym
bag and what the hell is that what the
gold Smirnoff yeah so this is my um if I
try and push my subway for one that way
it's so heavy I think if you can see it
but just in down there I've got a vibe
amp that has that I haven't drilled to
the back of of this hopper back seat
there and and then it's just the amp
that drives a subwoofer and also drives
the back speakers so I like to have my
sub woofer over this side of the car
just so I can cover up the amp and have
as much boot space as possible so
obviously I've got my amp there
installed that all my or myself and the
amp takes the signals from the back two
speakers that goes into the amp and then
the amp passes sound out to the
subwoofer at a low frequency and passes
sound back to the rear speakers as a
normal frequency and the amp or the amp
can do the amp also makes the makes a
sound quality better to the to the to
back speakers and it makes a little bit
more room and make you can make also
make it louder as well
you probably notice Alex Wyse you've got
these two blue cables here well I go to
a lot of parties I'm at a party freaking
animal and it's so surprising is the how
many parties you go to you think you
know if you're gonna host a party and
have it you'd have a good audio system
right but the amount of times I've had
to bring two satellite speakers hook
them up to these two cables and put them
on the top of my car to play music with
the sub so it's like a 2.1 system it's a
it's just ridiculous so these two
speakers these two cables here I just
use them for parties and stuff so I can
put two speakers on top of the car and
obviously then these come from the amp
as well and then we can we can play
music from from there so that that's
that's what's going on in the boot in
the back end of things
it's my amp I think it's a 1200 watt amp
and whole setup was about 1,000 pounds
including the amp the sub and all the
speakers inside because they've all been
replaced as well I'll show you guys that
in a second but this that's the back end
and it's sir it's a I just I just love
the sound that it creates it's frickin
amazing let's go inside the car and see
what's in there now won't write these
 stupid phones right just it's
pissing me off that much just smack my
phone against the gas stick it's dented
the back of the stupid thing if
you can see in there see the den just
there above the Apple symbol stupid
 thing I'm in the middle of
recording a video right and it's all
 empty I don't want to a
password I'm in the middle of doing a
video you twat anyway yeah so in here
we've got am a tweeter high range
frequency down there we've got mid-range
frequency same on this side now these
these speakers are made by fly audio em
so yeah you can go check them out I've
got them in from Halfords here that you
cave that if that helps you guys anyway
yep and in the back we've got some vibe
these are the top end vibes sixteen by
nine so as you can see trans Oommen here
they've got a tweeter there and a
tweeter there so we've got two two
tweeters a larger one a smaller one and
then a mid-range driver behind them same
on that side and I really think I think
it's just really great really cool that
the like yellow so you can like see the
yellow at it
looks really cool people can tell you
definitely got a custom audio setup now
if I just put the keys in my car and put
my thing on there and start the car
as you can see I've got this custom oh
that's the radio go away so I've got
this custom system here and as you can
see it's found my iPhone connected to it
straight away and what I can do is call
his text message can all do music
streaming so I can do music streaming
from my iPhone but obviously now I'm
have to do is connect my iPad up to it
so I can show you guys a demonstration
you can also do all kline in but I'm
gonna do Bluetooth it talks to you as
well it's really cool so I'll connect my
photo cut my iPad to it and I'll show
you guys a demonstration of the sound
system hopefully be able to hear it
tonight if I use my little control dial
here then I go over to music streaming
Susy but unlike antonin evilly I should
also go to many - TV activated and then
hopefully when I play this track here
and I'm gonna play a fun Daisy okay then
500 days of summer
woody remix and hopefully school with a
copyright if you're not then woody send
me a message but you can check out the
the link to his track in the description
but without further ado let's go let's
press play on this badger and let's turn
it up
but if you can see the shake in this you
see it start shaking that's the base
doing that
so guys there you go
every good this off Hitler it was
ridiculously loud you don't really want
it any louder than that so um throughout
this video you've enjoyed it the most my
phone is that revised for you guys oh
 I don't understand rice annoys me
so much when like that happens lies
like when you're recording a video on
your iPhone let's put a pop-up
up talking about it says it's the pop-up
said right it was like enter the
password for your Apple ID so we can
accept your new MacBook I don't have a
new MacBook my Mac books been sat there
with lid closed and I have a new
one what the are you on about
so I smashed it on the game sticks it's
pissing me off if you guys thought it
out got anger issues you'd probably tell
just broke my phone and I broke my
window yeah you guys probably can't tell
but no I do actually have like
legitimate anger issues and but but but
yeah that's that's the car audio system
and that's that's I've told you guys I'm
a live in a set up video so I hope
you've enjoyed this video if you did
then a light ring as always as
appreciate if you've got any questions
then the comment section it's definitely
the place hit me up on Twitter you have
any like you want to chat to me and
that's primo - barrage you guys
have been awesome and I'll see you in
the next minute now yes
