right so hey what's going on my name is
Alex and well this is my vlog channel as
you guys know I made a video yesterday
at which a lot of you guys were asking
why I took it down on the video I took
you down yesterday because I was just
being stupid in it it was just it was
just my anger I was very tired and
Barney's videoing me but yeah and I need
to I need to tell you guys about the new
channel that I've recently just opened
seen as my last one got banned now a lot
of you guys like Alex Alex I don't want
you to make a new channel that you you
might you're gonna get your old one back
and trust me guys I know for a fact I'm
not gonna get the old one back because
because I broke YouTube's Terms &
Conditions I put tags in the description
of my videos at which YouTube recently
have updated their Terms & Conditions
and you can't actually now put tags in
your terms and conditions sorry in your
description of the videos so pretty much
what YouTube did or spam for or for the
people that took me down they went back
to the videos before YouTube had updated
the terms and conditions so you keep
updated the terminal conditions about
four months ago they went back to my
videos that were like over two years old
and flag to all of those is putting tabs
in the description and I mean when I
literally knew nothing about it so there
was nothing I can do I'm not gonna get
it back I did violate each of terms and
conditions so therefore I've had to make
a new channel now I am calling the
channel Brookes TV ETV
it's gonna be awesome it's gonna be
loads of apparel that goes with the
channel so that means like clothing so
you guys can be rocking the great
apparel I'm working with Robert on on
the new on the new apparel and all the
new design that full the new channel
it's going to be sick the channel isn't
owned by me because it can't be owned by
me I as a person I'm not allowed to own
a personal YouTube account anymore so
all my YouTube accounts are now owned by
a company so Brookes TV is now a
registered company and that company now
owns this vlog Channel and Brookes TV
itself and I am working for the company
uploading videos just to avoid any other
issues with regards to YouTube so yes
Brooks TV is now a registered company so
definitely make sure you go subscribe to
the new channel guys
link on-screen throughout this video so
definitely make sure you guys subscribe
to the new channel Hannah's also a link
in the description is just Brooks TV the
first video I'm gonna upload them there
is a setup video I've redone the setup
video and it's gonna be a lot more
professional guys so pretty much I've
had someone following around with a
cameraman a cameraman with me following
me around the setup it's got a load of
b-roll and it the setup video is it's
really really good guys I'm really happy
with the new set of video I'm gonna
reload a few of my last videos that I've
got on the last channel like the video
with my brother and different things
like that so you don't have to watch
them but they're just not some of my
favorite videos that I had on the last
channel and I just want to get the
read-back uploaded because the memorable
videos that I II I really enjoyed making
with my brother and stuff and I'm sure
you guys have been happy to watch them
again so if you say any uploads that I
upload from the last channel then that's
why as regards to the content I'm gonna
be uploading on there it's gonna be
pretty much the same sup stuff as I've
loaded on mars bar gaming funny gaming
stuff funny like I've recorded so much
stuff for the channel like me and Barney
is Barney here just show your face a sec
coming in the background whatever just
like areas there is yeah so Barney
environment recording loads of Burton
stuff we've done the what set the
brighton banana challenge where you sick
we've done a Q&A with Barney we're gonna
be doing loads more videos with
submitting entertaining videos and the
new channel guys so I would Ethan hope
that you subscribe to it and tell all
your friends about it we don't want we
don't want anyone we don't anyone
missing out on the awesome content
that's gonna be on be TV now I'm not
gonna be uploading as regularly as I did
on Mars bar gaming on BT because I'm
gonna make sure all the uploads are on
par all my uploads are gonna be
hilariously funny I want you guys to to
think of it as a comedy channel I want
you guys to be entertained on the brand
new channel and obviously I'm gonna be
uploading the vlogs on on this channel
but guys if you do me a massive favour
to go and share the new brought to TV
channel with all your friends and all
the awesome people that used to be
subscribed with Mars bar gaming and I'm
hoping by the end of 2015
there's gonna be an absolutely awesome
community
on Brooks TV and I'm just really looking
forward to the future guys there's
really no point in being sad about the
loss of Mars well gaming yes we've lost
some amazing people you know people
aren't gonna find the new channel it's
obvious you know I've only got six
thousand subscribers on on the vlog
Channel and I have like 46,000 on the
gaming channel yes we're gonna lose a
few people which is a shame hopefully
they can find me again through my setup
video but I need your guy's help on this
we are a crew and our channel has been
taken down this is our channel you guys
need to help me build up the new channel
Brooks TV and I think we're gonna have a
great great future ahead of us as I've
said there's no point in looking back
and I'm dwelling on the past we need to
go forward into the future all smiling
all happy and it's gonna be good guys I
can't wait for what 2015 and Brooks TV
has for all of us guys it's gonna be
absolutely insane now that has been this
video guys I really hope you've enjoyed
it if you have a like rating as always
it is appreciated and that that is it
just make sure you guys subscribe to the
new channel and as I said I'm really
looking forward to what 2015 has to
offer
- bananas you guys have been awesome
thank you for sticking by me throughout
these horrible past two weeks and I will
see you in my next video adios
