I just be my master artisan you know
right guys Maria is going back up to
Manchester today back to University I
need to drop a home then she's jetting
off on a train which is sad bigger my
way downtown walking fast faces pass and
I'm home bound
brilliant sir thank you very much I've
come into my office and I just see this
on my desk
what's a lovely piece of technology that
is let me see if I can book an Apple
support slot today Apple support Apple
watch physical damage ringing for a pair
choose your local store we're sorry
oh okay and I am still physically unable
to book my watch into repair definitely
not slightly annoyed whatsoever and you
are hey guys good morning how are you
all doing my name is of course Alex guys
and welcome back welcome back to another
daily vlog I want to go ahead and
apologize guys for the complaining in
yesterday's vlog but what I don't want
these vlogs to be about is well fakeness
lies and false positivity the so many
vloggers out there which put on like a
false persona or a false positive et
that everything is good and it's not
like no one's life is perfect things
like this happen they are annoying and
things need to be said these things put
people out of business well maybe not
the watch but what if someone relied on
their lap and the laptop doesn't work
how unfortunate position I've got other
computers that I can use what if the
laptop was my only computer
guys I have just popped into the office
today because I've had to nip to at the
post office to pick up some parcels
which the postman didn't leave behind
the plant part like it usually does I'm
actually coming to collect a hard drive
which isn't here so it actually must be
at home all I hope is at home so you
guys can see I've parked the car in the
garage and that's because this currently
well I live in England most often not
horrible weather and it's raining I've
got some parcels here a wireless charger
and a cigarette lighter
extension I want to do some
modifications to the car
okay I'm not allowed to open that and
that's nothing to do with today so I'm
going to do a few mods to the car guys
and well I'm not sure if I'm not sure if
any of this I'm hoping okay this is what
the main thing that I needed hasn't
arrived okay no we can we can still make
this work so guys what I'm gonna be
doing today he's adding wireless
charging into my car now this is going
to work okay now this is really cheap
and really inexpensive and it's
obviously gonna cater to your car so
you're gonna have to match it to your
car but what I did last week is I
brought a tape measure into my car and I
measured how wide the center console was
this thing right here is the center
console and in here I've got some money
for petrol and a load of other things
that you need to clear out so board to
image to the car and I measured the
length and the width of my center
console now if your car doesn't have a
center console may have some space sort
of down here where you can put one and
pick up a wireless charger this cost me
two pound 50 from well anywhere online
that matches the dimensions of your car
that you measured ie maybe it's in the
glove box all I'm gonna do guys is take
out my overpriced snap-in adapter that
comes with my BMW mini car and then get
some black tag this stuff is just blue
tack but kind of on steroids apply a
slight bit of black tack to the back of
my wireless charging pad so then you'll
have something that looks a little bit
like this and then what you can do is go
ahead and stick this down wherever you
want to inside your vehicle and then
guys as you can see when I open up my
center console I have a wireless
charging pad as to where I can place my
phone hopefully this works sorted so now
essentially what I've done is created a
USB extension with three USB ports on
the end that plugs into a cigarette
lighter so technically if that goes into
the cigarette lighter well you can see
this is lit up and it's working but if I
plug in the wireless charger just to
test it
ha this is amazing so right there guys
is the center console as to where my
wireless charging pad is I'm going to
run that cigarette lighter extension
under the passenger seat and then under
the backs up into the booth and then
into the cigarette lighter that's in the
back now unfortunately the cigarette
lighter is already powering my 4G router
that's in the back of the car but I
think this is going to be an awesome
success
and now because I have USB ports
available underneath the passenger seat
my echo dot for my car with the velcro
on the back can just sit right down here
like that and plug right into the USB
for sauce and there we go guys all of
the car mods have been installed so just
a quick recap
instead of making a massive mess down
here in the car where the cigarette
lighter is I've run the cigarette cable
extension all the way under the front
seat and as well there's absolutely no
cables visible anywhere and then under
the front seat I've ran my Alexa power
to her and one thing I forgot to tell
you guys is it's also running my dash
cam all the stuff I have done today to
my car these tiny little mods can be
found on eBay I'm loving guys all of
these tech mods we've done to the car
gym session with mr. Ford is close-up
enjoying that you need to up hold him up
hold him up for but about to get back in
the back they're gonna get creased
anyway
right guys I've just been in the
livestream room for like the past hour
playing a couple of game not a couple
kids have been playing zombies zombies
on the new big 40 50 55 inch 4k screen
on the Xbox one X and it's actually
really playable I think I'll be able to
stream in 4k when we get the computer
bill I think we're gonna get all gatas
new capture card and stream in 4k
driving guys I've just had a quick
shower edited a quick client video and
sent it off twelve o'clock this evening
and while I've been doing that World War
two house installed on my xbox 1s I
really enjoyed playing that in the
office so I'm going to play half an hour
of it now guys and then I'm going to go
to bed so that is the point guys where
I'm gonna end today's daily vlog but
don't worry cuz I'll see you in
tomorrow's one if you guys are liking my
videos and you didn't watch yesterday's
one you can watch that right here guys
if you're not subscribed in you're new
around here click here that I'll
subscribe you to my channel and turn on
the bells to get the notifications when
uploaded every day at 6 o'clock which I
do upload every every day every day
without fail without being said guys my
name's Ben Alex you guys have been
awesome I stay awesome keep smiling
let's say bye no okay alright then guys
I'll see you in tomorrow's daily vlog
adios
