right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome back to another
vlog now you can probably tell you like
Alex Alex where the hell are you well
I'm in the new house
as you can see I put a picture on
Twitter if you guys want my talk to
about and there may be about a week ago
anyways yeah you will have seen this and
asked you guys what color I'm going for
now
whoever said to you correct because
that's the color and one I think is your
on camera but one is really dark so if
you can imagine the whole room covered
it with this it would just be too dark
I'm gonna meet in the middle and have
number two and then on this back wall
here we get this flower wallpapers been
taken down and I'm having this really
cool wavy texture it's called textured
wallpaper and it actually feels like
it's got a texture to it like it's got
like waist like wavy it looks really
cool so that's gonna go across there
like that and then obviously another
three monitors there but the reason I'm
here and my hair is not done and I look
like alright Trump in a barber coat it's
because the electrician's been around
this morning I've been talking to him
about what I need doing I need a few
cables running like for example we put a
few notes on here for my TV's gonna be
going on this wall here so I need HDMI
Ethernet and I'm gonna have my speakers
on the wall so my new monitor audio
surround sound system it's gonna be
mounted to put a little X on the wall
but if you see it there you can use that
it's gonna be obvious Lee you've got you
to raise because I'm gonna have those on
my bedside tables and then now obvious I
mean up the front speakers on the walls
and then got my desk there with the
three screens wall-mounted hovering with
the two with those two studio monitors
connected to my DAC which are viewed on
my tech channel which is gonna leave me
on to this topic again yes I know my
tech channel is back so my videos are
still online but I don't have access to
access to the tech channel so I can't do
anything on that channel because to get
onto the tech channel so the the tech
channel was made in partnership with
Mars bar gaming said they were both
under the same account
and I can't login to that YouTube
account because as soon as I log in it
just says but about a blowy terminated
if you don't think the termination was
fair then please click this link but
obviously you know
trying to get the channel back but if we
can't get the channel back I'm not
letting this stop me I'm not letting
this stop me at all I'm gonna sit down a
second so if it comes to the next few
weeks I can't get my channel back as the
marzipan crew I'm gonna go up with a
 band
I'm not I'm not just another saying that
right I said at the start of this year
I said 2015 is gonna be in my year now
I'm not letting right I will not stand
there and let spam 404 take my channel
down for putting tags in the description
right I didn't put those tags in the
description on purpose they were there
automatically mine my descriptions were
automatically built every time my videos
were uploaded right so I did this years
ago and I put automatic tagged in the
description I don't even know why I did
it I don't even need to do it but the
reason why it has been taken down is
because if I put tags in the description
but I don't go and put different tags in
the description of your video as I've
said it was all automated every video I
uploaded my description was
automatically populated with the
automatic tags in the description so
yeah it's a little bit unfair really
because YouTube changed the terms and
conditions about three or four months
ago or was very recently anyway don't
quote me on that and they've gotten
flagged videos that I made over two
years ago oh here we go before those
terms and conditions were made so we're
trying to do all that kamek partner
fullscreen to tronador they can't have
been in contact with a load of people
loading youtubers it's 50/50 at the
moment loads of people are saying you
know we can get your channel back and
loads of people are saying yes one of
the things you can't get round but yeah
that's where arts but just be guys if if
I don't get my channel back all of us
all the my spam through all of you guys
I've got all of you guys on this blog
channel I've got all of you guys on
Twitter on Facebook we're gonna go up
with wit bang tell you now
standards I don't take from anyone
right so you alright you shits on me
I'll back on you wait cherry on top
tell you now I don't give a I don't
give a anyways yeah so that's
pretty much the update with the channel
7 lecture actually
yeah back back to back to the new house
I have just drilled a little just drill
a little hole you drilled a little hole
down there because I'm gonna run the
speaker cable for the rear speakers and
I'm gonna have my subwoofer at that side
I'm gonna so got me the neck cables
coming down there I'm gonna run all my
other cables come in coming down now
which would be sick so yeah good speaker
cables and stuff so I need to order a
few more a few more speaker cable I
think I don't think I've got a bit I've
got like 25 meters here but I believe
it's about 25 minutes of run from there
to there down the wall and then over to
there so I may have to order some more
some more I need to order a sub Weaver
cable as well 15 meter one I believe so
yeah hopefully the Hat the houses the
houses a houses coming on well like a
little little house update video so it's
Friday today yes I know as well so this
is this is a sort of plan if I don't
okay okay if I get my channel back just
just to get it keep you guys informed
right forget my channel back in the next
two weeks right I will
hey the next now I'm going to say that
gonna say week and a half because I
really don't give a
and I say week and a half to a week if I
don't get my channel back then I will
say it
and I will do is I'm going to create a
brand new channel or a brand new channel
and I will start again 2015 and I'm
gonna make 2015 in my year right I'm
holding this against myself right by the
end of 2015
like this year if I don't have the same
amount of subscribers might as I did on
Mars by gaming now so I had 47 dollars
I think by the end of 2015 if I don't
have the same amout of subscribers as I
did on Mars by gaming then it's gonna
happen
I tell you no it's gonna happen at
guaranty it's gonna happen so yeah I'll
make a brand new channel and obviously
I'm gonna have to make a new technology
channel but to be fair it hasn't annoyed
me that much because I wasn't too happy
with the naming like what the is
MBG THD come on come on well we need we
need some little professionalism up in
this we need we need we need to be
professional we need to be organized I'm
gonna hold I can't do this my arm
really hates ah anyway yeah so need to
get some professionalism up in this
will make a new or make a new tech
channel and I'm gonna separate them all
so say for one of them gets banned I
still have the other one but yeah yeah
that's it we're gonna count making
technology videos and gaming videos and
painting videos are gonna live stream on
Twitch
even if my YouTube fails out right and I
just I just can't put up with YouTube
then I'll just move on to twitch flat
out could become like a daily twitch
streamer because it's do what all you
guys are still here you're also on
Twitter if you guys know anyone who's
you know now disconnected from me from
massive are gaming you know that someone
made me that I don't know doesn't use
Twitter a lot they only subscribe to my
YouTube they're not subscribe to the
vlog channel make sure they're subscribe
to this channel right because this is
the channel I'm going to be giving you
guys the updates right you're listening
to me this is the channel so if you know
any one guy share the out of this
channel share the out of the videos
in this channel get their money Twitter
share that with your friends everyone
guys for our sake and your sake and my
YouTube sake I need your guy's help on
this I can't do some aerial I'm saying
that down right now I'm like on my knees
asking if you guys help okay yeah
seriously
yes if you could share this channel with
your friends and tell them that this
this is my channel for the next two or
three weeks and you guys need to be on
this channel to keep updated about all
my new work and then they're not this is
that what's going on but they're you
guys have given you guys a pretty cool
video and they do a cart or so you guys
really want mercy to see my car audio
setup so hopefully you guys are
looking forward to that and otherwise
guys I will see you in a tomorrow's
video if you've any questions and let me
know hit me up on Twitter and that is a
 librarian guys are appreciated
let's try and get fired were you liked
in this video really appreciate you guys
watching the vlog channel nice
