right so definitely not a video but I
ever ever ever ever ever wanted to make
bum mom making it I'm making it right
now right you know you obviously know
what's happened
you've seen the frickin title of this
video and if you know what's happened
right my main channel miles why gaming
it's been terminated been terminated
right and for to you guys all you guys
would have just seen is to the channels
terminated due to due to due to
copyright infringement due to copyright
infringement or not obeying YouTube's
Terms and Conditions now you guys all
know it's either one of those two things
and I can tell you now it's not
copyright I know what it is the this the
accounts been banned for not obeying
YouTube's Terms and Conditions right so
I've sat down today about half an hour
read through YouTube's Terms &
Conditions and it turns out that you
need you need three strikes you need
three of your videos to be strike to get
a channel ban due to terms and
conditions so that means three of my
videos have failed YouTube Terms &
Conditions now obviously I can't go back
and look at my videos you know all the
memories of me going to Antigua on
YouTube all the memories of my first
vlog all my gaming stuff that I've spent
years and hours days making that's all
gone so I can't go back it doesn't even
tell me what videos the ones that have
the ones that have been copyrighted not
copyrighted the ones that have been
flagged for not obeying easy terms and
conditions but I'm an entertainment
youtuber for Christ's sake
I don't copy other people's content I
didn't tell you guys how to rob banks I
don't upload any pornography
entertaining content for you guys to
watch and enjoy and I build partners
with YouTube I build friends with
YouTube I enter up with you guys as much
as I can I spent three hours four hours
on omegle to chatting to you guys the
other day I go to London to meet
you guys at events I've got 46,000 what
I had so I don't have any anything
now do I had 46 thousand subscribers
right that's a very small YouTube
channel and the amount of effort I put
in for you guys and for my channel and
for me because I enjoy doing it it's
just unheard of in anyone else right
I know channels that have got millions
of subscribers and they don't put any
any effort into the video and nowhere
near as much as I do anyway and I sit
down next to next to her but yeah I'm
gonna try and get my account back up and
running and as soon as possible I'm
gonna get answers to this question as to
why it's banned I'm not stopping until
I've got answers I will put my hands in
the air and say fair enough if they give
me three of my videos that have that
have that have infringed YouTube's Terms
& Conditions I'll put my hands up and I
will say Fair Play
and I will never do YouTube again but I
think the likely thing is this was all
the big mistake and an accident and it's
a mistake and my channels gonna come
back I think that's what's gonna happen
I'm hoping that's what's gonna happen
and now it's happened to loads of people
before laughs but I've been on the phone
today but it's been today too casual UK
I've spoken to him but got a whole
bucket load of other youtubers a few
that have actually had their accounts
terminated and they've all got them back
so I've been given a few tips I'm gonna
code I'm gonna go I need to go and do a
few things now to try and get my channel
back good morning but it might be down
for sort of the next week or so so so so
yeah when when you got my channel you
think it's not don't give up hope it
might take a week or two I'm still gonna
be updating you guys on this channel
right so make sure you're subscribed to
this channel I'm going to tweet and I'm
going to friggin put this link
everywhere to this video just so you
guys know what's going on I'm going to
be uploading to this channel like every
day this week as I still want to keep
you guys up to date about what's going
on and hat and how all of this how all
of this is working and what why I'm what
I'm doing what I'm doing to solve the
issue but for now for now might yeah my
accounts down I cut literally right
yesterday night I did have recorded two
videos I was gonna live one tomorrow
I've done the banana and Sprite
challenge for you guys which involves
you being sick and I did that with a
bucket later mates and and I also did a
question and answer with Barney which
was hilarious you guys submit loads of
questions it out it was a really good
videos couldn't wait to upload it but
now no my counts band isn't it
 I don't know I don't know what to
do and I'm off but anyway guys I
hope you guys having a bad day than
better than me I'm
I'm not as angry as I come across I
really don't give a the thing is
what I do give a but I'm not I'm
not I'm not as angry as most people
would be because I know I know all of
you guys on Twitter and I know I've got
all of you guys on this channel and also
by the way my tech channel has been
taken down as well for some reason
unknown to me I think it's because those
two channels are on the same gmail
account and the hot so obviously my
other channel gets banned as well
however I've still got this vlog channel
because I made it on a whole separate
account which was the best decision of
my life but anyway yes this is what's
going on if you guys have got anything
to tell me if you got any information
please tweet me and I'll be active on
Twitter and going to eat your comments
and type away if you've got any tips
that may help me get my channel back and
what guys what you need to do all of you
now get on Twitter and tweet at YouTube
go to YouTube Twitter and say you've
banned Mars bar gaming channel and he
hasn't done anything wrong get it back
up what's going on and hopefully we can
get this issue resolved as quick as
possible guys I need a team effort on
this I thank you guys for all the
awesome support on the videos it's such
a waste of time like you guys have left
loads of loads of comments and loads of
likes on on on the videos on Mars bar
gaming you guys the interaction that was
insane and now all of that has just gone
to waste if we don't get this channel
back guys's sir it's such a big shame so
if you guys can all tweet YouTube get
them to get the check this channel back
I very much appreciate anything you guys
can do in the background would be
absolutely credible guys I'd appreciate
so so much but Yugi was a big a big part
of my life I've met so many people
through YouTube so many meeting you all
you guys at events and all that all the
videos have like me jet skiing in
Antigua which is like a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for me to
do that is all gone I'm never getting
these videos back I mean I'm going I get
I get cards through the post off you
guys it's like it touches my heart you
got what you guys do it just it's just
insane but it's just it really breaks my
heart that it's just now it's just out
this is this has happened and it's just
you guys feel me you guys feeling me you
guys feel him anyway yes I've got no
more to say my arms they keep holding my
phone like this but yeah if you guys can
do anything tell me how that be really
appreciate about us but now I'm gonna
keep uploading on this account which is
a so glad I've got this account but yeah
anyway guys - Bonacci you guys have been
awesome and if you've been that you've
now been updated and dedicated and I'll
see you in my next video adios
