yo so hey guys what's going on my name
is Alex of course and today I bring you
a well and another vlog on the vlog
Channel yeah I know literally it's like
2:00 in the afternoon and I've just got
I've just got back in I just got I just
have just driven home from from a party
I said party last night or cool or fine
and dandy party or great yeah come home
a little bit hungover quite a bit on
naver actually so I've just had a shower
they try and wake me up because I'm
actually mentally going out and doing
some work for a client now but I'm a
little bit late it's a it's a client in
a client I've got it was contacted me
they wanted me to do some some
photography for them they were chef and
they're in a pub that's about three
miles away from my hometown so I'm just
about to go drive there and and take
some photos of his food I'm not sure
what he wants his photos for but that's
what he wants so you guys have been like
Alex you need to do a vlog or video on
what goes on in the background when you
say you're working and all your Mars
media stuff now what this job is this
job is part of Mars media so this is I'm
obviously getting paid for doing this
however I've caught on my camera gear
here and it's all here from recording
yesterday's video which is what I did on
this channel right so I just want to
point something out right actually
talked about something for a sec so you
guys obviously know that the gaming has
gone up my channel now you guys have
taken really well to that and I thought
it was good I thought I was gonna have a
lot more not hate but people like being
disappointed and being on Alex Alex I'm
unsubscribing from you and don't get me
wrong Pete a few people have said Alex
I'm not watching your content anymore
because you've taken the gaming out and
I was here for the gaming but the thing
is that don't understand what the
problem is I'm I'm moving my gaming
stuff over to twitch the thing is I
don't want to do gaming YouTube videos
right because the to number one they're
too easy to make
number two they're not I like to
entertain my audience and I don't think
the gaming videos entertaining they're
just me playing it's not like I'm not
sure I'm not sure I just uh bottom of it
is I don't want to do gaming on my
channel anymore I might do the odd funny
game the games that are funny but I
don't want to do Let's Plays or anything
like that I think they just I think I
think we can leave those for twitch but
the thing is you guys
like I want to do it don't do twitch do
it on here but I'm gonna do it on
Twitter she's much better
and then this guy baby boy 2006 right he
said well he's awesome comment he said
I'm sorry but he says he uploads all the
time and he never uploads on any of his
channels hopefully pretty much daily on
this channel so I don't know what planet
this kids on but yeah anyway I'm gonna
get some clothes on because I need to go
I'm a little bit late I don't understand
the Sun sets like ridiculously quick
like it's now I don't know what the time
is but it's like the sun's saying anyway
I'm blabbering on I need to get changed
and I need to put my jacket on get my
camera and go and take some photos let's
do this thing
I finally made it to the car I've got my
camera there put the flash just in case
it's a little bit low light and let's go
I need a service my car soon but not yet
it's got another few thousand miles to
go before we can service is more fucker
but let's go and I will keep you guys
updated as to what I'm doing
right so I've pretty much just been and
spoken to the year to the chef and what
we said is that they're going to prepare
a few dishes and apparently in here they
setting up a table where we're gonna do
the shooting the photos look really cool
and I'll see if I can find this table
right so guys I apologize partially not
and he's not getting as many shots as I
could off while I was there and they'll
understand that like when I'm working I
can't just like walk out the camera and
I'm like I can't walk out the phone am i
right guys I'm just really working when
I'm doing this sort of okay my cat is
just got the game bro
brisket what are you doing over here
yeah well then broke man except Marty
what are you doing look at ya Marty
thing he's old now guys he's gonna die
soon which is really sad because I'm so
much anyway yeah and so obviously got
back I'm a kid obviously it was a part
last night these are some of the photos
of guy I don't know forgot to show you
guys I'm gonna go and edit them closer
still had to make them look insane but I
got a few a few cheeky good shots these
are pretty nice got a nice that's quite
a nice shot you can't really see the
coast front camera can't really focus
very well on the on the on the on the
there's other shots of food and stuff my
LED light is I think yeah it's on its
last legs now guys I got one more one
led left and so I need to get some new
batteries my LED light but this thing is
awesome like if you need to light
anything up it's freakin sick like what
it did for the photos of the food and
what he did was it like I was able to
put the ISO on the camera to a hundred
and have a shift a speed of around 250
which meant the background was really
black like she was nothing there and
literally the food was like really
bright because obviously this doesn't
like this primarily doesn't light up the
background it just lights up the focus
point so that's really cool and I
thought I'd take it and test it out and
I'm really glad I did which is a it's
really awesome I'm really really glad I
got that but yeah but that is pretty
much a lot of you guys have been asking
about asking like well what I do when I
go to work and stuff like that is that
is a very small
small sliver of what I do I've got a few
wedding a few wedding weddings I've got
got them photographed soon but that
pretty much this guy contacted me and
said I'm a local chef near you and these
photos doing how much do you charge and
I told him how much they charge for you
know like a batch of photos that
probably take me like an hour to take
and then it was like cool pop down here
and this time and have done and that's
that is this is like what I do I'm it's
what it's called it's called freelance
pretty much right so so you do it
doesn't mean you free
it just means you work kind of for
yourself and you do a whole manner of
different things like you but you
specialize it in sort of I specialize in
video and photography work so I could do
wedding videos or like photography for
weddings which I've got coming up soon
and there's a load of like I don't even
know what this is I don't even know what
these are these are really soft it's
like fabric I think this thing to do you
guys know you know you guys never moving
house I think I think my parents are
looking at different materials with
sofas and they're looking at Clark in
English because they're frigging
expensive and that's what that's what
they like what's this oh this is
wallpaper I think I think there's
wallpaper in here I think I'm gonna get
a warp yes what is in here yeah
wallpapers I'm getting this isn't this
is the wallpapers that I need to choose
from tonight dad said I need to choose
some wallpaper from my room but one of
the back walls because the wall want my
bed I'm gonna have what's called a
feature wall which is a different
different wall to the other walls and
it's gonna have some wallpaper on it but
anyway the Sun is setting and it's time
it's time to it's time to end and the
video guys hopefully the next video I
might do a video on this channel soon
let me know in the comment section by
hitting the polite rating if you guys
won am a a cart or I'll clear my car out
give you guys a nice tour and give you
guys like a setup of the of the audio
and stuff of what I've got going on well
can you see that that no as well they
forgot to see see it's just there I've
got one of these little lights either
side of the pillars this is a pillar
there and a pillar I can't you can't
focus is a pillar of air and a pillar
barracks I've got two driveways and
those lives have a little recent
installed them and they light up the
house at night it was really sick anyway
yes - Alex you guys have been awesome
I'll see you in my my next my next my
next vid next my next production yeah
adios the motherfuckers bonus clips so
I'm really freaking hungry and I found
this in the fridge now this is chicken
korma and it's from Waitrose half price
it's great but I've had fucking cook the
shitty thing guys have got Bowl right if
I read on the back of this it says
microwave chilled right wasn't frozen it
was chilled so chilled sure definitely
chilled chilled right so I think I might
grab is a thousand watts because it's a
good microwave but I'm not sure so I'm
gonna meet in the middle I'm gonna say
four minutes in the microwave but now
the question is do I put it in the
microwave like this or do I put it in a
bowl first and then put it in the
microwave see these are the questions
which one needs to be asked asking
asking you guys this is what these
videos are for what do I do I'm gonna
cook this and it might go very wrong so
guys let me know in the comment section
down below
how you guys enjoyed the video peace the
fuck out
I love you guys so much
