morning guys it's freezing it's 7:50
6:00 in the morning and it's Wednesday I
thought I'd give you guys a bit of a a
college day today you guys have been
asking in the last video what happens at
college and what's the whole process of
the college day now the first process is
it's so cold
unless you just got in the car so the
heating won't work yet if you guys know
this but you have to get the engine warm
first get heating to work in the car so
usually by a few miles my heating will
be nice and warm but it's not at the
moment and I've just flipped onto one
biofuel which means I've got 27 miles
left in my tank I don't even know if
I'll be able to make it to the petrol
station with that I'm actually quite
scared I'm not even joking I don't
really know what to do I'm already late
as it is
I don't know this isn't gonna be very
good but the Sun sets really nice at the
sunset the Sun free this is our tie down
the Sun sets of sunrise the sunrise is
really nice I just tried to show you
guys but yeah I've got to travel all the
way to Lincoln which is I don't know 20
to 25 25 miles 30 miles from my house
and I've literally just sony only you
set off and the traffic is like really
bad our mornings I didn't I didn't
realize it with this bad luck it didn't
used to be this bad when he was to set
off like to go to my old school it's
obviously getting trained as you guys
know and I used to get the train and I
used to surf at half past seven to get
to the train station to get to Lincoln
obviously now I Drive so it's a bit
quicker so I can set off eight o'clock
with the difference between the traffic
between like 7 & 8 is mental and I'm so
much more tired now I've started college
like college is only half a day but I
have to get up half an hour earlier and
that makes a massive difference as well
as I put my alarm went off at 10 past
7:00 this morning temple 7 a.m. and
snooze so it goes off my 10 minutes
later on an iPhone and the nice news
alarm went off but I slept through this
news alarm like I woke up at like
half-past seven
so my snooze alarm must have been going
off for like 10 minutes and I'm also
just been sleeping through it
I'm so tired I believe she just started
watching misfits of you guys to see
misfits misfits there's like a TV
program in the UK after start watching
that you're not watching it a good
friend of mine told me to watch actually
and it's really really really cool I
didn't think it'd be this good but it's
a it's pretty good if you like your TV
series is there you into you sort of
cinematography and different things like
that then I definitely give that a watch
but yeah I'm gonna go I need to get mr.
figure ID to get some petrol I really
don't know how to get petrol from and
I'm a little bit worried about this so
I'll keep you guys updated all right so
I managed to to get some fuel and now I
need to try and find my car keys cuz I
don't know where the hell they are
and I'm really late so let's go
 traffic again
alright so is it I don't know why
people can't drive properly
our windscreen so dead
clean yourself there we go
and the car behind me right he cut me up
for the last round about if you can see
me now he could rip with the last round
of I didn't piss me off so so I've just
heard just i've cut him up on his boat
away i mean ii took him because he's in
the outside lake doing during like 65
but he's but he's cutting up at the
roundabout so out to him to take him
pissing me off good look at the Sun is
just about to come up over there this is
this is like do this thing I god
the guy behind me has just been hit no
way
I thought I heard a noise and then I
look in the window it's been hit
oh my god no way no way
focus phone burn you so bad at focusing
he's been hit holy Sophie's car as
my car and she has look at Sophie she is
a gem
she's even doing it for me oh my god so
there is a parking ticket for the day
I'll put that in there like that and
I'll take yesterday's one down just put
it on the seat and then here's my bag do
that up and then I might just just
arrive at College on time want some gum
first get some gum and run off
hi Sophie Jeff what's going on man what
we're doing right how's College
oh that's last night since it okay late
this is Sophie this is this is this is
the girl right there give me the parking
ticket this was wedg has just gone
down so I pretty much she's got more
from college and I know you guys gonna
like but Alex Alex you didn't show us
what happens at college
yeah no Jim wanted to tell you I nothing
happens at college like nothing there's
no point right it's no point in video in
college right because all we do is sit
there and do all taste it I'm like
a joke you know I don't know why I go
anyway quite a long story short I'm back
home all we did in college was watch
funny videos of people feeling on the
news because at the moment we're
studying life going live on on air on TV
and stuff so so so we spent the entire
lesson watching watching people up
on the news because apparently that's
going to get us ready for stuff and
apparently that taught us that things
can happen on the news so that was that
was a that was a great lesson the great
you know waste of ten quid in petrol to
get to college and a great waste of me
getting up at 7-eleven in the might now
I'm joking the thing is the tutor that
did the lesson was called Mike and
Mike's the best Mike's like the best so
Mike if you watching this you're the
best dude anyway yeah the most freaky
 is just happened you were even
realized I don't even know what to think
so I've got back first of all got back
and I can smell pain right walked at my
stairs and there was this little camera
here I don't know what that's doing
there so I can't explain that but then I
walk in here I can really smell those of
pain right and I'm like rocking right
now right here I can really smell pain
light in the doorway I'm like what the
going on and then I look round and then
my doorway my doorframe has been painted
and it's still really wet so I'm not
gonna touch it but I've had a new door I
didn't know why I didn't I really don't
understand why I've had a new doorframe
porn because now my lock doesn't work
the lock physically doesn't work it's
got nothing to go into like I'm my last
door femur drilled a hole so now I can't
unlock my door which is really
irritating I'm not sure what I'm gonna
do about that but anyway that's that and
then I walked in here and then I saw a
massive parcel on here so I was like
right okay and then on top of it I saw
an envelope that's not right I know what
the pastels that I'll open the parcel
first so open the parcel and it was this
yeah it was this game here okay now this
is for someone's birthday a friends
recommended me to get that for someone's
birthday it's really good game I did
play it with the plate with them and
it's really really funny but really
really rude at the same time so I got
got that someone's birthday I'm not
gonna disclose who just in case they're
watching right now but anyway that was
in this was the thing that was in the
letter it says YouTube on it and I'm
like whoa what the fuck's going on so
let me take a seat YouTube
congratulations right and I'm like I'm
like okay this is this is some sort of
this is some sort of this is some sort
of practical joke someone's playing a
joke on me right so I open it up right
and this is the contents of it it's got
massive massive essay right I read it to
you guys it says to Alex Brooks
obviously I'm Alex Brooks
it says hi my name is Lauren and I have
to be your biggest YouTube fan I just
want to say well done and thank you for
all your amazing work on YouTube good
luck with your channel in the future and
please keep up with the videos they make
me so happy and you helped me get
through my day from your biggest fan
Lauren kiss kiss kiss so what I want to
do is there it's for moon pick but what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put that right
there
I'm a bedside table right because I
 love that right and I looked I
looked because I thought I read this and
I was like wow this has gotta be a joke
this is gotta be a joke alright some
what's what I'm amazes playing a joke on
me this is a joke right
but I'm putting two and two together
I've looked at the envelope you know
that it came in and it says it's from
gern girls Bri good little girls Bri I
think I think it's going to be I looked
at it on Google Maps and it's
island off the coast of England right
and have the stamp in the corn it's from
moon ping so now really spectacle as to
whether that's a legit card or so much
Aztec in piss
I don't know what to think I honestly
don't I really don't know what to think
about this it's freaking awesome it like
literally if you've done that I love you
cool I'm thinking that thing is awesome
I tell you what right if it is you like
tweet me or something or Facebook me Oh
might you guys know all myself literally
in every single video I put out I've all
my stuff's in the description if you
can't find it in the description on this
channel it's definitely in the
description on my main channel mask bar
and mask while gaming channel Stephan in
the description in there but yeah that's
a stash of splashes some cool
 right that's cool
thank you so much Lauren and if this is
a joke then if that's a joke then what I
have to say to the person that did this
is you spent money on that and it's not
very funny but I've got a feeling that
that's legit and I think that is really
cool
I don't know how to help my address well
they didn't have my dress my dress was
wrong they just was wrong on the card
the address was for a couple of houses
down there but they know I did YouTube
so that they they they came and they
came and passed it along here so so yeah
they obviously know they they opened it
near my name was Alex and thought
this is at the wrong house so they could
come and give it round said this morning
but yeah it's weird but freaking cool
and I look forevers done that so thank
you but anyway yeah this has been
today's videos pretty lengthy actually
pretty lengthy video I think it's gonna
be lengthy anyway yeah what's up
with today someone crashed behind me I
heard him I shat myself did I hope I got
it on camera it's really out of focus
but I heard a bang and my heart dropped
because I thought someone was smashed
into the back of me I've literally just
had my bumper redone because someone my
dad was driving my car and scraped the
bottom of the water scraped it against
the wall that he couldn't see right so
I've literally just paid 150 quid to get
my to get my car fixed right to get the
scrape taken off the back of it and I
literally thought three days after that
someone's gotten smashed into
the back of me right so I was least you
get invited to get out my
right because I saw the guy behind me
getting out his car but then it turns
out someone smashed into the back of him
so I was like whew it wasn't me but I
still felt really bad like imagine I
don't know what if someone literally
smashed into the back of me on a dual
carriageway I've got out and I think I
think I would like oh my god I don't
know a god poor petrol inside
the car and set fire to it I didn't want
a good mentor I'd let you go mental I
don't know I don't know about anger
problems you see so I literally would go
mental but anyway yeah man is nuts you
guys have been awesome and this has been
today's vlog did logged-in flug think
and i'll see you guys in the next video
umm yeah yes
