welcome guys to another vlog on the
vlogging channel yes I know I'm in the
gym changing rooms now living a vlog is
because I'm not with anyone today
well a few more mates turning up in
about half an hour I've got here really
early and I thought Jesus hummed Invidia
on the vlog channel in ages so and yeah
but update you I'm at the gym and this
is like half of my day
this is like the afternoon what is the
time now a time now it's half past two
as a college this morning College was
pretty good what's a pretty bad it's
really boring
you know it's college but anyway yeah I
would advise you do the course that I
did because it's really really big crap
but yeah then one blog round about let's
get changed
got this bit the change mean to myself
so I sort likes bother myself over there
I'm testing out the fight your DAC today
so I think I'm gonna do a bit cardio
today and then I try them on a 5k last
time in 5k in 27 minutes which is pretty
good guy and I'm gonna try to push it to
25 minutes today but I've got the fire
duck helping me with math with my music
so yeah if you guys want to review of
this then it's on the tech channel by
anyway there is my protein joking it's
been like that for two days I haven't
put anything in it so I hope it's gonna
taste alright but yeah I'm gonna pull
some shapes and I'll see you guys in a
bit
that's the guys we're just finished at
the gym now she is right Barney are you
ready for takeoff over three two one
execute and he's off right let's go
let's drive I'm not gonna recording
drugs I think you guys where's Barney I
hear you loud and clear over I'll be
following you to your place over well
let's go guys let's go guys barn and
we're done with fuel left
we'll get about the bonus we register
chill but a good gym session actually
I'm absolutely fucking knackered but
we're going we're going home now and
yeah let's do this thing
Mabon did got some stuff to talk to you
guys about so we will talk to you guys
about that in a short while okay see in
a bisl chocolate
and it's concentrate now by yo so guys
as you can see the hands relief look at
that look at my hair
are you having a laugh son are you
literally having a laugh son anyway yeah
apologies let me just turn that down a
bit okay yet so guys um yeah first I
apologize my hobby I've been to the gym
how to shower in that I've been to the
spa and but one cool thing is I figured
out how to do me and a mate the deal of
the day is the what's it called on
where's Mike is my card in video the
g-force can you see it in that at the G
Falls there you can see the g-force in
there we figured out how to do the I
think it's not on affinity
it's the Nvidia surround I think it's
called so we had bloody what's it called
far cry for playing on all three screens
like literally it was it was it was in
saying and I wish I've recorded it but I
will set it back up again and try and
try and and try and record it for you
guys on the tech channel but yeah my
broom is really messing with you guys
know we're selling the house at the
moment have actually got a viewing
tomorrow I believe so I need to like
tidy that tired of this shit out of my
room gosh it's everywhere it's
everywhere clothes there and sliders
there and everything but yeah what to
talk to you guys about a few erm
happy video ideas so I haven't uploaded
since a setup video which is four days
ago which is got 27,000 fucking views
27,000 views in four days is pre mental
I wouldn't lie it's a lot of views I
find that really hard to sort of
comprehend um but yeah I need to
certainly stop loading so as you guys
the hell was that as you guys know and
yeah I'm liking
I'm liking doing the vlogs in the funny
sort of entertaining videos for you guys
so I've had a really caught up with a
few cool ideas I'm not gonna share I'm
not gonna share all of them with you
guys because I want to give me three of
them secret cause if um I'm a proof
looking good and I think you guys are
gonna absolutely love them but I was
with the Jim herb aren't we buying today
and he said a lot you see Barney's left
school and he said to me he was like
look I want to start helping you be
YouTube and doing some
and doing some videos with you so I was
like right okay what do you have in mind
and he said well I've been thinking
about it what we thought would be a
really cool video it's because by Barney
pretty much knows me the best out of any
person in the entire world other than my
family obviously it would be quite funny
to do to do a video that's like called
the real Alex and then you guys can ask
questions on Twitter that are for me but
like I don't know it could be it could
be it could be how is Alex a virgin or
how many times how many birds is Alec
slept with or I'm not trying to think of
trying to think that obviously then I
embarrassing ones have Barney answered
them properly but anyway just like shit
like really fuck it really fucked some
questions that I would probably lie
about it's really hard to explain and
Barney answers the questions pretending
to be me so obviously he'll give you
guys the legit answers because he's not
me it's really hard to explain but
hopefully you guys get it hopefully you
guys you get it let me know in the cars
in down below if you get it and look
right I've had I've had some
celebrations you know you guys want
celebrations all right this is what's
left a lot more teasers I like Mars I
like galaxy I like Milky Way I like more
teasers like like like like don't like
Snickers or bounty so what these are
gonna do these anyway the bin right
there no one likes you
there's the bad boys these are them but
anyway guys yeah you've enjoyed this
little it's cheeky little video update
thing and I want to start doing a lot
more videos in this channel like try and
do them daily I don't have time to do
them daily that's the thing there
colleges are is a bore like I'm doing
loads of work at the moment with YouTube
and stuff but hopefully things should
calm down as the year starts to get
rolling and I might start to do things
like daily but for now expect two or
three a week just little vlogs and
update things about what's going on I'm
gonna do a video on the tech channel
about these three monitors and getting
them to play a video surround is really
like the best experience you'll ever do
and you like ever see in your life and
this is the new video ending thing right
foot for the main channel on the tech
channel and then if you guys to be able
to see it because my phone's backwards
but it says so obviously the video will
play in there like the next video that
you can see and this is click to
subscribe
vlogging main channel technology so
these are boxes around and people that
aren't subscribed to my other channels
couldn't like physically subscribe
all my channels which is really cool so
yeah we've got the new design going I
hope you guys are liking the new design
I think it's freaking awesome
the design is uniform across all three
of the channels so let me try and let me
try and give you guys an example we've
got we've got blue on the main channel
and then the tech channel is all green
so it's exactly as they decided just
different colors and then the Alex
Brooks channel my vlogging channel is
red so that's that's it and we've got
we've got new thumbnails so I'm gonna do
all the thumbnails have gone on now
which is pretty cool so all the
thumbnails have got red boxes around
them you can't really see them because
I've watched the videos but you guys
will probably about to see them but
it'll be on this video you'll have seen
it but anyway yeah that's pretty much
been my update video for today we can
get off for five minutes now which is
crazy but yeah my name's Bernard you
guys have been awesome a light rink as
always has appreciate it guys tell your
friends about the issue challenge
packing caches in my mouth you guys have
got to send me some snapshots of you
doing stupid stuff because I want to see
you guys know super stuff and uh plop
them in the next video my snapchat is
Marcy snaps there's always a link in the
description to it or it's in the
description anyway ass give it go oh
fuck it's not fair okay I got one more
game one more game oh my god okay hit my
mouth okay hit my mouth yeah you guys
need some snapchats I'll chat one more
time oh that was in my mouth no no this
isn't fair this is a mars bar she'll be
going straight in straight in anyway -
Manoj you guys have been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video also I'm
checking out a few tracks at the moment
you can follow me on Spotify it's Alex
Oliver Brooks anyway I'll see you soon
guys bye
