so guys how are you doing today today is
Sunday and Sunday is very tired day for
me I'm I'm tired K I'm tired
check out this I've got the three
screens right we've got Paris New York
no New York and London how freaking cool
is that Paris New York London my three
favorite places I've never been I've
been to Paris once when I was younger I
was went to New York about two years ago
two or three years ago and London
obviously I live in the UK so I can go
to them there for one but then my free
like three favorite places now I didn't
get back until probably like 4:00 this
morning I went to Lincoln I got I was in
bed at 12 right I was watching a film in
bed right and I got a FaceTime call in
bed and I was like whoa whoa why there's
why is it do FaceTime I was like yeah I
invite to a party come come to Lincoln
and Lincoln from where I live is like 20
minutes drive off and I'll drive so I
just thought fuck it let's just get
shit-faced and ended up getting in
that's just come out look where is they
can you see him E
again dad anyway yeah and getting
shit-faced till foreign thendo getting
back at 4:00 in the morning and the
reason I did it was because everyone
else now is all mine all my friends
anyway all my friends are 18 already so
they're all going out clubbing but I'm
not 18 yet so I can't do that and it's
really fucking annoying so so so yeah
other than that but I'm about to go out
for dinner pie now so we're all there oh
yeah one more thing my cars getting
mended I crushed my cars and there she
is Lord that if you can see through
Hobday this window is but there's the
guide mending the back of my car because
because someone crashed into me yeah I'm
not good it sir wasn't too much of an
expensive install a fix but yeah you
know it's got to be done I need to have
my car looking good don't looking like
Oh someone's crashed into me because
it's not it's not what do you want still
rolling so I got the Joker in there as
well which means there's 53 minus 150
teachers a lot of cards all those can
you help me the same same deal I go
like that yeah you just say so or
whatever that is that okay yep memorize
it get on camera if you want you can't
change no choice got it yep good all I
know right now it's about halfway in the
day I shuffle done and then there's
actually one thing that I do know I know
it's not the king of clubs that's right
isn't it mm-hmm
okay reason I know that it sucks the top
card in the deck when I went like this
so hold you hand like that for me I
could gamble I could go with Mike King
of Spades or something but I definitely
know it's not king of clubs you might
feel it just moved
see that let's take cover the deck like
that yeah good hold tight this was this
glass low and balance on the glass five
in fact I'll eliminate the card right
I'll just use the glass can you hear it
you can hear it and it's weird because I
can feel it and then I just drop so
we've got glass and then
right so hey guys what's going on my
name's Alex and welcome embarrassing may
say hi to the people how old am i how
old am i NC 18 how old's Annie this is
17 how old how old snake 21 how Alex 21
my mom tomatoes today back in 3 2 1
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear so yeah it's
been a it's been a fairly heavy weekend
look at that so bright isn't it's crazy
bright you can't you can't even see my
face it's mental anyway yes it's been a
it's been it's been one crazy
motherfucking weekend right I was where
was out Friday night with Barney in the
pub it was Barney's 18th birthday and we
just got for you guys are on my snapchat
we have seen so many people on my
snapchat people just lot on it like
taking photos and stuff but it was just
crazy so he was out then we got back at
like 3:00 in the morning on Friday
Saturday night which was last night I
was gonna have a quiet night at home but
I invited to a party in Lincoln at 1:00
in the morning so then I drove to
Lincoln as you guys have known then I
drove back at 3 in the morning and then
today I've been at Barney's actual 18th
party thing gathering at his house it
was good laughs it's good craic I think
I'm gonna need to eat that's the thing
so you know anything to eat like you get
drunk quite quickly so yeah I'm back
home now though and I've got I've got
Jekyll man tonight we've got some
college shit we need to catch up on
because as you guys know the Christmas
holiday season or whatever Christmas New
Year whatever you guys call it it's
coming to an end back to back to hard
working and graft now guys anything guys
to be working hard you to work hard in
school or what-have-you did okay just to
make sure to make sure my mom is
freaking lice so right anyway yes this
has been it for the sort of weekend rock
thing and I hope you guys have enjoyed
drop a like rating if you want to see
more of this type of videos and if you
want to see just sort of daily daily
random videos in the blog channel then
let me know oh and also all the new
channel art has come in Rob has a Rob
has done all the new channel art for the
for all three channels we've got a
uniform design going across the hop all
three of the channels so go check it out
and drop a comment let me know what you
think of the of the channel art they're
quite they're quite good designs because
they work really well on the iPhone on
like on my iPhone or you know phone
YouTube applications and they also look
really cool on the banner
um but yeah guys that
Ben that's been my weekend it's been
full of the magicians and and getting
drunk and stuff but yeah anyway guys if
you enjoy a lightweight as always as
appreciate - well as you guys I've been
awesome I'll see you in my next video I
couldn't do any faster if I tried could
I
I mean outro couldn't do my outro any
faster stupid idiot
