right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome to the second
video on my vlogging channel yes guys
I'm gonna go through this channel I love
it I love just being able to upload
videos like this whenever I want to this
channel I love having a separate channel
but today it's a very special day
obviously today is New Year's is his New
Year's Day literally this is the first
day of 2015 I think it is anyway this is
the first ever 2015 and I'm gonna turn
my lights on so I can show you guys some
stuff so we have loads of people staying
over our house because we do it's just
it's just how goes down he is New
Year's Eve in New Year's Day we have a
 ton of people around so as you can
see there's like beds here people's bags
and and what's this what's this
here there's a pillows and obviously
there's my bed and there's my laptop but
today's a very special day you guys know
why you can't know why because today is
the day that I'm releasing this set of
video and obviously is New Year's Day so
guys I hope you're had a very good very
very good New Year's I still haven't had
it my window fixed by the way as you can
see it's still all cracked and yeah so
it needs to be fixed I did punched it
put a big hole in with my fist so yeah
but I've literally just used my camera
to take the photo the thumbnail of the
setup video so I think it was this sort
of angle had the lights turned off same
as last year so you saw sort of the
three monitors and and the screen there
it was looking pretty snazzy had the
Xbox one screen on there so pretty much
the same as last year as I said guys not
much as so this would really because
because like it's I can't speak why can
I not speak that's just cracked the
window just the windows cracking I think
it's gonna break anyway the thing is
with a setup like nothing physically has
changed like between last year and this
year I got that unit hab TV I got
different monitors a lot of stuff
changed but this year not much has
changed I've just got more tech so I've
got like the Philips hue lights and the
phantom what's new the new surround
sound a different um new camera gear a
third monitor a different keyboard and
mouse then that and that's that's pretty
much that's pretty much like other stuff
that's changed but the setup video is
the
31 minutes long or something ridiculous
like that
it's just crazy but yeah that's coming
out at 6 p.m. tonight so hopefully if
it's out now I should I'll put a link on
that on the screen now and annotation so
you guys can watch a setup video make
sure you go get something to eat and a
nice drink and wait for it to load in
1080p because it spent a lot a long time
and it's pretty cool it's quick pretty
cool video to tell you guys so just just
a cheeky cheeky cheeky little update
from me as I said guys if you guys want
me to do any videos I'm like behind the
scenes of me how how I create my videos
on this channel then let me know let me
know what sort of videos you guys want
to say joke with gesture just to do
these random random little updates now
and again these things are really cool
should try and put one on now wait it
might work
wait a sec you guys never say anything
just yet it's not the lens cap on Alex
well done well done well done oh oh look
at that
is that really weird is that really
really really really really weird Oh
what the hell yes so this is a fisheye
lens I don't know if it's than if it
makes a quality really bad or anything
to make it better or worse it makes my
face look really small anyway yeah so
this is the setup it looks really cool
with the fisheye I put the razor
wallpapers on this is just some this is
just some text that I've been there
I've been sort of doing but it looks
really cool if you put the three the
three three rays of wallpapers like that
it's looking really cool I'm really
enjoying enjoying the cell it's really
really really really cool so let's see
let's see what if I do this for long
enough I might be able to get it here's
the Edit it here's the editing suite
look look at that look at those dang
shots there look at the shots but let me
see if I can get this a thumbnail this
video if i if i mother's for long enough
a doubt i've done it if I've done it
then you'll see it tell me in the in the
in the comments if if this is managed to
get if this has managed to be the the
thumbnail imagine if it was a bit like
wow wow really I was not a waste of time
it actually worked because we've got a
freaking awesome thumbnail anyway yeah I
should you guys should be seeing it the
setup video fairly soon as you can see
it's uploaded you guys can't really see
actually I'm trying to show you yeah
where secret is fish
but it is uploaded uploaded one of one
in the top corner they even if you can
see it's to expose one of one that's
backwards but it's scheduled for 6:00
p.m. today first of January so and I put
all all the products in the description
so in the description of it you can see
all the products there's also all the
discount codes that I've got for you
guys in the description the description
is huge so if you're watching it make
sure you make sure you make sure you'll
be looking in the description and to
sort that out why there mustn't gap back
it's not ready yet it's not ready I need
to I've still got more things to sort
but yeah this is a this is this is
pretty much the description and what's
what's going on and it's a huge
description and stuff so yeah that's
pretty much update video guys I hope you
guys had a great new year and this is
just been my little New Year's vlog and
not much is going on have been out for a
meal today but much the new house just
to check it out on New Year's Day and
yes guys I might give you guys another
vlog of the new house soon rather than
later because I know you guys really
enjoy the stuff like that but yeah we
set up some his my two lighters I've got
my jet the jet is that the jet is the
boss you ready for this oh look at that
that's the jet and then I've obviously
got the the bog-standard wait what I'm
doing this is the bog-standard lighter
there's the shitty lighter we did we set
up some sky lanterns last night and I
followed them with the with the drone
but unfortunately there's two big rent
lights on the on the drone here and I
put the GoPro in low light mode to go
404 and it picked up the red lights from
the side because it was in low light
mode and it just really overexposed the
image so it didn't really look that cool
but it was alright little pretty cool
everyone else enjoyed it but obviously
me being the cinematography man that I
am I was just like this is a little bit
overexposed but anyway yeah other than
that me and the lion are gonna say
goodbye and I will see you in in my next
video it's been six minutes Jesus Christ
I'm going I'm got stuff to do but things
to be and every guys I hope you guys
I've had a good New Year's nice to be
family as well you know haven't got any
years then cheer up get some drink down
here and have a good time anyway me and
Chloe I'll say bye
