right so hey guys what's going on my
name is Alex and welcome to my brand-new
freaking youtube channel yes this is
this is my brand new youtube channel now
let's just lay down like let's just like
lay down like a few ground rules okay
first off first few ground rules so the
name of the channel is Alex Brooks I
don't want to be I don't want to tie
myself down to to some sort of name I
want to be I want it to be my name and
I'm going to try once you get over 500
subscribers you can change the actual
URL of the channel so I'm going to
change the URL to the channel to ally
broker because I'd guarantee Alex Brooks
will be taken so you need to have over
500 subscribers to change the actual URL
of your channel so hopefully we can get
over 500 subscribers on this channel
hopefully hopefully we have a 500 like
ratings nevermind subscribers but yeah
anyway guys yeah this is my brand new
YouTube channel I'm going to be doing
videos like these when I'm in college
what I'm doing when I'm working when I'm
out and about on the field when I'm
working and this is this was me this is
my tripod and I've literally just been
sat there recording my video um so yeah
you guys wanted me to do a video of what
I got for Christmas and what's been
going on and and and stuff so this is
this is a few little toys and gadgets
have got the first thing you could put
you probably you probably notice is you
like Alex white why should really pink
what's going on why is everything pink
what's going on it's all it's all pink
and everything's and everything's pink
and you've got these like weird light
UFO pink lights or pretty much what
these are that's meant to light up the
wall by the way she can probably tell
pretty much what these are is these are
these are called the Philips hue these
are the Philips shoot this is the
Philips hue system so I've got a light
there a light up there and the LED
strips behind the TV that is also part
of the Philips hue system now what you
can try it what you got try and not get
confused with is the LEDs behind there
and the LEDs underneath under there and
the LEDs behind my bed aren't Philips
you they're normal LEDs they're just
general LEDs which you can control with
with with these things right but the
Philips shoe does a lot more than that
so I've got my iPad here right on the
start on this new higher I stand which
charges your iPod which I also got for
Christmas I've got a few missed calls
there but
I don't need guys in my code you guys
know it starts with a one but yeah this
is the Philips shoe so what you can do
is you can like turn the lights up so
you can see it's as guns there and
that's because this light looks at the
guns on the wall so if I turn that up
and down look you'll see that the light
turns off and then comes on again and
then it's all cannot you're connected
through your network you see
and then you've got scenes so you can do
like all off and then it will turn like
every single light off so all the
Philips you lights the lights behind
there the lights up there buddy blah
you've got that custom preset so you've
got like deep-sea or pencils and you can
make your own presets and it just
changes the whole color of the lights in
the feel of they see the room changing
we got green they're quite vibrant we've
got pink again Pink's quite quite a big
one yellow up there now so yeah you can
pretty much control all these lights
anywhere in the world have your own
presets as you can see now we've got
blue behind the TV but what I'm going to
eventually do between now moving into
the new house is replace all the LEDs
with Philips hue LEDs so I can control
them on the phone so that'll be those
ones behind there those ones behind the
bed and the ones up there and the ones
under there actually on turned on
actually which is I don't know why I
think that may be broken but yeah that
is a one of the main cool things I got I
got for Christmas it also got a but turn
of clothes like I love clothes
ie that you don't don't get me wrong
well I'm in my joggers today and I'm
gonna I'm in my just chilling jet will
stop ago running in this top but yeah I
just I'm just chillin today so obviously
I'm not dressed like a like old app but
yeah so that was what I got for
Christmas I also got this let me turn
the light on I also got this this slider
here see you put your camera on it like
that and then you can push it nice and
slow and I do this I use this for when
I'm recording promotional videos for
different companies you guys might see
my angel coffee house video but bloated
on my Mars bar gaming channel and see
things like that this is what this
channel is going to be for like videos
behind the scenes when I'm out working
for different companies and doing their
promotional videos and stuff I can
record behind the scenes stuff which is
going to be awesome so yeah that was
that's just for my work and stuff and
another thing off Christmas was was my
granddad
sorry my grandma look and I'm a
grandmother dead my
is a mocker site I met get mixed up my
granddad was a huge audiophile right he
loved his sound quality right and this
is one of the sound systems that you
really wanted so I got it I got it for
Christmas so it's the acoustic to audio
mass system this sub is huge huge like
that is a 42 inch TV right that sub is
huge it's like a massive thing and then
these are all around the room so you've
got these and this sound system
obviously replaces the Boston acoustic
set which I had last time which are out
there so if you just look at the size of
the sub and one of the little speakers
I'll bring one of the little speakers in
so you can place it on top of there
that's the size difference it's freaking
huge look these would replace those
things so yeah the sound quality is
insane so we also got about an and then
you guys will be like well Alex Alex
you've got some cool stuff on your desk
let's have a look
well there's my desk now the monitors
and I've got a triple monitor set up I'm
just rendering the video out for today
for the gaming the Mars bar gaming
channel um so that is the video talking
about the channel that you guys are
hopefully watching now you've already
subscribed to make sure you definitely
press that subscribe button guys so you
don't miss any uploads and then I've got
the snazzy cool light here which is
which is crazy so it's on top of my
camera which is what I used to record my
videos the the Canon 650d and on there
I've got a 28 mil F 1.8 lens which is an
absolutely gorgeous lens I'd recommend
picking up for doing any YouTube work
and then this light obviously turn it on
there's just battery powered and then it
just lights up the scene
or whatever you wherever you hold the
camera you can light up which is a which
is really cool it's like really bright
like if I was to just go see that you
can't even see me look turn now there
you go so you can just turn up the
intensity or turn it down or ever and so
yeah that's just a crazy looks quite
cool actually just you should go around
with my face overexposed yeah anyway so
yeah that's what I got for I also got
that for Christmas which is which is
pretty cool I got back from a secret
santa so I should know who got me that
but obviously people know I like my
video work and I'd do it for a job
obviously so and yeah but that that is a
little look at the stuff I got for
Christmas obviously a lot of this you
get you guys are going to see more in
depth in the settled video on the main
channel and so that'll be coming out but
I'll be coming out sometime sometime
soon but if you guys want what want any
videos in this channel could you guys
give me some video ideas that you may
want maybe I don't know a video behind
the scenes of me working a video behind
the scenes of me making videos like the
big videos with a camera some more
behind-the-scenes stuff at the new house
obviously all the networking videos and
technology videos that I do on the new
house we've got my tech channel which is
linked in the description so so yeah
I've pretty much now got three channels
I've got this channel which is my
vlogging channel I've got miles more
gaming which is my professional video
channel and that I've got my tech
Channel where get sponsored item sent to
me and the reviews and stuff on them and
beyond of seems technology videos and
stuff but yeah this is a this is Alex
Brooks welcome to the channel and that
has been the one I got for Christmas
video that you guys wanted so yes let me
know any more video ideas that you guys
may want and I will see you in in my
next in my next video which will
hopefully be syncs I'm going to make
these regular uploads on this channel
very regular like tried to do it daily
if not once every two days but yes
somabai to Philips you until the setup
video and I will see you guys in my next
video I hope you guys had great
Christmas or whatever you guys celebrate
and yeah my name's Ben alakazam in
Austin also umanets video ideas Preston
Roberta
