I'm super humming hair like this
probably not good gym session Monday
morning let's get it this week guys
let's do it
so guys good morning how are we all
doing my name is of course Alex guys and
welcome back to another daily blog
classic meme never dare a load of stuff
arrived from eBay and well apparently
Amazon as well so don't if you guys
remember this however last week we were
at a massive ebay spree on the blog we
ordered a load of stuff from eBay a lot
of that has arrived now am i surely
anxiety I don't want to open every
single one of these boxes right now
so guys let's start with this one
hope you'll package things on eBay they
just think the more tape they put
rounded them the more secure it's gonna
be oh I know exactly what this is this
is a fuzz this is somebody's Christmas
prison well looks like we started out
with the two boring items a Christmas
present as to which I can't open and
some glue however this is the best glue
money can buy trust me on that not
sponsored so in here you guys I think we
are going to find okay so this is part
one of a car modification I want to do
to our camo car the JCW this is a
cigarette lighter extension socket and I
think guys what is going to be in this
Amazon box is going to be part number
two of our car modifications this my
friends is a wireless charger oh my lord
it might only just fit
every time I look at like I fall in love
with it again today because I did a tech
phone video on my tech channel Bauer sir
run and I want to get your guys opinions
and I'm being deadly serious with this
by the way it's really really cool well
I think
now the reason I want to get your guy's
opinion of it is because I've done a
tech flow video and there was numerous
mixed comments in the comment section
because i sat there on this tech video
and yes this was a it was a sponsored
tech flow video however they sent this
product out that we just set up and they
just asked for a review so I gave them
my review I think this thing is
genuinely wicked big job on is that look
this thing is actually giving off a
Wi-Fi network that you can connect to on
your smartphone or tablet whether that
be an Android or an iOS device or
whatever you have so I'm connecting to
that now and once you're connected you
launch the app that it comes with and
then I just thought oh it's just gonna
be able to drive the thing around but no
way in mind the thing I'm trying to get
across here is this is meant to be a toy
like this is more than a toy look I know
you're probably thinking Alex will the
heck's that look watch this so under
here guys there's actually a well a
camera first you see look there's me
stood there with my Easy's on you
actually have a full-on view of what
this thing sees as you drive it round
through the full screen controls you can
drive this thing round
he also has that fund that the perks
like it has these missile things like
that okay so pressing that actually
raises and lowers the turret and then
you can fire like synthesized bullets on
the screen if you've got some obstacles
to overcome you can raise and lower the
back end of it and then if you look
there's actually now smoke coming out
the back of it it's just really cool
like it's just cool I think what I like
more than anything is when a company
sets out to make a product but there's
just a hundred percent no expense spared
whatsoever I think this is really really
cool I'll drop a link to in the
description if you want about the
template video too but I want your guys
opinions on this down in the comment all
I'm saying is if you're a massive Batman
fan this is sick so guys I've literally
just got back from the office and oh oh
I'm not sure what's happened okay so I
woke up this morning and there was
nothing on the computer so I restarted
it and I've come back to it I don't know
what I don't know what any of that means
that that this thing isn't working why
is it doing that the keyboard lights are
coming on nothing's coming on the
screens
no I don't know what to do Dave
no not really
the computers broke yeah Oh bro you're
legend I'll be there in ten ah thank you
so much dude I'm not sure what's
happening nothing is working there's
this error code that's coming up on the
ball up there that keeps circling around
I need to go and get Dave help me I feel
really sad my babies died today we've
been here for 10 minutes with his
magical powers and we've kind of got a
little bit further forward not much
further forward though like the things
still not posting is not posting I've
got work on there that I need to do now
still absolutely zero look with the
computer we're not going anywhere with
it I think the motherboard well I think
the motherboard is gone this is the last
time we're trying this to see if we can
get this thing to boot and the answer is
55 55 for those of you out the loop
which is all of you means no nada this
thing isn't working
we come all the way to the office to get
this CPU to see if it is the CPU not
sure if it is before Dave takes my PC
all the way back to try and mend it
we're going to try everything we can has
turned into a nightmare
a literal nightmare
drew myself to a takeaway horrible
I've got deadlines and things that I
need to get done tomorrow they're on
that computer Dave what are you doing
what's that what what's going down this
is stress testing it and then this is
running at the CPU of 100% and then that
is the temperature yeah so 100% it's at
60 degrees yes almost seven eh yeah well
that's professor good temperatures oh
yeah four seven seven hundred gates
decent my seven seven hundred cave-ins
crazy hot so guys this is a spare 770 k
7 700 K but I had in the office we
brought this round piped it into the
computer David's been here for about 3-4
hours now working his magic it's working
and you guys are never ever gonna
believe the cause of the problem the
last CPU I had in there was the six 700
K and that is fried hey thank you my man
you are a star right guys excuse me for
like 40 minutes I need to take Dave home
and then I'm gonna come right back here
and explain to you guys the problem that
me and Dave think cause the last CPU to
fry inside of my computer so you guys
don't make the same mistake at home so
give me 40 minutes and I'll be back with
you guys so Dave massive props because
he's a massive massive legend for
staying here all evening trying to fix
my PC as I've said I've got some work I
need on this PC to do tomorrow morning
that I need tomorrow morning on my PC
was totally dead it has been all day I
turn my computer off every night number
one to save the polar bears and number
two because this thing makes a lot of
noise and it's very light and I am a
person that can sleep only when it's
really dark and when it's really quiet
so I woke up this morning as I do every
single day pulled forward my keyboard
and click the little button to turn on
the computer the keyboard Lecter I heard
the computer turn on brilliant I went
downstairs to make a coffee came back
upstairs and none of the screens were on
I walked into there the computers LEDs
were on everything seemed fine I thought
that's really strange
I don't need to use the computer this
morning though so I left to go to the
office after unboxing all of this stuff
then I came back here so first off I
think maybe
the GPU has died so I get out this
monitor right here and I plug it in via
HDMI cable so at this point I'm like wow
unplugging all the USB ports making sure
there's no ethernet just the screen
plugged in and the computer turns on for
half a second turns off turns back on
for half a second
turns off this is a video that I sent
today of the PC model when I first saw
this happening today
now it turns out that after much
troubleshooting it was the CPU inside
the computer that had totally been fried
but what when they put in the new CPU a
warning flashed up on the computer and
here's a shoddy picture that Dave took
in a rush and as you can see from that
it's something to do with a USB device
plugging a USB device into the computer
physically killed the CPU inside of now
this might not be it but I think it is
and the other day I purchased a powered
USB 3 hub off of ebay for five pounds
which I thought was an absolute steal
and I plugged it in everything worked I
was like wow this is actually working as
you can see it's under my desk here it's
now not being used though so what I
think was happening was this I think
that five-pound USB hub off eBay had
corrupt the motherboard putting a lot of
voltage into it which ended up then
frying the CPU inside the computer so
instead I'm about to pull the trigger on
this and it is a lot of money for a USB
hub however it has five stars on Amazon
and therefore I'll be able to plug in my
Corsair keyboard corsair mouse cursor
mouse mark headphones and headphone
stand into this one hub because it's
power it's gonna be able to power
everything absolutely fine with those
reviews that I've read and hopefully not
blow up my brand new beast of a computer
almost version two but you guys listen
to me
then you dare you dare cheap out on USB
hubs because it is literally ruined half
of my day there is however guys one
thing that makes me really really happy
and that is seeing your guys messages
and presents and things that you send me
so I've just been opening some peer box
stuff off camera and organizing it all
and as usual my girlfriend's been
helping me do so she's now in the
bathroom and if you near around there
this box sucks so you don't subscribe no
please subscribe my vlogs usually better
than this
you did we're doing nothing I thought
you're taking your make the pair doing
guys I will see you in it tomorrow's one
