calling us our elder who my name is of
course Alex welcome to Sunday this is
day three of three of no work and I'm
absolutely dying I've been trying to
stay away from work for the past three
days as you guys know hasn't been doing
well for me but we've been having fun on
the vlog and Jordan is coming today
which is absolutely awesome it's coming
for one reason and one reason only and
that is to actually know it's going for
two reasons so he's coming for two
reasons first reason is that our outside
lights don't work
and Jordan is now a qualified
electrician which is absolutely awesome
so he's yeah it's come on startup garden
lights and then after that well I'll let
you guys decide where we're going
because it's where we always go and we
both really really like it oh wait a
minute he hasn't even seen my wrapped
car yet he's gonna absolutely love it
anyway what you're thinking the car it's
mental isn't it yeah what about the mini
though these guys toolbox everything GI
fix the lights
my god that gives you a demo put your
under over the sensor oh I see put your
under over the sensor and then wait a
minute they actually aren't sure you
fixed it till your end off yeah you
haven't fixed it isn't probably
qualified electrician I'm so proud of
him none day I'm feeling shaky too
man
J I've got two questions for AJ number
one yeah how did you pick the light it
was replaced you replaced the photocell
nice working who's a legend you are and
number two what do you think of my car
he's pretty insane I appreciate that I
appreciate that
let's go
we were running bomb never even fun if
we wasn't broke it was our friends it's
alibis no one ever knew just another
session over with Jordan guys he's
dropping back home and I've jumped
straight in the car and come round to
the office because I want to explain
something to you guys now our journey
was just gonna leave this out of the
vlog because this happened yesterday and
whenever I talk about bashing Apple
products it just seems to get all thrown
back in my face and I legitimately have
no idea why so I tweeted about this
yesterday and you probably put two and
two together and know that I'm talking
about this Apple watch here this is my
series three Apple watch and as you
probably may have noticed today I've
been wearing this tag watch this is my
like nice watch that I would wear when
this is either dead or I don't want to
wear it and be a little bit disconnected
and as you can see the screen is hanging
off my beautiful series three LTE watch
and you probably think of yourself Alex
what have you done I'm gonna get into
that but first need to explain a few
things I want to try to explain myself
so first of all explain guys though
obviously as you know I run this vlog as
a daily thing it's enough of a challenge
to do that as it is and if you can I see
me upset or annoyed and I don't
physically talk about that through the
blog you're gonna feel left out and
you're gonna be like Alex what the hell
is wrong with you you're not yourself
today what's going on so anything any
feelings that I have I have to portray
to you guys so you know what's going on
inside that mental brain of mine and
then leads me on to one massive
frustration I have a lot in my life and
that frustration goes towards one
company and that company being Apple
so the first question I get a lot is
Alex why do you complain about apples so
much and I don't I really really really
really don't complain about Apple so
much I've made a few videos on them
that's not complaining about them a lot
now in my head think about it this way
and think about it logically Apple are
if not the biggest one Apple are the
ninth biggest company in the world I
don't complain about my iPhone I
absolutely love my iPhone and I also for
the record love Android phones I have a
Nokia Android phone I also have owned a
Google pixel one and I love the Google
pixel one that much I now have the
Google pixel 2 as my work phone I also
own a Samsung Galaxy say which I keep as
a spare phone I like Android phones
don't get me wrong I just have a
preference towards Apple phones because
all the people in my life use services
like iMessage and FaceTime and FaceTime
audio so this for me works better but
however I do own and like Android phones
my main computers at the office both of
them and my main computer at home are
windows-based computers with Windows 10
on the operating system
I love windows lots it's actually my
favorite operating system now the
product the kicked off my complaints
against that wall was my late 2016
MacBook Pro I dropped two and a half
thousand pounds on this bad boy right
and that is the exact point that no
matter how much you learn is a lot of
money to spend on a laptop you should
expect great build quality you should
expect very little to no hardware
defects you should expect the thing to
work flawless and granted technology is
technology my MacBook is the only Apple
thing I have ever complained about and I
feel like I have very valid reason to
complain about it I'm very careful with
all of my items right I take care of
them I don't misuse them my screen has a
weird line in it right which I took to
Apple and they said they would replace
it but then never got back to me twice
that happened this the 1 of 4 USB C port
doesn't work or recognize devices
whatsoever the enter key and backspace
key on my laptop
very intermittent in the N key doesn't
work or all I'm only had it a year and
you guys are like what Alex take it back
as I told you guys I have done twice and
they haven't got back to me they say
they'll fix it and they just don't Alex
get a Windows laptop and I would but I
love final cut for these reasons here
versus premier the Jonathan Morrison on
explain everybody says Alex stop
complaining about Apple it's not a
complaint
it's just facts I'm just telling you
guys my experience the only other thing
I've complained about Apple about was
the LTE on this series 3 watch which
didn't work for the first month of me
owning it and it was the reason I bought
this watch imagine buying a product for
one reason and that reason just not
working when you buy the product you'd
be annoyed wouldn't you I'm not trying
to complain I'm just telling you guys
what's going on I'm why I'm for straight
my typing on a keyboard is exactly what
I was doing sat right here yesterday on
this exact keyboard when I went to
glance at the time and the screen fell
off my Apple watch series 3 just fell
right off there I simply was typing went
a glance at the time the screen flops
for now I am by no means saying that
every Apple watch is going to do this
this is clearly just a hardware defect -
hopefully my model only but the screen
is not on the watch anymore it doesn't
go on the watch physically doesn't work
I don't know how this happened it's in
immaculate condition there's no
scratches bumps or grazes on this thing
anywhere they use it every single day
which is why it's annoying that my hanky
doesn't work and the screens not work
you must see why I get slightly
concerned like I'm literally sat here
right now editing this video and this is
how I have to wet it Sunday evening
how I would live right and how are guys
to sit down and watch a few YouTube
videos and chill out the last thing on
my book of things to do today is get
some exercise
so instead of spending an hour in the
gym because I don't have much time this
evening I'm just gonna go for half an
hour run three miles around the block
hopefully can do it in 710 a mile 3.2
miles 721 pace it's cold outside I'm
dying this is gonna be absolutely lovely
it's all fresh quick shower or
something's crazy happened today
something strange when I got back from
Nando's earlier with Jordan I came home
for a little bit and this was outside my
house gates and it says to Alex Mars bar
and then there's this thing with tape
around it and I thought - in this video
that we could just open it up and see
what's inside I hope it doesn't blow up
I do get really really really on edge
with this sort of stuff like this could
be anything but it looks like okay okay
okay
as well as some Oreo Dairy Milk a mars
bar and some whispers as a note that
reads hi Alex or Mars bar we just biked
to your house we found it against the
odds so if we seem to be annoying or
irritating you on your privacy we just
really like your blogs and we'd like to
leave you some gifts to say thank you
for making our evenings at six o'clock a
lot better
also the rap on your car looks mad if
you see this please put it on the vlog
guys okay thank you for the gifts thank
you that is awesome however I'm just
trying to get fit I'm rich and I'm gonna
eat this I'm gonna have to give this to
my brother because of the thank you I'm
just gonna stay fat and I want to get
like really fit and this isn't helping
but guys I appreciate the thought thank
you so much I will eat a few of these
I'll give a lot of it to my brother
though and also yes I do attend a lot of
meet and greets and meet you guys and I
ain't know I organize like free meet and
greets for you guys to come and meet me
you know obviously events that you guys
have to pay to get into then meet me a
lot of other youtubers but I try and do
like external ones like I organize
myself at least twice a year which no
other youtuber I've ever seen do by the
way so I do appreciate my privacy at my
property at my house and I especially
will get extra annoyed when if people
come to my new house next year because
I'll be there by myself and that will
that will annoy me but nevertheless guys
I really appreciate this and the kind
message and if you want to come leave me
gifts that's absolutely fine but please
please don't linger around outside my
house number one
the main reason because it annoys my
neighbors and also my family here it
could annoyed them but guys I really
appreciate the gifts thank you so much I
swear though guys unfortunately I'm
going to end my Sunday's your vlog guys
I really really really do hope you have
enjoyed my little Sunday tomorrow Monday
back to work it looks like guys a few
items have arrived from our eBay
shopping spree so I've got those to
unbox tomorrow and install but for now
guys my name's Ben Alex you guys have
been awesome
guys stay awesome keep smiling and I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's daily vlog
click here if you missed yesterday's and
here to subscribe guys ah do
