yo guys check this out how cool is this
computer play gucci gang in bathroom how
cool is ha hey what you got Gucci Gucci
gave which I gave which again just
anguish heading out this morning Marisa
stairs we are going bowling because it's
Maria's sister's birthday and Maria has
been given the job to watch over her
sister while she goes bowling with their
friends
so Maria we're not gonna go bowling it's
just gonna be a load of bowling fun so
that is my plan this Saturday and that
is everything around you that you call
life was made up by people that were no
smarter
you have no idea how cold it is out
there my car said it's three degrees it
does not feel like three degrees
whatsoever you know that cold that you
just feel and you're like this is just
never by this chair never by this chair
he's so bad the one I've got home that
you TMF oh I've got home is absolutely
fine
this one though it's so bad and I know
you probably thinking to yourself Alex
you probably haven't built the chair
right no no no no there's full-on forums
of people complaining about this model
of chair and then it just throws you off
when you pull it in to tuck yourself
under the desk
honestly it's Matt I love GT Omega but
make sure you buy the model that I've
got at home
that one's brilliant no not that one
absolutely mental as well this cost 25
pounds from Ikea
first of all it doesn't tip you off it
on guys how y'all doing my name is of
course Alex and I've talked to you guys
for the next three days next two days
now I'm not gonna be touching an ounce
of work I'm just gonna be having Marie
and I have finished taking Maria's
little sister and her friends bowling
and making sure they're okay I've just
got very off back at home because she
has some work to do and I guys have been
dying to do one thing all week courser
told me that they were gonna send me out
a mouse keyboard a mouse mouse for the
new setup at home which they did we
unboxed it and then we recycled the old
stuff and brought that round here as to
which then the stuff I had here I'm
gonna give away to you guys as like a
little Christmas present sort of thing
but then this showing up and it says
Corsair on it another thing they were
gonna send me anything else so should we
get inside
a mystery box from Corsair let's do this
so guys well of course there st. those
here fish I'd no idea Oh sink no wait a
minute
ah see this is awesome
so guys as far as I can understand I
think this is a headset stand to put
your headset on and it also has a USB
hub built into it as well as a sound
card so you can plug ins of wired
headphones and then this is course as
brand new void Pro RGB and I believe
this is the wireless it's wireless
that's amazing
I have been guys for the longest time a
massive fan of a programming because I
love wireless headset oh thank you guys
this is sick it's gonna go straight on
the ultimate setup at home so then
everything all the peripherals mouse
mouse mouse keyboard headphone stand and
the headset all Corsair it's all RGB
even though mental hey guys Corsair
thank you right that is absolutely
awesome I need to do something though I
hope what I have is long enough
yeah we towards you guys know quite
annoyingly
the LEDs fell down from behind the back
of the TV now I thought I'd put them up
with glue I thought they were up there
thought it was solid but unfortunately
they've fallen down and now I had
thought that taking the TV off the war
would be a two-man job whilst someone
lifts to tell you off the wall someone
would then have to unplug all of the
connection so I held off doing it but as
you can see I've just got to tell you it
off the wall myself I thought surely I'm
not gonna wait for anybody
oh god boys all to myself no Alex I'm
gonna try and give it a go myself but no
missing off football all the cables are
unplugged we can sort this out now
another good thing is I thought I was
gonna have to dig out another LED strip
which was took now another thing is the
thought I was going to dig I thought it
was also gonna have to dig out another
LED strip to put round the TV that's
what I was talking about it might not be
long enough but it looks like what I can
do is move this bit down to here and
then start this strip down and then
it'll allow me to code this strip all
the way down to these so what I thought
was gonna be a two-man job ended up
being a one-man job and I'm not having
to use another set of LEDs time lapse
that looks so much better
three guys all working up in the live
streaming room I'm probably ps4 and I'm
also connected to the old PC with an
elgato ready for live streaming with you
whoever guys need to upgrade the PC but
for the meantime it's doing bits working
fine we're ready to stream up here of
course with a full ring of LEDs round
the TV right there boys and girls
this is it this is the last thing I'm
gonna ever be adding to this desk
the last thing there's a brand new thing
the void Pro rgz and the st 100 both
from Corsair this this is gonna be fun
but before we made these mods to the
desk
so I have this one USB cable running
through from the computer and it goes
into this 4 port USB her full pours -
for the keyboard one for the mouse and
one for the mouse Matt uh-oh we have a
problem but so every problem
alex has the solution a powered USB hub
let's see if this thing actually works
and now for the moment of truth do these
cheap powered USB three hubs work from
eBay well that seems to be working
give these puppies a test but it looks
just who else to say cameras gonna fall
so guys after all the course head gear
is installed and they speak quite as my
brother is asleep I've put my brand new
gaming computer down into the lobby of
the house I'm going to take it round to
my girlfriend's house right now because
her house is absolutely stunning and
beautiful and I'm gonna film a video at
her house about the new PC for the main
channel so I need to be super careful
with this glass computer and take it
round to her house right now and film
this video I need to put it in my car
without breaking it scratching it or
dropping
sweet all sorted main Channel video
filmed at Maria's house it's been
absolutely awesome sat by the fire
honestly makes you so so sleepy the heat
from the fire and the sound both working
together to make you super super tired
whilst I'm trying to sit here and talk
about a computer remember like part
numbers and model numbers and case names
and CPUs and anyway video shot now guys
this has been awesome - as you can see I
am at Maria's house I'm going to spend
the rest of the evening here and get
some much-needed rest I'll see you guys
tomorrow for is Sunday chill love it
with my camera dies midway through
trying to end the vlog but yes guys I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog for a no work
and full-on chill vlog guys I will see
then if you've enjoyed today's one drop
me a lot right thing to make a comment
down below if you missed yesterday's
click here you're not subscribed to
right here as I said I'll see you guys
in tomorrow's block adios
