everybody associates Alex with hard work
dedication and getting the job done well
not for the next three days I'm giving
myself a few days off work not this vlog
though we're still gonna have fun on the
vlog guys welcome welcome to the video
that all you think of money I also think
of
nice
hey I like your not me yes my to you
yeah I wanting you to do me a a price
and the sport exhaust mate
so you guys are gonna have to be proper
oh gee to know who this is right oh gee
you're going to have to be vo jeez the
longest time people watching my youtube
channel
so you know you have a good set of
friends when they get the week off from
work spin Rob's birthday got the week
off from work and it's chosen to come
down here and see means is the second
time he's been to visit the office we've
also got Charles here so Friday
afternoon we are just going to be
chilling in the live streaming room for
the remainder of this afternoon it's
gonna be fun the jugular man so this is
the first time I've come into a game of
the new the new colleges oh hang on we
got little uses his issues working on
saying oh my god
hi boys I will see you soon don't leave
me hanging better yet save trouble spot
guys in a bit
sweet Lane guys my friends and Robert
and Charles all dropped off at the
station just before I got them off there
with Rob took some photos of me Rob as
well as I'm doing my graphics is also
starting to get into photography now
just absolutely awesome for those of you
listening right now go to shop dot Mars
bar dot code at UK and enter your email
address into the email address field you
will then wear my merch goes live in the
next couple of weeks
receive a percent off code you have to
do it right now going register your
interest and you will get a percent off
code when the mote goes live
so guys the desk is looking absolutely
awesome I absolutely love this thing for
one reason because as you guys can see
my keyboard is at a slant here and so
are both of the monitors and I really
like that because it gives me them some
space over here boom box no sick that's
sick
that is sick it's the circle - that is I
asked Logitech to send this out to me
because I've always wanted the circle -
as you guys know I have a lot of problem
with where I live as far as break-ins
and people stealing things is concerned
hence why everywhere I am I have cameras
and this is the logitech circle
- the second iteration of all the
cameras that I currently use the circle
one I'm so buzzing that this has arrived
Jacob all right yeah come here then
right so it's Friday night guys I told
you guys earlier that was give myself a
little bit of a break from work so I've
set aside some time and you have as well
haven't you
right I've said we're gonna spend some
time with each other aren't we that's
what we're gonna do why am i working but
your or is it school ha ha no the real
problem is what are you doing on the
floor
what when you get back from school boys
out the house am i yeah is that what
happens yeah but that's just because my
sleep schedules messed up isn't it what
some think I go to bed every night 3
o'clock in the morning sometimes 4 so
guys but I'm sorry sure Jacob and I
don't really see each other very often
so we've both said to each other Friday
night we're gonna spend a few hours
together playing games and you also said
you wanted to eat pizza did you take of
what PC you get inmate Alex Michael what
would you do if you met jelly did you
know I went on stage with couple Club
jellies best friend right and all about
jelly I want pizza what about pizza sure
sure Domino's oh yeah - mighty Mars is
Jacob you've actually never had one of
you so if you guys want to get a mighty
Mars Domino's pizza it's my custom pizza
that I've made you gone to Domino's
website go to the Pizza legend thing
type in the mighty Mars click enter and
it will put my custom pizza in your
basket how mad is that all right am i
paying for this are you paying for it am
i all right order place bro boom sweet
let's do this was made up by people
there were no smarter
there you go bro this is what you wanted
on a Friday night yeah yeah
finished yeah enjoy it yeah good right
minecraft time yeah I've never played
Minecraft on an Xbox before bro there
you go you show me how it's done no this
is nowhere I can really see today the
live streaming room falling into its
full fruition this is absolutely awesome
look how cozy this looks I honestly
absolutely love it in here absolutely
love it it's so cool LEDs coming around
there I need to fix the LEDs around the
TV enjoy any room yeah but honestly it's
just so peaceful up here it's awesome
and I haven't played Minecraft in
absolutely years look how sharp it is
yeah I've got one there I'm actually got
three but uh YouTube have any sent me
two of them I have just put my brother
to bed this evening I want to dedicate
the last part of this vlog to unboxing
of products it's a product that I stood
by and it's really strange a product I
stood by for about three-quarters of a
year the logy circle now as you guys
know I've had like massive problems with
security around where I live I got like
a video with over 10 million views of me
getting verbal which people to this date
still think that video is fake this was
camera number one it was good ish let's
see if you fixed it with this one and
I'm pretty sure you have and that's why
I'm really excited about it on the box
we've got 1080p apparently this one can
go outside as well 180 degree wide angle
go on to plug sockets it has an awesome
little Hey isn't it it's the best cat in
the world
here's low phase follow Burt in
Instagram right now okay so this looks
like our camera here which whoa that is
absolutely mental look at the design on
the back of that so I'm assuming you
just line up the two lines like that and
then you twist about two-way
communication on it can recognize faces
it can tell you who's there it can push
notifications to your phone's joining
the Wi-Fi now apparently now it's joined
it so I'm pretty sure this thing is now
recording so we can give you guys a Burt
cam you guys can see the quality of that
right now if this thing is actually
recording I'd have no idea autumn calls
automatically I'll put this down here so
you guys can see Burt there you go that
is now the bird cam okay now I
absolutely rate this thing already I can
already tell that it's improved on a lot
of the downfalls at the first logy
circle had so Logitech if you see in
this I'd like to replace every single
circle one camera I have with the circle
too so if you're watching this video
logic test centers a couple more because
I would really appreciate that this is
absolutely awesome
I want these covering every average of
my home
office I've got four of these and I want
them all replaced with number two
because this one is awesome look at that
one it's sick it looks so much better
than the old little ditty circle one
this thing just feels better as well
awesome absolutely wicked
