good morning guys how wheel doing my
name is of course all these guys and
welcome back to another daily blog got
about Thursday feeling today let's do
this
I should have scrap this is absolutely
freezing oh let's try that one again so
doctor just nipped into home base
because I need to get some cable
trunking today we are going to do the
setup in the office right then guys got
some baits in the car here's a few
screws wall plugs and a bit of cable
trunking because we're going to be
removing cables around and I'm not sure
if we're gonna need some to hide some of
the cables which may be visible so now I
can show you this is the plan so for the
longest time and that longest time being
the amount of time I've had that
computer it's always lived under the
desk as you can see this is where all
the cable Matt is and it's quite a lot
of it however I've been using this
computer my office computer up in the
live streaming room until I fix that one
to put up there but it turns out that I
actually need a computer in my office to
get my work and do my email so long
story short I ended up bringing this
computer from up there back down to here
and I thought hmm instead of putting it
under the desk and hiding it away
Barry mind I built this thing myself and
it's kind of beautiful why not move
everything over and have it so that guys
is what I'm going to do and I think it's
gonna look wicked
Oh
is how sick is this looking so far it's
absolutely awesome
we're not finished yet we're actually
far from but this is an awesome looking
setup
I'm actually really diggin having the
computer on the desk now the main reason
as to why I'm actually trying this out
is because I get a lot of queries from
you guys saying Alex you've just got
this brand-new computer bill at home why
do you hide it off in the other room and
Alex you build these computers why do
you just put them on the floor like why
don't you have them higher up or try and
show them off and I totally understand
why people say that people like to show
off their computers I understand however
I have one gripe with computers one big
one if the computer is under the desk
you can't hear the fans and if it's on
the desk you definitely can hear the
fans but unfortunately I can't quite
finish it yet because I need some drill
pieces to fill some holes through the
desk for this speaker and the keyboard
and mouse cables but as it stands now I
haven't used Elliot Crawford hey bud
what's going on bro
after I've nipped home I need to go all
the way home because I forgot my drill
bit let's see if I can do this if I can
do this I'm an absolute genius ready
hopefully that worked guys I think this
is going to look absolutely sweet I'm
doing the keyboard here on a slant and
this marks the first fall of the 2,000
pound lens oak right why is it not
focusing guys I think we are finished I
think everything is plugged in no cables
it's still messy under there I don't
even saw all of that out but you guys
keep your eyes on up here this is
looking awesome are you guys ready yes
that's sick and it's just so clean as
well hardly any cables behind the
computer literally guys give me two
seconds there we go guys so much
welcome guys to Mars bars desk in his
office version - that is wicked
there we go guys Oh back from the old so
wait a minute um that's better isn't it
all bad from their hobbies now guys that
set up in the office come on hands up it
looks sick doesn't it having that
computer on the desk I should have
thought of that to start with like two
years ago
I'm sorry looks cool now though so if
you didn't watch yesterday's vlog go
ahead and watch it before I talk about
this next fix it's not gonna make sense
as you guys know yesterday I went to
Ikea and I bought some of these lights
and we bought two of them for the office
for the set the new set that we're
building so I thought you know what I
spent 200 I may as well spend 300 and
get one more for my room and as you guys
know how to fix softbox in here I've now
taken that out who's taking of a load of
room it's horrible to look I didn't like
that thing I bought like a long thin one
for the bedroom and they're really cool
they just sort of look like that and
they light things up and I think they
were awesome right then look at this
thing right how cool is this this bar
thing tap it hard it's cool in it right
guys I'm gonna keep this thing propped
up just over there hopefully it gives me
just about enough light to do these
videos you guys let me know where I
should actually mount this thing or even
if I should mount it you think it's a
bit ugly or what right I've got a
mission I need to do something I've
wanted to do for absolutely ages and to
do it I need the help of assistant
assistant Luke
right then I'm gonna have to leave it up
to you guys to decide what we're doing
with the car what do you think Luke and
I took the seat out for the setup in the
office looks awesome and then I've got
this setup here but this is my clean
setup this is the clean be setup and
then we've got the full ROG setup the
editing desk in the office and then
we've got my set which is now my PC on
desk set and then we've got the live
streaming room which is technically my
lounge so guys with that being said I'm
gonna control this awesome light with
this little thing and also end today's
vlog here I really hope you guys have
enjoyed it and if you have mush it with
a like rating guys I'd really really
really apprec-- and if you know around
here and you like tech be sure to
subscribe because that was just an
average vlog for us really we messed
about with the setup and unbox the lamp
like that was really average but
hopefully you guys enjoyed it and I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's daily vlog if
you missed yesterday's one click here
and if you're not subscribed guys click
right here and I'll see you guys as
usual in tomorrow
