this is absolutely mental
Josua one thing that really annoys me
about living where I live in England the
one thing that really annoys me you see
this little square right here this is
called the window let's in natural light
of which that's the thing that annoys me
there's not much of it near Christmas
time and that really frustrates me it's
chemically proven in our bodies that Sun
releases something called serotonin and
serotonin physically makes people
happier being out in the Sun is proven
to make you healthier not just
emotionally but physically as well it
promotes healthier attitude towards diet
and exercise which gives you at the
doses of vitamin D which can be hard to
get from food alone a bottle of water is
insane Alex you've stepped up the gin
game in the running game and that's the
reason why I'm replacing the Sun with
more exercise therefore of you guys
telling me that you're just not happy
and this is why well it's one of the
reasons why everybody gets a little bit
happier this time of year it's just
because of the weather
trust me know if you're already stopped
that thing in yourself Alex I know it's
not the weather there's something else
in my life that's really annoying me I
have a few little explanations that I
could probably give to you guys give it
up of an insight into some stuff so if
you're feeling like that and you want me
to do a video on it or a little segment
of something in the future let me know
and I'll try and cheer you guys up a
little bit with some techniques I lay
upon myself to make sure that I you know
I'm always positive and carry on smiling
and I'm always up doing things and I
never feel like oh I don't want to do
this how y'all doing my name is
of course I like some welcome back to
another daily blog I hope all of you
guys are okay you're out there you're
smashing it you achieving your dreams
I've got a full packed day today I've
got a lot on jets coming a little bit
later we're gonna go to Ikea it's gonna
be a good time of course you watching
tomorrow vlog so sit back relax pause it
1080p it no 4k this thing in 4k man look
at that quality I understand a little
things have a little think about a few
things model change few things around
but for the past two weeks this has been
up there in the live streaming room now
I actually want to bring this from down
there and put it up on the desk and I
think I actually have enough room to do
this it is gonna mean moving the
monitors and everything unfortunately I
dropped my drill or any tools to do this
I've come to the office this afternoon
to get some work done
but later on Jed and I come into the
office to sort the whole thing and trust
me we're gonna have a lot of fun doing
it this is our creative space and it's
been getting boring recently we need to
spruce this thing up late you just got
home and can you see what I was talking
about earlier I've been home for about
half an hour now and it's pitch black
outside so it's Tempest for I'm
currently waiting for Jed to come round
speak of the devil apparently is two
minutes away and Corley won't if you
just come round so it can both get in my
car the camo mobile and we can get off
to Ikea this is gonna be fun I honestly
love going to I kids like another world
in hoping they're praying for sunshine a
plane they don't work out there's a
cruising looking their brothers it's
nicer do you like it get in boy
if this is our living room so far okay
let's see oh good I'm glad Stephen
Colletti I feel like a live streaming
this is the sofa that we have in the
live streaming room this is mental
please that's come down and price has
gone up sick look smaller in here doing
it massive in that room in it no one
here
there's no Jedi are in Ikea we're caught
looking for what we came for lights but
we're actually gonna redo the whole desk
for the tech flow videos so we're gonna
get some legs and a tabletop and it's
backless chair something like that this
is cool
like what's he doing now so I picked up
some random miscellaneous items that I
just need that you come to our kid to
get however now we're in the light bit
what we needed was in stock and their
big LED panel color-changing wireless
life how does that not sound cool that's
wicked has this wireless control pod
here like this is Wireless not sure if
this is going to work or not
there you go right so that's Wireless
you can turn it up and down the
brightness super-bright make it warmer
that's what we want
sick well I wonder how far away the
remotes gonna work let's go over here
nobody our office is not that big the
office isn't that big daddies are
definitely gonna work this is what every
videographer needs or photographer these
are wicked right there judging with the
runner I'll give you the code 25 second
25 second gate
35 seconds okay
day is my big day I'm gonna shoot now
mate
oh it's gonna be a quick maneuver three
right we've got a drive like that first
to get my stamina to do that though I
need some food
Nando's I just pray is open that's
praise open so when you come to Nando's
as judge just said it's no ketchup just
sauce raw sauce you know I still don't
know how I've got all this stuff in the
car bro yeah you can drive this is
absolutely mental a car even reach my
seatbelt
so Jen and I have been doing this in the
office this evening we hadn't done those
winter IKEA got a load of bits come back
we're still assembling things now been a
really productive last two hours doing
all of this so before as you guys saw
everybody was having a go at me saying
Alex why have you not plastered this bit
of the wall what what are you doing and
why is it loads of stuff here it's
ruining the the room and I totally agree
the plan was not for this corner of the
room just to be like a storage area so
as you can see now we've actually got a
rug in here so as a rug you can walk
through here straight over to the live
streaming room bit which is a bit dirty
now we need to clean this up you know
how guys our table for doing tech flow
stuff and a nice little stool so you
have the main office down there which is
got loads of projects going on and then
up here we have Jed there and the desk
was making some noise so Jed has
butchered up an old mouse mat and glued
them to the bottom so now it's not
making any we're gonna put this little
IKEA lamp on this table we're gonna get
an awesome tech flow LED bulb thing
written up here haven't finished 100%
yet Jed what's it time for
that's gotta be it now yeah oh they're
so cool mei-mei that fly so well so
there's wireless control it really I
mean make such a difference is actually
fine fine there let me down there okay
I met your super height is it really
good the levels right there's a shadow
in the background but yes and then wait
a minute you can do that you can do the
you can make it cooler oh it's so good
Oh warmer make it look sick
successful David yeah it's been good
it's been good it's been really really
productive I can't wait to see what we
do at the set next week it's gonna be
good
no guys Jed has gone really productive
evening with him in the office getting
things ready getting this place set out
to do it that's better
look at this you can even change the
color temperature with these look you
click that way and now I'm really warm
you click that way
and now it goes really cool it's really
cool and I bought two of these things
there were 100 pounds each a hundred
British pounds I'll drop the link in the
description because I think every
content creator needs these it has this
little wireless remote thing which are
demonstrated in the shop and I've
actually the same remote to the to light
so now you do that and it turns off both
of them you do that it turns both of
them on you do that it changes the color
temperature turn them off it's really
really cool
I'm selling Nikias product form here but
this I think these are absolutely
groundbreaking for people that work with
video or photo and I know that that's a
lot of you guys as usual guys I love you
all so so so so much and if you are here
at this point of the vlog be sure to
smash that like button and click
Subscribe if you're not already and I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's daily vlog if
you wish yesterday's awesome one click
there if you're not subscribed click
right here
as usual guys I'll see you in tomorrow's
adios
