so I'm starting today's video in
Nottingham for a reason that I'm
actually gonna go see my granddad
because he's in hospital but before then
I've come to my mum's house and I've
been here in ages as well as the spider
cats and all of these heads that are on
the walls and the amazing fish tank with
all the schools in and the schools
absolutely everywhere and all of these
absolutely mental things your mental by
the way okay so this is the next thing
did you not know they were gonna be this
big their mental the literally it's
taller than me that is crazy and then
you guys are skinned about the schools
in my room yeah my mom's the person that
sources those so she loves things well
that being said I need to go and see my
granddad in hospital as well
you don't understand how heartbreaking
it is until this happens to you
my granddad has been in the hospital for
quite some time now due to mental
illness and I've been seeing a couple of
times sometimes he doesn't even know who
I am but I went to see him this morning
and he came in you knew my name was Alex
and you knew who I was and we had a good
chat and it was really nice to see him
getting a little bit better oh wow every
time I walk out of the bathroom I just
see the brand-new PC look it is just so
it just catches your eye a suit ice so
good I absolutely love that thing so
guys I've done a little bit of client
work this morning finished off a little
bit of editing and sent that project to
my client so I was a lot of you know
recently the quality of the vlogs has
just been absolutely incredible told you
guys I was getting a new lens but I
never really touched on what one taught
you guys it was super super expensive
the lens that you guys are currently
looking at is the 16 to 35 millimeter
which is a fairly standard lens for this
is the 2.8 GM gold master Varian not
sure if it stands for gold master this
sounds cool though so what I mean is
when I'm this close to the camera the
whole background is blurred out got some
Yeezy car air fresheners I think these
things are really really cool
Parcells I haven't ordered anything so
guys of course hair didn't spoil is
enough last week I have no idea what
they're doing this week with this box
and is this from corset - what mouse bar
that's all it says bars bar well okay
guys how about I'd be that really
annoying youtuber and not open the
mysterious package and the corset
package and put this to one side for a
second and open yeah I've got a strange
package from Amazon let's see what's in
here one of my all-time favorite things
guys is just opening parcels I don't
know what it is about it I just
absolutely love it
that's sick I've always wanted one of
these
who sent this to me I'm a bore anchor
okay so guys believe me or not I am a
little bit of a clumsy driver a young
boy in a fast car obviously I'm gonna
drive it fast probably somewhere in my
brain where I think it's safe to do so
but it probably really isn't what I'm
saying is I'm probably hopefully not but
going to crashes some point in my life
so having a dashcam will capture that
crash and hopefully it doesn't injure
anybody and then it'll Elise they'll
capture on video but then at least if
someone is looking at my camo wrapped
car and crashes into me I've also got it
on video this thing records in 2k sick
that almost killed me should have had
the dashcam rolling man massive box from
Corsair over there however I don't open
that today I don't even open it I'm
joking well open will open this one I
feel like it's Christmas today so I'm
gonna open two parcels I'm feeling extra
spicy no and I do think I have a little
bit of an idea as to what this is am I
going to be right am I gonna be right am
I going to be right no I'm totally wrong
I'm totally wrong totally wrong I
haven't ordered an ultimate is mega
blaster portable Wi-Fi speaker with
bluetooth with Amazon it's parmesan
elixir this thing is massive heavy as
well you could kill someone with this
thing mega blast wraps for me my name is
Alexa and I'm here to say I'm the
baddest AI in the cloud today
okay anchor thank you for the dashcam
this this is sick and ultimately is
thank you for the mega blast if I
remember guys I'll put these link in the
description right all bag home now I
need to do something who's not my sock
as usual with everything I try and do it
just take us so long and I really want
to get cracking with the ultimate live
streaming room and I'll need to get a PC
to get this all all sorted out however
it's taking so long to get one so what
I'm gonna do is take this one my old PC
round to the office I think I've copied
over all of my personal files from this
bad boy on to mine now so we can take
you out of the office maybe upgrade it
and then use it in the live streaming
group
right pcs all loaded up into the car
this is customer service at its best one
of my clients who buys internet from me
has texted me asking if they know where
they can buy an Ethernet cable and I
said don't worry I have one
do you guys think we can upgrade this
computer I've got I 770 700 K here and
then a Kingston
this is actually an nvme drop it with an
adapter so you don't have to have an
nvme compatible motherboard and then a
1080 TI and then we can use this as our
streaming computer and then I forget
another computer from a different
company wants to sponsor one I can give
this one away to you guys
oh one more thing link me to your most
favorite PC case ever let's make this
thing look awesome I'm talking are G B
and also speaking of asking you guys for
advice where the heck can I put this
from a drawing in the live streaming
room because all the walls well they all
slam so I could put it that's actually
pretty sweet
okay guys new Corsa gear working of
course I get at the office new computer
install aren't you a gorgeous-looking
thing right guys I'm gonna go head on
end today's a video here I really do
hope you have enjoyed it I've super
really enjoyed this day it's been like
Christmas as usual guys nowadays you
don't know is the viewer whether
anything was sponsored or not because
youtubers are so transparent it's on
Rover guys nothing more sponsored in
this video I promise I swear on my life
I always let you guys know we're not
being said because I'm a nice guy who
want to say a massive thank you to
Logitech and Hank of sending out of
those things today appreciate it guys
they were wicked I'll do reviews on both
of them soon on my tech Channel -
cameras curling my car without being
said guys I'll see you in tomorrow's
daily vlog if you miss yesterday's well
and click right here and if you're new
to this little space click right here
I'll do these videos every single day
about my little wacky life and I'll see
you guys in tomorrow's one let's do it
adios guys
