any second now they've got over coming
around the corner optimism optimism is
something everyone needs and it's
something that a lot of people lack
sometimes even including me now being
optimistic means that you're hopeful and
confident about the future however I
believe in what's called the level line
and that is that everybody has this
neutral line that if something good
happens you will go above the line but
then something bad will happen to bring
you back down to the line and if
something bad happens something good
will happen to bring you back up to the
line and you will always stay on your
line
we've got a new insane vlogging rig
we've got our brand new custom computer
and we've got an absolutely sick rap on
I'm not a mystic hopefully nothing bad
is gonna happen soon drone time
so manger Grande the shops again to look
for random colorful items as my
girlfriend has told me because she's a
university student being taught a
creative project which isn't in my
beliefs at all you look so happy if
you're doing something creative like
photography which my girlfriend's doing
or anything video or production wise its
creative you can't teach that
take a photo of that this bash are you
done yet hey guys we have a slight
slight bit of a problem just got back
from the shops with marina that's not
the problem though
so obviously amongst all of the amazing
stuff that's happened recently this
thing the new computer kicked it off
it's here in all its glory and it's
working and everything but as you can
see this is just a mat and the reason
why it's now a mess I had tied it all of
this up and made it look awesome is
because I forgot to put in the little
button that a fan made me to turn on the
computer that just sits behind the
keyboard I'm now going and piped that
into the motherboard I have cleaned the
glass on the front so on the camera it
looks like there's not even glass there
yeah there's glass well guys there we go
I can safely say that that is that all
sorted look how clean that is I still
haven't even had time to put on my
programs on here but it's awesome
doesn't feature my videos Oh none of my
family do really except my grandma
because she's hilarious
and my brother anyway I did a video a
while ago where I said in the title of
the video that I was buying my dad a
Porsche and factually that is correct
back then I knew that I wanted to buy a
house buy a house you have to get what's
called a credit rating or a credit score
and the way you get one of those is by
doing things like paying something off
like paying on a phone contract or a car
financing a car so I'm financing my
dad's car that is the only reason I'm
financially dad's car for him is so I
can get a credit rating what I've done
though is as you guys know my dad isn't
home very often he's always about doing
I don't know where he's been he's been
somewhere with his wife and my brother
Jacob but what I've done is I parked my
car right next to his and looking on the
map guys they're gonna be home very very
shortly
go ahead and do is plant this GoPro
outside my car hopefully they'll be
outside looking at the car and go mental
over it I'll be sat inside and I'll turn
the car on and they'll be like what I'm
gonna put this seat really far back this
is brilliant
I feel like a kid again I love them
tracking them down on the map and
everything I've got I'll be here in just
a second
right the gates are opening the gates
for every gates are opening get in
position foot on the brake into position
your boy Mars is in position right oh my
god are these ready hurts it's down this
was so long Oh God
they're coming down the driveway they're
coming down the driveway Oh God Oh God
so just got to the office Luke's here
assistant Lu he's about to see the car
for the first time what do you think
just and then it just it doesn't come
across that good on the video right
amazing on the video but it's even more
mental like in person it's just just
it's just you're gonna get noticed this
you drive around with you guys just
figured out something really cool
there's gonna be a giveaway involved in
today's video not only percent sure how
you guys are gonna enter to win because
I haven't figured that what I realized
is a bore this m65 Mouse round and this
old Corsair rapid-fire keyboard which
I'd cleaned up because I want to use his
rapid-fire keyboard here in the office
and replaces rep√∫blica game as one and
it's notice that I already have an m60
five at the office so amazed what to try
and give this one away to you guys I've
used it at my home setup for the past so
ever how long so by the end of this
video I will have told you guys how to
enter some sort of giveaway to win that
things and stay tuned right Q&A time
actually hold up whoa before I do the
Q&A a Q&A can only be done on a full
stomach
that was exactly what I needed I
absolutely love Nando's it's amazing
so guys it's time to mix it up again as
you know we'd like to do a Q&A Sunday
honor this vlog channel vlogs every
single day last week I didn't do q and
A's I did you guys say I just did what
you guys want me to do and that was
really fun
this time Q&A put snapchat let's get you
guys involved motivation tips well also
tell you guys every single day in most
of the vlogs as of recent anyway I've
just been telling myself to make sure
I'm doing what makes me happy regardless
of what anybody else thinks regardless
of what my family think regardless of
what people in the comment section or on
Twitter to think I'm gonna do what makes
me happy and I think that is the key to
it all any animal a monkey because I
look like one said he snubbed his leg
that's horrible
okay yes buddy
I have broken two fingers and one
knuckle in a fist fight I have broken my
collarbone and chest bone playing squash
by running into a wall I have broken my
leg by riding a bike across the road
when I was a lot younger and not looking
which way the cars were coming boy
straight out into the road and a car
knocked me off the bike the car that
they were speeding by the way so they
got done for that and no exaggeration do
you want to know the worst thing ever
and I still don't let up on myself and I
feel absolutely awful for for not taking
my own advice you guys have seen me ride
the booster board I don't put a helmet
on
so I actually still have the helmet that
I was wearing somewhere it's in the loft
somewhere in a box but I got knocked off
the bike and my helmet my whole head hit
the curb right if I didn't have the
helmet on and my head hit the curb in
the same place it would have just killed
me instantly on impact my head would
have been in two pieces cracked open I
would have died a copy Mars Batman when
I did have a helmet on because it saved
my freakin life my name's Dan and living
where'd you see yourself in 10 years you
really really interest with our video to
really inspire I just hope I'm happy I
hope I'm still doing something that I
really enjoy and I hope it still
involves cameras I hope I'm still doing
what I do now because I wake up every
single morning picking up a camera with
a massive massive smile on my face and
yeah I want to do what I do now well
somewhat on the internet preferably
still with you guys
hopefully yo guys also let me know if
you want me to livestream soon because
as we know the live stream room is set
open it all kind of works like yeah
series isn't finished yet but as always
let me know in the comments if you'd
want me to do a few little streams here
and there just started about on maybe on
the Xbox one
playing some call of duty because it
finally works now I think we just made
it home this evening I'm going on to the
wives tonight where it is my girlfriend
because well she's going back to
university tomorrow until Christmas so
that's why three two one University
project yes we think guys I'm gonna end
today's episode of The Sunday chill vlog
here if you want me to do you guys is
let me know if you want me to do the owl
react to your comments or actually do a
Twitter Q&A or do a snapchat Q&A or
actually well reacting to your comments
like make the video around what you guys
tell me to do then let me know down in
the comment but for now guys I will see
you in tomorrow's video one day tomorrow
brand new week to start tomorrow let's
make it awesome better than last week
but that being said guys I will see you
in tomorrow's daily vlog stay awesome
guys keep smiling click here to watch
yesterday's vlog here to subscribe adhi
