yes that's awesome what you just pour in
the jugular man whoa we've got a serious
problem on our toothpaste it's never
ever good running out of toothpaste
cigar some girls don't watch these
videos what always you understand and
take away from this next minute of the
vlog is that hygiene is very very
important
a lot of people say hygiene is brilliant
because all the people that you meet you
know you heater you smell nice sheets
have clean tea it's all for other people
and I totally disagree I like to I'd
like to do my hair I like to wear
clothes that I like I like to make sure
my teeth are brushed and I look after
myself I like to do that for me but for
me guys more so with my job I think my
hygiene is is fairly important because
well obviously I meet a lot of you guys
out and about sometimes I actually meet
a lot of you at once we cease to be guys
purple into my next talking point yes
guys finally I am announced for insomnia
so I'll be attending insomnia 60
whatever it is the next insomnia along
with syndicate and I will be attending
guys unfortunately but also fortunately
on the Saturday only so guys I will be
at insomnia let me get the date I will
be guys at insomnia on Saturday the 31st
of March wait a minute the team has just
emailed me and I also have a
meet-and-greet for an hour it's well
here it says 2:45 to 3:45 guys it will
be super awesome if all of you guys were
to go ahead and wear the merch as well
so if you haven't bought yourself some
merch go ahead click the link in the
description by one guys who turn up to
insomnia and meet me there guys I can't
wait to see you
Royce you guys have knitted into the
office today to get one thing and one
thing only and that is this monitor
these guys is a gaming monitor from LG
and we are going to need this for our
project a little bit later this evening
this is a computer I built ages ago off
camera I just built it as a little bit
of a project I don't know why I built it
I built it because I just wanted to
build a small computer what I'm trying
to say is this will be perfect for our
project this evening but first quick gym
sash
swingers gym all finished I have got
some of Joe well as merch on right now
because my mic at top my merch is in the
washing machine because I wear it that
much and I thought no and it's take it
off and need to wash it but now guys
errands run this morning I've had a
little gym session now guys I need to
wait for an assistant Luke to come
around because we need to finish off my
server rack in the loft before I go
ahead and talk to you guys about my
potential plans about the room in the
loft and what we can do with it so while
I'm waiting for you to write guys I
thought I'd take a few little questions
that you guys will sent me on Twitter
and answer them hey Alex is what you're
doing in the loft going to be a main
Channel series or not keep up the great
work my friend okay guys know what we're
doing in the loft is not gonna be a main
channel thing whatsoever this is just
something that I'm doing just does a
little thing in these vlogs hey
Alexander you've got the new LS 50
wireless speakers from keV on your desk
I saw you bought a new subwoofer for
them what is it yes guys I did get a new
sub woofer and I also bought a brand new
cable to run to it from the speakers so
I need to do that
so guys as you can see these are the LS
50 Wireless a--'s that we now have here
and yes I got a subwoofer to match them
a nice small little white glow subwoofer
now this is a subwoofer from a company
called rel R L and this is their
smallest little sub woofer they do to do
this in three different sizes and this
is just a little baby one because the
matter of the fact is these speakers are
actually really good they don't need a
load of extra bass but all that does is
take care of them they're really really
low end and it's very very small but it
does a very good job of it now guys it's
time to wait for Luke to arrive and as
soon as he does we need to finish off
the rack
by mental turn the lights off look at
that nothing like celebrating
when greatness has been achieved and you
know awesome episode in the loft guys
every once in a while it's really good
to be like proud of yourself and notice
your achievements it's like a really
good quality to be able to notice what
you've done well and be able to
replicate that in the future knowing
what is good and knowing what is bad and
knowing how to change that is a it's a
really good it's a really good thing to
be able to notice and this is what I've
noticed this evening yeah right there
that piece of chipboard was my last
internet thing all the cables ran here
and I had little things everywhere and
this was what as stupid as it looks
ran my entire network this was what
owned me money this was how I sold
Internet to people all the kit went on
here and I drilled this bit of chipboard
or pin the laughs like that and it was
just over there and I drew bigger and I
grew bigger and I grew bigger and we've
upgraded to this and this has taken Luke
and I and I'm really fortunate to have
good friends to help me with all of this
stuff this has taken Luke and I two
weeks to put together and this is now
the network and it is just the most
incredible thing I think I've ever built
on a just how messy they should be but
how incredible it actually looks
standpoint this is just a load of cables
it's really boring but it looks so so so
cool guys I'm so so proud of myself this
is sick
so guys let me know and if you want I'll
do a whole dedicated tool if you drop a
lot rating and let me know in the
comments I'll do a whole dedicate tour
on my tech channel tech flow about what
goes on inside of here oh and also I
also did a video on tech flow a couple
of days ago which I think you guys would
be really interested in quick sidenote
it's about how to send Wi-Fi like how I
send the Wi-Fi on with the aerials on my
roof like ten miles from my house to my
clients houses so go check that out let
me know if you want guys a tour of this
but wow it's sick it's time to bring up
some gear oh my god these ultra lights
they hardly fit through the loft hatch
that is gonna be the big problem with
this now guys this is what I was
thinking so the room is fairly big as
you can see just by me standing in it
like right here this is what I was
thinking of doing what we could do is
have two pieces of wood one here and one
here that are actually on hinges and
they will swing out so they'll be like a
table and then they can connect in the
middle and then we can have like some
sort of leg system to put in the middle
so then we literally have a table here
and the reason I do it on hinges is so
that whenever I want to access the
server rack or put all of it away I
easily can do but for the most part it
would stay erect it like it would stay
up and then what we do is we'd have to
authorize that one and another one have
the both back to back on here and then
have two little gaming PC's mini one
like the one I showed you earlier right
next to the monitors and then a keyboard
a mouse and it can be like a little loft
secret hidden away land session with a
couple of headsets discord server a few
new friends want to come and have a
blast on pub G or fortnight or any game
and you want to play together you just
come up here and it's all there and guys
that is my plan what do you think I'd
love to hear your comments in the
comment section
do you think guys it's about 11 o'clock
right now in the Mars bar household have
all you guys doing alright you've
enjoyed today's vlog but guys what we've
done to this house is absolutely awesome
all the way from the Aleksei controlled
garden lighting system what we've done
in the loft to this room in all of its
entirety do you think guys I mean do
think you've enjoyed today's daily vlog
guys I'm doing my best to bring you on
my mission my daily mission to get up
and grind every single day to do better
things and be a better person maybe you
guys really enjoying the content and
gain something from it and a few are
guys that like rating would be awesome
and if you're not that button will do
too and let me know why in the comment
section down below
but for now guys if you haven't bought
any of my merch I'd really appreciate it
the link is down there some really cool
designs up or stuff by the way that I've
made myself and guys as usual I will see
you in tomorrow's day vlog guys adios
