come on in guys how are you all doing
this was my hotel busted in last night
how mental is this it's like a really
old Victorian building the reason I
stayed at that hotel last night you
prefer dings yourself is well as I told
you guys I've got the car trapped we saw
about yesterday and if you missed it you
really check out yesterday's vlog it was
one of the best days of my entire year
so far going to see your car wrapped and
fully changed is like just as good as
going to pick up a brand new car anyway
that was yesterday's vlog go watch that
if you missed it but the reason I'm
staying in London tonight or stayed in
London last night in this really fancy
hotel is but I'm doing a meet and greet
today with a couple of other youtubers
that is free to attend anybody can come
down if you're in the area and it's
simply just to me
masters parked outside much protect my
cars in here I'm still gonna see it and
just be like hi so good idea
Dazzler area so you guys are armed it
match protects again this morning and
seen the car for the second time and
it's just as good as it was yesterday
obviously this thing looks just
incredible got the key there there we go
thank you so much man this is absolutely
awesome you can just see this is because
I've got to get to this meeting rather
go and Bob our main push again it's
absolutely mental t G's in there in his
Lumbo he's just about to come out the
guard with it for the first first time
yo people say hey
Jack misses will emerge jacket
this is incredible
just that they make disinfection
ridiculous actually ridiculous their
company the points it's just stupid
honestly on so many people just they're
crazy so I'm just gonna get it and
probably being on the next round about
you doing a full video they obviously
out here I am yet I'm filming as well so
if you guys want to go and see first
time what it's like to receive a Lambo
how you feeling crazy like we did
days all days to me
so guys I have literally just driven
back to Darren's house from the meetup
this morning it was absolutely mental
seeing my other YouTube friends get
Lamborghinis and then everybody said
looking at my car as well it was
absolutely awesome absolutely hundreds
of you and now I'm gonna go sit down for
a bit inside and then I'm gonna jet back
home before I do that literally just
around the corner from Darren's house
that is the biggest house in the world
with the biggest ever in the UK
Christmas tree decoration light thing so
I'm just going to go and see that
because that's kind of like a one in the
lifetime opportunity to go and see the
best Christmas lit up house
any of this guy's finally home after a
three-hour drive back from London and
I've got this with me a phone gave me
this and his name was his name's Hannah
he's wrote it on the back right here and
he got me this photo to hang in the live
streaming room so this is awesome I love
receiving presents from from you guys
this is this is just incredible so we're
gonna have to try and hang this
somewhere in the live streaming room but
for now I don't have any of my tools at
the office so it's just gonna stay there
and then tomorrow we can come into the
office and sort that out but guys the
car is amazing I haven't had time this
whole weekend to stop and just chat to
you guys about it I love it so much the
thing is I know it's an extravagant
design and again with most things it
looks different on video so what do you
guys see it might not look like that in
real life it might look even better on
video or it might look worse the only
person I've come across so far that
doesn't like it is my grandma she
literally hates it she was like that is
absolutely awful so are you on Team
grandma or are you on Team the rest of
the world regardless guys I absolutely
love it you can see it out there in the
carpark it's mad and also the joy meets
up with tge today was absolutely awesome
it wasn't really a meet up it was just
more of a a thing we invited all of you
guys down to the Lamborghini garage you
come down as well as CEOs you could sit
in other Lamborghinis and just have a
chill there was no like it wasn't
organized or any who's there wasn't no
like queues to cover meters me I was
just sort of wandering around doing my
own thing doing a bit vlog in doing a
bit of looking at cars and people coming
up to me and saying hey and giving me
presents into itself is it was really
really really fun to see so many people
turn up to something that was just meant
to be tiny I mean honestly
we shut the place down like you if you
went into the Lamborghini go as you
physically couldn't move there was that
many people that place was definitely
over capacity and that is the one thing
I love about this YouTube channel that
we have here the especially the vlogging
one because I feel like I have I have
searched like a deep connection with you
guys something that I don't think a lot
of other youtubers could say that they
have with their audience and I really
care about every single one of you and I
wanted these meet and greets and and
almost you giveaways and I'm always
making sure you guys are right and say
anything if you're not ok you can always
chat to me and
to give you guys my life advice as I go
to life and make mistakes I tried to
tell you guys the mistakes I've made
through this blog and and then sometimes
I do things wrong and you guys crack me
down in the comments section and or on
Twitter nobody's perfect guys you just
have to remember that but one thing I've
come to the realization of in the last
couple of weeks is that no matter what
you're doing and this is you personally
amazing individual or you as an
individual watching this or you guys as
long as you're enjoying yourself as long
as you are enjoying yourself doesn't
matter what other people are doing as
long as you're enjoying yourself Wow so
I'm coming back for you trust me
Parcells am i open you tomorrow too but
for now I'm going to pick up a quarry
it's home it's literally on a driveway
look at it oh my god I'm literally I'm
like it's like Christmas every day
waking up to this is like Christmas it's
mental and so's the food in the boot I'm
really hungry so guys I have literally
just got home but a quick shower works
have been in the car for about three
hours you know that house I went to the
Christmas house well they were actually
people were walking around with buckets
there and I asked for the book it's
before and it was for a charity all of
the money that they were collecting is
going to charity now I'm gonna put a
link in the description and if you guys
can see on my phone but there's two boys
right there one of them is 18 months old
and one of them is four they're both
brothers and they've both been diagnosed
with cancer
now cancers hit my family really really
hard this is something I am really
really close to so I'm gonna go ahead
and donate some money to this charities
down there in the description and
anything guys if you guys want to donate
anything even a quid or 50p go down
there I'm sure they would HIGHLY
appreciate it it's just nice to give
back to those in need
imagine if you were a mum and a dad or a
father and a mother
and your two children your two children
had been diagnosed with cancer it would
ruin your life
ruin it unfortunately the problem with
all of this is no one has ever said life
was fair
and some people get it so much no harder
than others so much harder it's really
breaks my heart so guys the links down
there I'm gonna try and end this video
on a positive note however the car guys
well I think a suit of a lot of other
people that is absolutely awesome and
obviously there's gonna be people out
there that think alex is absolutely
horrible I understand that that's your
opinion that's cool I respect that
that's awesome man
cool bridge let you know guys I
absolutely love it I think it's
absolutely amazing and I will end up
getting tired of it soon and getting it
stripped back to how it was but just for
now it's cool to drive around in that
car literally have people on the way
back from London leaning out their car
to take a photo of it it's mad honestly
it's my people like drive and pass give
me thumbs up it was mental my name's Ben
I like you guys have been awesome guys
stay loose and keep smiling it was
awesome to meet you all today at the
meet and greet and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog hey you're all
okay
