oh my god
cooling guys how he doing my name is of
course Alex and today I have an
absolutely cracking smashing incredible
amazing just the best vlog you're ever
gonna see in your life because I'm gonna
be so so excited today so guys if you
are a little bit unaware as to what has
happened in the last week and it's why
I'm so excited today and why you guys
are gonna see me so excited today and
why you guys should be excited today to
kick this off with the small reasons
first number one I'm still absolutely
buzzing that I own this computer this is
mental if you guys like computers and
didn't watch yesterday's vlog this is my
brand-new computer that are most version
two and it's all custom made with all of
my logos on it in everything so if you
guys want to see more about this
computer check out the yesterday's vlog
hi guys to start this week I took my car
down to London and I've had a courtesy
car all week and I told you guys what
I'm getting into the car is that I
extravagantly if any of you were to
guess what I was having them to the car
I would PayPal you five hundred pounds
just because what I'm getting done to
the car is that mental to is about being
said guys I need to say bye-bye to a MOS
version to and I need to pack my bags
I'm gonna need my man for to buy some
headphones extra batteries toiletries
and some spare clothes now I'm not going
down to London for very long only for a
couple of days everything else what
we're doing is picking up your car why
not just going down for a day well you
guys remember there's the meet and greet
on the Saturday so I'm picking up my car
today and then tomorrow I'm actually
going down to the Lamborghini garage for
an organised meet-and-greet to meet you
guys which is really cool by the way
it's got a frisbee tracks up on the road
moving that conflicts
rats crispy Odell Whitney do return
polls polls
what's your opinions on this new
vlogging rig is the quality just
incredible or not I spent a lot of money
on this lens and a lot of money on that
microphone and that's not me bragging or
anything that's me saying look I've
spent a lot of money on it you need to
let me know if it's worth it because it
was not I'll take it back because it
literally ruined my bank account this
lens is also very heavy this whole thing
is very very very very heavy I have to
take it with me everywhere but if this
gives me the title of Dee Krispies vlogs
on YouTube
I'll keep it just let me know down there
in the comments so guys there we are I
have arrived in to London now I need to
get on a few tubes and a few trains to
get to where I need to go I get to see
my car today this is getting so surreal
okay guys so I finally arrived into
London I need to meet up with Darren and
I think is just across the road quick
meeting in London I'm now back at
Darren's house just taking my coat off
gonna have a quick drink and then I put
some LEDs with me to pimp up his setup
so let's go and do that right you guys
know Darren he's in a few of the videos
he's partner Q team we do a few bits
together whenever I'm down in London I
usually see down at some point as you
can see this is his setup now what I've
done is on these four monitors here I've
put the work card anywhere wallpaper and
stretched it out and download the
software two stretches wallpaper out so
that looks absolutely sweet but hold on
there's one thing that doesn't look
sweet oh god of course Mars bars here
with a hookup
let's get these installed
right so I've done the wallpapers LEDs
are installed there's this little
controller and I give it to down now and
see what you think has to do what you
have to do with that is point it under
the desk and click the on button oh oh
yeah Wow how sick is that it's a dream
come true
that's wicked
really really really chop it up good
right there guys just a quick stop off
at Dan's house literally edited my blog
put some LEDs in for him now it's time
to go and oh no no Darren I should
really be excited but I'm kind of
nervous I should be nervous on the way
to pick up my car Darren lay off the gas
our sounds so good guys here we are
we've arrived
good old max protect my car is just
inside I literally don't know what to
say okay so there's a few guys gone
inside to look at the car I've literally
just heard them go whoo
so I'm assuming that it's gonna be
absolutely mental but I don't know I'm a
little bit nervous so guys this is going
to open up revealing my car I don't know
where that's a point you guys at me or
point at the ah this is actually sick
I've really hope it looks good I really
really hope it looks good oh my god oh
my god oh my god
holy Sh that is mental
do I like it's incredible it's
absolutely incredible
I knew it would look good and just knew
that this looks sick Wow
the fact is I love it that it's bendy
badged so people don't know that it's a
John Cooper Works until they see me fly
past them it looks really cool without
the budget usually as a John Cooper
Works badge here is just the best thing
I've ever seen in my life
tell me I always tell me what was the
hardest part about doing that actually
it wasn't easy or even all that even
others around the car was crew yeah
everything was from and the mirrors were
red wait what time were you going home
every night we left guys you want to get
your car up to get anything done to your
car max protect links in the description
or up there look look at there
I know the next time I come down they'll
be buying leave the restaurant holding a
very very very expensive vlogging rig
and I'm very very very very tipsy down
I'm gonna get this outside my new house
I'm putting that in the bill I have
editorial on this now I'm putting that
in a blog down
hi guys had a great time at the
restaurant it was great it was great
let's go yeah all right I'll see in the
morning the one thing the one thing I'd
say to say to anybody is ask yourself
right now are you are you enjoying what
you're doing and if the answer is no
only get a short amount of time on this
world you only get a short amount of
time when that's what it might say
that's myself every single day make sure
you are doing something to your best
ability every single day now I
understand if you're in school or in
education you can't media watch helps I
get that right I understand so I am
super super super super proud of my card
I've seen today it's absolutely
incredible
absolutely mental I still can't even
comprehend it I haven't driven it yeah I
hoped I'm gonna drive tomorrow no Brad
to my original point if you guys aren't
doing something that you enjoy what are
you doing right yesterday evening I sat
down and I watched a vlog from about
five months ago where I drove down to
max protects with my good friend Morgan
Hudson and we saw my wrapped car we had
an amazing day that was only five months
ago I am myself back then seemed so much
younger than I am now everything seemed
to be popping off and the only reason I
am doing this is because I told myself
Alex you are not going to universe
the Alex you are going to pursue your
dream to be a youtuber and you are going
to fucking succeed and you will succeed
and Here I am two years later and it's
nothing much to say but I have just had
my car wrapped in a camo skin do you
want to get your car wrapped in a
freaking camo skin get your car wrapped
in a freakin camo skin who is stopping
you you literally live once on this
earth and however you want to spend that
time that is absolutely fine by me I
will never ever ever judge anybody for
doing what they want to do in their own
time on planet Earth for me I want to
make youtube videos and make people
happy
but the one thing I'd always say is just
remember just remember you get one time
on this earth so guys the width I said
I'm gonna go ahead and end today's a
daily vlog here I'm gonna go ahead and
get some rest right now all right all of
you guys were right in view for anything
to talk about if you're not feeling
great hit me up on Twitter I'll see you
guys at tomorrow's blog where you guys
adios
you
