three two one guys will do my name is of
course Alex and welcome back to another
daily vlog I'm on my internet grind this
morning I've got another client two
installs and took about two hours so
let's go and get that done before I get
on with today's vlog guys let's do this
you
since the guys all finish this morning
the reason I've got this knife with me
is because well these things arrived see
grid and mine
so guys in these two boxes is 2,000
pounds worth of camera gear now the only
reason the only reason I've bought this
stuff is spurred this vlog I want to
make this vlog a load vector so here
I've got the rode videomic pro plus
shotgun camera and microphone now this
is rode brand new microphone and
actually get this it's 2,000 why's it 17
now only just release the microphone as
to where it turns on with the camera so
the battery doesn't get wasted which
hasn't been invented before but oh my
god that's huge don't write then guys
this is my old really old horrible
microphone that I've been using for the
past like three months and now there we
go guys that is the brand new microphone
how does that sound
hopefully really good right so guys the
microphones on I'm hoping that is just
the start of wise going to be this
awesome quality this in this box is what
has cost me the money
this lens in this box has cost me about
2.2 K 2200 pounds for a lens of a camera
if ever they get Alex you're absolutely
mad spending that much mirror lens and I
know I know I know I know I know however
number one I'm a camera freak and number
two I just want to be the best for you
guys
Chrysler
yeah let's go
imagine how sick the vlogs are gonna be
look how big that is oh my god
you're looking better on the camera
though ready guys there we go the new
lenses on hopefully that looks awesome
and if it doesn't I'm sending this back
because I have literally spent all of my
money on this lens all of my money right
not even a joke I can't break it and it
needs to be really good so guys let me
know in the comment section down below
for record this is my old lens it's
absolutely battered so guys that is the
new lens it's on the camera now as well
as the new microphone at let me know
what you think should have a really nice
blurred depth of field in the background
with some look I got my flip out screen
so I can't see myself hopefully this is
wicked
right so guys now we got the new lens
installed I've done my install my
internet store this morning
today's video is now finally ready to
start today is an awesome day I've been
waiting so long for it follow me in here
so guys in here as you can see this is a
mosque this is a mosque
right the name of our computer yes I
named my computer I built this thing
three years ago and I moved into this
house and built the ultimate setup which
is on the other side of this wall and
this thing has been powering the whole
setup but unfortunately in the last two
months this thing has been dying
sometimes it doesn't even post and I
think it's because it's trying to drive
so many pixels like so many pixels so
many pixels as in all of these pixels so
the guys over at Corsair have teamed up
with msi and a custom model who we're
gonna go meet today when I pick up my
brand-new computer and this isn't just
any computer this is a custom Mars bar
Edition this is a most version - we need
to get in the car drive for about an
hour and go and pick this thing up I
can't wait for you guys to see this
hey babe it'll be my the work honey well
yeah yeah yeah let's instead of me to
eat well I'll come with you alright
that's it with the light back and I'm so
excited I'm so so excited
oh no way I wouldn't have life don't
know put in May I don't where are you
yeah I'm not a big computer fun but I
know what you're like and I think you're
gonna I'm not gonna look sit yeah I
don't know it's looked it right I'm
coming in I'm coming in this is it there
is there is there is so this is the back
you're looking at now because the back
oh wow look at the cables how that's
insane
so this thing's top of it I was looking
at the GPU
oh yeah as well as the PSU this is sick
yeah as my logo on the GPU and then down
there and there's logos everywhere
give you busy plotting all
your boss $100,000 on the table
say is the rambutan call cell link as
well yeah you can change it I'm left the
pool is pretty standard so they don't
like their M on they see people light up
when you get into as a menthol hey is
the Mars ball up on the GPU pulsing so
what Dave and I are gonna do right now
is actually etch what an how do you do
this man this is mental acid etch so you
don't want to get this on your fingers
so it's gonna burn the glass and we're
gonna burn the work hard anywhere logo
into the glass of the back panel of the
computer so go and get over that thing
look
you guys can check out all of Dave links
in the description so guys there we go
one absolutely crazy day so far
unboxed a tuna
