I keep telling ourselves a let's get
freaky head true because everybody's
getting massive now but you're not one
thing is I'm going to carry on doing
this now every single day
I bought a package which is right here
as to which is going to help me make
youtube videos but to make what's in
here actually work I'm gonna have to
spend even even more money nothing's
free in this world is it what is it this
box means so much to me at the end of
the day or is is a bit of metal and
plastic this is my sony a7s mark ii and
it's been repaired so nice this is the
camera that I've been using for the last
sort of three weeks where my 8 7s has
been getting repaired and now this this
is back to the a7s quality that thing is
a beast and I'm happy a 7 s to have you
back and you are blessing everybody with
your gorgeous 4k wicked so as you guys
can see if you didn't wash yesterday's
well of course that said it was a load
of new stuff for the desk and it's time
it's time to get this stuff installed I
am so happy
hi guys look who I am on FaceTime with
who are you so guys there we go we're
all installed now this is looking
we know so as you can see we've got all
the new Corsa gear on the table right
here the nice new cloth mouse mat new
Mouse new keyboard and but Amazon links
in the description of this video to
these if you guys want to have your desk
looking identical to mine so guys it is
the final day of this computer doing its
thing for me tomorrow we'll pick up the
brand new one but something a little bit
more important that I need to talk to
you guys about is over now at the office
yep I'm starting up work experience
Elliot edit your blog's no look you're
in a corporate video okay so Elliot is
doing some what would you call it work
experience or is this just a project
that you need to is it work experience
might uni we're like you can't do big
weeks of big chunks of work at spoon so
you can only do a few days at a time
so I messaged Alex knows that listen
dude I need your help I need to find
some official days of work experience so
I said to earlier because we are a
registered company that I can
technically come and do work experience
for me now I know a lot of you guys have
said Alex can I do work experience for
you and the answers most mostly Ben now
obviously Alex a close friend of mine so
I'm letting him do this but if you do a
good job bro
I'm gonna be the new jet eater so yeah
Jed Mako's you see oh dear
Roy the manager ooh now get to work have
fun bright thank you very much
see in a bit I'll bring it back a bit
chicken
so guys quick Nando's with Luke while
I'm sat here I want to let you guys know
about the meet-and-greet on the Saturday
in all the details so it's actually a
Lamborghini garage in collaboration with
a few other youtubers to make sure you
come down guys I'll put the address in
the description Saturday this Saturday
at 12 noon 12 o'clock Co p.m. come meet
me
oh and you'll also get to see my new car
and if you're lucky I'll let you see it
right I need to go and order some food
so much fun work experience bro or as
working for me really that fun been a
good experience it yes Vinay I'm we're
here in a room it's near Enders I just
wait I just kind of look at it again
brother guys back from Nando's of weird
that Luke Elliot has now finished
editing all of the videos and he's now
working the camera what do you guys
think of this what if we did the vlogs
from now on with me hands-free following
me around how mental would that be that
would be crazy but thank you for doing
that little filming for me and also
editing editing the videos I'm sure
there's a cracking cracking job and I'll
see you tomorrow my friend so guys as I
said the meet-up information so you guys
can come and meet me and see my new car
and potentially maybe sitting it if I
can try and organize that we'll be down
there in the description it's a free
meetup guys I'm not charging you guys to
come and freaking meet me I find that
absolutely absurd you guys can come and
meet me free of charge just have to turn
up at the Lamborghini garage all details
down there in the description to say no
charge involved or anything simply just
turn
and I can charging people to meet you
absolutely boss guys mainly because my
friend Elliot who's just come and done
loads of work for me and it's coming
clusters work experience I that's mad
I'm 20 years old and I've had someone
doing work experience right Luke is just
going to make both of us a coffee and
then after that I think guys it's long
overdue you've asked me to do this for
so long and the reason that don't do it
it's because I'm a little bit but which
we menu I'm a little bit scared
however guys it's time to go exploring
so this is an old abandoned movie
theater and as you can see these are the
hallways wait a minute go ahead go and
do it on the roof wait he's a huge oh my
god
oh wow look at that by the way guys
there is no way these gloves is just
because I don't like to touch things
that may have a lot of weird things on
like these places are weird this is it
this is a cooker in the kitchen
whoa only clap mate this isn't men's the
kitchens is no this is
 nice carpet this is my that just
goes all the way down you felt so weird
it honestly goes on for miles these are
so so scary like I'm going out I'm going
I can't deal with it especially mind I
know it's you mind playing tricks but I
just it's absolutely I mean how'd it go
how'd you know I did I'm Jeff want to go
now it's just freaking me out
get going on Keiko kickin I think this
is the way out I've been in here for
about 25 minutes half an hour and I just
like out it's that big we don't know
where we came in and we can't get out
anywhere so guys with general life
starting to take place right now outside
of abandoned buildings with us redoing
the desk getting the new computer
getting the car out getting the a7s back
I think it's only about time that we
upgrade this bad boy oh this is gonna
hurt the wallet
am I really about spent two and half
thousand pounds on camera equipment for
the vlog guys meet-up links in the
description just an address turn up
there Saturday 12 o'clock convert to
meet your faces please come please
please please come I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog up tomorrow
picking up the new computer guys adios
