yeah so are usually guys very very very
good at telling myself even in the worst
situation possible that everything's
going to be fine and there's no point
stressing I'm usually very good at doing
that and I think there's a skill that
everybody should at least attempt to
learn and apply to themselves because it
helps in a lot of situations but tonight
I'm really struggling to do that this is
a memory card as you can see right well
it was before I'm trying to rip it open
and fix the thing this has my entire day
on it right it's 11:23 I filmed an
entire vlog today with my little brother
right get back put this memory card in
my computer again corrupt this memory
card cannot be read unless it's
formatted brilliant I think the one
thing that winds me up the most is I
work so hard I work so so so so hard I
don't go to bed most morning until 4:00
I wake up most days at like 8 a.m. I
live every single day on like 4 hours
sleep which probably doesn't help
however I try my best with everything I
do I give my 100% into everything I do
right and then when stuff like this
happens it really really frustrates me I
never really get angry I do bit in very
short bursts and that anger comes from
disappointment I get angry through
disappointment you know a weak person
would do a weak person would give up and
I'm not weak 11:30 p.m. we've got half
an hour to film a vlog let's do it
welcome to Mars bar box subscribe right
now yeah you still gotta hit midnight
he's still good oh can I hear somebody
saying they like the nighttime time
lapses that I'm doing do you like the
nighttime time lapses are they cool are
they cool enough for you you know we're
doing a vlog at night because I recorded
a vlog all day today and seemed to have
lost that so what another nighttime
time-lapse another one I remember back
when I learned how to do these nighttime
time lapses and I taught myself how to
do it in this vlog it was at least arts
of 2016 I'll never be able to find it's
of them so many blogs that's why I get
so angry when when when this fails
because this means that I love this
you'll never understand what happens in
my brain this keeps me sane so I watched
on my vlog footage today any normal
person would be like okay I'm not doing
a blog that's it I'm not I'm just gonna
go to bed and there won't be a blob
tomorrow but no we don't do that on here
guys this is not how we roll we keep
going we never settle work hard
anywhere wallpaper downloads in the
description all the guys I did an
awesome video today where I went to play
fifa with my hoe hoe hoe hoe this is
sick i want to play fifa with my brother
so if he's up for it i'll try and
rerecord that vlog and do it tomorrow
maybe i'm not sure my new computer that
I've been banging on about for a long
time guys is finally built and as you
guys know if you don't I'm going to pick
it up on Thursday which is tomorrow I'm
going to pick it up tomorrow which is
awesome so I've got the k95 RGB Platinum
Edition here so what the K 95 here and
now I actually have very little idea as
to what's in here it's still from course
there's this
and down at the mouth of the group and
then in this box we've got the brand-new
oh yes this is brand-new this and I'm
not even sure why he pronounced it so
you guys can boy you couldn't make your
own judgement of that I'll put all these
links in the description guys and it
also sent me I hope this is the Clough
Edition please be the cloth edition
please please please oh no it looks like
the normal one wait a minute pop edition
yay ok guys so this is exactly the same
as this mouse pad here except of course
there man it's like Christmas this is
really cheered me up guys this this is
awesome right let me just tie to this
mess
I don't like man laser magic common
misconception that my office is in my
house no no this office is in town a lot
of you guys always say Alex you're in
the office is such ridiculous times in
the morning it's like almost 1:00 right
now the reason allowed to come to the
office it's because I don't like to
disturb my brother as I told you guys
today's vlog what I recorded all today
which got corrupt was a video with my
brother my brother is at home he's
asleep at my house right now and I can't
go around making loud noises and doing
things that I usually like to do on the
vlog because it could wake him up right
because we got that surprise packages
from Corsair which I was gonna open at
the end of the vlog that was meant to
happen but I did at the start of this
one Corsair thank you I really really
really appreciate it guys I'm gonna head
to ebay because if I want all these
peripherals to work properly and need to
get some equipment
fine guys so I found this thing now this
thing is a powered 4 port USB huh pretty
much with USB hubs the more things you
plug into them the slower the transfers
speed is so I'm hoping with this one
because it comes with a USB power and an
actual plug to plug this thing in it's
saying that you'll get full USB 3.0
speeds on all four it's only 595 let's
give that again
as a microphone on top and then I can
hold that out like that and then I have
like GoPros with like lights and then
obviously that drone which is recording
on there so you see like a live view of
that
so that was actually really really
interesting so I went for a little
skating session with Jed on they let you
skateboards just as you like to talk a
little chat about a few things I wanted
to vent him about what happened today
how annoyed I was about those in the
memory cup and then the police turn up
and they're like yo guys what you do in
and we think we're gonna get in trouble
for flying drones and riding skateboards
and they were literally just like can we
have a go on your skateboard and we were
like yeah of course it was a policewoman
that road.the boosted board that's
really nice so guys we are awaiting the
brand-new PC to replace amis and it's
gonna be called guys the a mas v2 I'll
let you know a little sneak preview you
guys know work at anywhere I do the work
hard anywhere wallpapers you can
download them in the description and
tweet some pictures of you putting the
wallpapers on your gaming setups it's
actually gonna have the work hard
anywhere logos on the PC as well as my
actual own logo which is absolutely
awesome SSDs and even the Corsair logo
on the cooler is my logo it's honestly
guys it's mad but in the meantime we've
got all of our new peripherals to
install down and let me know if you guys
are wanting it to give away all of my
old stuff I think I probably need to
clean yeah anyway guys that's why I'm
gonna end today's little mini nighttime
vlog I'm super annoyed that I lost all
my footage today really really really
annoyed but what can you do guys I've
tried my best for you I was so angry
earlier guys if you enjoyed today's vlog
and appreciate my efforts staying up
till now 3:30 a.m. to do this vlog for
you guys I'd appreciate a like rating in
a comment down below letting me know
that you enjoyed it and if you didn't
hit that dislike and tell me why in the
comments section down below but guys for
now mine is been Alex you guys have been
awesome guys stay awesome keep smiling
and it was difficult but tell yourself
perspective and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's hopefully de daytime
leave LOC adios
