give me a car just give me the car
yeah ready
Hey
let's go
here she is this is it
this is this is my dojo good morning to
you all how are you all doing guys my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
welcome back to another daily daily vlog
today guys is a really special day and a
really special day for one reason only
now the reason today's a very very very
special day guys is because I'm about to
get in my car drive all the way to
London to give my car to somebody Oh
guys before we do go before we do leave
please take a few things out of my car
and buy a few things I mean I inspire
one right guys now we can go let's do
this
you have reached your destination hey
wait wait a minute
so guys we're here at the max protect
right now they're about to move these
awesome cars outside a break like inside
so they can start the world
I can't believe I'm doing this I can't
believe it
so guys as you can see on the front of
my car there's been a logo for quite
some time that says max protect and
that's because the company max which is
going to drop all the links in the
description links their social media
absolutely everything website if you
want to get some done to your car they
about four or five months ago applied a
rap to the front of my car called a
paint protection film and pretty much it
just keeps your car looking really
really shiny and it also prevents
scratches and swirling on the paint so
that was absolutely awesome because I
got this car brand new and I love the
color combination that I did to the car
but now it's time to do something a
little bit different to it so again I'm
right back here back at max protect and
they're gonna wrap this thing for me but
not in paint protection film an actual
physical wrap that is going to change
this car totally change it
and when I say totally change it I'm not
just going for a single boring color or
anything like that you guys are gonna
have to wait and I'm not going to tell
you but if you want sneak peeks of my
car as it's getting wrapped this week go
and follow max pretexts Instagram
because they're going to put real
close-ups of this car
nothing revealing but you'd be able to
maybe maybe just put two and two
together alright this is the owner of
this awesome company right here as I say
all links in the description what did
you think when I first told you what I
wanted to get them to the car I wasn't
quite sure about its when you first told
me but once we started working on a
design and started actually seen the how
the cars gonna look and I really liked
it
how are you look it's gonna look really
yeah I can't wait I genuinely can't wait
because there's not many cars like very
minimal amount of cars that'll get the
wrap done to their car but I'm having
done to mind the whole cars not just
going like one color there's like whoo
yeah so it's gonna be awesome
yes yeah good luck though because you'll
need it bro thanks fun sin of it every
time I come down here to see mash
protect I always pop it into this to
this Porsche dealership Porsche garage
called jzm and they've actually got a
Porsche over there which I'm not even
allowed to video I'm just not allowed to
video it that's all I'm not a Popeye's
but if a point to my camera at that car
I'd get in so much trouble however I'm
currently sir
and the McLaren
once again I'm back around Russia back
inside Haley's record sir it's obvious
I've come all the way down to London
today missed opportunity but at least
have one meeting with one of my partners
quit meeting over Wagga Mama's with one
of the Cutie guys and yes I've had lots
of questions about this I'm still very
much very much involved with cutie
we're just taking things slow Tamiya big
things can come a sensible City your
packing list bitch I'm another Horseman
I don't need your endorsement I don't
need reinforcements giving you your last
warning
cuz I'm mother
one thing I do love is coming back to
the office after for blood being
somewhere or going away to come back to
the office get my home vibes back
absolutely love it also been in here for
a couple of hours so far just been doing
tech flow I've been juicing working bits
on the laptop
I've actually this evening guys gonna
head out filmed a main Channel video in
the live streaming room it's not episode
three but it's something obviously to do
with the live stream is absolutely
awesome there's also a giveaway involved
so that'll be out on the main channel so
the whole of today has been absolutely
awesome with this rap thing I'm kind of
popping it up because i hyped it before
and I didn't really get the color of my
Karcher I don't know I'm doing I didn't
get the color of my car changed I just
got it paint protection films and I hope
to have other guys getting the car apps
but it wasn't you know I wasn't changing
the color and now I'm actually changing
the color so this is like a big deal and
I absolutely love my car to pieces and
what I've done I'm like 98% sure it's
going to look absolutely awesome and
it's also going to make every single
person look at the car as it drives down
the street now as of yesterday's video
when I told you guys I would PayPal
whoever got the actual color combination
right 500 pounds there's one solid color
right that's gonna be going on all the
chrome of the car and on the red so the
wing mirrors and the roof and then it's
a totally different wrap which is going
on the body of the car it's going to
look crazy oh and one more thing I'm
doing a meet-up on Saturday oh no an
unorganized it's not organized and
unorganized meet and greet with you guys
on Saturday so if you want to meet me I
don't know the details 100% right now
but there will be in the description of
this video and I'll also talk about it
in tomorrow's video as well so if you'd
like to meet me you live in England near
London then you're in luck because it'll
be this Saturday so keep this Saturday
around 12 o'clock free details in the
description journeys click make a video
how to equate it what we're going to do
burning knife challenge to the map book
with the face like that you ready you
ready for thumbnail you 3 2 1
arjuna day honor other guys i've come
into my office and quite rightly so I'd
be really worried if it wasn't here
there's this key so guys as you can see
this is the key
and by that logo you can see that is
obviously a POJO
now then 3 2 1 bang look at my beast
it's a it's what we call a GT line and
it has to fake exhausts on it so it
looks like it's fast it's a 308 and
that's pretty much all I can say to you
it has leather seats but then not only
that they're also heated in there and
then down here the seats are actually
massage seat so you can click these and
then the seat will physically massage
you now had this on the way here and it
was the most off-putting thing I found
it hard to drive I had to turn it off so
that's gonna be a steep learning curve
my mini is obviously an automatic and
this is a manual so that's difficult to
buzzing that guys it's like a really
really really sick car I kind of like
this thing and I'm going to be having
this for one week what do you think
sorry I know it's like it
there you go guys that is my car for the
week so guys I've just got back home I
put some tracksuit bottoms up I've got
about two hours more work to do and I
just want to be comfy whilst I'm sat at
my computer speaking of all things offs
in which this vlog has been we're
talking about Carl's car rapping I'm
gonna finish thing I'm gonna finish
things off talking about my computer
right here so on the 16th another date
today
okay Google what's the day it's the 14th
today in two days time guys on the 16th
we are picking up the new custom PC so
we need to make sure this room is 100%
ready to receive that so that'll be
tomorrow's vlog but for now guys
management Alex you guys have been
awesome guys tails and keep smiling I'll
update you on the mean gree that I'm
doing on Saturday in tomorrow's vlog and
I can't wait to show you guys the rap
adios
