hey guys welcome to the vlog I'll be
doing the vlogs there because my brother
is ill
no actually I'm I don't feel well at all
I feel really really really oh Jacob's
gonna be doing the blog today guys I'm
not gonna be doing its dick who's gonna
be doing the whole thing you ready
well you're not because you're going to
bed in the couple of hours and it takes
more than a couple of hours to make this
vlog every day what are you doing now
playing xbox
good afternoon guys how we all doing my
name is of course Alex and welcome back
to another daily vlog no the rooms are
false yes the rumors are true I woke up
this morning feeling absolutely awful
and I was like oh no I'm not gonna be
able to do a vlog bro thank you for
starting the vlog for me I appreciate it
good luck you got with me this game now
bro I know it's Sunday today but I have
someone call me up this morning somebody
wanting to get my internet for them so
before I go and say yes to them I have
to go and look around their house I'm
gonna bring you guys with me quick
business meeting on a Sunday too tight
is too small right boys and girls have
you tried to do this speaking to a
microphone right so then guys I'm
feeling a lot better than I was earlier
after my little client meeting I have
been run to somebody's house this
afternoon to see if they can well
receive my broadband as to which they
can I've booked them in to install on
Thursday so so guys today is Sunday
you'll know what something means it's
it's the chill of time but before we'd
start the chill AAG I've got something I
really need to talk to you guys about
like this this is serious and it's
happening tomorrow so listen another
guys tomorrow I'm going down to London
for one reason and one reason only I'm
getting my car wrapped now I've got my
car wrapped before a lot of people were
very disappointed with it they were
disappointed because it wasn't
technically a wrap even though it was a
wrap like I wasn't getting the color of
my car changed and modified and that is
what everybody thought I was doing when
I said I was getting the car wrap turns
out what I was doing was getting a PPF
wrap which is a paint protection film
and what it does is it protects the
paint on the car doesn't physically
change the colour of it oh ho ho I'm
actually getting the car wrapped
you guys you are never ever in a million
years gonna guess what color and that
isn't sarcasm it's not going satin black
it's not even going a standard color so
with that being said and would you guys
in the comments section to get right now
of what my car is gonna be wrapped as
and whoever guesses it exactly right
exactly right
I'm gonna make a video of me Pay Pal
lling them personally five hundred
pounds or seven hundred dollars because
you guys are never going to guess it you
don't know yeah but I've told you I've
told you know what should guess blue
hello guys before I lead the life human
room this evening
there we go and it is a sort out the
LEDs that I broke on the live syndrome
TV from yesterday so as you know as I
said at the start of today's video I've
been really ill this morning I thought
about just just no energy at all so I
put a tweet out about this and I said
guys tell me for once
what do you want me to do in the vlog
and be as crazy or as normal as you want
talk sex education so guys sex education
is a really really serious thing and
everybody should be sexually educated
upon it you will learn a lot of these
things in school that I'm about to
demonstrate to you with a cucumber
however on real guys if you are delving
into the world of sex education and you
are a male species accompli speak for
the females because get rid of the
comments but if you are a male be sure
to use a condom I always keep one in my
bag at all times this is the exact one
that I always use 100% of the time I
always use this exact one right here has
those three markings on it I'm not sure
what that means why it was a really good
look with this one and yet for those
younger ones the only thing I would say
just make sure you use protection on a
serious note because number one diseases
fly around and number two imagine if you
had a kid on the way because you've been
messing about without protection by the
way I don't usually keep this in my bag
because I have a girlfriend so if you
think I'll keep one in your bag or in
your wallet so you've always got one
with you if you sleep in around that
clip of the sauce where your car with
the camera next to the exhaust why it's
just a girl's car in it but okay touch
this
hey guys watch see that just a girl's
car I don't know our boy it's rubbish
don't like it how do you do your vlog
transitions well that's really easy you
can do a click one where you simply just
click and you remember where you hold
your hand and then you click again but
take your top off you guys get the point
all you do is you find a click in the
editing software you cut in the mid of
the first click cut in the middle of a
second click when you're taking your top
off or done whatever you want to do put
those clicks together searches and
that's simple as it is and then you can
do some awesome other transitions that I
like to do in my vlogs to make them just
that little bit better than other
vloggers you know to give your vlog
about a little bit of edge you can do
stuff like this and there you go because
I whipped the camera round it made a
different place all you have to do is
whip and then you are in a different
place cut the whip together and you're
sorted seamless little transition 0 to
60 speed test in you car why it's just a
girl's car you know okay
right then guys I'm going to demonstrate
this to you right now in a minute
obviously they're just really rubbish
cars so I have had this car remapped
which means it's had a map put on the
engine which means it's better than
stock so this is gonna be better than a
normal John Cooper Works in a sense what
I'm gonna do is put it in launch control
so to do that you have to turn the car
off turn the car back on put it into
drive put it into manual and that back
on so you guys can see you can go and
put it into sports have our sport
display on that with a power and torque
and turn off traction control this road
is at 60 guys I can't go faster than 60
but when you guys see launch control
active come up here that's when we're
gonna go right ready three two
and they're 16 dunh dunh brakes brakes
brakes how long was that I have no idea
then away you guys watch see that just a
girl's car 20 facts about you
I like entertaining people I'm not very
funny
I'm into cameras I sell Internet to
people I make youtube videos every
single day of my life and have done for
the past X amount of days I'm not sure I
am a mini driver but also a massive fan
of Porsche I love gaming and gaming
setups in particular I love LEDs I like
this bag it's my favorite bag link is in
the description I use an iPhone X and I
absolutely love this thing and no I
don't hate the not a ridiculous gaming
setup at home with the monitors alone
reaching a total of almost 4000 pounds I
love light and especially light and
color for that I like philips hue I'm
not sure how many run now of lost count
hey far too much McDonald's I try and
work out but it doesn't really work for
me very well I have a brother called
Jacob he's 8 years old and he's amazing
I have two cats Ron called Bertie and
one called Betsy Bertie's battery has an
Instagram
Bryn 3 YouTube channels this daily vlog
on my main channel and tech channel
called tech flow and I am absolutely
blessed with the success that I've
received on YouTube it's incredible
growling guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog here today has been a
Sunday chill ox and I'm really evolved
just a fun little video where I got to
chat with you guys about getting the car
abs and I won't do some of things you
guys asked me to on Twitter I want make
it a regular thing if that's what you
guys want thought instead of doing the
Q&A I've let you guys choose what we do
in the vlog because mixing things up a
bit if you guys liked it let me know
down in the comments something a bit
different but for now guys manage
Malick's you guys have been awesome guys
stay awesome keep smile I'll catch you
guys in tomorrow's daily vlog how did
to-do list for today but I didn't get
anything done because earlier I was ill
anyway we crack on tomorrow adios guys
you
