somebody said to me yesterday are you
looking forward to the weekend as to
which I replied why would I be looking
forward to the weekend they said because
you get to relax you get to unwind you
get to stop for a second and I said no
no no no I always say create yourself
the opportunity so that you don't have
to look forward to weekend's make every
day the same make every day incredible
Saturday morning 8:30 a.m. right now I'm
off to film the second half of a
promotional video that I'm shooting oh
no I'm sorry
I'm sorry for disturbing you bro there
you go
films you all finished up this morning
originated in town I'm currently in
boots I just need to get some bits from
this shop just do a little bit of a shop
for those things that you need dodgy
guys can see it's about mid-afternoon
right now and I've been in this room so
far today for an hour because nothing's
working not nothing
TV's coming off the wall of the cables
on the floor sound bars not working in
the Telly's not working I don't know
what's happened no signal detected like
it's definitely plugged in okay after
much battling around for the last hour
and a half or whatever I think I've come
to the conclusion that I need to run
some new cables from the TV because the
HDMI cable that I've already got behind
the TV isn't working so I've got a few
more cables which I'm going to run from
this telly all the way around
yes finally oh wow it's taken me so long
to get the Xbox one X on the CAPTCHA
card on our little USB powered screen
here and then on the telly so I can
actually play it X clue
please excuse the LED strip that has
fallen down in the process I don't have
any glue to put it back up so we'll have
to do that another day oh it's working
now I see I still can't play but
I still can't play the new Call of Duty
i pre-ordered it and everything it's
downloaded we have this problem
yesterday you are too early we know you
would really like to get started but you
have to wait a bit longer the game is
out now Xbox helped me it's as if my new
Xbox one X thinks that the game isn't
out yet when it is it's saying I'm too
early the game is out Xbox
I removed the game I reinstalled it
still not working well you guys so the
TV is all on everything if you're
working ok except from call of duty
which is really annoying I need to get
some glue for this LED strip here so to
leave it dangling for now but I'm super
happy and give you guys a quick tour so
guys so far on the table we have all of
our accessories controllers here for the
Xbox one
X ps4 on a normal Xbox there here we
have our microphone which is all wired
in and then we have a makeshift ghetto
lamp for the webcam here we have our USB
powered monitor for the streaming
computer so I can go ahead and read chat
on here and then we have the corsair lap
dog right here and then we have a TV
that is finally finally working
obviously guys I'm just borrowing my pc
from down there in the office just to
make sure this is all working hopefully
I think I've got something really
awesome lined up as far as the streaming
pc is concerned for the live streaming
room but uh why doesn't God just work
I'd literally click stream right now and
stream it but I can't because it doesn't
work it's Friday night I would have
loved to stream this evening
right I'm glad we got all of that sorted
it up there I need to now leave this
place because I've got a meal a little
bit later and I want to go home and see
my brother
yeah what's going on it's good Oh bro
what finish boom
so that may how are you you're amazing
that's a good word you like you need to
tell you that Winston's is it amazing
they better not score now Jake their
best not school get it back Joe get it
back I might I'll leave you to it
remember we're gonna have to later
Wilkinson's Christmas lights but I want
to ask you guys a question
bottom Christmas lights to put outside
over the house now the date today is
Saturday the 11th of November when is it
an acceptable date to put up Christmas
lights I'm not saying now is I'm just
asking you guys usually I'd say first
week of December let me know what you
think down in the comments I'm really
interested to see what you guys say when
do you put your Christmas decorations up
what date don't get me wrong I love at
Christmas lights but putting up too
early it's just a no now there we go
guys she's copying 46 gigabytes of
footage over to my computer from what I
got at the gym this morning Oh where's
Jacob I think I want to take him for tea
a little bit later well go ahead and
take my brother out for tea this evening
guys I need your honest opinions on
something like honestly what do you guys
prefer and if you haven't watched one of
my streams in your life just tell me
what you think you'd prefer okay so
there's the two options there's the I'll
play games on stream or I'll sit there
and chat with you guys right however do
you guys like the chill streams where I
just sit there maybe eat some food ask
you guys questions I have my face on the
fullscreen or do you guys prefer a
streamer to be playing games what is
your preference on this because
hopefully after this evening even if the
altima live streaming room isn't
finished yet we'll be able to start
streaming from there we have the camera
grab the microphone we have the light
it's all set up we can tenderly stream
so I'm trying to be professional about
this I'm trying to put a schedule
together so I just need to know what you
guys prefer right I'm going to take
Jacob some
awesome little meal with my brother we
went to the Asha which is a really
really really nice restaurant local to
where I live
Jacob utilize the food I like the food
win win
okay few things that weren't bad today
well two things one thing two things
need to fix the LED strip and need to
figure out what my Call of Duty isn't
working but other than that day my
Saturday has been awesome as usual guys
if you want to send me anything in the
peer box I have no idea what this is the
peer box link is in the description of
every single one of my videos yes I'll
start with the letter PM miles media
well my name's Alex but Mars medial Duke
I am approaching you as a start-up
business there aims to sell stylish
sunglasses at a reasonable price
well will be the jutsu that I'm
approaching you because anywhere a lot
of sunglasses no maybe you get a bit
confused with Casey be because you're
well-known media figure and see because
you have a keen interest in business
startups and that is true I have major
respect for anybody starting their new
business because if you do you'll know
that it's hella not easy at all I aim to
sell these glasses at 10 pound to pair
with free delivery well dude yeah his
name's Matthew Matthew this is sick
you've made a pair of sunglasses think
about that with numerous pairs the Mars
bar stick is Alex my name is Kailyn and
I'm from Island I'm a big fan and I
watch you every day I've recently
started making vinyl stickers and I've
made you some and I'm just learning how
to do it
I let me know what you think of this not
sure where I'm gonna put these maybe on
my car when it gets wrapped the Alex
Brooks aka Mars bar my name is Ryan and
I come from a youtube channel called
Ryan's mgtv
I am from Zimbabwe which if you didn't
know he's a country above South Africa
well hello from England this letter came
from Sweden because I emailed it to my
own uncle who lived there and I wanted
to put dude this is mad you're such a
great inspiration to me and you motivate
me every single day to get up and
achieve what I want to do in life that
is one thing that I always try and tell
you guys you can do anything you can be
anybody you want right you can you can
you can if you can dream it right you
can do it Ryan thank you for the letter
I don't think I'm gonna eat your Mars
bar because it looks a little tad bit
squashed I really appreciate the thought
through some glasses
and all these letters and these vinyl
stickers you guys at the balm
rather than guys that's why I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's video super this
morning on Saturday that a little bit of
work for a promotional video I'm
shooting played in the live streaming
room took my brother for some tea unbox
some of your guys Pierre buck stuff yeah
I'm calling that the vlog today's been
awesome guys by all means if you are new
around here and you haven't seen my ugly
mugs before and you like him what you're
kind of seeing be sure to click that
subscribe button right there guys if you
missed yesterday's daily vlog you click
right here
see you guys in tomorrow's one stay
awesome guys keep smiling adios
