good morning 6:00 a.m. I never usually
get up this early work this morning guys
I would usually pay somebody to go on
people's roofs because I think that's
really dangerous when I install Internet
dishes but this morning because it is
literally my next-door neighbor who is
now buying Internet of me I'm just gonna
go and do it myself early start this
morning Friday today guys let's get this
installed
there we go guys another client
installed that particular customer is on
a twenty megabytes second package and
for those of you that can get fiber your
popular Alex that doesn't seem like
anything we have to understand that
round here the best speed you can get
down the phone line is about two
megabytes so 20 Meg to them is
absolutely incredible you should have
seen the look on their faces when I did
a speed test awesome to a gym to film a
promotional video for a gym but for now
I really need to do something don't know
about you guys but I'm really craving
the new Call of Duty especially because
I own an Xbox one X I really want to
play Call of Duty like really bad I
bought the game and I just have been too
busy as you guys know to play it as I
said been working this morning I filmed
a promotional video tonight but not only
don't want to play it I want to stream
it
however unfortunately before I start
streaming there's two problems that I
need to overcome one that I can't ever
read the chat because I just have one
screen and that is it and I play the
game on that one screen and then
probably material don't even have a
computer to stream from which is a very
big problem
so yes guys what I could do is get a
standard computer monitor and place it
right in front of the camera then I can
read the chat on this screen as well as
play the game up there but this is just
too much going on and it looks a mess
I've got a better idea
pretty much this is a USB powered 1080p
monitor it's no good for gaming it's no
good for anything really but reading the
chat this will do just fine little thing
about it is that it's powered by USB so
I can simply plug it into the side of my
keyboard and then the exact same with
the HDMI into their own voila I'm gaming
on the big screen and well lit I've got
my face camp and I'm sat on a sofa
casually gaming but doing it very well
without it the corsair lap dog or an
Xbox or ps4 controller now open is the
computer but we'll sort that later
because I've got a promotional video to
go in shoe
all I need to film a promotional video
is this crane it's awesome
and also a few batteries and this lens
and sometimes a softbox helps I think
we're good to go
last week filmed a set of promotional
videos for a local clothes shop which
included some major major brands this
morning new member of my ISP welcome to
the family
now just filmed a promotional video for
a local gym the gym that I'm filming
this promotional video for have a
session on tomorrow morning that is
between 8 and 9 p.m. which year they
specifically said that they want that in
the promotional video so it's going to
be another early start tomorrow morning
Saturday morning up at 7 to the gym at 8
to finish off filming that promotional
video guys I'm grinding at the moment
and still somehow managing to do daily
videos we got this in fact it's more
than day leakes is daily on this channel
and then maybe once a month uploaded on
mars bar and then twice a week at little
tech flow it's Matt but hey I'll tell
you this to start with it's absolutely
awesome when you find something that you
absolutely love and then that you can
make money from it
that that is the golden ticket honestly
this is definitely a bad idea it's so
fragile right so now what I'm hoping is
that I've got a screen here a screen
here this all makes sense in just one
second so this is the streaming setup so
far and it's amazing I've got the lamp a
lighting in my face with the webcam on
the top I've got my microphone here I've
got my keyboard and mouse here and then
to my right here I've got the little
screen as to where when I click that
I'll be able to look at my Twitter chat
and then here I can make sure
everything's going good on the live
stream and then obviously up here I've
got the Xbox one X so stop enter this
video saying I wanted to play the
brand-new Call of Duty and stream it for
you guys first problem I've run into
when I try and launch the new card it
says you are too early you know you want
to get started to beat you need to wait
a bit longer
check the Microsoft Store for the launch
day and then it says the game is
available to play so I have no idea why
it's not letting me play it which is so
annoying
so it looks like I'm gonna have to
uninstall it and then reinstall it it's
a 50 gigabyte download which means
unfortunately we can't play it this
evening but this is guys one sick are
set up for now and the room isn't even
finished yet and we we can live stream
let's do this
so guys for the last half an hour I've
been digging through my comment section
looking for comments inspirational
quotes that you guys have put down there
the one thing I love about all of these
is that my audience has now guys these
are the ones that got the most thumbs up
down there in the comment section if you
can dream it you can do it the future
belongs to those who believe in it
positively you need obstacles doubters
and mistakes to become a stronger person
I like this one that goes aim above the
mark to hit the mark and you could
interpret that in two ways you could say
to yourself well I actually want to
achieve more than what I'm going to a
set out to or you could say I'm gonna
aim higher to make sure I definitely get
it and then my favorite one which you
just had to include which you guys knew
is my favorite thing you put it thing I
love about it the most is I can wake up
every single morning
look straight over there right so if you
guys want to screenshot that and have it
for yourself feel free to do so but for
now guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog has been awesome work day
and fun day today messing about the live
streaming room with the quotes as well
if you missed yesterday's vlog we've got
super emotional went to visit my new
house the sort of foundations it was
really awesome you can check that out
here you know subscribe to my daily
vlogging Channel guys you can click here
but for now my husband Alex you guys
have been awesome as usual guys stay
awesome keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's daily vlog
adios
