I made a bit of a mistake I went to
sleep at Maria's last night my
girlfriends because my bed was a tip
there's loads of stuff on it however I
came back here this morning to pick up
my coat and now the reason I want my
coat is because I'm about to go back to
Maria's and pick her up because we need
to go to town we've both got some
errands Rita running my little brother
is 8 years old you always have to make
sure if you're the big brother to keep
your bedroom door shut otherwise he's
gonna come in and mess with all your
stuff especially if you're a tech head
like me so when I would like to go to
Maria's last night in a rush I close my
door like I usually do but but I left
Burt locked in my bedroom all night I'm
sorry bro I didn't mean to
so get to the office this morning I'm
already really annoyed because
somebody's just gone ahead straight away
and blatantly copied me look at this my
car's there but then excuse me
who owns this car I meant to be the only
jtw driver in this car park no I'm not
happy
well late breakfast meal date with the
wife because she Gomez University
tonight so I'm not gonna sit for a while
after this we need to go to some charity
shops because Maria has a university
project as to where she needs charity
shop items to photograph and also a lot
of the photographs of Instagram recently
have been taken on a film camera by
Maria so that's really cool but as you
can see she's very talented
my students I've been using my iPhone X
for the past few days without a case on
I kinda need to get classics I'm
definitely gonna drop this thing a
flower
okay you say that but all your shirts
have flowers on
if you got the gray one the gray tan
spacer yeah oh thank you
mission accomplished
now well there's only one thing left to
do the drop test I'm joking
it landed on my landed on my coat
so guys I've got an idea for today's
vlog and something I want to do to my
car so about a year ago I did this video
and this is before I have my awesome I'm
so privileged to say this a John Cooper
Works I had a mini 1d that was my first
ever car where I for a budget installed
some LED light into the footwell of the
car now I'm wanting to do the same thing
to my jcw however already does have
lights in the footwell albeit that
they're not very bright before we start
doing that I need to take the rear to
the train station as she's going back to
uni this evening
don't worry off at the train station and
on the way back from the train station a
popped into a shop to get one thing and
one thing only that cost me two pound 99
I totally get that a lot of people will
be in the same boat this time of year
the weather's cold you get chapped lips
but have you seen the size of these to
save myself from the absolute agony that
I'm in right now I really guys I enjoy
having these things the massive however
come winter time they get absolutely
destroyed all my security camera right
here I've seen today this parcel no I
love these guerrilla pods not this big
thing but this small little box and I
know exactly what's inside so how this
idea for a while now you guys know that
I love modding things and trying to do
things on the cheap
so I'm bored of this little thing off of
ebay use and literally that's all it is
attached to it hopefully an LED box you
can run some LEDs in the car guys but
then I had a better idea
somebody's video guys I did last year
where I understood these modded lights
into my car via bunching together a
cigarette lighter and doing a load of
other dangerous things it looks really
cool but number one it was a little bit
dangerous and also it was a little bit
tacky like the LEDs I installed in my
previous car my many one day they were
so bright it was probably a little bit
dangerous to drive at night with them on
I want to do it this time but safer not
as in-your-face and really really nice
and I think I found the way to do it the
car I bought this thing as you guys have
seen right into the cigarette lighter it
gives you this which you can then plug
into an LED box but I don't want to plug
this into an LED box because I think
plugging LEDs around the car is just
gonna look super super tacky and what I
want is for this to look classy in this
unit for the past sort of three or four
years I've had these old disc shapes
lights that are actually for a kitchen
unit you meant to put them underneath
the kitchen unit or something like that
and they'll put a light on the
countertop I've had them in here and
I've never really used them or even
noticed their existence but they have
this awesome little control pod here but
it's not control unit here which my
cigarette lighter can plug into and it
has four of these little dome lights
with their own little cable now the
video I did last year was something like
400 pound LED car mod for 11 pounds
because all the parts I used are about
11 pounds this was $6.99 on eBay and
then these are about 30 pounds from Ikea
and to get LEDs installed in your car on
Range Rovers website it's about 500
pounds and on minis website it is about
300 pounds however I have the LEDs that
many do in my car but I just don't think
they're bright enough so this is my plan
what I'm going to do here guys is pull
these lights at the back of the car so
you can see them and then with some look
if I turn off this floodlight here and
click this little button hey look at
that and then you can change the color
of them
okay guys here's one side done so what
I've done is I've left the cables on
show here so I can show you how this
works as you can see in the back here
but one of the lines I've actually got
these things on show because I think
they look so cool up there not tacky at
all these are from Ikea so what you do
is you can actually in cars push cables
underneath the skirting of the actual
class itself I'm just gonna hadn't taken
the whole thing out here so you guys can
see there is the control box and it
simply just slide straight under the sea
and that way you can't see any of the
cables and this will differ from car to
car but as you can see you can simply
just hide the cables away as you guys
can see this is the front passenger seat
and then this light just comes out
underneath here so this can physically
well it can just sit in there I've also
in my center console running the control
box so in here as you can see I can
change the color of the lights via this
wheel you can physically see it changing
just here in the back and then if I want
to I can just turn them off now all I've
got to do guys is get these wired into
my side this is a lot easier than it
looks guys tell me honestly in the
comment section
I think we open this and just change the
color as exactly what you want it to be
or you can simply just turn them off
altogether I make such a difference oh
wow I absolutely love the light blue
don't tell me that looks bad that looks
awesome
this has probably taken me about 45
minutes and it looks absolutely awesome
people don't just put me and LEDs in one
meme together for nothing
I'm the LED master I have LEDs
everywhere look like seriously I love
LEDs oh my coffin to have LEDs around it
I'm so impressed with that it turned out
so much better than I expected it's so
good but what isn't good is my stomach
right now I'm absolutely starving and I
haven't seen I haven't seen an assistant
Luke in a long time
vinegars all day today off-camera I have
been configuring stuff for Bulls and
client installs for my Wi-Fi that I'm
selling it's been hectic all day I am
Caribbean power of the world good
keeping the ballgame very strong guys it
for now - you know I like you guys stay
awesome
keep smiling if you miss yesterday's
vlog Clint right there and you cannot
subscribed click right here and I'll see
you guys in tomorrow's daily daily daily
vlog adios guys
