yeah surely yep another early start for
today but that does mean another awesome
filming day for this secret project and
of course and taking you guys with me
let's get to London it's so cold
I made it we're in London and it's
actually like midday now because we've
done some filming already to be
literally just got in started filming so
you've got a lot to do even though we've
got a lot of time we kind of don't have
a lot to film there's six episodes of
this thing so there's a lot that we need
to get we kind of need to get it all
today as well as we're not gonna have
much other opportunity to be able to do
it but I've got another coffee I'm in
like my third copy of the day and I
hardly ever drink more than one coffee
in a day but I need it today it's I'll
show you the place that we are filming
it in a minute I'll introduce you to
some of the cars as well hopefully but
um yeah
busy day kind of a boring day to vlog
actually a lot of just setting up
cameras and stuff but I'll try and grab
as much as I can for you guys so this is
the room that we are filming in it's got
a ton of all these like dressing room
lights because it is a dressing room set
so kind of makes sense but it's pretty
cool and we're using this for pretty
much I want to say like half the scenes
in the whole thing because we could use
it but a lot of different shots and
there's a lot of dressing room stuff
that happens as well but it looks really
cool right especially with just like
brick walls or the lights these like to
warm as well but we've got more filming
to do we do sir
film is going well it's still going
strong and it is currently 5 p.m. so
we've been going for a good since 8 so
been going good and we need three more
hours filming try and get hopefully two
more episodes done but I don't want to
do
okay so filming's go really well and
there's someone I want to introduce you
to I might have mentioned in a few blogs
and you might have seen already in a few
time-lapse and stuff and it's Danny or
some of you will know her as Eve if you
come to see the live show and she's
helping us out and she's a big character
in the new show as well so I'm how do
you think things are going they're going
really also having fun we are having
lots of fun lots of waiting but lots of
fun so obvious a new character who's
played by Danny she's super awesome as
you'll know if you've seen the show and
how does it feel talking to people that
aren't there it is really unusual so get
used to it a little bit but yes we're
not having like people's reaction yeah
it's really strange but I try not to say
too much I kind of said too much already
yeah there's lots of characters new ones
including Eve and maybe a couple more
and maybe some characters that are
real-life humans too
I'm not going to say too much more
because I might get in trouble but now
you know this is what it's like our
final scene Saladin absolutely destroyed
this room look good you remember what it
looked like earlier absolutely I've got
my guitar as well and we're almost ready
to film the last scene I'm glad you guys
got to meet Danny she's a massive viola
Chopin she's awesome
hey guys down here today we're doing
something really really special so we're
going live show tonight in ideas and
this is our dressing first say hey look
be nice
so the rest of the filming was fun but
I'm so tired time to get a train home so
I just finished editing this vlog today
and I've just realized I am I didn't
record an ending which is awesome I hope
you enjoyed another sneak peek into this
filming that we've been doing the
finished product has to be done by
February like the end of January so
you're gonna see it early next year
100% it's going to be all of a sudden I
promise you I'm glad you got to meet
Danny she's a massive part of the live
show and this show as well which is
going to be really really cool so I'm
glad you got to meet her I'm probably
not going about to say anything else
about the show but there's plenty of
clues in this vlog 100% I probably will
get in trouble but it doesn't reveal too
much I hope yeah thank you so much
watching if you enjoyed leave a thumbs
up they'll be awesome and I will see you
guys in the next vlog thanks being
awesome as always and I'll see you guys
later bye
