so I guess before we start today's vlog
we need an Ellie update and she's still
limping on her legs too booked her into
the vets tomorrow so that's gonna be a
long drive to get there but I think
she's feeling okay laziest dog in the
world
she looks so cozy thus are you doing hey
poppy yeah you sneezed on everyone today
start off as a bit of a weird one I hope
your day is going really really well
first off there's an amazing sunset
happening how incredible is that ah
that's so good but also it is 20 to 4:00
in the afternoon which is really really
awkward because I've done one video it's
rendering right now but we're going out
at five so I've got that like really
awkward time which is like about an hour
where I don't have enough time to make a
video to go up today which is really
annoying so I think I'm just going to
stream and I think I might try streaming
some Pokemon and I'm going to fit in
some Pokemon time to now so I'm going to
stream that on the main channel
hopefully you guys like it by now I
would have found out via pugs doing
goods we're gonna have to try and get
ahead for video this week because I've
got a what we've got to go to the vets
tomorrow which I wasn't planning for
it's about an hour away from our house
and then I got a tattoo but for this
week which I've just remembered which is
crazy I'm going out for dinner with some
of the tour people another weekend it's
insomnia which I haven't been to in a
while so yeah got some craziness coming
up this week so I need to get recording
in advance to keep up the two videos a
day because you guys have seemed to be
loving it and I'm having a great time
making videos again it's been kind of
cool to have like a break from making
two videos a day and then coming
straight back to it because give me the
break I needed to make even better
videos but yeah I'm gonna play some
pokemon for a bit of course and then
we're gonna do that family thing and
then I'll probably see you when we get
back because I'm not gonna take my
camera I don't want to shove my camera
in people's faces so I'm yeah soon in a
bit okay we're back from the family
thing which is pretty cool let's see
everyone but now I have just have
finished which we go in SOI the dogs out
because obviously they've been at home
for a while and I just started sorting
out a Pokemon streamer for my youtube
channel
streamed on Twitch the other day but
today I want to stream on YouTube and
see if people like it and I just have to
spends like 40 minutes trying to set up
things for shiny pokemon hunting which
is something I've done not on the stream
but today I want to try it on the
streams so I'm gonna do some of that
it's really boring for the vlog I'm
sorry but I've also got some really cool
Pokemon themed stuff to show you and
some really cool gifts as well so let me
do this stream and then I will show you
all this awesome Pokemon stuff see you
in a bit guys okay uh so that turned
from a casual stream into a 3-hour
stream ah mad but I had so much fun we
didn't get the shiny pokemon but it was
so fun to play a more chill game and
hang out with you guys if you came to
the stream thank you it was awesome
I love chatting with you guys aren't
through your questions and just asking
how your day was so that means it's now
midnight which is crazy to have to get
up so early tomorrow to drive to the
vets but um I still need to show you
some cool pok√©mon stuff but first I
should go and see if Jem still awake
gems awake but the pugs they be sleeping
look up curious what she was doing dose
gonna good sleep and he's also having a
good rest stop New York early you ready
for our early world trip tomorrow
no mpegs it just being pigs okay so I
need to get this vlog done so that you
guys I have something interesting it to
watch tomorrow so I'm gonna show you the
Pokemon stuff I was talked about earlier
the first thing as forgiven by a fan a
while ago it was about my even bit like
two months ago but it's only just made
it to my house and it's this could you
guess what it is know where I'm gonna
put it on yep you can wear it there you
can guess what it is now ha it's big
it's yellow you can wear it it's to do
with Pokemon and it is 100% awesome you
ready
let me just button it up and the final
bit the boom it's a Pikachu onesie how
cool is this and then if I turn around
its kind of wicked this looks crazy it's
got a tail it's got it back
markings its core ears whoever gave me
this thank you it's awesome and it's
really really cozy to write let me show
you the other stuff I bought man if it
wasn't so warm I would sleep in this
thing sorry for the wait lighting I've
got a weird hood on and the bulb is gone
it's really annoying but I can't
remember how I discovered this stuff but
I've been looking for awesome Pokemon
much for ages we even went always New
York to Nintendo store and their
selection wasn't even that great and
then and then I got a targeted ad on my
my browser and it was for the Intendant
UK online store for Pokemon stuff now I
know you guys in America have the
Pokemon Center online but we can buy
from that and they don't ship to the UK
which is frankly outrageous Nintendo
what so instead I bought everything I
could from the UK website first up a
Pikachu wallet check it out that's
pretty cool right I need a new one
because my wallet is broken I think
that's cool and then they've got this
design right here which is like a
Pikachu jumper this is so weird
with the Pikachu jumper with a print in
it in a really cool design I absolutely
love it it is cool and then the same
design all over a t-shirt which I love
what else have we got we've got this oh
this is the main reason I bought it this
is a Christmas Pokemon jumper how cool
is that it's got a Bulbasaur Annette
pokeballs or I am wearing that I'm
reserving that for Christmas Day I it's
so cool and they had another one icon
which Pokemon it had on it must've been
a Pikachu but um yeah they didn't have
them in stock in my size so I only got
the one pokemon jumper the Christmas one
anyway
otherwise I would have bought more and
then finally we have the classic three
original starters and a Pikachu on a
t-shirt now I think that's a pretty good
haul including at this Pikachu onesie
that someone gave me and it's so close
you well but I got something even better
as well I got myself this crazy backpack
it's got like loads I think it's only
got the original
a group of 150 on it yeah it has but
it's on this backpack and I kind of
needed a new backpack anyway and it's so
cool it's actually quite big as well so
I can I can't fit my laptop in it I can
fit everything else but I love it I use
a backpack all the time if you see me
out around my tour and stuff and in
London and I think this is a pretty
stellar Pokemon item also this onesie I
love this Hey long story short if they
had it in my size I bought it so I'm
Nintendo UK good job that's awesome I'm
glad you guys are stocking more Pokemon
stuff but um that's gonna pretty much
end this vlog today I'm sorry I didn't
do too much because I did a stream that
lasted way longer than I thought it
would
that took up a lot of time when she
family and we I can't remember what else
I did but it was something to do with
videos probably so tomorrow we got an
early start knees take Ellie to the vets
against or update you on that and I
think that's pretty much all we're doing
the day after is cool but I need to get
videos done for the day after that I'm
going to London for a meal with some of
the tall people so you'll meet some of
them too and I think one of them so the
person who I shared a stage with is my
co-star don't like calling on my co-star
it's kind of like she she does a lot of
work on the on the tour which is really
cool if you've seen the tour you'll know
who I'm talking about she's doing
vlogmas too which is cool so hopefully
we can blog with each other hey I guess
but I'm rambling and a Pikachu onesie so
I will see you guys very very soon thank
you so much for watching you are awesome
and I'll see you guys in the next one
