hi guys how you doing how you doing hope
you good we just come back from a pug
meetup where wasn't really a meetup it
was more of a walk and we walked a long
way walked all the way around this
massive lake which was pretty nice but
it was so cold as well but I guess it
was helping that we walked so far
because they kept this woman oh oh God
pug just jumped me and almost built me
hot chocolate which is what I was just
about to show you
hmm this is gems idea and it was a good
idea by beating all my cream and my
marshmallows already it was going to
overflow oh man he is mad sassy day what
do you matter oh my goodness oh my
goodness oh we're matching jumpers by
the way they look so cute I think
Ellie's mad at me in a reflection so mad
I don't know what else we did say
because god I often it's probably
because I don't have to do anything I
don't even have to uploading so I've
already done that and I've already
uploaded my blog already edited it
uploaded it from nailed it everything's
done so now I can chill the hell out
Ellie your jumpers coming off it's all
the way I tell her pack so I think I'm
gonna play some Xbox I really want to
place it on the set overdrive but I've
only got it as a digital download so
it's going to take about a year and a
half to download probably because I'm
assuming it will be a couple of
gigabytes at least because it came with
the white Xbox one the Xbox sent me and
I wanted to try it I want to try out a
new game but if that fails then I don't
know as in a while so I'll play what
should I play oh I need to try and find
my plants vs. zombies disc still because
we love that game actually I'm going to
try and find it again hey guys how you
doing
um when do I book last I have no idea
but anyway we've had a really really
chilled out there today it's five past
eleven so it's pretty late but um we
just been chilling out basically it's
really really good having a day off and
not worrying where's all I've had to do
is set them live
literally all I need to do but Gemma
sister came over and we had a cheeky
Domino's and we've saved the bottom two
because you've always got saved the last
two bits of pizza so that you can have
in the pro breakfast in the morning it's
a must do when you have pizza you always
have to do it and I just thought
something I want to grab it's these bad
boys so now that christmas is over
literally i used to work in a shop so
every christmas the shop is closed
because that's just what happens every
single shop is closed on Christmas Day
then Boxing Day I've always used to work
in the supermarket on Boxing Day and
what we would get in on the delivery
straightaway bearing this is bone in
mine this is the day after Christmas we
get our Easter eggs in which which is in
April
Easter's in April and we get Easter eggs
on Boxing Day but now I don't work in a
supermarket so it used to there used to
annoy me you should put all the Easter
stuff out but now we can purchase stuff
like this many eggs and I was got a
point of the cream eggs but I ate them
all so cream aids and mini axis on my
favorite chocolates so mm-hmm
finally got those and that's a bad thing
because that means I'm going to eat even
more and because I think they're going
to run out soon because they stopped
selling laughter Easter I'm gonna have
to buy one every time I see them so
that's a bad thing it's a bad thing but
a good thing at the same time so I'm
trying to download a game but internet
so bad I'm trying download left 4 dead 2
because I love their game I downloaded
it I've got on my PC upstairs and I
downloaded it for after the Steam sale I
think one time but it's really fun and I
want to play on my laptop
but it's like a 20-gauge gaming thing
and you can imagine the size of the
download and the speed of the download
that is on my terrible terrible internet
so just making myself a coffee and I'm
just going to chill out and watch a
couple YouTube videos which I haven't
watched yet and I think I need to show
you my office properly good yesterday I
did my one word vlog
Challenge which was pretty fun it turned
out to be quite an arty kind of video
which I can relate so I need to show you
my office I'll see you there in second
so here we are making our way into the
current office which really isn't an
office is it it's kind of a mess of
stuff that's supposed to be in the main
office but this is searching my office
at the moment just a desk that is it bum
if we walk through this room then it
into here which I showed you many times
before I'm going to go and turn the
light on now it is now turned into a
magical magical room and I'm really
really hyping this up but all this
really changed is I've finished painting
the ceiling and there's a desk in here
now so it's a big change from what used
to be in here because the lights that
are on the top were crazy and you've got
a little preview of the desk in the
previous video but I'm going to show you
a property so the ceiling is now all
painted thanks to me looks beautiful
looks a little bit kind of ads no hot
bunched up / hey it's white insolent
brown and this is my new desk what an
anticlimax it needs to focus focus
please focus camera there you go I knew
you could do it so this is my desk what
was here was just space so basically
this is where I'm going to sit here so
I'm going to sit facing this way so that
how will the space like this and I'm
going to see it yeah it looks quite long
but when you're sitting down it's
actually the right height and the plan
is it's going to be just miscellaneous
stuff this side probably like my
minecraft own stuff I got and then here
is where I'm going to get two new
screens just coming to order tomorrow
and this is like a cable hole so I can
just hide all my cables down here then
underneath I can put them like going
underneath here which should be sweet
and then over here I'm gonna wear my
console gaming movies or buy a decent
ish monitor I'm not too big not too
small and the cables go down here
because I have the glory that is six pub
pub six and plug sockets there and then
there's two more over there but I've
never been blessed with so many plug
sockets in my office in my life now that
only reason I haven't moved into here
already is that I want to get the floor
changed from this which is like slide
the laminate so like fake wood basically
change that into carpet because I want a
carpet because if I'm on wheels on my
chair that's when I'm going to start
slipping and sliding around which is
terrible what's your kind of Swan the
last video as well and then we've also
got this which has changed in a little
bit as well I'm not sure if any of you
would have noticed this but there's a
sink in my office what's going to take
out but there's not much point because I
drink copious amounts of tea like my tea
in my office and the best thing I found
the other day was look there's a power
supply right there so I can literally
have a kettle on my sink which is epic
so going to have that and the doors have
changed so we've got new doors on here
which look a lot better than the ones
before no handles yet doesn't really no
I'm not going to use it that much but
hey this is the new office and hopefully
in the next few days we will have and
we're going to fix this up as well this
is going to be on this color so it's
going to be the black on there but that
needs to be delivered on Friday and
hopefully the carpet will be done before
the end of this week I'm hoping so
anyway so I can move in here as soon as
possible I'm definitely ordering the
screens tomorrow because that's what
I've been waiting to do for a long long
time so there you go there is my office
I'm going to go downstairs now and enjoy
three eggs a few two videos and a coffee
just any any guess what it's time for
bids yeah I know you're happy about that
she wants to sleep here though on this
little little blanket anyway guys we're
gonna go to bed now because it's super
late again about 1:00 a.m. or just gone
1:00 a.m. and we're gonna go sleep so I
hope you enjoyed today's video if you
did please leave a big thumbs up gone
exciting week of videos planned now I've
actually kept to my New Year's
resolution so far and I've actually like
prepared the weeks I've had a day off
each week so far of the New Year which
is keeping to my resolution of having
like more time off which is good and I
plan next week's videos and they're
looking like a fun set videos so Eddie
has decided she wants to
upstairs so you ready to go upstairs
Eddie let's go so again thank you for
watching guys if you did enjoy it please
give a big fat thumbs up that'd be
awesome
and I will see you guys in the next
video bye
