run down here and welcome to another
video where today we're gonna be making
tea yeah sounds a little bit boring
doesn't it but add in a blindfold and it
doesn't sound so boring we've got China
mugs got boiling water and I need to
make a tea oh this is not going to go
well is it so let's pop this on no I
don't have a going-forward what it is is
a scarf where does exactly the same
thing I cannot see a thing so I guess
the first thing to start with is
selecting a mug no no where are my mom's
all right here we go
it's by the mugs somehow I know my cup
it is here I think I know my kitchen
pretty well this is definitely the mug
draw but now these are China mugs so I
need to make sure the one oh dear no no
I need to make sure they're not on top
of each other
to grab one I want that I want the
Minecraft what I know I washed up
earlier today and I know the Minecraft
wood is in here I don't know if this is
it but I'm selecting this mug I think
I've done it right all right so now I
have my mug I think that's not the mug
this is the mug this is the mug I need
to put some water in the kettle because
it's empty so here's the kettle right
here is to open the top still goes water
there's definitely no water in it and
now I need to put water in it this is
this is gonna be tricky
where's the tap where's the tap I'm
gonna oh wait yeah that's the tap
awesome going so I'm gonna put this in
here you know what this challenge is
easy
this challenge is easy so now I need to
fill it out properly yes I think that's
gonna be fine
drops up good job and now I need to go
back and try and put it on that you
can't see a thing but it isn't proving
like I can see my kitchen pretty well
that's not right
is that right nope I need to put it back
on the stand thing right away
no that's on the stand where's the stand
that's the little heart thing on here is
down wait wait wait
yes now it's so now what we need to do
is let it boil I think I think I'm
looking at the camera let it boil so
what all that is boiling I don't know if
you can hear me with a mug this is the
mug I need to put in a tea bag and I
have two sugars so I'm going to need to
do that so I've got I think yeah this is
going to be tea bags surely yeah it
definitely is it feels like tea bags
anyway I'd have to rip them in two so
I've done this so much that I think hey
a confident I thought there's so much in
my lifetime but I can literally do this
blindfolded wait I did even for the tea
bagging just as I say that right now I
need I'll put the lid back on there
and I need the sugar where's the spoon
though I need to spoon there's the spoon
I put two sugars in up just put manage
sugar fantastic by then this is going to
be tricky I need to put two sugars in
here
no that's the spoons the wrong way round
oh man I think I put sugar
is that one I think that's one I think
that's one it's fine the find it - is
that - oh my goodness I just sprayed
sugar all over myself I think I did it
so now now that I think that's about to
boil so I can hear it properly out yeah
it's definitely boiling I need to I need
to pour the water now this is going to
be a terrible idea
well the kettle is boiled is this the
kettle I don't it touches it's going to
be too hot I'm going to move this to
where that is I think I've got my cup
here and now I need to get this which is
boiling by the way let me see I don't
know how it consists is there steam is
so hot right so hot I need out so hot
right then let's try this it's not this
is not gonna go but I'm going to try and
aim it I know this is going to go so bad
my feet are right underneath it as well
why then destroy is oh man oh man I'm
going to keep my hands away all that
sounds good sounds good I don't want to
stop though oh I went by the sound on
that did that go okay I'm not learning
so I dig about okay alright then so now
I need to get this disc up take the tea
bag out there must be a spoon along this
summer this is the cow this is oh this
one now it should all do what's that
what's that my camera's on now what an
idiot what does I leave that there so
I've got the spoon how Carol stood up
it's still really really hot oh I'm not
in the cup am I
where's the cup okay pups in here I'm
gonna stir a little bit stir it stir it
stir it
nobody's kind of try and grab the tea
bag I've got the TiVo I'm not sure how
much I test wow that's hot that's hot
that's hot and now you take it to the
bin oh geez I'm so scared I was in where
I am now I need to try and get it in the
bin I'm not sure if this is going to
work now my bin for those you
see my blogs is a magic bean you wave
your hand across here and it opens so
you - is it see the bin I found it
oh no that didn't sound good that that
didn't sound good so now I need to find
the milk no please no please that's
that's the cupboard but milk where are
you buddy where are you
I feel the presence coming towards me
what is it what is it where am I
that is okay that's the thing with the
ice okay now I need to select the milk
fridge please help me out here why am I
still holding the spoon where do I put
the spoon out yeah you're going to sit
this is milk this is milk if it's in
date or not I don't know but it's milk
thank you fridge hang - helping me out
there now I need to pull this in somehow
i Laura why do I walking like an old man
and where's that spoon gone I can't find
the spoon I can't find the fish oh it's
hot it's hot that's a spoon I got it
right I have the milk I have the spoon
and now I need to locate my make up
again hello car Ryan I have the milk I
have the spoon now I need to locate my
mug where is the mug this could be the
mug this is the hot thing
definitely where's the cup there's the
cup so take this off the milk got it and
now what is that that's the kettle still
I need to put this in is it going to
work
oh I think it is I need to rest it on
the top
why can't I rest it what's wrong with
this milk what is what is wrong with
this milk are I spill it I think I spill
it it's all my fingers all right let's
just go for it shall we just go for it I
think I did it I don't know what's going
on right I need to put the milk down
without spilling it I don't know where's
my spoon
where did I put the spoons oh there it
is and I need to stir it
yes yes this is complete now right this
is complete there you go
a tea other like the cameras Bertie Mae
blindfolded and it don't taste too bad
Eva and now I need to do is outro the
video so there you go guys let's see
Mae blindfolded are they are Addie Mae
blindfolded it's only 3/4 full but I
thought that was going to go much worse
the water was boiling this is hot
but it tastes pretty good
not gonna lie so well I had to actually
went so much better than I thought so
thanks so much watching this random
video if you did enjoy them usually big
fat thumbs up that would be awesome
risking my hands my feet and everything
else from getting burns
so yeah thank you so much watching I
will see you next time
why
