everyone down here and welcome to
another video where today as promised
I'm gonna be opening these bad boys
which are the minifigures the gem got me
for Christmas she got me 36 of these and
you get a mystery figure in every single
one so I've got 36 of these to unbox so
let's just get straight to it so here we
go that's unbox these we've got a lot to
get through so let's just get straight
into I've got these plushies on the
left-hand side which I've shown you
before if you haven't seen them then go
in the description below and check it
out it's where I unbox all my minecraft
stuff from Christmas apart from these so
let's start on these shall we with box
number one I'm gonna have to use these
scissors on every single one iron box
has got a tiny little bit of sellotape
on it hopefully I don't hurt myself and
cut my stuff oh god oh god all the cops
inside Eva
there we go right then here we go the
first one so in total I think there are
how many three are there's 12 36 in
total they're in a mystery bag as well
what could this one be these better be
easy to open otherwise I'm going to be
in trouble
squee 36 I think there's 12 characters
in total to UM collect as well so the
first one is what's the first one gonna
be giving you a suspense oh my goodness
look at that that is so cute it's a
little minecraft zombie villager oh jeez
that is so cute look at that so the
first one is that zombie villager but
then second one does it tell you the
rarity sometimes it does it doesn't say
the rarities of them so zombie villager
was up first and this one is going to be
another brown bag so let's fix that
shall we it's gonna be alright shape
it's a red sheep or is that a pink sheep
it's a just a diet sheep look how
incredible that is oh my goodness that
looks so cute these are the tiniest
little creatures they're tinier than I
thought they were going to be but they
are absolutely epic here we go the next
one is it's a horse look this guy is so
funny so it is a white horse got little
block on his butt not sure why but check
him out it's a little eyes he's got like
all the muzzle and everything very very
nice indeed
well in the next little bag is open one
box number four can we get a different
one
yes we got a cat so this is Matt you
know this is a normal
cat I think anyway I'm pretty sure it is
cuz ocelots aren't yeah it's a cat
awesome
so that's so nice okay guys so for this
next bit I've just kind of cracked open
all the boxes already and just got these
brown packets to her
so snip opening sticks it'll save a lot
of time and there's less breaks in the
videos so what's this one gonna be it's
gonna be super cool already that's not a
good sign but it's another awesome
little zombie villager very very cool
indeed I like a little army of zombie
villages that would be really cool right
then so I think there's 12 in zones
without saying earlier I can see them
here oh no ha we got another duplicate
but another little cats maybe the top
row is all duplicates I already know
let's go open another one and what's it
gonna be this one's a horse yet they're
gonna be like that aren't they they're
gonna be like a whole sets on the top of
each box is 3 4 8 12 I think that's
what's gonna happen here so we're gonna
get duplicates all day so we might have
end up with three of each would be
insane
there we go look predicted it we've got
another little dyed sheep so if I
predicted it correctly this next one oh
wait I don't know what these next ones
are gonna be these ones are gonna be new
ones so let's cut these ones open
and it's another cat's another cat
another one so we've got three cats in
total two zombie villages two sheep and
two horses I really want all 12 if I die
it's another zombie villager mind you I
did say I wouldn't mind an army of
zombie villagers so I guess I'm and get
him what I asked for another died sheep
as well dude these duplicates though
final one from the top row what's it
gonna be please be something new it's a
horse and another horse what is going on
here
Brandon guys I pre-cut all these ones to
save time so let's start with this one
ah look at this guy so Q is a little
iron golem very very cool indeed
so I wondering this one whether we'll
get
four of the same types but in triples
this one are the other type of column
it's a snow golem it's got a little
pumpkin his head he's got little sticks
for arms and if you can see that look at
that that's so cute
oh geez so we might get some more snow
golems an iron garland Oh anyone anyone
anyone we've got a cow as well so you've
got like a 3d snout he's got really cool
horns going on very cool indeed what's
this one gonna be
it's another cow so I think we might get
three cows three snow golems three iron
golems and whatever the other one is yep
there we go another iron golem there
must be one more type of the little
figures here and there is there look
a golden Steve that is absolutely
awesome look at that he's shiny he's
gold he's actually shiny all over his
well he's got his own little sword as
well very cool indeed hopefully we get
three of those and this sounds like a
super rare one I know that cows we've
got three cows in total now we're just
waiting for another iron golem there we
go
we had you gotta be this pack there we
got another iron golem but snow golems
and if I wouldn't take any more gold in
Steve's no we've got another snow golem
here so I wonder if there are any more
golden Steve's around another snowball
and that must make three I thought we
had four then now that's three if these
are yes it is look so Colin Steve with
this amazing shiny armor and this one if
I guess correctly is gonna be another
golden Steve yes so we do get four
different types of duplicated three
times which means that these should
house the last four in multiples there's
only one layer left and there are guys
the last of brown of bags I'm gonna snip
all these ones this time on camera just
to save a little bit of time what's this
one he should be new ones there we go
look normal Steve so he's holding an
iron pickaxe and is looking at slightly
dirty but slightly cool as Steve usually
does so he can go with my golden Steve
so we've got a Steve now we should get I
think we've got three more to get now if
we get three more there we go there's
another one of them a nice little
skeleton look at his face ah the bow is
really really cute as well
I love these they're kind of like rubber
as well so they're rather than solid
plastic they're nice and rubber which
means they're durable and won't get like
chewed or whatever if you have dogs and
they won't get they work they don't
won't break too easy
oh yes the perfect one I love this one
look it's a little Enderman I love this
one because he's holding a block a tiny
little block so we need just one more to
complete our collection and I think I
think it is the creeper so where's the
creeper at oh this one's another
skeleton there we go another little look
at the skeleton there what else have we
got so we need one more creeper and then
I'm guessing we get three more of each
Oh a bit yes yes it's the creeper look
at this guy called toes and everything
so so cute so if I'm guessing correctly
we should get duplicates another
Enderman so we're gonna have three of
each at the end of this which is gonna
be so awesome because I do like these
figures and I think I'm gonna try and
like get that other as another Steve
though as I'm pickaxe looking happy and
derpy I'm gonna think I'm gonna get that
thing where you can like papercraft the
blocks icon of what it's called now then
you can make like a little scene with
all these guys be very cool indeed
third Enderman in there which is very
cool I can't remember which ones we've
got to see now I think another creeper
or another Steve that makes our third
Steve there we go
this one is what is this one another
creeper and I think that's our second
creeper so would you one more creeper
and one of something else what's the
other one we got in this I can't
remember another skeleton there we go so
if I've worked this out this should be
our third creeper is it is it it yeah it
is and there we go guys the box is empty
and the collection is complete
and there you have it those are the
minifigures so if you get a whole box
you get duplicates you get three of each
one in the sets my favorite ones
personally are the golden Steve you can
see right here and the Enderman they
need to add a little villager in it what
do you think guys they definitely need
to add a little village of it this is
just series one I think they're gonna do
more of them if they haven't done so
already and comment down below which one
was your favorite little minifigure I
love these longer permit little seen in
my office when it's completely done
hopefully this weekend and if you
enjoyed this unboxing then please leave
a big fat thumbs up that would be
greatly appreciated and also this
happens to be the first video you see
probably then please do subscribe and
join team TDM today on the more TDM
channel for more videos so again thank
you for watching and I'll see you guys
in the next video bye
