what's up guys it's time to go to a
Pokemon tone moon I have running 20
minutes late
awesome so let's go pick up my brother
and then we'll set off into the distance
ready guys I made it how you feeling
it's windy and it's raining it's that
annoying rain that like gets you wet
almost but anyway well you'll probably
see next is like a montage eating of the
event because it's gonna be pretty loud
and pretty busy so you'll see it in
there what's just look what's just like
do it do it right now and hopefully I
win and you come second
no yeah all the other way around
whichever one it should be good anyway
so we'll see you in there
and you've just seen the shortest
montage ever because willing to play in
the whole time so it's kind of hard to
get footage of people playing when
you're playing at the same time if if
that makes sense because like you can't
spy on other people's games or anything
because this snorting but anyway how did
you did you better me so I I want free
not I want for technically and lost free
thank you I won three technically all of
them I beat them at this so dark in here
so you won three drew one and lost three
way I think that you probably can't see
anything right now by the way but we're
gonna get a car and we're gonna head
home because it's called right now and
it's actually finished it do some time
usually pokemons one of its finisher
like maybe eight nine and then they go
on if you make like the top part you
make it until like 1:00 a.m. which is
ridiculous so let's get home some hungry
as well hungry mean guys Ryan's going
now say bye did you have a good time I
normally play you and yeah I think it's
a beat today but no we played a few
games yesterday that we played that
sleeps like all of our practice was
yesterday so we decided we're gonna go
to a few more and actually like try this
time yeah
because you weren't fully trying today
that's what we that's what we're gonna
say anyway so see you later
ah definitely too much thinking went on
today I've just been in the wall it's
big what happened I got home and then
what I even do to the car away and then
gem sister was over
just kind of watch them the rest of
walking dead for a bit because there are
no kind of marathon they went from
series so is one will go out to series
four and they're almost finished and
then jump started watch an attack on
Titan I know before that I made this
which is the remains of a pasta bake
which is one of the best ones that ever
created I was starving after all that
thinking today and then gem start
watching second time which I showed you
a while ago because we bought it because
we've had good feelings and German seems
to think it's good right now so I
probably needs to start watching again
because I fell asleep multiple times
because I'm so tired like too much pinky
a cross driving and concentrating and my
brains just had enough for today so I
was powering up it night that she woke
up like and got woke up about four or
five times and every time someone was
getting eaten so but he's like massive
naked Giants it was really weird really
weird so Annie took that from the
beginning again I'm not sure how much
she watched you might watch like an
hour's work I'm not sure anyway the plan
now is to locate a snack and I think we
just have a look in this case he got not
much in weight no no no way no much in
there I don't think much in the fridge
Eva now plan for tomorrow is I've
actually done my videos for tomorrow
already which is definitely a first for
a while which means the I'm having a day
off and gentlement day off as well so
I'm looking after the pubs all day and
not making videos and gentle be doing
whatever she feels like because she
spent most of her time looking after the
pots anyway so we both have days off
which is a win-win for all of us now I
have got a lot of this now I did set a
healthier and I did cook myself a pasta
bake which was pretty good of me and I
think what should I eat my own up these
biscuits we've got there you know it
cats
I don't know and someone is watching my
video
wait a sec what
I've heard my voice blast out of the
living room TV hey what's going on
look I caught you yeah I caught you
it's the trampoline challenge the me and
trailers did it's pretty good one it's
pretty good one of my favorite
challenges so far I think even though
I've only done two so I've already got
some plants and new challenges and it's
gonna be my favorite series I think I
think it is anyway my students are
starting the snack or I'm gonna have the
Dynamo as we all the time I'm ready so
we all right now I think I'm just gonna
have some biscuits oh there's some
behind this there's some white chocolate
fingers are they open or they not open I
think I'm gonna have those skills twine
excuse me Christmas then we have some
buddies let's do it let's do it the
treat but first he's finished making the
tea and then chill out a little moist
Carly 20 past 11:00 and because I've had
a little bit of nap and finger a little
bit awake so I need to do something
before we go bed early is he a bedtime
is it bedtime little one she's
definitely yeah she's bedtime he's
Potamus go and that's a sad thing to
happen today guys all the Christmas
decorations came down apart from the
Christmas tree so we need it out
tomorrow great crop stairs ready let's
go there we go the boughs are off to bed
in the oh no oh no that's a bad idea
girls go ahead make her pesky oh no
thinking about me oh I couldn't even see
the middie go up there though so I'm
gonna start off with today
ah most business saying oh yeah don't
smoke yeah I'm still pretty tired the
power naps help though sometimes women
girls get to sleep straight away but
that's what smart phones before I guess
so so um I'm gonna sign up today thanks
so much for watching guys we did enjoy a
plea to your big fat thumbs up and I
will see you guys from my day off
tomorrow
