how're you doing I'm just popping
upstairs a sec how's your 2015 going so
far it will be the second when you watch
this but it's New Year's Day today and
today is my mum's
husband's my stepdad should have say
that soon that stepdads a birthday so
we're gonna go out for a meal in about
three hours so that makes it about 4
p.m. but that's actually really good for
me because that means that I've done a
lot today I've done literally a ton of
stuff I've done four videos maybe four
maybe three I've done one for today no
way I did that yesterday so I've done
two for today
one of the main channel one on the other
channel just like thank you video is
kind of like this will sit on pug hair
on the camera amazing also done one for
tomorrow that makes three
one per Saturday is not done yet but two
Sunday that makes five five videos dude
that's really really good
and that means I got Saturday and Sunday
off which is good because sidon going
somewhere and Sunday I just wanted a
basically so what I'm gonna do now is
I'm hungry already so I got like a pre
meal snack now I just need to edit these
videos for the main channel and the
other channel just like thank you blogs
I was just talking about but I haven't
eaten while is gonna eat yesterday which
of these honeycomb and white chocolate
cookies I'm going to grab these grab me
out phones and get this blog edited oh
oh doing my almost fell off I did you
know what I made it so sunday should be
a good day for videos I've been juicing
them all as well which is really good so
I need to do is one challenge video cuz
that day and then I'm done for the
weekends I'm sorry about this meal now
because I'm super hungry I love my food
how are you doing pogies how you how's
your new year chin you they don't care
because there's cookies there look at
them absolute watches why would you do
that early why is it because you can't
have them
you're a vulture an absolute vulture
what's your sister doing oh you're gonna
join in look at these guys
terrible all right guys the my mom's now
because they're out for the meal tonight
because it's a secret dinner so I've
come to feed this bad boy this is max he
is an english bull terrier and he's
awesome his knee and now and no and he
is super hungry but compared to the pugs
he's absolutely huge anyone sees dinner
so I want to give it to him well this
actually smells gross max I do not know
how you eat his body but what it stinks
so bad if you just think like the size
of the meals that we give Darcy Nelly is
like that's more like a week's worth of
dinner for them are you ready are you
ready will you wait for it though I
don't know if he waits through I'm
already sure what he does max wait
sit good boy good boy oh there we go
he's eating it well I did my job so any
Q I think you guys he's absolutely huge
though like in comparison to Ellie and
Darcy he's a monster I wish I could
compare I like what he's done eating I
might come like go next to him and show
you the size of him
he's absolutely huge but we got him or
mum got him before I even moved out so
they've had him for a long long time
they rescued him as well which was nice
of them because they went to a shelter
and got him I think he's pretty old now
though which is a little bit upsetting
but um it's still going strong he's
eating like a champ oh jeez absolutely
crazy but he's an awesome dog guys I've
just spotted some treats look they I
think it's that gingerbread
I think that's gingerbread I might I
might Nick's on it's not gonna be bad
they look so good doll I'm hungry what
even is this it's got a chocolate on the
bottom and it's shiny on the top let's
see what it is I finished gingerbread
yeah oh yeah jackpot
nice good Maxie how you do but he was
that nice max come here come here hey
look this is how big he is guys whoa oh
geez you just got dog food on my face
oh man look how big he is No ah miss you
max haven't seen you in so long I saw
him yesterday but before that I'll see
you in a jizz in a long long time I
always hear when we first brought you
home
little guy they took a big guy he's a
beaut look at him I didn't need to take
him outside now though he's cute little
house guys it's like kind of like I
don't even know what's it called like a
kennel or like a proper kennel it's
really cool right there max I'm gonna
have to bid you a farewell now see you
later buddy
see you later hey max I need you to go
back in there please cuz you're not
allowed in here by yourself you can't
are you gonna listen to me excuse me
he's he gonna chew by the way he's not
acting very very weird max and huge
critical job a cheap least he says no he
says are you kidding me
are you done oh okay it's proper mad I
think I think he's got it stuck on one
of his teeth right max let's go bye max
one punch long time no see
welcome back to the garden so apologies
for not doing a video yesterday because
I am currently trying to get the weekend
off which is hard when you do three
videos a day so true on the main channel
one on this channel as well and I
literally went out for my stepdads
birthday yesterday and I forgot to take
my camera I know I know I need to attach
it to myself and each have like two
cameras one I take with me one night I
leave in the house I got in the car and
I got half way that was like my camera
and then I couldn't film anything so I
was like fantastic done a good job
you've got no video now but anyway
wasn't gonna talk about I can't remember
oh yeah my giveaway I did a giveaway on
my main channel giving away 10 minecraft
PC codes having a fantastic 2014 and I'm
giving away 10 and all you have to do is
favorite sweet and then I loaded up my
Twitter yesterday after because I did it
before we went out had no signal when we
went out and then got home check my
Twitter in those 23,000 favourites I was
like oh my god my stuff barely even gets
like maybe to two hundred favorites or
something like that but you smashed it
absolutely destroyed it my followers
went crazy as well so I'm definitely
gonna have to do another giveaway at
some point and after think of what to
get because I know so many of you are
gonna miss out on this one but I hope
this is going crazy so I've set the
standard on this one that would
definitely be doing more giveaways guys
and that's because of your amazing
response oh thanks for that I also got
me air cut up which you can't see right
now so I'll show that when we get in and
today as you can see obviously it's dark
I'm recording at about half 6 cuz
tomorrow we're going to a Pokemon
tournament which sounds weird but I play
the Pokemon Trading Card Game and my
brother's going to come round so we can
sort our cards out and stuff so I'm
gonna vlog a bit of that too because
there's probably really nerdy and and
something that I'll need to explain but
um girl jeans go to toilet first it's
actually warming up still cold but um
these girls need to go come on it's
actually a lie discord are you
these guys are absolute nutters and you
crazy no math words would it be they're
just running around like man
but it did go in the end don't look at
this do not look at this do not look at
that you never saw that okay you never
saw it so I'm gonna make a tea now
because I probably had like two today
just mad because I've been making Oh too
many videos all I did was run outside
and I filled out a breath oh it's 7:00
on the dot Sony's put up today's first
video which is a a weird pizza game I
think he's a delivery game bit crazy but
it was fun so and it's free of course so
I think I've got can you see that like a
baby bear power to bed so annoying mum
yeah play the piece of game and then def
run is the second video of today and
that's what I've just got Gemma playing
as well just wanted to play some some
mini games online so I said because it's
actually fun as well this bad boy I'll
have a tea and then I guess I need some
equipment stuff because we're traveling
to a different place to work it's about
one hour away and I need to go back to
my brothers as well as he lives away but
it's on the way well little bit out of
the way so we're gonna go straight there
but going like for a detour and then
straight there so we need to get our
stuff ready to find out what you need to
pick up and get all our cards together
I'll show you and for some of you it
might be a right old nostalgic trip
right and I'm just going into my office
to have a look at my pokemon cards
because since we came here I'm actually
we moved into the last house and then
all my videos finished uploading that
reminds me I haven't even done it yet
and even done it what's wrong with me
it's going to my video manager and I
need to go on world's fastest Pete so
that's what it called that's what it's
called and as if by magic here it is
there's me on the screen how strange I
recorded that one this morning actually
because I decided to put a second video
up for today and there's a little kind
of preview for you at you'll be seeing
this just before actually this goes up
this is the trampoline challenge this
one's a good one it took me so long to
create this one with the challenges they
don't take too long to record because we
just do the challenge means
and but the the actual creation of the
Colosseum and all the stuff like that
takes ages anyway I'm getting distracted
and it seems like you love the previous
one by the way it's it's like 1.3
million views in four days but nuts a
bit nuts so thank you guys for that so
we're now coming into this area here
which is going to be my office now isn't
my office at the moment because you'll
see in a moment let me just turn the
light on it's not what I showed you this
before I was showing you this section
before but you're about to see it it
looks absolutely mess but you ready here
it is this is going to be my brand's new
office there's flat-packed EDM down
there there's a sink here randomly and
there's a Twitter through this door here
and this also goes down into the garage
which is a little bit strange but we had
new lights put in as you can see I still
need to UM pain this but it looks like
the ceiling is falling through it hasn't
though that was supposed to be always in
this you know but what I'm saying was
this is going to be changed on Saturday
next weekend hopefully I'll have my
brand new office I can't wait because
what's going to happen is basically
here's the plan so I'll tell you the
plans so that you can compare it with a
finished product so there's going to be
a desk all the way on the back here and
then it's going to be one that juts out
here so that I've got lots of storage
because obviously the screens and stuff
and my lights my phone under there so
I'll probably sit this side I would have
thought with my back to the garagem I
have adjusted our piece of desk here and
it's gonna be swiggy swag I think and
we're gonna have like loads of shelves
along here so I could put on my
minecraft stuff in there
and then this room will then become like
a wall not a tip like it is right now
it'll become like just a chilling out
room with the sofa and a TV and stuff
like that so just chill out play some
games in there maybe even record my
console games in there and stuff not too
sure but one of the reasons that that
way it's gonna buy a lot of new screens
and computery stops to go in here or
maybe a new chair definitely new
monitors which is why I'm really excited
about someone it's commuting a really
old kind of X TV monitor I haven't
changed myself
a long long time apart from what's in
the computer but anyway I got very very
distracted I'm looking out on my toe my
toe my toe
I'm looking for I think it's it this
guy's the Pokemon box check it out I
need to say this bad boy downstairs but
it's heavy let's do it
guys were playing Pokemon my brother has
arrived wave
it's my bro it's my bro and check it out
I won't even bother explaining what's
going on here I'll explain what's going
on here though this so basically when
you play in a Pokemon solid you have to
have like all the cards obviously and
because really if you decide to go to
this twenty moon when we decided like
three days ago so we have that type and
we haven't played for ages or collected
the cards for like two sets so we had
nothing and we're getting them tomorrow
from people that we know so we decided
to draw them instead so this was like a
it's a frog but when seismitoad for
those of you didn't know it got some of
the real ones we've got that one frogs
dumpster ax but we've got most of the
cards are just gonna get most of them
tomorrow the ones that we're missing
anyway for this one this isn't even
supposed to be there that is a shiny
mega kangaskhan e^x oh it's acting like
something else which has a lot less
about you so we're playing some Pokemon
it's literally like mayhem on this table
and behind me you can probably see that
as well but we're practicing for torment
smoke because we haven't played well I
haven't played for if you like six
months maybe properly we seem to
remember it though pretty well and it's
good alright it's going away I've won a
few already
Sukumar work it's amazing absolutely
amazing come make a tongue burn make a
turn I'm gonna slap you with a bright
garden okay
walk in 140 damage that probably means
nothing to most of you but it's a good
game you should let me check it out
there's a way that you can play online
as well if you go on to the if you just
search Pokemon Trading Card Game online
you can't you put online which is really
fun and you can learn the rules but I
guess it's probably one of the least
complex
car games but it's super fun super fun
Biscotti's testing finished by looking
at pictures of flowers but then the mess
has been cleared up pretty well actually
to be fair it's all in that box down
there so gonna grab this laptop here cuz
I need to edit in bed cuz I can't upload
this tomorrow so I'm gonna upload it
overnight and I think I'm pretty much
done
where's my coming here for oh yeah my
headphones i'ma grab these and the girls
have been wanting to go out for a long
long time so when I say invited to Ryan
so what smells green here sounds really
good so thank you so much watching guys
you'd enjoy it please leave a like X etc
and it will be going to this tournament
tomorrow hookup at 8 a.m. which is in 7
hours so that's gonna be mad Righton
girls you ready to go upstairs
what about beds well she really wants to
go to bed she usually like person look
at her she's dancing around just let me
up I'll let you up coming in let's set
you up before we say bye to the guys
shall we yeah you ready you ready let's
go let's go
don't be scared you can go up we silly
gone in I'll see you there
Darcy Darcy where are you
nothing it's affecting you actually
Darcy oh there you are
you can come upstairs you're coming with
me come on in let's go let's go Darcy I
don't hear later guys
have a good night I'll see you tomorrow
