regards it's not your it watches no more
than allies it's uh about one in the
opportunities can ensure that they say
because I don't need scarf or do videos
I could do whatever I need to do
tomorrow's videos but I could do that
whatever time I kind of explained that
before but look how frosty is it looks
like it's snowed but it hasn't we just
start taking it on trouble because we
are going to wear them out before we go
shopping there's gonna be super fun and
it looks weird like there's no as you
take them out for a walk in the evening
it's a really nice date ok the sky is so
blue days it's really really real and
then Eddie's like slipping on the ice
and it's all magical and Christmassy
still whoa
none of them have seen it before said
he's been with us for a year mr. Dorfman
seen snow even though it's had over two
Christmases and Darcy's never seen snow
before Eva
of course if they've had to snow we're
gonna get these guys home super dark now
so I may or may not have a confession
well I do have a confession so I took my
camera to shop in but then it was so
busy like this I've never seen like the
time we went to so busy even when we
went Christmas shopping went to the same
town but Christmas shopping
good girl Ellie good girl and yeah I
forgot I was gonna say and it's never
been a wasn't even busy where he went
Christmas shopping this was like ten
times as busy as I went to Christmas
shopping so we actually just went in
went out and I'm gonna show you the
stuff that we got we got some cool stuff
and we quickly pop the Tesco's as well
to grab some booties and I will show you
what we bought so I still need to record
a video for tomorrow just I'm still a
day ahead because that'll be awesome
we've had your puppy class today as well
which I completely forgot about so
that's kind of cool and we need to do
that too so girls you done you done out
here it's it's dark now so apologies
don't get anything more without because
it was just it's perfect rate it was
just so so busy was literally like
shoulder to shoulder the whole time so
yeah let's get inside alright so
slippery out here it kind of all melts
and then it gets worse because it freeze
it again
well I'll show you what we've got into B
so what are the products I bought today
is is a weird one but I'm hoping it's
very very good
so it's this chocolate chocolate tea it
sounds extremely strange and I smell the
tea bag which sounds a little bit weird
but I smelt it and it does a smaller
chocolate but when I'm smelling this it
smells a little bit odd not like
chocolate more like chocolate that has
been there for about two months and you
haven't eaten it yet so I'm a little bit
dubious now I haven't got sugar in it
yet
but I'm gonna try it hopefully it's the
best thing ever because I've got I've
got 50 of them that there's 50 teabags
in this and let's hope that it's nice
I'm gonna try it now here we go guys I'm
gonna try the tea it looks like tea it
don't smell like to you though and that
I don't really like to smell so try it
it's not bad I don't taste like Tito it
tastes like it feels like a weak hot
chocolate I'm not sure about this that's
what guys it's not good it's not good
all right the first one the first like
mouth I was like yeah this can be okay I
took like five more mouths office let
five four I hope you said five more
mouth mouthfuls why are they gonna say
that five more mouthfuls and it just
ain't good so get outta here chocolatey
following any food and chocolate I'm
gonna have a hot chocolate so I'm going
to make a new tea now ah the struggles
the struggle is but we wasn't dinner as
well I'm having this have a mushroom
tagliatelle and beef lasagna so I can
say that word I can't say a normal word
can i and then I need to go through what
we bought I'm not shopping and I only
got this is this is a weak performance
from us look free bags that's a really
weak performance really weak but as I
mentioned super busy
like really really busy so I think we
spend a bit only if the dogs are too
long after like
but I travel time into the time that
we've left them because we leave them as
soon as we leave the house obviously
obvious obvious statement but um it took
us 40 minutes to get there and usually
own cases about 20 because it was so
busy I drove around this car park for
literally like 20 minutes because it was
so busy and that killed a lot of time so
we only had a an hour and a bit to
actually shot because we had something
to eat as well but yeah I'll show you
what we got I'm gonna get out now so
here's some of the stuff well there's
all the stuff that I got the main thing
I wanted to get was a pair of black
jeans and a white shirt so I got me a
white shirt I started try it on yet but
it looks pretty nice and it feels pretty
good as well some more black jeans can
only have one pair so I've got some more
as well and about to go that too and
some new shoes so I've got black version
of these but I've got um brown ones I
don't know if you could tell if that's
Brown or not it doesn't look too Brown
on the camera but got some brown ones
instead what as well as my black ones
because I like these shoes and we've got
these we've got attack on Titan blu-rays
because I've heard really really good
things about this and we love stuff like
Death Note and that so we bought both
which is episodes well this is the
second one and the red one is the first
one it's part 1 episode 113 and then
part two episodes 1425 so we should have
the whole whole thing I think anyway if
not we'll find out very very quickly but
apparently it's quite yep on the back it
says strong bloody violence so
apparently it's quite violent but I've
heard real good things about it so we
might watch some of that today but we've
got to eat dinner I just record a video
and whilst we need to do oh go to public
glass as well to bring us up to 9:00
p.m. so I think we might be able to to
watch a couple maybe anyway but I'm
looking forward to it because apparently
it's awesome and I've done a mod review
on the like the thing that he's wearing
just there you see it just there on the
bottom there it's like a almost like a
sling web-slinging kind of thing that
attaches to his belt so those things we
wore and it was a poor show but I'm
pleased the fingers I bought guys are so
snippy outside watch this I'm gonna try
it I Drive from Goa for like
oh I guess it'll be super fun hey dusty
did you see that did you see that it
I'll see if I record my feet ready look
but it's so slippy let me try it again
I'm gonna try it better this time buddy
that was it was terrible it's so sleepy
out here but like I said only a segment
melting and then refreezing again so
it's like super slippy and then the
whole grass is literally like white kind
of like it was this morning see this
morning yeah I think it was it stays
been super long Darcy really really done
well then you need to go for your
toilets and then then we'll go to bed I
guess I'm a thing gonna watch a couple
things in bed I'm not too sure though oh
it's Hoppus 11 that's early for us Wow
might actually get a little bit more
sleep than usual which is cool I kind of
forgot to upload a video to Facebook
today as well it's kind of annoying but
um I just have to live with that for now
until one smokes I didn't even render a
clip I don't think but I bloated worms
today and I hope that you guys enjoyed
that it seems like you did so that is
really really good I'm always I'm really
really enjoying playing other games on
the channel as well I think Darcy's got
a girl see you guys decide did you see
that I don't know I turned off the door
was so I'm gonna go and check and that
is pretty much gonna end up today's vlog
because it's oh look at that look like
that look like that so bang on midnight
you know that means we're always not bad
when it's like one minute - one minute -
give me that so that means it's one
minute to that the end of 2014
always messed up yeah it's almost the
end of 2014
how crazy is that it means that tomorrow
is New Year's Eve and that blows my mind
it's gonna be in one day's time 2050
which we're going to get used to say
writing and typing I guess it's pretty
crazy and 2014 has been
certainly insane year for me and yes I
can't believe it's coming around so fast
this year is literally shot by and I'm
excited for whatever that 2015 is gonna
bring but anyway I'll save that for
tomorrow and the next day but should we
also have thermal image check all the
plugs turned off as well because that's
a pet peeve of mine so I'm gonna see you
guys in the next video tomorrow's New
Year's Eve should be awesome so I hope
you because you'll be seeing this on New
Year's Eve so hope you have a great day
tomorrow and enjoy your last day of 2014
so I will see you guys at the next video
