so I think I always start a vlog walking
into the kitchen
that's probably I'm gonna make a tea but
I wanted to show something as well the
Sun setting like in winter are
incredible words that focus focus look
at that it's crazy that the sky is so
blue that's looks really really nice so
nice even right then let's make this Chi
I am I bought that a while ago but what
guess what we're doing guys yes yes yep
we're watching The Apprentice again
rogem start watching another season
because I'm making videos you can't
watch the rest of the other season
because we've got two episodes left on
it and I want to see it too so sort of
us watching it twice because they're
like hour-long episodes she start
watching another season which is cool
and whoa whoa look at the flame on that
that candle is literally like jumping
out the glass
oh man that's huge Yankee Candles almost
done but um today I made three yep yep
three videos I made today's first
Colosseum video which I'm really excited
to upload because I think it turned out
really really well and his head floating
him in front of my face why is it doing
that Betty okay I'm really excited to
upload that because I think it came out
really really well it's funny and I need
to come up with some more challenges as
well because it's a really cool map and
I'm glad that the people that made it
done such a good job on it they we
already did I also made a hot chocolate
earlier but picture up on instagrams
we're going to see that but in rocket
because I've got that ready where else
we doing we still have loads of food
left over from Christmas silver all this
and still got the turkey over there so I
might um throw that away two days I
don't think that's going to be edible
anymore and it's on really really cold
days there's that sunset again the cadet
course the top it just looks so nice
especially when the trees called
silhouette II like that um I just edited
my other vlog for today which is
tomorrow few guys no no for today which
is for today so yesterday you
and it was a good one as it happened how
to put it where where Gemma scared me
and I literally make the the girliest
scream ever it's pretty embarrassing but
I could upload it and see what you guys
think I'm sure you guys will absolutely
love it if it's oh I'm gonna make this
tea I'm gonna watch more TV
I'll see what shenanigans we get up to
later alright guys I'm afraid I need to
murder this reindeer it's actually rock
solid so I'm not sure how I'm gonna do
it maybe who know I'm squeezing that so
hard oh my goodness how I'm gonna kill
this guy is he got a name I thought you
had to name this but I could name tag on
it that's cute
it's what I got for Christmas but I want
to I want to eat it but I'm not sure how
good it's so so tough to kill oh I just
heard it crack but you're gonna crack
he's gonna break how are you not
breaking kyudo reindeer Wow diet ong die
oh there we go it's dead it's squished
oh yeah that's definitely questioning
dead look at it it's poking out of the
pan that was so difficult for this guys
so if you can hear me but those are some
sizzling sizzling steaks and that's what
we are eating today so I need to flip
these intersect and I'll show you me
doing that and these are nice steaks
throw that finish state which is the I
think it's the most expensive card maybe
you can get but we love steak so we
thought we'd go a little bit um a little
bit over the top
I guess for our statement this stuff set
that stuck to the pan a rubbing oil and
everything that still stuck to the pan
all away oh somehow let's watch it Oh
still thinking there we go that might be
a little bit burn oh well it will deal
with that Wow
I eat proper massage these of oil and I
still getting stuff but I think that
should be okay they're quite small
actually they shrunk a little bit let me
just see them on this side and then we
should be good hopefully I haven't
ruined them because it's like I just
said they're the expensive part of me so
I was there okay
yeah but what but we've been watching
apprentice again what's new really
watching loads of apprentice who
finished up one season so in like a week
I guess to finish off three seasons of
apprentice which is quite impressive and
tell you doing Huggies they can they can
smell the state can't you guys smell a
steak they proper match this kitchen and
I think they're really really tight with
them running around loons I offer that
each other's stuff basically so I never
want to grab something the other one
wants it and they just got absolutely
crazy
um what they're gonna say oh yeah I put
up my challenge video now which is the
flying villages challenge I mentioned
earlier I might've done but uh it's that
video and I haven't checked how what
it's doing yet it's not even up for 20
minutes but um I'll check out if that's
doing or how about it you never know you
never know but I think it turned out
pretty well so I hope you guys enjoy it
now I'm gonna move these for another
I think I should be done done and now
they should cook as normal let's hope so
anyway
let's hope so and the dogs are like no
you do differently some reason two
different times a little bit colder
we're not cold up it's like on the
lowest heat so it should cook them
through and hopefully it goes okay Ellie
what do you think what do you think what
do you think she's gone
she's going she's gone and that ends a
very successful productive and
successful day so tomorrow we're going
to go shopping I think we're going to
leave the punks for a little bit and go
shopping which should be super fun
because I would say ramen shopping in a
while but when shopping before Christmas
but I guess that was rather people
technically even though I do buy stuff
for myself as you would expect but on
tomorrow it's gonna be a shopping day
which is going to be super fun I'm
looking forward to that definitely I
wanna get myself some new clothes as
usual and maybe some other bits as well
and there should be like tons of sales
on as well so that should be good so um
basically I got tons of stuff done today
I got a total of if you count a vlog as
well four videos done today which is a
lot because I got a challenge video done
which means I built here I'd already had
it built but I set that up and recorded
it edited it all that good stuff and
then I've got two more ready for
tomorrow so I'll actually got a worm's
video which is going to be up while
you're watching this it might be up in
an hour or so not too sure but keep
checking the main channel all go and
subscribe too if you haven't already
check out the worms video pixel one is
also going up when you're watching this
as well it should be cold and then I'm
going to try and record some tomorrow as
well as we can keep a day ahead because
I'm doing some cool stuff at the weekend
too so I'm going to end out this vlog
not sure how much I vlog today I think
most of it's about food because usually
what I do on a standard day or drop my
phone why don't and a day of a recording
is record eat edits eat render eat and
that's pretty much it then now sleep so
that's pretty much what I do on a normal
day I'm sure you've gathered that by now
so thank you so much watching if you did
enjoy him please to be a big fat thumbs
up they'll be awesome and I'll be taking
you guys on my shopping trip tomorrow
and
and I'll remember this time because this
camera has been charged today I won't
forget it I promise so thanks so much
for watching I'll see you guys next time
bye
