what's good everybody how you doing I
for a vlog this one even though I look a
tragic mess because I'm making the best
breakfast ever so I've got an egg here
take it in these beautiful pans that I
showed you a long time ago
need to pop down some toast as well and
then I've got my beans ready in here so
I need to prepare this pretty quickly
oh it's a bit um I would have turkey
with is one sit still loads under here
sits with pikas loads and then there's
another one over here as well but um I
don't think it would go I don't think it
would go I need to get these eggs all
these pens and then put it all together
it's coming magical and now the final
ingredient must be added darbian so I
got my eggs there I just need to pour
these over and voila you have one of the
most perfect breakfast you will ever see
gap beans there we go it is complete
actually no it's not complete unless you
use this barbecue sauce I've got a
massive addiction barbecue sauce instead
of ketchup at the minute for some reason
I don't know why it just tastes real
good so I guess I'll see you guys in a
bit alright am time to get ready for the
day and start that off with a shower
also guys a little bit later now it is
the times that twenty past three which
is much better than this morning not or
is it only a few hours but we in n went
over to a park to meet up with Ellie's
brother
so we took Eddie and our service Mia's
brother little Dexter the pug and they
just have like a little playdate which
is kind of cool so now sort out some
cakes because I want to eat some cake so
we've got this cake right here just like
a gin no this this is the ginger cake
right here and this is Christmas cake
but you like fruitcake of loads of
marzipan on I absolutely love marzipan
I'll eat that just like by itself this
solder and as it's like company that
does chocolate bar but marzipan
so like that much literally just like a
block of marzipan in a bar covered in
chocolate so good so I just always have
some cake I'm hungry so I thought it was
a
good idea and then I'd make some videos
I still made them yet and I need to
because I was gonna be uploaded in time
right in diamond dimensions is rendering
it's almost halfway done because I've
been recording another video which is
this or involves all this stuff all this
minecraft stuff the gem got me for
Christmas and I mentioned it in a
Christmas vlog couple days ago that she
got me a lot and she did and I uploaded
a video it within yesterday now and if
you haven't seen that yet it's going to
be a Minecraft full video so I thought
I'd do a little spin on the traditional
haul videos under minecraft one which I
thought would awesome so hopefully that
comes out okay got my my little memory
card here to go and edit that now and
now be up yesterday when you're watching
this which is today in this video so
I'll leave a link in description below
for you to go and watch that but there's
there's so much there really is and now
I think I might as well a little bit of
food definitely a tea and edit this
video go out very very home there's not
very well I think it's safe to say that
this is one of the coldest nights so far
it's freezing and it's been cold like
all day like usually it warms up a
little bit but no it hasn't so um today
we've literally just for since I last
vlogs we even do do we even eat oh yeah
we ate we had pizza complete what the
vlog that what's wrong with me but we
had pizza and then we watched apprentice
like old apprentice episodes but like
wow this may be so we watched a lot so
we watched
yeah maybe four episodes or so now each
so we've really been binge watching that
program so that's what we've been doing
and I finished off my diamond dimensions
and stuff so that's all up ready to go
and you guys seem to really enjoy the
the Minecraft hold I did so I'm glad
that you did enjoy it we haven't seen it
let go and check it out it was
yesterday's video I'm going to end on
today's videos thank you so much
watching guys we did enjoy I can I will
see you guys in the next one
ah
