every one down here and welcome to
another vlog where today I thought I'd
do something a little bit different a
little bit different and I'm gonna be
doing a Minecraft haul now I've seen
loads of other youtubers do hauls before
mainly females but hey I thought I do
want I thought I'd do a gaming haul all
about Minecraft because that's what I
know what I love and Gemma got me an
absolute ton of minecraft stuff for
Christmas so this is not a sponsored
video at all it's literary all the stuff
that Gemma got you for Christmas which
is amazing so so let's begin now other
stuff I'm going to show you our actually
plushies so they bought out a whole ton
of Minecraft pledges I think they
started off with just like the creeper
and that was it but now they've got a
whole range of awesome awesome minecraft
plushies I'm gonna start with with this
guy here's the bats he looks his face
he's like I don't want to be here right
now but he's amazing I'd love to like
hang him from the ceiling or something
but he's absolutely incredibly looks
really really awesome so as you can see
on here it says series 2 so I think I
don't even know which ones were from
series 1 but we might found out in a
second but um yeah they're from jinx
they look amazing and just look at in oh
my god Ryan this next one is also a very
small plush but it's it's small and it's
cute and that's because it's a squid
it's the humble squid with with tons of
legs which looks amazing and it says
this one's actually from season 1 so
that is awesome but look at that face as
well so cute so derpy and the quality of
these brushes are seriously awesome I
think there are a little bit pricey
especially those of you in like the UK
anyway from where we got them from but
they are certainly worth it look at it
stand stand maybe not right let's have a
quick break in brushes to show you this
it's a wallet it's a wallet it's awesome
it's really really quite a chest themed
water which I've seen around a few
conventions and stuff but never actually
ball one so finally Jemma got women and
I'm absolutely I love it and even more
so because when you open it up like this
and chest like like this it just looks
awesome and then when you open it up on
the inside its got like a diamond door
pattern on the inside which of course
it's perfect for me I
just old man is got it all in the inside
as well look at that yes that looks
incredible diamond doors o is there any
diamonds actual diamonds in here not
many diamonds are going to go in here
but there's certainly ones to UM to look
at and and wish for I guess so
really cool wallet so now we're moving
on to some I'm gonna say medium sized
plushies we've got the squid and the bat
which are small ones but then we're
moving on to the big ones here this is
like these are the second largest but
then you go on to the big ones they're
huge but they're one in their boxes at
the moment because I don't know where to
put them Yanks my office is done in my
house but here is the zombie check this
guy out he's really really awesome and
he's gone it's actually quite a big let
me see if I get about his bar think I've
done him I think I've done it you know
what the Box actually looks pretty
awesome as well its got like a Minecraft
scene inside that looks really cool but
anyway here he is he's out his box and
the size I guess like this is him next
to me
who's kind of taller than my head and it
is quite thick as well which is awesome
looks very very Minecraft considering
its um plush the Yukon remakes square
they've done a pretty good job and it
just looks incredible up the hair on him
never know his song bees having hair
before but it looks like he has got a
rocking rocking haircut right now and I
really really love it I'm really doing
it it's super psyched hmm okay I decided
to take the rest out of their boxes and
next up is this skele bone this one
looks awesome
they all do they all look incredible and
I haven't seen them out of their boxes
until now and they look even more like
amazing now but check this out but very
thin arms and he's got the old hip bones
going on shake dem yips shake dem and
we've also got the inner classic
skeleton look basically having a really
good job without having like holes
inside the skeleton because obviously is
full of bones but the pattern and
everything really gives that effect as
well as the shape of the plush and it's
a skeleton a beautiful skeleton another
one up now which isn't a plush and we
have got a Minecraft Lego set and I have
two of these already I have the villages
which I've opened on my main channel so
I'll leave a link in the description
below to that and the we'll see over one
the nether one which I haven't made yet
and now I've got the
and one and apparently I think anyway
this one is super hard to find but it's
got Enderman it's got the ender dragon
and these things take a long time to
create I made one for a video unless you
took me like an hour and a half and
they're literally the size of this box
when you're done but check it out
they've got like four Enderman in the
whole thing just looks incredible
I can't wait to build it okay this one's
got really thick tags on so I'm not
going to take out of the box but we're
moving on to we're moving on to the
bigger ones now they're going in size
order so I've got two more after this
one which are huge but this one is the
spider look at his spider e spider guys
I'll add some other shots of this when I
take him out of the box to shoot and
show them but it is so soft he really is
I hate spiders but this guy is probably
my favorite spider out there he's so so
soft
he really really is and he's got at
least little scary face on he's got his
eight legs he's a beautiful color and I
just think that all of these blushes did
blow my mind they're really really cool
so this is the second-to-last
minecrafter plush and we've got three
items including this one left now this
one is big I'm not gonna take my ice box
even because I haven't got any scissors
to hand and I don't want to break him
but here we go it's it's a ghast wow
this just man it's it's so cool I think
one of the guards is one of my favorite
mobs even though they're super annoying
in the game but I absolutely love this
the only thing that we're making better
if if you squeezed it and I make a sound
that would be incredible but um I just
think that all these plushies are just
really well done with like the blocky
textures
you've got the crying going on you've
got the legs flapping at the bottom look
at this hello hello and it's huge look
this is it like level with me next to my
head it's bigger than my head and it
just looks awesome two items to go now
and this one is a little bit of a weird
one but it's a really really cool one so
this is what it is it is Minecraft
minifigures now if I open this actually
I'll show you the top first and I'll
zoom in on this bit so you can see that
you've got lots of different minifigures
here and they're tiny mini minecraft
things we've got zombie villagers Steve
snow golems
salats horses sheep iron golems
everything and they all look cool and
they're in this big box because usually
you get them like this you open this pot
and this is the display that they have
in the shops but look how many are in
here Java actually bought me a whole
case of these guys so I hope that
there's one of each in here I really do
because look how many there are there's
on that one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten 11 12 three rows
down and that makes 36 boxes so I hope I
get all the figures to be honest because
there's it welded 12 in total so
hopefully and if you want to see me open
some of these in another video then
please do leave a like and a comment
down below so that I can know do you
want to see like a video of me unboxing
these cuz I can't wait to see them they
look super cute and finally we have the
big daddy of them all when I open this
my mind literally exploded it's the
biggest I don't know if it's the biggest
that I'd say was the biggest plush that
we've got it's and I've never seen it
before it's the end of Dragon I didn't
even know that these existed what do I
say to this I'll just let it speak for
itself it's huge so this is it next to
my face and it's like really tall as
well so that's the base p.m. - dragon
flipping over he's got all this spikes
he's got his very aggressive looking
eyes as well very very amazing I love
this and his wingspan as well it's huge
if I just hold him up by his wings look
how big that is I've never seen this
before my wife's when I opened it I was
absolutely blown away so these are gonna
make my new office which should be done
beginning of next year look so cool I
literally gonna walk into minecraft you
know I should do I should paint a nether
portal around the door that I I walk
through into my office maybe I'm getting
a little bit carried away but anyway I
hope you enjoyed this video it's a
little bit different than what I
normally do by hope that you enjoyed it
and also let me know if you want to see
me open those 36 little boxes of figures
by leaving a like and a comment and also
if you did enjoy this video please do
leave a like because that was fun I like
doing a haul I don't usually get lots of
Minecraft stuff
like that but this is a special occasion
so thank you guys for watching thanks to
jammer for buying me all this stuff for
Christmas is absolutely incredible I
don't know how many times I've said that
word in this video but it's probably a
lot so yeah thank you so much watching
if you enjoyed please do consider
subscribing
leave a like as always if you did enjoy
the video and I will see you guys in the
next video good bye yeah
