hey guys Christmas Eve
it's Christmas Eve yeah well when you're
watching this is Christmas teddy so
Merry Christmas I think I said that the
past five blocks but we just been to get
our food and in four is gonna take like
five minutes it took an hour - so busy
but check out all this food so all over
here I think we're cooking for 11 people
so yeah we've got a lot of food so this
is all the food for Christmas dinner
there's a lot and there's some for like
afters and stuff so you got like cakes
and brownies that have gold bits on you
can actually eat and then over here we
have some cupcakes some other stuff and
then all of this I think all of this is
buffet stuff so we've got this in the
evening and this for lunch and it's
going to be amazing and you want some
more stuff in the freezes so we've got
already tuck is removed the turkey has
been moved to here won't be starting to
defrost still pretty solid so that's a
turkey we've got nice big one in there
and the second one as well because like
I said there's going to be 11 people
here and now I'm doing is I'm cutting
off these instructions from the boxes so
that I know what I'm doing tomorrow and
I'm excited you excited I'm excited I've
got lots of them I got some wrapping to
do for some cards to write lots of stuff
to do today and I've got make two videos
for today and a video for tomorrow as
well which is gonna be crazy
so today and we're going out as well I
like 7:00 so man it's gonna be a busy
busy day today is so hectic so mad it is
currently twenty five to six I've only
just finished the first Christmas Tony -
tomorrow's which is the big finale it's
oh I need the directs it's going to be
good and I'm bit worried about these tur
kirino's because they're not defrosting
as quickly as I thought they would
oh dear I might have to put them in like
warm water for a bit I'm going to do
that on later tonight but I need to edit
today's vlog need to put my password in
but you're not seeing that and I also
look at this these are all the cooking
instructions for all the things so we've
got I think this one and this one are
the vegetables this one and this one are
all like the buffet stuff says a lot
what but I'm living is quickly pop in
the my passwords I need to edit today's
edited today's what I see to render and
stuff so let's have a quick look on here
shall we you'll see that what the
default as normal very very young
the default wallpaper not very good at
all but now breath has been running up
and down the stairs much street so I
breath um we pull well the food I just
be the kitchen and then put away out
these boxes here I put away all this
rubbish over here let's just do this
just for fun god yes
and wash this up so hopefully I won't
take too long because I've got about the
time the to render my video compress it
and upload it hopefully that won't say
too long but it's for once is actually
like a substantial blog but my recent
blog has been like five minutes which
one's almost ten I think so the render
that now so that is rendering now and
we're rushing around because we got to
go out and be there by 7:00 oh my
goodness is going so crazy but um it's
all worth it for tomorrow's to be so
sweet at all I don't know if I showed
you look the fridge his chocked full of
food and there's we got fridge in the
garage as well it sounds a little weird
got fridge and freezer in the garage
which is also going to be packed of food
let's hope this renders quickly and
let's see if I can do this go go go
do I
these to wrap these wrap that they strap
and they have it presents wrapped and I
don't think I don't walk anybody up
which is perfect so i'ma go do it now
before I do wake someone up it's 3:00
a.m. on Christmas Day what is wrong with
me tell us so on I took away I guess
that is an excuse like so tomorrow
cooking for 11 people it's gonna be mad
opening tons of presents we saw the fun
so apologies if this vlog is kind of
short but such a busy day I was insane
so I've been doing if you did please me
big thumbs up Merry Merry Christmas
those of you watching on Christmas Day
I'll see you guys tomorrow
my Christmas Day vlog funny guys it's
Christmas Merry Christmas so we just got
up it's 10 to 8 which is a lot earlier
than I normally go but it's all good
because it's Christmas and what we're
going to do is what I'm gonna make a tea
and then I'm going to get some of these
because we need to open some presents
I'm going to show you that and I hope
you have a good day because Jordan is on
Boxing Day because obviously these vlogs
are they line and then I need to study
these instructions like mad to see if I
can cook this and what happens in the
turkeys I thought they were still that
girl oh they made a mess in here oh oh
no no ah turkey juice everywhere oh gee
that's a bit awkward but I might have
been out later
so yet study instructions open presents
make a tea so good let's do this
big o Christmas days in full swing we've
got the turkey done check it out
we've got um carrots done gravy done
Brussels done and then we've got like
loads of food in here oh my goodness
Connell steamy and then loads of food in
here which is oh no it's burning that's
not good but um I'll be fine
what's happened to the camera a bit
steaming one sec just fix that Shoei and
yeah I think everything's gone pretty
well with something in a microwave and
now we just need to serve it up and
hopefully it stays warm and everyone
enjoys it so I can put done pretty well
what do you think yeah it's a success so
far so hopefully it's tasty he'll be
cooked but I'm kind of open yeah um
everything has gone pretty well and that
is very surprising what out was crazy
crazy busy it is now five to twelve and
we literally had this whole table here
covered in food and we've now got that
left over there and we've got a little
bit of Turkey there what there's
actually a ton up okay that's what is
chosen absolutely loads and it's just
been the busiest day ever
lots of cooking or eating that's pretty
much it and we play cardigans manifold I
must be like for at least free office
which is an awesome game so I've
actually got too much washing up to do
because people helped out lots of stuff
to eat look how many been back we've got
that's like that's just some of the bin
bags they're been just from presents and
and foods and packages and stuff like
that I think I got a few things or
unwrapping presents of the partner being
cooking all day
and it's been a super fun for my doing
here trying to make a tea nail which
isn't going very well
for this event over here
let's exact my job by the way this is
what gem got me it's an adventure time
Christmas jumper his beautiful beautiful
is really cozy as well I mean yeah that
you've seen in many videos before so I
had an absolutely awesome Christmas and
I hope you guys did as well um it was
really good k what have you finally
liking it I like it was number two a
little Bambi on it
I think we've watched frozen it's your
rodents one in which is good course in
the mood for Christmas here we open
presents and then people came around
just a really really good day so I think
we're gonna go bed so on the NS book
killer because so much watching enjoy
mutiny oh yeah blizik we're so I think
I'm gonna connects of Christmas Eve and
Christmas Day into one vlog I didn't
upload today I just didn't have fun
jungle to put them up into two into one
vlog which is wise a little bit strange
but um hope you enjoyed it anyway I've
got an amazing Christmas have a great
Boxing Day today because that's when
you'll be watching this and I will see
you guys in the next video so again
thank you boarding you did enjoy please
leave a like and that would be awesome
I'll see you guys
good morning guys is actually the
morning this time but it's boxy day so
that anyone else is the day after
Christmas come on one and I'm taking the
girlier for a walk
they're happy after Christmas I got
loads of toys and treats and good stuff
so they're extremely happy so today we
are going over to Gemma's dads jamoke at
his dad's which would be really fun
I'm still really tired I got up like
seven because my dad left had to leave
early this morning as he stayed over and
I just woke up this Imam had about a
half hour nap and then cook some bacon
eggs which is really really good so I
just realized that my Christmas vlog is
probably pretty short so I stuck them
together I'm going to edit that later
today I need to make a video today as
well evading a really cool new project
for some series that I'm doing and it
should be really cool
please don't need a beary don't need
that meri so it should be really fun I'm
putting my blog um
Gemma's dad's just because it'll be rude
so I'll probably see you guys later in
the day and I hope you all had a good
Christmas when you're watching this it's
after Boxing Day so hope you had a good
Boxing Day I'm gonna have a good Boxing
Day magically that actually boxed or
made like the whole family box on Boxing
Day that'll be pretty steep anyway I
know what these girls now see with a bit
hey guys it's later now a lot later
actually it's like kind of C quarter to
nine ish and my video is just about to
go up for today which is the new release
of dr. terrazas colosseum which is going
to be a super fun mini series which
should be awesome
Ellie can hear her barking she's
actually going mad so we had loads of
food which is some Boxing Day with had
loads of unlike ham and and stuff like
that which was really really nice here
she is running around ramping and it's
really gonna go dark in him in any way
from okay I'm talking so had lots of
food played cards is really cool now
we're playing this really cool game
which I'll demo for you later on and
it's kind of hard to explain so I'll
just leave that to the demo so we'll do
that in a bit and then we're just gonna
play that I need to finish uploading my
video make it public so you guys um can
see what the new series is gonna be
about and then I don't know else need to
do my vlog still needs to go up from
yesterday which I haven't done yet just
have not
time and then we need to take a long
long sleep because I'm so so tired it's
been a really really busy weekend I
literally underestimated it with doing
videos and stuff especially grade you
vlogs as well which is a shame because
it means I've had to kind of um what's
the word I can't think of the word but
I've had to compromise on doing content
so I'm going side now because it's
raining it's not a little bit earlier as
well it's not a tiny tiny bit but um
it's all gone now so apparently supposed
to snow overnight but I don't know so
Ellie Ellie you will need to go back in
let's go back in and play some games and
now you have it I forgot to record
playing game so I'll do that in another
vlog and also I'll show in another vlog
oh I got Christmas because Jen bought me
literally like a ton of Minecraft stuff
so I'm going to do that in a separate
video there's a lot and this videos were
you pretty long today is day after
Boxing Day which is the day we're going
to be seeing this vlog and I just wanted
to say sorry for all the mismatched
vlogs and weird order that it was in but
that's because it was so busy I
underestimated how busy it would be and
I stuck them all together just now so
I'd film this little outro thank you so
much for sport on the Christmas
countdown because that was like my main
concern over this channel because it
just took so long to make but I'm glad
you enjoyed it
I just didn't enjoy this channel I hope
you enjoyed my Christmas vlog and I hope
you had a great Christmas as well so
we'll be back to normal as of today and
I will see you guys in the next video I
hope you have an amazing Christmas hope
you enjoy the rest of your time off
school work or whatever you do and I'll
see you next video bye
