I may have got up a little bit late
today well I say a little bit for about
maybe an hour and 20 minutes and that's
really really put me behind today but
hey morning how's it going unfortunately
I might not have time to edit the vlog
which is really annoying and by blog I
mean the one that you would have seen
yesterday now I would ideally want to
edit before I go but it's currently 1006
and I need to leave at 11:00 and I still
need to do two thumbnails for the main
channel so I'm probably not going to
have time but it depends on basically
now the time of the upload it depends on
the time I get back from the book
signing and I have no idea when that
will be but hopefully it won't be too
bags it's not too far from my house I
don't have to travel like two hours or
something crazy like that as you can
tell I've just speedily had a shower I
need to do my hair need to eat and you
have a cup of tea of course and I need
to do something else so yeah already
time really late as you
come on screw those so so quickly as
10:21 that's the quickest I've ever done
thumbnails but that means I've got about
40 minutes to spare to have tea have
another tea and something to eat as well
oh and so out this okay I've got about
five minutes but it's okay my car isn't
here usually they're really early and
made me feel bad but today they're late
which is good but I'm not technically
late they're just not really early which
is good and I might might have tried
playing Pokemon this morning and that's
probably why I'm late oh man why do I do
this to myself the tea and toast was so
needed though so since my drive is a
little bit late I am going to what these
Skylanders come from I'm gonna dig out
some shoes that I bought literally a few
months ago I haven't even worn just for
today because they are vans of course I
literally only wear vans but there are a
nice blue color and I thought they
didn't have laces in but seems like I've
done it already right I'm wearing these
bad boys it also turns out I don't know
how to do laces and I've got one really
long one and then one really short one
oh dear I did it and they look good what
what what did I just take I think I just
took a picture but I'm guys my driver is
here so it's time to go to my book
signing I'm really excited for this one
hey guys I made it to my book signing
and it's so weird usually like I come to
the shopping center or locks it's not
too far away from my home and usually
like when I was really really young like
I don't know like 12 13 whose get off
the bus right there to come and hang out
in Milton Keynes anyway that's that's
irrelevant if I I'm pre signing books
today so that I can have more time to
spend with you guys and I just pre
signed all of these well that's just a
tiny bar I've actually pre signed all of
these yep those are all my books I've
got a little bit more to do and then
we'll get straight into the signing and
it should last about 4 hours I think but
yeah I can't believe I just remember
that I literally used to get off the bus
there that's crazy anyway more books a
sign coma sharpie and seven conmigo
my god
guys I've made it home and I bought
something really cool to show you that I
was given today it's awesome and it's in
this box right here let me just open it
and check it out look it's a big cake
like a massive with chocolate and
vanilla cake with a pug on the top how
awesome is that so massive thanks to
Jett and his mom for giving me that cake
that is going to taste amazing now no go
right you guys feel like I've said this
every vlog so far we're only three vlogs
in that I got home we ate we had
Domino's Pizza which was good but always
feel guilty for eating that but my
evening is pretty much consisted of
spending time with Jem the pugs and
Pokemon again I'll have a problem but I
can't complain
it's one of the funnest games I have
played in a while and I've probably
clocked up a good at 50 hours and I'm
almost 50% of my pokedex - which is
crazy and then Ellie started limping on
her leg which is stressing me out
because she's done really really well of
her recovery so far if you don't know
what I'm on about you can check out the
vlog from yesterday that explains all of
it so we're going to leave her to sleep
overnight and then in the morning we're
gonna see if she's okay if not and she's
still limping on it we might have to
take a trip back to the vet so I really
hope she's okay there's not much we can
do right now because it's like midnight
I think yeah it's a little bit past
midnight it's half past 12:00 we go to
bed so late but enough of that I can't
really affect anything until the morning
we're just going to see how she is but
we're spending another night down here
which I actually don't mind is actually
pretty cool we got the big TV here we've
got DS's we got plenty of plugs for
charging kettles closer
speaking of kettle I make a tea but I
just wanna say a massive thank you to
everyone who came to the book event
today I'm sorry I can't get much footage
of it I did try to give someone my
camera and just say record some stuff
for me because it took I think four and
a half hours I met over 700 of you guys
so it was a long but awesome final book
session for this year in the UK and it
was awesome absolutely awesome both the
UK and the US book tours that I went on
were absolutely amazing the live tours
or
as well and you guys have just been
absolutely destroying the support on the
book so um again thank you guys so so
much and the vlog has been doing really
well as well as of recording right now
there's only two that are online and you
guys have been really really supportive
on those I forgot to read comments in
the previous video it's probably too
late to do it now so I'll do it in the
next one
don't you worry but um again I just
wanted to really say a massive thank you
for the support on the book and the book
tour meeting you guys in person is so
awesome because you're also lovely your
parents are absolutely awesome
they're really supportive why do and it
really hits home that I'm so many people
watch my videos because if you compare
the 700 people that I met today to the
millions of subscribers I have the
massive difference and just meeting 700
people was something that took over four
and a half hours so imagine meeting
everyone that'd be insane yeah thank you
guys so much I'm gonna end the vlog here
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you guys in the next one bye
actually wait a second I see what have
you got what is this oh that's one of my
spare blue balls from the tour if you
guys have been to the tour you know what
this is but um she's broken it it's a
lot less circle now literally looks like
a triangle you can have that back there
we go good night Ellie we'll see you in
the morning I hope you're feeling better
I've already said goodbye but I'll say
it again see you later guys thanks again
I'll see you tomorrow boy
