look at these are they've gone out there
we go look check these out
how's it going guys welcome to today's
vlog and yes
it is night time I apologize well I've
redone much else but from doing
Christmas countdown and quickly walk to
the vets to get some some tablets for
Darcy will the worming to put one down
here hello ladies I'm gonna volunteer
suing ha ha ha
they're cool if I'm not doing it very
well there we go
I done one of them but now I need to do
these other two but I don't know when to
put more they'll be brighter than this
to be fair but everywhere are we doing
he's putting somewhere else
haha so now I need to make a couple more
I've made five more I didn't realize we
had more but I'm going to twist is I
know I won't go through this one hand Oh
nailed it then we need to switch it on
and it's all gonna blind you
I'm Prodigy's about that actually looks
really cool on camera twist this bit and
I get it and I get it need to get on
tight no need to undo this fit which is
got like a giant spike look at this
absolutely giant spike get rid of this
plastic put this bit in the end so we
need to do is just put this bit in see
how I do it one hand nothing about - can
I do it could do it alright stab me oh
what a surprise
there we go and now have a fully
functional weapon that's crazy and now
we just need to add this bit to here
then we're done six in total and a
half-chewed crocodile let's go take
these bad boys outside and put some more
up there we have it you can barely see
where they are but look it's like an
airport runway
thing there you go they're all in yeah
kind of outlines the edge of the garden
and no idea where the pugs are puppies I
think one's coming here
huggy says one let's go indoors is cold
i'ma go guys breakfast nope dinner is on
it's half an hour late so I'm making
this I'm making them some scrambled eggs
oh yeah having made these in a long time
so I struggle to remember what even
playing it but I'm gonna try it in the
microwave so you don't have to do it in
the microwave and it's not actually that
hard and I just hit my camera get some
rustic fantastic that road okay so yeah
I'm going to try it in the microwave but
it's not too bad I think you just need
to kind of write keep taking it in and
out before it burns and like cooks into
an omelet basically so this should be
pretty much skin together and now if we
put this in the microwave
fancy microwave should be able to make
scrambled eggs Adam
so look here's put it on for I guess
like a minute spent on a minute 10 and
see what happens
don't know if this is going to work but
then I need to make a light you know
because I am spot in so hungry and I
think we're gonna have I can't even find
them I got it finally we're gonna have
potatoes so we're gonna have jacket
potatoes because we bought them and they
go out date pretty quickly and I have no
idea where I went our day but all day
I cannot find them I'll type in a fridge
it shouldn't be in the fridge
no in the fridge I don't know where they
are look at that a perfect scrambled egg
and I only put it in twice as well I've
overdone it but look it's actually fully
formed scrambled and it looks tasty I
guess I should try it before I give it
to the bugs it's good it's good bugs
buggies din-dins that's all kind of like
code word for dinner name down
distending palms ding dings yeah see
look instantly don't come get some
dealings come on in come on in they
don't know a scrambled egg yeah Eva you
can call my dad
yeah she'll table see instantly don't
you like eggs
you know eggs remember last time when I
first started this second channel um
Eddie wouldn't go and get eggs but now
she's truly showing that she absolutely
loves the eggs I think this is Darcy's
second time having eggs I serve to say
and she likes it look how much she's
going for that she eats really quickly
anyway she's gone free hey both all
right so now I need to make our dinner
because I love in there so I need to
stab some potatoes yeah
now you may think that's crazy but it's
actually a method so that when they're
cooking in eh seems spinning right now
they don't explode because it looks like
all airs out I think anyway I'm just
wasting my time stabbing potatoes but
that's that's why I do it so go away 20
minutes back might as well put the oven
on now just to make sure that we can put
them in afterwards to crisp them up and
I to do a few things like empty this and
put all that in there
now this is how you do a jacket a potato
ah yes Begay hoops and butter and of
course tomato sauce because that just
completes the whole thing so I'm going
to eat yes and you guys you've had some
cheese already if you can't have any of
it and if age guys I don't want that
broad glass but I need to show you
something that arrived today so it
doesn't it doesn't seem as funny as it
would me but um we've got this really
cool bin delivered today I was like by
some mystery guy I had the same last
name as me and dad's been joking my
dad's been joking that um we haven't had
a bin you haven't bought a bin for the
new house um and he was like I'm gonna
get you one for Christmas so don't buy
one so I did and then he had it
delivered to the house today so we got
up in but it sounds random that I vlog
about this but that's because it's a
very special bin I'll show you why watch
this look this is the bin right here
nice and shiny and stuff if I wave my
hand it opens and then it closes what on
earth is that about it's crazy but I'm
not even touching anything and it just
opens and you can just put whatever you
want in the bin it's it's so cool I mean
you could have launched a standard bin
below he knew I would absolutely go
crazy about having a bin which opens by
itself it's like the ultimate lazy bin
hmm so welcome back to the garden guys
as ever and it's not too cold this
evening which is pretty good I think
we're pretty sheltered for the wind here
and the wind is what's cold so tomorrow
we're pretty busy day
go town and stuff now remember to pick
my camera this time because I just keep
forgetting which is terrible not sure
what we're doing but I'm sure we'll be
buying a few things I'm sure it'll be
stupidly busy as well because I'm gem
just reminding me that it's Christmas
Eve Eve tomorrow which is close to
Christmas I cannot believe it and then
Christmas Eve we're going to go and
collect our foods and for the Christmas
dinner have some people around it's
going to be fun I cannot away and of
course Christmas countdown needs to be
made - so I'll see you guys tomorrow
thank you so much watching today's vlog
and if you did enjoy it and please do a
big fat thumbs up that would be awesome
and I was
