buggy's how you doing good morning good
morning pugs and they're like your lion
it's not morning and they would be
correct because there ain't morning I'm
sorry
ain't morning it's the stuff afternoon
because I've been working on Christmas
countdown and I'm excited about
Christmas countdown like I haven't got a
full story repairs I've got half of it
I'm just working out the ending right
now but I'm two days into our five and
I'm really really enjoying it even even
I want to know what the ending is
because this is getting really like
cliffhangers at the end and stuff so hi
guys how are you doing um hope you're
doing good and it's only four sleeps to
go well three if you're watching this
yeah three when you're watching this so
it's getting close it's getting close
and I've just realised I didn't have an
advent calendar this year what's up with
that gems got one the dogs have one each
and I don't have one I forgot to get one
there what an idiot so I'm have a quick
snack we're just getting ready to go out
to UM Gemma's relatives which should be
fun so your food and stuff and that's
pretty much it that's what I've been
doing I need to do a little cleaning up
in here let's let some foo oh we got um
food shopping today as well so we're
stopped magically stopped for Christmas
there's a lot of stuff in here I don't
know what to choose I think it Dairy
Milk is going to go well or literally
look at the freezer
it's absolutely rammed full of stuff
that is a good a good sign I almost
broke the freeze them but yeah
program Dairy Milk oh you guys okay they
think the doors open but it was the
fridge sorry ladies sorry's sorry
so yeah we're gonna get ready finish
getting ready I think they're taking the
punch up for a walk and then we'll be
off and going to visit family so that
should be good I think another team
might be in order as well to not go in
for another hour ish sorry Eddie
so yeah everything is good and it's
almost Christmas and we're back I come
on what I said we were gonna do but when
I was family
so that's all done Chinese has been
eaten and now we're back
I'm just operating my video but I've
learned off of mobile because I thought
my video would compress a lot more so I
didn't uploaded before I went out at
that time
turns out I should have done that oops
so hopefully it will be up in about 20
20 minutes over in about 20 minutes and
if not I don't know what to do other not
to do just wrap it up a bit late but I
decided to cut diamond I went in tonight
to make room before the Christmas
countdown so that's my only upload and
just focus on the upload on that just
because I think it deserves it and I
didn't really have time to make another
one another video today because of the
Christmas countdown but it should be fun
I hope you enjoying it and the previous
episode is one I think half a million
views already which is really good for
just less than one day so thank you so
much fat that's really awesome
and I hope you enjoy a bloat - or
enjoyed episode - you'll be seeing this
just web so three goes up which is going
to be exciting - but I'll make slightly
two videos tomorrow - not doing much
tomorrow really apart from popping this
town I think that's it so I'm gonna make
a tea well I'm gonna make coffee cuz I
started like really really liking coffee
so you just have coffee button it wasn't
good it wasn't good for me so I'm using
decaf is dead and things good my
relationship with coffee is back which
is awesome so a print is final is
tonight as well
final of The Apprentice is over really
really quickly because we only picked up
the series about Episode four or five so
we've watched the previous ones and then
caught up and then we've been watching
it every week so I do want to try and
find if we can watch any previous
seasons as well because they aren't
available on either DVD or online so I
need to try and find out somehow or I
can find them but the finals tonight
that pretty excited GM Frenchy she's
done and I'm happy with who won I want
to say it just in case some of you watch
it so it's good one no it's the good one
good last challenge and stuff so we're
going to try and watch some of the
previous seasons I found some of them on
YouTube which obviously is a copyright
but hey I can watch them while and/or
then they're because they're not iPlayer
anything so I guess that's the robot so
moving swiftly on me to choose oh my
goodness these are multiplying as so
many I need to choose a bit of you know
bit of chocolatey chocolate so one of
the
the purpose is choking what they hope
for is that plug so you okay
I heard someone choke they're they're
fine I need you to choose what I'm going
to eat do you want a lemon cheesecake
yes okay lemon cheesecake okay lemon
cheesecake number one and I think I'm
gonna have this right here one of these
buttons Jurgis I love these they got
like buttons in one side and then
chocolate in the other and I'll show you
what I mean just in case you haven't
seen these before in case I could
I can't even grab it no go ahead here we
go look check this out check this out
look there's buttons in that right-hand
side then I chocolate stuff in the
left-hand side they're so good so I
guess Jim's gonna eat that and I think
we're gonna go and watch apprentice in
bed not too sure but uh I'll update what
we do huh it's still so cold just like
that it's 1:00 a.m. so what is it 1:00
a.m. check sleeves on this jumper so
long but I don't even know why well it's
20 to 1 that's not your best what we're
gonna do is go bed and watch The
Apprentice as I said earlier I'm just
going to take the dogs out first so they
can go before they sleep and she has a
very sorry and today's bug here if it's
super cold still and um I will see you
guys more if you enjoyed this video then
please do leave big fat thumbs up now be
awesome and I'll see you guys later
Wow
