hey everyone and Dan here and welcome to
a very special vlog a video where today
we're gonna be building one of these now
Phillip pay attention in my daily vlogs
you would have heard me mention this and
I think it's the 20th December and I
think it's time to get really festive
and build a gingerbread house I've never
built one before but the best part about
this is we don't even have to make the
gingerbread it's all mainly for me so
it's absolutely perfect so for my
instructions here that literally says
prepare the icing mix and then stick it
together so we have two knees this and
we have to like do this I think it's a
little bit weird it's like massage you
don't think of not definitely never
massage dicing before guys I just
realized that I'm missing something I'm
supposed to act like this thing that
goes in the end of this icing bag but
apparently it's not here so I don't know
what I'm supposed to do okay so now I
need to put this inside here and then
hopefully this one does that work giant
hole in there I think it's a work even
though we haven't got the tip it'll be
fine look at that in the end
right and so what we need to do is start
building the house I've never done this
in my life so this could be very very
bad here we go
oh it's not too bad look at this it's
not in the special star shape that it
it's supposed to be but I think it's
doing okay I wasn't even supposed to do
the top oh no I wasn't even supposed to
do the top it's going well
that's good it's good it's doing a
little bit of fixing are some make
mistakes more often right let's try that
again
so what we need to do is just do the
bottom part if we just do this and then
we need to stick the the walls on and I
think the bottom part as well it has a
floor I think it happened floor anyway
right then we're tracing is pretty well
it's probably better than without the
star-shaped thing who needs a
star-shaped thing I seriously don't know
where that went
guys I I think I've done ever humming
again Oz Menna dude outsides I think
Mike oh no the eyes no well I think I'm
gonna do on the outside so that when you
do that it kind of has stability but why
is that
I'm not going everywhere this is so bad
right so let's try this the proper way
this time so you need to put on the
outside and then glue it on afterwards
there we go I think we the other side as
well I don't have enough put two walls
on at the same time look how bad that is
how am I supposed to have a wall of a
house does that then oh jeez there we go
oh look at that
that one's bent - this is gonna be the
most this is gonna be the strangest
house ever there we go we've got the
walls yeah it's so crooked I don't want
my eye since one at the bottom
oh no no that's need to do the same on
this side as well I don't know why I
chose me to put icing on the bottom
because you literally don't need to oh
no go very wrong it's squeezing at the
top yeah yeah that one's better
now if we stick teams together we should
have a full house but it's so crooked
it's like a car didn't even know it's
like a crazy fun house looks good though
yeah step one complete okay so now we
need to go one stage further and do the
roof oh this is gonna be difficult so I
need to put icing hopefully I can drop
the bus leave it on the clock that's
what they're gonna be eating umm do this
they're definitely eating something what
are you guys eating yes like an absolute
probe now we need to grab these parts
and like stick these pots together
hopefully there's no like top of bottom
about this EOS Marie dip Hey mistakes
are okay this looks okay we found out
already I already feel sick from with
the icing cheese these are better
oh no this is gonna go so wrong I think
we should put this one on first and then
this one
oh no I'm nervous nervous
it doesn't fit together is it gonna work
it's not working it's not working
because they're so this is so been why
not you see a sliding it's gonna fall
it's so gonna fall I needed to kind of
drive if that's a different even a thing
look it's just gonna fall down what are
you doing no oh man this is so difficult
oh no this is not gonna be complete I
can tell you now this I'm not gonna go
well I'll say the beginning it was
looking ok but now now we're just in
trouble
it's when I put the roof on because look
it's slanted and these walls here are
slanted so what am I supposed to
supposed to do but one more try out the
roof I just put icing on my eye I'm not
even joking I it's on my eye that's not
good let's try this again can we put
some water on here I'm just gonna let
you just like here we go
load on yeah and I've got icing all over
the top of my roof Oh No is it working
it's not working that looks terrible oh
no it's gonna I think it's working
oh my goodness let's try and stick it
with some more of this yeah I think it's
fine I probably shouldn't touch it but I
think it's okay it looks awful though it
looks so bad oh dear now let me turn
this this way look at that look at that
the cement work on this house is not
good but it's staying on so what we've
got to do now is decorate the house yeah
oh yeah and then just literally to stick
whatever on here
it says use the picture as a guide what
does the picture even look like there's
no way I guess now I need concentration
please so what am I supposed to put on
the roof there's no Smarties in this box
Blondie's anyway I don't even know it
tastes good though they taste good yeah
after that oh no I've moved it fizz oh
okay I think it's okay so now what I'm
gonna do on the other side there's I do
the same we're so dude no no what
it's going on how am I supposed to make
at this gingerbread house if it's
slanted I won't even stay up then I'm
still the icing of my eye I think I just
pushed it in yeah but a different plan
of a different problem there decorate it
then put it together then for like five
seconds it might stay upright
let's sprinkle them that's a good idea
sprinkle them no like tiles I should
have used these for the original roof
but I did it I have no idea why oh maybe
not what did they made of no yeah Darcy
the roof is done the roof is done it's
not attached to the house but it's done
I'll have actual sprinkles you know what
I'm gonna get proper arty and put them
in the middle of here yeah give me the
best house ever when it stays off
sprinkles
yeah sprinkles oh no oh oh it's mad
somehow is mad it works though but that
side looks beautiful
oh jeez oh oh oh oh it's done it's done
look guys it's it's done I just put my
thumb in it no it's gonna be a gap now
I'm sure that's there the biggest
worried that it's gonna look like let me
hold it for a sec look I did
I did it for a second yes it's
freestanding
it's freestanding by itself it's working
look how beautiful that is that it looks
like a full house from that size there
you go and then there's the other roof
on the outside and I've made a terrible
mess oh I did not think it would be this
difficult to stick gingerbread together
really no don't fall don't fall don't
fall I am done I am done so yeah there
you go that's how to make a gingerbread
house kind of actually not at all that
was terrible as so I hope you enjoyed
this guy's I thought I would have been
able to do it I made a good looking roof
and stuff but the rest just didn't work
I don't know whines if you did enjoy
this video then please give me a big fat
thumbs up that'd be awesome and I will
see you guys tomorrow
back for some more daily vlogs have a
fantastic Christmas if this is the last
video you watched before Christmas if
not then keep festive and there's only
five sleeves to go good party guys
