ah that's better how's it going guys I'm
so I'm gonna grab some food as usual how
you doing by the way you're doing good
good good so I'm gonna grab some so I've
had breakfast but I'm gonna grab like a
second breakfast because I'm hungry I
mean why else would you eat oh honey
check that dishwasher as well because I
put some cleaning stuff in it and I want
to see if it's worked it seems to have
worked I think it smells goods it smells
good and this thing is empty which means
it is work so awesome hopefully we
should have a vessel cleaning power in
that now so for um for my second
breakfast I'm gonna have these sneaky
fellows which are some pain or shockula
I think that's how you said anyway so on
yeah I'm gonna eat these then I guess I
should get making some videos it's just
before 1 p.m.
so I need to make one today's video I
need to upload that a lot loaded today's
vlog already I've saw some stuff up for
Minecraft Xbox and now I'm gonna eat
these and then do some videos for Friday
because today is Thursday I'll do some
videos for tomorrow how you doing puppy
you just dribbled on yourself she's just
a drip of water in your chest are you
doing are you doing I haven't made any
videos yet and it is well it's past 420
past 4 even so um yeah I have made any
videos yet and that's because I've been
sorting out the video for today and I've
had time yeah I just kind of been
chilling doing some jobs around the
house by taking the bins out and
clearing up the garden as well from up
when we had our our patio recovered so
I'm just chillin for a bit and then I'm
gonna make videos in the evenings so
because I'm a day ahead it means that I
can make videos in the evening because
normally I'd have to make them before
the evening in the morning so I can
upload them for the evening if that
makes sense so yeah that's cool that's
cool I can make them in the evening as
well I'm gonna do that in the stead and
I think I'm gonna make is there's an
update for Xbox that came out today
which is really good I don't that day
for sims 2 came out today which is
really good too so I'm gonna put both of
those and make a video for each tomorrow
and then
cool idea for a Christmas Eve themed
tray or a skit which I think I might do
as well what have you got
what did the dogs got she's chewing
something and anyone's it but I don't
know what it is I've know that when you
take the pugs for a walk even though it
looks horrible outside look at that look
look how much that bush is moving oh man
it's gonna be horrible but we need to
slip some Christmas cards as well and
I'm pretty bit peckish so I might grab
something to eat
that's a stupid idea let's go and see
what's going on after I see what this
park has enough mouths what is that I
have no idea what that is oh oh I think
I know what this is it's a nose is it
off this guy it is oh my goodness look
he's got no nose I know if you could see
it focus focus
look his nose is gone she pulled the
nose out of the park that's hilarious
Wow what have we got so much oh we
should have quite a few things so penis
fridgey and we got a bit scared we got
one of these I'm gonna have later on
wait wait wait one of these oh yeah got
some curly wurly I didn't get money like
chocolate things I kind of feel like
again something chocolaty mmm what did I
Lema I think we're gonna have some
biscuits
decision made I see a little tongue who
doesn't even care she's so tired cutie
how cute was that guys that was so cute
she keeps doing that every time she's
sleepy tongue light starts to gradually
stick out which is really really cute so
I'm gonna end this book here because
it's bedtime my favorite time of the day
and we're gonna get to sleep aren't we -
the I'll take upstairs okay she's
crumbling she's crumbling but really
she's gonna be happy yeah she's happy
really so hope you enjoyed this blog if
you did then please leave a big fat
thumbs up we're gonna get to sleep
because we're super tired and we will
see you
video bye
