also guys I cut member the time the time
is ten past four effort it's later than
that but its timber sorry not because
I'm lazy because of being productive
today so this morning we rushed out
because you're a little bit late and had
to take the car for a service which is
literally just like taking your car to
the doctors basically and then they do
anything the needs do in and then we're
gonna pick it up hopefully soon because
it's like school time now it's for the
roads are going to be absolutely insane
but I made free videos today too for
today one for tomorrow one for tomorrow
yeah
so don't go into this Dom for tomorrow
I'm just rendering them now and I need
to upload them in a bit pogies say hey
are you doing are you doing 8h i'm hunky
i don't know about you guys ah if you
guys had your lunch already they had
their lunch yeah you had your lunch e
she's so happy look she did burps as
well i don't know if you could hear that
well Haley how you doing she's doing
good so I need some food let's go see
what we got I don't think we've got much
to be honest and I don't think of taking
anything out for for dinner Eva which is
bad oh oh bridge ah come on fridge you
let me down there's nothing any nothing
what is this a few things not really
much to eat here as well I need to do
this soon as well just showed you in a
previous video the beans currently being
the soup soup could be a good idea this
cup of soups as well which don't taste
good way soup is an option at the moment
looking freezer actually there's a lot
in a freezer but you're gonna need to
defrost it I might have that there's a
good oh yeah I'm having this I made my
choice now I made my choice
have a sweet and sour chicken which is
going to be beautiful 3 is pure from
yesterday's dinner so you see that then
excuse that um gem would you like
one of them chicken korma things yes
I'll make one of them as well
awesome lunches will late lunch is
sorted dinner is not sorted so I don't
know what we're going to have probably
would end up having to take away Angie
bad which is bad and I should probably
make a tea as well I mean why not
so I fill this up in one hand is always
really really awkward to do there we go
this cup put this in without spinning it
oh no it works it works just about so
I'm gonna make this tea and they make
these meals and then I don't know what
I'm gonna do probably play some already
selves I'm a big Disney infinity I
should probably do that need to make a
toy box but I need to record it at the
same time so what I'm going to do is do
like a time-lapse instead of
commentating over it alive just record
it on the laptop with my Elgar terrible
that should work
hopefully anyway I'll see you guys a
little bit
guys dassit is turned off my xbox by
sniffing it didn't you didn't you yes
she did she's like I'm so dead and so
I'll just have a new sniff so what I'm
doing is installing the discs on here
that's what I need to do allow me to
move I see what have you done I thought
you turned it off but it's just not
doing anything I have no idea what
you've done doggie
oh no it's it's now turned off I think
it's turned off anyway I'm guessing that
means it's turned off right I think it
is Demi Demi lassie I think Jim taught
um Ellie to turn it off once which was
really not good and then she realized
that um and he turned off when she was
playing the game so we kind of changed
that so how you doing Eddie you know
turning off my xbox are you we've done
it before though you've done it before
so Darcy is going out for another puppy
class soon and Oh update on the copper
by the way as I mentioned earlier the
car is um is um in the hospital car
hospital or the garage as it's better
known and we've got a phone call saying
it needs a whole new computer because is
to do a product recall which means it's
not broken but some of the cars when we
bought the car when it was built some of
them were built with a dodgy computer
and ours could be one of them so they
have to change it which is what they're
doing right now so we don't get to pick
it up until tomorrow which is okay
because now we have two guys if we had
just had the one it would been
absolutely terrible cuz embeds get
public glass or anything only been
annoying but um yeah that's the story on
that the car is in the hospital and
we'll get a brand new computer which I
guess is not a bad thing since it's been
used for a year now it's going to get a
brand new one which is awesome
the doctors got public cars which you're
going to go to in time is it time is it
I can't see I can't see it is half-past
nope it's 7:00
so we need to leave in about half now G
so what I'm doing is setting Disney
infinity to UM download on my xbox one
downstairs because it's not installed on
this Xbox so I'm gonna get that
installed get my saves transferred and
make a toy box so that I can make the
final video for Disney with squid
because I think he's done his um toy box
and I've literally not had time I
finished off like three things today
which I was supposed to
you and three videos and look oh jeez
this is why it needs to happen
an overnight 2.2 gigabytes of update are
you kidding me I remember when me and
screwed meant to make a video and this
came up upstairs and I was like oh this
is gonna take a couple hours I think I
might see if my other videos finished
uploading first let's go and have a look
shall we it's gonna have a look
pogs I'll be back in a sec don't you be
turning off ok baby turn off it's going
to see if Miami where Xbox is done I can
see if Xbox anymore upload something up
cause we walk up the stairs 22 minutes
left so if I go to update or download
the Disney it's probably yeah I set it
to do it before we go out that's
probably a best idea cuz I'd want my
uploads finish so they can go live when
it's ready to go and speaking of girl I
wouldn't need to put my other video live
which is pixelmon which went really well
and that was like a gigabyte file which
I'm loading about 3 hours which wasn't
too bad because it's done but it needs
to process which is the issue so I'm
going to do that good puppy class and
need to eat at some point as well oh
jeez let's go guys we're back I think
every certain up begin every section of
my blog with guys in some kind of form
so what's a free time so back to podcast
Darcy is actually the best she is really
when you go to order commands and stuff
the gentleman tour all of them so she
can let you take test now we've got like
four more weeks I think so I'm on the
floor just then because I'm gonna grab
so cuz that's what we're gonna have for
dinner stain I'm feeling warm and cozy
so I wanna want to feel today so got
chicken which is what's jam is gonna so
got a nice chicken soup dere I'm with
chicken and mushroom another chicken I
think there's another one somewhere else
I we check those just mushroom I think
it's chicken a mushroom time it's gotta
be it's gotta be so let me just close
this up make some soup hmm it's so late
so late / early half-past one no good
so the soup was good the soup was good
though le and he calmed down a second of
shortcodes bed real bad but um so do I
so do I buy
we had the soup it was good and then I
played disney infinity sang up that
video for literally minutes off of two
hours which is crazy trying to do it all
walks it's so difficult
like stupidly difficult so I managed to
create something not sure if is any good
but it's going to have to do now it's
kind of like a hide-and-seek map which
you'll find out later on when we make
the final videos so we're gonna go to
bed now was heavy gone le Oh what's she
doing what is she got she's got
something gold a little bell and he be
doing oh she's got a bow oh dear oh dear
this is bad she's got scissors as well
oh my goodness
gem has been wrapping in here and now
she's got loads of thunes right chill
out I'm gonna put these pogs to bed I'll
see you guys later
hope you enjoyed if you did big back
bombs that would be awesome
and I'll see you guys tomorrow why
