hey everyone how are you doing I got bad
news I think I'm getting a cold it's not
good we kind of waited outside the
public cars yesterday for a while in the
kind of open this door look there we go
I'm for a while and I think what a cold
but hey we'll fight it off with food
because that's what I'm gonna go and get
right now so forgive me if I'm sniffing
a little bit trying to keep warm
enmity diem stuff like always in my TDM
stuff because it's warm it's called heat
and it keeps me nice and snug so I just
done finished editing the crew video
yesterday so I didn't need to do that
and I did the time-dimension is just now
which is rendering and I need to videos
for tomorrow because we're going
shopping tomorrow
yeah whether or not we're going shopping
all right yeah awesome
how you doing puppies are you doing
puppy I get doing are you doing this
morning I took him out for a walk
earlier it was super cold but oh oh oh
they enjoyed it they enjoyed it look ah
yeah Barry Webb's bed over are you
hungry yeah I'm gonna get some food I
think I don't know what to have told I
have some toast
should I get some toast
or let's see what else you've got
actually I've already happened then
Bryce time poppings which was beautiful
what else
and I completes it I don't know if I
should do dishes today I complete my
task you clean up the kitchen a little
bit this is just from yesterday and I
need to fill up dishwasher a little bit
but hey at least I cleaned it a little
bit and now what bit dizzy I'll see
what's in here we've got cheese and
stuff still a lot of trouble oranges
that I manage like my way through yet
we've got our turkeys the other day as
well for Christmas because we're hosting
Christmas this year and we're gonna have
like I think about 12 people here which
is a lobby was good for so we've got a
lot of Turkey ready to go
um I think toast is going to be the
option split some toast and some tea of
course guys Darcy's getting in the
Christmas spirit look you look hilarious
little one she's a Christmas pudding
yeah JT Ellie's looking at you like
you're silly that's because you look
silly
should we try already now
and any lights it - yeah you both look
great
absolutely the cursor she hates it
she's looking at me a lot get us off me
right now before I flip you're lucky I'm
tired punk sighs look we've got an angry
Christmas pudding so the reason we've
got this is because the Christmas party
is on Sunday but we try not Ellie's
outfit look she ripped that off she
don't like it she's so cute
it's so cute goodbye Christmas pudding
goodbye
cigars coming when I talked to you last
um what is this the same day and the
crowd is different - the date on this
xbox let me use the new one yeah so this
is cool so now I've got um actually have
two Xbox ones now because I bought one
like almost release day and Xbox sent me
one as well I can have one downstairs
and one upstairs one for recording
upstairs and one just play down instead
but if you sign in with your account on
it kind of syncs all the data which is
really awesome and so helpful it means I
don't have to like keep moving my Xbox
around and stuff it's not good to move
like computers around anyway so I'm
gonna play the crew which is what I'm
trying to play right now it's the game
that we've been playing a bigger one up
today which was yesterday for you guys
um on it which was fun and I'm kind of
get addicted to it I'm not sure why but
I am I want to get new cards I'm a level
10 on it now which is quite good
okay maybe completion 1% geez this game
is long Wow and I've seen quite a lot of
like good reviews for it as well so it
must get more into it later on right
then what am i what am I gonna say oh
yeah a Friday is going to be interesting
day because when you see this video I'll
be the tomorrow so I'll be on Radio 1 at
5 p.m. I think it is 5 p.m. yeah watch
my Twitter which will be in the link
below from when I'm going to be on radio
1 talk about gaming and like if gaming
is good for us or not obviously I think
is in moderation I guess but it depends
so um young are we talking about that
which is cool this should be on Travelle
I think is Eddie on 15 minutes but it
should be cool because they'll be live
on radio 1 never been on I've been on
room I've been on radio before I
think I have but I've been on TV before
radios a little bit different this is
radio what that's big business and it's
5:00 p.m. which is like primetime anyone
leaves works listening to in their car
and stuff so yeah that should be
interesting so absolutely it's two days
from now but because you're watching
this vlog on Thursday it is tomorrow so
make sure you check my Twitter for that
but I think it will be Sony in the UK by
the way is BBC Radio 1 I'll be at 5 p.m.
check it out it should be awesome
so I'm gonna play the crew put a tee of
ready-made which is awesome and tomorrow
we're going shopping which should be
awesome because we're going to finish
our Christmas shop and get that all done
and just just have some fun out shopping
the pubs are going to daycare which
should be cool and it should be a good
good hey hey Shirley yes just now or by
the way alright check out this
controller I've got the white version of
the Xbox you see in the background there
where my toe is I absolutely love the
white controller I think it looks so
epic love it
sleepy doggy
okay
whoof I was actually a really good
gaming session I was go playing the crew
and then I switched over halfway through
to marrow cuts I thought hey a racing
game then I thought I haven't gotten
that many good racing games I thought
wait wait I got merica so I play Mario
Kart and I played against this guy or I
played it for ages and then I was like
this is going to be my last race and
this new guy pops into the room and he's
got 56,000 rating I only have 8,000 and
I play a lot and the most I've seen they
liked well thousand possibly but yeah
56,000 rated it wasn't a bob he was
legit li racing as well so I don't know
how much time that guy or girl has put
into the game but that's insane so um
yeah it's cool it's cool and it was
weird going from the crew which is like
30 FPS to America which was 60 FPS like
straightaway because it seemed really
really quick but really detailed and
awesome as well so I ate edit this vlog
because we're going shopping tomorrow
and I do think I'm getting a cold guys
it's not good it's not good but more
powerful go shopping hopefully drown it
out for tomorrow and we just checked it
everything's locked up and ready and we
just check this putting a good dark a
sec yeah the keys aren't even in that
door one that was kissing hmm no idea
let's just check this too nice
so yeah we're good to go to bed so thank
you so much watching today guys enjoy
them please do leave a big fat thumbs up
that'd be awesome
and we'll see you guys tomorrow for a
shopping trip
