hey everyone how are you doing so today
is going to be a good day so I'm going
to be finishing all of my videos for the
weekend up until Sunday or technically
Monday which means I don't have to do
videos until Monday because and wait for
the weekend starting from tomorrow so
I'm just setting up for the final video
I got to record all recorded the first
bit but now I've got this camera set up
right in the correct place and just
switch this on so we're going to have a
scene where I go down the stairs and
Ellie comes up because this is going to
be a really cool video when this video
going to go up its going to on Saturday
so in two hours from now ish you should
be seeing this video which is the pugs
and play minecraft video so get hyped
for it it's going to be awesome I'm
going to try and get Ellie to do a
little bit of acting for me I don't know
how well it's going to go this is gonna
be the trickiest bit so then they say
never to work with like kids or animals
so but he's pretty trained so she should
be good at this let me just grab
Monique's I was wearing that got make
sure I wear the same clothes and stuff
so Eddie's going to play a little bit
minecraft for me today we should be
awesome let's go and see if she is
interested in doing it I'm sure if
there's trees involved she will be
perfectly interested so guys guys guys
guys
NORs listen to me I'm upset garbage I
need to hire one of you but they have to
have four legs so I can't have you SOI
so I need a pug I need to take Ellie to
do a little bit of acting for me Andy
will you do some acting for me I think
she said yeah she wants play some
minecraft you wanna play some minecraft
with me today you had a nice little
sleep I think she has now are you doing
are you doing that his tails still quite
like mad Oh what are you doing you're
silly I was got my final video to do
which involves these guys and I'm done
so are you ready let's do this he wait
good girl how was your first day on the
job Ellie she's doing incredible she's
literally done all the shots first time
I just get her to wait then she just
stays there and then goes whenever she
needs to go so let's do this shot shall
we
work anymore Ali can you sit a girl wait
good girl wait wait we have a future dog
actor right here this is awesome
and he's so good she's good at what she
does you in front of that camera really
how do you feel
she doesn't even know but she was
perfect so let's go and get you some
lunch lunch let's do this now hopefully
that was a major success it was proper
fun to record I like doing things that
are mine proper a little bit out of the
box as well kind of like the brother
does MINECRAFT but now we do in pubs
play minecraft and you have to wait and
see to see what happens when Ellie plays
minecraft she's pretty smart to be able
to do that right so check it out um for
those eagle-eyed viewers out there
you'll see that I change clothes like
three times already because keep
changing clothes to match the vlogs what
I was wearing today and what I was
wearing in that as well because
otherwise it would look very very weird
so um that was really really fun it
smells so nice in here because of these
like these are Yankee Candle things you
put a little tea light in the bottom
there if you can see it those go on the
other side you put a little tea light in
the bottom here and then you have like
this wax melt of smelly stuff in there
and it smells pretty good but the one
that smells the best is the one that's
in here it's called what's the candle in
here cords what's the smell in here cord
Christmas memories and it's over here in
this little Christmassy burner it's
really cool so like all this is hot wax
but put my finger in out I'd lose a
finger probably but look at this
gorgeous app and it smells like
gingerbread and cinnamon and it smells
really really nice next before Christmas
yeah she was pulled the tree down how
with the wires
it's bound to happen we've got this up
for another like 30 days so if it
doesn't happen want something very very
short these guys it's not too bad I
guess
hey guys so I'm gonna be speaking very
quietly because Gemma and the bugs are
sleeping literally across the way so
won't be very very quiet why I've just
finished editing the Pug video which I'm
really pleased with I hope that you like
it and it'll go up the day that you're
seeing this vlog so it'll be up a few
hours from now so I hope you enjoy that
one about in um in the old Ireland and
I'm excited to go Island now I finished
my videos I'm really really excited so I
get I'd knock him down for events to get
videos done in advance and then I'm just
like yes I'm super excited luck that
completely distracts me so I'm not going
to talk for too long I know this vlog
has been sure but it's literally day of
making videos and the family came around
on me chilled out and then I came up
here I made more videos so these are all
done I need to edit this still which is
going to be crazy um shouldn't be too
long though which is good but check out
Eddie's acting from earlier
and that is all I'm showing you of that
because you'll be able to see the full
version about yeah about two hours
hopeful maybe even less because is going
to go up put um about a p.m. GMT so
usually upload that these are about 6:00
p.m. so I'm gonna cut this vlog off now
sorry again if it's been short but
hopefully you enjoy these videos that go
up over the weekend tomorrow as well
will be super cool because I'm heading
to Ireland and then Sunday will be even
more some clicker than my invention
which be sweet so thank you so much for
the support in general on every channel
I agree because it's just been
incredible the whole time so thank you
so much on both channels and I'm kind of
rambling now so I'm getting another vlog
thank you so much for watching if you
did enjoy please leave a thumbs up I'll
be awesome and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
on the way to Ireland
