what's up guys it is the afternoon but
just it is 1 p.m. and you caught me well
I say that but I'm the one holding the
camera start recording I'm just about to
record yeah it doesn't seem like it but
you're gonna see from this perspective
look how clean the room looks from there
yeah so yeah I'm just about to record a
little kind of skip thing for my much
because tomorrow no today technically
when you're watching this on the Friday
is the last day that you can order the
beanie and the hoodie and the jammers in
time for Christmas you can still order
them after that but in time for
Christmas in the UK that is the last
date you can order them so if you don't
order them but you would like them
before Christmas then make sure you you
order them today or wait this might be
too late anyway make sure you order them
today because otherwise you won't get
them in time for Christmas because they
come from America so they will take a
long time to get to the UK when a long
time but in the Christmas rush it's
definitely worth getting them now but
that's why I'm going to talk about
literary now in my blog that was good
practice though the good practice for
today's video I've already done stage
videos to the dragon mounts mod just
need to upload that today's vlog is
uploaded I'm feeling productive today I
think I get all my videos done for the
weekends today which would be so sick
because that means Friday I won't have
anything to do and then Saturday and
Sunday will be completely free for
traveling my invention and all that cool
stuff so I probably should start
recording this right now well just
finished another vlog so that is three
videos that I've recorded today and it's
22 - that's awesome
that's actually really awesome and
hopefully and get these all done
so that so like I said earlier I can
have a good old relaxing day tomorrow
before I have a busy weekend meeting you
guys which I'm seriously seriously
excited about and got some cool stuff
happening next week as well so let me
just paste this up porn in here I've got
myself a nicety going on as well in at
my minecraft mug because because I'm
having a very constructive day no
creative no that's another one I'm
looking for the word I'm looking for is
productive that's what I'm looking for
very productive day still got this on
from the video but
I hope you enjoy the videos when they
come out I think I'm doing one today
which is yesterday for you guys which is
the merch one and then this app one it's
coming out on I don't know it'll be up
over the weekend so I better get editing
these and then we'll see about some food
so I'm very hungry
dude my stomach is not happy I haven't
eaten and it is 20 plus free whoops
although is whatever we had this morning
I had like cereal I think so I'm going
to make some toast now which sounds
amazing I have like four or five slices
I'm so hungry
well fill this little tea mug up here
I'd probably turn this off as well and
I've done two videos are uploaded today
and one for tomorrow is done but no
record Xbox as well which I'm gonna go
and set up now done Sunday's videos I'm
ahead of schedule geez that doesn't
happen and just doesn't happen but um
today I've broken the law and done it so
let's try it open this door
duh you know we got doorknobs in this
house and they're really awkward to open
with one hand especially when you're
holding a tea mug as well
woofs called down here literally
chilling my blocks off today it's so
cold
alright help just ah no I'm stuck again
ah no way I've done it done it actually
proved it actually abroad so I'm gonna
make some toast then go back honey as
well
mmm Hey ladies would you like some toast
where's Ellie oh there's Eddie are you
doing oh it's a tail doing what's that
doing you pretending not to be excited
but your tail gives you away hey Bo you
been on your iPhone huh we've been
ringing what she doesn't want to tell me
and then there's other little one hello
your tail twitched a little bit look I
caught it look is to a chain I saw it
sorry how are you doing thanks good
right in okay oh no oh no I quote you
the heads broke way in the mug - I'll
take that please that's mine I'm gonna
fill this up and eat eat eat
look at this stack I do not mess around
when he come to toast
go toast we'll go home look at this
right I got so here's a little bit of a
story so I was playing my game casually
and Gemma decided to put the Smart TV on
so the she could watch YouTube so what
happens when you do that is that you can
like zap it from your your iPad to the
TV that's what she did so like cut off
my game and she refuses turn it off so I
bought this outside and I'm gonna
completely troll her and turn it off I
probably get in major trouble but hey
that's what that's what happens when you
get when you when you get in trouble
with me so I'm out here with the puppies
always you're one oh there you are
so let's just walk past this quickly I
have a quick look she doesn't even know
look she's in there watching Pokemon on
the stream three two one ready
that wasn't me that's just the thing
ready three two one turn off turn off
did I do it yes you worked ha ha ha no
she has right to it uh oh my god I don't
even know what these dogs been doing
what you eat don't ya stone Oh No she's
quit uh oh my god this is so fat this is
so bad is this a why this is so bad it's
still by the prank right completely
wrong oh no no guys quick quick what you
got my phone this is gone so badly wrong
no she's left where is she
guys this is serious get more
comfortable at my phone noob what are
you doing I caught you I call you hungry
to destroy you again yo try company oh
mama
I wanna vlog I wanna go
did you see that aggression I got video
evidence of you doing that I can get you
in trouble
bugs attack attack No are you getting a
weapon are you get no weapon oh my god
cookie doing with a bone
are you kidding I'll trade you two more
for you oh god I think I know why she
put it from the sound yeah there it is
in the cake feet where the suit what the
damage has been done
I dropped so hard you bought me so hard
that I fell over in the dark I wish I
was Justin Bieber Wow I like you
favorite it I'm gonna leave it there
look guys this is the tweet there you go
it's got 35 favorites already Sony been
up for like 10 seconds yeah they put why
no you don't know you don't Beiber happy
face WTF no you're better getting
arrested I'm gonna get you arrested for
that barge um well I'm gonna leave it
and see what happens
well so I probably should tell your dogs
out again I'm sorry I did that to you no
no I'm not because you tweet or my
account that's musty I know that stitch
you like the only time I've left my
phone in here I always take my phone
with me and now I'll make sure I do it
every time well that went very very
wrong
oh dear but I hope that's how I see a
drop to the floor so hard oh my god
that's gonna be embarrassing but hey did
you find it funny honey the pugs were
proper hide after it sounds like yes
something cool is going down let's go
crazy and plea choke her up so they did
that
ah I did a prank and it went it
backfired I turned it off but I didn't
do it with very very well today I need
to get my pranking game it's that time
again guys time for bed let's see if
everything's locked up I'm ready for
shutdown so let me just share this but
girls I think I went out here today so
you change the door that we take up hugs
out of so joy - now that has to be
random but I'm oh one thing I do want to
show you just because I've done it
not this did I show you that I don't
know if I showed you that yeah I'm gonna
take away against so terrible we need to
go food shopping to be completely forgot
so look at this yeah completely clean so
I made sure I do the washing up now I
can keep on top of it hopefully anyway
and let's check this - nice all locked
up and going on closes as well because
the Washington is super loud so I just
need to grab my laptop so I get to edit
this blog because if I leave it until
the morning usually takes ages for me to
get round to it so I'm going to do this
now and I'm really looking forward to
seeing how that that weird prank and
miniature fight broke out really good
forward to that so I'm gonna go ahead of
this thank you so much guys if you did
enjoy it please give you a big fat
thumbs up I will see you guys tomorrow
of gotcha night off
