good morning everyone no afternoon it's
quarter to one and I'm not you're
thinking another afternoon start but
don't worry I haven't done some videos
that I finished up my blog this morning
edited that's ready to go
actually I've rendered it and uploaded
it and thumb note it as well so you'll
be able to see that today or yesterday
whichever one and also editing some
footage from yesterday which is the one
that took forever or even this morning
there's about twelve hours ago we
finished doing that I have some issues
of it so I'm trying to fix it in a very
very get away but I won't bore you with
that but you should have seen the video
already it was quite a good one so how
about 25 minutes to kill so I'm gonna
got my pokemon game because I haven't
had much time to play it whatsoever and
Jem you've already done like free gems
right 29 free gems I've done 0 I've got
to the what to the place where the first
gym is but freedoms well that's progress
what level your pokes on was your
highest one like 23 for well I need to
get on my Pokemon game and the code
deities you've got a cool jump on snakes
it's cold so she's only got a single
coat but um Oh Eddie's wearing something
very nice today look at that she looks
like oh no oh no oh no there they go
there they go I was saying that doctors
only got a single coat and Annie has a
double coat because she hasn't like got
one yet so we'll have to replace that
double coat that she's missing with oh
my god they're going crazy we have a
little pink jumper which looks quite
cute so I'm gonna Brown this something
looking forward to it alright guys we
just put a star up in the window look
this is police outside
or if you don't wrong huh or you done
wrong most because I've got too much
swag in this help you I'm gonna go
outside and look away look like stay
there puppies it's gonna have a look
shall we
oh well windy there we go that looks
pretty cool
yeah that looks cool I like that what so
blustery no it's so costly outside yeah
that's the way right guys comment when I
vlog lost as usual I mean when is that
every different so I put a dilemma and
I'm not sure how to solve I'm looking
for like the past hour for this I really
wanted to play garden warfare
plants vs. zombies it's classic classic
game that we absolutely love by open up
the box and it's not there it's just
it's just not there and I have no idea
why how or even that is possible with
usually I must admit I'm a guy that will
take a discount and put it in the wrong
case but I would only have put it in an
Xbox one case and I've checked all my
cases and it's just not there I have no
idea what I've done so I'm gonna have to
play something else I don't know what
though got quite a few Xbox one games
now actually got a nice little
collection going on so I've got even
with being Disney infinity the crew
Skylanders needs to Bridals I might play
that depending on what cars are in it
Dead Rising 3 and garden warfare so I'm
going to look up nev speed rival because
i haven't played that in a long long
time since maybe launch but first course
t it's going to be a team when everyone
walking this way it's a t and gems
actually just downloaded the new game of
thrones game which by telltale which the
same people do The Walking Dead game so
hopefully that's good some some good
reviews so I'm sure we good telltale are
always really really good at making
games really neat games as well let me
see if I can do this with one hand well
I'm going to drip tea everywhere oh no
this is bad idea no just turn on the
floor random jumper in the bin I don't
know why that's there so let me make it
fast because it makes it there we go
there we go and the washing power is
slowly dwindling it's not that good not
a good seeing it in the background of
every vlog but I guess that'll make me
clean it up so I got a dishwasher on the
go a might finished actually somebody
else fill it up again but put a to
delivery to you to me sorry to interrupt
your games Yes Mother
Eagle Roger it looks really good well
let's go away even face recognize the
characters so that's how good the
graphics are on that but annoying
graphics but they're really cool
stylized graphics which I like harrybo's
of course for the gaming sesh so I'm a
picky game wolf
my goodness is so cold outside it's
really really cold is getting colder and
colder and colder then noisily
of course as leaves everywhere on the
floor house now pulled our away you know
what I mean but yeah it's really cold
anyway play for speed that the rivals
always it just rivals
I kind of remember I'm Nev speed rivals
which I haven't played in literary since
I got the Xbox so as Xbox one a year old
now that's crazy that's a long time so
yeah literally like 11 1 10 11 months
ago I played that game last and it's a
good it's a good it's a lot more fun
than I remember it to be not sure why I
don't know why did I think it was about
game but it was really fun for the hours
I played it I planted a plan for like a
couple of that couple of hours this week
some reason my breath is so cold outside
but yeah I'm really loving this new TDM
stuff by the way I absolutely loved it
especially the hoodie the hats are and
the pyjama trousers as well which I
haven't got a pair of yet some reason
well Jemma took the only medium pair so
I think we've got another set on the way
so one would do now is go to bed cuz
it's past 1:00 in the morning I'm really
really bad at going to bed early but hey
seems to be a trend now so everything's
off in here I think we good so thank you
so much watching today's vlog not sure
how much I blogged but hey for him I'm
sure blogged a little bit at least so
yeah thank you so much watching if you
did enjoy please leave a big thumbs up
and I will see you guys tomorrow
probably got crazy hair
