I done it again guys we went to town and
I forgot my camera I charged it in
everything I think that's the second
time you've been to town
second time in a row I forgot my camera
apologies but I'm gonna show you what we
got it was busy though on it yeah super
busy um this is all the stuff we caught
we've got loads of Christmas things
basically and of course food and I
cannot wait to destroy perhaps both of
these oh oh oh this is this is the
reason we went to town
not because it's Black Friday because we
don't really do that in UK even though
shops have tried to it's because of can
you guess this and this our year and I'm
wearing my my Snorlax top to celebrate
yesterday was it was Gengar today go for
the Snorlax t-shirt so yeah that that's
a thing another 3d yeah that's really on
there that's awesome yeah we got on the
new Pokemon games Omega Ruby or in this
of course
I make a Ruby and alpha sapphire sweet
I need to play those but I need to make
videos first boo-boo and then we're
going to go see my cousin because well
Gemma's cousin or both are cousins now
because it's his ninth but today which
is awesome so going to go see him and
what else we're doing today and that's
it we just went to town we're going to
eat you can drink tea use your kind of
stuff I need to make one video so I've
got my indie games live thing that I did
insomnia going up today which can take a
while to upload it's like 50 minutes
long blog as usual and then something
like but not sure what to do yeah I
might go March just because have them
more than a while or a few days I might
show you some of these things that we
got especially the food but here's a big
decision do I choose sprinkles or normal
sprinkles every time I mean this one's
like a normal one with extra bits on it
but I might eat them both anyway let's
cover this little one over we've got a
sandwich over there with sandwiches
right here so that shoulder peeps a ham
and pickle are ye a ham and pickle
sandwich and yep I think I'm going to
have to destroy both these Donuts as
well I'm super hungry I just found my
camera on the floor
I think the puppies have been up to
something while I've been out so we just
went see my cousin who's 9 today if
you're watching hope you had a good day
buddy um so yeah what do we do we went
to town forgot my camera then for my
camera just then as well good job me
listen that uh free mail that I was
emitted whoop I know Gemma's Outsiders
like someone's mouth but um now with
some family around so let me just grab
the shopping so yeah a potentially
interesting day for vlogging and I
forget my camera twice good job Daniel
good job buddy hey what's wrong with me
I'm going to collect the pasta from next
door
Jimmy's been ordering Christmas presents
most Christmas shopping earlier I didn't
even show you what we got cuz I was like
so hungry as I know not normally to norm
this right now
it's morning something cool not sure if
I'm gonna vlog it yet I still don't know
um if you follow me on Twitter then you
will know what I'm doing on Saturday but
I don't think I'm gonna blog it I'm not
gonna tell you why but um I'm gonna
leave air that so we went to mr. OH
because we need some food and we got
look these look kind of cool then
hanging things for the tree which we
need to put up on Monday that's the
vehicle vlog Monday Christmas
decorations Cox is the first mini
pepperoni pizzas man wheat so much pizza
hot dog and cheese pizzas what we're
eating now but some fam come around a to
have lasagna with this garlic bread okay
I got some harrybo's another lie what's
up some mint arrows absolutely nice look
at this dog Christmas dinner in a chain
gone focus look at that that is that is
sign that is something real real strange
but we're saving that flare Christmas
got some other Christmassy things as
well got this beautiful also got um
what's this that's that's broke that Oh
deal what's going on here sorry the
camera keeps going inside the bag but I
probably lost a bit I don't know it is
but this is what we're eating lasagna Al
Forno the posh one we're going to eat it
and that's probably healthier than some
of you guys have been saying in my
comments cuz I've noticed some of you
guys like it will the unhealthiest
YouTube would ever lived
I'm gifted move
tabble ISM I'm going to use it now okay
guys so I don't suggest you have the
same diet as meaning because it's not a
great one but today William something
vaguely healthy I don't think it's
healthy and then we have a quick check
I don't know I'm seeing it let me see
some red lights okay there's only one
green light on there oh dear
well this is better than all of them
being read right how are you doing girls
how are you doing today both go I cannot
find them oh my goodness there we go
crazy little pugs so yeah we don't even
manage to play ball come on so we've
been like today was going to be our free
day and then we went out that was busy
because you know Black Friday decided to
come to new page for some reason then we
went out twice four hours longer than we
were supposed to do so let's get this
made and then hopefully we'll post
appointment I kind of want to play evil
within okay five minutes earlier that
was it and then got crushed by a giant
guy with a mallet so there we go yeah
it's not something you say every day I'm
hungry are you hungry so I start cooking
this now yes supposed to have great on
it because it's oh yeah
is that mistake with that it focuses
focus focus right now and I think I can
focus on it wait it's doing it there we
go
look see that's a tree tree tree tree
tree the swirl is fine but then yeah
that's gotta be wrong isn't it yeah I
think good job Tesco's good job or done
you're the best
it reminds me of that Harry Potter scene
promise you it's raining outside not
nice not nice at all so we destroyed
that lasagna we literally I thought that
was going to be way too much but however
that wasn't apparently we were hungry
and we destroyed it and almost all the
guard right apart from one piece I'm
good it was good it was good
and a match makers and I've also got
some goodies from here
from town even I got those which I'm
thinking I might make a star on in a bit
tomorrow it's an exciting day I'm not
ever gonna tell you why if I do then
you'll find out in tomorrow's vlog so
that is going to be that and I'm glad I
just check my Twitter I'm glad so many
of you are enjoying my new app you seem
to be loving it which is awesome there's
over a hundred reviews so far and I
checked earlier in the day which are
really good I'm glad you enjoyed it so
much is I just think it's going to be
the perfect thing for those of you that
don't have YouTube accounts because I
know a lot of you don't because if
you're not old enough you can't use your
like your parents account stuff like
that so it's the perfect thing to get so
if you're listening right now you don't
have a youtube account you want to keep
up to date with my videos go ahead and
get the TDM app it's on the App Store it
should be on Android but I'm just
getting that fixed obviously the people
that sort out are in America and it's
been Thanksgiving in stuff so hasn't
been fixed yet unfortunately but
hopefully it will be soon so it should
be on there very very soon
it was there an eclair disappeared so we
can talk about this earlier today but um
no we're just kind of chilling out I did
more evil within it was good it was good
I managed to destroy them two guys out
to my earlier two giant massive mallets
it was it was pretty scary but now how
hard I'm going to do is i'm i think one
chapter seven now not sure how many
chapters there are in the game I might
check it out but there was also a
two-headed wolf with a double mouth and
a bulbous neck and stuff it was gross
but I was going to finish making this
beautiful tea in my new Jake mark oh
yeah we got a real kuma mug over here as
well as like a Japanese bear character
thing so yeah the fish doing that watch
some TV and I'll catch you guys in a bit
right it's been all day and I haven't
opened my game yet using this is a
rubbish bag you see and it still got my
gaming it so you chose the other one
which is the blue one which is a alpha
sapphire right sweet so did you know in
these games no you think that's Groudon
on the front you know a nice crowd on
the front that's actually primal Groudon
primal
primal no no it's primal I think they've
changed legendary so that there's
there's some Megas like there's mega
Rayquaza that's definitely a thing or
quasar
but primer I'm pretty sure it's primal
it's like a fossilized version it's
intense
so I need to find my free deer so I can
loose fire this up today because it's
okay it's 25 to 1 oh geez what's wrong
with me my body clock is so messed up
like I sleep in well by the time I get
ready it's usually about 10:00 and then
it'll go sleep to about oh my god my
office is such a mess then got to sleep
to about 1 2 a.m. I guess I mean that's
a big chunk of a day to be honest oh man
guys don't let your rooms get this messy
hey t DM how you doing buddy Wow it's
literally an absolute tip in here
because I've just kind of like been
searching for different things and not
finding them and they're not putting
stuff back
but I need my 3ds I don't know where is
I've got a Pokemon as well I need to
find it let's find it together I'm just
wanting to pick my bathroom oh wait wait
ah yeah how you doing buddy it matches
this is perfect
I found it as I found it I already know
which starter I'm gonna pick I know it I
found it
I didn't have to go for any boxes it's
probably got no charge in it and it's
probably got a Pokemon X or Y in it
which I was nowhere near to completing
so what I need to do is play a little
bit this before bed I found my fruit
here sure it was just on the Shelf yeah
I didn't have to go for any boxes you
we see everyone in charge if this turns
on I'll be absolutely amazed oh my
goodness
I think it's turned on the light is on
hello yes it's like whoa you're turning
me on and there you go it's turned on
look how much batteries are go this is
what Nintendo you need to learn or teach
Apple how to make batteries that last
this long I haven't turned this on in
like months literally like three months
and the battery is full up all now let
me take out what was in here what was in
here yet pokemon why sure steer shoosh
okay so I'll know shrink-wrapped oh man
it died God look at that open it with
one hand never done that before I like
how the case is red that's kind of cool
I know it is what it matches my PS so
got a Pokemon special man hook one why I
came out what let me try to open this
this is bad right then time to insert
the cards here we go look this is the
cartridge focus focus not focusing which
is gonna put a train we go up and there
you go I'll make a ruby straight up in
here with the loud sounds let's open
this bad boy oh there's a software
update of course because whenever you
buy a game nowadays is always an update
and this is going to take about a year
to install probably let's do this
fantastic system update this is going to
take even longer open the system up
there right now and let's see how long
this is going to take I'm going to guess
a couple of years connect the Internet
yes please I accept no I'll just okay
there we go I'm going to lie to my dears
and say it's plugged in and it's
updating does that mean it's gonna
download it or I'm no idea oh my god is
actually going to take an
age this is just update in the system as
well whoo yes and there we go it's
finally installed yes 22 2 a.m.
beautiful so what better time to play a
little bit choose my starter get going
and see what new things metallics I
think there's been a few cool new things
like my hair looks absolutely insane by
the way because it's wet outside and
I've just had a little nap I think I did
anyway I'm not really sure that's quite
bad yeah I'm gonna plate this bad boy
apparently is like sneaking and stuff I
want to check that stuff out I want to
see how awesome it looks in 3d and I
need to kind of edit a little bit of a
vlog as well anything I put 9 a.m. to do
this thing that I'm doing tomorrow which
might be a little bit difficult but hey
but hey so we'll play a little bit now
you know what I think and then sign out
so let's go play some Pokemon
inevitable guys I played the first ten
minutes
that's literate of the new Pokemon game
and I really like it I like the old game
style mixed with the new game stuff I
make sense so like the art of X&Y mixed
with the old-school story of ruby and
sapphire it's looking awesome I can't
wait anymore tomorrow now it's 2 a.m.
because sleepy pugs and sleepy people
next to me so I'm going to all sleepy
person even that sounded a bit a little
bit weird but anyway I'm going to sign
off for the day even though it's moving
on to the next day as usual so I will
see you guys tomorrow hope you enjoyed
this vlog and if you did then please
give a big fat thumbs up and let me know
in the comment section below if you want
the new Pokemon games and what you think
of them because I think they're looking
awesome
oh most important thing I chose Mudkip
as my style because mega Swampert looks
mind-blowing he looks so good he really
really does so what side did you choose
and do like new games if you got it so
thanks so much watching and I will see
you guys tomorrow
