not gonna lie to you guys I only just
started vlogging and it is 7 p.m. in the
evening sorry my excuse is that I've
been doing a lot of videos today because
tomorrow I have my last ever book
signing for this book in the UK so I've
had to get four videos done today I had
to edit this vlog for the first one of
vlogmas which has just gone up actually
so today we'll go through those comments
and see what you guys think to see if
this video ever makes it to the Internet
so I do still have some editing to do
all the recording is done but I think
I'm gonna do that tomorrow because
number one it is 7 p.m. and I've been
working all day number 2 I'm hungry so
we need to make food number 3 as want to
spend some time with my pugs and Jemma
as well and secretly Pokemon Sun and
Moon but don't tell us so yeah I'm
really excited to check out the comments
on not only today's main channel videos
but the vlog as well because I can't
wait to see what you guys think of me
doing a mini vlogmas and i get some cool
stuff to record tomorrow because i'm
going to a book signing but that
probably means that this vlog might be a
little bit boring but let's see what we
got for dinner I'm not gonna lie to you
guys you are in a fridge right now and
there's not a lot that I can see here
maybe lasagna maybe oh oh lien date oh
they're out of date no I want to cry
some of them are in date that's really
annoying
super super annoying so I guess we could
have these but I don't know what happen
with if you don't know what it is it's
fish which we have not in a while I'll
get you out of Ridge now secretly my
attempt to making this vlog a little bit
more interesting not a lie and you know
what before we start any dinners how
about we say hi to the pugs there's only
one in here there should be three yeah
three I found one it's Ellie everyone
and yesterday I mentioned that we have
to Paulie parks and Ellie is the main
poorly pug she's got this on which is
kind of like a soft version of those
plastic cones that you get which you put
around a dog's neck to stop them from
licking their stitches which
unfortunately Ellie has right now but
after dinner
I will show you and explain a little bit
about what's happening with Elly and one
of our other bugs as well Darcy is
completely healthy as normal guys we've
had an emergency we have run out of
ketchup which isn't good enough when I'm
eating chips or fries whatever you guys
call them and can you hear that it's
raining like crazy right now
mission ketchup achieved I did it guys
you proud of me
so dinner was good I ended up having the
fish and Gemma had something else I come
aboard she had maybe that lasagna we
were talking about earlier but I'm back
in my office because I need to collect
some lighting and my camera as well
because we're going to do a very very
quick photo shoot of the pugs because
they always send out this Christmas
picture to all their pug friends and we
need to take it now we need to fit three
of them into the picture
Peggy wasn't with us last year to do the
photo shoot so this year she is and
she's gonna be fully part of it and
they're all gonna be wearing like
outfits and stuff we get Christmas
lights set up it's gonna be crazy and it
what's even more crazy is it's like
midnight it's almost midnight and we're
choosing now to do this which is pretty
crazy
hey you can plain Pokemon Sun and Moon
for that I've now clocked over 41 hours
in that game like four 1:41 in say now
on I just realized I've just sat on some
of my new much which is crazy so in four
I show you a quick sneak peek so this
first one is simply just my logo on a
t-shirt and then we also have this one
which is kind of like the try us on the
enchanted crystal with my new kind of
logo on here which is pretty cool and
this one's one of my favorites it's the
le top it looks so cool about crazy eyes
yeah that's the new much I actually
leave a link to the brand new merch
store which is live right now in the
description below and you can get this
stuff and loads more on that website so
I hope you enjoy but for now when you
take some pug pictures which means I
need you and I also need you right there
right guys are you ready you ready to
pose no any are you ready to take some
pictures
no I told you guys we want messing
around with these outfits Peggy right
here has got a perfect little elf
costume looking good and Darcy has
herself a beautiful reindeer outfit
which I've only just seen today look at
this amazing and Ellie's got sort of a
pretty Christmas hat look at these -
Ellie looks really really upset
What's Wrong Ellie you don't like your
hat okay is that you guys look
absolutely beautiful good job treats all
around
well done can I get a high five Darcy
click a high five yeah there we go good
job guys check out some of the photos we
took they are looking beautiful
they're so good these are way better
than the ones we took last year I think
the outfits a better the pose is a
better like trained professionals I
think this one might be my favorite look
at these guys look they just want to
pose even more they look weird without
their outfits on now that was such a
good photo shoe and I think I've just
remembered that we did one last year for
vlogmas as well so go ahead and check
that out on the channel if you can find
it that would be awesome
what are you doing Eddie yeah what are
you doing puppy yeah but um yesterday
guys you remember that I said we had to
Paulie
pugs and Ellie is the poorest at the
moment actually we bought two kind of
poorly bugs at the same time and I said
I'd explain what on earth is going on so
I'm gonna make it quick because my arm
is hurting
so basically Ellie has recently had an
operation on her leg because she has
something called luxating patella which
sounds crazy but really what it is is
her kneecap doesn't really work properly
which means her top bone and a bottom
bone keep popping out of her kneecap so
what she's got all had an operation to
do is to put some metal in there to keep
everything in place they've also shaved
down her kneecap which sounds awful that
means it's gonna keep the leg nice and
strong and the kneecap back to working
order and at
minute le is feeling perfectly fine now
earlier in the vlog you would have seen
the cut she's got on her leg which is
right down here but it's looking amazing
she's actually getting these stitches
taken out on Monday so it's not too long
le don't you worry okay she's it she's
not she's not liking having to be
contained in this pen behind us because
she's had an operational leg she has to
stay in one place and she can't really
jump around and stuff so that's where
she's been living for the past I guess
five or six days and that's kind of
while we've been sleeping down here and
look look I shaved but Oh Ellie I'm so
sorry no don't leave don't leave but
yeah don't worry about guys she's
absolutely fine she's got over the worst
of it I think because she's not on pain
relief anymore because she's not in pain
but she just need to pretty much stay as
still as she can for another five weeks
which is crazy then she'll be back to
normal running around at chasing
fighting all that good stuff don't you
worry
what are you doing you having a good
edge I like that and I did say we had to
poorly pugs because Peggy our third Park
haven't introduced you guys to properly
yet she is a puli pug anyway but she had
a really really upset stomach last night
and I'm not gonna go into detail because
it was gross I don't have time to
explain it in this vlog but I will
introduce you to Peggy properly in
another one because her story is very
interesting and I want to spend a whole
vlog talking about it so apart from that
that's pretty much gonna wrap up today's
vlog I'm sorry there wasn't too much in
today's vlog but I made like five videos
and that's because I'm going to a book
signing tomorrow which should be pretty
fun so I'm gonna sign off here I hope
you understood what's going on with
Ellie bear she should be fine though and
Darcy's arrived honest how are you doing
all that's better
it does how are you doing but yeah I'm
gonna end this vlog here thank you so
much for watching guys hope you enjoyed
if you did a big thumbs up would be
awesome and I'll see you guys in the
next video bye
