where are we where the chip I'll be
right back okay so just leaving the tip
now for the second time and we've got go
back one more time yeah but first we're
gonna go on yeah we're gonna go home -
my hands feel super dirty that's not the
reason begun home that's not the reason
I go home that we're going home to
relieve the bugs
how long have been an hour two hours the
moisture and a half hour too long too
long let's go home yeah
then one more trip to tip and then we
drop the keys off and they don't live it
yeah cause it's dog finally never go
guys just like that welcome back to the
old house by the way and a new figure
intro the vlog but hey but hey how you
doing are you doing good we're doing
good now because this is the final time
you're going to see this house so wow
it's crazy
I was really crazy look it's completely
empty the garage is completely empty and
three trips to the chipper later we will
leave in this house so goodbye house but
hey when I was never happy look we're
try that again and there we have it that
is the old house blingy gone gone and
now we don't have to worry about that
anymore which is awesome I've let you
out to fight off spiders and random
stuff to try and get through all the
boxes and stuff there in the garbage but
hey I'm done I face my fears all good so
now good make food of course cuz lychee
we've eaten what I've eaten one donut
which have been moved to here just looks
super awesome in there so I mean one
donor I've eaten is that it no I had a
sandwich as well but that's it that's
all of it in all day and it's like
twenty to six ten to six need to get my
my days a little bit more organized and
I want to have what suits that I have I
really wanted to tomorrow one but oh oh
oh look I was like I just want to have
it tomorrow one it looks like we've got
one sweet I'm gonna have it this one it
was jammed in ahead I feel there'll be
another one in here miss pin the finger
look how cool this is by the way we spin
it round it's here there's no table once
in there um so we got chicken I know he
is what am I talking about there we go
really look in the wrong place this one
don't you seen before and then tomorrow
which you've probably seen before as
well let's make these bad boys I need
some pans don't I
so today video why is I've done nothing
the kids I heard some videos already
prepared
thanks to insomnia because they sent me
across all the live stuff and you would
have seen this yesterday but if you
haven't go and check it out on the main
channel the live shows would have gone
live that even makes sense from the live
let's play the idea to which I hope you
enjoyed and I'm also gonna quickly
record a vlog talking about my app is
now live on the Apple Store which I
spoke about yesterday and also my
website and also my merchandise allow
someone to record a quick one of these
and also what do you think of my talk
look at this I'm wearing a gengar job
but hopefully you can see that let me go
near a window so I know you can see it
can you see it can you see it there we
go
there we go I think you can see it it's
literally like bullets again gotta top
one more is it's a jump it's a jumper
with like the gay guys face on it and I
absolutely love it i've got Snorlax one
as well and a Snorlax t-shirt and I
think it's super awesome what do you
think guys I think it's so cool but
anyway that is project I am going to
make some soup and then yeah we also
found some glue there's some things in
me in the old garage we found some cups
from this Cup which was brand new
you started a random box I was like cool
got a nice little Jake mug we've got
this one which changes color so when it
heats up it turns to red so it like a
full Minecraft heart it's really really
cool
timing specifically minecraft but it
still looks awesome and we also found
these cute little cups as well the Gemma
and bought a long time ago so they got
interesting stuff let's eat some soup
soup soup guys look how cute this is
Darcy came across and just let laid on
top of Ellie and got her arms around oh
look it's a proper pub hug
proper pug hug a little touch she's
hating that she's like gets
ditch pug off me no she's loving it
really I think they really starting to
become friends oh it's so cute I swear
what I'm always start a vlog I'm walking
towards the kitchen that's because I
need a tea my head is feeling
a little bit banged up so I'm gonna see
if a2 will solve it not sure what the
thinking behind that is but I'm gonna do
it anyway
and I just tried to record a video to
put on my main channel before the live
video goes up to see about my app
because I've just got loads of tweets
after my blog went like that you guys
may download my app which is awesome I
hope you enjoying it and yeah it's not I
can't find it on Android anymore I have
no idea why but it should be on iOS
still I have no idea why it's it's not
there pepper it should be fixed very
very soon so I'm going to make that
video to maybe tomorrow
I'm not too sure it might be seems
tomorrow but anyway I make a tea and
these beautiful cups that we saw earlier
and then I'm just going to chill the
rest of the day I might like fire up
Grand Theft Auto again GTA 5 I might do
that she are having a cooling Crown
Victoria for a long time I need to say
GTA often that's what the cool kids say
so I might buy that and just fry it up
again and I might even start the store
even from scratch and do like the
hardest difficulty or something like
that there to me ages snow how long did
it take me to complete I think it was
like three days
actually I just I played it non-stop
when I got it so my father lebbe again
might be good idea and just like that
it's sleepytime in there right le ah you
so sleepy that's how I feel right now
speaking of naps and sleeping I had a
good one I had a good like micro nap and
that's why I haven't blogged that much
this evening I just kind of sat on the
sofa and did nothing just chilled out
watch a bit of TV browse some internet
and yeah that's pretty much what I did
I'm so tired I don't think I've caught
up from insomnia steel because we've had
so go back from it's something we've had
like a lot of early mornings apart from
one but still I just haven't caught up
yet had many teas and I'm feeling good
so we're gonna go to bed now and I will
see you guys tomorrow I think we're
going town tomorrow so I've been quite
interesting I see what I come flog cuz
I'm not even sure what we're doing in
town
the best shopping we won't be long
because we don't leave the pugs too long
so yeah if you enjoyed this video please
leave a thumbs up and you want to
continue following the adventures of me
on my second child then please do
consider subscribing that would be
awesome and I will see you guys tomorrow
