hey guys how you doing ah today is our
little day with the pods bugs look I do
that you turning your head Darcy you
chose in your head for everyone I think
you were so I was going to make some
lunch but all I've got is frozen stuff
so I'm waiting for that to defrost it's
gonna take a while um did I have
breakfast I think I did thing I did the
house is a little bit of a mess so
forgive that but I need a fix start
today and I'm gonna when I still need to
recall the diamond dimensions I've got a
Disney infinity video which is all
signed off and ready to go today which
is awesome got me if you can see that is
with our ballistic squid which i think
is the first video that i've done with
mr. squid eye this looks terrible in the
background doesn't it I'm gonna move
rooms I'm gonna move yeah that looks so
bad but yeah my place video of a squid
it should be awesome I hope you guys
will like it was super fun to record I'm
gonna do another one as well but I'm not
sure when we're recording that maybe
today maybe tomorrow I am not a hundred
percent sure it's another dreadful day
there such a dreadful day but um hey hey
the only thing we need to do outside
today is take the punks for a walk so
that's not too bad oh I've got to show
you this yesterday we got two new
bookshelves livid for the living room so
check it out I've got one on this side
and over here we've got one on this side
too so now the living room looks what is
pretty much complete check it out looks
awesome so how you doing pug ease um I
don't think it's a lunch time you know I
think I've got another hour until that
lunch time I think anyway I think 900
showing their timings which is awful of
me but um see and then see what the day
brings shall we and this is what I've
got to eat four cheese ravioli don't
worry it has been frozen so don't worry
that day is not the date that I've got
to be eating apart so that's like a
month a day but I'm pretty sure we can
freeze it for a month and then you have
to defrost it before you um before you
cook it I'm pretty sure you do anyway I
quarry
find it but hey it looks tasty and
banana yes guys look at these pokey hugs
I'm getting or I probably know why you
know why because there's biscuits right
there that is the reason why guys check
this out let them play fighting dollies
hidden underneath there she is that
she's going for it you screw up which is
going for a sniff a sniff and a jump I
just thought that was hilarious
every went underneath and Darcy was
trying to beat her up these guys are
insane I know that's not another pug
that is just a punk teddy by the way
that looked really real for a sec these
guys are insane I take Matt for a walk
to just wear them out you guys are
nutters Harris I just battled one of
life's hardest challenges trying to pick
up a poo while you are walking two dogs
it's so difficult
literally I managed to do it though it
was a success but it was so difficult so
I'm just start walking the Pokes narrow
and walk into the walk at different
speeds is difficult especially when they
want to do toilets and stuff but I guess
it's good that they're going so yeah
it's been a really chill day you jump
saying oh it's busy day and stuff like
that but no it hasn't been I just been
watching I mean watching why not
actually try and watch him in a while
and he still as good as ever his editing
is so good I'm jealous I'm really
jealous let's go oh yeah it's super cold
as well it's not as cold as it has been
I guess it's because I'm wearing like a
scarf and jacket inside no proper coat
or Toshi's kitten type IV slow down for
Darcy slow down
there we go that's a lot better but
anyway it's kind of misty but it's
making me wet somehow I don't even know
how but let's get these dogs walked and
then we'll get back in the warm have
some lunch and I still need to eat a
ravioli autumn earlier hmm so guys I
just got an interesting phone call /
emails I got emails saying Oh
BBC you know the big guys in um in the
UK I'm sure pretty much everyone has
heard of it even you guys in other
countries they emailed me and said yo
we're talking about Minecraft today they
madly say y'all but it'd be cool if they
did but they said I'm doing my Minecraft
today because it's like
it was throwing about 49 billion views
of Minecraft was in the last month which
is insane I'm not sure if it's month
actually but it was a huge number and
I'm gonna be on the radio in ten minutes
talking about Minecraft talking about
team TDM the YouTube channel and all
that cool stuff so that should be
awesome and it's only available in the
UK I think it'll be on iPlayer so I
might link it down below if there is a
link to it I'll check afterwards and ask
them but I'm also um I'll see if I get
some snippets to put in now but if not
then I'm not sure if I'm allowed to or
not but anyway there'll be a link in the
description below if I am allowed to but
if not I apologize right then it's gonna
be cool I'm never nervous actually not
sure why probably cuz it's been sprung
on me like the last minute but it should
be good and BBC's use your I've done
some stuff with BBC before so yeah
that's I thought I was pretty cool so
that was a bit of a waste of time I
didn't end up be on the radio because
they were an out-of-time but should be
on there in the future
they said anyway but I said there'll be
a link below to the radio show but now
there can be a link below to purchase
these bad boys II just turned up and
these are pajama pants you'll probably
get these out and show people what they
look like
I think anyone should try them so yeah
these are available on the make of shop
which will be in description below and
there's only a certain amount of them so
you want to like Christmas or anything
like that then make sure you order them
and I think there's also hoodies and
this beanies on there as well which I'll
be able to show you in the future
oh man oh man they look dead ah look at
you
all TDM DUP yes that's so cool I love
them they're really awesome so the
hoodies and beanies will be sent to me I
think they've already been sent they
might be here either late this week or
next week early next week and I'll be
able to show you those too but you can
still touch those now there's an
unlimited supply of hoodies but the
beanie is a limited edition so get them
quick if you want because the lunchbox
is sold out very very quickly I'm
pleased with em let me feel the money
soft yeah yeah nice these men's dough
because I think isn't that like a box
the flap thing oh yeah how weird women
can wear them as well
you just don't use the flip sure it was
cool unexpected I should have remembered
that they were coming actually but hey
I'm pleased with him so yeah I can
remember when I blogged last was you
ravioli or was it something else how can
I remember that hey
well I finish up and might even before I
made videos it was definitely already
wasn't it I think it was very early or
was it the pajamas either or the ravioli
was nice we had some nice stuff for
dinner we had like these ham and cheese
things - really nice I finally cleaned
up most of the kitchen like this is just
stuff that we've used after I am after I
cleaned up and Jemma bought me these
from shopping look oh yeah three
beautiful Krispy Kreme doughnuts
oh my goodness it looks so nice and I'm
gonna eat those tomorrow might want
breakfast cuz we get up super early
tomorrow so go into the old house yes we
still own the old house for a couple
more days just so we can um get rid of
it basically we're gonna clean it up a
boys it's clean already we just need to
get rid of some of the stuff in the
garage and then we can be rid of that
house forever because they've got people
moving in on Monday so we just want to
get rid of it and just chill in this
house and just be the only house that we
have because the other one we don't we
don't want it we don't want it of course
because we've got this one whereas we
have a weird way to explain it but
basically we still have rent up until
Monday they want to move people in on
Monday so we're gonna go and finish all
up get the keys back that is a better
way to explain it so there you go and
we'll completely detached from the house
and it will be awesome what else am i
doing tomorrow I kind of done videos for
tomorrow because I've got the live let's
play to go up which should be cool I'm
not sure what to upload the indie games
or whether to upload something else
tomorrow I might upload on my app my app
that's what's going to tell you about my
there's lots of stuff that happened
today so the pajamas that they happen
that's the description below and also
my app is now launched on the Apple
Store as well as you can get on iOS you
can get on Android as well so I'm gonna
put a main video on the main channel
talking about that because you guys been
ask me crazy amounts for that because
since I talked about it maybe like two
weeks ago now back will find you said
yep
you can have it on the App Store and
it's there so go and search the diamond
minecart on the App Store the only one
that's real is the ones make by maker
studios on both Android and Apple Store
so I know there's some fake ones on
Android anyway I think there's only one
there might be two it's on um the ice
store Apple Store whatever you call it
but yeah you can go and check those out
right now so come and do it leave a good
review if you enjoyed it and it's pretty
much like my youtube channel in a in an
app so you can watch all my videos you
can like my videos you can share my
videos and I like it I really like it
it's a nice way for people that don't
have a youtube account to and old enough
to have all my videos in one place it's
perfect and also I'll leave a no link in
the description below I must remember to
do this because a lot of people get to
the dock minecart comm which is pretty
much exactly the same as the app on a
website so you can go to my website and
watch my videos as well if you're not
subscribed you want to check out the the
newest videos as soon as possible as
soon as they go up like without having
to search YouTube and stuff and do loads
of critics then go to dye my comm and
you will find them so there you go some
core announcements cool things happened
today and tomorrow we've got to get up
early so I'm gonna sign off this vlog I
hope you enjoyed it if you did please
leave a big thumbs up and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
