I'm sorry guys I'm sorry guys
why am i sorry why am i sorry why am i
sorry can you figure it out can you
figure it out oh what's that
that's a spider go to my house spider
can you figure out why I'm mad or why
you should be mad this is when I started
vlogging and it's nighttime oh I'm in
trouble
so yeah whoops umm it's quite late and
that's because I've been doing videos
all day
and that's pretty much it boring story
but I played a very cool new game today
which I'm addicted to now thank you for
such an addicting game whoever made that
game and yeah it's really addictive it's
this one Crossy Road I'm so addicted to
this bad boy I managed to get 75 and I
played it in a video today I think my
top was 66 but now my top is 75 but you
guys would tweet me that you like
minutes after the video and you
absolutely killed my score so I'm gonna
have to try it out aren't I oh I'm not
this little alien as well check it out
go on focus focus look at that cute
little alien oh my goodness he's being
poked so hard I know here we go here we
go
and I got killed straightaway by a train
absolutely fantastic
haha you will not get me this time
mister train not this time this little
alien Punk is going all the way Wow Wow
game Wow
let's win a prize instead here we go
here we go it would help for press the
bottom right I'm gonna spend 100 come on
give me something good I need to collect
all the animals
I got the goats yes
this guy looks in pain oh geez I want
all the animals put please the coolies
there's so many Wow
a swift snail a flea oh my goodness
the Dark Lord Voldemort's in here this
game is gonna end my life oh my goodness
yeah I got 129 I was an absolute roll
and I'm using this old zombie guy button
if you can see it I know I need to play
first that would help wouldn't it
so yeah this cute little zombie guy that
I unlocked recently because to me is and
it changes the game to nighttime how
cool is that
that's so cool take a dive little zombie
take a dive or you can be a ghost as
well
ah this game is gonna ruin my life so um
yeah this has been the topic of my blog
and one of my main video today so um
apologies for that but is a really cool
game you want to check out the video
that I did on it and got in description
below and check it out if forums put it
there if not going to get out on the
main channel and the best of all the
game is so free it's free
you saw it all we have an in-app
purchase there but those things can be
unlocked by using the little credit
system that's in the game you collect
and you get rewarded for by playing the
game so I I'm going to make a tea in
these mugs
ah yeah how then am i the gem bought
these well the dry my fat mug here dime
on come up here and you can buy these on
Spreadshirt actually if you're
interested so no I'll get you questions
about it you buy them on Spreadshirt on
my little Spreadshirt store so yeah
that's pretty cool I think so anyway
and yeah it's half-past twelve now which
is which is bad
which is bad I'm really really tired the
kitchen is terribly messy I got to clean
that tomorrow I am going to be home
alone with the Pope's tomorrow all day
because Gemma her mom and sister are
going out shopping so I'm sad I'm
missing out on the shopping but at least
to get to spend some time with my
porgies and I think I'm going to spend
that time I've got one I got my videos
done I think I want to sure I have to
check I've got um some footage from
insomnia that I can use for some of my
videos so I can show you the e the live
let's play which is when I desperately
want to show you and the indie games
change because that was so good it was
really really awesome because I was me
scrubs minecraft antvenom and actually
gaming we all played these really cool
indie games which I'm quite into at the
moment I found some really cool ones one
of them was lethal League that's what it
was called and that one's super fun so
I'm going to upload that soon as well
while that's still relevant and they
kindly sent me the files from the stream
so you can see the live let's play
you're also going to see the the game's
change which should be cooler and I was
going to say I'm going to use that day
to try and get further in the evil
within because I haven't played that in
a long time and what you playing are you
addicted to a new app to what you called
its duty soon soon it looks like I don't
even know what that is
no no I'm so good whoa whoa whoa that's
so cool ha we're both addicted to new
apps today who'da for chit um Gaming is
really good now it's like I've ever went
games first came on my buzz they were
terrible but now there are some
top-notch games on mobile devices under
latest e and before you go bed soon but
are up for the video later big school
ready do you know what you're doing it
no I don't get it you don't get it but
you got a high school look ya know bye
sir I understand house what's the point
huh excuse me you must know the point
that I'm gonna fall oh dear oh dear
so guys I ended the game on my app
and I finished on 212 steps are ya so
good I get really good at it now could
you're quite fast and I've got what is
my favourite character then I'm using a
little alien the zombie and I think I've
got a cow as well which is cool it
sounds really weird but I really really
want to get like every single animal yes
gonna get every single animal but I'm
the head Facebook here I know it's kind
of a short one apologize buzz that you
so busy all day and tomorrow is odd well
my day at home with the pugs so it's
time for bed from the bugs to go outside
and then we're going to sleep the night
away so I'm gonna see you tomorrow thank
you so much watching guys if you did
enjoy please leave a big thumbs up
and yeah let's pretty much it bye
oh my god oh my god there we go look
it's a flappy bird clone but it's a pug
Oh what yeah
