good morning guys oh you doing it is the
last day of insomnia I've had such a
great time time has just gotten way way
too quick it's been an amazing two days
already and this time doing three things
I'm doing something with the Tate's
monument to the gallery they do
something in Minecraft on the main stage
which I would probably get down to it
starts in about an hour my stuff 10:00
today not too bad will 25 10 and I'm
almost completely ready but voice though
well we went to UM some really cool ward
ceremony which you would have seen in
the last in the last vlog if you haven't
go and check that out maybe in the
description below if I remember but um
yeah they were so loud you had to shout
all the time and then afterwards when we
were just like playing pool and stuff
that would still super loud so you had
to shout all the time so what I'm gonna
do now is finish getting ready
ground stairs because we get bacon rolls
yes could have destroyed me a bacon off
there's any left and there might be some
leftover pizza which is a good breakfast
too especially right now yeah I'll be
awesome present so I better get my shoes
on and I'm leaving later today which is
a bit bit upsetting because then I won't
be able to go and chill after the event
but I get seen with two buggies and gem
of course so let's get this skills day
started it's gonna be a good one now I'm
actually gonna I'm aiming to get into
the main hall today because I haven't I
haven't yet unknown play some games
especially block and load which is by
jagex and it should be sweet see there
yeah
a lot some really cool other presents to
show you one introduce yourselves
this is Saskia okay
and they made some really really cool
presents what we've got in the middle
yes like a book with loads of messages
in is really awesome
it's a bit it's really quite there on
the back is more like a happy birthday
message and also this is really cool so
this is like a baby version of me I
guess
look at the body at the bottom is a pig
that's really cool
sorry I could have beat you there but
thank you so much my gift they're really
awesome and I hope you have a great day
look how many people there are
if you got somebody head
that
do
I
is evident pokemon cards is so awesome i
think you got something good at the back
you're going going here we go here we go
gonna be that's gonna be it's gonna be
very nice I just started signing and
this is Joseph he's got some really cool
head here we'll give us a wave Joseph
look at those goggles they're amazing
thank you so much thanks for going to
see me I wouldn't take too long we're
getting to the end of the queue now and
I've met Brad we'll say hello it's nice
to meet you I know you finally made it
into the expo hall I said it's the first
time that things really close isn't like
five when I started sort of I made it
feels a lot bigger in here more space
yeah say August and there's a lot
obviously a lot as people at my yeah
England show this there we go
and just like that insomnia 53 is over
it's 8 p.m. or almost 5 by state and I'm
gonna pack my car oh my goodness it's
been the most mind-blowing weekend it's
been incredible thank you so much to
everyone who came out to hang out with
me and my last meet-and-greet by coming
where I left you last by did my
meet-and-greet which was over 3 hours
long because I filled in for scoggs he
was literally not feeling good at all he
was really sick so I filled him for his
me and greet which was good because it
means I got to spend a lot more time
with you guys and you guys there to blow
my mind you just see how many presents I
got I'll show you them when I get home
because they're all like in the VIP room
at the moment but had the best weekend
hang out with other youtubers and just
meeting you guys I literally went into
the expo hall once because and that was
when it was closed because I just met so
many of you it was it was the best thank
you guys you are incredible absolutely
incredible so I'm gonna I've already
packed my case no go case packed and
then I am going to dump the VIP room
checked all my other things and I'll
probably see you guys at home it's
incredible I will reflect more on this
when I get back see any bit guys I'm
home guys hey I'm home with the
sleepiest dogs in the land look how cute
they are they really really don't care
right now but they weren't crazy when I
came in so it's now well I would say wow
it's 25 to - yeah I'm not even joking I
was gonna say it's probably pretty early
for me because it was like midnight so
I've been going to bed at like 2:00 3:00
4:00 a.m. it was weird like I felt more
refreshed having four hours sleep than
ten no I'm gonna edit this blog
awesome right I wanted to show you some
stuff that I were given i'm inseong you
know we got to show you all of it
because there's loads of it one of this
is these yoke pug Appa Lee it's like pug
monopoly check it out you can actually
buy pug related things giochi huh you
actually buy pogs rather than buildings
look you can buy Isabela
come buy a biscuit you can buy here oh
the giant pug and then look at this this
member laughs look you can be a flea as
your game piece an actual flea and then
of course like standard pug with the
Mohawk I mean wow so thank you Sam for
getting me this if you're watching it's
incredibly fun present incredibly fun
and also got you seen this in a previous
vlog I'm gonna have to tuck into those
soon I'm nice stack of postcards these
are the postcards I give out conventions
so if you ever come see me at convention
make sure you get one of these and now
here is the rest of the stuff that I got
given oh my goodness look how much there
is and it goes all the way over here you
guys give me so much stuff it's really
really cool I just want to thank you for
all the stuff that you gave me like all
the drawings how many drawings I've got
in here
look there's tons absolutely tons as
loom bands as creepers there's more loom
bands
I got a crisp I got two Christmas
presents look the drawing is just
incredible so I'm gonna lot more joins
in here it's been given so much stuff I
even got like Skylanders and stuff this
one looks cool this one looks pretty
amazing it's like a shark with a with it
I was gonna say a pickaxe working
there's an anchor I got some pictures
here for some letters and I got this
really cool thing it's like a crochet
it's a crochet
I think it's crochet crochet um little
teddy of my skin which is amazing and to
top it all off I have this incredible
canvas that someone's dad painted for me
it is the most amazing thing I've ever
seen in my life it's like it's a picture
that he took at the last insomnia and
where Ellie is is where his daughter was
and they painted Ellie on top and then I
got my skin in the background it's the
most incredible thing I'm gonna put it
even more in my office or in our canvas
wall I think I might put on our canvas
books it's just too amazing not to it's
like a legit painting it's so incredible
look you see all the brushstrokes and
Ellie's face is pretty hilarious look at
that so the battery of my camera is
running out oh wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait I also got chocolate oranges
I've got sweets and there's this that
you saw
before as well so I'm gonna end this
book here because my camera is running
out of batteries I used it
tons today I just want to say thank you
for the most incredible weekend ever it
was amazing and I'm gonna be going to
insomnia 54 in April is early April
apparently anyway so I'll let you know
more about that when I know more about
that but I have literally had the best
weekend ever and it's all thanks to you
guys I met so many of you I lit you did
not suck stop signing stuff and it's
easily my favorite thing to do by far so
thank you guys thank you guys for
watching and I hope you enjoy there'll
be more vlogs coming soon so if you
enjoyed please leave a look at that
thumbs up for being awesome a team at
TDM and I will see you guys tomorrow
