boy in everyone how are you doing today
is the day that I go to Coventry before
insomnia 53 and it's gonna be awesome I
almost said it for a number there I
always get confused with the numbers and
stuff because I go to so many this will
be my fourth one now which is crazy so
yeah I got video uploading it's got 50
no it's done 46% and so I was 109
minutes remaining
that's today's video and then the next
few videos are still rendering or one
left to render and the rest need to just
be uploaded which is also much I can do
overnight and the daily vlog as well um
not sure I'm going to do that but I'll
worry about that later so I'm not going
to Coventry until like 10 p.m. or 9 p.m.
to get there 10 p.m. because I need to
swap stuff I still East are more for my
live show as well which is tomorrow wide
always leave things to the last minute
but I need to do that a to edit today's
daily vlog and we're also just about to
go to town with my nan which should be
awesome we're gonna go and grab some
bits for when Gemma's here over the
weekend with too crazy money plugs we
should be crazy and um yeah that's
pretty much what we're doing next and
I'm just going to take some files off
this camera and then we're gonna go town
so I was gonna vlog in town but because
I'm stupid
as usual I left my battery I took my
camera but left my battery charged in
our home so I've got no footage at all
we went to cluster which is pretty good
because like every copy place is doing
my special drinks now so we had with I
have I had a hot chocolate but with
orange which is like a top orange it was
pretty good and Jeffords
you had a white hot chocolate right it
was good they look good and I had the
the topic because general is night cream
but it tasted good so just taking the
pub for a walk now what else got my new
coat yeah finally got a new coat and is
this or estate huh see the Gemma knows
the alleyways and have better than me by
far I've no idea where we are
but um yeah I needs to get in finish
uploading a few bits and then I can pack
my bag for insomnia because what time is
it it's 5 to 2 and I haven't packed
anything should be 2 bags there's only
like three days I'm I need to iron some
stuff but just wearing the pugs out so
we can CH it out for a little bit before
I go because I had all my videos done in
advance which was awesome so yeah I've
seen a bit guys what time is it what
time is it
yeah yeah it's Pizza time of course
we're gonna have a pizza before I head
off umm it's a tree r-25 okay so I'm not
heading off for a while I'm gonna head
off at like 9:00 but this looks so good
it might steam up a little bit ah yes
for garlic bread in there and everything
it's gonna be so tasty
hi guys
so dumped outside with the dogs and he's
taken dusty outside to the toilet and I
know that he's not going to mention
something hilarious that happened
earlier and that is that Darcy was doing
a poo outside and then sort of like
apparently freaked out and stood in it
and then Dan tried to like have a look
at a foot 60 trod in it and then she
slapped down in the face so didn't
actually have to on his face and mostly
it is eyebrows so and what you should do
is comment below who brow because that
is what I've been saying to Dan all day
and he literally hate this is the
funniest thing ever so he doesn't know
I'm recording this but you probably will
when he comes to edit the vlog anyway so
Hoover my guys backpacks laptop packs
shirred ready to go chewed shoes shoes
ready to go squat ready to go postcards
ready to go and I think I'm ready to go
I think I'm ready to go I'm ten minutes
late
as usual I have to go you guys watch me
on the streamed oh look these cue balls
yeah I know I miss you too but a public
go super fast it was me anyway see me
cool so I guess begger going
I made it alive guys I made it alive
that took a little bit longer than it
should have done but to be honest it was
so foggy I had to drive like 20 miles an
hour slower than normal and it was just
absolutely crazy but I made it I'm good
and I'm here so I might as well show you
around the room that I've got hey guys I
bet it's like a proper Trek to get to my
hotel room as this size of the hotel
last time it's like 10 minutes to get
back to your hotel room so last time I
forgot a lot of things and I've gotta go
get some things from my car as well and
then take the ages but pay I'll stop
moaning because and we have an awesome
weekend so this is where you come in oh
looks like there's some kind of
bloodstains on the floor I'm not sure
well that's about the hey I can live
with those as long as they're not still
in here bleeding that's fine I've got
barf room which is pretty sweet and this
is connected to the actual hotel as well
so I mean the venue so I'm like directly
at insomnia already so it's really cool
so I put a chamb moan about the 10
minute commute so there we go little
cupboard thing beds which I'm literally
gonna lay out on in the second mystery
door now sure this is for that's all it
doesn't open and it's making me a bit
worried I think your voice is weak that
way I can s-something anyway but anyway
and this this is my station this is my
teabag station here we go
there I'm going to make a nice beautiful
tea in a minute so I got some videos to
know whatever got to do I got to finish
my map for today this is the time as
well on this giant giant clock 25 to
11:00 I need to finish my map for
tomorrow I'm so excited though I'm glad
I'm here I'm gonna chill out and oh
there's TV on the wall as well nice I'm
going to it off so I will see you guys
in a bit it's gonna be probably a long
evening I think guys it is literally
it is half past four in the morning I'm
not even joking look the receiver
focuses focus focus look there you go
how possible I've been working on this
life a map for so long I've been
perfecting it hopefully it's perfect
because it becomes wrong on the day that
is just gonna be awful so thank you so
much watching if you did enjoy that
please do big fat thumbs up I'm so
looking forward to seeing those of you
tomorrow I'm talking quietly because
it's so badly slashed blades I don't
really know what to say I'm gonna bed
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
