good afternoon guys how often oon
because I've been doing videos and I
went to the post office to click this
bad boy so I'm gonna open this up I'm
pretty sure it's Skylanders though like
the tablet version so I want to show
that office apparently it's insane let
me just get my car sick vo apparently
it's really good so you can play the
full Skylanders game there's all my xbox
one and stuff on your tablet so
definitely gonna explore more about that
and yeah I'd better get home and make
some more videos it's 5 to 2 and made
quite a few I did a project that is
coming out soon it's gonna be on TV as
well it's so busy but I'm doing it do
not use prepare videos for insomnia
that's why I'm doing so many videos so
let's go home shall we well Ellie set
off those dogs how you doing guys it's
been a while since I've lost and that's
because I have been doing a lot of work
you coming close I'm trying to walk to
at the same time which is quite
difficult because they both walk at
different speeds
zilbert hard and I'm a little bit lost
because where we live is like a very big
Darcy come on so does is just like I'm
not gonna walk anymore I don't want to I
don't want to have been on a long walk
but it's kind of like a maze where we
are but um she seems do doing ok and I
think I found the way home come on guys
let's go crossing the world present
world person who wrote one let's call
this chorus girl let's go see I got a
lot of videos and play because I need to
and I did manage to do I think I'm
managing to do two videos a day I'm not
sure but might have to kind of cut down
on some days but I need to get home I'm
definitely lost oh dear I made it home
yes
I didn't get that lost what just kind of
like found an alleyway that I recognized
and just went up it and hope for the
best and it worked it was good girl
Darcy yeah so yeah 2 bucks is pre it's
not too difficult to walk you just like
to have two different walk speeds as I
was mentioning before oh yeah check out
these really cool lights look please
call like the djembe or like really
Christmassy but also really cool at the
same time look and they're solar powers
I don't need batteries at all or like a
plug or anything very very nice I swear
just heard something move over
but I'm not gonna go in look I'll let
the pugs go and look so yeah it's been a
busy day today
it feels really late but it's only
twenty to five that's not too bad at all
we just need to eat and then I can deter
Alice today because I've got the rest of
my stuff already planned videos just
need to be uploaded but that's just like
literature shoving them out to uploaded
on my thumbnails day to be over core did
like a draw my thing as well would you
would have seen already and then the
lots of cool videos plan for tomorrow
and the future as well so these guys
stop fighting we can go back inside and
chill yeah no they said no they're just
gonna fight I'm gonna fight okay okay
see you later guys bye so guys I just
got some cool info about my app it's
almost ready
almost it's this close but I'll let you
know as soon as possible
hopefully it will be ready tomorrow I
hope so anyway except won't do a couple
of changes to it and then it'll be ready
to go so I've just made swear something
in the fridge just moved it might be the
eyes but anyway I just made this it's a
sticky toffee pudding and it's alright
smells really good oh man and he
definitely wants you any don't you
oneness she said yeah I definitely do so
what am i doing now I am actually making
which is really called the live map that
I'm gonna be playing insomnia on Friday
and I said today I talked about like
insomnia timings and stuff but what I
really need to do is talk about that on
my main channel so I'm sure you all see
that but anyway I'll leave a link in
description below to like the timings
and stuff all the insomnia stuff so that
you know where I'm gonna be when and
then I'll be around about the convention
all three days as well so I actually
can't wait now now that I've got my
videos almost done for it I'm super
excited but now I'm super excited to eat
this and I'm gonna Gemma's watching my
blog on TV that's really weird there's
like a bigger me in a room that's really
weird I was going to show you something
ah I remember oh that thing that I was
cooked earlier will microwaved it was
not good not good
that company makes really good um other
desserts and stuff so I tried that and
it wasn't good it wasn't good but the
other one it's nice so I'm gonna have to
get those instead and I was going to
show you the package I talked about was
it right to the beginning of the vlog
where I got something about Skylanders
so I'm gonna show you that right now
because it's a little bit different to
the other Skylanders and we're reading
through some of the comments on the vlog
and yes this has been there for ages
because I'm literally tell them tell
that terrible Oh clean up so now that I
know that you guys know is it will make
me clean up so thanks guys
thanks it also looks like there's a
rabbit in my shadow
that's secretly why I keep it there to
be honest so where is it it's over here
let's sit down together and talk about
it so it's this it's another Skylanders
trap team pack but look tablet tablet
startup like all and the rest of this
room is messy not because I'm lazy but
because that room through there is going
to be my office so I don't need to
unpack this because it's pointless and I
just moved into there so I need to
unpack it into there if that even makes
sense because we're not completely done
yet but let me take you through this and
it's a tablet version of Skylanders trap
team but it's not a bad version so you
know you should get like a console
version in the tablet version this is
the full game on tablet it's got the
games you have to download the app for
it then you've got this wireless it
shows you better on the back actually
what's on the side on the side look
check this out right then so it gives
you the app also gives you character
poster which you don't get in the full
version of the console you also get this
a wireless trapped alien portal and this
really sick looking controller it looks
so good
and you get the traps trading cards and
other stuff as well and batteries as
well very cool very cool indeed and look
look how cool this controller is if it
focuses look that's insane I wonder if
that works on other games as well if
that works on other games this is like
the best thing ever and you've got the
wireless trapped alien portal as well
I'm not sure if these characters these
characters must work on the main ones
they literally look exactly the same so
they must do and I can't wait to try
this out it's going to be really
course you can play trap team on the go
that's literally the best thing ever
isn't it so tomorrow is going to be a
busy day because I need to sort out some
things for insomnia still not sure
blocks I tell my computer off already
but it's a lot this a lot actually is it
I don't know how my computer on but I
need to edit this vlog so I'm going to
end this blog now and I will see you
guys tomorrow so tomorrow trying to
think if I'm doing anything interesting
my doing anything interesting probably
ninety to repair the depth prepare for
insomnia I need to build my map a little
bit more cuz I didn't get too far with
it but I learned how to use world at it
which is something I've never used
before so I've known how to use that and
it's actually pretty good shock the walk
would the world edit is actually really
good but other no I walked in here and
turn alone I just want to do it but
anyway I'm going to end today's vlog
here before I talk even more rubbish so
I hope you enjoyed it if you did please
do give a big fat thumbs up I'll see you
guys tomorrow
