let's go shopping shopping whoo whoo
whoo put them guys so we are shopping
today as I mentioned in the little
interim before he bought a ton of stuff
and now I was shopping for home bits
found anything yet anything yet so
that's pretty cool to the jingle that's
cool
hopefully it will put up like a door or
something so jingles every time
oh okay it's going in where we're going
after this we do you want to go to where
next to the moment wanna go to a bigger
next I think because they've got some
cool stuff here but there's lots of
Christmas stuff in next I'm gonna get
lots of Christmas things all lots of
clothes already so if you can see mom is
kidding holding in absolutely kidding
it's got it bag number one Vittorio's
stuff it looks so good
there's amazing bubble baths and stuff
but wizard ones Christmas ones so cool
guys isn't this the coolest to show you
the scene I need a new adventure time to
shook so I have all my Birds
but it's this Gunther the perfect little
penguin so I'm gonna buy that we've also
got bags two and three we're getting a
bags three and four if I can carry them
all that is we now have five bags five
bags
what a being poor ball is huge we bought
so much stuff they've had to go back to
the car from his look my arm is about to
break and you will support it and I need
a tea so badly we need to take his pit
stop go and have a tea and probably a
cake as well because a two sugar rusty
how many family bags we got I'm putting
the carpet two three four five six seven
eight bags that's not too bad because
we've been here for how long like an
hour two hours
for me too
22 to 1103 hours okay that's not too bad
either
look how high up we are in a car park
you can actually see like the whole town
it doesn't look that impressive on
camera but look it's amazing versus good
at night we've returned with many bags
did another put these on the backseat
there's no room okay look all these bags
we're running so late at me did you go
like five minutes around our favorite
shop which has loads of weird quacky
stuff and it's really awesome I'll show
you something look at this it's huge
that size my hand it's massive so many
clocks but it's not just like a wall of
clocks in my house and then there's
stuff like this have no idea
everything's so Christmassy look how
much Christmas stuff there is like
handles galore as well there's so much
hello sir
see stuff like this interesting green
elephant with pink eyes Wow
or you could store your things in a
crocodile
such weird stuff but it's so cool I
think we need to go another would yet we
need so much shopping oh my goodness so
we're finally home guys we were out for
humming way out for six hours five hours
five or six hours so we did a lot of
shopping and we went to collect the pogs
because we left them like a little
daycare which is cool and they loved it
so Ellie's still got energy but Darcy is
just absolutely conked out in a little
pen over there there we go so what we're
gonna make now we're gonna make crepes
oops
fine I'm gonna make wraps by myself
let's go make wraps because we're hungry
oh and I had this amazing thing at M&S
Marks and Spencers it's called a
gingerbread latte it's pretty much a
coffee that tastes like gingerbread and
it was so so nice it was really really
nice so I suggest if you like coffee
you know ginger bread and you want the
two combines then go for it absolutely
tasty and next time you're gonna have
they do like a hot chocolate with orange
in so I'm gonna have that as well so
let's make these we've got tikki chicken
chica chicken tikka chicken slices
they're gonna go in wraps this should be
tasty wraps
I know apps are complete here we go one
with ketchup and tikka beans probably a
weird combination but I'm going to try
BBQ as well that one looks a lot better
than this one but they won't look good
and they're both going to get demolished
basically guys I'm done I have just
edited no that's a lie I've just
recorded three videos Wow considering
being out all day that's actually pretty
good and now I'm hungry and I'm sure
Gemma is as well Jam are you hungry
I've recorded three videos
Thanks and we've also got all this shop
into um doesn't say unboxed that's not
really the right word
I'm bag where the bows ah ah also II
didn't mean to wake you but look how
cute you are you look like a different
dog
you're huge she looks like a French
what's it called
yes she's grown tons we worked out
earlier how much does she grow an hour
or a minute
oh she goes like 6 grams a minute was
there yeah something like because she
grows she's growing like 600 grams in 10
days so she's literally growing every
hour she's a different weight in size
that's crazy that's crazy
and then we have the original bowl over
here just like nope leave me alone
don't wake me up if you wake me up oh I
will how about you oh she's so cute she
loves this blanket as well on she has a
dummy
she loves the dummy but she chooses the
wrong end of it look not good so yeah
I've recorded three videos so food yeah
food please do some food I really want
to have some mac and cheese because my
throat hurts because I've been recording
so what do you what do you want to eat
scribe a look let's go we'll have a look
and then I guess we need to do like a
cat walk because pretty much all we
bought today will close not gonna lie
clothes clothes and more clothes we're
gonna do Christmas shopping but just
didn't just didn't um oh look it's a
chocolate honeycomb happiness ice cream
in the back I don't know about this
Oh shoes from top men
yep shoes jeans from top men and shirt
from top men basically your top man
outfit number two modeled by Dan coming
in oh my god walking people are waiting
to see your outfit right here we go I'm
just hot dog sauce all right so we've
got socks from darling jeans from Oh top
from top manager all from top that bags
I think you spent too much money that no
no what look what kind of pockets a
tease
where am I supposed to put my phone well
your phone's ridiculously big anyway no
no no one has a phone that thin look
look look no one has a phone that thin
I'm confused
let's move on to outfit number three
outfit free well it's not ready outfit
free its jumper free I guess look I got
a jumper it's really nice that she looks
like a psycho waffle not sure if that's
gonna focus on up but your comfy I love
me jumpers oh my stop is ready I'm gonna
go eat my macaroni cheese not in this
jumper rich I need to change out this
first of all you can guarantee I'm gonna
get it down it of course nice for you
Ellie who's gonna win our dad know
they're fighting on me
I think Ellie's win yeah Darcy get up
get up get up come on George
this is what they do every day all day
every day
something's telling me to this pug dawn
and go outside I'm not sure what it is
by the whole thing she does but she has
to and she's going to go for it or it's
so um where do I leave you lost might be
when I finish my videos and we made the
remain trapped so did we make macaroni
and cheese or did we make none of the
above I don't really know but Ellie
Eddie come on in
she's completely ignoring me she's so
sad she'd have been sleeping for ages
they went to daycare and they had an
absolute crazy time they loved it so
that was awesome they're going to sleep
until morning oh she's been sleeping
since they got in a little bit of a play
but apart from that just it was crazy
they they had such a good time there and
on the owner has a pug which I think I
mentioned before but she absolutely
loves it both of them do right then so
I'm gonna end the vlog here hopefully
you enjoyed it because it was a little
bit different more out of the house than
usual and I still managed to record
three videos I don't know how I managed
to do it but I did and I've got to get
up early and just record a load of
videos because insomnia is coming up and
I need to do a live show on the Friday
and insomnia I'll talk more about this
tomorrow but I need to go I'm going to
be doing a live let's play which is
going to be so good so if you were in
Sanya on Friday
come and see my live show it's gonna be
so good so let me just go inside okay
maybe I'm outside with Darcy instead but
anyway um what I was saying was I've got
a live event happening at the
multiplayer insomnia 51 on Friday which
is gonna be awesome it's going to be
like a live video pretty much so it
should be awesome I still need to put
that but I'll talk about it more
um tomorrow I'll do like a full what I'm
doing it insomnia little vlog thing
which should be awesome with all the
timings and all that stuff but if you go
to description below there will be a
link to the content schedule already so
me & Greets
live stuff and all that kind of stuff
and doing like one thing every day then
a meet-and-greet on top of that which is
awesome I cannot wait to see you guys I
really can't get you on camera and just
like vlog the whole thing it's gonna be
an insane experience so Darcy is proper
quicker doing a toilet so let's go
inside Oh guys she speaks with my mouth
open how cool is that
and her eyes open slowly as well so yeah
I hope you enjoyed this vlog and if you
did cuz I'm gonna end it here I think
I've said that about three times please
leave a big fat thumbs up that'd be
awesome
and I will see you guys tomorrow
by
