hey everyone it is actually the morning
point it is me just it's ten to nine
which is crazier if me and I'm just
outside in the garden with Ellie because
we're gonna be taking the dog so it's
really cool Christmas fair thing and
it's gonna be lots of like dog themed
stuff and the pugs are gonna be out to
meet Santa Claus yes I know
lucky lucky pugs second Amit's and so it
should be awesome there's also like a
dog cherry as well which is really cool
when she go Ellie I had no idea where
she's gone let me see if I can find her
but yeah it should be really cool it
should be like lots of like food and
presents and like stalls and stuff which
would be really good okay she's around
here that's okay
and um yeah it should be really fun so I
thought I'd bring you guys with me of
course and I'm not sure where else is
gonna be there I know it's gonna be
central for dogs
so don't charity stuff and some stalls
libido nowhere else and it's not too
cold this morning Eva which is good
because it's been freezing the past few
days and last night it was so foggy it
was crazy I just wanna drive and that
was so difficult but anyway we need to
get ready because we walked a little bit
late a little bit but um it is before
9:00 so I hope you're proud of me and um
I will see you guys when we get there
alright guys so I just finished filming
a like a sit-down vlog I like to call
them for the second channel because I
didn't upload what the channel you're
watching on right now because I didn't
upload yesterday I've already told you
about that though but um yeah it was fun
I do like an iPhone thing which is quite
cool because you should kind of like go
for your iPhone and then I showed a
really old picture from two years ago
which was it was bad it was bad quick
listen too bad but I had in my hand like
I had no fringe I had my hair up so if
you want to see that now I leave a link
to it in the description below or you
can just go and check yesterday the
video but yeah it was a little bit
embarrassing but right now I've got Dino
mentions rendering and then what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna go to edit that
vlog now or render that's what I come up
here and then do tomorrow's videos cuz
tomorrow we are going out shopping yes I
think I've already told you that but oh
did you enjoy the Christmas market thing
it was so good I bought food basically
up all these like crepes I think they're
called because it's like French market
and I think it's creme but they're
pretty much like thin pancakes you have
anything in our had lemon and sugar and
then we also got like a jam one and then
a chocolate and banana one I think it
was but they all look tasty mine was
certainly tasty and it was good I was
had like a pain au chocolat dick it's
cold but it's pretty much a chocolate
roll it's called and I also bought an
eclair which I haven't eaten yet so I'm
not so much that later on so I need you
charge my camera cuz I need to record
some other things I don't put Xbox and
stuff I've moved Xbox to Monday because
it's too much to render and upload of my
bad internet to half-hour videos on a
Sunday so it's way too much and they
just want about on time which is bad for
you guys so I move that's on Monday so I
have to upload to like half-hour videos
because it just takes way too long takes
like 2 hours each video by the time I've
rendered them finished recording them it
takes too long so we're gonna make a tea
at this beer I'll see you later
bad bad a bum so I cut them when I
talked to you last I was in this room
though so I was recording my or just
finished recording my video for the this
channel I keep going to say the second
channel but is this channel and I'm just
checking out how this
doing and it's actually doing really
well I'm so glad you guys are enjoying
it some of you didn't really get it but
I loved playing and making that video it
was awesome so I'm glad that you enjoyed
it was really awesome brilliant so I
have just finished recording a mod for
tomorrow I just need to edit the Sims
and the whimsical is like the special
cows model something like that that mod
was actually pretty crazy and unexpected
I do you read much about it I just
thought it would be like there was just
mobs in here so I just thought let's go
in just record it straight away and that
exploded and lightning and stuff you've
probably seen already but it was awesome
so I haven't really recorded much you
went to the market earlier which I
didn't really get too much footage of
unfortunately but I've just been so busy
today making videos because tomorrow
we're going out shopping because we're
just having a day off and I have to work
like doubly today we'll work as in make
video it's not really work it's just
like double the video making really I'd
hate calling it work because I
absolutely love doing it so I've got a
Google Calendar here I have two videos
recorded for tomorrow yeah trying to
keep on this two video thing the five
nights Freddy's videos went down really
well as well but I want to shove in some
new games this week and I've also got a
gets recorded for insomnia which is
going to be very difficult so this
weekend you might only have one video
per day but I'm sure you understand
because I just have so much to do it's
gonna be crazy
absolutely crazy so what am I do is we
called a ton tomorrow evening when we
get home from shopping but I'll be sure
to record the shopping for you and get
on my blog in-game because it's been a
little bit off lately but that's because
I've been so so busy it's madness right
now right let's I should probably check
my email as well I don't really get
money over the weekend I haven't logged
into Skype today either
but let's get this video edited and then
I'll be able to speak to you without
pausing because I'm not think about
anything else this time
lights there we go it's time to make
some tea I'm done got the video is done
for tomorrow and we don't watch a bit of
YouTube actually because I haven't had
time to watch YouTube for a while so I'm
gonna catch up on and that so so so
so would you like to tee good look at
his puggles she's actually getting quite
dark on her back now look it's cool
little luck or they saw it make sure it
grows Oh Oh my face oh no only kiss
pulse what's wrong with you don't show
them your jump-off
I'll get your heads in a jiff your
jump-off ready look how cool that is
it's my jumper but it's cool
see I'm gonna make some tea I've got my
videos on for tomorrow it's cool right
and I'm gonna watch some music videos no
I'm not I'm gonna watch some YouTube
videos where's my car I have them all
the time
but they make good video ideas brought
in tea and I'm kind of Hollywood watch
let's eat something nice something sweet
oh my god I've got my plan yeah yes oh
my goodness baby I think they love each
other
so sleepy Bo's
all right so windy a wet well that was
horrible did you know how Oh like nasty
whoever is outside it's gross it's gross
I couldn't eat the rest of my Eclair
guys it turned out to be like chocolate
in the middle and then I was chocked on
top and I could not eat all but that's
kind of weird saying that because now I
don't really want something quite sweet
and chewy because this is my dad didn't
marry Claire so bad but I want something
sweet and choose from just investigating
we do do look we got strawberry me some
scissors open Oh
can I do it with one hand oh I need to
go and check if twice since we gotta
finish rendering it must be right by now
one hand yeah yeah don't yet done it
these must be two now because they've
been open but companies in the other
room and then interruption as soon as
video is finished we went into mean it
must have done surely must what's going
on in I know Eddie usually just walks
away yes success
that's cute oh my goodness you should
see that oh I need to take a still of
that that's so cute
alright I'm gonna see if my videos
finished rendering are we gonna bed in a
minute
all everyone should have played Mario
Cart instead of watching YouTube videos
should have done it sooner than it what
YouTube videos in beds no the plan has
gone wrong the plan has called me to do
wrong oh I'm gonna check some comments
on my videos actually because I wanna
check how you guys liked leave I always
think I always think of that always end
up staying in this chair somehow as well
yes finish rendering so now I need to
compress it so I can upload it overnight
well I can't believe we are on episode
20 of the sims already that he's
absolutely nuts oh my my brother plays
minecraft video is on a million views
already that's insane
that's mad thank you guys but that's a
mess incredible alright let's go on to
the other channel switch them up and see
your what you thought of the video
almost six times alright that's awesome
well so many also I'd like to sit down
some suggestions on what you should do
why I should do in these videos do react
into old pictures on Facebook that's a
good idea
that's a good idea QA I'll probably do
one of those you tore your house I'm
probably not gonna do that to be honest
yeah lots of people say house so I'm
normal to do a house tour I need to do
and you see my office then I will do a
house one the office is literally the
last thing that's being done so I'll do
an office tour after that a vlog of your
twin brother
hmm mmm the movie would have quite don't
really know where he's gone to be honest
did the video and then just just left
this is really cool and lots of stuff
about the app so the app is really
interesting it should be out soon like
this week like definitely so that should
be good
an are hundred percent sure if it will
be this week buying pretty sure because
I've already got the app which means
it's like fully ready it's just whatever
time it takes to be submitted to the App
Store's so that was a really fun video
to do actually I enjoyed that one so I'm
just going away seven minutes for this
compress and then probably upload that
overnight and head to bed except on the
thumbnails and that as well see I'm so
organizing actually I need to eat these
strawberry laces first all night and
then tomorrow we're going shopping which
should be awesome and I'm just gonna buy
lots of things hahaha guitars a bit now
guys we're not busy video day yeah I
think I made four videos today
considering my now early as well I'm
gonna have people over that's pretty
good a couple of doors freak me out just
slightly open so I'm gonna in the block
now if you enjoy it a big fat thumbs up
will be glorious usually I say awesome
awesome
so glorious today so if you did then
I'll be glorious and we'll see you
tomorrow
