hey everyone damn here and welcome to a
wall not a daily vlog which is a little
bit weird and also apologies for not
doing a daily vlog yesterday I just felt
so awful that I just did not a vlog but
there will be one up tomorrow do not
worry
and it's and it's a good one I'm like
I'm like filming it right now well not
as we speak I'm filming this blog that
it's done it makes sense well today I
thought I'd do a sit-down vlog which you
guys said you would like more of on this
channel so today I'm gonna do the what's
on of my iPhone a video which pretty
much says what's my phone it tells you a
little bit about me through my phone
hopefully anyways so basically let's get
started so I have an iPhone 6
at the moment I used to have an iPhone
4s and then I skipped the fire and then
went straight to the 6 so I absolutely
love it so far the screens bigger is
just awesome I really really like it the
case I haven't in the moment does not
tell anything about my personality oh
yeah I have the gold version as well so
have the gold iPhone because I didn't
get the gold one before and I wish I had
the gold one so I got the gold one this
time I'd be good as gold if you put a
case on the back it would just disappear
so what I did instead was by I'm just
going to get out there we go
it feels so naked without it oh my
goodness like I'm holding a newborn baby
Wow
so yeah this is the case that I've got
right now it's wow look how dirty that
is oh my goodness you don't know this
until you take out the case but look
it's just like a sea fruit case because
I wanted to see the shiny gold bear I
bought the gold one so why not it hasn't
like oh a white front as well which is a
bit different to what I was used to but
I really like it so this is currently my
wallpaper it is Gemma and Ellie as well
good job I didn't get that the wrong way
around and I need one we've tasked you
on it as well I really do and I'm
currently filming this at 1542 amazing
what's my battery looking like what does
they even say is that 20 something
that's not too bad for me to be honest
so let's unlock this and unlock my
deepest darkest secrets so obviously the
first app I have my phone is messages
not gonna show you in there at all there
Mike Allen
then is that photos oldie I'm showing
you my life on the screen right now I
tell you what let me go back to my first
a photo on this phone actually this is
the first photo that was on my 4s
because I backed it up and then
transferred it over to this phone so let
me have a look it is what is this oh
dear so this is a photo that I took on
the 13th of December 2012 oh man so I'm
gonna I'm gonna block out James face cuz
I don't know if you want it to be shown
but this was my hairstyle two years ago
almost Wow yeah
you've only make the face yeah that's
exactly what I love like I had like
short hair it's very very weird but
that's the first photo this on my phone
don't even ask I have no idea and my
most recent photo is of me and Darcy so
I guess we put Darcy in Arizona if you
didn't know Ellie and Darcy are mine and
Jeffers parks and Gemma is my wife just
in case you are new to this channel and
this is the phone I just put up don't
know if you can see that there we go but
it's on my Instagram right now you can
go and check that out in description
below right there next up we have a
videos I'm pruno I have no videos at all
I have the amazing spider-man 2 on here
I didn't know that but apart from that
nothing else I've got notes and
literally all my notes look this is a
note let me go back to my first note on
this I'm gonna guess it's about December
time yeah it is and it's I don't know if
you can see that but it's actually
complete instructions on how to cook a
Christmas dinner yeah it's got timings
on it it's got the degrees it needs to
be see that's what you need iPhones for
knowing how to cook of course and that's
probably what I should leave in those
because the rest is literally like
shopping lists another weird around them
stove link got App Store which needs 17
updates I should probably do those as
well then iTunes clock utilities books
see that most of these apps that have on
my phone right now are just like it
completely
like the normal ones you get on here
because you can't delete them and
there's no point moving them because
otherwise my phone screen would look
really weird does anyone else have that
when they install new app move it to the
front page they're like this is not my
phone you look completely different it's
like a person wearing a mask but they
don't have the interesting ones which
are Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube
all are very very standard and then the
YouTube studio app if you can see that
it's actually a really cool app if
you're a youtuber you can check check
all your comments you can upload you can
edit descriptions and tags and all that
kind of stuff when you're on the go
which is awesome then I have settings of
course twitch because you need to watch
streams on the go as well then I have
the train line because I use a lot of
trains it's just easier to go and then
instead of like checking the timetable
when you are at the train station
you can just it's just quicker to search
the Train there and then you can just be
like oh this is my next train let's go
find it and then I usually miss here and
have to find the next one and then I
have an app called a TeamViewer right
here which is an absolute lifesaver it's
pretty much if you have it installed on
a computer you can control your PC in
your main computer so this one right
here from my phone it's so good like
when I forget to do something or and it
sets something to render on the way out
when I'm going out I can literally set
it to compress and upload from my phone
which is incredible and use all the
files on my computer it's really really
good so if you're a youtuber or you just
want to use your PC from your phone I
highly recommend it
then I move on to a London Tube map
guide which is amazing because you can
literally open it up as you can see
right here and then you put in like
where you need to go and go route and
then say I want to go Kings Cross the
Hammersmith I could do that it tells you
what to get on what time and how long
it's gonna take
it's a beautiful app than how calendars
messenger facebook Messenger that it
forced me to install my second page is
literally full of the standard apps like
the top half then I have three uber eBay
insta collage which I've used like maybe
four times a speed test app because I
tested my speed on my phone my three
jeeps that's why I was using to upload
before we had internet in this new house
and it was like three times faster than
my home Internet and still it's so
terrible
then I have sky Wi-Fi test flight
Ryanair which like an airline thing
which is really awesome I've started to
use it a lot so if you just like travel
like on a plane you can download the
company's app you're flying with and use
a boarding pass on your on your phone
instead of printing owls nothing to
shuffle around find pieces of papers
just on your phone I'm ready to go it's
beautiful but I had this once I went on
like a day trip why I flew twice in the
same day had the boarding pass on my
phone but nowhere else and my phone was
running out of battery I was like oh my
god what what am I gonna do if it runs
out I'm look about to board my plane so
if you do that make sure your phone's
battery is good otherwise you're gonna
be missing your plane ah this one's
interesting I've got a just eat out up
here but can you see what that one is
can you can you see it it's a little
little bit of diamonds there can you see
that and that is the only hints I'm
giving you as to what is coming because
I don't think am I allowed to show you
it I don't really know I think I'm gonna
do it anyway so I'm gonna press this
yeah I have my own app it's not out yet
but I have a whole new video and talking
about my new app which should be out I'm
pretty sure next week it's awesome and I
absolutely love it I'm the only one
who's got it right now because it's my
app bomb it should be amazing what it
will be amazing you know it will be then
of course I have the just eat app which
is absolutely perfect for you guys in
the UK I don't think it's anywhere else
like in America Australia or wherever
you live I have no idea but it's perfect
for just like finding somewhere that
doesn't take away and ordering it on
your phone and for someone needs lot
takeaways it's perfect and that is
pretty much what's on my phone and then
I have my emails which you can see
there's like two hundred and forty three
of them so bad I have music as well I
guess I can scroll through my music
quickly because you probably don't know
that too well just give you a quick
scroll and the one on the bottom that
you is that you to get off my phone I
didn't install you you just on my phone
I don't like that at all but yeah music
well okay yeah if you want to see more
videos just like this maybe once a week
then please do and let me know by
leaving a big fat thumbs up
comment down below or both if you're
feeling really generous and I'll
definitely do them because they're
really fun and also suggests you know
this is what you should do leave a
thumbs up if you want to see more and
then comment down below with the future
videos that you would like to see just
like this one so again thank you for
watching if you enjoy that please do
consider subscribing I do daily vlogs
and then if you like these are we doing
these too so thank you're watching daily
block will be coming tomorrow again
sorry for not posting one yesterday a
bad person but please forgive me and I
will see you all tomorrow
