guys it's the first of December and you
know that means well kind of it means
that we're gonna put up our Christmas
tree and we're doing that right now so
let's do this so this space right here
is where we're gonna put the tree and
speak in a tree it's in this box so I
guess you better get started there we go
it started the tree has begun but we
need to fluff it all out and then we
need to add the decorations this is
gonna take longer than I thought
fully fluff tree and now just put some
decorations on it
whoo well I think Eddie likes the tree
Ellie do you like the tree under there
are you doing buddy you okay
Ellie loves Christmas
done
we did it we finished it we've got
literally everything on the tree that we
had last year and it looks awesome and
we've also well we've also got very
lights around the edge too I love the
way very lights look little closer so
yeah that's the Christmas tree done I
think it looks as awesome if not more
awesome than last year so while I've got
you guys here we might as well talk
about the word of the title vlogmas now
honestly i completely forgot about
vlogmas this year but i mean you guys
have been tweeting at me asking me in
person and my meetups and stuff am i
doing vlogmas again because last year i
vlog every day of december it's kind of
a finger vloggers do where they call it
vlogmas and vlog every day up until
Christmas and I replied with I don't
know if I'm doing it and I thought you
know what I'm gonna try because I've
been trying to upload to this channel
and I've got literally like two vlogs
worth of content that I recorded about
two or three maybe even four weeks ago I
just haven't had time to edit yet so I
might stick these into the blog --mess
month but I'm also I'm not going to
guarantee you that there's gonna be
every single day either
just because I'm gonna have a busy month
anyway and I do wanna upload more vlogs
for this channel so I will be kind of
doing like a 1/2 blog mess which which
over you guys will enjoy so basically
I'm kind of doing vlogmas but I'm not
gonna promise you guys that it's gonna
be every single day we've got some cool
stuff going down this month and that
also means it's gonna be busy as well so
yeah vlog mmus Christmas even is
creeping up on me very very quickly look
up how blue it goes from all the other
fairy lights and stuff but um yeah vlog
mmus and Christmas too crept up on me
very very quickly so what's the plan now
um it's about 5:00 to 9:00 which means
The Apprentice which is a
British TV show I think you had in the
US as well - the TV show that me and Jem
are fully addicted to and we need to eat
as well because we spent so long putting
up the Christmas decorations that we
haven't eaten yet so I need to cook that
eat that and watch The Apprentice review
after this see Otis that guy's so quick
apprentice review it was a really good
episode as she forgot they this was the
episode they were making a virtual
reality game and it was really cool but
also really cringe because they have no
idea how to make video games of course
but um it's actually been a long time
since I've logged last because it's now
yep almost half past one in the morning
but I have a good reason I've literally
just completed a Pokemon Sun and Moon
well Pokemon moon so I've just completed
it I've been so addicted to this game
since it came out I finally completed
the story
well actually I'm pretty sure there's
some more story that's after the main
story if that makes sense but I need to
work on completing my pokedex so I can
get the awesome thing called the shiny
charm to do some shiny pokemon hunting
which I am so ready for but now I need
to go sleep we've actually got two sick
dogs at the minute so we are going to
move well I'm going to move this
mattress downstairs so we can sleep
downstairs with them because we keep an
eye on them and that's not very easy
when we sleep upstairs so I'm gonna move
the mattress downstairs because that
means I don't feel any different
sleeping down there and the dogs are
feeling safe so I guess I'd better do
that late night workout for me
oh now what oh it's going it's going
ha ha I did it
whoa that could have gone a lot worse to
be fair so yeah we are sleeping right
here today I guess we're lucky because
the TV will be right up there which
isn't too bad and now we have the
awesome lighting of the Christmas tree
and the fairy lights too so I'm actually
gonna end this vlog here I don't know
how long it's going to be so if I didn't
make sense earlier because I'm a bit
worried I didn't make sense earlier
vlogmas is kind of back but I can't
promise it's going to be every single
day excited have no idea my days can go
from doing just videos to literally like
a list of 10 different things so I'm not
gonna promise every day but I'm going to
do my best to vlog as much as possible
in December whoo I'm a brief I also
can't promise how long these vlogs are
going to be but I'll try and get some
stuff up for you guys if you're excited
leave a big fat thumbs up that'd be
awesome excited to be back making vlogs
for you don't worry about the dogs by
the way I did say we have two sick ones
but they're absolutely fine I will fill
you guys in tomorrow but for now it's
almost 2 a.m. and I need to go to sleep
so and thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you all soon
goodbye
