ah man I cannot wait to get my hair cut
it's just so much right now so much
everywhere so much so hey how are you
doing today guys how are you doing so
today has been a productive day for me
it's 5 to 5 it's a little bit late to
start blogging but that's because I've
had a super productive day today I got
up I edited 2 videos edited yesterday no
way today's vlog than I edited something
else what did I edit um no I compressed
on today's mini game and then I also
uploaded two videos now I've recorded
just now diamond dimensions for tomorrow
so you're proud of me I thought you
would be I thought you would be so
tomorrow is pretty much gone I think I
might record a second video for tomorrow
like a free flash game because a while
ago I did something called Islam bees in
your backyard and that went down really
well and it's a really fun game to play
so I'm going to do that already pick
someone today as well which is uploading
currently right now it still has let me
just quickly check how long it's gone so
I'm 46 percent has 76 minutes remaining
jeez it's so killer and I need to upload
a vlog as well which is crazy and do
some Skype things as well so the
Internet's not being my friend today and
I'm trying to load the game is just not
working please load ok doesn't like it's
gonna load anytime soon so what i'm
gonna do i'm really hungry as well so i
need to make dinner we got some family
coming around so i want to make a dinner
rather than just order one because we
keep having takeaways and it's not good
oh yes devoted yeah so i'm going to
record this now whether our user or not
is depending on how good the game is cuz
I could either play the game and then
record it afterwards or just play the
game with my initial reactions which I
think ones is what would be best but
I'll take a look at it see if is worth
here and yeah I don't think I've got
much I was planned today we've walked
the pugs and now I've just been making
videos all day that's all I've been
doing I watched a couple of videos as
well which was cool and sorted out some
emails and that's pretty much it I
haven't really even much today he looks
I've been so busy and oh I ordered a new
lens so that lens I was walking out
yesterday actually went ahead and
ordered so I can take the old one back
tomorrow and click the new one and I've
got so many ideas videos for this
channel and the
the channel was on my main channel and I
really I really have looking forward to
like using cameras more because it
something really interested me obviously
cuz I just love making videos this will
be equal to experiment with videos and
kind of a step up my video game video my
video making a game damn that was hard
to say so I'm gonna do this I'll see you
guys later
so guys that game turned out to be
incredibly funny it was awesome so I
played it with like without playing it
beforehand and check it out so I just
like straight up recorded it it was
hilarious it was awesome and it made me
like rekindle my love of a stick figure
game chose to play those with knowledge
younger as well when the internet was
like a new thing when playing games on
the net was a new thing anyway for free
games and it was really fun so I can't
wait for you guys to see that you might
already seen it actually because this
goes up tomorrow so yeah it was really
fun and I'm liking being able to like
free up slots for new games and just
like having more fun in videos obviously
dimensions and sorry time and damages
will be up tomorrow too but this makes a
good change and it's fun so come on
pogies it's it's not very nice out here
it's raining a little bit so pug is you
need to go toilet now because I'm
getting wet times made some late night
toast and yes I say late night I have
not flogged much today at all and that's
because I've made four videos I think
those four videos but I'm gonna make
some toast now and then going a bit good
I'm tired I'm so tired a the tree those
videos took all of my brainpower but I'm
excited about tomorrow so I get my new
lens getting my mop chopped which is
good good news for everyone
ah finally and what else we doing
tomorrow do something else we're taking
their dogs to get their nails clipped
and something else something else is
happening but I'm not sure so tomorrow
is a little bit more of an action-packed
day this is very hard to do with one
hand I'm just going to do three slices
which is a little bit weird but gentle
to share some with me one sec one sec
one sec I'm feeling pretty hungry right
now are you sure you only want like a
slice or something because I am hungry
so I'm gonna have two slices
jam or toast okay I'm having honey on
toast young
omnomnom I love honey on toast and I
don't know why those guys are watching
poker that's so great is that it's that
late that just poker is on the TV let me
just have a manipulative bread just to
go back on here because bread whoa look
at that
and if you can see it yet look at that
it's so weird it's got like a lip shape
in it half of strange is that is the
holiest piece of brain I've ever seen
you get it get it I don't even know if I
was pointing at my face then but there
you go so yeah get my new lens for my
main camera tomorrow and I've got tons
of ideas for this channel and the other
channel using it to do Mike more can
stop if that even makes sense I can't
really describe it without saying what
its gonna be so I'm not going to and we
also had some family rallies and friends
around and it was good it was good just
to kind of chill out introduce everyone
to the pugs and just have a good time so
I need two separate plates here and I
need a knife as word so this is another
kind of little section of cooking with
TDM I bleach Fiona vlogs twice today I
think it was twice we need to separate
knifes as well aren't I so yeah I'm
ready from twice today and that one was
before I started recording the stick man
video which was actually really really
funny in the end and I'm definitely
going to do more of that kind of stuff
and also I've vlog after the stick man
videos so yeah I've already said how I'm
going to do more kinds of stuff like
that and I hope you enjoy as well of
course I like to play other games as
well as Minecraft and I want to share
that with you guys is what all
especially free games because I have a
time to play free games in a while
there's a good kind of like discover
them because they are really good now
but when I used to play them when I was
younger on there
we had like flash games like that below
and no end
you're as good as they are now like
they're proper 3d and stuff and I want
to show you these as well check these
out we've got these sweet jars and we
didn't fill them up until the other day
but look since it's Christmas we've got
all the cool kind of sweets coming out
I've got these these my favourite these
are little strawberries and then we've
got the classic look at these we
definitely need more of these we've got
our gold and silver chocolate coins so
the silver ones are white and gems
favourite almost favorite strawberry
blonde munch edge of lemon balm one's
the best so they're really cool and it
just literally just satisfies my sweet
tooth so much I've got a lot of I've got
a big sweet tooth huge y'all know that
I've got about a I've got another toast
oh god oh god ah
almost almost done just one done yeah
that one's definitely done so I'm gonna
do this and we're back a sec chat
monteux's jam on Charles jam on tours
jam on toast is in coming soon coming
guys I think this one's for Ellie right
no no no it's not for Ellie now I'm
going to make me onion toast so what do
you guys like on toast
I don't like Americans eat toast that
much I have no idea but I we toast like
a lot so I'm gonna put Psalm where is
the honey I'm good my toast is getting
cold quick honey in a long time so I'm
literally addicted to it right now I
have this stuff like at this thing where
I just don't eat something for ages and
then I'll find something I really like
rediscovered like honey and then I'll
eat it loads they have it honey on toast
nom nom nom and there we go
cereal each end and now I want to drink
some milk so that's what I'm gonna do
right from this oh yeah beautiful milk
um when I'm going to read the fruit I
really want to drink milk and I might
have one of these actually one of these
I've talked about earlier I'm definitely
gonna have one I've tried one of these
yeah I'm not sure can I open it with one
hand
Oh get in there okay I think I'm doing
it yes there these are so nice is my
favorite by far
mmm I'm not about to speak now
very well haha right now no not
not now I definitely cannot speak oh
there we go so thank you so much for
watching today's with those guys I'm
sorry I didn't block too much but it's
just one of those busy busy days so
thanks so much for watching if you did
enjoy them please leave a big thumbs up
and I will see you all tomorrow I'm
getting most of this cut off
