yo what's up guys it is later in the
afternoon that Steelers have been busy
making videos have a little bit of a
lie-in until about 10:00 which isn't a
massive line I guess but I guess it is
for some of you to go school and stuff
so I'm just about to finish making this
tea Wow
that spoon is really hot let's stay in
there for quite a while and make a tea
and then we've just been to the shop we
took the dogs with us just to UM give
them a walk cuz there's a shop not too
far from us I got some goodies or some
bread to do some bread and also these oh
yeah jam donut so we're gonna destroy
these in a second also got these cuz I
absolutely love them and yeah I think I
pinched it so today I had the wall
yesterday we had the issue with the Xbox
video which was really random and I
fixed it I fixed the thing that all I
did was rear ender I had nothing else to
do with it and then I said to upload
overnight so it would go public about
3:00 a.m. our time which isn't too bad
for the Americans watching and I woke up
this morning I was like oh just check if
it's done and it done four percent it
got stuck at 4 percent which is really
annoying because I literally left it as
3 percent so I could have made me if I
check back fixed it but hey I didn't so
I'm going to do is upload as a second
video for today we got Sims as well
which I've already recorded and then I'm
gonna record two more videos so that I'm
ahead and that means I'm a day ahead so
hopefully we'll have no more like
internet issues anymore but for now
we're going to chill out for a little
bit
I've got some cool TV to watch there
which I'll let you know about and
Walking Dead notice another episode is
up last week's was really weird
I might have to rewatch it because it
was that weird but um there we go tea is
made just made a tea with one hand be
proud of me
be proud me look at that lucky as well
and he's mad of course
she's like we found out with Darcy she's
really like a calm dog but um Eddie is
quite grumpy this is not your gonna be
dog and I put myself in for a haircut on
Wednesday so you went to see all of this
hair anymore it's okay I'm not gonna get
it
doctors treatment of course so yeah
we're gonna chill up a little bit and
then I'll make some videos but now we
need to munch on this beautiful goodness
let's go find out no you noted you
actually asleep yeah she was oh my god
only came in here for little play how
strange
why don't we do it a synchronized dogs
at synchronized dance ready ta take the
dog hey buck she really wanted the pink
fee oh they buckled it assuming we win
the tug-of-war he's gonna win it
get ready get it hard
don't put her around
Oh
so cute
pugs are crazy what are you doing guys
be careful
nah my goodness at least not getting oh
no no the chase is on the chase is on
the chase is ready to go oh I definitely
need to watch that again I'll ask you
before anyone anything anyway I need to
make it something those hilarious little
pug run I'm making some dip right now
I've been waiting for it to defrost play
Aegeus I couldn't know what it is it's
been that long
let me see if it's cooked fing top it on
for another minute just to be sure Ryan
this grand safety pugs have calmed down
their employee fighting for pages how
did we come from the same bottled water
bowl even not bottle you guys are nuts
absolutely not this one is a good drink
don't you look at you drip drop him from
the chin you're a nice clapping / yeah
well Darcy certainly who's anyone for
money
even though Eddie's like three times the
size of her Darcy still goes for it she
still goes for it I definitely made the
right decision in putting him for
another minute it actually looks really
good now if you make microwave meals I'm
not sure how many of you actually will
I'm probably zero of you oh god oh god
oh god oh my goodness you've judged my
vlog where's she going
she's like the speed of sweet of Lights
here she comes again she's got so much
energy and she stops so yeah if any of
you make microwave meals why don't they
do them upside down because I serve them
and they look like this when they look
the other way up in the packet you
should serve them upside down don't you
agree
lakotas Anya the server upside down so
that when you serve it it's the right
way up it's good it's a good idea these
problems must be so tired you see how
fast you came in
oh my goodness right I'm currently
waiting for this to process it's a
little bit late because I ran out of 3G
dato which means ivory used about 12
gigs and about I don't know like three
weeks which isn't too bad but I tried to
do it a little bit quicker with 3G just
to drain it so in half on 3G and half on
the rest
let me just add my my thumb now and then
that should go live as soon as it's done
processing and I've already put up my
Sims video today so all you doing
did you just pick your nose Oh a for you
picking your nose I was like why you
know this is going on the internet right
so we're gonna chill for a bit watchin
TV to some good TV on tonight before the
apprentice was on but it's not that's on
Wednesday but Walking Dead is and some
of our programs too so we're gonna do
that and we'll see you guys later I'm
gonna this as well for gets cold
Darcy's found the turtle doorstop and
his is turned upside down so it was
don't write to be upside down Darcy you
know that she's still gonna do it anyway
you want me in his most vulnerable
position let me take him on the right
way and see if she puts it back on but
no Cuban it is so cool it's for the face
while she's licking it now
do all your doing just a moment ago
people want to see it the evil within
Darcy there there you go like a whole
head in your mouth okay you're noisy
sister time to make it tea mugs look the
monks in the upper room anyway let's
make it tea there's no more on the camel
of course so I want to have a tea get
ready for walking average starts about
when just over 15 minutes using this
fridge magnet by the way my brother got
it and this one is well back way fatty
oh yeah so I'm going to grab okay cuz
well forgot about the cake I came in
here to grab these or did like coming
here
these or one of these people bought me a
lot of chocolate oranges from a birthday
I think people know that I like
chocolate oranges that much and it comes
out around like Christmastime so yeah
got a lot of the choc oranges mmm
absolutely love as well how many these I
think so I'm going to eat these make a
tea and then after Walking Dead I'm
going to make some more videos so that
I'm ahead because I've had the chance to
date the airhead so I'm going to and
hopefully that'll set the trend for the
rest of the day the rest of the week
sorry because I need to get some videos
done for for Coventry because what I'm
going to insomnia I need to get three
videos done in advance which is gonna
help if I can start getting days ahead
now so let's make this tea
I'm gonna go make some videos now seem
to be I'm gonna be productive
I swear I'm gonna be productive I'll
give this day ahead then it will work it
would work so I'm also been researching
while watching The Walking Dead which
was pretty weird by the way turned out
pretty good in the end but I think we
need to rewatch the past two episodes
because I just don't really get it
the last episode are the one we just
watched there's a lot different to
episode before and I think the episode
comes out next week is gonna explain and
kind of tie them what's going on what's
previous to again and I was kind of
distracted as well I was looking for
another camera lens because I mentioned
that my other one wasn't really the best
for tiny data for and I think I found
one it's a lot more expensive but it's
gonna be perfect for what I need it for
and I need to check the video haven't
checked it for a while why I said about
the cheese toast comments and see if
people put it because I didn't check I
completely forgot for them enough talk
more videos and getting on this let's do
it need to find a mini game to play
I thought from any game I wanted to play
but I completely forgot what it was
hmm what's it gonna be I was gonna try
some hungry games but I don't think I
have time to make a hunger games video
unfortunately I think my camera battery
I don't think I've got time to record
one because it's gonna take a long time
to get one that's like decent cuz I'm
terrible currently the hunger games as
well so I think I might play one in the
chamber
or one in the quiver whichever one is
called but I'll take a look and I'll see
you in a bit welcome back to the garden
as always so go Darcy Ellie's off
barking as usual and delicious so speedy
so I am gonna enter taste okay cuz we
need to go bed I actually made another
video for tomorrow start you proud of me
I'm proud of it no I know it that's
understandable it's the first time I've
done a video in advance for a while but
um it means I'm gonna have a head start
tomorrow and tomorrow it's gonna be a
productive day I'm gonna get up and be
ready for the day it's gonna be awesome
and be as productive as possible could
we not fight please girls we don't need
to fight this late at night it's only
about like Kourt
to midnight I guess that is quite late
at you so I'm gonna at the blog here I
hope that you enjoyed it if you did then
please do give it a big fat thumbs up
and a slot we'll see you all tomorrow
