good morning Dottie you wanna come out
to play Joanna come and play I think you
do don't you look her she's ready to go
yeah well it's go yellow bad friend
she's been beating this guy up for ages
you ready to come out in you ready to
come out you want to come play if you're
gonna be nice when in oh I don't know if
I can pick you up with one hand I don't
know if I could pick one hand look at
you okay you yeah Eddie's like what's
going on I'm gonna lick your back here
we go go go sissies play little sisters
they're so cute together they're
starting to learn okay maybe not
it's time to learn to love each other a
bit more like Ellie snuggled up to a
yesterday which was kind of cool to see
and now they're yeah they're just gonna
fight amazing getting there the Gihon
wear yourselves out you've got like a
pug meet up soon ah no so hard to
control these little crazy bugs hey guys
look they've got the same toy but
they're like doing a tug-of-war so funny
when they do this who's gonna win who's
gonna win
there's never usually a winner they just
kind of give up at the same time look at
them so funny Oh Darcy won Darcy want
any what you gonna do about it
we're gonna do about it do something you
can't just lose like that go get it go
get it I think she's given up Eddie I'm
I'm not impressed not impressed you need
to go and get it
pep talk go get it go get it she's like
no I don't want you guys look at him
here he comes the Pug Lord what's up
guys it is as you can see very a very
late was not very very late it's 20 to 6
and it's well this duck and I'm out here
with the puppies as usual and today
we've thrown a few things
too much because we were late to the pug
me up so I didn't record this morning
because we were late so I needed to do
stuff rather than vlog it and also
obviously would have been even more late
and then we also wouldn't be doing but
they fighting a plant because all you're
doing they're fighting a plan I here
look why you fighting a plant ladies
look you come over here what you doing
but anyway yeah I went to a pod meetup
what else do we do this morning someone
came around this morning as well so that
kind of ate up into my video making time
oh no I was gonna happen which is kind
of annoying because I've only just
finished on my dimensions I haven't
edited it yet and it's already 20 to 6
so it's actually 20 to 5 earlier I meant
20 to 6 and I usually like to get my
first video of the day that's about half
6 but I might have to get up by 7
basically it's gonna take a long time to
render I also need to do Xbox today
because the past two Xboxes haven't been
out on Sunday which is really annoying
but today what I'm going to do is
literally make videos for tomorrow as so
that tomorrow I can make videos for the
next day and then I'll be set there'll
be nothing that's not on time which is
awesome because then that means I can
make videos late in the day so I don't
have to upload them because my internet
here is poor and it's it's been really
annoying experience to be able to to not
put videos out on time and not all of
you follow me on this channel or on
Twitter or on Facebook to see when
videos aren't gonna go up on time so
it's like 4.1 million of you now which
is nuts so I can't let you all know
about different things that are going on
because youtube doesn't really have that
ability to post stuff to you I'm pretty
sure it used to but anyway enough of
that mess and more pugs I'll show you
some pugs right now
it was just a little bit and it was the
first time that Darcy had been to a pug
me up I need to check on these guys they
don't all that doing they need to be
doing other things and not meant to be
messing around guys
guys what are you doing in the darkness
were you in the darkness over here I
think we're gonna have to give them a
bath as well so hope you enjoyed that
yeah it's Darcy's first time I plugged
Meetup and she loved it she was going
around jumping she was fighting well you
know playing play fighting with all the
big pugs or what the pugs there I like
fully grown so they're like double the
size of her and she didn't even mind she
was running around like crazy it was
awesome to see and LEDs a little bit
Shia to be honest so she just kind of
chilled out as well these guys really
are exploring and doing weird stuff look
at them what are you doing
bugs in the wild bugs in the world so I
think we need to give them a boss so
that would be a cool thing for the vlog
today and also need to do a couple of
other things and you sort out taking my
lens back because it's not really the
right kind I need one the zooms and I
mentioned it doesn't zoom and I really
do need one that does so we need to sort
that out there so we're just sniffing
twigs it's really strange I like to get
these guys to go toilet so I will see
you guys in a bit guys so I have just
finished recording Xbox yes and the best
part about it is I actually thought why
not use my laptop and to like the full
capabilities or potential that it has
and while let me just show you this
quickly actually I might have to save
this I don't know if I'll be able to
click off yeah I can so why all the
diamond I entered in your ending which
takes gone go on focus you know you want
to it takes one hour 21 is called two
minutes left and in that time I've
recorded Xbox using and the al gato on
my laptop here which is awesome and I
can set up as normal and just capture it
on here capture the audio on my other
computer while it's rendering and it
means that saves a load of time because
otherwise I would need to record after
this is finished rendering and then edit
it and it would take ages and will be
super late it's already a little bit
late anyway but hopefully it's going to
be less late now which would be awesome
so I'm going to edit this get it up and
go make it take I definitely need a tea
guys it's time to get the pugs of bar so
we're gonna Ellie's had bars before
honestly but this is this is Darcy's
first part which is gonna be interesting
because Ellie does not like boss that
much but hopefully they'll like it if
they're in a at the same time are they
already today like you there's your
phone Darcy drinking the water now
there's like was cool bubble bath and
this is Ellie's I love my doll face look
she hates it dust is so fine though
she's exploring the crazy buff
Darcy you lock in your data fall so we
need to shower you at am sorry
uh nobody is physically hahaha you go do
go team you do Movember
to clean hogs dusty did you like your
bar sure my dad saw at least one who
stresses out oh okay
prepared to get wet ah did you like it
is he nice and warm poisoning while
she's shivering a little bit let's take
the water out
did you like you did you like it yes
that was a good first part let me know
little lion cub are you doing yeah she's
gonna smell like a baby what a sham who
look it's cold you know focus focus
it's raspberry ripple they're gonna
taste know the kind of smell really good
good enough to taste that's what I'm
asking oh my goodness
it's gaddafi oh you ready to get out the
bath now I think she's this kid I'll
take care of any heavy you shook shampoo
in my eye
look I don't actually bent only kind of
look how fluffy Elias look she's so
fluffy so fluffy like a little lion
Chico here she's off
this is gonna shake everywhere yay
successful ball oh this is how much
Eddie likes boss she's gonna have a
little rage now
are you upset about love you are look
she's loved in life look uh I think it's
cuz she's sleep you know audience she's
really gone for it but she's robbing
ourselves but a public enjoy themselves
perfect I think they loved you well one
of them loved it anyway none to the end
but I think they liked it never got
fresh clean smell in pugs this man of
raspberry ripple she's like an ice-cream
so they're gonna smell real good no that
didn't smell good anyway she's so mad at
us don't be bothering her all the good
news well that was a bit unexpected I
just logged in to my YouTube account
just to check how today's video is when
I went up a little bit late and the Xbox
video went up second today instead of
the diamond dimensions video and they
uploaded the other way around today
because I did them the other way around
basically Xbox needed a little bit more
setting up so I did the diamond event
his first but I logged in and saw a ton
of comments that I think was like 2,000
comments and 700 likes and that's not
usually how it goes I was like oh my
goodness what have I done wrong and I go
on the video and there's just comments
no first I went onto the comments you
just see the comments and not the video
and it was just like oh you've been
hacked what's going on is this a joke
I'm gonna unsub from you I was like what
has he been going on go on the video and
there's no voice for me the intro music
is longer than its supposed to be
there's no voice at all there's still
like all the the stuff on the screen is
okay a little bit blurry and weird but
then it's got just like weird villager
sounds that are really stretched and
echoed and it was some strange strange
stuff so I apologize if you saw that but
those were anyway so I went and check
the original file and it was completely
fine inside the project but the render
must have just gone completely weird so
I checked the render it was just like
exactly the same as it was in there so
definitely need to start checking my
videos every time I put them up so that
was interesting and now I'm gonna do
someone
rendering it which is another bad thing
about this Internet is that if something
goes wrong like that you can't fix it
quickly you can rerender it but then the
video needs to be uploaded again when
that's going to take about an hour which
is not ideal whatsoever so I'm just
gonna put on overnight with my bad
internet and just it's just gonna go up
whenever because it's just annoying so I
could just reapplied it tomorrow but I
guess I think I did catch it quite early
but I think I want to try out a
different video tomorrow so I'll do that
instead I want another Sims and another
new video which I'm going to try out so
yeah interesting stuff but kind of
annoying I'm just like that it's 1:00
a.m. what do you think perfectly
smelling beautifully clean little
buggies anything this is time for bed
and I agree do you think it's time for
bed Darcy I completely agree so that
mess up with the Xbox video is kind of
annoying because on my normal broadband
is gonna take me about two hours to
upload the new ones so I'm just gonna
put it what is she doing she's making a
new bed okay she just plopped that
cushion down look at that Queen Ellie oh
my goodness this pug but anyway yeah I'm
gonna go to bed and just leave that
uploading overnight to set a public
straight away because there's nothing
else that can do it's brewed just in one
of those annoying things it rendered
fine this time I didn't change anything
who knew just completely random so let
me pick up little pug and I'll show the
video so thank you so much watching guys
which enough sparked the pugs
I hope you enjoyed did you enjoy your
little world I think she did so we will
see you tomorrow
and I hope you enjoyed this video if you
did and please do leave a big fat
paws up that would be awesome and we
will see you all tomorrow
