morning guys - pug here on the camera
it's my birthday
hey guys how you doing it is my busy
this is so bad we're gonna take the pugs
out for a walk because there's a little
gap it's a bit rainy today so we're
gonna take them out while it's not
raining so hard and it's their first
walk together and it does is like first
walk with us so it's going to be quite
interesting I've taken one a walk yet
because it's been horrible weather but
today it's calmed down a little bit so
we're gonna take the pugs for a walk and
then we're going to eat breakfast I
can't even remember what time it is and
it should be fun hopefully it's not let
alone shake it raining at all is it
raining
I think it's dry yapping it dry and got
some people coming over and later we'll
have like some food in there and just
chill out I said I wasn't gonna work
today what work and do my videos today
but I did that last night I didn't have
time to well I kind of had time but I
kind of was so tired that I didn't
record very well so I redid the video
this morning that's done daily vlog
needs editing but I can do that later
but it's chill time from now until later
let's go walk these puppies these two
little puppies are clicking or harnesses
so we chosen colors for each park and
Eddie's in Reds das is in pink
let's get them walked you're going for a
walk at least like oh I don't want to go
I think they enjoyed their war at least
panting but Darcy's like I could go for
another one
bring it on and he saw I'm fit good good
here Ellie the Darcys decide silently
reven is normal did you like your first
whoa I think she did she still got fight
left you know that's bad fairly time to
cook me some breakfast it's might be it
might be past midday but I'm hungry so I
need to make something so here's our
henhouse right here a little egg house
as no I said hen house because that's
what these would be if I didn't eat them
I guess need to check if they're in date
this one I don't think this one is nope
that one's not but I'm pretty sure these
ones should be if not I'm really very
upset what do they even say 23rd of
November nice so we got some eggs and
also wanna check if I got some thank you
I can make myself a nice little bacon
roll have a look it's the 12th November
do something that looks a bit ill I
don't know about that
should I try it anyway okay looks okay
it just hasn't been like wrapped
properly looks a little bit oh my
goodness I don't know if I should eat
that germ come and have a look at this
bacon for me you used to do meat things
I need to see if this Bacon's
good enough to eat she looks ill I think
it's cuz it hasn't been like covered
over properly it's you know what do you
think
no it doesn't look bad what am I gonna
do now
doesn't it look like you know oh yeah
it's got Danny now it's good weed
bubbles on it
man this is the worst scrambled egg so
many options I have to do a few things
today I need to wash that up there might
be some in there as well and cleaning
this recycle it away because it was hot
convenient now empty huh I'm gonna have
one of these as well
people have muffins breakfast on me
mm-hmm
muffin for breakfast we scrambled egg
but how am I gonna have the scrambled
egg don't toast I guess I made a
decision finally tried to change my mind
it's not scrambled eggs for me today
it's gonna be eggs involved we've got
these rolls from yesterday so I thought
I might as well use them otherwise
they're just gonna go to waste and I get
to use these the COS christmas balls so
hilarious I get to use these again so
because they're perfect with Gregg's we
got rolls so why not make them it's
gonna be so tasty actually
ooh look at a fire here we go just put
these beauties on and number two and it
shouldn't take long to cook I'm looking
for some no look at that oh my goodness
Eddie is so excited that I made these
I'm so excite you caught me eating
something anyway I'm gonna go and grab
my xbox one cuz up here cuz I've been
recording like Skylanders and Minecraft
and stuff how can it still be processing
I'm pretty sure it's done processing I
put this video up like start uploading
it about three hours ago still not done
of course bit weird um I think hmmm I
think I'm gonna grab my xbox I'm gonna
play evil within I say we but I mean I
because I'm gonna fit yeah so I'm gonna
play that took my xbox downstairs and
actually game because I haven't played
like a game not for the channel for a
while since the last time I play
you've been probably so let's do that
right now actually that's a lie I played
merica that's why I haven't played it
and merica instead makes sense and that
is the end of the day so what did I log
lost I can't even remember I say this
all the time and then I also say this
afterwards that I can't remember I blog
but I literally can so weapon was some
family comin from my brother came over
and then a Gemma's mom and sister came
over which was cool wait some Chinese
food which was beautiful and we just
kind of chilled out which was awesome I
didn't do any like facebooking and do
tweeting I did a little bit of tweeting
don't don't don't get me wrong I did a
little bit of tweeting I haven't checked
my emails all day
I just chilled out I made a video in the
morning but that was pretty much it my
vlog was just uploading and that was it
but it was good to just chill out and
now I'm feeling fresh I'm ready to make
videos tomorrow it's gonna be awesome we
got survival sunday tomorrow so this is
actually your mind if we charge my
camera because otherwise I'm gonna
forget to do it and we've also got a pug
beat up tomorrow and I think Jen wanted
Gemma's friends this come around
tomorrow as well so we got pug me up
tomorrow where it's gonna be Darcy's
first pug meetup which is gonna be cool
should be very very cool indeed and
hopefully she'll I'm sure she'll love
all the other dogs who seems to be quite
a social personality of pug and also I
want to show you um the cake the gem
gobby-o is pretty it was pretty cool so
then we did go and show you that I'm
eating any yet so I'm gonna eat some
tomorrow because I got it on I got it
saved so don't you worry guys I'm going
to stay and we just turn this on that
wrong one look and let me show you it is
here yes why is it got chocolate on it
because I absolutely love chocolate and
you should know that by now guys I
solutely I'm a huge fan of chocolate so
it's a chocolate bouquet for a chocolaty
guy so what am I gonna do now I'm gonna
go to bed because I don't know if you
can see from my eyes but look I'm so
tired so I'm gonna go to bed sleep and I
have got an alarm set for tomorrow which
is actually quite rare I you have alarms
set but Sunday's no post no deliveries
no nothing all we have is a pug me up
which is at 2:00 p.m. I think so that's
not too bad if I'm get my videos
recorded in the morning that should be
awesome and I can upload them while
we're away or render them while we're
out because it takes about 40 minutes to
get to the pug meetup so yeah it was a
good day today
it was a really good day today because I
did nothing I keep on saying that but I
really enjoyed it I got to play some
more evil within as well I didn't play a
load of it by my play some more tomorrow
because I've got back on it and you know
when you don't play a game for like a
week and then you get a little bit rust
you forget the controls you forget where
you are you've got the story I did that
for a little bit so I kind of restarted
the chapter maybe our accident but it
actually kind of helped because it got
me used to the game again the controls
and I beat past where I was supposed to
be before which was awesome so I'm on to
not the next chapter but the next part
of the same chapter which I'm pretty
sure is near the end so I've just done
like a mini boss fight which was quite
hard that took me like 20 attempts now
that is a good thing about that the evil
within is that you get these parts that
are super hard where they're not so hard
that you know you can't do them you know
you can do them if you kind of apply the
right strategy rather than just like
luck or it being way too hard and just
like getting annoyed and just stopping
the game you get a little bit annoyed
because you keep dying but apart from
that it's a good game so I'm gonna add
this book here I hope that you enjoyed
it thank you so much for response on
social media and stuff I've had so many
tweets they let you like thousands of
happy birthday tweets so thank you so
much for those it's overwhelming you
guys you guys are the best so if you
enjoyed this vlog then please leave a
big fat thumbs up and I will see you
guys tomorrow for a punk Meetup and
probably some other fun too
