what's up guys it's 2 p.m. I'm not gonna
like why it's 10 past 2 and we need to
feed these puppies because Dusty's on
like a three meal schedule at the moment
you just as to but that means Nellie's
on a three-meter schedule as well
whether but them try my hat by the way
we're just about to go um to Tehran and
it's freezing cold and my hair's not
done so I thought I would wear a hat to
cover it up which I managed to find I
was like I've lost my hat I don't know
where I put it but I managed to find it
so good and I also made some furniture
today let me go and show you that before
I go and give them their food mmmm and
the reason we have to go town because
Jeff Gemma's forgotten she's already
bought me something for my birthday but
she wants to go buy me something else
and it's the day before I mean these get
organized bro and Jackie I probably
would do that as well but the new table
so here you go here's one it was very
very nice and basically there's a
similar one across to here so is it kind
of like a smaller one but they're
perfect they match the room really well
the TV just turned off what's it what's
it doing what's it doing so yeah we're
gonna pop the town so windy it is oh my
goodness
I don't think about see this but look at
this it's so windy so indeed puppies
isn't it windy so oh it's need to give
him their food I completely forgot um
let me give let me go Darcys first are
see where are you what are you doing
what are you doing you're not talk
doctor imagine a little lion I'm not
sure why if we grab this pug right here
and then we'll give her her food in her
new playpen I'll show you to playpen
properly not sure but here it is it's
very cool it's got like a big teddy that
she likes to sleep across it's so cute
so I'll put her in here and they've been
sleeping all morning my mum came around
which is cool and um swings and stuff
fell awesome and we now need to feed
these beauties so what have this bowl of
Oh cute is right then Darcy you ready
for food are you ready for food dossie
do you want this I think she does
there you go now the weird thing is I
give them their food separately but then
any really one starts these food and
Darcy really wants
food which is very very strange very
strange heavy see that she always wants
it sure he wants it at Le one star sees
food and Darcy isn't interest in her
food but she's watching this one called
Le let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go you ready sit good
girl
ready go get it there we go
perfectly trained little pug so the pugs
going on really nice to kind of trilling
out of each other now which is awesome
and we need to go to town and then a to
make videos because of course have made
them yet I just got my lens struggling
at my lens now yeah okay we'll go get
our lens we've got one mei-ling's no
yours and my mom bought me this I don't
know what it is yet but it's for
tomorrow my friend that what is tomorrow
I like this neon green strap so yeah
we're gonna we're gonna go outside that
about five times so we'll see you in a
bit you scared it a Hoover it's not even
on oh hey hot dog time of course but I
decided I don't know why I didn't get it
last time I got mustard this time or you
were just a straight-up hot dog so good
we just go home and look what we came
back to a very energetic punk who's a
little bit sleepy and a pug who's still
asleep she must be so tired yeah I think
she is what's going on here is he
dreaming I think she's trying to draw a
message for us what a silly silly ball
what did you get me for my birthday then
I think I know because I chose it haha
she woman knows your clothes so she's
gonna regret doing it late and with me
if that makes sense because I ball olds
tonight but anyway oh yeah everybody's
talented I need to get you a little
something
yeah and then you end up buying like for
Jenna yeah tops and some trousers I'm
gonna wear them now
oh no icon left my birthday oh you can
have it
yeah I've allowed to have the trousers
that's good Amy have you got me anything
for my birthday tomorrow
no Ellie was that he was possible no she
look at the eyes she's that old you okay
I got to be showing for your birthday a
joke a joke she can give me cuddles for
my love day that's nice but anyway I
don't know what we're going to do first
I think we're just gonna like do nothing
because literally like you know from
these books I do stuff every day just
like busy busy busy so tomorrow I'm
doing nothing
we're not nothing let's go out a lie on
the floor and do nothing I'm just gonna
chill the whole day it's gonna be
awesome
and maybe like eat cake and get food and
stuff as well so yeah but now it's oh
it's 25 to 4 I haven't been to go and
get my lens which I said we was going to
do I'm gonna get that later I'm gonna
record a video at first render and then
go get my lens so I'm not wasting time
making videos otherwise they will be
late and I'm still using 3d to upload my
videos because I'm not a day ahead yet
and always needs to do a video for
tomorrow if I plan on doing nothing
tomorrow so that's the plan let's
execute this plan all right guys it's
that time again it's dinner time one of
my favorite times of the day it's a
little bit later today wow it's yeah
it's quite late 20 past 9 you having
dinner but we're gonna be having these
these burgers and we're finishing off
those um garlic wedges that we had the
other day which should be tasty so I'm
gonna put these burgers in right now let
me just quickly rearrange my hand so oh
that's one way to our oh dear oh dear
Oh so I'm still getting used to this pop
it's like really different to our one
cuz this is a gas hog which is part by
gas works bugs are stuck together I
can't why can't I separate this
there we go says pop these in now oh
yeah that's way too hot
oh yeah turn that right down stop this
Oh No wow that's really hot in my hand
oh dear oh dear that you're going wrong
okay disaster averted I'm not burning
the house down today hopefully anyway so
geez
I think I just put the heat on a little
bit too hot so these turn like burgers
right now when we come back it does look
absolutely epic I promise you I I hope
so anyway baby I'm gonna leave this
right here and we're gonna watch a
little bit of TV oh I also got these bad
boys look at these rich and dark uncle
chocolate muffins I am got some
beautiful rods rods for these guys in I
think I just popped the bag oh well
that's fine they're gonna have to be
opened anyway so we're gonna go and
watch TV Evie where is she I mean every
day you are you wanna go watch some TV
honey let's go let's go let's go watch
some TV together and we'll see you back
when the burgers are cooked and
hopefully the house doesn't burn down
haha I am so tired right now it is 10 to
12 which means my birthday in 12 minutes
12 minutes is 23:48 so that's awesome
but I need to sleep before I celebrate
it so I need to still make a video for
tomorrow so I can actually have a day
off literally doing nothing it's it's
gonna be awesome doing nothing I think
that's pretty weird to say and it's
probably gonna make me a bit nervous
doing nothing because I love making
videos I'm addicted to making videos
it's so fun I just love it and I'm gonna
take a day off at Sherwood family and
eat drink sleep and all that good stuff
chill with pugs so all I got my new lens
I didn't vlog the trip or anything it
was like dark cold and wet and I just
wanted to get in there and get back
because it was when my Sims was
rendering they made to make another
video time was going crazy but this is
it right here on my camera and it's a
lot it's a it's a bigger millimeter that
I had before so before I had one that
zoomed in and out but now it was like
here but now it's about here and means I
have to travel a lot further back than I
have
for but the quality is insane it's so
good it wasn't it was like one of the
cheapest lenses that I could see but it
it did what I needed it to do apart from
zooming so when I got my new office
which should be feared soon we I can
have it further back but right now it's
kind of like behind my monitor and stuff
so it's not too great at the moment but
I'll sort it out it's going to be
awesome hopefully I can use it for
Sunday's videos if not be back to
standard but it'd still be good quality
this is just extra special so what I
want to try and do maybe is like once a
week maybe like on a Sunday or Saturday
or something like that on this channel
is do like a special kind of sit-down
vlog once a week just choosing a topic
or choosing something that you guys want
me to do I'm in the comment section like
last time I did that Google myself it
was like you guys really loved that so I
might do more stuff like that kind of
like the vlogs I used to do on my main
channel but um on here instead with like
better quality and stuff with my new
lens could be perfect I hope you enjoy
that show if you want to see that on
this channel then comment down below
saying you could say I would love that
as much as cheese on toast in the
morning you need to you need to type
that I would love that as much as cheese
on toast in the morning so comment that
down below other people would think
you're crazy if they haven't seen the
video and apologies if my hair is a mess
by the way I'm act she is just so long I
need to get a cut
I'm terrible to get my haircut but I
need to get it cut especially before
insomnia because otherwise I'm gonna
look like an absolute mess not a it's
like priority Oh convention convention
is so busy but I like big nice so to be
honest so I dunno my haircut very very
badly so apologies if it's like a messy
over the weekend and stuff and some of
you been mentioning this as well so this
right here is a lunchbox it was a while
ago some of you is fighting the
background of my videos so it is a
lunchbox they are sold out unfortunately
so I'm not sure they're gonna be
available again but I'll let you know if
they are I'm up in my office's by
recording this rather than downstairs
because my three ladies are sleeping on
the couch it's so cute I won't take an
image because Jen will probably kill me
but it is really cute the pugs are
snuggling together and Jen snuggling
with them too is really nice so I'm
going to do a model showcase now for
tomorrow
which is going to be this I'm going to
show you I was just thinking whether I
should show you our knives carpenters
blocks which I've started using in
diamond dimensions and it's a super cool
mod never realize it's been out since
April last year so it's wow it's been
off for a long time and it's a really
good one so I'm going to do that and
then probably head to bed upwards but I
won't end the vlog yet just in case
something interested happens I might
make some more food because I always
make food I think guys I'm going to end
this vlog here I'm done for the day I am
going to sleep and get up and celebrate
my birthday it's going to be awesome
thank you so much watching if you did
enjoy them please leave a big fat thumbs
up I definitely need to sleep I'm super
tired so I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
