what a guy's time to make a tea as usual
and I don't know if I showed you these
before but I'm going to have a little
bit of breakfast and these are literally
my favorite thing to eat for breakfast
at the moment think I might yeah I'm
pretty sure I've showed you them the
door
I'm pretty sure anyway I went out
yesterday to get the crates Lucia asleep
and I went past M&S smart and Spencers
if you die over in the US which I'm
pretty sure you down and made god these
I just had to get them so they're like
I'm like croissant but twisted together
with chocolate in there so good they're
really unhealthy they're they're really
really unhealthy but then it tastes
super good so which I'm out today I've
done I'm abetted to today's vlog which
will go up later which I need to upload
we've done some more bonding with the
puns and kept them under control sync up
quite early at the moment and actually I
need to get up early today I was the one
that was up early because the cover guys
still here which is cool control fully
by the end of today we'll have our new
cupboards in which means that we should
be pretty much ready with the house just
few more things to do in the garden and
my office and then we're done
that should be done by the end of this
month
really that's what's reminding me
actually I've got some stuff going for
the office on the seventh which is
Friday then Saturday the 8th is my
update so hopefully we need to do
something cool for that day because it's
literally like crept up on us because
I've had so much to do recently with the
house and then loads of stuff just
tapped on without so extra things apart
from YouTube it's been raizy and then we
had like no internet level things as we
were really distracting now how
important anything from a birthday what
is going on so I need to do that but
first of course going to make a tea and
then
these things they're going to be
delicious hey guys how you doing welcome
to my like a ghetto recording setup
because obviously there's lots of noise
and soaring and stuff going on upstairs
and I needed to record a video so I can
get one up but here we go this is my
ghetto recording sub for now it's
literally like I've got my mic here I've
also got my my USB XLR kind of thing
it's like an audio interface because I
use XLR mics rather than at USB mics
also put my mouse down because it's kind
of hard to play Minecraft on a trackpad
I'm using my my laptop to be able to
record which I've never done before but
it's actually pretty good it was really
smooth I definitely need to get a new
screen for my PC because that screen is
super old it doesn't have like the best
refresh rate so everything looks super
smooth on this laptop that's all I'm
saying so I definitely need some new
screens but I'm just waiting for my
office to be done which might even be
next weekend it should look awesome so
I'm gonna get this edited and rendered
on the laptop so that when my computer
is free I can go make a mini game video
so I'm going to start doing some more
mini games I just love mini games and I
need to go to Waitrose to go and pick up
a brand new lens my DSLR camera which
why use for face camp and sit-down blogs
as well so I can use some of them on
like this channel and just up my quality
a little bit on the face cam because the
stock lens on my my DSLR isn't the best
it's just a stock one but it's pretty
good but I wanted a better one so I'm
gonna go and collect that tonight not
sure when but um yeah I just thought I'd
show you this show you I used to record
so this is the audio I think it's Audio
Technica here it is a common words
called now all the goodness is on the
side why can't I remember what this
called at2020 that's the one so audio
technica at2020 me and the Focusrite
Saffire pro I think that's called that's
what I use upstairs so um that's just
what I it's kind of like really pause
boy just boy upstairs bought it
downstairs and it will work perfectly so
I'm gonna edit that render it and
hopefully it works ha ha
my ego Chris Darcy Darcy he's in here
Stassi come on come on come on it
come on man hello double team is the
best players
somebody fight in my ear ah girls come
on
yeah shoot that you said any do you know
what time is you know what time it is I
don't think she wants to guess what time
it is it's Pizza time early you should
love Pizza time it's food got good looks
oh my goodness oh no we've got to cook
one pepperoni up that steamy steamy I
need to get this in my belly as soon as
possible I cannot believe how cold it is
guys it's raining as well which is
making it absolutely perfect for waiting
for dogs to go to the toilet I guess
that's not too bad so um what we can do
now is do what I just said
and I think they're both going to go
like at the same time which would be
like absolute clockwork batchly are is
all that's amazing yeah good girls good
girls well done it's been go to bed now
so I haven't flogged that much today
that's because it's been really like a
day that's been wasted almost because of
the guy with a cupboard being here and
I've recorded two videos and if you
haven't checked out the video that's on
my main channel with dragon escape
definitely check it out by the way it's
go back like we're done we're done you
want to go back inside come on in
let's go back indoors there they go so
yeah if you haven't checked out yet then
go into description below and I'll leave
a link to because I reload that video
and I definitely should do more
minigames because mini games are fun to
record and fun to play as well I think
it's played some of you guys as well
which was a little room awesome so I
pretty much today I didn't even go and
get my new camera lens which I was
really looking forward to doing and
I'm going to use some of these what is
call we got yeah we got some stuff left
over from Halloween we got these animal
biscuits they're really nice I'm going
to take some of them is that what we've
got we've also got like some celebration
fingers as well so tomorrow what's
happening tomorrow I'm gonna go and get
my lens so I can't see start recording
with Vicks I want to start doing some
stuff some extra stuff on this channel
actually with that lens and make things
look better my face cam to look better
and I wanna get ahead in videos because
Saturday is my birthday which is pretty
crazy I don't know what I'm doing yet I
really do need to decide quite quickly
because it's on Saturday so and it's
decide to do something pretty soon and
Saturday is like the day when everyone
does something so I definitely get that
SOI down angel bring a few people
because just things to do with the house
and you take the bins out this one was
rubbish from the cupboard guy it's gonna
be a weird day look you can see it all
oh my goodness it's so much and because
we moved in we just like fill the bin up
straight away and they only collect it
like once every two weeks so stuff backs
up pretty bad but um anyway enough of
that boring stuff and what else to do
today nothing nothing I didn't do much I
showed you might get over calling self
which was quite cool and some more pug
action of course I mean they're still
getting on again or a little bit better
now and he just needs to like tell off
the little one when she's being way too
aggressive what it's not really
aggressive it's just like playing too
much really let's go and check on him
are they doing just stand off
oh no see that they play like this and
then they bite each other but because
the puppies teeth are so sharp it kind
of like makes everybody so look do you
see that I caught it on camera but there
you go at least turn off finally so it's
weird thing to get like pugs used to
each other but anyway I'm going to go to
bed now over all four of us are going to
go to bed now and if you did enjoy this
video please leave a big fat thumbs up
sure have some fun with my new camera
tomorrow and we will see you all
tomorrow bye
