I think these tutors who girls are
hungry are you hungry guys you hungry
come on in
let's go that is excited it's like 11
a.m. and they haven't eaten yet so
they're gonna be super hungry right now
did you want yours coming in
I'll give it a divorcees yes Jonny sit
see it alley and you see it can you see
it
good girl wait wait wait dossie you
ready I think she's ready she's getting
our gauge already with the separate them
because they like to eat each other's
food
look it's over yes look what's that no
in here
CLE bo there we go - happy pugs what's
up guys how you doing hope you are
having a good day so today we're not
really doing too much we've got some
water eyes being fit at the moment which
is going to be literally all day
but now I would think of having some
lunch but first we're going to set up
something puppy related because then
we're going on pretty well but they're
kind of like they're played fighting
which you saw probably in the last vlog
but um because Darcy's by teeth a so
sharp they're like little little needles
they're kind of making Ellie like really
sore around her neck where dogs kind of
like chew each other I guess so
we've got this got a little playpen so
that when I'm does getting too excited
and tries to bite a chunk at Bayley's
neck we can put her in there she can
have like a little bit of separation
time because we have the cage at the
moment which she's trying to get out
right now but she just sleeps in that
really at the moment and they just kind
of eat separately in there so I'm going
to try and set this up while need to
show you something I thought sure hung
in the kitchen while we've got something
beautiful or cooking we've got some
lunch on the go which is barbecue wings
oh yeah let me show you them barbecue
wings sticky BBQ chicken wings this is
going to be beautiful and we got some
like wedges which are in here look at
that hey guys how you doing so this is
gonna be hopefully a very tasty meal I
need to make some video still hey make
some pixelmon sitting do es6 and have
time I've sent off some other stuff that
was needed doing apart from that today
should be a good relaxing down even in
like cousin if you can see that my
jogging bottoms and I went out to get
that that crate and also some food not
this food for some other food slightly
essentials like bread and stuff in these
and I don't usually go out in anything
but jeans so I feel like a nice cozy day
today I don't mind you I might bust out
the evil in late resort I forget my
videos done so let's get this set up
shall we
guys we just finished it smells amazing
in here by the way but look I cannot
wait get my teeth around these it's me
my belly well that's absolutely got
destroyed look at those chicken bones it
was so tasty guys guys no I think toss
evokes our new cage what is silliness
whichever is cool are you doing and then
of course me and Ellie had a little
snuggle it was really cute when Ellie
did you like a little snuggle we fell
asleep so we're gonna do now I think the
man has just gone that was doing our
wardrobe he's half done so we come back
tomorrow as well so I also need to get
videos done for today because I haven't
done them because I didn't realize how
loud the cupboard guy was going to be
lots of soaring and drilling and
hammering and stuff but we need to take
the puppies out don't we don't need to
take the puppies out yeah so let's go do
it
yeah let's take the puppies out how are
you doing anything on how you doing
everyone was worried in yesterday's
video that you're going to get left out
now there's a new pop but they're
completely wrong I'm trying to there we
go but for the light on my elbow I
didn't work that well
so we're going to take both these little
cuties outside it's still so cold I can
still see my breath it's really cold
pogies are you doing Huggies are you
doing pogies the Eddie's always barking
they're going where they go but I go
there they are I saw one where's the
other one we lost one oh there she is
she catching up don't see Ellie there
they are look so tiny Oh time to record
a video it is Papa six so I need to get
this done really quick here what's gonna
do to but um what I'm going to do
instead is one and then a move pick
someone who's supposed to be yesterday
on picks mom I'm gonna move it to
tomorrow because today is literally like
the last day where I've got disruption
in the house like he's coming tomorrow
but I know what time he's coming
tomorrow like this morning he rang the
doorbell at 8:00 I was still asleep aza
oh my god someone's at the door
I'm pretty sure it's him I need to not
look like I've just woken up so that was
quite a challenge because I'll just say
hello hello hey yeah you can come into
my cupboard it's something that anyway
anyway I am going to record this now I
know Ange is always fun to record and
then we've got some family coming ranks
I haven't seen the house I give all the
sofas and that in yes they're coming
around and that's pretty much it for now
and then we've already kind of eaten a
big dinner so we're gonna go for like
soup or something which I'm really
looking forward to and I might just call
it a night there because I'm so tired
I'm not sure that I've loved today as
always but um oh wait a sec this is the
perfect time to put yesterday's vlog
life because I need to do that otherwise
people are going to be upset so I'm
going to do that right now that will be
my Island vlog which hopefully people
will enjoy and yeah let's go for this
let's do it let's record this get this
up and hopefully I'll be on time because
a lot of things that have been happening
with um YouTube reasons I've done videos
late uploaded them and it's taken a long
time because my internet then
processing is taking about a year and a
half to do each video so it is on point
today and then we can get back to normal
back to making videos on a proper
schedule tomorrow and then I've got to
prepare for insomnia which is about 17
days I think it's going to be crazy look
at a new series coming up as watch I
think you guys are going to love and I
check on how that's going log into skype
probably look at a million notifications
it's going to be a busy day but after
today we'll be back on point with videos
it's gonna be awesome it's super time
does its soup time and I'm really
feeling for a super I can like I
mentioned earlier I'm you know really
cozy move just to eat soup that's gonna
say drink soup for you eat soup but um
yeah just eat super chill out and watch
a program because I haven't really
chilled out for a while since moving the
house it's being just like non-stop
every day especially with making videos
and stuff so let's see what we got in
here I hope a good tomorrow one yes
tomorrow soup and some other ones and
here's well okay this one so there we go
tomato and minted lamb hot pot which
Gemma's favorite it's good it's good so
yeah I just want to like chill out there
I just randomly watched the fifth
episode just completely randomly or they
so called The Apprentice I think you
have it in the u.s as well now I'm
pretty sure you do so it's a show where
if you haven't seen it before or if it
is in the US no completely made up it's
a show where like lots of people try and
do at lots of different business tasks
it's actually a really funny program and
I'm kind of interested in that anyway so
it's it's pretty good so I'm gonna watch
randomly watch episode 5 if I'm going to
watch from number one on like iPlayer on
demand so should be fun so I'm going to
get all cozy and snuggly the pugs are
sleeping like I can old babies little
babies my do they speak better than
babies because they were just so crying
stuff don't know so yeah we're going to
get all snuggly warm because it's
freezing outside as well and we take the
pugs out forum for their business it
it's so cold
some
and it's like 20 parts 10 now as well
which is kind of late for dinner but we
ate those chicken wings earlier ah we
definitely need to get those again so
I'm going to cook this see you guys in a
bit
I think Elly's decided where our beds
going to be she's going to make our own
in this do base hit
so guys another busy day ends it's been
a lot of busy days like in a row so I'm
super tired I fell asleep like four
times today because I'm still catching
up from from yesterday I'll still need
to catch up from your stay so I'm gonna
go to bed now with these chumps we've
got the one that's making a bed down
there and this chump right here was
super sleep with like a little face you
sleepy you see four yeah I think she's
sleepy so we're going to go to bed have
you seen his Park you've seen what she's
doing no she's making little beds out of
the bed that's not how you sleep in bed
she's kind of like half sitting so we'll
see you tomorrow all four of us there's
actually four of us notice it's crazy to
keep our two dogs in it it's a bit mad
but it's fun it's fun that is trick her
into my office because she knows there's
things to chew on like little Teddy's in
that so I'm gonna say good night now I
hope you enjoyed today's vlog if you did
a big fat paws up would be awesome cuz I
can't put my thumb up and we'll see you
tomorrow yeah
