morning guys how's it going today is the
day and I'm in my curtain stuff because
we've already been out and done what the
surprise is so you're gonna be hitting
the face right now with the surprise
that happened today so we're going to go
out in the garden and we're gonna see
Ellie out there just to do a belly I
guess so let me see if I can find them
where are you going here where are they
where are they so I hope you're good bye
I don't know if I asked you that but all
right here they are so funny right Annie
you ready going to be hit in the face of
this first thing in the vlog this is
what I've been trying to keep quiet for
how long like maybe almost a week now I
want you to meet a brand-new member of
Team TDM from the TDM family so this is
Ellie of course and the little one is
our new addition I want you to meet
Darcy Darcy the little pug it seems to
be getting on really well this is the
first time they've met by the way what
actually technically the second time
isn't it Darcy how you doing look at him
go I need to love each other already
come get it I see you get her so this is
what I'm trying to keep quiet for a
while it happened pretty quickly
actually because Darcy's not from a
brutish is from someone who just
couldn't look after anymore had it for
about a week and a beer so we went we
saw her and we just had together and you
can understand what Ryan get some
close-ups of her when when she's not
being crazy in the garden but yeah we've
got we got a new pug we now have two
pugs which is crazy so Darcy is four
months old which is really puppy look at
them they're so cute I'm glad they get
on
the dose is no Explorer in the garden so
Hugh Ellie do you like your new sister
to be honest though we for she was
really small but I think she's that
small anymore oh my god this is so funny
go fight
so funny are you doing guys Oh Ellie's
getting told off all the too fast it's a
cute yeah guys we're gonna chew on
the garden for a bit and then when I get
them inside I'll record some more so
probably pretty tired of this cuz
puppies sleep sleep play sleep lay
asleep plays so yeah that's a surprise
yeah
and you getting beat up you getting beat
up by four-month-old huh I think you are
sorry for her
dossie Dorsey
yes were you doing in the hedge were you
doing in the hedge we doing in the hedge
ha ha
say hello to Darcy everyone she's
looking at Ellie like why you barking
you loud little dog are you a little bit
cold so got the pugs are playing
downstairs so now so I give you some
more pup footage and later but for now
what I need to do is well I'll show you
what I was gonna do I was gonna blow a
squid on Disney infinity Tori you can
mention that yesterday I'm not sure but
a 2.2 gigabyte update appeared and
that's been on for about 20 minutes
oh my goodness so whatever it is that
it's played s probably a better sims
because I need to upload some since
today because on Friday I uploaded the
results of my xbox one competition and
completely forgot that I needed to
upload Sims on that day so I uploaded it
like I can't remember well supposedly am
I having a mod and the xbox one thing so
I need to do teams today and I also use
you Xbox wasted enough time do it
yesterday and I'm going to do tomorrow's
videos as well because I'm going I'm
going away to Ireland tomorrow oh my
goodness it's like it's been so busy
like my channel is I haven't been
suffering because everyone's still
watching my videos which I just thank
you so much for I tried to thank you for
yesterday and but I feel a little bit
more disconnected so I have time to like
look through social media as much or
Facebook or anything we have the bit
without the internet which was killer
now I've got worse internet which is
killer
and I've been so busy with all the house
things and after Tuesday hopefully we'll
be back to normal obviously we have the
puppy but they literally just like
beating each other up the whole time so
I'm sure they'll be they'll be fine by
themselves for a bit but of course
Gemma's down there anyway so no doesn't
Infini yep that's nothing I need to do
Smiley's you Sims
Xbox and Disney infinity today because
we have to get Disney Affinia done today
but I need to wait this update is still
on 5% it's not even moved and I'm not
even sure this is the update because it
says installing if it focuses but it
still says installing which is crazy so
I have no idea that anyway I think it
Simms cuz it's getting interesting you
guys want me to build two houses so I'm
gonna do it and yeah I'll probably catch
up with you later with some more pug
footage because bugs bugs bugs oh my
goodness they're so cute together I
can't explain it guys I'm gonna put a
few pictures up on Twitter now so I can
tease the video for this video for
tomorrow
that makes sense I was about to say
something else but completely forgot oh
it's on 6% 6% um what else is gonna say
I've completely forgotten anyway I'll
leave that until I remember so I will
see you guys later okay guys so in the
time it took me to record two videos I
recorded sim there's about 40 minutes
and then also recorded what else to
record Xbox took about half an hour
Disney infinity finally worked so we're
gonna sort that out now but I went
downstairs check on the free ladies
downstairs and I found something that's
so cute when I went downstairs so are
you ready for this this vlog is gonna be
cuteness overload you for the pulp is
your cute you need to check this out I
don't know how else to explain it it's
so cute they've been playing for ages
and now they're completely pooped so his
Ellie gonna half asleep and then Darcy
in the background just chilling just
cuddling oMG dreaming yes is her face is
twitching
it's so cute we need to get some food
what would you like to eat I'm thinking
I'm gonna have some cereal cool so I
would seems McClay IT jacket tea as well
okay so how cool is that
they're so good together like they've
literally met once when we took any to
go and see Darcy the first time which
was about four days ago maybe five days
ago and then they only met today and
this is like Eddie's house and BOTS they
kind of have like was it cool to come
like own their house I guess that's what
they think they do anyway and usually
they're quite protective so in theory
will be more protective over where she
lives than going to visit somewhere else
to meet up but she's perfectly fine they
just played and played and played and
then crashed as you saw like that so
things are good god I know the tea on
the go got my Disney infinity in the
background check this guy out
look how angry he looks oh man he looks
so angry so we have just finished well I
finished quite a while ago I've Disney
infinity 2.0 playthrough our first
playthrough with squid which is going to
be awesome I need to record just the
beginning of that video it's we need to
act an unboxing thing we should be
awesome and that video should be up very
very soon hopefully this week but if not
it will be next week so that could be
cool and I have done a Sims for today
which is rendering right now also done
Xbox for today which is almost done not
yet I'm just going to render this Sims
out first so I can actually get it out
before the before I work on Xbox and
what else what else I need to do a video
for tomorrow usually I do pick some one
of the mini game but instead I'm going
to just do a mod because I like doing
mods basically your mods are really fun
to do you guys love them so why not so
what I'm gonna do is take this tea and
take it downstairs and spend some time
with my new ladies downstairs because
I'm going away tomorrow well only for
just for tomorrow
a long long day I let you need to do
he's a get up really early I need to
catch my flight
22:10 I think it is in London so I gotta
travel to London first then get the
train to the airport get on the plane do
what I need to do and then come back on
my last on my flight is at like 9:00
p.m. and then I need to get back to ya
that's like an hour flight as well Ellie
you being aggressive towards me
oh no look what she's wearing heavy this
showing me what you're wearing oh I
don't think she's happy about it
oh she spoiled herself in the mirror
look she's like I look so good today
look so good are the little ones there
Hey - do you have you doing your wear a
jumper - okay you are how you guys doing
they've been fighting oh hey
why you so mad yourself and you look so
good this is why you get two pugs I was
taking a video of you Dorsey Betty do
you like your new sister you soon made
your neck a bit red when they've been
fighting of it name you've been fighting
in a good way of course he is no I'm
trying to take a video of you they kind
of calmed down now they've been crazy
all day just wearing each other out but
it seems to be shining down with their
own little toys
oh the standoff what's gonna happen
what's gonna happen pal oh no here we go
again here we go I think guys it is not
even that late but I'm super tired and
I'm very aware I think this is why
because I'm very aware that I have to
get up at like half four five o'clock in
the morning because my train is at six
oh man it's gonna have to be like a four
so I have time to get ready I don't even
packed a bag or anything I've got my
boarding pass and stuff sorted out so
I've got the important stuff done but
the rest of it I haven't really got done
I've got done tomorrow's video just now
I've also got done a Disney and I
haven't got done a Disney infinity video
we've recorded it so that was cool I
think I've already blocked that but um I
need to edit it so I'm gonna edit on the
plane so I've got something to do I
guess and on the train the trains gonna
be like two hours planes gonna be an
hour both sides which is probably the
longest part of it to be honest so
hopefully there's some kind of like
quicker way to get that I can finally
like a cab is quicker or something like
that but I'm sure I'll find out tomorrow
and yeah it's gonna be a crazy busy day
tomorrow so hopefully I can blog a lot
because it's gonna be an interesting day
so I'm looking in the house at all but
my laptop for me so I can upload this
vlog I might do that in the morning I
probably the best the best idea but
anyway today was not about that that is
tomorrow and today was about having
Darcy our new pug added to the family so
I hope you enjoyed this vlog if you did
give it a big fat thumbs up I'm super
excited to have a new pug in the family
she has settled in perfectly like it's
only been a day but they just play all
the time then they sleep and they
snuggle together as you've seen in this
video it's unfortunate that I've got go
out tomorrow because I'm not gonna get
back until like maybe 12 midnight which
is gonna be killer because I'm not going
to see them all day and yeah it's gonna
be tiring but it's so awesome to have a
new park we wanted one for a while we
thought we were gonna get one next year
but it turns out we got one now or if it
just meant to be so she's a cutie Ellie
absolutely loves owns like kind of like
a big sister to her which is cool like
in the way she
so I'm gonna end this vlog here again if
you didn't do iPPV quite thumbs up and I
will see you tomorrow early in the
morning
