everyone down here and today I'm not
doing a daily vlog I'm going to be doing
something a little bit different
introducing my dad and I'm Daniels dad
hey
so I asked you guys a couple of days ago
and yesterday I think to use the hashtag
of Kappa minecart to ask my dad some
questions where is he were going to
embarrass me or actually probably just
gonna embarrass me on you hopefully yeah
so I've got some questions here with
this is not prepped at all so we've just
got questions coming at you completely
around me you ready yeah go
okay so the burger one um this was asked
a lot by the way tell us an embarrassing
story about Dan when he was younger one
of them or the best one I was gonna say
that's probably quite a few the work
it's really was a little baby
my husband is changing him it's all nice
and clean dispose of his bone Wow
but then he decided to we on both
himself and they clean him up again I
think how pictures by the way their
babies are not going in the video let's
go for another one what was the worst
thing Dan ever got in trouble for when
he was little sure there's a few of
these as well
well he never got caught yeah see
Smart's my baby okay this one's quite
interesting there's kind of three
questions okay two questions um well you
are a fan of video games when you were
younger
video games because I'm so young they
didn't have them have any computers okay
so then you moved on to do another
question which is did you play video
games with me and my brother
yes we did got the right basic ones of
smells yeah so those of you that maybe
won't even alive when this knows without
that stuff like the first Mario car the
first Mario's I think first free Mario's
are on there so those are classics okay
what is your reaction to me being like
telling you are doing youtube as a job
initially in there's event the shock but
I thought why not give it a go and see
where it goes and they look where we are
all right all right okay here's one um
do you watch my videos not off them
probably let's go yeah oh that leave non
from that have you ever played Minecraft
no okay I thought that might be the
answer so about a little test so the
first one is probably pretty easy
who is this oh shoot yeah that's me but
what's is like what's the name in-game
dantdm this is dantdm or me so I guess
you could get that right by then
actually this one's probably the easiest
one what is this what is this guy that's
right
maybe what is it it's a pig it's a pig
okay and what is this guy this little
guy dogs a dog a Red Dog I know it's go
horns
these are horns oh I thought there is
dog
it's not a boo-boo it is a it's a it's a
cow
but it's a mushroom cap oh it's called a
moocher
a mooshroom mooshroom was really obvious
man yeah and the final one I think you
might but no you might have a look at
this what is this
that's Essen see I don't think many
people know the color to caterpillar
it's not a caterpillar it's much scarier
than a caterpillar do you know what it
is this might give you a clue so it
explodes lemon if I see 11 that explodes
it'll be the first time it's the nuclear
armed that is pretty close I guess there
could've been worse things you could
have guessed but this this is a creeper
creeper so what they do is they creep up
behind you it's the name and then
explode but if you don't walk away from
this they'll explode and they'll blow up
your house your your dog's your
mushrooms everything so why I think we
should also do is get you to play some
minecraft yeah ok let's do it on your
mark get set
do the hair yeah Micah action alright
guys I'm going to teach my dad at how
old to play Minecraft so do you know
anything about how to play Minecraft
no no not at all so here we are in the
world I'm recording the screen sup with
it on there now also record his face and
this as well so the first thing you need
to do is learn how to look around so you
use the home of the gang miles just to
look around
it is pretty sensitive and then to walk
forwards backwards left and right you
use W a s and D so W is for it there we
go
a is left yeah there we go
yeah like wiki so now you know the
middle of scroll on here yeah
it changes your selection in the hotbar
yeah that's what it's called the bottom
pies alright go your hotbar I see
something that's the egg of
very special creature so if you want to
spawn that going in and the way you do
that is you look at the floor
using the using your mouse you look down
so using like that like your mouse is
kind of like your header and then you
right click there we go run away
Oh quick oh honey don't saved you the
dog saved you thank you thorium saved
you how nice of him you can I think you
can feed him that so if you right-click
on him
Hey fed him right now you're in um dr.
Travis is loved you know dr. terrazas no
he's like my buddy you know the the guy
of the big nose if you walk around the
corner he's like there he is oh you walk
over to him how are we today
thank you can hold it there we go there
is that you own anything no would you in
pretty good annoying people
look there is hello young man it's dr.
Travis how are you today - it's funny so
the last one I want you to the last
thing I want you to try and do is oh no
it's getting oh dear it's getting a bit
stormy why why we got a green box it
looks like the Pyro's tell me what it
was is a slime it's a kind of room it's
Estill I'm I've never seen a kangaroo
looks like that no value but anyway this
is the third part in your hot dog yes
the dog
oh that's name this big enemy yeah there
we go so yeah if you want to right-click
you might want to Gary to run
I've got run yeah oh no that's like
nuclear copy yeah it's the caterpillar
it did blew up it didn't do that much
damage as you do it I like just nice to
pick home yeah right doggie don't fall
down the hole yeah it's really bad
weather so nice to you punch calm punch
the left button Oh miss keep punching
keep punching
he's gonna come up to you quick go go go
go help you out yeah you killed your
first mob oh you press space to jump
buttons how did you find that your first
experience of Minecraft
oh just prove that I'm absolutely
useless yeah you did alright you killed
a zombie with help from grim anyway
which is pretty good to talk yeah you
fed the dog as well this way thank you I
guess
so I've already do some more questions
because we've got tons you guys went
crazy on the hashtags so let me see if I
can find one okay got another one this
one is it did I play video games a lot
as a child and the answer is yes he did
a big yes but he used to use my computer
yes and at the time I was doing a
computing course and finally one his
brother were playing on my computer
kicked my base unit over that's the big
tower thing going along with my work oh
I didn't realize it was that bad it was
haha really learn how to be able to
compute it Wow so thank you so much
that's okay I didn't know that bad yeah
but if you lose everything you can even
get it back no I can't crash my hard
drive
oh dear well we have another challenge
here it is can you lick your elbow it
shows you you're like really clever is
it oh no you can't do it
imma try it okay you lick more and I'll
eat yours nah that's weird
no we both can't do it mmm but we've
both tried pretty hard we trended in the
UK in the u.s. to know what trending is
on Twitter
no no trending is when you get like a
really
popular you know our hashtag is question
oh no it's like like we used for this we
use the hashtag Pappa minecarts
hourglass mmm and that trended in the
u.s. which means it was in like the top
10 talks about things in the us on
Twitter for a while yeah that makes feel
good and we were we number 10 in the
u.s. yeah okay this is one so in one of
my vlogs I did before I did like I did
10 things you might not have known about
me
but I actually did like 15 and 5 of them
weren't true and one of them but I
didn't say which ones weren't true I
decide to get you guys to guess which
ones weren't true and one of them was I
said that I had ridden in a tank and
fired one and lots of people thought
that that was that was untrue so now I
have the proof did I did I or not did I
did I not do that no Ethan no me
actually did yes he did
I didn't fire like a missile or anything
it was like like a blank yeah three
right so it is kind of when to the end
of the tank come back so I did do it I
did it
he was quite interested in one what do
you see in Dan is most like yourself yes
good looks alright guys so that's all
the questions we've got time for today
so thanks for your questions via that
and I think if if that wants it we'll do
it again sometime
we certainly can so we got that to play
minecraft you will find out some
interesting things about me that I
probably would have told you otherwise
especially the weeing one knows be
embarrassing um so here's 21 when we did
it nah that's lies that's lies so thanks
dad for coming on it's been awesome
thank you for inviting me
so if you enjoyed this video please do
give it a big fat thumbs up and I will
see you next time
