what's up guys it is not the morning
again but hey I have an explanation is
because I've been making videos all day
we had only to come around this morning
so we just kind of chilled out for a bit
watch some TV and the house is clean
beautiful absolutely beautiful so I'm
making videos I've uploaded too so I
have today or yesterday for you guys
they've seen on the main channel I've
got my xbox one competition winners
growing up which I'm excited I'm so glad
that I could give that to you guys it's
awesome to be able to by giving prizes
and stuff from Microsoft and Xbox which
is cool and you'll have some amazing
videos I'd the juice ramen is really
difficult to choose what else did I do I
also uploaded the vlog for all yesterday
which was the pumpkin one where we made
this bad boy right here and he's looking
good he survived the night which is good
so oh he's drying out a little bit but
still a little bit damp it looks cool so
it's almost right now and I've also
actually made today's moth too so I've
got today's videos done and dusted and
almost uploaded and I had no I can't
even step and I helped thinknoodles with
a cool video that he's got planned which
is awesome and that should be up today
maybe I'll put a link in his life anyway
now it is you know it is that important
time of day it's lunchtime it's 3 p.m.
but for me that's lunch time and we have
got in here we have some rice times now
if you don't know what these are I think
I'm going to have this it's literally
like pasta in a pot and it's super nice
usually I have like the curry one of
course and also have the sweet and sour
one because that's something that I
actually love more than curry is sweet
and sour but I'm going to cook this
because I'm starving literally so hungry
right now
and what does annoy you short we're
doing today we did some more prep for
the secret thing that's happening soon
which will be happening on Monday which
I'm really excited to show you and talk
to you about because time to keep it in
we don't keep it on the verge of letting
out I'm not going to so you will find
out about that on Tuesday because
Monday's what goes up the day later and
I'm sure there was something else I was
gonna talk to you guys about but what
was it I have no idea and it's
weird the Sun is setting and it's 3 p.m.
look where the Sun is if you can see it
right there
but just above our garden and it's 3
p.m.
oh my god winter is coming guys winter
is coming so it is Friday oh yeah I need
to make some more videos because my dad
is coming around tomorrow and staying
full of day which is awesome and I can't
wait for that it should be really cool
I'll try and game in on a blog I'm
definitely gonna do that daddy my car
Papa my car is gonna be here we're just
cool so I'm gonna eat this and it's
gonna be tasty oh yeah it done it
started great it's done let's put this
together
hey guys check it out we're in the
really awesome place that we found found
a little shortcut to go to the shop we
were gonna walk over walking le right
now we're just testing like all the
different routes and stuff and we're
gonna walk to get one a milkshake slide
showed you the other day but they're
closed so sad but this place is really
nice it's kind of I can't forgive the
word I think it's nice to my calm but
we're walking at like what's the time
it's 4:00 p.m. but the Sun is saying
really really early as I showed you
earlier so it looks really cool into
trees and stuff and I'll show you some
shots really awesome
other guys welcome to my office I am
sitting here waiting for something
pretty cool I'm about to do an interview
for a really cool a TV show and now
that's all I'm gonna say because I don't
know when it's gonna be up yeah and if
I'm even allowed to talk about it so
it's gonna be cool it's gonna be on a
cool TV shot and I'm really looking
forward to see it so I'm getting ready
to wear kind of recording a half in
Minecraft half of your life I think and
yeah it's gonna be awesome I'm hungry
though so hope it's not too long but
anyway anyway it should be cool so I
have finished recording some other done
today's videos are all up and ready to
go which is awesome they putting process
today which had issues with yesterday
and I'm also what am i doing now I am
I've recorded some other videos for the
weekend I still need to call it a couple
more but apart from that lets get this
interview done hi guys so that interview
was actually pretty good
it should be awesome and it should be up
before Christmas and I'll let me know
about it as soon as I know about it
because it should be a really cool piece
actually so we did end up doing it
inside minecraft we should be awesome
but I think that's all I'm about to say
so I will shush about that but at least
I warned you a little bit it's gonna be
cool so me and this little bow right
here anything we're doing you should be
crazy inside of it I don't know why but
we are going to go to bed because it is
10:00 to 12:00 that's fairly early for
us in recent blogs I think you'll find
so remember the beds we did quite a
quite a calm day today I didn't do all
the videos I was supposed to because I'm
gonna just get up early instead so my
dad's not coming around until afternoon
so I'm gonna get early and I did a
couple of advanced I did like a vlog
about insomnia which we'll find out
about tomorrow and hold today even it's
always confusing but I did say that
every single time and then I got a
diamond dimensions filmed as well which
was cool made good progress in diamond I
mentioned so early you ready to get to
bed and leave should we go to beds I
think we should go to bed let's go let's
go Eddie come on in to see if she
follows us yes she is gonna follow us so
I'm gonna say goodnight you guys I hope
you had a great day and I will see you
guys tomorrow
if you enjoy this book then please give
me a big fat thumbs up that'd be greatly
appreciated if you didn't enjoy of
course and I will see you all tomorrow
