also guys how's it going so welcome to a
strange alleyway where I can't quite see
because we are the Etihad Stadium in
Manchester which is man cities
football or soccer team's home ground
which is awesome because today I'm doing
my first ever book signing so I was in
Manchester literally two days ago but I
am back to do my book signing we're just
waiting for security to let us through
the store and then I think we'll be
integrated by you guys but let's see how
this goes hey we got we are moving to
another green room because our green
room was wrong or it didn't have food so
we're definitely moving to find the food
and I'm look at this pretty awesome
right we're actually walking around man
cities football stadium which is really
cool and absolutely huge but this is
where I'm doing my book signing not on
the pitch unfortunately but um it's
gonna be coming so many of you guys it's
going to be epic alright here we go I'm
gonna meet you guys right now you ready
today
guys that was crazy for and a bit hours
of book signing 500 of you guys met that
was incredible
absolutely incredible I don't know what
I'm the person who helped me out Leanne
filmed while I was doing my book signing
but hopefully was good you'd have seen
it just now but um yeah thank you guys
so much for coming out to my first ever
book signing I hope you guys actually
love the book as much as I do I love it
obviously I kind of wrote it yeah I'm so
glad more of you are gonna get your
hands on them but not just the book but
a signed copy thanks for all your gifts
thanks to everyone that I met you guys
were the sweetest ever um yeah I
literally don't know what to say right
now whenever I come off doing a meeting
stuff it just hits home how many people
actually watch and enjoy my videos and
how much my videos actually mean to
people which is which is crazy but thank
you guys so much now I need to rush off
I need to eat some food I'm currently
uploading my video for today because I
am so late with it it's the new five
nights at Freddy's game you guys would
have seen it already on the main channel
if you haven't go and check it out but I
need to go and grab some food then come
back and do so much editing it is crazy
ready for another tour date tomorrow
which is nuts
suta bit guys half past 1:00 in the
morning because I have been editing the
videos they need to go up tomorrow I
guess technically today and I've only
just finished my laptop being a complete
Punk today obviously didn't help I
wanted to show you something that
happened today which I don't think I
caught on camera so today I held two
babies for pictures at my book signing
which was insane
check it out there's a little one right
there so this is a little baby of course
and I'm pretty sure this one was 17
weeks old which is absolutely crazy and
then this is um the baby's mum on the
left it's so so weird to see that and
then we also have this one who has a lot
more hair look at that expression look
at that that is so so cute and as I'm
her brother right there how crazy is
that I couldn't believe it when the mum
said
or can you have a picture with my baby I
was like oh my goodness I don't know how
to hold a baby properly but I think I
did okay and they seem to love it
apparently one of the babies like
recognized my voice which is crazy but
um if you're watching the parents that
is then thank you for trusting me to
hold your child but I better go to bed
because I've got to be up in about six
hours to do two more meet and greets and
then two more live shows on my tour
it's kind of cool during the book tours
and the tour at the same time because I
get to meet a ton of you guys by the end
of this weekend I would have met a total
of 800 team TDM members that's pretty
awesome
including two babies so I'm guys you
know what I'll see you in the morning
hey guys morning so as usual I am
running late because today I'm going to
be doing my next tour date I've got a
meet-and-greet in about 15 minutes so I
think out of my hotel room and get in a
taxi to the venue now I've googled the
venue last night so I didn't know what
it looked like whatsoever but the stage
and the seats and stuff in the
auditorium look amazing so triangle on
the stage early and get a shot for it
for you guys but um yeah today is going
to be a good day let's smash two more
shows and to warm in Greece where I'm
going to be tons more of you guys and
thanks to you guys my book is now number
two in books on Amazon which is amazing
thank you guys so much but yeah let's
get going so I said I would show you the
stage before people come in and check
out this theater it is insane very
purple it was very cool but look the
seats the tree got all the way around
and it's very high all the way to the
back up there but looks very cool and
the stage behind is absolutely huge
which is you could put all the stuff
that we need to do oh yeah this is a
very very cool venue on the site and
people at front are really really close
which is gonna be awesome so by the way
I'm gonna head back to my dressing room
chill out for a little bit and I've got
meet and greets and then watch and this
is the go backstage area which is pretty
nice I I'm in dressing room one with my
little name
right that will never be not cool so
might as well show you around my
dressing room but I wanted to spoilers
for the show so it's not anything crazy
even bought a sofa down here they seem
to like the blue and purple sofas in
dressing rooms qualit really like the
dressing room thing here with all the
bulbs that look or some couple missing
or other switches touch switch it's not
a switch I have no idea what that is if
everybody sync behind just there and
toilet and shower in there because most
dressing rooms have toilets the shower
so what I'm gonna ye is there a YouTube
card here that's really random yeah
maybe someone gave it to someone and
then they delivered it here oh I also
wanted to say if any of you guys give
anything when you come to the tools to
any of the team members a hundred
percent always gets back to me and then
I ship off and get it back to my house
so rest assured if you don't give
anything to any of the guards or any
security or any of the team here at the
venue's then I definitely get it so
that's pretty cool right I'm gonna check
out from it then we got mangry do this
okay Mean Green number one we've got
people coming in right up here but some
venue for this is me up this is nice
because literally windows the whole way
round
BBC's over the media City where I did
free pizza is littering over there this
I'm sure you've seen before is where we
sit down and have our photos so yeah I
guess we'll do this then our first show
of the day - in a fun day this place is
amazing
hey guys so I'm stuck here with Thomas
say hi and reason I am vlogging with him
is because he has a pretty awesome
custom dantdm wheelchair which is crazy
cool did you make yourself
that's really whoa look at that guy's
it's on both wheels it's very cool mega
high five
nice uh nice to meet you ready there we
go me number one is done and now I've
got about 30 minutes until I need to be
on stage to see all of those guys and
tons more of you on that stage that I
showed you earlier but how cool is that
wheelchair this weekend I have met some
incredible people I still got one more
meetup to do I'm going to meet people
after the show as well so I'm stick
around are we meeting more of you guys
and of course doing two more shows times
like these that I wish I didn't stay up
till half past one but I did need to get
my videos done I have got a subway which
is great so I'm gonna demolish that
right now and then I've got as I said
about half an hour until my first show
but I'm through ready ten minutes before
so really got about 20 minutes before I
need to go and do my first show so I
guess I better get eat it you do that
that is crazy so that is the speaker
that I was talking about in the previous
vlog where I can hear what's on stage
and that's the audience you guys are
incredible by then show one let's do
this and just like that another show has
been completed that was a really fun
show so you haven't done the show for a
week usually would you like a refresh
read-through in the week which we didn't
do this time so there's a lot more out
living and in terms of not completely on
script but it was tons of fun doing that
way cuz um you guys were really loud
you're shouting stuff it was so much fun
so now what do I need to do I need to go
meet you guys at the stage door because
I always do that and then literally
straight into a meet and greet because
it is currently five to four and they
said they want to start it at four say
it's tons of fun let's go me some of you
guys shall we so that's me some of you
guys shall I here we go ready
craziness right we agree number two you
got it was so lovely outside so many of
you and you're really really nice about
the show and me and stuff so thank you
guys so much I can't thank you enough
right
me Green number two let's go time for me
angry number two I'm gonna be all of
these guys and then it's in to a second
show do this so signing number two is
done but I wanted to show you this view
look at Manchester looking beautiful in
the sunset there's load spaces literally
just over here two days ago for my Blue
Peter was in that building that were
right there and now we've got another
show - I got to be on stage in literally
10 minutes so let's get going
okay so - is done so I'm gonna go and
see everyone at the stage there's a lot
of you notice I'm cold as well
whoo that was crazy show - done meeting
me - Don - shows to me greets 3 movies
this weekend so I've met over 800 of you
in two days which is nuts so I haven't
eaten pretty much all day so I'm gonna
go and eat and then crash in bed for a
good 24 hours I think thank you guys so
much for coming out to the shows and the
book signings and stuff the support for
everything I do from you guys is
literally incredible and I don't know
why did to deserve it but you guys are
literally incredible so thank you I'm
not gonna in the book here because we've
got a little bit more to do tomorrow and
yeah this log is probably mega long but
guys like long vlogs right I am so ready
to sleep Oh morning guys morning my
voice is absolutely destroyed lots of
talking this weekend lots of performing
so my voice isn't feeling great I still
need to record some videos today when I
go home including five nights at
Freddy's sister location so my voice is
going to be very interesting for that
but um enough of that I need to and he's
going to catch my train which leaves in
about 40 minutes so I better get moving
she ate a bit guys okay so now this is
lip treat
trained in the world but why need to do
now is get on this truck about an hour
and a half then drive 40 minutes home
hey I was good guys I made it home this
weekend was a very long one but it
doesn't mean that I got some really cool
vlog footage today so I've just finished
recording the second episode of five
nights at Freddy's sister location which
is and quickly we're covering one of my
favorite games of the year I really
really do love it
so yeah I'm back here at the pogs any
any coming up hey are you doing you want
to say hi mmm dusty dusty was this here
she comes
Dulce are you doing guys did you miss me
hey does yeah this weekend was
absolutely awesome thank you guys they
came to the book signing and also my two
shows as well it was awesome to meet all
of you guys and you're really really
nice it was awesome so uh that's pretty
much gonna end today's vlog I've got
lots of cool things happening for the
rest of October I'll be sure to take you
guys with me hope you enjoyed if you did
a thumbs up would be awesome and I'll
see you guys very very soon bye yeah
