you're wanting guys not wait wait wait
it's your afternoon again it's about
what is it five parts to so I've already
done some stuff today some stuff I can't
show you because or tell you about
because only there's a surprise it's
gonna be awesome so I am waiting for
this bad boy to upload to we transfer
which is like almost like Dropbox but I
need that to transfer across because
it's the results for the Xbox one
competition that I held with Microsoft
and the results should be up Thursday
Tuesday tomorrow
I don't know today when you're watching
this I'm not too sure but it'll be up
soon on the main channel this week and
what I'm doing now actually is why I
grabbed my camera quick is I'm gonna
record some Skylanders because I've got
these guys to show off which are all the
new trap masters so I've got two at the
back which are Crypt King jawbreaker
have also got dust oh I've got one up
and I've also got wildfire and I've got
all these guys as well some traps and
I've also got this box right here full
of other mini Skylanders so another try
the trap masters but the other ones the
little ones I'm not 100% sure where
they're useful yet so haven't really
played the game since I played it last
time which is what upsetting so I do
love the game is so good and because you
kind of like even though you have
multiple saves you still kind of level
up your characters that kind of things a
bit strange but that's why I haven't
player off camera but today and
yesterday there was like a lot of hype
over 60 FPS on YouTube and for those of
you that don't know that means that
means that it doubles the frame rate so
when you watch a video in 720p or 1080p
in HD on YouTube it can now be in 60
frames a second which is amazing it
looks so good and for someone that does
YouTube it's a big thing because we're
big on quality and making things work
awesome so it does look incredible and
this it's the perfect time let me just
move this up the legs go buy a dress on
don't you see that sorry
and it's a perfect time to bust out this
bad boy which is oh hold my camera bit
weird there it says game capture hd60
it's a brand new el gato arm device for
capturing gameplay so this is what I use
for gameplay currently
I've got this which is the original one
but now they sent me this kindly and if
you want to check this out sideways get
asked what I use with my um my console
recording what I use and it's this and
you can check it out in the description
below I'll put a link in there for you
so I thought I would unbox this right
now if I can do it with one hand I think
that I think I've done it I think I've
done it wait oh here it is oh nice it's
like straight in there so you get this
little thing here looks look awesome and
then this is the device it looks oh wow
it's so much smaller look how small it
is compared to the other one it's like
and the same light but it's just a lot
smaller in packaging which is crazy it
looks good so this can capture in 60fps
which is going to be sweet for today's
Skylanders video and the date today is
the 30th of October so we'll be carving
some pumpkin today because tomorrow is
Halloween but you'll be seeing this
video on Halloween so I thought I'd do a
lot of Halloween blog special and the
next time I see you I would have
finished my videos hopefully which would
be also until hopefully anyway it's
taking me right now 167 megabytes has
taken me half an hour I'll blow that's
how crazy is of a video is normally four
hundred seventy four times half an hour
to two hours to upload a video so I need
to get that on that like soon and finish
it off I'm going to do that I might take
a little trip out to get some secret
things for the secret things happening
soon and yeah that's good we pretty much
it next time we'll see you we'll be
making pumpkins it's gonna be awesome
guys before we go ahead and do our
pumpkin challenge carving thingy let me
show you what I've made for dinner
because it's actually pretty impressive
no it's not a curry it is slightly
Chinese check this out so this right
here is shredded duck this right here
egg fried rice then we've also got some
poison which is beautiful sauce for
ducks and then we've also got these
pancakes here this one's actually got a
hole in it because I messed it up anyway
below this actually I've buried
something below this there is cucumber
and also spring onions as well so the
two I make pancakes out of it and it's
so good so I'm gonna eat this then we
get straight on to that pumpkin
challenge and just like that it's the
perfect pancake let me just flip this
part up and then this part up and there
you go
if you haven't tried it before
definitely go for it it's beautiful all
right then
it is time for me to carve my pumpkin
check this bad boy out it was weird when
you whack it it's kind of like it's kind
of hollow
anyway I've got myself some really
advanced tools whatever this is there's
like a miniature sword also got this
this pokey holy thing
two little sores one bigger than the
other and this scraper now this is gonna
come in handy because what we need to do
first is scrape out the middle well
actually we need to cut off the lid
first so if I just like make a line
around the outside and then we need to
chop off the lid I think that'll be big
enough let me try it let me stab it let
me stab it this is gonna work ah
stop it look at that done right let's
actually saw this round oh my goodness
this is much harder than I thought it
would be and I think there's a lot of
juice in that inside I've never actually
carved a pumpkin before how bad is that
by properly anyway here we go here we go
here we go
Oh be a pumpkin before but not cardboard
see if I can do this oh dear this is the
worst micro sorrel ever used
almost there
normal day so cool this is Heidi flip it
so all are we done yet how am I supposed
to oh oh here we go
you got a thing this did Goodman uh he's
try and find that where it's stuck it
starts somewhere whoa we got yeah I
think this is working to put out the
middle but all this so much inside it
and whoa this looks like oh look at that
that is so gross that really is it
doesn't smell too good right track is it
smells okay it smells okay right then we
need to get these pips out on e to the
literary spoon out all of this put it in
this bag and throw away because we don't
need it we need this bit though for the
lid so just how do that now it's all
sticky gross
I've never realized there was so much
inside of a pumpkin look at all this
with guts and stuff you uh get in there
actually smells like I would imagine
after no I said that imagine the inside
of an apple to smell like but I guess
they're kind of similar but it fits in
here
this strawberry pips in here it can be
pips the right world I'm gonna get all
of these out this is the tool this is
the tool it's so good one that actually
works
so we've now and a hollowed-out pumpkin
now we need to decide which side is
gonna be best and it's not gonna be this
side it's gonna be this side right here
to carve it into a knife thing need to
use this little dotting tools you like
stab it and then you need to make the
pattern so let me try it this way this
should be easier right there I'm gonna
draw on a planet now
we go design is complete can you see all
the dots now I have to literally connect
the dots but kind of bet this thing here
I'm not sure how well this is going to
go but let's begin it's gonna screw me
things off get away this I just don't
didn't realize how much was inside a
pumpkin so crazy and now these dots
should help us to cut out this yes that
works really well actually
right let's do this yeah
go on the square outlet then we go up
that's really thick actually as soon as
thickened I thought it was my pumpkin
knowledge is now so much better we can
like carve it off make it look perfect
and Elliott decided to scavenge for any
bits of pumpkin she can find
in there I don't want to snap it because
I might snap it if it's a little bit too
thin on the sides I'm it's such a nice
put it kind of cracks yes with another
section out and knives need to carve is
n bit off I'm gonna turn it round little
bit so you can see it check it out I
need to make that a little bit better
that should be better and you know what
these plastic tools literally cost like
maybe a pound and they're working
they're working well I don't mean a
chain so I don't need anything like that
of a pumpkin master within its I could
rip in someone's eye out actually feels
like that you get annoyed as well sounds
like it what I imagine it sound like it
anyway we're just need to cut this out a
little bit give the string strings out
the way Oh
flicked all over me and here we go guys
this is the finished product so it's
supposed to be a creeper it didn't come
out perfect I think I should have done
the mouth a bit higher but hey I think I
like school and the final test is we
need to put a tea light in it and then
turn the lights off so if I move it over
here
the glorious creeper face and what I'm
gonna do is pop it down there I'm gonna
grab a tea light I'm pop one in it
so now hopefully talking about her to my
selves
maybe through the mouth would be the
best let's try it
hook get in there get in there
you gooey punk there we go yes it's in
there so now if we just grab the lid
right now let me just pop this on top
here we go and it should fit how does
this fit how does this fit don't even
know you can see Mara now there we go
the pumpkin is complete but now we need
to do the final touches to it and the
environment just try the lights off
how's it gonna look it's gonna look
spooky or is it gonna look stupid it
actually looks quite cool look at that
it looks like a chippy kind of creeper
don't come and look at my creeper
pumpkin it's really good I think it
looks better in a dark come to Siva come
and see it she's come and see my pumpkin
I hope you like it yeah you have to
great out of 10 considering I've never
done a pumpkin before from scratch what
do you think Wow cool looks so good in
them like with the light the mouse a bit
weird
the mouse is a bit fat and a bit short
needed a bit more right here yeah it's
really good I like it it's good
screaming is here so does it burn their
lids does that burn the lid they must do
why don't I drop in
it must like cook the pumpkin so we nice
bro this out because otherwise we can't
meet it's far away
I blew it out there we go
pumpkin challenge done yeah just slap my
pumpkin head
okay now that's all cleaned up boom
that's what I did have it all like
splayed out will its guts were here all
the rest of us here and I'm really
surprised how all those tools work
because there are really really cheap
ones but I'm really happy because I've
just remembered what's inside here I was
casually making a tea as you do and I
remembered I have here it is it's one of
these again let me let it focus it's
worth the focus guys it's worth the
focus look at it triple chocolate sundae
and I'm gonna eat that right now what
activity you don't gonna eat it right
now and it's that time again it is past
midnight again so we've been naughty I
think it's because we started watching
YouTube videos again we just like get
carried away
just watch video of the video after
video but anyway I will acquire it
tonight tonight and I need to edit this
vlog so it's gonna take a lot editing
with the old pumpkin thing which is
really awesome I cut it put outside the
door tomorrow it's gonna look sweet I
think it is anyway and yeah that's
pretty much it I hope that you enjoyed
this vlog and if you did then a thumbs
up would be greatly appreciated and I
will see you guys tomorrow for some more
home shenanigans with myself Ellie and
others so again take your horse you guys
know I'm talking about let's do this
like one in the morning and then just
completely talk about with summer con
string sentence together let's see a con
string sentences together I can't say
words so I apologize so I'm gonna end
out why Barris myself even further and I
see you all tomorrow
