good one of the guys how's it going it
is on wait is it the morning ah yeah
just about it's 16 minutes to 12 we had
a cheeky little lion this morning
because we've been up about it's like
8:00 a.m. every day since you've had
been a reason stuff and because any
let's go pretty early as well don't know
yes and away for another delivery today
actually which is supposed to be between
12:00 and 3:00 which will be our sofas
cannot wait our living room looks so
empty right now I'll just show you but I
need to do a few little jobs first the
first of those is what I need to make
some videos but look how empty our
living room is it's just got like
nothing in it whatsoever apart from a
dog bed and all this stuff it's just
like shoved to the side like my button
and we're not really sure how they're
gonna be laid out yet but you should
look pretty cool well it's gonna look
pretty cool I promise you so that is
going to happen and I need to go into
the front garden I deal with a little
bit of a mushroom problem that we've got
there's a lot of mushrooms we got here
and there's like one mushroom like I
will just leave it and then they
multiplied and they multiply it a lot so
I'm going to show you these crazy crazy
mushrooms we've literally got like a
mushroom biome in our front garden it's
crazy
oh man it's worse than I thought look at
the size of that mushroom in comparison
to my hand it's it's huge our man whoa
it's even got like a pool of water in it
and there's like tons over here all the
way across to here we've got a major
mushroom problem guys Wow
guys I just picked up the mushroom oh my
goodness this is it in my hand look how
big that is I've never seen a mushroom
like that before in my life
and it was on our front lawn geez
it's actually huge oh my goodness that's
how big it is
there we go mushrooms dealt with I
cannot believe how big they were they
were actually insane and I've done a
little bit of DIY DIY can't even say the
word and put this picture up it was
beautiful and for you eagle-eyed guys
out there you will know that there was a
bookcase here but we've moved that into
the room to the left as it autofocuses
autofocus right now right now can't do
it do I dare you wow that took ages and
we've also put up the mirror that it so
quickly what are you doing let's pair of
pot legs hip hop legs
I see what you're doing there wrinkly
her butt is and her back this looks
previous used city but she's always
patrolling the outside but we also put
up a mirror over here well we kind of
balanced it on here and it looks pretty
cool makes the room look a lot bigger
dr. Fink
and now I need to get ready I need two
films of videos and wait for D so FAR's
early love's bubble wrap I bet she's
going to eat it yep look chomping
straight down on it straight down
supposed to pop them not eat them her
daddy's being naughty Oh what is that
that's not a tooth that's not a tongue
who is it
I'm gonna zoom in on you now was it Matt
exhume dramatic zoom what is it what he
seems okay it looks well funny in our
mouth Ellie what have you got
dramatic zoom out genetic zoom out
dramatic boom out and with a is trying
at it what if you got dim nor cheap hog
she's got a stone guys she goes out
there purposefully you know this game to
get a stone because we have a bigger
garden now there's a lot more stones to
do now you just plain silly I won I won
the game you mad you mad she's so mad
Eddie is on fire today guys she is
literally being so naughty honey she was
in his push a moment ago oh there she is
you don't snicker what are you up to
she's been in this bush she's been in
that Bush over there and I'm trying to
find something to pick up and if you can
guess what it is it's gonna be very hard
to find with all these brown leaves how
am I supposed to find it Ellie can you
find it for me please
instead of diving in and out of bushes
it's funny she was like she was just
inside the bush and I went to go and
find her and I could just see her the
other side of like the the trunk of the
tree just to side with a sneaky sneaky
face she's a little naughty bug today
just has these days when she just wants
to be super naughty
this is going to take me forever isn't
it check this out look at these new
canvases we got I forgot that we were
getting these day but check out this
some images and a couple of pictures
from Eddie's pug party when she was one
year old so this is one of them with up
come on lights don't do this to me hey
wait a second let me get the lights back
on that's better so this is Ellie with a
little party all by ourselves you look
so cute look at that got big canvas on
the wall some of you have seen the the
wedding one to the right and then got
her and her brother next to each other
how cute are they absolutely beautiful
so we want to eventually fill this wall
with like canvases which is going to
look amazing and it's starting to cool
all ready by then so what I want to show
you was the surface of arrived finally
so we've got to now got three brand-new
sofas oh my god this is cute
you come see this this is the cutest
thing I've ever seen
what are you doing she's all caught up
on the top of the cushion yeah I think
she likes them look at them guys we've
got to a big sofas before we had like
one just over here and I've got two
corner sofas one there and one here and
it really does like make the room a lot
I wanna say bigger it makes it look big
it's a little bit more open even though
there's more stuff in it well I think
that's cool and then we've also got
another sofa and I'm going to sit on all
of them right now I'm going to sell on
this one this one and the third one
which is here so this one is in the
kitchen so check this out
whoa it's in like the little kind of I
don't know gap between the kitchen door
which you see me walk through a multiple
times and the back door so now got this
right here and you're doing okay you
want to come sit on this one no I'm not
she's going to sit on the mats you've
got three new sofas and you want to sit
on the mat absolutely crazy so the house
is really coming together now we've
moved the sofas that were in there over
and up to my office my temporary office
at the moments like the side office is
what I call it because we gotta wait
like another couple of weeks until the
stuff from my main office comes and then
we can start really like properly making
that which I cannot wait for it's going
to be awesome because a fitted wardrobes
in one of the bedrooms as well but
overall it's really coming together and
I think it's looking awesome so I've got
diamond dimensions rendering now and now
I've got the Internet I can upload while
making a second video for today which
I'm going to make a little kind of
Halloween thing which should be awesome
using an update to a mod which you
should have already seen or you might be
seeing in a couple out I'm so confused
though you would have seen it yesterday
always confused me these are day behind
and I think I'm going to play a little
bit of Mario Kart sit on the new sofas
test them out with my butt and hopefully
I enjoy any what are you doing
as she fame she playing in that again
she's so naughty so naughty
so about it I'll see you later and
hopefully an arranged to much America
because I'm gonna be rusty I'm really
really rush am playing week so let's do
this
today's video is done only managed to
get one done today which is bit annoying
but the people that came to that I did
about sofas came at like they give you a
time frame so it was 12 to 3 so you wait
from 12 and then they don't get here
until just 1 3 so yeah it's a bit
annoying so I couldn't make videos a
whole time because you always listen out
for the door which is annoying but all
of those cool canvases that you saw
earlier and now we're going to have some
fam realm and family around to have like
a games night I think and have food and
that's good because I'm super hungry
right now I got hot dog on the way and
sort of gem and it's going to be the
taste this finger hopefully anyway but
um yeah we're going to play some games I
think we're just going to play we party
cuz that's all we have at the moment but
it's going to be awesome and we got our
new sofas which you can see right here
to which absolute love should be good
should be good fun I'll show you the
hotdogs that we get because the last
time Gemma had one it looks so good so
I'm gonna try this time should be good
was it gonna be good yeah I'm starving
as well hmm
and that is another day done it is now
it's actually 10 past 1:00 in the
morning which it is crazy but we ended
up um eating that beautiful hot dog
playing some we party you and then just
chilling out for this today catching up
on more YouTube videos and all the good
stuff because now we can watch them it's
so good right them what have I got to do
tomorrow I don't even know so I'm not
gonna start thinking about it until
tomorrow which is good because I want to
sleep real nice
so next few days should be pretty
interesting got some cool stuff coming
up along saying about it so that it's a
surprise in the vlog but smart be pretty
cool right then I'm gonna say good like
I had a really good day say start off
with mega mushrooms and then went on to
other things it's really wigs by the end
of the day I get to like I watch what I
did in the day because I can't even
remember when I tried to summarize it
but anyway I hope you enjoyed today's
video if you did then please leave a big
fat thumbs up I'm super tired ten past
one is not a good time to go to sleep
and I seem to been doing that it's like
the past three days which is quite bad I
did play some Mario Kart which was good
I look back on that and I haven't lost
my touch
I promise you I haven't lost it but I
need to I need to pick up and get back
on that that rating glider I think I'm
on about 7,500 at the moment which is
pretty good I think anyway for the
amount of time that I put into it anyway
I've enjoyed these sofas by the way
they're really comfy my butt is pleased
if you like so so I'm getting this block
now and I will see you all tomorrow did
I already say give it a thumbs up if you
enjoy it if not then please do so and I
will see you tomorrow
