never been so happy to see a smiley face
go from orange to white oh my goodness
the internet is finally here it's so
eques in this room that's not the only
room that's really actually still but
hey guys how you doing
it's I've been pretty bad today oh my
goodness it is ten parts ice not too bad
is 10 power 6 but it's so dark but you
won't even be able to see outside is
that dark color dark is that's the
window that's mean any that's the window
but that's the outside it's so dark
because the cocksman back yesterday
which means we got an extra embed which
is awesome I think I discussed this a
little bit yesterday but it also means
that it gets dark a bowel or it got dark
over here about maybe 5 par 5 which is
insane that's crazy but what were done
today and that's why I'm brought much
day it's been a very busy day because
over the weekend I didn't make videos
what I made videos what made them all in
advance and now I've had like a
last-minute plan for tomorrow because
I'm going to go to London tomorrow which
should make a really cool blog
especially because and go there for
something really awesome huh Eddy don't
let mum catch you doing that le no and
um she met nope she's gonna come and
show you she's gonna come and show you
what she's doing every other words
criminal ever you know just if you don't
show someone what you're doing when it's
not is it
she's come to show you what she's doing
le o le o she's eating a fish oh dear le
look you're not very good at being a
criminal
naughty pop I was saying hello so funny
um I was saying I'm going to London
tomorrow on time I don't know what time
yet so it's a real last-minute thing but
it should be cool and going there with
somebody who you will find out who it is
tomorrow and where we're going tomorrow
I don't want to spoil it because it is a
cool surprise actually excited realize
I'll be going because it's so
last-minute but it should be awesome and
I don't know what else to say I've
literally done nothing interesting apart
from videos and he shoosh shoosh pug
yeah let's you just done before why I
need to do two more videos for tomorrow
that's what I was saying I think I
needed to do videos in advance for
tomorrow which means I still have to
make a couple today and also edit this
vlog right here and also put up the
other one what is crazy absolutely crazy
especially when it is invite it's cool
doing a job that's really flexible but
then when someone comes up last minute
I'm just there so I really want to do it
like properly of course so I need to
record a pig's monks I can finally get
back on pick someone I haven't done it
for two weeks because obviously it's on
a server and I can't play on a server
without internet can i and I've only
only had done like uploading bandwidth
that's why I'm using now actually
because something that's bad about
having the internet right now is that
it's what we've gone from having fiber
internet which was like a seven megabyte
upload which is pretty good it means
that like a video uploader maybe ten
minutes and will process and everything
really quickly but now we've gone down
to zero point eight megabits per second
and that means it's less than seven
times slower than our old broadband
which is absolutely killer so to get
today's videos up in time I've had to
use arm the 3G internet still because 3G
is to upload two megabits uploads so
like free G is faster than our normal
broadband right now but we just have to
wait until we can get fiber and I cannot
wait because it's going to be saying I
don't know when it's going to have fiber
but peroneus should be soon but man at
least you've got a stable in stand now
we spent most of the morning watching
YouTube videos because we literally
couldn't we couldn't even watch more
free G because it was so slow what we're
going to do now is what we're going to
do now my mom my sister
Chinese yeah that sounds good
I said I'll blow the other two videos
and I keep thinking I haven't put on my
blog up yet because it's dark and I
should have put it up but if it needs to
go up in my 15 minutes and I think it's
to puggle wine won the puggly in place
I'm really excited a few guys to see
that it was cool and anyone's something
yes it's so awesome but anyway I'm gonna
go now and do some bits I might even put
in a little bit evil within still cuz
I'm not in that game right now really
haven't played a game that much for a
while Benny wait we're leaving out some
ground and like crazy and I'll see you
guys later probably when we're eating
guys oh my god it's walking dead time I
think guys Walking Dead is a finish and
I am now back inside my office where I
need to record videos for tomorrow so I
only found out as I mentioned earlier
the I am going to London tomorrow which
is exciting but I need to get these
videos done I think it's pixelmon and
something else I decided to record so I
need to do that now Walking Dead was
awesome episode 3 of the new season it
left on a really big cliffhanger like he
came out of nowhere and it just ended I
was like no you can't just ended there
but they did and I'll have to wait
another week but that's why you keep
watching it it's so good this season
again is quite slow but I guess that
just comes with watching a series in
that style I guess what is on my wall oh
it's just and though I thought was a
spider protect battery yeah and it's
kind of slow at the moment but I'm sure
I picked I was starting to pick up
already some crazy stuff went down in
today's episode so if you're a fan of it
definitely check it out if you haven't
done so already and I need to get doing
these videos man whoa so I just got done
up playing a really cool minigame for
tomorrow I was gonna record a mini game
I was like I'm tossing up between a mini
mod or mini game and because I have like
internet for a while I haven't played a
mini games like three weeks which is
crazy because mini games are so good
nowadays and I went on to mine Plex well
I went on to my server list and saw my
pants at our Halloween themed ones it's
Halloween in like four days or three
days by the time you see this
and I thought I'd play and it's really
good because I went on their Christmas
minigame and that was super cool when
it's kind of in the same style and you
have to defeat the pumpkin King so good
it was a really good game and I how you
supposed to go and check out if you've
seen the video already you would have
seen how awesome it is we managed to
beat at first time which is incredible
because the first time I had a couple of
goes before I um before I recorded it
just to see what it was like and I
failed both times so I didn't die I made
it through and we beat the pumpkin King
it was awesome so if you haven't checked
it out then go and check it out it's
awesome and I need to edit these bad
boys it's now almost ten past eleven I
think I'll make a tea first and have one
more tea before bed
get them rendered ready to go for
tomorrow and I don't have to leave too
early tomorrow but I'm really excited to
vlog it um hopefully I can vlog inside
where I'm going if not then I'll do a
lot of sneaky not sneaky blogging so
I'll get in trouble but I'm sure they'll
be ok with it but if not then I'll do a
lot of like explaining afterwards and
stuff should be awesome hey guys it is 1
a.m. now which is nuts and I am waiting
for or just show you I'm waiting for
this bad boy to render it is pixelmon
and it has got 9 minutes and a half left
so probably just going to watch some
youtube videos or something because I
can actually do that now so crazy I can
finally watch youtube videos because our
free geo is literally like so bad
downstairs and I'll see you spend most
of our time downstairs that we can even
watch videos properly on our phones so
we've got internet now which is
beautiful there's a slowest internet in
the world that's what we had before as
emerged early it was like 7 times slower
it took me over like over an hour to
upload the vlog earlier so I'm going to
have to I've got two videos prepared for
tomorrow two really cool ones that
you've got pixelmon which was really
awesome thanks to think noodles
and also a Halloween minigame which is
awesome on the main channel and then
obviously I upload a daily vlog as well
for tomorrow which will be this one as
well and then tomorrow I'm doing
something really cool which hopefully
I'll be able to vlog too so I think I
mentioned that like three times already
I'm not really sure kind of having big
gaps in between each time that I blog
but um yeah I'm producing to watch some
videos now on catch up on what I've
missed out on and I'll upload these ones
I guess I got two that have rendered and
just when this one's finished rendering
it will be I'll need to upload to top
all you just do that overnight so I've
done the fun nails and that as well
because of how long it's going to take
so I'll upload those overnight and then
I've got a train to London at half-past
eleven which is a lot better than happen
the times I've had to catch a train to
London before usually it's like 9 a.m. 8
a.m. 7 a.m. but now half 11 I can deal
with that so I'm gonna try and stay
awake for another 7 minutes and 34
seconds and then I should be able to go
to sleep and meet you guys early in the
morning so I'm probably going in today's
vlog here because nothing else is gonna
happen I'm not going to move from this
seat until I go to bed so thank you so
much for watching if you'd enjoy them
please leave a big fat thumbs up but
make sure you watch it tomorrow's vlog
cause it's gonna be awesome
so I'll see you guys then bye
