in any good morning
well then out later back do all oh you
silly weirdo good morning guys how are
you doing today is the day of the big
Halloween party it is currently let me
just get my watch one sec it is 25 past
11:00
no it's 25 plus 10 actually the clocks
went back which I completely forgot
about cuz I'm iPhones and that do it by
themselves so my watch is now an hour
head which is a little bit weird
probably next hour in bed which is
awesome and we can even in about an hour
because we've got about an hour journey
to get to the party but it should be
awesome I think they're gonna have like
stores and stuff and so much I didn't
realize even so it should be a good
vlogging day how you doing okay come say
hello again what are you doing come say
hello
TP so wait guys come on how do you come
you know you don't want to come up she
wants me to pick her up come on you're
lazy so lady here she comes here she
comes couldn't do it yeah he's gonna
have fun she's going as Eva a skeleton
or a cat it's a little bit weird but I
think the skeleton costume is gonna be
better because she hates the catwalk and
basically so I'm gonna get some tea of
course and then we're gonna head out to
the Halloween party and of course I'm
gonna show that out this before we go as
well so cue the hoodies two cuties got
witch Eddie your social skill an outfit
no she keeps movin the Hat like to the
back of her head are you grumpy
because they just finished
it was pretty good it was like quite a
small venue for how many pokes were
there there wasn't as many as they said
they were gonna be but but Ellie did win
look all this stuff for coming third in
the costume competition the fancy dress
competition it was all since Morgan do
now its head - like a pug friendly pub
which means we can like have some food
before I'm full or and Dom has to go
home until he as well it's gonna be sad
if we're gonna grab something to eat and
it's apparently a dog friendly pub so
Jillian Daniel got the two of us as well
they're both really tired so we're gonna
eat and then Paulie head home guys chili
DOM and Laura have left they left it's
really sad are you mrs. chilly already
but enough behind these right here so I
guess I can forget them I've already had
two today but I might have another one
so what are we doing now we are just
casually watching TV cuz I'm super tired
I just have like a micro nap which was
okay and I might play some more evil
with it because I'm played it for a few
days and I definitely need to because
last time I got through like maybe two
or three chapters in one sitting which
was pretty good and yeah I think that's
what I'm gonna do today the Pug stuff
today was really fun and then we went
out for a meal which was good and we
went into like this this cool pub I'm
allowed dogs I think I kind of um
mentioned it earlier but it was really
nice this house
always weird actually because you
there's not many places in the UK that
allows you to have dogs especially in an
eating place but this one was really
good because it turns out the owner of
the pub had a puck so that's why she
allows dogs in but it was really nice to
have Ellie and um Tilly in with us while
we're eating and it was a good time a
really good time and had an amazing
weekend as well so I'm gonna eat some
donuts and some tea I'm gonna drink the
tea and play some what people win and
I'll catch you guys each other
welcome again guys to the garden for the
second day in a row I'm gonna end the
vlog in the garden because I'm just
playing fairy do our business then we're
gonna go to bed
perfect time to vlog I guess so today
was a really good day a little bit sad
because the guys went home we missed
them already
Ellie definitely misses have another pug
around so
I guess we might have to get another one
yeah but it was really awesome to see
them and hang out with them for the
weekend it was really really good and
have another pug around to edit was she
was she gone oh she's just like staring
at the door making it open with her mind
I think would be perfect you want to see
what she's wearing right now she's
wearing a little jumper look how cute
that is keeping her nice and nice and
warm actually because it's pretty chilly
out here so I'm totally cool ooh you
enjoyed the Polka bean footage the party
was really cool I'm so glad the early
one the UM and the light just went out
no she's gone get the light again one
sec there we go that's better so I'm
really happy the Ellie won something a
happen to the party it was really cute
for um third place in the Best Dressed
hug as the scallop ugh I think they
called here noon check out Instagram and
Twitter for pictures and also in here as
well so any you can't bark it's like
midnight and also oh yeah I played the
the evil within again and I completed
one of the chapters I think completed
chapter 5 now in chapter 6 and we're on
like well I'm on a one-way it's more
like a wave level so there's waves of
these mutant zombies coming at me it's
crazy so I'm gonna go to bed now because
I'm tired I'm tired let me go get up
early for another broadband engineer
just know sort of tomorrow I don't know
what I'm gonna do I just have no idea so
thank you so much watching guys he did
enjoy please leave a big fat huggy
thumbs up and it's bit of like a par 3
videos have been very very punk
orientated so what do you or do it
whilst you expect for me ready
lots of bugs so anyway thank you so much
watching you'd enjoy please leave like
and I will see you guys tomorrow
