guys we're in a random field we have no
idea where we are we're just kind of
looking for basic Eddie we don't even
know if this is like fun or whatever
what hey how you doing I think this is
the first time that I've brought today
actually and it is called past five so
that's a very naughty me I think so but
we haven't really done much today to be
honest but the clean around this morning
I have a swell sky because they're
literally terrible sorting out broadband
issues but now I've got some way to at
least upload videos by using like a
temporary mobile broadband thing because
sky give me a day that they can get
around and sort out the incident
Saturday so that's going to be good
everything we've ever okay with the
intent God the moment which is the
mobile stuff I can actually start
uploading download normally Facebook
kind of stuff normally which is really
annoying but thanks guys for sticking
with me we've been really all this stuff
it's really annoying but um hey we're on
a walk of le and it's feeling pretty
good I'm sounded quite worn out now I
need to do a lot more walking yeah
definitely so that's a good thing about
having a dog actually isn't you can I do
lots and lots of walking we look at
massive field don't even know if we're
supposed to be here but I'm sure we'll
quickly find out if we're not supposed
to any idea where we're going next
just photon it around something we
couldn't have to walk all over there I
think it is I think Eddie's enjoying it
though I'll do it that's cute
you know poppies that's quite um what's
it called topical for November actually
whoof it's almost November anyway it's
not not quite but I think for dinner
today we're going to be making our very
own pizza so as I said in another vlog
my eyes I'd just be like cooking with
dantdm because we're going to be cooking
some pieces today but we're gonna be
making them not gonna be making the
pizza bases because that's hard we
bought those but the rent and it's gonna
be beautiful so we're gonna finish the
rest of this walk and we'll probably
meet you in the kitchen looks like the
beginning of like a very epic film
haha it looks whoa cool the site is
gonna be a bit stormy
I told you that is the own menu in the
kitchen so already both rock eaters we
got ham palm am currently really nice
tomato puree any speed smart sweet
cheese and of course the basis as well
and if you can see that those are bases
so I'm going to quickly cut this open
with a knife because I'm going to need
to spread it anyway beautiful pink knife
here and cut it open got it open alright
as far that it looks beautiful it's like
a naked pizza so what we're going to do
is try this out I have a main piece in
like a long long time ago I'm gonna make
it strong yeah it's these Justin cleans
right him me to open this I'm going to
make I think I'm going to make a trailer
as pizza I'm going to give it a go
anyway when you describe this on and I
think I'm going to bring you guys a
little bit closer here we go that squirt
this on what should we do I guess we
need to make I don't know how much we
need to be honest so if I put say that
much on and then spread it about that's
definitely not enough is it unlike my
opponent pizzas pretty tomato as well
that's definitely not enough definitely
this does put some more on ready yeah
there we go this bigger is like fake
blood for Halloween tip this is take all
of this and make it automatically there
we go check that I imagine just making a
pizza just like that so now we need to
grate me some cheese there we go
let's watch the cheese rain down I'm not
sure should I try these fat ones what
are these fat ones would like they're
kind of weird I guess I'm gonna just do
grated because it's a little bit easier
we go that's better that's better look
at this is the good stuff there we go
beautiful
whenever as much one as I can got them
bigger lumps in the middle now and then
we're gonna make sure ours is faced with
the with the ham ah this looks good I'm
not too sure how much I need to put on
to be honest yes nice and cheesy now we
need to do the hand in the shape of a
villager face right then let me just
decided wedding here we go look at oh
wow this is some weird weird ham it's
really thin oh look at it look at it so
we need to do like I need to kind of rip
this in half and then make it into an
eyebrow I don't know how well is it
going to go never really ripped ham
before here we go let's try it let's try
it's going pretty well
I say as I rip it and completely the
wrong direction but here we go
this is going to be the eyebrow look
let's get a look perfect and then we
need like a big nose and this part is
perfect for I think I need to move up a
little bit there we go there we go the
cheese is going everywhere beautiful
might need a bigger nose than that
actually I'm not too sure we could do
some eyes now anyway got a limited
amount of ham I need to leave some
pajama top as well right then two beady
eyes can I rip this in the right way see
if this works ready for a beady eye here
there we go and this reminds me of the
pumpkin thing that we did in that Moors
like quite like last week I think it was
there's another aisle guard his eyes
what's wrong with his eyes and we can
use this beer for like a mouth but we
needed to go like underneath his nose so
this is going to be tricky let's try and
lift up the nose ready flap this over
and try and do the nose here we go
did that work this looks terrible there
we go
let's put two little cheese bits for the
eyes look at that there we go try Oris
in a pizza you really cannot see it
whatsoever but just in case neither
eyebrow then we've got an eye here and I
here with two little pupils big fat nose
and the mouth amazing this is gonna this
better taste good
I hope Charles tastes good
the kids told his parents grew to be
strange so guys does this look like
trailers no no it doesn't it looks
better than it did when it was fresh I
tried to put some more cheese on the
eyes but it didn't really work but it
looks good Jemma's looks better she did
how does my moody Pro gonna so we're
gonna eat these now do the big taste did
a big taste test yeah mmm he's good I
can't remember the last time they logged
I think it was when we made those pizzas
and they were so yummy like really
really nice we definitely do that again
um where's any gone I just took her
outside and now she disappeared
oh this year she's on the sofa Eddy
gonna come upstairs she's ignoring me
she trying to find things that she
buried but yeah we've had a good day
today
making pizzas were really good I just
finished recording um some new Sims
which is going to go up tomorrow because
now we have like at least some Internet
to be able to not browse and like do all
the normal stuff like what Fuji videos
and stuff but um we've got enough that I
can upload videos which is awesome and
get back to like a normal upload
schedule three dronov upload schedule we
have people coming round some friends
come around with their pub tomorrow
evening
and then they're gonna be here Saturday
and Sunday where we're going to be doing
on Saturday we've got a pub Meetup and
on Sunday we've also got a pug Halloween
party which is going to be epic I mean
it's gonna be awesome as someone else
from well we could have a hundred and
fifty pugs there which is not so we're
gonna kind of do like a mini two-day
tour with the pug that should be awesome
so lots more pug stuff coming up this
weekend which is going to be amazing and
they've got a pug themselves called
Tilly which should be awesome so they're
going to come around and uh have some
fun which is going to be cool like our
first proper overnight get
at the house so it should be nice to
sharp for a bit and now tomorrow we have
to get up quite early and just like
grind up some videos for the weekends so
Friday we'll be Sims which I've already
recorded and I seem to record better at
night for some reason and I'm not sure
why but I do
so I played Sims that ended up being
like a 15 minute recording so I'm have
to chop that down a little bit for
YouTube because otherwise it can be long
to watch but um well mini mini marts
maybe so I can't get on any mini game
server zero because no internet I'll let
you have just uploading bandwidth which
is kind of annoying so that's why I've
been pumping out mods recently like
crazy and you guys seem to love the mods
anyway which is understandable when
there's a lot of ones coming out
recently so that's good and then what
else Saturday mod it's normally a
trailers video but I haven't got access
to the Internet to be able to download
like sound effects and bits and pieces
and artworks and images and fonts and
all that kind of crazy stuff that I use
for videos especially those ones anyway
so I might be able to get something
going but it depends on something else
which I know is a little bit of like a
code word but or like a limerick no
what's it called not a limerick it's
called a common word it's called what's
the word I'm thinking of not unless you
don't know what I'm thinking oh but it
sounds a little bit confusing but it'll
make sense when I've actually done it
and someday is survival Sunday so that's
pretty easy to do now the diamond
dimensions is really getting to full
swing so got those to record tomorrow
should be okay because I'm on point of
those and that's pretty much it so
that's pretty much summary of what the
weekend is going to be I need to take
Eddie to bed because I am tired as well
I need to edit this vlog so I will see
you guys for a pug packed weekend
tomorrow yeah Ellie what have we found
you within your mouth is that Jemma are
you eating Jemma so naughty you're gonna
sleep with van your mouth
