good afternoon guys how are you doing I
hope you're doing good
check it out we got some new barstools
finally it was something else that I
needed to build but it was nice and
simple and it is a crazy day for weather
today I'm going to show you right now
you're not going to hear anything that
I'm saying
but in super windy outside and he's
going supervise Eddy
spit well voltage and of what are you
doing Eddie what are you doing huh you
mean sir of a tornado the opposite
country like Mexico or something wow
it's so windy it was terribly terribly
rainy this morning but um now it's kind
of nice but it's so windy and that's
what's making it cold and um Ellie is
enjoying it so much because the leaves
are blowing around she's cheap it's a
good day for Ellie
hey hey also how to camera hey guys it's
Ellie
so I've built some chests away the
interns get turned on 100% sure weather
is going to be because the country that
we are that great so uh hopefully they
get to buck their ideas I'm gonna get
back inside so winter you cold
Ellie I do okay hungry actually hit some
ten to two I've only had breakfast I'm
at I don't think she's going to come in
this idiot is just like flowing in the
wind
it's locked outside Ellie okay she's not
even wanting to come back in she's just
just attacking all the leaves oh my
goodness Eliot you coming in
show me your leaf that you got touch
that way too much fun
off she goes I think I might as well
just call this channel cooking with Dan
because check out my new creation just
ignore the little bit to the sides a
little bit burn but that's always going
to happen but it's cheese
kinda looks like eggs so overcooked it a
little bit with rt cheese and ham and
breads and low baguettes that we use
just like you still had some left but
most important thing is I'm going to try
out the brand barstools I know in my
life of so exciting to try a couple
basketballs
I think Elias mother food goose motherfu
deli she matches these bar stools really
well first you can sit up at them so
finally we've got a place to sit in our
kitchen which is awesome notice how cute
is this so cute yep you been cool quick
right away rather than guys the internet
is still not on what time is it it is
quarter to 5:00 it says it to be fair it
says that it wouldn't be updated until
the maximum of midnight which is quite
scary so I've managed to get a sims 4
video which is meant to go up yesterday
and I managed to get that up on my 3g
which is completely taken all of my
tethering allowance I can't blame more
tethering allowance because the three
website is down which is super handy by
the way three thanks a lot for that the
only time I use it and it's down to
maintenance but apart from that I think
I'm only going to be able to upload a
sims 3 video on the main channel today
I'm going to try and tether off of a
different phone the vlog for today which
you too saw yesterday and it's quite I
can't remember what was in that I think
I tried to play some old games I think
that's what it was but um today we're
gonna have some family round it's
actually turned into a very beautiful
looking day so this is the view out of
our bedroom window like that dirty
window my goodness but anyway look at
that that looks so nice look a
silhouette looks awesome so it's still
windy as anything though which is crazy
almost getting blown off my feet taking
air out to do our business absolutely
insane so we got some family round
coming round for dinner and that means I
need to go out and get some dinner
because we don't have any and I'm not
sure what we want to get I don't really
know you know what food I'm probably
thinking about curry wood
you're so nice and simple for like four
people but we'll find out and I'll come
back to you when I've either while I'm
buying it or when I bought it
see you later how's it going guys it's
been a while since I've blogged last is
now well 25 past twelve didn't even
realize it was that late we eventually
had people round which is awesome we had
some family round to play Wii party u
because we bought it a long time ago
when we bought our we and then since
I've just played Mario Kart on it and
since we can have the internet and we
wanted to try out some stuff for like
when Christmas comes up and that we
wanted something that was like buzz that
old game on um ps2 which is still hard
actually
but we played it so much that we know
all the questions and stuff and all the
games and that so we want to play
something new so we tried out we part to
you here's some footage from it
and it was a really fun game not gonna
lie it was really really fun it's kind
of like Mario Party a little bit more
simple but a little bit different as
well and we do have the old marrapodi
for Wii as well are coming which one but
it's really cool it's it's even in like
a square ratio it's not even widescreen
which is awesome so we had dinner I made
a pasta bake which was beautiful and had
some rhubarb crumble themed with custard
which was nice - so I'm nice and full
Internet is still not on oh my goodness
don't even get me started tomorrow I'm
gonna make a very stern phone call to
the people they're supposed to be
supplying our internet um they're not
gonna be what I'm not gonna be in a good
mood about it because I need my internet
and still not ants hopefully maybe some
magic happens overnight in the Internet
comes on but who knows I'm just ignore
this stuff in the background by the way
this is like all the remnants of what I
cooked and what we didn't eat which is
not a lot we ate most of it pretty much
all of it actually apart from some of
the the crumbled stuff which I need to
over say but it's almost gone so I'm
going to end today's vlog here not sure
what I recorded today it's been another
long day but we are going to play some
more we party tomorrow I might try to
get some more footage of it some more
proper footage of it tomorrow because it
was really fun to play know some really
weird games it was so fun to play so
gets a purge of it tomorrow
um and I will see you guys tomorrow I'm
not sure what else we're doing tomorrow
really not sure so I'll see you guys
tomorrow do you enjoy it I hope you had
a great day as well and if you did
please leave a thumbs up and I will see
you tomorrow
we go to bed
