oops evening guys and yes this is the
first time today I apologize I have had
a crazy busy day it's three minutes past
eight according to the cooker right here
and it's dinner time
of course so we're starting with dinner
time because there are a lot of people
we're gonna have a lot of people around
today but we had a few people around
today and it took quite a while so my
mom came round with my nan which was
awesome they finally saw their house and
we had some people smash up more of the
pond and get that ready to be paved and
we went around to a friend's house and
then I had to make videos so my videos
are gonna be so late this evening it's
incredible I just cannot wait to get
into know what two days left
wow I just I just actually cannot wait
to get the internet because my videos
are suffering which I cannot stand
luckily it's the weekend so hope you
guys are staying up late and watching
them so let's have a look in the fridge
oh we also went boot shopping as well
because as I mentioned before in a club
over here in the UK I don't know if this
happens in the u.s. an offer on Sunday
is shot closed at about four ish so no
24 hours no nothing and we have to rush
out and get some food so I'm really into
having this today which is it's chicken
enchiladas they taste well I'm hoping
they're gonna taste so good so how long
does it take so we quickly look at the
instructions here cuz I'm looking
through the camera go off focus mommy
buddy focus focus oven cook from chilled
20 minutes
not bad so let's go and find out what
the Gemma
would like to eat because um I'm hungry
let's go and find out shall we
Gemma what would you like to eat today
you're gonna have a design yeah
the beef one and let's say hello to
Ellie who is one year and one day old
today you're very hot on you you just
been sleeping around a friend's house we
took Ellie to because we were on a walk
and I think oh oh oh sorry Ellie we're
not going for one of those we're not I
promise you
why are you doing you look so tired she
just been sleeping yeah mm-hmm she's so
born by then let's go and use the new
cooker again so it's weird getting
excited about using a cooker to be
honest but um let's that's gonna do this
it's gonna use it right then so I think
we're gonna do James in the microwave
beef lasagna let's go and see how how
long it takes to cook I always loved
food but I ate a lot of food so it kind
of makes sense this one food power and
chilled six and a half minutes or oven
cook let's go and ask what you'd like
are you super hungry or kind of hungry
so do you want it to be microwaves or
loveand the oven takes 25 minutes okay
that's easier for me so let's go and
turn the oven on next microwave some
things up and I'll see you guys in a bit
not sure what I'm doing tonight I'm
gonna have to go back to old house
upload the videos but they're rendering
at the moment which takes so much time
which is kind of annoying maybe I need a
better computer but apart from that I
really get yesterday's day blog up
because it is Annie's birthday and I
think you guys must just seriously love
that blog so it was really cool to edit
and put together so I'm going to eat
I'll see you later
and it goes
cannot wait and yeah daddy
what are you gonna do Eddie come over
here can she get it it's quite high
morning
Oh close Go Daddy go kitty oh no the
dogs on TV
Ellie you've ruined a game you can't
quite get the quick oh oh that's so good
good girl she jumps so high bye guys it
is about doesn't why always say about
I'm always wearing a watch most of the
time it's 25 to 10:00 in the evening and
my videos still on up I'm literally
going crazy I can't believe my videos on
up and the new video is still rendering
right now it's take it too long anyway
what better thing is there to do at 25
to 10 then obviously watch my videos if
there are of course it's used these to
build a box sport I thought we've got
all of these boxes just sitting around
we haven't taken them to the to the tip
yet to recycle them so what better thing
to do then just make a box fall out of
them and that's what I'm going to do
right now why not
and here we go the boxwood is completely
let's take a quick walk around the
outside I don't know how long it's gonna
stay up and already can hear some kind
of cold creaky right now she's looking
where I'm going we use most of them a
lot of them are flat packed and stuff so
I didn't use them as my finger gets in
the way the camera but let's go inside
this bad boy I'll show you around crib
style so here is the front it's got a
beautiful LG beginning and then this
simply decides open to reveal the door
so let's just go inside I'm gonna get
some so excited so excited it's gonna be
awesome yeah see me right now but inside
my books for and it looks incredible so
this a quick look around there's not
really much I'll know if it rains we're
not gonna be in good shape after all
there's holes everywhere yeah if there's
a holes everywhere there's holes in the
side as well but chicken we actually
made a decent box fort now I'm pretty
much the king of this fort so I'm gonna
have to ask you to leave if I'm afraid
it's no joke and I'm gonna see if I can
add anything else to it without it
falling down on what else could I add
I'm trying to see if there's any like
cool there is some cool stuff in here
there is actually some polystyrene which
we can use maybe there's like uprights
here and you turn out the other way if
that works does that work stay there yes
that's gonna work what else can we use
there should be another one of those in
here I think I found it
I found a thinner one that works that
works as well so we've got that and I've
don't fall so full there we go got
another ones you've got kind of like I
think I need to find another thinner one
so that we can add it
that one and then we've got an equal
kind of fitness on each side what do you
think of that kind of adds like a little
pillow section to it the roof is
interesting like the roof is very
interesting I've got this massive pile
up here trying to keep the rest of the
UM the rest of the boxes up but I think
it worked pretty well let's try and get
a big view of it from the other side of
the garage I'm leaving this here for a
while actually I might have to knock it
down because if it falls down in the
middle of the night we're gonna be
pretty freaked out so one more shot from
the inside yes we are free to get back
into normal routine unfortunately I
can't stay here in this boy I'm gonna be
all so if I can just
I was just feel amazing I would rule the
world from here I probably make videos
from here and technically I am ready
back on my minecraft in here I'm kind of
playing Minecraft already by building
things but I'm just
there's graph to stand up I think that's
the only way to do it should I try stand
let's go
laughter powerful and fell backwards
haha oh dear I don't even know if you
caught that on there but and there we
have it the TDM box sports is super
destroyed I have made a mega mess in
here am I gonna clean up maybe later
ah oh my god all of it I might clean up
later
I should probably clear up a little bit
now let me just move this over here so
that we don't have too much evidence of
what went down here apart from what is
going to be on the Internet of course
well guys that was super fun I have to
put this back oh man this is gonna be
the best vlog ever I've been planning
through this for ages when we've been
collecting more and more cargo boxes
I'll just like I need to make this I
need to make this now and I don't even
know if my the next door neighbors can
hear me making this if they can then I
hope they heard something awesome
happening in here I need to get out of
here let's leave the evidence behind and
go it's gonna be super dark I'm scared
let's go oh I can't see anything oh no I
don't even know if you can see me right
now
but I need to walk out of here oh maybe
not there where else can I go where's
the door handle door handles here I
think I'll make it I think I made it
guys I think I make a whole life I'm
here that was one of the funnest things
I've ever done let's get inside
oh my goodness that guy's is too too
late it is now let's have a look here so
look I'll show it is 23:38 is that what
I said 23:38
I'm only just uploading because it's way
too late I'm so sorry if you watch my
main channel I'm not sure how many of
you don't watch my main channel but I'm
assuming most of you do I'm so sorry
about today's videos it is
dimensions 148 and Xbox episode 18
hopefully you can watch my in the
morning before you go to school or
hopefully you're up late enough to watch
them but yeah I can only apologize for
today because not having internet my
house means that I can't complete a
video so a complete Dalmatians first and
then that means I could usually like
upload it while I record the other one
but that can't work because I don't have
internet my house so two days I'm
counting down the days two days and I
get internet so we'll be back to normal
which will be perfect I cannot wait for
someone who uses the Internet to upload
videos on a daily basis and full of job
essentially it is so painful and I
really want to get videos up for you
guys on time like I'm now it's 12 and it
should be up at 6 like my vlog did you
go up about 5 6 now 6 hours late that's
way too long for you guys to wait so I
do apologize I feel so bad but they're
uploading now I'll put them live as soon
as possible I usually stagger my uploads
to when diamond up into the next box has
finished processing uploaded those both
at the same time so you can have them
it's super stressful and crazy but it's
worth it in the end it's so worth it
hopefully you enjoy the videos you made
a wrinkle thing in Xbox and the
domination thing was cool but apart from
that it's been a pretty hectic day lot
again are visiting and tomorrow's Monday
which means the a brand new week is
starting in the brand new house which is
cool and means that we haven't got too
many people coming round and
interrupting so a lot of this has been
meeting people storing stuff out getting
stuff worked down the house no power no
internet not good not good but I'm
trying the best for you guys hopefully
it is enough so I hope you enjoyed the
box for I'm still buzzing about that I
hope that came out really well can't
wait to edit it so I can see how the box
bought when um and it was cool and I
hope you enjoyed it as well so if you
did leave a big fat thumbs up I'm gonna
end the vlog in the old house for a bit
of a change but if your styie
could not be visiting here again for a
while after the Internet is installed in
our new place so I think I'll come here
Morrow and then the day after that the
internet comes in on a new place so I'll
be here one more time one more time only
so thank you so much for watching please
leave a thumbs up if you did enjoy and I
hope you had a good evening at night
morning whenever you're watching this
and I will see you all next time
