happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday to Elly happy
birthday to you they go enjoy your
birthday breakfast Elly today today guys
it's Elly's birthday birthday birthday
birthday and now she's going to she's
have a meal what you've seen already
which was beautiful can do i scrambled
eggs a six and half time this morning
but look it's birthday time
I think what is it we're gonna get her
to open it herself and see if she does
it can you see our badge
it's got a little badge on a collar well
is it so she's gonna open it open it
yeah go any go that's one way of doing
it oh look a little badge birthday girl
anyways she's doing it yeah
it's not the paper that's the toy it's
not the paper you're looking for almost
you can see it no it's right under there
yeah it's sort of close yeah yeah this
you can get it what's that
almost there she's caught it just hold
the end and see if you pull down this is
all funny just slapping it we go he's so
close it's kicking her nose pop it she
can probably smell another bit
rip it rip it rip it just taking you
longer than it took to get the thing out
the table yeah she got out she did it
didn't get this thing out yes yeah she
got it you guys have already seen what
these are but Ellie
you can't won the paper I think she
likes it little foggy oh she likes the
crinkle you so what do we do now we're
going to finish getting ready and then
we're going into a little park which is
really cool it's hot you like the school
ground and we're gonna meet all Ellie's
puggy friends there that should be what
you say about ten more than ten pugs
there so it's going to be amazing so and
they're all going to be hopefully in
party hats as well oh look at this yeah
it's Oh bacon treats from yesterday eat
it yay
tell me you like them it's bacon you
know no I think she just had a dinner
anyway but yeah we'll probably see you
Alma back from the pub nice um it was so
good Weiss it was me it was Ellie's but
if they punked me enough there was loads
as you could see from the food Cyprien
before this let's go a balloon then I
assured this morning but you should see
how many presents Ellie got she got more
than idea on my birthday and wow just
wow like all this stuff ready ready
ready this is all these presents and
stuff it's crazy and we got some really
cool like professional pictures done as
well with um these hats on and with her
brother and all the cool stuff look at
this in there we never stood in there
Ambler is darling on my load of pugs it
was some treaties in here and some stuff
that she needs unwrapping and of course
we gave out goodie bags - wow it was
really really cool I hope you enjoyed
the little montage they put it together
I'm not sure how much footage I got but
hopefully it was also arranged for the
start of it then we're allowed outside
because it was sunny and stuff and it
was so good it was really fun it's now a
half one I haven't eaten today even
because we had someone round this
morning to look at stuff and then we had
to go straight outside not even that
time to eat so I might make some food
now actually this sounds like a really
good idea
Ellie's a birthday girl look your
amazing hair she's actually keeping it
on is that you watching nice nice okay
take it slow I can't use on the vlog
look at all of these presents oh my
goodness selling that is so much and
this cute little hat as well are you
okay to try it out a brand new treat and
ate it - too fast look at all the
presents bad diner looks super cool I'm
not happy about that door okay so now
I'm gonna show you simply my greatest
attack creation so far here it is the
dining table is finally done and I think
it looks proper good it's really solid
like for a flat-pack it's really solid
but it really just finishes off this
room almost almost we've got a mirror to
put up on that wall and we moved that
over there if you saw in my previous
vlog we had the Yankee Candle covered
over here it's not gonna be a Yankee
kangaroo cupboard I don't think is it
gonna be a Yankee Candle cupboard yeah
it is gonna be a Yankee Candle cupboards
are you going to keep all these on the
top I think they look kind of cool yeah
I think I'm really cool but um yeah the
dinette set was complete which means
another room to give you a quick 360
it's close to completion and that's
really exciting we can now eat up at the
table which is awesome and we've also
ordered some bar stools for the kitchen
as well so it's got an island in the
middle I'll show you just now it's gone
island right here so we're going to put
one two three and then one on the end as
well and that's going to be awesome and
then the kitchen is pretty much complete
I'm so excited I keep saying super
exciting all my videos but I'm really
really proud of it to be honest we've
built a lot of stuff but three beds six
chair has what is going on here
what is going on guys guys guys this is
this is a bit weird Oh Gemma wins
actually got it back awesome so look all
these toys are all over the floor these
one uh birthday presents that you saw
earlier well what time is it ten past
eleven
I'm peckish so I'm gonna eat and I'm bit
sweaty I'm not gonna lie so I'm gonna
have I'm gonna have a a nice can of cold
cold coke because that's going to be
beautiful I'm gonna
something not sure what and when we got
it looks like a real fluffy soap you got
there that's gonna stop no easy any oh
she's going she's out you can't happy
it's gone those guys those guys I think
only had an amazing birthday I think she
had like super tons of fun which is
awesome which we were really like happy
to see there were so many pugs I still
can't get over how many bugs that were
like 30 or so pugs and we're going into
a Halloween party next weekend as well
which is said it's rumored to have been
150 pugs that are go in that's a lot of
pugs and he's gonna be dressed as we
tried some outfits on earlier bars
recording videos so I didn't get to vlog
it and I don't have all the sprites as
well but we are going to dress you up as
a cat but sounds a bit but um she acts
like a cat to be fair and she's gonna be
like a black which is cat we tried on a
skeleton one but there's a hat that goes
with a skeleton one and it pretty much
makes the outfit but she doesn't like it
she just rips it off so she's used her
hands and smacks it off so she doesn't
like that and got some Christmas outfits
ready for some Christmas you blogs too
which is gonna be awesome so I think
we're to end today's vlog now because
all we're gonna do now is chill out
because we haven't done that today I
need to send another video public as
well so and that's quite late for me
usually I put them up at 6 and 8 but now
I put them up like 10 and 11 because
it's just been crazy today still don't
have internet three days to go until we
have the internet so I'm gonna end the
vlog here if you did enjoy it then
please you give a big fat thumbs up
we're doing
there were some big bags they got some
clothes in can't wait to use them
definitely tired so there you go there
you go okay so yeah if you did enjoy it
please leave a big fat thumbs up for
Ellie's birthday did you enjoy yourself
Ellie
to do to herself enjoy yourself I think
she did she's now a big one a big one my
Scientology's like seven that's pretty
cool so yeah I will we will see you all
tomorrow good looks like I ended my blog
prematurely and why because I was going
to have a snack but I decided to have
something that required a little bit
more preparation got this right here
which is custard because of these bad
boys look look that looks so good
it looks so good so massive fangs it's
for my sister-in-law for giving me these
yeah hey they won't open they would open
well then they're different kind of
blackest things and I'm just gonna plop
them in my custard right here there's
like red ones and they're yellow ones so
I'm gonna have one of each and this
looks pretty good I'm not gonna lie
look at that forgive my hand out the way
look oh so tasty and the reason why I'm
vlogging this as I lick my fingers it's
because I want to go and use the new
table that is probably the main reason
why I made this so let's go and use the
new table because I want to
oh hi Ellie she just conked out on the
floor silly ally but here we go
Oh quizzing in a new table yes oh I'm
super excited to munch into this so
sorry for that premature end of the vlog
but hope you enjoy it and I'm gonna go
to bed hope you had a great evening
weekend or whatever or whenever you're
watching this I'll see you all next time
