guys daddy's got a new pop friend it's
like double the size if the one before
and there's treats in it look and she's
trying to work out how to get them it's
okay go get him go get him you can go
get him
we need to do his tip it over Oh
she always did it in she almost got
brave in here dirt going one slapping
her over
whoa silly dog all you have to do oh she
made you could do it you could do it
yeah that's a proper kick I'm gonna
leave one in there and see if she does
it again yeah so guys I'm gl√ºck today so
apologies but it's about 20 past 4 and
we're shopping good Eddie's birthday
which is tomorrow what should we get
there's literally tons and tons we've
got some stuff already but I didn't work
together
what should we gonna there's this weird
flat box that looks like something run
over me
got a shoe oh god I was gonna say how do
they use that but they don't look at it
it's like a biscuit as a background
that is pretty freaky a voice wanted one
of these in trouble chickens
nothing I'll show you what we got when
we get home for her already
what should I wait till tomorrow yeah
I'll show them later cuz we're gonna
wrap here so we need to get some
wrapping paper
we had a other an insult today which I'm
gonna show you and I guess I'll sit we
need to defy some things should we bacon
trees i do then yeah sweet purchase one
were they
bacon trees for me and daddy hey go buy
some more things and we'll probably meet
you back cut look at this I think it's
awesome I think we just made the best
discovery ever Greg's now do hot dogs
are you happy with the hot dog yeah I
don't know if I'm feeling it right now
oh it's got good shot of you munch in
there yeah they're good you know so if
you live in the UK go to Greg's nostril
hot dog naked hi guys we are back we got
so we got quite a lot of stuff actually
we didn't get too much bad news but
thanks you already got some yesterday if
that makes sense about show you what
we've got in total and we just phoned
then let's cheer we are so this is what
we've already so but I'm gonna birthday
party as I've already said so this stuff
right here is all for party bags so
we're gonna do like goodie bags and
stuffs we got lots of tennis balls we've
got bits kids and shape of bones these
more bone-shaking biscuits yes I think
they are more potent shape staff more
bone shapes and some cool little ball
things they're like rawhide snowballs
very cool and then here Eddie's brother
is gonna be there so that's really cool
cuz I'm the person who bought Eddie's
brother lives near us so his present
because of course he's gonna be one as
well
he's got these little bones in a bag and
they've each got one of these and he no
you can't look no that's a shark look at
this and then for Elliot we got one of
these because she absolutely loves these
they smell of milk so it says on there
to focus autofocus do it so it says
sniff me there so that actually party
smells of milk it smelled well nice and
then we've also got these bacon trees
which he kind of thought earlier and
she's also got one of these crinkly
little frogs which are awesome
oh it squeaks and it's crinkly so are we
nice to see what she makes of that and
now I head back to the old house to
upload of my video today I was going to
do soon today but and have times it's so
crazy the cooker took like hum did it
take zoom up maybe two and a half hours
to install for the guy to install I'm
gonna show you that to me why not keep
Eddie out of this room so secret prison
sequel presents and um yeah I'm gonna
show you to cook come on it's so nice
here we go I'm gonna test out today oh
yeah it's really nice cream color as
well and it's got so many Hobbs on the
top it's got this cool wok one so I can
be like cooking all wacky stuff like the
sauce pans and we're gonna try that out
later it's gonna be awesome part I'm
only cooking Peter and chips so much win
so I need to go back to the old house I
kind of was saying now so the other
cooker oh yeah I'm not doing a since
video today I'm going to do it tomorrow
instead so two days on a Saturday rather
than just the one cool mod come out to
Delhi which is really awesome and really
fun to stuff in the film side he's going
to do that right now and I'm back
yesterday's daily vlog is uploaded and
live for the world to see the mod
showcase isn't live yet because it's not
time it's only 20 past 7 it's got about
another hour and 10 minutes
so this is what we're gonna do now
before we cook dinner we're gonna build
this or attempt to build this anyway it
is eight chairs I think it's eight
chairs but there's two in each box so
one to four yeah eight chairs and then
the table
apparently that the chairs take an hour
each which I don't really think is true
but we need to build it I'll show you it
when it's finished if we finish it of
course I don't know if we're gonna be
able to do right think I finished one
chair should we do this we do the sit
test live on camera yeah that's
try and put this on the floor it's
actually pretty happy for like a
self-made chair it's pretty heavy as it
level it's looking a level which is good
there's the chair that black bit will go
underneath in a sec but let's do the sit
test it'll be funny if it doesn't work
ah yeah this is a comfy chair man this
is a really comfy chair I just found out
the two of the chairs that we bought are
assembled so I don't have to make them
but now I've got to make five more of
these my hands are gonna hurt again
after today oh dear
guys look at this what kind of dog sits
like this she is proper tuning out look
at the way she's seen guys I managed to
make six chairs look at them they're
beautiful these two right here this one
and this one were already created and I
was going to do the table as well but
there's so much to it I think it's gonna
take another hour and a half so we want
to go get pizza instead and these are
all the boxes beautiful beautiful boxes
and the small boxes out here my goodness
there's so much cardboard so much card
well but look how cool the chairs look I
really like the color of the matchday
they're really nice but they were a pain
in the butt to put together never doing
self-assembly ever again after the table
of course right then now we need to go
and figure out how to use our brands new
cooker / ovens that's whatever you would
like to call it right then this is a
very warm room now by then we've got
I'll cook right here let's work it out
let's get some pizza off the bridge
we've got a lot of cool stuff I want
some of these as well oh my goodness it
looks so good so good but this is it
double cheese and ham so no piece is
complete without Ronnie Ronnie
twinkle chips yeah the Queen which is so
we're gonna figure this out and I'll
meet you back if it is successful oh
yeah
was it done I think that's well done
beautiful it is another wet and windy
evening here in the UK which I guess is
to be expected to be honest so that
beater was so good
it really was then we just chilled out
for the rest of the evening watching TV
it was good to do that we haven't done
that in the new house yet for a long
time since we moved in we haven't
chilled out we've just basically been
unpacking things building things chasing
other things up and organizing other
things so it was good to just chill out
for a bit just why don't block much
today he's been quite busy we spent a
lot of time waiting for deliveries and
waiting for the cooker to be installed
and stuff like that so apologies if this
is quite a short one but tomorrow's a
super exciting day because is that his
birthday tomorrow
yep tomorrow is 25 parts 11 at the
moment yeah it's Ellie's birthday
tomorrow which is super exciting I
cannot wait to show her or to show you
guys is well what we got kind of showed
you that already but we've also got a
birthday party tomorrow with lots of
different pugs
as a party hats food and I kind of
explained it already so it's going to be
awesome that you got that to look
forward to it's going to be amazing and
I think I will leave this vlog here so
thanks so much for watching if you did
enjoy the piece here we've got thumbs up
and I will see you all tomorrow I'm
going to bed I'm tired Wow
