hmm what to have for breakfast I want to
clear all this up actually perfect done
what's up guys I come in when I spoke to
you last but now I'm finally right in my
element I'm finally playing Mario Kart
I'm trying to get all of the trophies
that you can get so I've got what I got
the trophies then you can get the stars
after them and I think there's only two
in the mirrored cup which I haven't got
which are two stars instead of three
stars and to get three stars you need to
be first on every race no seconds I
don't think you're out second so I've
got two in a row at the moment going
into mirrored Rainbow Road is so
difficult I can usually get the three
first then you go into mirrored Rainbow
Road and I just cannot do it so annoying
on the mirrored tracks actually really
hard because I played online so much and
they don't have the mirror tracks online
it's actually really difficult because
I've learned all the tracks it's really
difficult to kind of redo them as fresh
tracks if that makes sense or do them
backwards but I'll date you and see how
it goes
guys look at it look at it look at it
look at it the three stars right there
oh yeah I did it I did it now just need
to check which one I need to do to
finish it off I've got one more
I know the credits skip these skip these
I need to check which one I need to do
next I think it's I didn't even know
it's gone single-player Grand Prix
mirror it is I can't wait for the new
DLCs by the way I current when the link
one is coming out when is the Zelda one
coming out I think it's is it November
if it's November that's going to be
awesome so banana car there it is right
there
my nemesis it's going to be banana Cup I
need to complete this one and make that
three stars can I do it I'll update you
guys I did it I did it I did it I got
three stars and everyone there you have
it Marriott master
or even my ricotta champion American
master the game is like 100% complete
now so I have nothing else to do and
only took me like 20 minutes so what I'm
going to do now is I need to start
making videos I downloaded a load of
mods on my laptop and while I had the
internet so I need to start doing that
right now and I never know if I'm
holding the camera in the right way or
not because it's gonna leave it floating
around in my face so yeah I'm gonna make
some videos now and I'm waiting for what
we waiting for two more deliveries one
of them being another bed because we got
a bed delivered this morning which is
pretty cool and I need to put that
together have another bed that is coming
another match no not another mattress a
dining table that's what's coming so we
can actually hear the table which is
going to be so good and speaking of
eating me to go out get Ellie some
birthday presents and stuff for her
party cuz on Saturday I know how I've
not mentioned this before Saturday which
is in two days three days including say
it's Ellie's first birthday we're having
a birthday party of loads of POD so
that's going to make a sweet vlog lots
of pugs
lots of cake and food and kitten pugs
and stuff so that's gonna be awesome we
need to get some of that and I think
that is I claim my saying now I think
that's pretty much all we're gonna do
what is in there there's new stuff in
here that I didn't know about a lot so
I'm gonna make some videos not to see
you guys later
video is done and I told you today was a
day of deliveries we've just had well
actually this came this morning I'm a
bit of a liar so this came this morning
and I've just started putting it
together oh jeez this is gonna take a
while but it looks like look I kind of
done it already I haven't done it too
bad I just need to put loads of slats in
which is going to take forever all of
these bad boys but I've just got another
delivery which I'm super excited about
which I will show you later
because I need to put that together as
well and then later even more later than
that I've got another delivery coming
which is a bed another beds which you
might have put together and a dining
table which you might have to put
together so I just get my DIY on right
now
so that wasn't too bad I managed to put
that up pretty quickly you should go and
see it guys if you go see it so what I'm
going to do now is something for this
right here so it's too heavy time on the
wall so I'm gonna be always inside this
box I'm gonna leave it as a surprise
until I finished it I think Elly wants
to help me you're gonna help me put this
up yeah I don't think you know how to
use that do you and there we go I think
it looks beautiful I don't know if it's
gonna stay up there by hope so cuz
obviously I can't get a replacement one
welcome back into the car guys I don't
even know if you can see me right now
but it's been a while since I've built a
few things we're going to build another
thing today I'm going to show you the
things that I keep saying things why do
I keep saying things but I'm going to
show you all the stuff that we got
delivered previously I don't think I've
shown you it I'm pretty sure I haven't
shown you but now I need to go to the
old house again so I had to leave my
laptop there because we were running
late so I'll try to leave my laptop
there upload videos and now go and
collect it and some McDonald's oh yeah
here we go
the order is coming in
hi there can I get a plain hamburger I'm
a large fries and a large sprite and can
I also get a large core panda with
cheese milk please
milkshake man I can also get six chicken
nuggets by themselves hot choco please
yeah yeah yeah say thank you nice one
Cheers
so that's so ordered so what is your
choice if my goal is when you get it
guys let me know in the comment section
below I just need to pay for this
Papapa Papapa Papapa
we don't know it's delivery tender
McDonald's go and do it
you know whoops I think everyone's to
accept the delivery come on Eddie let's
go a McDonald's er cheese chicken
nuggets guys if you don't believe me
I'll show you later
ah that's so hard to do with one hand
got it got it
nailed it done let's eat guys this is
what a chicken nugget looks like without
its skin on because Ellie doesn't like
the skin so Ellie you ready for this
chicken nugget are you ready for it it's
gonna go where your bowls now keep
getting moved I think she likes that you
can not get ready put your ball let's
break it up for you shall we Eddie can
you say it good girl let's break this up
there is any all chopped up for you
ready can you give me a high five
good girl go get it she loves the
chicken nuggets and it's all healthy for
it guys so it was unhealthy but it's
only a little bit
she should be okay cuz she loves it Sony
like processed watery chicken so it's
all good
and she absolutely loves it eat up any I
hope she's eaten half of it already
Wow Ellie what are you doing all over
you done this is a balloon that someone
gave us for a new house and it is bit
stolen it destroy I've stolen it any
were you doing with it and he come over
here yeah she's gonna knock something
over the girl just look it up it what
are you doing mouth well she looks so
funny from the bottom haha I see your
chain you're just gonna sit there with
it Sarge you're waiting do not even
chewing it you just like chilling even
mo mmm
that McDonald's was scrubbing well worth
it in his narrow temples 12 which is
crazy I have just built another bed yes
two beds in one day I built this thing
over here as well and what else do we
build and when we moved in we've got
another better sites post so far since
you've moved in about three beds and
I've built an easel absolutely crazy so
tomorrow I've got to build even more
because of our dining room and dining
chairs came today as well which I said I
was going to show you but I'll show you
tomorrow because I also show you the
results of my bed making tomorrow as
well showed you one of them but the
second one is pretty cool but we're
going to sleep in it now so I'll show
you it tomorrow
and speaking of tomorrow I will see you
guys then because I'm
super tired I need to sleep an Editors
vlog as well and I hope that you enjoyed
it that was a vocal things that happened
today so tomorrow I've got some cool
things planned as well I hope you're
going to enjoy them and I hope you
enjoyed this vlog if you did then please
do give it a thumbs up and I will see
you guys tomorrow
good
