morning guys how's it going welcome to
another vlog where today I am currently
just popped up at Milton Keynes because
I need to catch the train to Manchester
because today I'm gonna be on live TV
for the first time because today is book
publication day my book is officially
out today in the UK anyway you guys in
the u.s. have to wait about 20 more days
but in the UK my book is finally out I
am so excited and part of that kind of
publicity bit I'm gonna show called Blue
Peter which many of you may know if you
live in the UK I'm not sure if they're a
US or anywhere else version but um yeah
I'm going on that show today and of
course I'm taking you guys with me
better catch this train so guys I made
it to the Blue Peter Studios in
Manchester it's quite a quite a train
ride well look at this place it's
amazing it's so cool we've got our music
section over here where the Kaiser
Chiefs are playing today which is
awesome the Big Blue Peter badge up
there and I've got my own I don't know
if you saw it check it out
finally got my very own Blue Peter badge
which is incredible but look at this
place it's quite a small room but they
filled so much in it they've got the big
blue P a wall with loads of your artwork
and stuff kind of looks like my one at
home we staged here and most of the
stuff that I'm doing is just behind
decks we're playing a game that's
actually on the tour so if you checked
out live you would have saw an exclusive
run of doom let's play which is awesome
so yeah this is the blue PS video and
when I get home it's really weird it
goes out live which I've never done
before
but Y can do is I can watch when I get
home which is going to be pretty surreal
actually very strange but having lots of
fun and I did some extra stuff their
website had loads of extra stuff which
is really really cool
so yeah I'm here on Blue Peter doing a
live TV how great is that
so today is a fan club Friday which is
part of the reason why I'm here because
you guys wanted me on here which is
insane we've got loads of really cool
stuff people have made and sent in got
there we've got pictures a shoe randomly
Danger Mouse there's so much table clear
sky so awesome I love the little robot
of all the bottle caps on very cool and
this guy made out of a milk car
- milk on Wizard never seen that before
and of course the toy elephant hey buddy
so when we got here I was shot straight
into makeup yes wearing makeup TV today
which is awesome and kind of D shines my
face and just makes it look a bit better
I guess and then we did rehearsals I did
some stuff the website which I mentioned
earlier and then we just went straight
into a full rehearsal of the show but in
about 10 minutes we go live on TV which
is awesome and it to watch the Kaiser
Chiefs play live again over with all
that stuff over there and another thing
for fan club Friday is they wanted the
crew to all dressed up so everyone's in
Pirates
the guys are in dresses and wigs it's
insane he was so much fun guys we did it
we did the live show how did it go guys
how did it go you guys think it was
amazing in today's show what do you
think Barney only eight marshmallowy
flapjack I did a steak cake yeah job is
cheeky cake
pretty much thank you yeah it went
really really well
these guys are awesome you guys play
some of video games from the tour which
was really great you won
Sam won which was great and the only
here it's going to ask me some questions
afterwards because you are fortunate
Gordon knew how to prepared and
everything but the show went amazing and
thank you guys well thank everyone come
on sorry would you thank so fast-forward
three hours and I am back in Milton
Keynes going to get my car so I can
drive home today has been pretty surreal
hopefully you can hear me cuz there's a
bit of wind right now but I'm yeah today
has been absolutely surreal it was like
straight in straight into three
rehearsals straight into live show and
then go home I guess it was pretty crazy
but I just want to thank you guys for
supporting me I've been reading all your
tweets and stuff over the show and over
the book released today and it's been
phenomenal thank you guys so much if it
wasn't for you I wouldn't be able to do
anything like this so I'm gonna do now
is head home and hopefully I'll see you
guys there because I want to rewatch
what I've seen because I haven't seen it
from a viewers perspective I haven't
seen it from my perspective so it's
going to be fun to watch and it's bonus
content out there too which I didn't
quite get to film
which are going to show you see you
today so um yeah not gonna lie to you
guys but um it's actually the day after
I did my live TV thing and I got in
after my train I let you crash down
firstly because it was so so tiring
yesterday able to travel and everything
but um yeah
now I'm gonna watch my arm blue peter
live TV debut and i'm also going to show
you an extra thing that you guys i think
only in the UK can watch i might be
wrong but i'll leave all the links in
description below let's check it out we
got fans looking super starred on TV and
Oh think of it Ellie
let's go coming back okay so you can use
these little mats to run and the way you
do that is anyone left right like this
so if you just stomp on them very poppy
there you go probably do my favorite
videogame characters is so that's a
couple really really short clips from
the show obviously I can't show you the
whole thing cause I'm copyright and
stuff but it was so much fun it came out
a lot better live after watching it then
it felt when I did I felt like I
stuttered loads and in talked about
enough but it turned out all right
it really did I'm so pleased and as a
little bonus thing they recorded this
which is where I play some vintage games
I'm going to show you a few clips now
so yeah lots of really cool vintage
games including like a pinball like a
really old-school pinball from like the
1920s which is incredible that's almost
100 years old
also a flipping game with some cones
which is very cool as well as I showed
you in the clip just now but I'm overall
the whole experience was awesome and
again I will leave links to both the
show repeat and also the extra online
thing in at the description below I'm
not a hundred percent sure people
outside the UK will be able to watch it
but I'll send you there anyway and
hopefully you can she has pretty much
gonna wrap up today's video it was quite
a whirlwind of a day as I've already
said it was pretty crazy that to be on
live TV and I enjoyed every second it
was so much fun so on Blue Peter thank
you so much for having me on your show
it was tons of fun and I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog if you did thumbs up
would be great and I will see you guys
over the weekend because I have my first
ever book tour signing and then I've got
my actual tour back in Manchester so I'm
back home today back in Manchester
tomorrow so ah yeah thank you so much
for watching I'll see you later
