good morning is gamma T oh yeah gamma T
as always and today it's probably a
little bit more of an interesting day
the last time
le what are you doing yeah just feel so
weird look at this this is like sitting
by the front door
you know it doesn't have before that's a
little bit weird but anyway today's a
pretty interesting day we've got a lot
of people come around yet again which is
gonna be crazy
or we've got one delivery which should
be more interesting than the others
which is a brand new TV so the TV you've
been seeing in the vlogs will be going
elsewhere for now and a new one will be
put on the wall which I'm super excited
about cuz I'm gonna hook my xbox up to
it straight away and play me some games
and I'll show you that later partners
should be awesome
apart from that we've got some other
people come around to clean some
guttering and stuff we'll just do
general maintenance on the house and
yesterday we went to the house and
pretty much cleaned the whole thing so I
only need to go back to the house now to
upload videos which is also means you
completely disconnected ourself from the
old house which is beautiful so apart
from that I need to make more than the
video which is double dimensions which
I'm looking forward to because the new
dimensions pack I really really love
even though that some bad things
happened in the last episode which I'm
not happy about and today guys I've got
up at 7 a.m. if you follow me on Twitter
you wouldn't know you're dying I got
I've got up at 7 a.m. it's crazy
so I'm delivery times and making me fix
my body clock which is probably a good
things there's only five past 8:00 at
the moment but it seems to be a pretty
good thing and I'm pretty hungry now
actually I just smelled we've got this
candle right here and it's cold let me
just show you it's called vanilla
cupcake and it actually smells exactly
like ever know
it's making me hungry so I'm gonna eat
what's going on guys it's been a while
actually it's now let me just check the
time it is 26 past 4:00 and we've done
quite a few things today a comic when I
blog last it might have been really
early about 8 o'clock maybe more
probably I was blogging some kind of
food but a lot has happened today Vaughn
guttering people down which worked out
ok for now anyway and then we had people
deliver this bad boy this is while
talking about earlier check it out it's
our new TV which was supposed to be up
there but they decided that it was too
heavy to go on the wall so they haven't
done it yet so we're just gonna do
ourselves I think or get someone we know
to do it because we went on the wall it
makes no sense being down there so this
is the old one right there which is
gonna go next to my office we have like
a gaming room then this is the new one
right here I'm loving it so far right
now we're watching a little bit of Harry
Potter Harry Potter
definitely Hallows Part 1 always very
difficult to say but that's what
watching right now and I can't wait to
try out some games on it we have no
internet so I can't even try out Mario
Cart what yeah what's that about what is
that about but I really want to try that
out on here it's gonna look amazing and
I think we're gonna watch a 3d film
later as well let's try out the 3d on it
cuz we got 3d on the old one but this TV
is bigger so I think it might look even
more awesome in 3d and we've got a few
films to watch we've got frozen which is
still in the wrapper we bought it months
ago like I'm talking a lot of months ago
a lego movie
I imagine towards lego movie because
I've heard really good things about both
and lego movie is supposed to be really
really good as well so we'll think about
that I have a pug laying on me right now
otherwise I would be moving look how
cute she is
oh she's properly sleeping so I've got
actually odd house to upload some videos
the Xbox thing which you've already seen
and our dimensions which again I am
loving playing at the moment so what
else am I gonna do today I'm not really
sure we need to get some food we have no
food in the house if you've been keeping
up with my fridge portion of the vlogs
you will know that so I probably have to
get some food soon and I'll update you
later on
how you're doing early
are you doing huh guys this fly Dead or
Alive
it's definitely alive but I don't know
what it's doing
oh is it oh this is doing work on it oh
there we go
oh no this flight is gonna annoy me for
ages now I don't think it's got much of
its life left one of his legs is all
been yes should we see if we can save it
wow I don't think it's got much left in
him
yes I'm not picking it up you doing what
up with the camera and you do it
alright I don't know I fingered in but
it's gonna die you both obviously died
in anyway nice back when its back good
job we got it ah it's very difficult to
catch this flight is broken it gives
land on his back city fly oh I was happy
huh it passed like between my fingers
are so weird when you go home you got it
I fly yes save the flies I think so
anyway let's just say we saved it guys
we're going into the loft let me show
you the lot I've did in a really weird
way no I can't do it can you hold the
camera I can't do it watch this I lied
out of nowhere
look let's turn his lights on
welcome to the loft everyone there's
stuff up here already I kind of you can
see where I've just kind of pushed it
and not going into the loft I cheated a
little bit
is he quite beat got it I've done it
yeah it's gonna be quite difficult to
get out whoo it is another what is
turned into another really rainy day
check this out look at that we can't
really see it there we go another gloomy
day we just got in from taking any for a
walk on a new routes we actually got
really lost because when we live is now
like a proper labyrinth and now I've got
to do is put some videos onto my hard
drive which I'm doing right now got some
good ones going up today hopefully you
enjoyed them yesterday because this is a
day behind as I've explained many times
before but now it's time to upload some
videos ah did you like that did you like
that I would have you better than the
boring old sitting in the car talking to
you good girl any could go outside it in
the rain cuz any needs to go for a
toilet but I'm all we're gonna do now is
order some pizza cuz we have no food and
then that we are going to watch a film
so let you know what I think of the film
depending on which one we watch I have
no idea what its gonna be I need to get
inside the lights turned out and I'm
cold and wet yeah guys it's finally on
the wall we've got some family friends
to help us out and they could put it on
the walls so the people that said they
couldn't weren't lying and we just
watched a film we ended up watching
frozen which was so good we haven't
watched it since we bought it like I
said earlier like months and months ago
and it's been
for a long time now and we finally
watched it and absolutely loved it it
was so good I want to re-watch it again
in 3d because we've got the 3d version
as well and it was just so good Oh
laughs is the best snowman in the world
he really is so yeah it was really
really good I don't remember what else
to say about it was just an awesome
awesome film I definitely recommend if
young watched already it's not all hype
you know it's a good film it's a good
film I promise you so uh what are we
going to do now it is
oh man it's five past eleven I didn't
notice that late I need to edit this
book so I'm probably gonna have to end
it here I'm not sure how much I film
today I think I said that every time but
it's it's raining still look at this I
don't know if you can see that but look
how wet it is outside oh my goodness
we've had like three or four days
straight of rain which is crazy but I
guess we would do it we hung a drain for
a long time so I'm gonna end today's
world kidding from co-op Pete's in the
background because we still don't have
an oven until Friday new stuff coming
tomorrow it should be awesome
I think Ali wants to say good night
she's barking and stuff up looks like
she's just like falling out the sky and
just landed Oh Oh Ellie are you mad
because you slept through the whole film
I think she is she's mad she slept
through the whole film of frozen so I'm
gonna say good night now I'm have a
great evening because this probably goes
up about house six so brave men and I
will see you all next time and also if
you did enjoy them please people big fat
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow
