good morning guys how's it going I've
got a treat for you today I did my hair
for the first time in like three days
resourcing but that's because I've been
recording a very special video which you
will see about the same time that this
vlog goes up on the main channel and
I've just been kind of saying up it's
due of Xbox it's really cool you can see
how messy my office is already but it's
looking pretty good I can't wait to get
my prop off it's all ready to go so it's
going to be so much stuff that is just
looking awesome right and we also got a
couple of new things coming today well a
lot of new things coming today one of
those being a mattress which you've
already got another one being this rug
right here which is so confident me just
laying it oh my god it's so nice it's so
nice and then Wells do we have a
mattress a thing for our TV which is
coming tomorrow our TV is coming to our
brackets coming today and I also need to
go to the old house because I need to do
some gardening I know that sounds weird
but I need to fix the garden because
we're giving it back to the people we're
renting off and the gardens a mess I'm
also getting the old carpets cleaned
because Ellie is really good at getting
carpets dirty so I'll probably see you
next I'm not really sure when probably
when I get back to the old house cuz I'm
gonna have a shop my gardening skills
cuz I'm just going to have to come out
to now I'm hungry now and also what I'm
gonna make again a tea so I'll see you
guys later
bye guys I'm back at the old house
getting ready to upload some videos and
I just wanted to show you what I need to
tackle when I'm here because we're not
done as we just done and this is what we
need to tackle if you can see it there
we go look I've got weeds everywhere
we've got the middle bit of the garden
to sort out it shouldn't take me too
long I'm just going to use massive like
scissor things which are right here
these bad boys just going to use those
and just chop up everything put up
everything and then leave I think that's
the best option to be honest so I should
really sit down and upload these videos
now
it means I might be able to get day
ahead which is gonna help how loads but
I don't know if this is gonna happen
it's been a horrible since on I spoke to
you guys that's because it's been a
crazy busy crazy stressful day and I've
only just sat down to record today's
video or yesterday's video for you guys
I me just closed a door I'm gonna record
a mod that I found while I was browsing
the web but I had it in the old house
it's primitive mobs and it was one of my
favourite mods when I first started out
doing a Minecraft YouTube so I'm going
to revisit it because it's just been
updated 1.7.10 which is obviously the
latest version of Minecraft and it's
super cool like it's it's really good
he's updated it I'm just going to load
it up now and it's just so good but it's
a really well made mod it's just got
moment going free so I'm gonna record
that these have some kind of dinner
today I don't even know what's in the
fridge you'll probably remember if
you've already watched yesterday in this
video you'll be able to see what is left
in our fridge I think there's only one
meal which is bad but tomorrow's an
exciting day but a few things going down
I think I said about the TV which is
coming to my which I'm really excited
about and I'll show you that but I need
to get recording whoa guys gotta go guys
guys it is divet our own ice age in a
time but it's like five parts 10 p.m.
and Huff these lights on on there you go
that's better so we had a busy busy day
today which is why I'm vlog much because
it wasn't that interesting we've done a
lot of waiting around for people of
video making I've got my videos up
finally which is awesome
and I got one done potentially for
tomorrow as well which is even better
because then I can get a day ahead that
will be sweet so it's a time of the day
again where we have to look in the
fridge
check us out by the way that is a fridge
magnet and that is a pretty awesome
fridge magnet but obviously it doesn't
mean me right I hope not anyway but oh
no oh no what is this it's another curry
and a chicken as I know that's all we've
got left to eat right now so that's what
its gonna have to be our cooker I think
I've mentioned it already isn't coming
until Friday so we're gonna leave
microwaves again and not eat microwave
you know what I mean um I think I might
because this grill no this is microwave
that I bought is actually a grill as
well so if I get peckish later I might
add you make cheese on toast which
sounds really good right now actually I
might have it instead let me read my
mind up guys Eddie has the weirdest
fears look she she's barking at my
guitar what is it
hahaha so I'll June you really don't
like it so after that escapade we are
going to brush at least teeth because
they just needed brushing right now
cause need to use this in all Inga
toothbrush and she should brush her
teeth no no no you need to you need to
bite it just licking the toothpaste off
she loves I'm netting first here we go
good girl please good all over about are
you going
she loved it so much you can do it so
once you gets full the toothpaste out
there we go look she's blushing already
deep yay anybody
let's just love the toothpaste and she
looks like you
good in there going any push them to
ease just just shove it in
well there's any to face but hey push
your chin there so it's a see there we
go look she can do it ourselves
yeah get in backwards
Oh guys these are my weakness M&Ms
oh man I've even way too many I always
open a bag ah ah
no darn oh I dropped them anyway these
are my weakness because always I'm
always like I really fancy some
chocolate right now and then I'm like
heart with some M&Ms then I eat about
half the batting and afterwards I'm like
oh that that felt pretty good about 10
minutes later understood like I am right
now
groggy I got a chocolate hangover almost
so I'm today's blog it is which is 20 to
12 so it's still today's blog has been
pretty uneventful because it's been
quite a stressful day again and I don't
know how much I'm flogged so apologies
if this one it's kind of short I promise
you things will get more interesting
tomorrow is actually a really cool day
so I guess yeah it's going to be any
more interesting day anyway so thank you
so much for watching colleges where I
can't speak because I'm quite tired I'm
going to go to bed now gems already
asleep
so I have to wake up and see if you
wants to go to bed I'm guessing the
answer is yes so I will see you guys
later
thank you so much watching if you did
enjoy and please to be a big fat thumbs
up that would be awesome and I will see
you all tomorrow
why
