oh my god it is about what is before 9
a.m.
how you doin by the way it's gonna be
another really busy day today it's part
two of our our moving day so what's
gonna happen today is we're waiting for
a move business should be here in about
ten minutes hopefully anyway and also no
that's all the way to go actually we've
got we've got everything ready we taking
everything to the tip everything is
cleared out and ready to go and we just
want to take all of our furniture to the
new house it's gonna be awesome because
we're going to spending our first night
in the new house tonight it's gonna be
super exciting any state over happy the
dogs is yesterday which you would have
seen if you saw that yesterday's vlog
and I can always get her in the new
house and recorder just like going
around the whole thing is gonna be so
hilarious so we're gonna wait for
removers and it's gonna be another crazy
busy day our old house is empty
oh my goodness it it takes too long to
pack up look living room completely
empty now some of you would have seen
this in the house store so you wouldn't
know what it looks like with furniture
but not without so I guess we just get
some a new house because we need to do
it
yeah let's go welcome guys to the new
house today is really more exciting than
yesterday isn't it good new home that's
cool you join yourself yeah yeah
today it's probably more exciting than
yesterday to be honest because we're
actually gonna spend well there while
I'm here I guess I can say spend the
night here but we're gonna spend lots of
lots and lots of lights here which is
gonna be sweet
and I'm super excited you excited yeah I
only took this like well I took the
removers about an hour and a half to
move out the stuff that we've got which
is also meant to be honest with buying
mostly new stuff anyway we've got a huge
room here well I say huge room I mean a
room full of boxes behind me which we
need to unpack a later which is going to
be super fun and unpacking is definitely
better than packing
and got lots of new stuff coming next
week for the house because stuff takes
ages to get delivered I've seen Ellie's
toy box look at his toy box didn't
accord it looks so tiny in this room but
I cannot wait just show you guys I said
earlier we can always show you guys
Ellie I'm running around this for the
first time it's gonna be awesome so
we're gonna wade through movies I think
they're gonna get like lunch or
something and part of it which we did I
could show you guys but it's massive so
it's gonna wait for movies and we'll
probably leave that vlogging when
they're gone when everything's back in
here so we'll see you guys later
welcome to the Geary shall we completely
blew out so aquion yards and if you
could hit that that's crazy so we're
completely moved in now now we need to
unpack all of our boxes but first I need
to thread a flood hello I go I've read
the plug through ready through so this
is a like a hole so you can have the TV
plugged in through this and there's no
cables or anything here it comes
I got it yeah so basically that is the
living room and this is the carriage so
how weird is that
is that much cable
success that's awesome so I'm gonna get
back in and we'll put Elia and I'll
probably have food as well so yum yum by
the way I do look a mess today it
happens in my hair or anything we walk
like seven mile just because we were up
until like maybe two am packing still so
just wanted to add that in there Eddie's
first reaction to the new house was
going on go we go Eddie's first reaction
to the new house very timid where's
Eddie this is really unsure
so you're gonna follow the food instead
yeah
I'm sure she'll come out of a show later
we're gonna show the garden for the
first time
Eddie Eddie Eddie you could see
everything that Eddie come here coming
out coming to the garden
Hey look uh she's going mad oh this is
perfect this is so good
Ellie look come over here oh she loves
it
yeah oh my god that was so funny
Annie are you ready are you ready Scott
mmm-hmm any we're gonna go upstairs see
if he wanted to go upstairs for so long
there we go she's already going she's
already going here she goes she's over
into the darkness where's she going I
don't know where no eyes twitches anyway
you go in she's going on her way into
here we it's your win so guys we are
finally in our new house and gonna spend
the first night here it's gonna be
awesome and his reaction was pretty
funny I wasn't gonna go nuts
move your bits be scared at first but
that's because it was dark you come back
downstairs now
yeah there she goes are you ready
new house new house sighs I hurt myself
today
Oh what did you do tell people I put my
hand through a glass object which was a
bit stupid and I haven't seen what it
looks like yeah and and you also really
want
I nearly um dropped you all on the floor
no yeah no you need he passed out
I knew your past I'm not very good with
blood okay this channel is not about
revealing my deepest darkest secrets
okay that's exactly what it's about it's
no no found a toy basket I'm gonna take
this off now
oh really you might need a new pastor on
that I've got a little kiss mark on it
you want to go to any pastor post Oh
real nice so we're happy now it's been a
long long day hasn't it yeah and Eddie's
like super hyper now we just want to go
to bed when you're really happy I can
tell okay you're just trying to hide the
fact that you already happy almost not
quite so what is she doing
it's gonna be really good when we get
all of our like proper so gorgeous on
sofas we should come in like two weeks
but TV coming in a few days there should
be awesome fans but we take it we're
gonna need to get a dining table and and
something else a full oven
I know oh yeah cuz you can't cook any
food or microwave and okay so what the
toaster and those that's a lot of stuff
oh yeah only hello she loves it
try to be a good time at daycare as well
yes you did early
do you like your new house do you like
your new house let me think about you
guys say goodnight to your viewers good
night guys have a good sleep good night
good night so I am going to end out
today's vlog here I'm not sure how much
footage I got because we were busy
moving but I think I got decent amount
for you to watch and I hope you're going
to enjoy the new vlogs that are coming
from the brand new house so tomorrow we
do doing some more unpacking and stuff
we've got a couple things to take from
the old house to the new house and yeah
with so tied is literally only like half
past 9:00 in the evening and we are so
tired right now so we're gonna get to
bed and I hope you enjoyed this vlog if
you did then please leave a big fat
thumbs up for the new house and we will
see you in the next video
