what everyone so today we are up quite
early for us anyway up and ready and we
need to take this little one to the vets
she has no idea no idea whatsoever but
it's not too bad it's just a follow-up
for her teeth operation that she had the
other day just shake everything's okay
which is good because we can't really
look at her mouth - well because she
doesn't want us to which is
understandable to be honest so please go
there and this morning was pretty
hilarious we got up and we all like
chimed on the tap and it didn't work so
that was quite annoying I went turn on
all the taps none of them worked which
was pretty annoying so the only water we
had was in our kettle so what did I do
I used it for a tea and I think that was
well spent
the only water in the house which was
spent on two teas which I think was
pretty good so we're all set up now I'm
apparently like a burst water pipe or
something in our town which is pretty
crazy but it seems to be all sorted now
but I thought that's pretty funny he's
our last speck of water for tea which
which woke us up and made us feel good
so that's alright so I guess we should
go to the vets now are you ready to go
out in a sec No
what's up guys we're currently in town
and LEC for flying they're if I'm
in the flat five seconds but now oh you
found them we're looking for Yankee
Candles in foods because Jem has an
obsession of Yankee Candles they only
have like six or maybe seven I have
quite a few
whose minute
the air smells good no I'm joking she
had tons of these I'll show you them
when we've moved because you have
absolutely loads you have loads no check
these up they look like I thought there
were chocolates for a sec I like em
they're not spread at bunch so I put on
the bass yeah if there were actual Ducks
like rubber ducks
they'll be amazing probably gratifying
hanky candles yeah I didn't believe you
but turns out they did so I don't know
what else we're doing today probably
more packing I do five videos today
which is a lot but it should be okay
should be okay because we're moving
tomorrow which I'm super excited about
I'm going home now to see Ellie because
we kind of like dropped her off and just
left her there so let's go I want to
show you what Ellie is like when we come
back after leaving her for like an hour
or two I just want to show is really
funny Eddie honey where are you where is
she huh she's been waiting for us how
you doing
yeah who's she who's pretending to not
be excited are you doing are you doing
no I don't think so
oh so cute don't give yet I want o going
in
look how happy she is hahaha
oh my goodness Jimmy stood up them yeah
what a silly puppy now I need to show
you some things that we bought because
there's well let's have a look we've got
lots of stuff from where do we go great
sword on mrs. John Miller's so this I
she put it in a bag it's a it's an
eclair ah ah it's gonna be all stuck to
the bag I care about my careers okay and
a lots of goodies near the gingerbread
man in here look are smiling and happy
is what else we got the book my love for
cheese and pickle sandwich what's in
here a doughnut oh yeah this is why you
shouldn't go food shopping when you're
hungry cuz I'm eating here today um
what's this softball with you get to Wow
and saw forward cheese so good let's eat
woof it is what's the time now let me
check it's half-past one and I haven't
even started making videos yet that's so
annoying because I've been trying to set
up or sort out something with a TV
because we get a new TV for the new
place and I ordered one is ready to go
we're supposed to be here in two weeks
or there in two weeks and I got an email
about two hours ago maybe soon they just
cancelled it but for no reason and I
rang them up and say why did you cancel
it
they're like we just canceled it Elsa
okay so I went and bought one from
another place and it's coming a quicker
and it's cheaper so I can't wait for
that but it took me about two hours to
sort out so I'm making a tea as you can
probably hear from the kettle I don't
even
obey me speaking right now and then
we're doing more packing but I need to
get these videos done I've rendered one
which I'm I finished yesterday which was
the sims for Friday so that's a cool one
as well it's about 40 minutes long as
well I don't know what I think a lot of
stuff happened but I to make this tea as
always I seem to say that in every vlog
that I'm just making a tea but it's true
I make all the time my waters back Bo
and it's all good
and apparently as well one of the
schools around here closed because of
the the water pipe breaking which is
nuts I mean that must be pretty cool for
them just having a random day off school
because of a water pipe but I need to
make these videos and I'll probably see
you all later in the day so guys
remember that pot that appeared in like
the first vlog ever well check it out le
just steaming it up and everything the
love affair continues with the pot but
wait there's two she's got a second one
as well and look she's right fill me
fill me please I hope you can hear on
his camera sounds so funny I can't even
keep track of her because she's just
going for it haha
well guys it is absolute chaos in here
it is half past 11:00 p.m. and look at
this place and if you can see it behind
me look at it look it look at it it's
crazy we've got boxes down here I'm just
sorting out the food because we're
moving tomorrow and well it's almost
even today it's like half 11:00 so it
could be today now I haven't forgotten
about something I ate you know I showed
you that food from earlier I ate my
donut micronet straight away and I was
like mmm it was good and now I've got a
gingerbread man so I'm going to open it
up and wait what's going on here why is
it happened this is not what he looked
like before what is going on I don't
know if you can see that let me let me
show you what's happened what is going
on this gingerbread man has no head and
no no feet those are the chocolaty parts
I think I know who this was the meat
that we're going to find out just go
through here and see what's going on she
pack at the moment but jam so I just
tried to eat my gingerbread man and I'm
garnishing with him what did you do to
him everybody it was le it was inside a
wrapped bag I was looking forward to it
she ate you guys she ate it and I'm very
upset so I'm gonna enjoy the rest of
this gingerbread man if it tastes okay I
mean it's been in that bag for ages but
you're taking the best bit that's so
unfair so I'm gonna end up this look
here I hope that you enjoyed it I'm not
really sure why I recorded today but
hopefully it's good enough for video
whew and I will see you all tomorrow why
