you must go in the action in I think I
achieve a better yeah definitely what
you see that you prefer
shared by my head upward to try and
attack me
oh gosh okay is ready get into it that
does it that does it I'm gonna drop you
you chew a nose this is why I have to
part with not crazy
dah
it's just like stitch from Lilo & Stitch
hey stitch are you doing hello how's it
going but I don't know why I put your
box but anyway how are you guys doing
today has been an extremely boring day
for vlogging so I've got an idea or
something that I'm going to do that's
really cool but first I need to go in
this room but I've just forgotten why I
need to enter this room but anyway today
has been pretty boring for vlogging tons
has been productive though because I
need to get Friday Saturday and Sunday
done for videos so that we can move and
it is now three minutes past 6:00 in the
evening not the morning I was up quite
early this morning and still didn't vlog
then because I was just like yeah and
stuff so wasn't supposed to be doing
I forgot I remember now I was supposed
to go to the kitchen I wasn't even
supposed to go upstairs some reason but
I did so let's go into the kitchen
because it's dinnertime
I'm hungry and that's well that's the
only reason why it's dinnertime right
because y'all ready so let's see what we
got today
hello fridge how you doing we have got
these today and oh man I'm showing you
another another curry this looks so bad
which I we eat curry all the time this
one's mine this one's James how long is
this gonna take cause you see these
things going to take too long so what
would that say um it says four minutes
in a microwave or 25 minutes in the oven
I think that means we're going to be
doing in microwave because I'm starving
and I'll get to this cool idea in a sec
ah that was a scrubby scrubby that's a
good word I haven't used that word
before so my cool idea for today is to
Google myself I've seen loads people do
it already they're really funny so I
thought I'd go ahead and do it I don't
probably clear up some questions and
answers and be like a little Q&A as well
so let's let's start it then guys first
one does Dan TDM have a child have a
server swear have a girlfriend well let
me just address these first off this is
how a Google myself works you pretty
much just like starve a questioner than
half do it with your name in it and then
if it comes up with the suggestions
that's what you guys have been searching
the most so yeah let's do the first one
that seems to be the most search thing
does dantdm have a child no well
technically yes I have a pug there's
pretty much a child just wrapped in fur
really the second one does dantdm ever
southern no I don't have a server
currently does dantdm swear um no that's
cool
does dantdm have a girlfriend I've been
seeing lots of comments on these vlogs
about this I don't have a girlfriend I
have a wife I am married and she will be
appearing in vlogs every now and then
she won't be like directly in them but
she's in my life so you will be seeing
her so now I'm gonna try the same thing
but with the Diamonds mine cart does the
dynamite guy have a wife where does the
dynamite guy live how does die maker get
grim what does the don't mind got used
to record again let's go through these
in order the first one does the minecart
wife yes we've already done that where
does the time minecart live you will
never
how does the don't mind can't get
grimmer world's a big story behind that
and you can check out the video that's
in the description below about how
grandma came to life and then kind of
died and then came back to life again
it's a weird story but um you should
definitely go check it out and what does
the time like I used to record I use for
my videos to capture my screen I use
dxtory I use audacity also so that's -
so dick story or - teacher record my
voice I use a canon 600d to record my
face cam and I want to use Sony Vegas
Pro to edit as well so those my main
things and this right here this brand
new addition to the family is a canon
s120 okay next one where does Dan TDM
live live in real life or get my mods so
I live oh sorry that guy just kind of
went all blurry and we don't know what
happened then hopefully you got the end
of that question um where does Dan Tien
get his mods the Internet is a perfect
example I search minecraft forums planet
minecraft I'm scared as is really cool
as well but mainly it's minecraft forums
those are the best places to find new
and upcoming modders and just really
cool mods as well and I've just noticed
check this out
while it focuses look nerd test calm how
much do you know about dantdm let's do
that I want to do that right now so
let's click on this sorry I'm not screen
capping this by the way right then who
was the villager who was fired by dantdm
in the mutant bug mod do you know this
one guys if you don't I'll be upset
is it Denton Bob David or Hitler it's
definitely not Hitler
it was Denton are ya so how many I
didn't see games has he played Oliver um
I'm gonna say 12
I'm not hundred percent showing that
that depends on when this quiz was made
who is the villager or Wiz Davila gin
the Carboniferous mod it is doctor tre
auras which no one ever knows how to
spell no it's not Hitler why is every
article Hitler imagine if I named a
villager SAS DDG HVT see that'd be
terrible and what was the name of the
chicken McDuck did I select last when I
did I don't know how many
on this one what type of pet does he
have I have a dog
how many quakecraft games did he play I
think at the time it was two I
definitely haven't played six how many
diamond dungeons video has he done right
now ah that's a tough one
I'm gonna say 73 I'm gonna do that does
he play gmod yeah yeah of course I do I
haven't played in a while actually does
he play hot potato yes do i do mods yes
did he do the Transfiguration mod oh yes
I think I'm gonna do well on this quiz
is it done yes submit let's see how it
goes here we go it's loading up my
answers and my test results it's what I
already got 82% what is wrong with me
I am dantdm and I got them wrong how
many did I get wrong to say Oh probably
about 82% that's so annoying I need to
be more of those that's pretty fun I
might do someone my main channel because
that was really cool so um I think I'm
gonna go back downstairs I got a few
things to do I need to edit this vlog
when I've like captured everything I
need to upload it today in style and
dimensions because I haven't done it yet
which was yesterday's and it's a crazy
one I was pretty upset I always cried
editing it real life and um yeah I will
see you guys in a bit hey guys how weird
was that by the way I'm gonna end up
today's vlog here um it was a bit random
today but hey you've got some footage
out of it anyway because I didn't really
have too much of an interesting day
today I did a lot of videos a lot of
packing and that's pretty much it the
next few days would be a lot more
interesting I hope you enjoyed the
challenge anyway if you did and a big
fat thumbs up would be beautiful if you
did enjoy of course and also subscribe
for daily vlogs as well so it's goodbye
from me goodbye from Ellie and we will
see you all tomorrow
