sup guys down here welcome to my very
messy office actually so it is currently
20 past 1:00 in the afternoon and I've
been pretty productive today already
because I kind of got it all prepared
yesterday so yeah behind me there's a
lot of stuff a lot of stuff and that is
because we are moving soon actually in a
week today we are moving which is crazy
so the only thing that's really packed
up is or not packed up is my computer so
that's not packed up and that's gonna be
the last thing we get to packed up as
well the games consoles because we need
to game until we move and right now I am
editing and let me just show you I'm
editing at the Sims I've just finished
editing it actually so that's gonna be
out after you would have seen that
already so this one is really cool I
love The Sims it's actually a really
cool series to film also got myself some
some brain food right here got some
scones and a nice beautiful tea behind
me is this the car amazing that is the
nice Lego thing you should have seen on
the channel the other day as well and um
yeah that's that's pretty much what I'm
doing so far Noorie doing much else what
are you do now is another mod and I
think I'm going to do this one right
here it's called clothing craft and it
looks kind of cool it's got like on
loads of outfits upon you can make 226
different outfits Wow
so Friday's usually do Sims in a mini
mod it looks pretty cool actually so I'm
going to do it and it should be fun as
well to go dressed up and stuff so I'm
going to do that now and I'll update
with a really cool package that I got in
the mail today a lot a few packages and
it's really awesome so stay tuned it's
gonna be cool mmm so good well I'm
completely done now for today I've done
thumbnails I've done rendering I just
need to compress today's mojo case and
then I completely done you'd have seen
it already but hopefully you enjoyed it
it's quite a fun one actually turned out
to be more complex with more than I
thought but now I'm going to show you
that really cool package so let's do
that now I've got the packages so let me
just walk into my office and forgive the
mess it's very messy in here because as
I mentioned we
are moving so here it is it's a whole
ton of Skylanders a trap team stuff so
if you don't know the Skylanders is then
it is probably not too interesting for
you miss a brand new game and I don't
think it's out yet but um a nice Lydia
Activision sent me all this stuff so
we've got I'm the starter kit it's kind
of like Disney infinity mixed with um
Pokemon mixed with a lot of other stuff
but um you'll be able to see more about
it soon so this is Skylanders trap team
this is the star pack of for Xbox one
and I've also got a second one for Xbox
360 and that is because that is for
someone else and I got those two
yesterday and today another package came
in the mail and I was like what two
packages two more packages so I had
loads of packages all over the place and
um yeah two more came in and I had no
idea what they were but it turns out it
was these literally the whole wave one
of all the little figures and stuff
check it out we've got all my traps
we've got guys we've got so much stuff
and in this box as well it's absolutely
not so could these cute little guys look
I think these are traps we'll check them
out Bob and terabyte terabyte looks
amazing because I how cool that is so
what I do now is I have done all my
videos um for today and what I've got is
an idea for tomorrow as well Saturday is
time for Traverse kicks we haven't had
one in a while and I'm gonna bust out
this bad boy right here give it a go and
let you know what I think of it let's
play some games so I haven't been able
to play Skylanders yet of why because of
this pug come in any come come here here
she is she's finally here so um Ellie is
quite poorly at the moment so yesterday
she had an operation to take some of her
baby teeth out because they didn't they
didn't come out by themselves today John
look at the camera there we go
so Flo drew they don't know this is
Ellie this is our pug she's super cute
and super super Terrorizer of the
household so Ellie can you can you hurry
up them to have the toilet please I want
to go in place Skylanders
No okay you're gonna eat grass instead
Wow
here's the interesting thing about that
um this is actually astroturf and she
just pulled that out the ground this is
plastic you're not supposed to do that
Eddie what's this
does that come sorry and sorry I didn't
mean it okay I think she's ready to play
now are you ready no yeah I think she's
ready so let's crack this open I kind of
already have so check this out we've got
like the starter kit my xbox is ready to
go not playing Minecraft today Xbox not
today I'm sorry so we got all this I'm
gonna pop this in and get it going oh it
was so much of an install to go over
check this out
Ellie Ellie what are you doing what are
you eating are you eating a cheesecake
she's eating a lemon cheesecake no I
hate these things but Jim and Ellie
loved them check this out she's go for
it I've never seen a pug have so much
fun with a cheesecake tub look
I think guys I am kind of halfway
through playing the first kind of par
Skylanders I'm really liking it so far I
haven't played Skylanders before but on
the Xbox one it looks so good so I just
wanted to show you what I'm going to do
right now I'm gonna trap a villain and
then you can play with them it's so cool
but check this out here we go so we've
got the villain captured right here and
I need to take this this thing right
here and place it in here and just just
watch and see what happens there we go
see what I mean about the graphics
they're so crisp and so clear but you'll
see more about this on my main channel
but I'm gonna play through Skylanders
it's so good and then it gets trapped
inside there and the voices come out and
everything
how cool is that so I'm gonna play some
more of this because it's super fun and
I'll probably see you guys later
right then punks it is now 9:00 at 23:00
I am done for everything
so now it's gonna chill out with some
tea which is freshly made by me of
course and I also want to check the
fridge for some goodies so let me see if
it's in here my phone is in the fridge
right now it's never been in there
before I need to eat these by yesterday
I'm sure that we find by now can we find
anyway so umm yeah I want to eat these
or at least one of them anyway because
I've already in one of them so that's
gonna hand out today's vlog because I'm
sleepy I need to edit this vlog and hope
you enjoyed the first vlog on the
channel if you did a thumbs up would be
awesome and I will see you guys all soon
