well the guy is down here and welcome to
a second channel this is a little bit
weird for me I never wanted to make a
second channel because I put literally
everything on my first channel but this
is going to be a vlogging channel and
it's designed just let you know a little
bit more about my life and about me and
what I get up to when I'm not playing
minecraft I mean there's going to be
video game related stuff here I think
the first blog that goes out tomorrow
we'll definitely be video game related
but not specifically minecraft so more
about me more casual stuff lots of pug
footage which should be awesome and I
hope you're going to enjoy it I am I've
always wanted to do this for a long time
and I finally got around to doing it so
this is I'm not going to comment as a
first video the first video as I just
mentioned will go up tomorrow and if
you're excited let me know by leaving a
like I hope you're going to enjoy this
channel as much as I am filming it it's
where you're gonna take me a while to
get used to vlogging stuff but there's
some interesting things that are going
to be happening in my life soon so I
thought I'd bring you guys along for the
ride with me because you are Team TDM
you are awesome and I think it would be
sweet so that's pretty much for this
video good job finding this if you found
it in either the Sims or the mod
showcase descriptions good job guys good
job if you came in from Saturday's then
I'm welcome welcome again so I'm thank
you for watching guys I hope you going
to enjoy subscribe so you can find out
what the first vlog is going to be like
and I will see you all there
