morning guys how is it going welcome to
my hotel room in Plymouth so yesterday I
was gonna vlog the journey but the
journey was a little bit horrendous it
was a little bit crazy so we got on the
train and it was the busiest train I've
ever seen in my life it was so busy in
every carriage even we went to first
class to try and get see there were just
so many people on that train
it was a four-hour train I think in the
end so I didn't vlog it I literally
slept almost the whole way which was
perfect and then we arrived in Plymouth
now look at the view out of my hotel
window look at this point a bit bright
for you guys right now look at that it's
actually quite cool you've got a church
in the background you've got some nice
hills over there now those you the don't
know Plymouth in the UK I'm pretty sure
there's a Plymouth in America as well
the Plymouth in the UK is right by the
sea so that's pretty cool and I have
about 10 minutes to be able to eat as
much of this as possible and then get in
my taxi to go to the venue and then I'll
bring you guys with me of course and
also I've just checked out how the mini
vlogs have been doing on this channel
and I just wanna say a big thank you
because they've been going down really
well you guys seem to really really like
them so they will definitely continue so
I better get ready otherwise I'm gonna
be late for my own show I mean what hey
welcome to my dressing room so I've just
arrived the manager spot a couple of
people they managed to see me coming in
even though we come in the secret east
of ways you guys still managed to find
me somehow so I give them a quick wave
which is awesome sorry I can't stop run
in the mornings when I see you guys
because I have such a busy day if
anything gets delayed then it delays the
whole day because you do to me in Greece
in two shows if sending me angry in the
morning is half an hour late then it
makes half an hour late for the rest of
the day which is awful so I can come out
after each show but I can't come out
before we show which sucks I know I'm
sorry you guys but this is a pretty nice
dressing room to be honest quite Spacey
what sofas my bag up there about fridge
find here which apparently is gonna be
filled with water and fruit in a second
shower I guess don't know if I'd use
that a lot of them how shall I watch it
I guess that's because it gets quite hot
on stage so I'm another cool thing is
that you can actually hear what happens
on the stage up here so I can hear when
I need to go on stage which is pretty
cool I just had a quick peek of the
stage
and I hope they'll be able to get a
quick shot of it before you guys come in
because that'll make it a little bit
more interesting and yeah dressing room
there's not really too much I can say at
that address room but I'm ready I'm
actually feeling really awake had such a
good sleep yesterday and ready for two
shows to me and greets as well also the
dream is alive I've got signal here so
in most of the theaters I've had no
signal in my dressing room so this is a
plus and it's the first of October today
which is pretty crazy also for some of
you guys coming to the tour today this
is your first chance to get your hands
on my actual book it is not out for
another five days but you guys come in
to pronunce get your first look that out
there in the world you get a nice sneak
peek you get to pick up your books your
sign ones your non sign ones and you get
to buy at the venue as well to anyone
who's coming to future shows you can
purchase my book at the shows which I am
so excited for you guys to see I can't
wait op on Twitter after the shows and
see you guys with my books because you
guys are getting a 5 days early so
that's pretty cool so today has been a
whirlwind 2 already I've already got my
first meet greet which looked a little
bit like this
there were loads of your awesome
presents that like this idea I've been
pretty much whisked from dressing room
to meet and greet and back again but
there's such a cool set up for the be in
Greece today so I'll definitely capture
that on film when I go in next time
because it is so so cool I can give
everyone a high or fires it is awesome
so I'll definitely capture that for you
I'd carry for my show because it's in 15
minutes I need to eat myself a nice
beautiful subway down here always seem
to be in subway on these vlogs so yeah
time for a cool shot and obviously I
gotta fill the show but all the spoil in
the world of it is
okay first show is over and I am going
to go and see the people that wait near
the stage door can you hear that
that's crazy right let's go there's so
many of you hi guys how cool was that
and I just checked some of the things
that aren't people give me when I'm
there and look at these Ellie and Darcy
TDM bandanas these are incredible and I
will 100% put them on them at the end of
this video when I get home cuz I'm
planning to vlog tomorrow as well
because I stay over tonight and then
head over tomorrow
that's one showdown and I'm gonna record
the mean greeting as well because it's
super awesome I promise you and yeah
that was a really good show there's
2,500 people in the audience which is
the biggest apart from Hammersmith which
is the N N show but I'm yet really good
show to start off the day and I've got
about I think maybe 10 20 minutes until
I do my second main greet and straight
into the evening show which is going to
be awesome and also if you waited out
the back I'm sorry I can't stay long but
the longer I stay depending on how many
people there are the crazier it gets if
people start pushing it just gets really
unsafe so I come out to say hi to you I
high-five as many of you as possible and
I'm sorry I can't stay longer but it's
for your safety
crazy so I said I would show you what it
looks like no one in and look saying
this place is filled with people which
is crazy stages just up there and it's
actually a pretty long stage as well so
just finished doing my degree it was
super awesome and now I can get the food
and then head over to the second show
where this we go with 2500 people gonna
be ok
show number two has been done and that
was awesome the biggest crowd so far and
I think almost the loudest definitely
was very good so now do the same thing I
did earlier which was go out and see
everyone who waits behind you hear that
again to save absolutely you saying
right it's going to see these guys shall
we the just around the corner
guys I'm so tired so yeah it is the
morning after my tour day and I'm still
just like soul buzzing after a tour day
it's so good I get to read all your
stuff on Twitter and Instagram
afterwards about how you guys love the
show and the book as well has had a
really good reception today so I'm
feeling really good right now
also this is ready to be destroyed
she has sorry I didn't plug anything
after the show I was just so drained
went out to get food and I met a lot of
you guys in the the place we went which
is really awesome and then came home and
literally crashed out for a good like
nine or ten hours so um yet the plan for
today is to go and catch my train and
head home but we'll go to London first
and then London to home and of course
you guys are coming with me so I need to
get ready I need to clean my hotel room
and most importantly eat this breakfast
but look at this it's such a nice day
outside it's beautiful yeah it sounds
you're moving okay I think I'm ready
breakfast has been eaten and now I need
to get to the train station as quickly
as possible so that I can get to London
about half three and then get home
before 5:00 which be awesome and I've
got some editing and stuff to do on the
train because it's such a long train and
yeah let's get out of here
guys guys I made it after about five and
a half hours I made it back to where I
know best my house and more importantly
my office cause right now I am about to
do myself a livestream because I got
home I didn't have two videos pepper
today Tomodachi life went up and I was
like you know what I've got time let's
go ahead and do a stream so I'm going to
do a stream right now and then I'll
check in with you guys when I finished
the vlog when I was James mum's for
dinner which was awesome because I
haven't eaten properly over the weekends
have coming home to like a real nice
Sunday dinner was amazing um so yeah I
guess I better get to this stream
because I'm already ten minutes late as
usual
and I look really really tired Wow all
right let's stream some Minecraft Pocket
Edition because you guys love it I love
it
I'm gonna do some streaming guys I
completely forgot to get you guys live
on the live stream in the vlog so hey
everyone who's still in the chat look at
you guys and dantdm stein was awesome
there's at the beginning of the stream
and you should be able to check this out
on youtube if you missed it
what hour 17 of Minecraft Pocket Edition
which was awesome it was so much fun it
was really good to do that as a live
stream because what happened was is I
could make progress in Pocket Edition
where I just kind of be playing it by
myself I can play it with you guys and
talk to you guys and hang out with you
guys and that's kind of the beauty of
being able to stream it because I can do
something that I was going to do anyway
but live and just hang out with you guys
it was awesome it was very very cool we
got to like almost a hundred experience
that was which was awesome if you missed
it go and check it out on my other
channel wow I am so tired right now but
um what I need to do to end off this day
is I need to put this stream live when
it's processing it takes a little bit of
time get another tea because home
eighties are the best and then just get
into my very own bed which i cannot wait
to do but before I go I'm going to show
you guys the pugs because I know you
love them and you haven't seen them at
all in today's video so let's go see the
pugs and then we'll go to bed hey Amy
are you sleepy Ellie do you want to go
to bed
I think you do don't you Oh does that
look so comfy so yeah that is pretty
much my weekend done now I am going to
go to bed because it's 1 a.m. it's way
later than I wanted to stay up but my
body clock is all over the place because
I fell asleep on the trains that messed
up my body clock I'm not tired anymore
somehow but hey I need to go to bed so I
hope you enjoyed this video if you did a
thumbs up would be awesome and I will
see you guys later this week so I'm
doing some very cool things especially
this month including all the table I'm
also doing some great stuff including
like some TV the book tour begins arm
and it's going to be epic so I'm yeah
hope you enjoy it and I'll see you guys
next time bye
