money guys how is it going so today
something really cool is happening so
you know what you guys loved the 10,000
books vlog so much that I thought I'd
vlog some other stuff too and you said
you wanted mini vlog so here we go first
off we need to start the day right I'm
off to get subway breakfast which
somehow we've never had before we always
eat a subway but I've never had the
breakfast so let's go and get something
so just connected subway but I have a
problem so these drinks are hot
chocolates and they have no thing like
in the hole so when you go to Starbucks
they put a thing in here that stops the
drinks from spilling so my cunning plan
is to put that over the top not a
hundred percent sure that's gonna work
but it's worth a try
okay so did it work it worked I did
drive about 20 miles an hour though we
did it quick food review this with
everything in it bacon sausage egg and
stuff very good this not so great but
overall subway is a lot nicer than stuff
Lima Donald's good job subway so doesn't
realize I haven't actually told you what
is gonna happen today but there is a
pretty exciting day because today we get
gems brand new car so about two weeks
ago we went to go looking for cars and
when you buy a brand new car which we've
done sometimes you have to wait like
months to be able to get it they have to
order it your specification your color
and all that jibber jabber and it
usually takes a few months to get there
but they found one there was only two
weeks away so two weeks ago we ordered
this car and it's now ready to collect
today which I am super excited about
obviously gems way more excited cuz it's
her car but I'm not gonna tell you what
kind of car it is until I show you later
on but I'm yeah we're going in literally
about 30 minutes which is going to be
cool obviously I'm gonna bring you guys
with me I'm also waiting for the latest
minecraft snapshot because today is a
weird day for videos
I don't usually wait for snapshots but
this minecraft snapshot is insane but
enough about that we're gonna go and get
a new car it's such a nice day out today
right taxis on the way let's go
well we've made it and I think you'll
see by what's behind us I'm going to
ruin the surprise we are at mini and yes
that is a mini on the side of a building
so we're coming to pick up gems brands
new mini it's going to be awesome next
scene
it's gonna be her brand-new car to the
next scene will be the car the look
they've got sweet while we wait here it
is space is pretty cramped so I'll show
you it better when we're outside but
look is your new car okay we made it
home I drove the mini back because
Gemma's been nervous so I drove the mini
back it's now seeing on our drive so
I'll give you a good tour of it in a
seconds we're gonna go back out so Jim
can actually drive it but it's so cool
okay so this guy's was our old car that
we've had for quite a while now and most
of you probably would have seen already
it's already going brand new home but
this is the new car check it out it is
such a nice color and James wanted a
mini four so we seized party quantities
please take out on the road I'm going to
show you the inside the second this is
the front oh man it's so nice and it's
an automatic two which is one of the
main reasons we got it
let's have a look inside shall we there
we go hello I would like you new mini it
looks really really nice in the Sun as
well this is probably one of my favorite
parts of the car guys this is how you
start and stop the car go ahead flick
that switch put on the backpack put on a
break flick that switch here we go and
the car activates there we go this is
probably one of my favourite bits as
well it's got a massive like light ring
which is really good did you see that
when you change the volume it does that
too oh it's so nice in here so nice and
it is a beautiful beautiful day to take
this for our first drive
okay so gems maiden voyage has been
completed and I really like this kind
luckily she does too because I'm
probably not gonna be driving it that
much I just wanted to show you a little
bit more of the inside so this is a
steering wheel very nice the styling of
this car is cool it's kind of retro but
kind of modern at the same time but the
speedo here obviously if you're watching
for America we are on the right-hand
side because that that's just how we
tried we've also got this middle thing
in the middle which is like well your
music and cool stuff in there it's an
automatic which I mentioned earlier
which is more common in the US than it
is in the UK but it's so much easier to
drive an automatic and it's the main
reason we got this car this that you've
already seen all these cool switches in
here look really nice kind of like a
spaceship and yeah that's pretty much
all whoa
gems brand new car and also this is
where the bugs are gonna live that's one
of the main reasons because this car as
well just to fit all the bugs in because
we take the bugs a lot of places and
when you've got a crate in the back it
doesn't really fit in the other car but
this one when we've got these seats down
will be perfect so yeah the pugs can
ride along with us in the new car so now
the excitement of the car has been done
actually I think Jim wants take out for
another spin later on because we need to
go get some food anyway so yes it's
gonna be driving it later but anyway I
need to get to to video-making because I
haven't made any videos today and it's
5:00 p.m. usually my first video goes up
in just two hours but fear not the
snapshot is now live I can make videos
on all the brand new features there in
Minecraft 1.11 it's so cool I mean just
look at how many llamas there are such a
good feature
anyway I need get to making these videos
and I'll see you guys later you can
hardly see me but hey I'm done we might
be
to get to up which is awesome and I just
want to show you this car tonight
because it looks really cool this is the
central bit it's all lit up and super
nice but in this particular one we've
got like these colored lights the change
color gradually they're circles this is
on the door hand or the some in the
footwell as well let go to pink to Red's
go to blue to yellow orange it's crazy
and down here will you be your phone and
your charges and stuff this car is
pretty dang cool oh I cannot remember
when I spoke to you last I really got in
my I've been in the car I think anyway
geez today is still not over it is 10 to
12 or 10 to midnight right now and I
need to make two more videos I've done
two videos today even though I did them
late that up there ready to go and
actually they're already up geez I'm
losing my mind
beer I still need to make two more
videos just so I can get ahead for this
weekend which is the Plymouth for tour
date and that's a lot of traveling it's
about five hours from where I live so
it's gonna be a lot of traveling so let
me see if I can get these done I want to
make another 1.11 video which you have
seen by now hopefully and I'm gonna play
some other games as well so wish me luck
this is gonna be long guys 20 to 2:00 in
the morning I didn't even realize I feel
so drained I've let you just made an
edited and rendered two videos though so
that is great progress and it makes the
weekend getting ready for videos and
stuff cuz I'm doing this tour but I'm
doing it every weekend through October
and then there's one week in October
where I have five shows in eight days so
somehow I need to make videos in advance
as well so you guys at home who aren't
coming onto the tour still have stuff to
watch so it can be quite a crazy time
but I'm gonna end out this vlog here I
hope you enjoyed it I'm actually really
enjoyed doing the daily vlog today so I
really hope you enjoying these mini
vlogs if you are please leave a big fat
thumbs up I'll be greatly appreciated
and I'll see you guys in the next video
have a great day I hope you had an
amazing one have a great week and I'll
see you all soon bye
