hey guys good morning and welcome to
Swindon in the UK really random but I'm
here for a very cool reason so I got you
arrived yesterday because this weekend I
need to sign 10,000 of my brand new book
trailers and the enchanted crystal yes
ten thousand as I mentioned I go here
yes a and I signed five thousand of them
yesterday you may have seen on my
Instagram story if not don't worry I'm
gonna bring you guys with me today now
this morning I wanted to share something
very exciting with you yesterday I saw
my book for the very first time in its
physical form and here it is check it
out it's an actual but it's crazy now I
can't show you inside unfortunately but
I think it actually looks amazing look
the silver around the edge it looks
awesome and there's only 12 days until
you guys get your pre-orders and you can
buy this book straight away also I
wanted to show you something else
yesterday I announced my UK book signing
tour so all the details will be on my
Twitter and Facebook pages I'm going to
all of these dates here and this year I
am definitely definitely coming over to
see you guys in the US which I know you
are going to be so so excited about
write all of the details for that can be
found in the description below so go and
check it out the details like remember
off the top of my head is the price
includes a signed book and you
definitely meet me and the secret
location will be revealed two days
before the event and parents do not need
tickets you only need tickets if you
want a signed book so that and all the
other information will be in the
description below but for now I need to
get out of here because I need to
stretch this half a little bit make sure
it's working to sign 5,000 more books so
let's get out of here shall we okay guys
so welcome to the dantdm book Factory
the book sign-in Factory and check it
out look how many books are here before
yesterday I hadn't seen one copy and now
by the end of today I would have seen
and touched
and signed 10,000 copies which is insane
but look how many there are they do look
awesome I'm not allowed to show you
inside because obviously the book isn't
out for a couple weeks Cher actually
less than two weeks which is kind of
exciting but as I mentioned I was here
yesterday and all of these ones under
the tables these ones assigns these ones
assigns but all of those ones I still
need to do so it's going to be quite a
long day we managed to finish before
6:00 yesterday which was goods or around
6:00 which was good going my hands is
feeling okay at the minute and it's
gonna be crazy to how all of these done
by the end of today so I'll keep you
updated
I need sign some more books
so I'm just taking a really quick break
we have done 8,000 so far so we're on
the home stretch almost there's 2,000 to
go and this hand right here is aching
but I need to make it oh and we also add
pizza too which i think is fueling me
right now but um yeah quick break and
then we're going to go back in and do
2,000 more right then we are almost done
we are down to the last 500 on this
table 500 to go already done 9500 but
this makes 10,000 let's do this
we do they evolved almost this right
here is the 10,000 foot so I'm going to
make it a little bit special so it can
come to my signature and you have to
keep a lookout for who it gets this so
I'm going to call it number 10,000 there
you go so you buy the book look out for
this could be yours so yeah there you go
that is how you sign 10,000 books in one
go well two goes I guess but in total I
think it took about 10 hours of signing
I'm pretty sure we work from like 10:00
to 6:00 every day with some breaks so
about 10 hours of straight signing which
is absolutely insane now I've got an
hour and a half drive home so I'll see
you guys when I get home I could out
throw it here but I know I know you guys
want to see the pugs I do too so let's
get out of here the pugs are so sleepy
guys look so sleepy
how you doing oh he does he's been a
very good girl when I've been away
haven't you she doesn't like to come huh
okay so yeah it's now 10:00 to 9:00 I
got back way later I thought I would
because there was tons of traffic which
is kind of annoying because I still need
to stream this evening I think I'm gonna
stream some minecraft today because you
guys like minecraft of course also made
myself this to eat before screen so it
was nice and quick to make but yeah I
hope you enjoyed this vlog I'm gonna end
it here because I've got stream to do
I'm probably gonna crash because my hand
hurts
that's Oh tired yeah if you want to try
and get your hands on a copy of the
signed book most of them are already
purchased through my arm Dan TM UK tour
but my book tour which I mentioned
earlier on all the details that will be
in description below those are for that
as well so go ahead and check that out
I don't know how many tickets gonna be
left because by the time this video goes
up probably almost all of them gonna be
gone so on if there are any left you'll
find them in the description below so
I'm thank you so much for watching this
video I hope you enjoyed if you did big
fat thumbs up would be awesome and I
will see you guys very very soon goodbye
yeah
