let's talk about vlogs first off hey
how's it going we're having an awesome
days so I just wanted to use this
opportunity to talk about something cool
that happened yesterday and also talk
about something for the future of this
channel too so um listen up so first off
I went to London yesterday I got on a
train then I got my BA and then I
arrived at a music studio a music studio
yes
something that I've wanted to do for a
very very long time this is a secret
project so unfortunately I can't tell
you too much about it but it's going to
be very very cool and I got to record
some vocals for something really cool I
somehow managed to find out that I could
actually sing a note on purpose which
was awesome I got to record in a pretty
awesome underground studio so yeah that
happened yesterday we played in the
studio for about a couple of hours then
I got my train home had an amazing bacon
sandwich and of course I saw the bugs
that's what happened to me yesterday and
it was also one of those moments where I
was like how on earth has my life turned
into this going to music studios touring
the UK making videos on games and blogs
every day just like I just had this
moment I was like how is this my life
but um I have you guys to thank for that
of course I have to make the content but
you guys obviously have to watch it so
it's want to use this opportunity to
thank you guys so so much you are
incredible oh look at it so most of you
all know that we won a Kids Choice Award
literally like four months ago but
finally it arrived
our second Kids Choice Award for
favorite tipster I don't really know
what tipster means if you replace that
world of youtuber kind of makes sense
but anyway thank you guys so much it was
all down to fan votes so on thank you
now I have two of these let the other
ones up there thank you so yeah now on
to kind of what I wanted to talk about
for this channel so basic
you guys especially on Instagram have
been absolutely begging me every single
day to make a daily vlogs again because
this channel started as a daily vlog
channel but then when the main channel
started picking up so much I didn't
really have the time or I didn't really
do anything interesting I was just
grinding away making YouTube videos and
every day would literally be the same
which I thought would be very boring so
I took a break for a bit and my blogging
confidence really isn't the best I'm
still trying really really hard to vlog
in public and most of the time it
doesn't happen so that's something I
definitely want to work on because I
don't really do anything in my day apart
from making videos about ten hours a day
I didn't think my vlogs would be
interesting but then I thought how about
I just uploads mini vlogs because in the
pressure for making 10 or 20 minute long
vlogs isn't there and I still do some
cool stuff it's just not every single
day so I want to ask you guys do you
want to see these weird little mini vlog
things because in October especially I'm
up to a lot of cool stuff which maybe
won't be the best suited to a really
long 10 or 20 minute vlog which most
daily vloggers do but stuff that is
still pretty awesome so I don't really
know if by making much sense if why I'm
asking is do you guys want to see these
mini vlogs seeing what I get up to so
that I can put more content out on this
channel that's more like the daily stuff
I used to do it won't be day by the way
it will just be when I do something
interesting or if I just have something
I want to talk about where I just sit
here and talk about whatever I want to
for the day pretty much so yeah do you
want to see these mini blogs that will
help me get my confidence up with
vlogging hopefully and will I me to
share a little bit more about what I do
when I'm not making gaming videos out
and about especially when I'm on tour
because we do some pretty cool things
and we're out and about and we see some
awesome places too so let me know in the
comment section down below or simply by
leaving a big fat thumbs up so thanks
for hanging out with me I hope it wasn't
too confusing for you I look forward to
making more content for this channel
because I definitely want to pick it
back up daily vlogging was really fun
and I think you guys really enjoyed it
too so yeah thanks for watching I'll see
you all next time bye
