Hey so today we're starting off really
really early well I say really early
it's like 8:00 in the morning which is
early for me and it's also really early
considering I went to bed I like 3m
because I was editing videos for today
but I got enough videos done which is
awesome so today as I mentioned
yesterday we are doing some filming now
I'm not a hundred percent sure how much
I'm allowed to film today because of
that secret project but I guess if I
fill me in bits like we're filming today
it won't make much sense anyway so I'm
off to a country park now because we're
off to do some filming there then we're
going to a town center to go and film
there and then we're doing mostly
filming the rest of the day at my house
so should be a fun day
obviously you guys are coming along too
but I should get there so that I'm not
like I made it and look how cool this
location is there's a massive lake over
there and it's actually a really nice
day it's like kind of frosty but kind of
cool at the same time not too cold it's
gonna be an awesome day of filming right
here that's so cool so the filming guys
are running a little bit late but check
this out the lake is absolutely huge and
they just asked me if there's a big hill
around for me to run up which is one of
the scenes we need and I said don't
really see one but apparently there's
one literally right here look how big
that is
that's insane this is a see a really
cool park I've lived near where we are
right now for a while and like ten plus
years and I've never been to this part
before but it's it's really really cool
we should come in more often with the
pugs and stuff but there is swans and
Ellie likes to fight swans well get in
arguments with them anyway because she
always barks at them then they bark back
because swans are pretty crazy animals
but this is gonna be a really fun day
I'm looking forward to and considering
I've only had four hours sleep I don't
feel too bad it's also like a weird
little play park thing here but it looks
kind of abandoned look check this out
because it's got like so many leaves and
stuff on it all that's terrifying why is
there like a crazy snake thing yeah yeah
look how creepy and weird this is with
all the um not only the crazy big box
that is literally a massive bag of it
why why is this here but yeah not only
are there crazy big bugs here but it
also looks really really old and stuff
I'm sure it looks fine and awesome in
the summer but while it's go all the
leaves and stuff around
it looks really really strange has got a
really cool slide over here though right
there if it wasn't all wet I would
definitely use it what what are these
things why are there like tubes to
nowhere can you go in those I can't even
see the end that's so creepy there's
another one just over here surely people
don't use these surely they don't
there's loads of them
do they like oh can you go in them and
then go underneath the ground oh no you
can go in that one I can see the end of
that one come looks Christmasy actually
there's some balance beams out here too
I've also just been on the phone with
the director and apparently we're
getting our own custom ice-cream van
today which sounds amazing hopefully I
get to show you that but these balance
beams leads to the lead to the slides
and oh I think the film crew might be
here or someone trying to explore this
creepy slightly abandoned Park so this
is a little bit different I've got a
sweatband on I don't think I've worn a
sweatband in my life but we're doing a
quick scene where I'm gonna run through
this park haven't taken a jog this early
ever I don't think so this could be
really interesting so I'm gonna jog from
here all the way up there and there's
loads of stairs which I think I showed
you earlier which we're not actually
gonna use I'm glad because if this takes
a few takes and I'm gonna be completely
destroyed but today's could be fun just
finish my first bit of jogging actually
feels really good to get a jog in even
though like I've never ever ever been
jogging in the morning in my life I
probably should do it a little bit more
but I did the first scene did in two
takes which is awesome now I've got to
go over here and do even more running
around the corner so good start today
soul-g we have an ice-cream van so weird
timeline for this vlog so we finished
off the running scenes and then we
filmed in my house for a long time
glittery films but like I want to say
like six or seven hours and I completely
forgot to film anything which I know is
absolutely terrible so I'm sorry but it
was really kind of like loads of static
shots and stuff so we didn't get I can
walk I forgot so we've got to the end of
the day they said wrap the filming Oz oh
oh no vlogs so why done is combined
yesterday which is with the run in with
it today which is even more filming for
exactly the same project so I'm going to
try and film some more today combine
them for you and hopefully get some good
footage so right now we've got a whole
office set up and we're going to be
filming in there doing some like game
design kind of scenes it's going to be
cool so this is the mock office that
we're using today what actually it's not
a mock office - it's a real office that
we're just using like before everyone
starts work so all these guys have
kindly come in early to help us out with
the shoe we're gonna be shooting over
here and it should be good
should we get
okay we're already done with filming
which is really good so we've got a
little bit of a break now and then we're
gonna do some voiceover which should be
pretty fun for the rest of the episodes
of this special series I'm trying really
hard not to talk about it so I mean
talking about it all day all day
yesterday and try not spoil it for you
guys cuz I'm not allowed I'm sorry but
more voiceovers in a bit I'll try and
record that is gonna be massively
interesting but should be fun
the voiceovers are done and my voice is
killing because I do the voice of quite
a few characters Peggy don't Bob please
so I do the voice of quite a few
characters including myself which is
just my normal voice but my voice is
destroyed within so much recording of
voice which obviously as you saw isn't
that interesting to film and obviously I
am back home now which is cool and we
got to end a little bit early to got a
lot of stuff done which is good I had a
really fun two days of filming and we
got a lot of the secret project done and
I'm really sorry I can't tell you guys
too much about it but you've already
seen more than I'm supposed to be able
to show you so she can yourselves lucky
but I'm we're planning to have this
project finished by like mid February
and you will be seeing it very very soon
don't you guys worry and I promise you
it is going to be awesome
wise ended up coming home we had dinner
and then we wrapped some Christmas
presents for family and stuff because
you have to do that otherwise no one's
gonna get any gifts are they well they
will get gifts that they won't be
wrapped which would suck and Christmas
is only next week which is absolutely
insane it's 7 a 8 days away which is
cool today was fun yesterday was fun
lots of work done on the secret project
got some cool videos that went up as
well which you guys seem to absolutely
love which is awesome thank you guys and
hopefully in the future I'll be able to
show you a little sneak peek of what
we're actually doing you kind of seen a
little bit already I guess yeah I hope
you enjoyed this video if you did please
leave me a thumbs up that would be
awesome and I will see you guys maybe
tomorrow because we're going to a pub
Christmas party tomorrow so I'll at
least get some footage of that so
hopefully we'll see me tomorrow if not
I'll see you guys in the next video see
you later I have an amazing day and I'll
see you in the next one bye
