oh yeah um it's been a while I just want
to make this video to say that I am so
sorry that I have not uploaded on this
channel for so long it's completely out
of order but I do have a pretty good
excuse for those of you that do watch my
other channel I have been on tour around
the UK which I currently am still now I
just had no chance to make videos for
this channel but I'm gonna try my best
to make videos for this channel while
I'm away off on tour where there's just
a little blog or something like this so
without the way today aren't we doing
something pretty stupid to celebrate
something do we crossed quite a long
time ago but actually I need to just go
and get something wait wait there a
second huh-huh yeah
yep guys it finally came well actually
this came a long time ago it is the gold
button for oh it's Lord cerium there we
go for this channel we got our gold
button I just wanted to thank you guys
for the crazy support on this channel my
main channel gets insane support with
this one of all the silly things I do
gets crazy crazy support as well so I
thought I would show you guys what I'm
you have allowed me to earn this crazy
golden button it's actually somehow
smaller than my other one but I'm not
complaining this is epic so thank you
guys so much and I did mention that I'll
be doing something very stupid today so
I thought what could I do
in a video that's gonna make announcing
and showing you guys the golden button
just a little bit more interesting and I
thought you know what if I'm gonna paint
my face yeah I'm not just gonna paint my
face I'm gonna paint it gold just lets
you see what I see right is there gold
face gold button so um yeah let's do
this shall we
whoa look at that it is so glittery and
gold this is actually going to be
amazing
okay so I just need to move my hair out
of my face to do this yeah looks pretty
good but I've also got this very special
sponge that's gonna help me to do this
let me just put my finger in it first
and see what happens
oh let's put on my nose first you ready
oh no way that feels really weird what's
it look like I can't even tell kind of
looking in the monitor for the UM for
the camera but I've already told so I'm
just gonna go for this so I need to dip
it in like this here we go you ready
that's a good lump on there and oh you
know what I really hate foam and this is
foam and it just feels gross let me just
get real close up in here so I I'm gonna
put it on my face haha wow it's so shiny
I can really see it like in the corner
of my eye I can properly see how shiny
that is oh my goodness this is amazing
this is so cool just get some on the
forehead there as well I have so much
more of this to put on I'm gonna try
make oh no what's that is that my hair I
don't want gold hair that would be cool
though guys look axe then you painted my
hair gold oh this is I didn't think this
through did I I really didn't think this
through okay guys are you ready I went
off and get in front of a mirror are you
ready 3 2 1 ah no way look at this this
looks so so weird oh my goodness what do
we match
let's test do we match I don't know I
have no idea this is going to be so
difficult to get off look at my face
it's actually so shiny and goes there
you go no you can kind of see it
shimmering only got it in one piece of
my hair which wasn't too bad
look at that it's so shimmery and weird
but it just looks like I've got a really
really bad sons and it actually somehow
looks a lot more impressive on a iphone
video look at how shiny it is it's so
shiny so yeah that's my um that's my
stupid idea of the day done pretty much
so I'm yeah I just wanted to update you
guys
and say sorry for not uploading for a
while but hopefully this kind of made up
for it I hope in a really really weird
way and thank you for all of the crazy
support on this channel videos will
continue hopefully as normal if a video
doesn't go up one time a week just know
that I am so busy and I'm so sorry you
can follow me on Twitter in the
description below check out what I am
doing at any given time and yeah I'm
gonna try and um wash off my gold face
that she looks really awesome
it go looks really cool with the blue
hair as well check this out yeah I'm
like a superhero huh I cannot believe
I've done this bad way I hope you
enjoyed if you did please leave a big
fat thumbs up that would be greatly
appreciated again thank you so much for
all of the support that is incredible
and I will see you guys in the next
video good bye
