Herrin dan here welcome back to another
video where today I thought we would do
a part two to one of the most popular
videos on this channel reacting to
Instagram edits now Instagram is a
platform that I absolutely love and
there is a massive community of you guys
making edits about me about the pugs
about stuff on the channel and I want to
look through some more and I gave you
guys about a three hour warning that I
was gonna do this video so I'm sure
there's some gems in my Instagram right
now so let's get to this what we're
gonna need is my Instagram boom there we
go and this is my Instagram come follow
me if you don't already and what we are
going to go into now is the holy grail
of TDM edits the photos of you section
and they should load if my 3G decides to
oh my goodness oh yeah I could see some
amazing ones already right let's start
with this one
so yesterday on the main channel I
uploaded a video with um the fake meet
in the real me and look at that it's got
like it's so awesome I love how they've
actually added the mustache on there and
the glass is on the fake one look good
it up is that
yeah that's blusher on my face I kind of
want to get a crown now as well let's
like that
tickle-tickle I wish I could know what
my pugs were thinking whenever I picked
them up whenever I'm doing stuff like
this that's probably probably what
they're thinking most of the time to be
honest and then there's me as a as a
kitten although pretty good as a cat if
you gave me cause to be a cat that has
like blue fur though and I also like I
they've added the ears on that looks
that looks awesome and then it gets
weird then there's me being copped as a
pineapple um I've always wanted to be a
pineapple I mean I look quite good as a
pineapple I guess this is one of the
creepiest edits I've ever made yes
that's slightly weird but but very cool
and here we go again with the makeup I
see I would say like every five edits is
me with makeup on May
I should do a make of it no no no but I
was not too bad it kind of matches the
t-shirt that I wearing underneath my
hoodie very cool whoa that one's
actually really cool it's like a tiger
with me blend it's a mai tai on the left
that's why it looks cool it's because
it's my eye on the left as well that
one's awesome I love that one
I like that um the sabers have made the
best one and one of the creepiest ones
hey Ellie how are you doing oh my
goodness guys we have that we have to
pause look Ellie's here oh my guess I'm
sure there's some funny edits of you as
well say hey say hey Darcy was in here
but she ran straight out probably
because she knew I was gonna do this see
you later Lee she just wanted to come
and see the edits of her back to this
though that is that is extremely creepy
me as Gollum that's that's very strange
look at the size of Gollum's feet his
feet are like bigger than his head I
never noticed that before
oh this because a cat again it is Jeff
as a cat as well uh that's awesome well
this is quite cool I like this it's me
as an Enderman holding a diamond
minecart with the cool I like the cool
hand-drawn diamonds in the background I
like that one a lot I have no idea where
you guys get some of these faces from
but I must have pulled them at some
point but don't worry super Dan is
coming to save us I am yeah look so cool
what is wrong that's the funny is what
I've seen so far that's fake dantdm
or was fake dantdm anyway oh it looks
like a giant thumb like if you press the
thumb and model it on a face that's what
that would look like me with minion
goggles really is a person that did the
the Gollum one that kind of matches me
too that's really we're just like oh my
goodness squeezy Dan this is so person
to care that you are making some crazy
edit
today my Cilic so big haha these ones
always make me laugh
look apply to me in the background as
well he is enjoying himself flag today
by me now yeah you are look there you
are haha it's a part of me that is a
good one though that's one of my
favorites so far that one and the beach
thumb head oh this is a contender as
well look me blowing fire as a unicorn
and saying I'm a turtle that's good
yay that's what I would like with an
afro out of us - yeah it kind of suits
me actually and that is a very old
pigeon I've got my hand in a cast
oh those terrible days yeah that was a
good one to LA what is that it looks
like someone's put like a burning piece
of something along my face and that
would be my reaction I'm not sure if the
rainbows and come out but that that's a
good order
what are we doing now watch me oh no
we're doing the whip nae with some
random random magical power balls look
at the one at the middle the face these
doing what is that in there
Oh Oh Drake yeah of course do it
it's a sit over lip is that me as a
hedgehog is that a hedgehog I think
that's a hedgehog I would love to do
that do a job just hold it up and have
it look so majestic like that
not with my face on though even without
my face on that would look amazing I
look pretty good as the troll face you
people got like the shape of the head as
well that one is really cool these words
always make me laugh haha
it literally looks like you plucked off
my mouth and stuck it somewhere else
Chris got all the blank space underneath
and again
okay Jimmy's mouth it's all the way out
for you
oh it's epic I wonder what this red
button do am i a peanut is that a peanut
it looks like one I remember seeing the
original one of this all that is all
either better as this troll guy than the
original troll guy they've actually
moved my eyeballs as well this one's up
there one of my favorites as well I
think this is the same account for look
at that
the almost never-ending dantdm mouth
thing to go again with the mouth again
with the mouth ah so that's how you do a
proper dab oh I need to I need to
increase my dab skills what was that one
the best one I think that's the best one
I've done so far
haven't seen is what I've seen most of
them from this account look at that
that's what happens inside my head the
person inside my head is just going yeah
this account - it's always me and squid
in some weird situation but squid was
doing some painting with with me as the
paint roller that is magical I really
soo being a paint roller now it's good I
like it looks like you put the bomb bit
in a beaker and then the rest is
overflowing imagine the bomb bit in a
cup they swap with my phone how does
that even work
Oh check this out look we love you Dan
there's so many team TDM members there
that's why mean about the crazy big
Queenie you guys have on Instagram it's
insane it's so cool yeah I think that
matches pretty well oh oh I have fully
melted look at my boy Olivia sigh that
is a freaky one my nose is so small like
a little alien and I look very very
sunburned in that one I do not look well
yeah I look very bad hey this is cool
oh that's so awesome it's like I'm here
right now I love this background by the
way I'm glad I changed it for these
videos look at that that's really
awesome yes yes when you go to the
movies you always want some damn corn I
make some weird weird faces oh geez all
is that it's not like it's like a tiny
tiny
Pete that is awesome
that is so right divorce and look how
awkward my face is and I want to be here
with this pink stress dog and there you
go that is the crazy crazy world of fan
edits on Instagram I love them so much
so guys just let me take this
opportunity to thank you for making all
these crazy edits I check my Instagram
like multiple times a day and there's
always crazy new ones that make me laugh
I try and like as many as possible and
just thank you guys there are some some
really really cool edits out there so
yeah that's pretty much it for me today
if you did enjoy this video maybe want
to see some more or maybe react to some
more fan kind of things I think I want
to do some fan videos as well that I
found so if you want to see some more
please leave a big fat thumbs up that'd
be greatly appreciated I really do hope
you enjoyed this video if you did and
it's the first one you've seen by me or
you haven't done so yet please do it
that subscribe button and join in the
fun on this channel
another quick know I haven't mentioned
on this channel yet but my book is now
out for pre-order which is throw crazy
so you could check that out in the
description below too as well as my
Instagram my Twitter and all that good
stuff so go and check it out the book
comes out on October the 6th in the UK
and later on just a little bit later in
the USB you can check out all that
information in description below please
do check it out because work is so hard
on it and I cannot wait for you guys to
see it ruffnut thank you guys again so
much watching thank you so much vienes
and i'll see you guys in the next video
good bye
