everyone down here welcome back to
another video now today we're gonna be
discovering another really cool app
because I have found an app that
supposedly detects ghosts in your house
it uses the camera on your phone and it
shows you where ghost energy is and it
also allows you to talk to spirits too
so today I'm gonna find out if my house
is haunted or not so let's just load it
up look the sensor calibration is
happening EMF k2 RAM and Gauss is all
okay and ready to go and check it out
look that is my standard this is my hand
right here and we are going to see if
there is a ghost ready to go and it says
look it says on here it says there's a
ghost behind me because look there's my
office over there there's my lights
here's my camera there's my PC so this
is actually detecting my current seating
area and apparently we turn this way so
it goes behind us I don't want to be
behind us now that's creepy oh jeez oh
my goodness
look it says ghost aged one zero one
look at that there's like a ghost
haunting my shelves why would that even
happen at communication detected warts
um so yeah this app also allows you to
kind of communicate with the ghosts and
when it gets wet to a certain frequency
you are they start saying things and
that guy said Chris hello Chris how is
it um in the closet Chris in the closet
no don't go away Chris Chris Wood's we
just found Chris the ghost and he also
said in the closets ah I'm sorry you
died in a closet Chris are there any
other ghosts there's another one behind
me Chris is this you Chris Chris's you
again is this him is this him Chris
this this one's called Judith are you
doing it though you doing christened
Judith to do dot did you die in a closet
as well tell me gone we could share
secrets here
she's 223 years old well I think the
other one was Chris was 101 it is coming
okay uh I'm gonna leave this room right
now and we're gonna check out another
room Judas is freaking me out
right okay new rooms sorry the
Lighting's weird I had to move my you
setup around but we are in like a spare
bedroom right now and let's see what the
app is telling us is telling us as a
ghost over here is that you again Chris
no this one's 86 um uh is it in that
room
mark he's walking for the door
he's hooking for the door mark what
happened to mark how did you die it says
friendly spirit what did the other two
say he's gone oh my goodness at least he
was a friendly one so one of them said
this is coming or it is coming or
something so I'm guessing that one's not
very nice I need to go back and look at
his religion this is creepy ugh what is
one right here this one right here 684
this right there right on the corner my
school I don't like that I don't like
that at all oh my goodness
a 684 year old ghost how many ghosts a
so far there's four ghosts in my house I
don't I don't like that that's creepy
abyss why would you say abyss you 684
year old person oh okay room 3 we're
trying my living room so let's see if
there's one behind me there's one behind
me again why did you keep doing this to
me there is 43 he's the youngest one so
far oh geez can we talk to him or her
legacy why would you say that did they
go
I have no idea what's going on this is
creepy so creepy look 43
poor dude from there to there oh I can't
believe this app is actually it's
freaking me out
did you come behind me again Oh John is
a she oh oh this is creepy guys so
creepy Joan a vengeful spirit so Ben's
like revenge I'm not too sure but oh
she's she's skipping around me I think
she wants to take me out look she's
sitting on the chair she's actually
sitting on the chest you trying to steal
my ps4 box get away from there no get
away
Joan Joan stop messing around with me
please Joan there she is
Joan disappears not splitting behind it
in front of me so um guys as you can see
on the left hand side there is a spirit
ISM tab and I'm going to go back up to
my office and see if we can talk signal
lost
what did you say it's gone Joan's gone
wait wait let me go back up to my office
and risa up this we can talk to the
spirits they're talking to us right now
but I would have talked to them okay we
recalibrated reset up in my office and
we're ready to go okay there's an 85
year old ghost just chilling in my desk
over there just possessing my computer
so we're going to press spiritism and
ask a yes or no question and wait for
the signal to be analyzed answer with
accuracy below fifty percent are not
reliable okay what should we ask the
question
okay uh do you know who I am
oh-oh-oh 20 yes sir 78% so it's supposed
to be able to detect like what the
spirits are going to say what else
should I ask if I could ask a ghost any
question what would it be
do you miss eating food oh oh oh I like
don't miss eating food I guess it's like
one convenience you don't need to do any
more like one inconvenience you don't
need to do also okay let's think of one
more question is my house definitely
haunted
what's it gonna say what's you're gonna
say it's gonna say it's gonna say oh I
think it's gonna say yes
Oh Shay so much the chase already said
anything below fifty percent is not
reliable but that's a thirty nine
percent yes I don't think that quite
sure but if they're answering this
they must be wanted fernery guys I think
that's gonna be enough of that but today
is my house haunted
well I think we can safely say yes
because we saw like six ghosts alright
that's can be pretty much it from me
today if you did enjoy this video please
new big fat thumbs up that would be
awesome and if this happens to be the
first video you seen by me then please
do consider subscribing for more crazy
videos hopefully without ghosts in but
yeah thank you so much watching guys
I'll see you all in the next one
yeah bye
