hey rod and Dan here welcome back to
another video now before we start this
video I just want to say a massive
massive massive thank you to you guys we
hit 2 million subscribers on this
channel is absolutely insane and the
love on the previous videos has been out
of this world they're hitting 2 3 4
million views sometimes as well so thank
you guys so so much today why do I do is
kind of learn a little bit more about
myself for you guys and for me as well
by doing the most accurate thing
possible personality quizzes online of
course now I think these can be quite
fun so let's get started now the person
we're gonna do is am I going to be a
good parent I want to know this you guys
probably want to know this too so let's
begin the quiz which Nicktoons bully is
your favorites how is this gonna tell me
whether I'm a good parent or not huh I
only really know Angelica I'm gonna put
Angelica our what is sophie the Giraffe
is this what is going on here guys this
quiz what is going on here
um sophie the Giraffe I honestly have no
idea what time do I go to bed usually
don't do this guys don't do this it's
usually after midnight not gonna lie
your four-year-old just said a really
bad word what do you do tell him it's a
bad word and not say it again all you'll
be punished tell him it's a bad word but
do nothing laughing ignore it or spank
him spank that's a little bit far um
we're gonna go for our the top one I
think that's the best what's the best
punishment for a teenager who's missed
curfew I see what's going on here now
they're testing us they're testing us
whether our parenting skills in the
future are gonna affect whether I'm
gonna be a good parent or not I mean I
make sense um I feel like I don't even
know
I'm gonna do I'm gonna do extra chores
because then they get punished but then
stuff like for me gets a little bit
easier because I can actually make them
do chores pick your favorites baby
themed movie there's baby themed movies
how did I not know this baby's day out
look who's talking three men and a baby
baby geniuses or honey I blew up the kid
I've seen none of these films and heard
of none of them so I'm gonna do honey I
blew up the kids true or false
not all babies are cute are this is
awkward this is awkward true and if you
say otherwise you're lying kind of true
I'd say certain newborns aren't cute or
false all babies are gifts and cute in
their own way to be honest though let's
be really honest every baby kind of
looks like a potato let's be honest here
so I'm gonna put true I'm gonna put true
I'm a bad person do you have a savings
account um yeah I actually do have a
savings account it's a smart thing to do
pick the children's show you want your
kids to watch most often mr. Rogers
neighborhoods what are their making
things up definitely Barney and Friends
Teletubbies Sponge Bob Squarepants or
Sesame Street I'm picking Sponge Bob
I mean I would Sponge Bob now still so
it's got to be good do you smoke no but
have you ever taken care of a pet yeah I
love animals I take care of three pubs
right now so they're pretty hard work
they're kind of like kids anyway to be
honest which celebrity mom do you admire
the most Kim Kardashian Kate Middleton
Angelina Jolie Tori Spelling Mariah
Carey or Jennifer Lopez what I have no
idea I'm just gonna choose around one
any meenie miney moe
Anjali and Jolie I mean here we go am I
going to be a good parent what do you
guys think huh what do you guys think it
says yes I'm gonna be a good parent
thank goodness up next how quickly would
you die on the walking dead oh geez
right let's begin who do you think you
are um myself one bad individual just
another person trying to stay smart
survive in this world or give me a
couple of minutes to think about it um
I'm gonna put the top one up
myself how do you like your eggs
over-medium with a little salt or oh
maybe hot sauce however I can get them
nothing in this world is free roar I
hate eggs um I'm gonna burn I don't
really like hot sauce that much so I'm
just gonna but however I can get them
what what is it good for defeating all
your enemies it's not really good for
much at all making a mess of the world
ruining people's lives getting the drop
on the bad guys and getting home yeah
it's not really good for much at all is
it war is a bad bad thing which of the
activities below would you rather spend
your day doing sleeping eating hiding
from the world or sharpening my spear I
love sleeping so I'm gonna do or
sleeping or eating but I don't really
want to eat like flesh and stuff so
sleeping
do you understand math um no no no I
have no idea the vast majority of map is
pointless what makes you happiest
fishing thriving at home and at work
knowing without a doubt that my loved
ones are safe I'm gonna do the top one
because that's kind of nice what makes
you different different who wants to be
different
pretty much everything and it's not easy
my ability to keep it together when
things get crazy or I'm not different ah
this one's a difficult one I honestly
don't know I don't know any meenie miney
moe
okay the top one can you identify this
blonde poison oak poison ivy Virginia
Creeper or is it just a green plant I'm
just gonna say green plant
cuz I have no idea would you consider
yourself royal absolutely not so in the
timing Israel I try absolutely I'd say
I'm a very loyal person Oh what would
you do if this guy came at you full
force
I grabbed the nearest weapon runaway
freak and tried quite a smart place to
hide I'll just cut up and let him eat me
I'd like to think I would grab the
nearest weapon and chop that suckers
head clean off
do you have basic survival skills only
if there's Wi-Fi I mean if I could
Google everything that'd be perfect when
you have to survive you learn pretty
quick thoughts on witchcraft there's no
witchcraft in the walk you're dead no
thank you
it's not real whatever I'll do whatever
I can take on the zombies or it's
terrifying ah whatever yeah whatever
whatever happens which of the weapons
below would be your go to in Apocalypse
this is a really cool idea
crossbow other zombies I don't believe
in violence to grab bitch or the cookies
or guns lots of guns I can ride the
crossbow I like that a lot
what we gonna do we would die always the
media loose though sorry to be the
bearer of bad news but you really won't
cut out for this world look at me
getting absolutely ripped in the neck by
a zombie I'm disappointed in myself I'm
next can we tell you how old you are
from your internet habits I hope I'm not
really old please how would you get
driving instructions Google Maps 100% do
you know what snapchat is yes yes I do I
don't use every day but I do know what
it is where'd you keep your phone during
the day in my pockets a hundred percent
oh this is gonna be bad isn't it
choose your social network YouTube isn't
on there so I'm gonna go for Twitter
Twitter's probably my favorite one do
you recognize this but a bunch of badger
badger badger badger badger badger
mushroom mushroom yeah yeah I recognize
this how about this yeah I recognise
that - I don't know if everyone will
recognize that it's like the it was the
guy who was flipping a broom around but
someone edited it to be a lightsaber was
amazing how do you listen to music
iTunes most of the time Facebook is good
for posting kid pictures keeping tabs on
my kids making my kids think I'm cool or
nothing really but I feel like after
have it I don't really like Facebook I'm
gonna put out that I really like
Facebook at all where'd you get most
your news from Twitter again do you have
a friend ster account what is Friendster
Twitter is good for keeping in touch my
friends full and cool slept youth game
news quickly and I'm gonna say keeping
in touch with friends I guess you guys
what kind of advice you taking this quiz
on I'm taking this on a laptop right
come on tell me my age wait there's one
more question be honest how many selfies
have you posted this week
I haven't actually pointed that many
this week ah a couple my outfits were
super cute you are in your 20s it got it
I'm 24 and 20 point pretty much up today
on all online trends and you can't
imagine your life without the internet
it's pretty true how many times have you
been reincarnated so how many times have
I lived before this life I'm living
right now let's find out
do you have recurring dreams ah I kind
of do like two or three come back every
now and then but haven't add them in a
while how many different types of food
you like absolutely everything I love
food all that cities you've never been
to you think you would love are pretty
much yeah yeah I think so
half the world looks great to me do you
have any fears I have maybe like the two
fears a few big fears there we go in
telling you them and telling you how
often do you have deja vu that's when
you feel like you've lived the moment
already I have that like a few times a
year maybe it's really weird thin are
you fascinated by any time in history a
few time periods are fairly interesting
not many when you were young how many
types of jobs that you pretend to have
pretend ah I don't think I add many I
don't have a clue are you great at
something before you ever took a lesson
sometimes it's like rare things that I
was good at do you struggle in some
areas of your life more than others
um kind of kind of kind of yeah it's
kind of do you have an affinity for
languages I can speak one language so no
only English for me does inspiration
come out of nowhere for you yes yes it
does all the time it just pops in like
an idea for a video just comes into my
brain from nowhere it's so weird how
many types of music do you like I stick
with a few music genres and the last
question are that people in your life
with whom you feel an inexplicable bond
ah family and close friends just like
normal boom what's he gonna say how many
times have I lived and died before here
we go but five you have lived four times
before you will continue trying to learn
the lessons you were figuring out in the
lives before now I've lived four times
before now I wonder what my names would
have been maybe like Gregory Philip
maybe I was a girl as well maybe I was a
hedgehog - hey guys that's pretty much
gonna wrap up today's video it's very
very random today's video but I hope you
enjoyed anyway if you did please leave
it fat thumbs up thank you again so much
for 2 million subscribers on this
channel that is absolutely crazy if you
did enjoy this video a thumbs up would
be awesome and it happens to be the
first one you see money on this channel
please do consider subscribing as well
for more crazy content button that thank
you again so much we can I'll see you
guys in the next one good Wow
