everyone down here welcome back to
another video where today I'm not gonna
lie I had zero ideas of what to record
today and then it came to me I've been
using snapchat or recently and they have
a really cool feature where you can face
what people but I don't have anyone
right here to face what we have so
they've come up with a great solution
where you can actually face WAP with any
picture in your camera roll that's
recognized as a face so I snapshotted
loads of celebrities and put them on my
phone I should probably get rid of those
after this video though but I asked you
guys on Twitter who I should face up
with but I've got a really cool
selection so let's get started this this
is gonna be epic and through the power
of editing there I am so we're gonna
start with something very simple first I
cannot wait to show you this one it's a
baby oh my goodness I look so smooth and
cute this is what I would look like
freshly born if I had this hair like a
day zero oh it's so creepy look into my
eyes look into my eyes look into my eyes
I can't believe that works so well are
it's so weird I don't where to look
sorry if I'm looking this way but I need
to look straight into the camera oh my
word that is so weird so take it from
very very young to very very old oh oh
no I don't like that I don't like that
at all back to baby that's better
oh my word that supposed to be an old
man makes me like a tea bag what what
with my stammers when must I was haha
look at that picture look at that fits
that is possibly the worst picture I've
ever taken in my life actually
definitely it's definitely the worst
picture I've ever taken okay so from
this very very old tea bag man to old
lady
oh I've got to be yellow I'm gonna be
yellow this looks a lot better than the
tea bag man though hey I don't even look
too old in this one but this one nah nah
so from the very very simple to the very
very famous it's Miley Cyrus everyone oh
my new watch what is happening with my
lip let's try make the same face and see
if it matches no but it definitely
doesn't what is going on with my lip
whoa other thing there's any way I can
make this look good
definitely not so we also have Kim
Kardashian whoa look how smooth my faces
I look so kawaii look at that so cool oh
my goodness those eyebrows as well
oh my way let's go back to that one yes
I'm Kim
the queen of selfies and this is what
Kim would look like with blue hair as
well maybe you should try out Kim am I
look quite good on you and cuz we've
done Kim of course we're gonna have to
do mister Kanye West yeah got it it is
what Kanye wouldn't like to be smiled
that looks so weird
ah look at him yeah it's like the
standard Kanye face as well and then we
have Kanye West's happy alter ego dj
khaled may joke II don't know it's only
cool when he says it doesn't make me
look cool at all but look at that our
skin also matches and oh oh oh I didn't
even know you could do that I was just
gonna show off my mustache look at that
look at that mustache yes I might rock
what nah I'm not gonna rock one of those
don't worry I'll just I'll just look at
it through a snapchat filter oh my
goodness that is awesome bless up and
she can't believe how good these are
that's also right moving on to a run
Weezy for you Oh for you Harry Potter
fans out there what why is he so he's
like got a ginger face as well that'll
even look like if so we're gonna move on
to Harry Potter himself out let's run
away with glasses let's move my hair
away a bit hey I have been chosen as a
wizard
I am always it finally haha we got em
Leviosa oh that's so creepy oh that's so
creepy
haha and then we're gonna move on moving
on to one of the most respected people
in the world
mister Obama himself are ya I'm so
jealous of how cool Obama looks all the
time look look how cool he looks look at
our picture this Turtles is cold I just
love that it's so cool and if this is
what all celebrity
these would look like we crazy blue hair
as well I like Obama you should try out
sometime okay and the next two are
big-time celebrities burst one beeps
there's beads piece has really big
eyebrows look like I'm really pink lips
ah yeah Biebs you should definitely rock
the blue fringe definitely look at that
is it too late to say sorry now yes yes
it is that looks terrific and then
Taylor Swift whoa
that's why I like with makeup I don't I
don't even mind that look at my lips
they look so good me me me me me me very
nice very nice indeed
22:22 hey hey Justin what I hear you're
feeling 22 Oh what happened here this is
supposed to be a Facebook with Jemma
warts that looks so weird why are they
good oh oh no it doesn't work we've got
two sets of tea ha ha I can also face
what with my two pair Oh toy oh joy
yours
whoa I like some kind of weird rabbit
hey that's really creepy
and what happens if you face whop with
an Instagram edit oh I like something
from a horror film look at those teeth
no that's so weird
no look our picture I think I'm gonna be
sick mmm we should delete that instantly
and look at look what I just found out
you can do look you can literally almost
rip the face off look Oh
I'm ripping the mouth off oh that's so
weird Kanye I don't want you on my face
anymore I'm gonna rip you off oh oh it's
away look it's like a crushed car game
hey there you go guys that's pretty much
all I've got time for today I hope you
enjoyed this impudent over maybe like to
see more than a mikvah thumbs up that'd
be greatly appreciated and if this
happens to be the first video you see by
me then please do consider subscribing
for more very strange videos like this
before not thank you so much watching
I'll see you guys in the next video
and by I'm sorry
