hey everyone Dan here and welcome back
to another video where today I've got a
really cool video to show you because I
was going through my channel I was
checking my videos and stuff and then I
found this yeah it says dantdm sings his
intro but I've never sung my intro so
either someone has stolen my voice or
there's been a very funny video edit
that we are just about to watch survive
further ado let's check this video out
together I've not watched it on purpose
just so that I can save this reaction so
let's see what is going on here he says
dantdm sings his intro and in brackets
the red one has been chosen it looks
like it's a clip from from my super sour
challenge on my main channel so let's
take a look this Sawa's guns my brain so
here we go
musics coming in oh the right one has
been chosen okay I see why it says the
red one has been chosen now I complain
for god I said that I'm pretty sure
those were the worst sour-sweet
I've ever had in my life I had a scab on
my tongue for a week and I couldn't even
taste anything for that time period
don't eat crazy amounts of sour sweets
it's a very very bad idea right let's
continue the drop is about to come in
here we go
I need to stop oh my gosh that was not
what I was expecting
okay I did sing my intro let's go back a
little bit rise again I'm sorry I had to
stop that lets also I appreciate that
freeze-frame for a second all the extra
frame dollars that was amazing ease it
into our faces all this is epic no one
kills me every time
look what hair color is well it's so
different to this what oh this is epic
run it like a 1000 the breakdown
haha are you towards that again
oh no it's so cool that was really
really cool I love that it also has 1.1
million views whoa
that's insane so I was looking for this
guy's channel out of interest and
there's another video called err TS I
hope I said that properly which is the
person who made this the video the remix
it says ed Rios is deepest secret it has
me in the thumbnail so let's watch this
one too while we're here and see what
happens okay
there's him there's cats there's the
video we just watched
what's it gonna say what's it gonna say
each race are you secretly the driver by
card those glasses you know what
when I had my brown hair we actually
look fairly similar that's cool and
that's a very cool mug I like that
respect for the mug I knew this day
would come
so finally realize my deepest secrets
what Dan here welcome back to another
they proposed a hahahaha I have changed
my face that was alright him that was
cool though that was really cool like
that a lot oh man better guys that's
pretty much all I had planned for
today's video that was a really cool
remix if you wanna check it out listen
to again then I'll leave links to both
videos in the description below
it's a person humanics i can't describe
or say your name properly thank you that
was really really awesome I loved it
yeah that's pretty much it for me to
enjoy this video I would like to see
more than please me a big fat thumbs up
I just want to quickly say thank you for
the spore on this channel the past three
videos have got to about 2 million
viewers each which is absolutely insane
thank you I'm so glad that you're
enjoying these videos that I'm having so
much fun making the pop that do either
like on the video if you did enjoy and
its absence be the first video you seen
on this channel then please do consider
subscribing as well for more crazy stuff
so once again thank you for watching
I'll see you guys in the next one you
can also follow me on Twitter in
description below to if you do so wish
for more weird ramblings and things I'll
see you guys in the next one good bye
