everyone down here and welcome back to
another video I hope you're having a
really awesome day and I certainly am
because I have found a really cool app
that I wanted to share with you guys and
it's a voice changer now through the
magic of editing you should now see my
iPhone screen oh yeah and the app that
we're going to be using as I mentioned
it's the voice changer so we need to
record a message that we can change the
voice of now what could I choose you are
watching the greatest video ever you are
watching the greatest video ever yeah of
course you are of course you are so that
is my normal voice as you well know but
if I press this button in the middle you
will see a massive array of stuff on
here that we can change this voice into
so let's start with something a very
simple let's start with echo let's just
start with something really simple you
are watching the greatest video mm what
it's like it's like there's five of me
oh that was really creepy but kind of
cool at the same time ah son why you be
so bright I'm sorry if the brightness
keeps changing the Sun is actually out
today which is kind of nice right then
so next we're gonna try robe are you
ready I've always wanted to be a robot
you are watching the greatest video ever
that was really cool ah that's what I
would sound like if you had a dantdm
life-size robot standing next to you
right now and if I did happen to be that
kind of robot the Lightning's energy
lunch sir yes yes I would I would like
you to make me lunch wait that's me okay
okay let's try helium next oh my god
decide what's better on that the robot
or the helium that's awesome
that is amazing Oh robot - if there were
two robots of me and this was the second
version this is what it sounded like I'm
sneaky freaky Souls oh no no you're not
squeaky you're freaky I don't buy that
version of the robots it's not friendly
slow helium awesome
Blake is glee geez Greinke and it's fast
helium you couldn't even hear it
properly Oh backwards York City FC
Buicks beauty of silver I don't even
know what to say about that that was a
little bit weird but I had an idea I'm
gonna try and record a word backwards
and then see if playing it backwards
plays it normally something sense all
their hello
words it actually works
hello hello well what else could I do
Nashik the ocean it always worked it
sounded like I was trying to do the word
cushion because there's one staring me
in the sink over there that sounded
really weird but it's true and it
sounded like the ocean I was kind of
doing Japanese wrong
haunting I'm gonna need to record a
different voice for this I am the ghost
of Dan
woods that was so freaky it's bad again
no no no no let's check it change that
to another one let's go for lower I have
a pretty low voice anyway so let's see
how this comes out sounds funny the way
I said it at the end that was yeah I
should probably not make my voice go any
lower but what about higher let's try
that that sounded more like a ghost oh
man that was crazy
let's try a weird one alien oh no no no
no no no that's that's a little bit
weird what about this one that's better
but I feel like I need a different
message on this one
give me your vehicles now what would I
sound like if I was a snail huh whee
that's so slow that's so slow it's only
halfway through say you stop it stop
that so weird I can sound like a guitar
we come here we come to take your bait I
wish my guitar sounded like that that
would be awesome you play it you play a
chord and that sound comes out that
would be perfect what about fast super
fast here we go we come in peace we've
come to take your bagels that that's
that's really fast what about the
slowest it can go we come in peace we've
come to take too slow I can't listen to
it I might be slower than the snail we
did though
let's try fan we come in me no way it
works so if you have one of the normal
desktop spinny fans around triumph turn
it on full speed and then talk into it
we come in
sounds exactly like this your baby okay
let's do one more to finish it off
mosquito
what would I sound like files a mosquito
huh sure I don't like that so I would
sound like that if I was a mosquito
flying around your room that would be me
no it well get it out of here
alright guys that's gonna pretty much
wrap it up for today's video I really
hope you enjoyed it was just messing
around a little app and I thought it was
quite fun and if you did - there please
me a big fat thumbs up that'd be greatly
appreciated and also this happens to be
the first video you seen by me then
please do consider subscribing for more
crazy weird videos but apart from that
thank you again so much for watching you
can follow me on Twitter if you do so
wish in description below I'll see you
guys in the next one good bye
