everyone down here welcome back to
another video now first up I really
really sorry that I haven't uploaded on
this channel since Christmas I've been
very busy with the other channel but
I've had some really good ideas for this
channel so bear with me but today's
video is all about yesterday which was
April 1st which is also known as April
Fool's Day now there were lots of pranks
flying about left right and center
because it's the Internet but you guys
actually decided to pull a prank on me
which I decided to talk to you about
today so let's flip over to my phone
real quick and open Instagram because
that's where you guys trolled me and
I've already got 14% battery so I better
make this snappy
there we go just chill it on my
Instagram page just checking through it
and then I noticed this look at the
comments on this picture now these are
from a day ago that it's kind of chilled
out now but April 1st 24 hours ago loads
and loads of comments say pug tato I was
like look they're everywhere they're
absolutely everywhere just potato potato
potato and I was like why on earth this
is happening I haven't told anyone to go
on my Instagram to say potato did I that
I got confused myself wondering if I'd
done it and then I went on all my other
comments and it was there too Luke
potato people posting hit
letter-by-letter oh my good potato
potato
it's not too bad on this picture but my
most recent one it was absolutely
everywhere but then I found out what you
guys are up to
I was just casually scrolling through my
photos of me because there's stuff like
this on it but then I start to see this
pop up look for the one with the white
background and the black letters so I
clicked on it and it says this now this
is the oldest one I can find I have no
idea whose side this but it says on
April Fool's I want everyone to come in
potato on Dan's recent post and that is
why you saw so many potatoes or I saw so
many potatoes on my Instagram thanks
guys
look at it it's every
we're from this account this account
this one this one this one then so many
accounts to reapportion though you could
see them all up here and they all did it
everyone else did it and it was
hilarious so I just wanted to use this
video to show that you guys because I
thought it was hilarious that you guys
actually teamed together on Instagram to
prank me and I know there's a massive
community of TDM edit pages that are all
friends on Instagram I just wanted to
say to you guys thank you for doing
these awesome Instagram pages because
they're really fun to see you do some
crazy edits and it looks like you've
become really really good friends some
of you over the TDM edits pages so if
you own one of these
whether I've seen it or not I try to see
it as many as possible and like as much
on Instagram as possible then thank you
the pages are awesome so it's pretty
much all I wanted to show you guys I
know it's a little bit short but that's
kind of the direction I want to go with
videos on this channel is I want to make
sure little videos about what I found
what I'm doing anything funny
interesting about me and just whatever I
feel like uploading that doesn't go on
the first channel so if you want to see
more videos like this one short sweet
but hopefully enjoyable for you there
please see a big fat thumbs up that
would be awesome and if this happens to
be the first time you've seen this
channel hey I hope you enjoy it
and make sure you let subscribers for
more crazy funny things so I promise you
I won't leave you hanging it as long as
I did between this video on the last one
I'm really sorry I hope you glad this is
back and I'll see you guys in the next
video goodbye
