guys it's Christmas Merry Christmas guys
it's half past eight it's early but it's
Christmas I'm wearing my YouTube
Christmas jumper as as it's meant to be
and we just got up I want to pick up
some family and now we got downstairs
and we're ready to open presents so I'll
probably make most of this video like a
montage thing because I don't want to be
just like sticking a camera people's
face and stuff because it's meant to be
a time where people just chill out and I
want to chill out too so I hope you
enjoyed this video I hope you had an
amazing Christmas you're watching this
today after unboxing day so I'm having a
great time off of your family friends
had great presents and all that good
stuff so Merry Christmas guys
you
you
you
guys I'm not going to lie to you it's
the day after bar quickly go over what
happened on Christmas Day so basically
you seen a little montage already we had
go up open our presents cook dinner and
then we literally like chilled out for a
bit then more family came out and we
just played like Wii U for the rest of
the day so I didn't vlog much I'm really
really sorry but I kind of uses my day
off and I still got some of it for you
guys but wife I do now to make up for it
show you some of the stuff by GOx it's
really really cool
you've seen some of it already but uh
I'm gonna go through some of it now it's
all sitting in front of me right here
that looks incredibly awkward but what
are the coolest things is this is a
dressing gown that are my sister-in-law
made me all got custom-made and it's got
like my TDM logo on it and I'm Dan TDM
this is upside down but written on the
back it's absolutely insane they got my
logo like perfect on it as well that is
pretty insane so if you're watching this
video thank you thank you so much I also
got a few minecraft things which you
would have already seen but one of these
iron golems I didn't even know they did
this and iron golem - one of my favorite
mobs they're just so awesome and yeah
it's huge that this is the size of my
hand this is the site of the actual
thing it's crazy cool and also just at
the bottom here got this minecraft Lego
set let me just move some of this of the
nether so it's got like Steve it's got
Alex it's got ghasts blazes Lumbee pig
man's loads of cool stuff and it looks
epic it's gonna take me literally years
to build a reckon oh let me just get it
out and there it is look at it nether
fortress nether set it's looking insane
and I'm hoping this does actually fire
because that would be incredible I
cannot wait to try this out look at this
you can actually like customize it
yourself as well as little moving parts
on B pig man's falling over look you can
kill the zombie Pigman zhan purpose the
gasps looks like it does fire oh man I
am so excited to build that I might make
a video on it let me know if you want me
to do that it'd probably take a while
but I think I'll make a pretty cool
video we've done the micro nether set
before and the end set and stuff so yeah
let me know if you on that
also another my
in Christine thing like even know
existed is a Minecraft card game like I
don't even know how that's gonna work
but um yeah it looks really cool might
even make a video on that as well me and
Jim could play it see how it's going to
see if you guys want to try out as well
I never even knew there was a Minecraft
card game but there you go now this guy
is one of my favorites so I'm as you
know I love Voldemort from Harry Potter
and this it's a little kind of knitted
version of Voldemort it's so cool and
he'll go perfect with my little pop
figure of Voldemort as well super
awesome gem got me this an absolute love
him look into his eyes just just look
into his eyes he's beautiful I also got
a lot of awesome sweets and stuff this
is a whole sour sweet bundle so this
could make some really fun videos at
some point oh jeez
thinking about that toxic waste it's the
craziest sour sweet ever got lots of
cloves as well a lots of cool stuff from
bringing a horizon store which gem got
me which I'm super happy about cells
meant to buy some of those never did oh
these are really cool as well so I need
to put these up in my room but look TDM
in light up letters these are probably
one of my favorite presents I'm not
going to look at them they're so cool
and their battery operates they don't
need to be plugged in either oh my
goodness they are so awesome they're
gonna go perfect in my office my try and
get them so they're in the background of
my videos I might try and do that I put
them at the back somewhere oh and Jeff
also got me these which are cute little
pug socks
look at those she also got me these
which I'm now wearing and now covered in
poker already like little comfy trousers
I like to wear and these now this is
brave so buy me shoes is very very brave
because I'm quite picky but I love them
look at them very very nice love the
color I love this little red bit at the
side as well absolutely love them so
that's pretty much what I got the main
thing was just like hanging out with
family was a super awesome um thinking
about it I got some really really
awesome stuff so if you're watching you
gave me some list and thank you so much
greatly appreciated but Christmas was
super fun just to chill out with the
family and have that Christmas dinner I
showed you earlier
it tasted as good as it looked it was
amazing oh and I also got some of this
stuff too lots more sweets
ah so this left to say is I hope you
guys had an absolutely fantastic
Christmas you're watching this on Boxing
Day so I hope you had a great day after
Christmas as well I've got a few cool
videos coming out today including this
one I guess but I just want to say thank
you so much watching vlogmas day is the
end of rockness because we don't really
do much for New Year's so thank you so
much for watching these videos I think
there was 21 in total including this one
so I hope you enjoyed them if you did a
thumbs up would be awesome and vlogs
will go back to normal on this channel I
will be doing them daily anymore but
we'll still be doing like funny
challenges and stuff we've got them sour
sweet to do them with now you better
watch out or I better watch out anyway
so um yeah it will go back to normal and
thank you for the massive support on
vlogmas you guys been watching it like
crazy checking out the channel as I went
from brown hair to blonde hair to green
to blue all the way from the 1st of
December to Christmas so thank you so
much for watching guys I hope you
enjoyed I hope you have a fantastic
Christmas and New Year coming up and
I'll see you guys in the next video good
