good morning guys how's it going it's
Christmas Eve well for you guys it's as
to Christmas Day so Merry Christmas I
hope you've had a good one so far so
today is a lot of planning I've been up
since 7:00 a.m. please be proud of me
that was rough it was like still pitch
dark I was like surely it can't be 7:00
a.m. when it's pitch dark but it was so
uh I got up took the pin out because
normal things and then I recorded a bit
of Christmas countdown and then I
recorded a whole escapist episode which
you'd already seen already but it was
the best escapist episode I have ever
recorded it was so so lucky and we kind
of needed it we needed the luck after
losing all our stuff so right now we are
going to go and get some more food we
did that yesterday but we're going to
get our proper foods like turkey
vegetables all the other stuff potatoes
all that stuff that we need for our
Christmas dinner tomorrow I'm excited
I'm so so excited Ellie are you excited
she's not happy that we got for like 7
a.m. well I've up at 7 a.m. they didn't
they got up a like half 9 maybe and
they're still super angry does you're a
little bit more awake aren't you just a
little bit how you doing it's Christmas
Eve out you can't believe it's Christmas
Eves come around so quick anyway we is
gonna get some boot it's gonna be mayhem
shopping trip dog that was actually a
really painless experience last time we
waited for about at least an hour to try
and get our food but this time walked in
with our trolley and got it instantly
now this is what we've got prepared for
Christmas dinner so we've got these
classic there's not many of them oh wait
there's two as good then we've got big
boxes of stuff this is a big vegetable
box and we also have this which is a big
buffet box look mini hot dogs bagels
whatever that is there's like an open
heart burgers ham that slid all the way
down packet - gravy we've got more hams
what's in here oh my goodness for future
stick to bread and the turkey bond I
need to show you guys the turkey
watch the tokyo boston tokyo there we go
look at that look at that covered in
bacon I can't wait to eat that tomorrow
and tastes so good but for now I've got
a little bit of a treat
McDonald's cause we run looking for a
Starbucks so it's supposed to have built
near us and the signs up but it doesn't
exist we drove in it just wasn't there
so we have to sell for McDonald's
instead which isn't too bad
so we follow this stuff away I use more
videos so they can actually have
tomorrow off and then it's Christmas all
the way from there look how good I can't
go over how nice this turkey looks your
bacon on we've got all this stuff loads
of vegetables all in nice easy packages
so we can just literally take them out
cook them it's all nice and easy or
hopefully anyway it's what we did last
year and it worked then we've got all
this but the evening man stuff is
looking good I'm so excited now the food
is my favorite part about Christmas and
the Starbucks wasn't open by got a very
very nice hot chocolate from McDonald's
but now the hard work begins because I
need to get I've already got one video
done for today
hopefully animation will go up tomorrow
for Christmas day and then I need to get
the Christmas countdowns done so lots of
hard work I would love to be finished by
4:00 but I don't know if that's gonna
happen we got some people coming around
some family for some food later it's
going to be a stressful one but
hopefully now I've got my wrapping done
that was the main thing now I've got
that dunks I don't wanna be spending
Christmas Eve night like 2 a.m.
wrapping presents I want to be sleeping
because I got up so early this morning
but hot chocolate full belly I'm ready
to work
sneak videos all systems go I just been
outside to take some rubbish and stuff
it is freezing cold you know and I said
the other day it was like a good
temperature like good average
temperature for December it's just
changed real quick
I have I ever shown you the snow globe
look how awesome this is but watch to
put upside down give it a shake it's
super heavy Nicole awesome Alex oh man
feeling so Christmas
I'm getting to the end of my Christmas
countdown I'm doing Christmas videos is
Christmas absolutely everywhere on
Twitter online
I'm feeling Christmasy we're just about
to have fun some parents over ah no that
wasn't what I was arming at all this is
awkward
but yeah I feel really really
Christmassy go family come around as I
said everything was just go go look so
coming around in like an hour ish I
haven't finished my video so I don't
even start might be over tomorrow my
animation is done though which is good I
just need to upload it that's a good
safe I've at least got one video but I
can't kind of like skimp and just do one
video because I've got Christmas
countdown to do but I had a cool idea
that can kind of help me to make it
quicker which should be awesome because
the main storylines over but then I
couldn't have like fun on the last day
which is Christmas Day yes also I've got
to move this stuff which is all pokemon
cards so a lot of you guys would another
one of my first Emma channels which got
me into YouTube really was Pokemon so
check this up got all these cars later I
played the Pokemon Trading Card Game
I still remember how to play it but
there's a lot of good cards in here and
all of this is full of cards as well
nice move upstairs though it's so cool
going through the more makes you want to
play again there's like pre-made decks
here and everything there's a lot of
rare cards in all these folders I really
wish I could start playing again by
starting off the time guys I know I'm
looking blue right now not just the hair
the whole face and everything right now
but this is very very important it's
time for the last door there it is
number 24 let's open it what's it gonna
be
um guys I might have broken it of course
24 is the hardest one ever to get open
I've completely demolished this one more
sleep sets enter one more sleep
that's exactly right Santa what's it
gonna be
ah what is that what is what is that is
it a Santa face I have no idea what that
is
yeah the calendar is complete and the
reason why I'm talking so quietly is
because it's 20 to 1 in the morning so
technically it's Christmas Day ah you
guys are watching this one Christmas Day
anyway so Merry Christmas guys I hope
you're having an amazing time right now
with family friends or whatever you do
at Christmastime I hope you have an
amazing day you guys deserve it so what
I'm doing right now is uploading the
last Christmas countdown I've got really
cool animation going up tomorrow as well
so I'm just checking that through before
I upload it and yeah today went really
really quickly again now tomorrow is
probably going to go even quicker
because Christmas day is here and it's
going to be awesome I am looking forward
to the food so much I cannot wait I'm
not looking forward to cooking it but it
should be fun either way so guys I'm
sorry if this was uploaded late because
I'm after edit and uploaded on Christmas
Day but I hope you enjoyed it anyway if
you did please leave a thumbs up that
would be awesome again have an amazing
Christmas now see you guys tomorrow
