okay ah hi welcome to another vlog where
today I wasn't and she going to vlog at
all because this vlog is probably going
to be very similar to yesterday's I'm
even gonna start it what I've already
made a video today which is already
quite different which is good because
it's 5 to 2 instead of 3 p.m. and oh I'm
just loading a Pokemon go and had a
really cool screen I'm gonna close it
and open it up again just because it
looked that cool and that's another
thing it's gonna be similar so Pokemon
go I'm still looking for a ditto but
they've just released a new update
yesterday which makes ultra Christmassy
there it is there it is focus look at
that that's so cool and the updates are
they've added in well to rat stars our
spawn so that haven't changed but
they've added in new baby pokémon like
clever and Pichu I'm pretty sure and
also the Christmas Pikachu
so Pikachu spawn rate is upped and also
wears a Christmas hat and you can evolve
it into a Christmas right you which is
pretty cool so I'm going to take Darcy
for a walk and see if I can find one is
this a Ditto no to normal Rattata I feel
like I'm always playing roulette with
these Ratatosk just because I always
think what if it's a dit so what if it's
a what if it's a really bad this is so
difficult to do come on come on yeah
there we go is it lit oh is it at it oh
it's not because the rats don't want it
to pop out it's a 249 as well I don't
know if this is gonna be one please
everyone else did those but me to the
orange Rattata come on come on come on
there we go is it gonna say oh no it's a
rabbit are all this mr. mimes nearby
cool I got one of those yesterday I
guess while I'm here I can update all my
Pokemon too
so these are my top three I've got a
Lapras a Vaporeon and a king now that
Lapras I hatched in New York this one
right here and it is a beast and then I
powered out with all the Lapras kind of
like ox I think I got like 20 candies
with it which was crazy because I could
I could power up to 191
my most powerful by far if you follow -
mm don't comment in the comment section
down below because I am I'll get jealous
tip line is um take dusty for a walk to
my final with these Christmas Pikachu's
and make more videos because I'm also
filming a days this week I think I've
got to filming days
a pug Christmas party this week as well
so I need three days off she's going to
be difficult let's go
unfortunately with it the whole walk and
I didn't find a single Pikachu got a
mister mine I guess but they're not
really that rare anymore now it's a
little bit later in the day it is now
5:00 p.m. because I've made a few videos
and I did something really cool on
Pokemon Sun and Moon which is kind of
changed the way I'm going to do videos
today but first I want to fire up a
Pokemon go one more time and see if I
can get one of those festive Pikachu's
in my kitchen because that's happened to
me before I went out fine to try and
find a mr. mime and I didn't find one
fired up the app in my office and found
one literally where I sit all day so
let's see if the magic can happen for me
today I know a lot of people are getting
them Pikachu's usually pretty rare but
people are finding them all the time
they're saying that it's quite a hire
born right is that a Pikachu guys I've
just been trolled by this look doesn't
this look like a Pikachu right there
doesn't that like a Pikachu but in fact
it is something completely different
it's a Kakuna I thought it was a Pikachu
so Matt what I didn't find is a differe
which is kind of annoying even though I
caught so many piggies and rat stars
it's unreal no literally nothing but as
I said I did something cool on my
Pokemon sonamoo game check it out I
finally got the 100% pokedex check it
out eyes yes and why that is cool is
because I can now go ahead and get
myself an item a very special item
called a shiny charm which you can only
get if you complete the pokédex 100% if
you've owned every single Pokemon in the
Pokedex
and that means I can get shiny pokemon a
lot better well I have a better chance
of finding one so I was going to do two
videos today wondering instead is one
video and a pokemon stream see if we can
finally get that shiny pokemon now we
have better odds what I need to do
before I do that is edit today's vlog
which you would have seen already so I
need to do that so you just go up in
about an hour
and then in two hours I'm going to do my
stream I'm excited it should be awesome
I really really hope we can get that
shine
but for now I need to do some editing I
told you this blog would be almost
exactly the same as the one yesterday
why why why why okay here we go it is
time to get streaming two videos alive
already and now I'm going to get
streaming our last time I streamed had
pretty much a 20,000 a strong audience
of you guys for the whole Pokemon stream
which is impressive for Pokemon suno I
wasn't playing minecraft wasn't playing
roblox that was impressive by did stream
two hours later than I am today so
hopefully we'll get some more people
shiny hunting and hopefully now we've
got the shiny charm get that shiny
pokemon I'm so high but I still use
makeup on now and I don't to be too late
so I'll see you guys when the stream is
over so I'm actually halfway through my
stream right now as you can see we've
got the the stream going on just here
say hi guys say hi so I'm actually live
right now I randomly cracked open
Pokemon go and look who showed up
a Sansa Pikachu and I'm not even outside
I'm in my office I just thought I'd
crack it open and see if I can catch it
so let's even get this guy okay stream
done which is also my streams like
longer than I was supposed to but we
didn't get a shiny which is annoying but
uh hey you know what the shiny charm
just needs to warm up a little bit
that's fine but man we caught the
Pikachu I'm gonna show you guys it
properly
here it is 106 CP which is terrible
we'll look the gold cute that is it's so
awesome I can't believe we actually got
it that's so cool and sitting literally
at my desk so definitely keep opening
your Pokemon go wherever you are trying
to find some of these Pikachu's because
they're definitely out there and they
have a much higher spawn rate right now
which is awesome so you are definitely
about to find them and collect those
candies to be able to evolve it into a
Christmas Santa right ooh that's really
dark see ya on today's actually being it
really awesome I'm not too sure what a
flop I think it was a lot of Pokemon go
so apologies for that but I hope you
enjoyed it anyway and I'm going to end
out this vlog here so I can go and I'm
chill out with the pugs and gem of
course and just chill
because streams definitely definitely
wipe me out but I'm thanks again for the
support you guys are awesome if you came
to the stream thank you you are
especially awesome and if you miss the
stream you can go and check it out if
you like but spoiler alert we didn't get
the shiny which is annoying now I think
I'm actually going to skip vlogging
tomorrow because I have a lot of main
channel videos to make because I'm doing
some cool filming on Thursday and Friday
so I don't want to have the stress about
making this vlog too and it probably
won't be that interesting either so I'm
sorry there won't be a blog tomorrow but
the day after will be the beginning of
me vlogging my cool filming for this
secret project that I've been talking
about
hopefully I'll give you some sneak peeks
too because add some sneak peeks today
myself and it's looking awesome so sorry
there'll be a blog tomorrow I hope you
enjoyed this one anyway if you did
thumbs up would be great and I'll see
you guys in the next one good bye
