everyone welcome to vlogmas now today
for me it is Christmas Eve Eve but for
you guys at home it is Christmas Eve and
I'll be in the evening as well so I hope
you guys are excited so today's vlog is
going to be a little bit different
because I didn't finish making videos
till 8 p.m. I had to get over the whole
ending of minecraft story mode if you
haven't seen yet go and see it it's
tragic and then I did Christmas
countdown and then I did my vlog which
went up late but it's all good so good
so it's currently half-past eleven in
the evening and I'm not feeling too
tired so what I thought I'd do instead
of doing all my wrapping tomorrow is do
it now but to save the boring wrapping
for myself and for you guys in the blog
which would not be interesting at all
it's do a Q&A because uh why not do a
Christmas themed Q&A or just like a
normal Q&A while I wrap presents I also
dyed my hair again today made a more
blue hopefully it does appear more blue
anyway I've got a few presents to wrap
I am hoping that I've got enough because
I ain't got a chance if I want to buy
more stuff because tomorrow is Christmas
for you guys in two days from now it's
Christmas so I'm gonna do some rapping
I'm going to set my camera somehow and
I'm gonna answer your guys's questions
so let me tweet actually I should
probably record a video message instead
that would be quite cool actually here
we go
there we go that's what I am going to
post so I need to I've never done this
before trim that and then it's on there
so I'm using the hashtag TDI and
Christmas um
don't start posting questions now
because obviously these questions are
going to be in this blog so don't post
questions now but here we go
so wait get out of here there we go so
it should there we go look it's right
here hopefully questions will start
pouring in if not then I'm gonna be very
very lonely in this room but I need to
stop this camera so I don't need to hold
it so I can wrap and um yeah let's get
this Q&A story the way this is gonna
work is that I can't really show you
what I'm wrapping but I'm gonna go
through Twitter while I'm wrapping and
sort house some stuff I can't even
remember what I even bought so this is
gonna be fun for me and fun for you as
well oh yeah I completely remember that
I bought these ages ago and I haven't
even taken about the boxes first
question is and I'm not about to put
like any fancy text or anything on the
screen I'm afraid I'm sorry but this is
just like a casual Q&A but Bex Ricketts
xxxx asks what is your usual Christmas
routine well to be honest we've only had
this house for like a year so our first
proper house where it's big enough that
we can have family round and stuff and I
need to sellotape e and the paper yeah
on that Wow Wow it's run out already
yeah it's the second Christmas we've
really had a house is big enough to
actually host people which is pretty
awesome so we've got our last here we
had as you saw in the previous about 15
people round for dinner which was insane
cuz you know I'm the one them cooks but
today tomorrow well Christmas day we're
gonna have five people around for dinner
including us - so that's good that is
good so usually we just like get up in
the morning use about sevenish
open presents chill have a tea a
breakfast and then family you she stays
around the day before and then we have
the meal and then we chill some more and
sleep off
we don't sleep off we just kind of chill
out and um get rid of our food babies
after we've eaten and then um we move on
to the evening we have more family
around have a buffet so it's all about
the food of our family all about the
food morale Tom asks what you love more
about Christmas presents or family now
the presents for me are not a big thing
at all I really love giving presents
which is a really really fun bit about
Christmas um I would say family by far
just being able to chill out for a day
because you guarantee no one has work
absolutely there are people have work
and well apart from like police officers
and stuff but most people don't have
work and then you can just chill out for
a whole day eating food and just having
fun with your family which is one of the
coolest bits about Christmas for me
anyway
I am so bad wrapping presents look at
that what on earth is that oh man
terrible name yeah oh I think I broke it
oh these are pretty cool ah okay KK
underscore awesome seven eight one two
asks do you get the puppies Christmas
gifts if so what do you get them um
they of course they get Christmas gifts
they probably end up with the most
amount of Christmas gifts it is in st.
but uh lose you get them like toys
clothes I mean anything the pugs would
enjoy food of course but um you can
guarantee that they're going to end up
with one of the most the biggest pile of
presents anyway I've decided as well I
don't really like this wrapping paper
now but there's not really thing I can
do about it now
now this one is a lot better yes it
looks like a jumper can you see that
it's cool isn't it oh my goodness my
wrapping is horrendous I'm sorry but it
does just get ripped anywhere yes I
freshly charged my camera before doing
this QA and it's already almost dead I
mean what's going on with that so let's
answer a few questions
Jojo the fangirl asks what's your
favorite part about the holiday season
I actually really like wintery weather
that's one of my favorite parts of it
else just the whole being able to spend
time of your family more I guess just
having like free time that's kind of
cool I like the food food and drink yes
that's one of my favorite things by far
of the holiday season food and drink
yeah I have being able to do special
kind of Christmasy holiday themed videos
as well I love that bit Hey I'm wrapping
these pretty quickly you know I need to
choose another one of these oh geez
we'll go in everywhere and I need to
choose another question as well I'm
wrapping them quickly but that's not
always a good thing because the good
look and will look absolutely messy and
terrible come on let's get this tag or
looking good done dress the three
presents on already okay new question oh
this is good Kaitlyn dubeck asks what is
your favorite Christmas movie and she's
also put six unicorn emojis and three
diamond emojis good choice of emojis are
my favorite Christmas movie I really
really love the Polar Express which i
think is an adaptation of the American
Christmas story like we have one in our
England that's like a rhyme twas the
night before Christmas but the Polar
Express such an amazing film and the
animation and stuff of it is so good and
of course a film called elf I'm sure you
guys know that film
that's an amazing one - what is in this
gift see I can't even remember motion
things I bought ah
oh yes hahaha That moment when you just
cut the wrapping paper this two shorts
this much ah no why am i trying to wrap
oh jeez ah okay problem solved it works
the other way I ripped it it's probably
the worst wrapped one so far it's
looking good though I'm where all the
sticky ticks these are amazing just
being able to pull these off and stick
them right on
yes very invented these amazing job
this is a pretty big box I have no idea
what's in here why can't I remember any
of the things like what it's really
crushed as well postman why are you
crushing my stuff oh yeah this one's
really cool when it's absolutely massive
I might say that one till last yeah
definitely Oh guys check this out I'm
gonna clean up now oh I didn't think
about that there's so much of it how am
I supposed to get the things out inside
without just getting this everywhere hey
more questions
super girly kitty asks what would you do
if you showed everyone in your family
doctor trailers on Christmas they
probably would have mined too much
because they kind of like watching my
videos I have this thing where I don't
like watching my videos I'm not sure why
in front of other people I don't know
why um but yeah I guess they wouldn't
mind too much Hey look at the weird
shape of this present here how weird is
that that's not my what that's a
combination of my bad wrapping and also
the weird shape of the present there we
go another present another question what
you guys asking me at least plays asked
would you rather be surrounded by 1000
whales or 1000 sharks and why um at
first you would think whales straight
away but sharks are really cool if I was
in a tank sharks but I absolutely love
way also 1,000 whales yes whales Martin
J Garland my son Declan who's six hey
Declan how you doing wants to know where
you ever on the naughty list and got a
bag of coal for Christmas um luckily
enough know some of the things I did
when I was younger probably deserved it
but luckily enough I was nice enough to
not get cold at Christmas which is a
good thing if you haven't got coal or
Christmas guys you done well you don't
really well
another Christmas prison in the bag
world in the wrapping this one is
probably the best one so far look at
that
um that means got a one two three four
five six I've got a good amount of
presentati I thought I didn't have
enough
so more questions let me find one nerd
Allah one one zero one asks is your skin
the one you've had the entire time you
played Minecraft and not just the
Christmas one so my like normal one with
goggles and all that good stuff I'll
know in a few of my really really early
mod showcase videos i am i used a panda
as my skin which was quite interesting
and i never stuck so I made my own which
was awesome
Sean Anthony 2005 has there ever been a
Christmas where you're open to present
when you shouldn't have you know what I
hope my dad doesn't watch this because
this is going to be revealing ok um
basically me and my brother found out
where my dad was hiding all the presents
and we suspected that one thing would be
super awesome and a Christmas Eve we
snuck to where they were
I remember they might been in a wardrobe
or something and we tore off like a
little corner like this much and saw a
logo of what it was it was a PlayStation
2 and we saw the logo we were so high to
like yes yes and that's really naughty
you shouldn't do that it's really bad it
kind of ruins the surprise of Christmas
but we were still it was awesome but I
wouldn't recommend doing it it's very
very naughty haha so my camera did
fantastically unhelpful thing of running
out of battery so I'm going to quickly
show you a little pile of presents that
I wrapped it didn't take me too long but
here they are
can you tell which one I get prepped
yeah dass are you doing haven't seen you
at all in today's vlog
thanks for saying hello wait a second
I've just been fift someone's just saved
for me oh they're eating it they eating
it
excuse me ladies what is going on here
huh what is going on did you Nick my hat
at he's going ham on it look you know my
penguin I'm not aware of my videos she
absolutely destroyed that she took the
bobble out no that's mine this is my
hats
you cannot note you cannot wear it crazy
oh hey Ellie it is the first time you've
been in the blow to stealing my hat and
eating my things but he had a penguin
bubble hat she found that as well and
she was ripping the bubble out as I wait
a second Ellie she was trying to eat it
shut all the bubbles hanging out a mouth
she's an absolute lunatic what have you
guys got now what even is that guys oh
no that's a painting that's a painting
someone did you can't do that they're
absolute thief's time to lock that door
so before I out whether vlog there's one
more thing that must be done because
yeah without you guys cuz you steal
everything um yeah there's one more
thing that must be done which is yep
I've been counting the time so what's it
gonna be behind door number 23 the
second-to-last door it's a Christmas
star there's only one door left which is
going on
excuse me puppies what is going on here
epic fights and there they go
so guys I'm gonna end today's vlog here
I actually don't have to be quite a
decent-sized one today thank you for
your questions or two I said that was
awesome and joining me while I wrap
presents that was really really cool so
if you enjoyed this some this Q&A
special vlogmas thing then please leave
in fact thumbs up that I'd be awesome
I'll see you guys tomorrow
for Christmas Eve but for you guys with
the Christmas Day that's insane
see you guys tomorrow but
