good morning everyone how are you doing
it's about 2:00 p.m. I think and I had a
pretty constructive day today I
completely forgot the minecraft story
mode was coming out today so I'm f so
for it's actually the finale even though
there's five episodes in total which is
really weird but I'm halfway through
playing it it's going to get intense
really quickly when I upload the second
part but that was fun
I also get a little bit early so I can
actually it's not out yet right now as
you're watching this video it's out but
right now it's not officially out I just
get an early copy because I can't record
it in time apart from that I've also
been to clear out all the cardboard from
our house because there was a lot of
cardboard from like present the bad
thing about doing Christmas shopping
online is you just get mad amounts of
boxes in your house so I just took all
of those to the tip and now hopefully
minecraft story mode has finished
rendering and then I can start doing the
Christmas countdown and I'll do the next
episode of story mode I want to record
it tonight because it's going to be mad
spoilers there'll be loads of spoilers
on tonight so I need to record it before
I see what going to happen but first as
the pugs know it is advent calendar time
usually I do this in the evening but I'm
gonna do it in the morning today it's a
22nd right was it the 20 seconds
definitely I didn't work it didn't work
and work and le scared she's scared of
my aggressive way of opening the
calendar come on open open open yeah
there we go don't be scared just a kind
of just a calendar Oh what's this guys
it's a it's a I wasn't a snowman I think
that's a bear that's a bear
Eddie bear you can't have it all guys
I'm sorry
she had today starting off it's a very
productive thing which is really really
good because I want to get Christmas Day
Off
obviously I'm simply uploading Christmas
Day and though her problem might have
mmm is it uploading because minecraft
story mode came out I completely forgot
that that would take up a few slots for
the day doing two videos a day so I
completely forgot that I need to get my
button moving on escapist so I might do
like a couple one 40 minute episode
instead of 20 saying to get that
finished by Christmas after Christmas
completely irrelevant because it's a
santa themed one also got a really
awesome Christmas present today I didn't
realize it was a Christmas present
it's from YouTube and it's so awesome so
I'm gonna have to show you it and it's
really good because actually I'm not
going to tell you I'll tell you in a
second it's really cool though
but first it's adventure no it's tea
time it's tea also don't you think my
hair color has changed again it's like a
really nice light blue and I'm glad it's
failing to blue this time rather than
green we don't want some green hair
again guys it's Christmas Eve Eve Eve
you were so excited you excited they got
some presents in the post from some of
their friends today didn't you
and you're real excited about it look at
these guys you would look so good in a
Santa outfit I think we put a Santa
outfit on Eddie last year she was so mad
she hates wearing clothes so it's
understandable I guess but look the
presents are building under the tree
look how cool it looks looks awesome
these these are these are pugs might fly
ornaments and they were given to me by a
fan at insomnia and they're so cool look
at them there was one there any do they
look like you but less gold took more
gold even how cool they are they're
pretty heavy as well but I thought they
were awesome if you're watching this
vlog now thank you so much there's four
in total which is awesome so you watch
this vlog thank you
they're really cool I am so tired it's
half past midnight I know I don't know
where the day has gone by I've got to
show the Christmas present that was
talking about this morning
it's from YouTube it's from YouTube
gamers to check this out I got this
awesome card with the YouTube gaming
logo and a Santa hat and inside says Dan
Congrats on a huge year wishing you a
wonderful Christmas and great start to
2016 from your friendly team of YouTube
gaming Jorge and YouTube gaming team how
cool is that but it actually gets one
stage of better they sent me a gift as
well and it is crazy cool look at this
no it's not a tablecloth it's a jumper
let me put it on real quick
ah it is perfect oh my goodness it's so
cool so now I have a Christmas jump of a
Christmas Day because our rule in this
house is to wear a Christmas jumper on
Christmas Day and I didn't actually have
one until now attached you go like the
YouTube game
a logo on it and a YouTube button it's
good so it's so cool and it's gonna be
like it's really really just like one of
all not one of a kind but there's not
many out there I don't know who else got
one but I'm feeling pretty cool in mine
I love it so YouTube if you're watching
thank you so much for my little gift
that is awesome so today guys I've
already done that advent calendar I'm
sorry that today is yesterday's the day
before his vlogs were quite short it
turned out today's vlog that I uploaded
well yesterday for you guys was actually
longer than I thought it was going to be
so I guess I didn't need to apologize
too much that but it's not been very bad
from tomorrow it's gonna be a busy as
but day it's gonna be so busy but that's
what happens when you prepare for
Christmas do running in your house like
last year if you guys watch the vlogs we
had about 15 people weren't gonna have
five this time and then more people in
the evening so little bit more
manageable but a lot more crazy still so
I'm gonna go to bed because I'm tired I
need energy for tomorrow and I need to
record some more story modes apparently
that ending is absolutely crazy I think
we talked about that already too so to
save myself repeating myself even more
I'll see you guys tomorrow if you
enjoyed please leave a fat thumbs up
that would be also going to save this
crisper jumper for Christmas day and
I'll see you guys in the next video good
