hey everyone how's it going welcome back
to vlog listen today I'm not starting
too late a little bit later than no you
know it's early too
so what am i doing right now I've just
filmed edited and what I'm rendered yet
the escapists which we're making good
progress on oh man
that episode if you haven't seen yet go
and see it it's crazy and now I am
working on Christmas countdown
cuz I've had so many requests to do it
so I'm gonna try and get it done it's
only half-past one which isn't too bad
and I've already done one video of today
because some people coming around around
3 ish so I need to get some stuff done
it is an absolutely awful day today
check this out go on look rain suffering
nastiness it's just not good Pikachu
it's not good enough but yeah we were
supposed to go to the tip today cuz you
always get at Christmas always get an
abundance of cardboard and paper and
stuff and we still got loads of
cardboard and stuff in our garage which
I need to get rid of but it's it's a
nasty day I don't really feel like doing
it today in the rain so that might have
to happen tomorrow which is fine with me
I'm hungry at the minute though so I
thought I'd get a snack and I've just
remembered I've got this little bag down
here that's got something yeah I think
it was a gift but this might have been a
gift my birthday actually yes yes
actually that might be from a fan I'm
not even short but there's some good
stuff in there oh my goodness what a
find and as I usually say you probably
should not just eat chocolate long time
it seems like a chunk all the time but
owning vlogs when I'm eating chocolate I
don't eat don't blog when I'm eating
healthy stuff just very often to be
honest what's in here oh cheese look how
cool this is
yes I love evidence oh man I can't
decide whether the chocolate ones or the
peanut ones are my favourites though I'm
going to say chocolate I'm gonna say
chocolate right that's a crack these on
these are called my inspiration lights
come on come on there we go I seem to
make better video
if the lights are on so there's a finish
making Christmas chaos might need to pop
out to the shop at some point because
running that milk and stuff yeah
Christmas is very very close December
21st
so Christmas countdown must happen today
whoa there's a light in there okay I'm
even more happy now
so the Christmas countdown has just gone
lion escape this is gone liar and the
Christmas countdown seems to be going
down very very well which is awesome now
I've just got an update downloading on
rocket League because I haven't played
it for age and I've got that date on my
laptop but not on my alien wear which
you'd have seen before but thinking of
that I thought I can't doesn't show you
the world records I'm going Rockley for
those of you that don't know so I can
actually put the why should do that I
should put the rocket league world
record on my channel why haven't I done
that yet I don't know why but I've
actually got I've got three world
records in total I can only tell you
about two of them because one of them is
not being announced for a long long time
so the first one I've got is this one
which was achieved at legends of gaming
with Tom syndicate and here's the
certificate you would have seen on this
channel already but I'm going to show
you the second one as well which you
might not seem so here you go look the
most goals scored in a game of rocket
League by a team of two was achieved by
tom cassell or syndicate and Dan
Middleton which is me down TDM both UK
alleges game alive Ally Pally London UK
at 5th of September 2015 and the record
for that was 12 I want to say 12 or 11
one of those numbers it was pretty low
to be honest we weren't well trained and
and stuff but we'll forget about it it's
a Guinness World Record believe it or
not I totally got me beaten but we set
the world I could there wasn't one to
beat so we went and did it anyway
right this second one is another one in
rocket League I don't know why I've got
I've got two World Records in rocket
League and none in Minecraft absolutely
insane but this is the next one so most
goals scored in a game of rocket e by
team of three so that is a team of two
and this is a team of three so they are
two separate world records and it was
achieved by team of three by Dante
which is me James Hayes or waggling tune
which you would know how to do the Maya
Knight stuff as well
and Martin Lillard who knows in the
little would all UK insomnia gaming
Festival on 56 in Birmingham UK on the
12th of December and that one was 41 41
goals in rocket League against a team of
three computers so you play against the
rookie skill level and we had a team of
three and that one who had played a lot
of rocket League so me waggling ting and
Martin had all played a lot of rocketing
so we had a pretty solid strategy and we
killed it we were 41 goals hopefully
that one isn't broken as quickly by the
way I thought I'd show you that and now
we're actually going play some rock
because APM I've got everything done we
can just chill tomorrow's gonna be a
busy day though man and now just been
informed that my camera needs charging
go ahead
there we go camera charge I played a lot
of rocket League a lot of the new hockey
mode is really really cool so you guys
seem to absolutely love the um the new
the Christmas countdown Diaries which
I'm really happy if you've got 15,000
likes and it's only been up for a few
hours it's literally just like exploded
it's cool it's cool I'm glad you enjoyed
it so I'm looking forward to in the next
four which would be awesome anyway I
need to show you something I went to the
shop and you guys know sweet tooth I
bought some chocolate but this is some
next-level chocolate I open the pack and
I was like what oh no I've got spot says
vlog oh that's bad or did I die please
vlog oh no I think I don't think I have
I don't think I have guys this is bad
they were distracted
please server blows it imma blows it but
how about put alive
No I've got to be like okay I'm gonna do
that the first thing to show about these
are these with chocolate I don't know if
you can get me new character teabags
there's tea bags but I'm look they're
called man-sized buttons I thought they
were just gonna be like just buttons
that were bigger than these are
absolutely huge already look how big
they are
they're absolutely massive that may be
laughs won't open them it seems a little
bit weird now but trust me was funny I
need to put that blog up now whoops it's
too dark in here for you this is better
right wait did I do this already I think
I do this every single day and think
I've done it yet
it's the 21st right I'm pretty sure is
the 21st there we go that works she's
done that all the time okay this is a
sleigh filled with what's in here a bell
yay
so guys I thought yesterday's vlog was
bad but this one this one puts it a new
level of bad but I really have not done
much today at all a lot of stuff in
preparation for the Christmas countdown
and I just play rocket League and now as
you can see from my eyes I'm super super
tired so I'm gonna call it a night now
thank you so much watching I'd rather
put up a video than nothing at all so I
hope you enjoyed following me around for
a little bit today but that's just how
gaming youtubers work sometimes it just
you just came to much basically and some
of you've been showing me some of your
xbox results from the vlog that I
uploaded late of course and some of
yours in saying I just seen one there
was 1900 hours
that's insane guys that's insane but
gaming is good game is game so I'm
gettin down today's vlog and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
