hey guys how's it going
drachmas I'm not going to say the number
I said it every time because I just
forget the number but welcome to the
next vlogmas today I did mention that
we're going to go ice skating but
somehow it's too warm to go ice-skating
so I would just be like swimming instead
because it'd be melted so we're not
going ice skating I don't know what else
we're doing today I need to record
videos of course you just start with
Christmas countdown but we're just
chilling with the pugs as you can see
right now hey so guys I'm not gonna lie
to you we haven't done much today I
think I enjoyed the vlog I'm pretty sure
I did if not hey so I'm it is 7 p.m. I'm
getting like 1 hour later
each like each day but today we
literally got up I made videos and then
our friends came around we didn't go ice
skating as I've explained this morning
because it was too warm yet to warm this
December has been too warm the ice would
have melted on you know swimming instead
which I said earlier but now it's
freezing outside the irony because I
would go ice skating on the roads
instead because it's so cold but we are
well I'm gonna make a tea we had our
friends around for like four or five
hours which is crazy we're just eating
dinner and now we're playing guitar as
you would expect I also need to it's 7
p.m. and I haven't edited the road
that's supposed to go out like literally
right now which is a little bit worrying
so I'm glad to do that now and then I
don't know what to do apart from me
tease me and play guitar hero I guess
speaking of like Guitar Hero and Xbox
and stuff I just did this really cool
like test stand thingy on Microsoft's
website where they're doing like a
roundup of your Xbox Live experience for
2015 so here's mine you go to your
website and you put in your gamertag and
you log in and stuff I'll leave the link
to it in the description below but this
is it right now this is mine so it tells
you all these stats so there's my gamer
picture your 2015 year in review Rio
down TDM welcome to your 2015 year in
review we've been with Xbox since 2013
well this game attack anyway real dantdm
and here is the crazy bitch
in 2015 you spent six hundred and thirty
hours gaming on Xbox Live how insane is
that what's even more insane is that on
average the friends I have on Xbox one
and I only have like six or seven
friends spend 1215 hours gaming on Xbox
Live which is pretty much double mine
which is very impressive guys very
impressive indeed it also tells you
other stuff so on average community
spent 368 so I'm double the average and
my gaming Alice places me in the top 10%
of all Xbox players worldwide that is
how much Xbox Live I play not just Xbox
all time on Xbox Live and that shocked
me I thought I was going to be pretty
low seeing other people's scores on
Twitch and I thought be pretty low but
now 600 hours which works out to like 26
days on Xbox Live that's a month out of
a year I spent gaming just on Xbox Live
that's not minecraft that's not anything
just Xbox well it also tells you some
other stuff like my gamer score since
January 1232 literally terrible my most
active day in 2015 was the 28th of the
10th that could be when Guitar Hero came
out I think it actually might be
speaking of Guitar Hero there we go my
most played game is Guitar Hero probably
my gamer score puts me in the top 10% I
don't know if that's true I have no idea
if that's true
your most played game you earned all the
notes achievement I did indeed you've
unlocked 74 achievements your
achievements place you on top sent again
10% wow that's crazy I'm on average your
friends I'm like 79 achievements on
average the community unlocked 69s are
very close congratulations you've
unlocked the following valuable
achievements plants vs. zombies going
strong thank you for that
my achievers went up two hundred twenty
four percent this year than last year
absolutely crazy all these other stats
as well if you want to pause and look at
them so I'm looking now just imagine
what your 2016 would look like I know
I'm already pretty shocked to what my
2015 looks like
considering idea I guess I did like the
series of xbox 360 and moved on to Xbox
one so that's xbox live what else the
Guitar Hero maybe most of those hours
are literally like the last month or so
I'm not sure but you want to check valve
I thought is really interesting check
out the description below it's really
cool guys I have a confession I have
vlogs like literally nothing today and
I'm really really sorry I guess it took
16 ish frogs to be able to do one that
wasn't too great which isn't too bad
considering I see my office all day
where today was videos it's time and
friends and then we literally just watch
TV and then I didn't even realize that
The Apprentice final was on did I do my
calendar today I need to check the day
any check the date right now what's the
date 20 foot oh it's a 20th I was
confused it's like 10 to 1
um did I do it 20 hello
I didn't whoa dananana openness get
Berenice now what this one oh jeez have
just ripped the whole thing it's a
snowflake for what's inside there is
it's a betta fish it's not a fish it's a
it's an angel beer that means it's our
21st tomorrow or right now but
technically up we see but we the 21st
it's four days till Christmas man I need
to do some rapping definitely not
dropping a mixtape or anything present
Rafi so guys I just want to say sorry if
the blog is a little bit short and
uneventful leave a link to that cool
Xbox thing in description below but
apart from that I'm really sorry there
isn't a long vlog hopefully it was still
interesting for you by the way if you
did enjoy it I'm gonna excite see more
man I just remember we didn't go ice
skating today that's up so yeah if you
did enjoy usually big fat thumbs up
that'd be awesome and I'll see you guys
tomorrow for the next vlog m'as
Oh
