I've got a wooden spoon yes I'm making
dinner that means it's late I know well
it's late ish but I'm making me some
spare Bowl which I couldn't see the
other day but hey how are you doing it's
vlogmas or i don't want to guess the
little geez
LG is you sound bad good oh no this
actually smells really really good so
spagbol
actually I'm not using spaghetti oh no
we have spaghetti I don't even know got
pasta and mints and stuff as well so I'm
hey how are you doing it is 6 p.m. which
is a lot later than outside the vlog
yesterday when we had all the fan mail
we had all the news thing going on to
the news at 6
I remember that now today it's been
really really productive so I got burly
again which is working out really really
well so I thought I'd be super tired in
the evenings but it turns out I'm not
I'm just a lazy Punk so I got up and
I've made 2 videos for today the vlog
for today is 15 minutes from uploading
so all three videos are going to be on
time which is incredible absolutely
incredible and I've done thumbnails I've
done also a recording and render foot
tomorrow so progress has been absolutely
amazing today so now this evening I can
just chill and I think tomorrow we might
be going to like a Christmas themed
thing and really what it is but there's
an ice rink so hopefully we could do
some ice skating the only thing is like
you guys I think most of you have broken
up from school now so it's going to be
super busy anyway it's on a weekend
actually yeah it's going to be a Sunday
is it my busy but I have been ice
skating since I was maybe I don't even
know like 6 and I haven't been since
then so hopefully I think I was gonna
pay then but hopefully um I'm still good
now I might take some learning but
that's that's exciting I'm looking
forward to hopefully we can ice skate
hopefully it's not too busy anyway
dinnertime right now this is cooking
nice I haven't cooked this dinner in so
long but I haven't
gone it's all good and I don't think I
have anything overly Christmassy to do
today I could wrap some presents I guess
all this is getting all like good at is
going on
watery how weird is that but yeah I
don't think anything Christmas is
happening today part napping calendar
which I definitely will remember to do
puff nap we'll see where the evening
takes us dinner first though the dogs
have also had their dinner a while ago
but they've got something very special
right now check this out they're like
proper carnivores look at that bone that
they're eating they love the noise okay
you can have it it's okay it's her she's
getting bored a bit she might be full
actually they charol down on these and
he's enjoying hose to look a little hand
on it
very cute indeed good use of the toes
Ellie good use of the toes I like that
so I'm yeah they use these and it's
really good for their teeth because it
cleans them because obviously dog's
teeth are very very hard to clean
so it'll manage to do it a lot for these
help out loads and they absolutely love
them they stink though a lot yeah man
this make me hungry
how good does that look dinner is served
but I think I might have made too much
we'll see you want to know something
that's weird
um so because I've been doing my videos
and like finish them early I have a lot
of free time right now it's really weird
like I usually finish and then I have to
go and upload the video start the
thumbnails all that good stuff but
starring early I'm finishing early I
have like loads of free time in the
evenings which is really like I thought
it was like maybe 11 but it's only it's
not even 9:00 p.m. yet which is mad so
I'm gonna do what I always do and make
it tea but I just uploaded it happy
wheels like I said yesterday a little
bit I'm thinking uploading just like
more normal games just because they're
fun and you guys seem to really be
enjoying them like happy wheels a big
one escapist I'm loving playing escapist
right now uh what else I might go back
to Gary's mods are driving my new car
video that did crazy well I mean wow you
guys just I just so appreciate you guys
every single day I'm not getting sorry
okay I'm not
my TV also turned off so I'm gonna watch
some YouTube I think but oh no I was
saying to show you I'm just going to
show you remember yesterday when I said
about Instagram was at nine nine nine
thousand followers well well we did it 1
million followers what on earth why you
wrote it we read it
yeah that is absolutely insane
considering I have eight point eight
million subscribers on YouTube which is
also insane that's almost 9 1 million
Instagram is crazy so guys if you follow
me on instagram then thank you so much
following me and checking out my random
pictures and stuff but if you don't go
ahead and do it right now join the
million team TDM members that are on
Instagram as well that's actually insane
a million and nearly and look at my
weird photos every day I think we have
two extremely sleepy buggies right now
you guys haven't done anything all day
apart from sleep and what are you doing
now sleep in as you wish I could be you
guys so as you guys know I have a majus
we two finally cheating sweets and
chocolate everyday do not recommend it
it's bad for your teeth yeah but I do
have a chocolate problem and this time
of year Dairy Milk bring out this
awesome chocolate bar I don't even know
if you guys outside of the UK would have
it I don't even know actually you
probably don't what is this we'll just
fill out that something fell but it is
this it is called winter edition and it
has these it has like milk chocolate and
white chocolate together and those two
combined make an awesome taste it's so
good and it only comes out at Christmas
so for in the UK where they definitely
have it go and try it it's awesome it's
time it is time as always I just go onto
the floor to do this okay we're on 19 oh
my good sir also 20 yeah oh geez about
that hurt it's gonna be we've got a star
behind the door
and you know what that's a new one it's
a horse it's a rocking horse yeah but
guys that is going to end today's
vlogmas I'm really sorry that I didn't
do much today but I did videos and I
just chilled out because I haven't done
that for a while oh geez
sofa sinks but I hope you enjoyed it
anyway thank you so much watching if you
enjoyed please leave a fat thumbs up
that would be awesome and it's the 20th
tomorrow that means five more days
well vlogmas including christmas day
that's crazy by the way guys again I
hope you enjoyed I'll see you guys
tomorrow for the next vlogmas ohh
