hey guys how's it going welcome to noon
or I'm not going to do that always
getting the number wrong welcome so the
next vlog this video um it's currently
oh it's only 10 to 3 I've gotta pay
again 8 a.m. you proud of me you should
be back coming sure come on ha I was
something really awesome to show you in
a sec which is gonna be like the main
thing about this today's vlog it is in
sane I'm not even joking it's crazy so
what am I done so far so the blue hair
stays really nice it's not all over my
pillow and stuff so good hair dye
definitely recommend
I've just finished well because I was up
early I can spend more time making
videos so I got a really good escapist
view that's going up now I may get sick
thumbnail for it and now I'm just
editing a Minecraft video as you would
imagine I'm going to try and do a little
bit more like other games on my channel
cuz they seem to be really popular at
the moment so I'm going to try that
apart from that that's all I've done oh
we went to town quickly to go and what
do we even do get a coaster we got
acosta I don't think I've robbed that
again because we've logged coaster three
maybe four times already I don't want to
do for dinner actually
oops I forgot to sort out anyway all
figured out in a second I got something
so awesome show you in a beer but um let
me edit this first okay editing done the
dogs need to be taken for a walk but
we'll do that in a second because I've
got something incredible to show you so
got you guys may remember that opened up
a robot like two years ago maybe it's
closed now I'm sorry but you'll see why
because I just had sent to me like all
the letters packages everything that was
being stored for me from my vo box
prepare yourselves are you ready to see
how much mail is in this pile
are you sure okay here we go boom look
that so that doesn't look too big but
dust if you come over here very nice
there we go look that's like I don't
even know what to say this is a crazy
amount there's 12 in total this another
bag in Gemma's office with loads of
packages in but my goodness there is so
much noise
better viewed from up here there we go
look how crazy is that I don't even know
where we're going to put this because up
here I already have like the room that's
kind of a mess which you guys see like
everyday in the corner over there in the
back that's all fan mail as well from
the previous house for this I have no
idea where on earth we're going to put
it obviously we're going to open it all
but I am I don't even know where we're
going to start it's just an insane
amount of fan mail I'm like they're
really heavy it's all they're packed
full I would show you in but I don't
show it like addresses and stuff but no
I guess they're all packed full if I sit
in front of them you'll see the size
what is going on dust what's going on so
much fan mail so unfortunately IP box is
closed for now I've got to get through
all of this backlog but um if you sent
me a letter in the past year or so it'll
be in there and I'll definitely get to
see it that's got to be like the moist
fan mail ever insane well hello there
you caught me editing well that's
supposed to say poor thing I caught me
editing today's vlog well yesterday's
vlog for you guys so um what's it gonna
say oh yeah I've just been told that I'm
gonna be on TV today so I did like some
filming with the BBC um zom Nia I caught
me which day but something with the BBC
it was really cool I'm like people from
schools got to ask me questions and
stuff which is really cool is like an
interview it should be awesome and it's
going up well but the program starts is
six which is in half an hour and then
finishes at half 6 I'm gonna be on TV
and one of those times I have no idea
what its gonna be like but it should be
pretty awesome anyway people on TV is
pretty cool anyway even though YouTube
is better but um yeah I cannot wait to
see it I will try and show you guys
it'll obviously I can't just like flash
on the screen because that's that
copyright but um yeah videos are done
dogs are walks fan mail is still sitting
right behind me which I don't even know
what I'm gonna do is that we're
definitely gonna watch that on TV so
I'll try and show you a little bit
set six pm hopefully I'm gonna be on TV
what they said I'm going to peace I'm
gonna pee
I'm not as big psychics I haven't seen
the finished product yet that's me I
know it's no that's oh no that's not me
go there's me look Here I am so there
you go how awesome was that
it was actually pretty cool and I'm
Nettie and Tom all going at you which
was cool so I need to move these bags up
into my room next to my office
oh man um if you want to see that by the
way I don't know if you were together
like AI player or something if you live
in the UK I have no idea Bobby I can't
show you more because they'll just take
my video down ted-like good for this
Mary card away stop be a nice Santa and
taking this EXIF well I guess they are
sector presents upstairs let's see how
much one bag takes up in terms of space
yeah this could be a problem that's just
one look at the size it doll jeez how am
I gonna fit 12 in here oh no oh gosh did
it we reach it
oh geez there's got to be the heaviest
sofa in the world it's insane how much
there is
hopefully that stays like that if we
hear a big bang in the night it's gonna
be one of the year's falling off this
actually one more to go on top of there
but Jim's gonna start sorting through it
and stuff so oh my goodness is it is it
sturdy
I think it's sturdy I think we're good
this one might fall though wow I'm
actually shocked how much that is they
told me they'll be ten bags
now she was twelve I didn't think the
bags were gonna be that big but my
goodness and still kind of pipes that
was on TV as oh how much stuff is it us
this load is in there she's like where's
the food I see your friends got food I
got some scissors because we're gonna
open some packages remember a couple of
blogs back I said do you all want to see
me open some things well I guess today
is the you today is the perfect blog to
do that so I got twelve massive bags
of packages we here they are awesome
awesome awesome Gemma's picked them out
so blame her if the rubbish snap joking
I'm joking they're all going to be
awesome it's a big orange one as well
let's awkward some so this one was in
this little box and it was from Joseph
if you recognize this letter it wasn't a
year over a year ago which is crazy but
he sent me this awesome
and the man plush with a it's like tied
his arms round with a Pokemon guardian
how cool is that guys like oh new dog
toy
and I'm like no oh jeez you okay and
check this one it's a box and you open
the lid and there's a cake inside like a
full minecraft cake check it out daus
check this out I won't let them eat it
it's okay and this is the letter I'm
your number-one fan who's it from that's
who's it from
it's from summer hanger from Dublin nice
picture of trailers that is awesome
check this one out this one's from Noah
really awesome drawing with me Craig and
the gang on there thank you
and check out these look full sets of
Minecraft TDM with a trading card that's
awesome and they're from just put us in
here I'm really sorry I don't know how
to say your name but it's all the way
from Malaysia so thank you this one's
come all the way from Liam in
Connecticut in USA check this out it's
like a really cool beach scene with me
Jim I think that's a pic down there grim
ah that's so awesome
this next one is from Eric and this one
is epic so you've got a bag full of what
they could hammer bead so think with
like pixel arts of me diamonds in that
buds there's also a team TDM mug and
then it gets even better check this out
it's got the old logo in the back it's
so cool thank you guys I got this big
tube so I was like I'm gonna open this
one and it's from a girl called Sasha
from the UK and she made me this crazy
cool TDM posters little bit curly we'll
look at that there's a sunset with a
creeper in the background is properly
painted it's so cold
next up is from Sarah Webber and I'm
sorry this is taking so long to get
around to but this one was sent about a
year and a half ago but she sent me this
like my favorite mobile minecraft with
an awesome little grass book and I think
that
so mushroom - thank you another big
picture to show you this one's from
Nathan and he is from the Philippines
that is so far away they made this
amazing poster is called the night
battle their trailers there's everyone
it's crazy look at it sad ass
Jesse you got mmm-hmm nothing what is
going on does well yeah check this out
good it's a plasticine you know okay and
then there's all no my head to come off
as a tree horas alright isn't heavy no
and I think this is baby does that
naughty one down there guys this is
pretty exciting so what have I done
today man today is like blown by I've
actually uploaded two videos on the main
channel ready a third one is going up
soon but whilst it's about to show you
is this I am so close to a million
followers on Instagram that is
absolutely crazy that's like more than
double my Twitter that's mad I wonder if
it will happen today or not I only show
you like a rounded figure so I don't
know if we're sure happen today or not
but I'll keep you updated but now you
know what time is yeah that's right it's
tea time and that almost brings to an
end another daily vlog or a vlogmas even
right I used to do this first while the
hugs are in the gardens with the 18
where is the agent it's here let's do
this scrub the 18th by the square come
on then go if you push hard enough it
just kind of like gets destroyed ah a
cow returning to be Rudolph that's kind
of cute what is it going to be
it's another angel another angel why do
they keep reusing these oh my goodness
but anyway guys it's time to go whatever
I even vlog today oh the fan mail yeah
that's what moved upstairs as you've
seen
I have no idea what I'm gonna do it or
thank you is so that so much if you guys
send me any kind of stuff and virtually
the pure box is closed now because I've
got so much stuff to go through but um
if you ever give me anything a
convention you know take the time to
make something to give to me then is
massively massively appreciated not
expected I just love every single piece
of it it is it is also the thing that
you guys sit down just um make something
for me
it's insane anyway guys thank you so
much watching if you did enjoy this bob
usually a big fat thumbs up the upstairs
lights are automatic and they just came
on that's really creepy really creepy
so guys yeah if you did enjoy a pump
that would be awesome and I'll see you
guys tomorrow for another day of vlogmas
boy
