what's up guys it's 5 to 8 I'm going to
be honest review from the go-go in the
evening
I've had you bit up are you proud of me
already you already I've been up since
half past 8:00 this morning so I've been
up 12 hours and I'm glad I did because I
did one video today which was minecraft
surgery which you would have seen
already
it took me eight and a bit hours to make
I mean what but um now it's time to fix
this my hair dyes came one of them only
came this morning and then the other one
came literally like an hour ago so we
had Domino's which was tasty tasty so
what some cookies there but today is
trying to fix me err so she probably get
down to it hey does right and have me
some gloves which I've got right here I
have me two dyes we took over in a
second government sing ball and old
towel and of course to teach a time
where which is an old day to membership
I got literally like five years ago baby
I think when I saw them for the first
time ever with brimming horizon
it was an amazing gig it was sweet but
it's get a bit small for me now I think
you'll agree well I think it is anyway
yeah definitely definitely
so let's get this show on the road so
the plan is stage one is using this die
right here which is label over it why
well anyways this time because I can't
get the label off its directions the
same make as the blue that I'm going to
use this is lie look because you want it
to be a very light kind of purple to be
able to counteract the yellows in the
hair in the blonde and the green because
some of the blonde didn't stick and then
you've got blue which is the blue that
we're going to use which is cooled I
think it's called Atlantic blue there
you go exactly the right one I'm gonna
use so I decided to try a different
brand
this one's called I think this one's
just called violet but yeah I decided to
try different brands because why not why
not so OH I've gotten one thing one
thing conditional which is what we're
going to use to mix with the purple note
the lilac violet dye wavers
to make Ally lucky color this is going
to be interesting because I'm going to
do it myself this time as well I'm
pretty sure I can do it like shampoo in
your head but yeah I'm going to do the
purple first and then we'll see what
color it comes out it might come out a
nice color and then I won't need to diet
but might go blue let's see this is all
about experimenting now that is a fun
bit as well not just washing off
afterwards but mixing it until here we
go let's see what color is inside oh
look at that oh geez that looks so much
more purple on camera that does in real
life it's like a deep that's not even
purple that's a violet color Wow
that is insane so we need to mix this
with this and make a light light purple
hopefully my hair doesn't go all that
color but to be honest it doesn't really
matter if it does anything that's not
this green right now would be awesome so
I think as well with this dye which I've
seen already is that you can kind of
tell what color it's going to be a
little bit easier than the one that I
used before so mix look how pink that's
gone that's kind of the color I need
though I think there's only one way to
find out I'll put on my head but I think
I need a little bit more than this oh
geez yeah time puts on my hair oh geez
hey I know I know this this is the new
hair style right now but I don't know
about you I think it looks just by
putting the lilac color on it already
looks more blue I hope you think so but
on this is the color I go on I don't
know if it needs to be any like any
darker or anything so I'm going to wait
like 10 15 minutes and then see if it
has on a different color and then I
guess compared to wipe on this camera
and then try blue but already using like
color theory always crazy stuff already
looks like it's going a little bit more
of the old the old blue color rather
than green but of course put blue on top
of this as well but I'll do this wash
yourself see what it looks like I might
even do purple again because if I
haven't that hasn't gone to the color
that I need then that means that I
didn't put enough dying at all she
didn't do anything but
let's see what happens this is this kind
of fun I've enjoying it right t-t-time
hello kitty mug
Tina mug life just got a little bit
better but it can get a little bit more
better with boomers cookies now they're
not as good as when they're warm but
when they set they kind of cook them so
they gooey in the middle as I'm sure you
guys know um but when they set they're
still good too so I'm gonna watch some
YouTube while this develops I guess and
here's some cookies and tea and stuff
okay so verdict is that it hasn't done
much but why are you really tell when I
wash it off so I'm gonna go wash off now
and then we'll see what's going on I'm
watching Justin finger noodles on my
little TV up there because we've got a
chromecast it's an amazing piece of
machinery it's this thing 'try this
thing right here this little circle is
called a Google chromecast allows you to
turn your non Smart TV this is not a
smart TV at all but we never ever used
to use this TV because what we could do
is copy the sky channels from there to
there but if you put chromecast in it
you can zap your YouTube you'll switch
can browse the internet on it and it's
just amazing we just watching YouTube
and twitch in here now burn Justin or
think noodles is on the Yogscast stream
right now which I did not have time to
do I know so I'm watching him while I
work on something else then dye my hair
so I spent like eight hours on my um on
my my video so unfortunate I couldn't
join him I don't know how long he's got
left but I hope I hope it goes well it
looks like he's going really well so
that's also right time to where am I
going when we're going guys
result I'm worn out from drying my hair
so it is something because look on this
side it's kind of like got rid of oh
it's gone blue it's actually going to
really like blue on this side it's kind
of gone well I guess it has been a world
it's pretty crazy because look
definitely under there is definitely
more blue now yeah I'm actually pleased
did that okay I'm gonna go show gem
because she saw it before I put the dye
on I haven't seen it while the dye was
on sauna see if she thinks it's a
different color
Justin still going strong I think he's
got an hour and a half left so I might
try and join him I might so let me go
see what's Jim Jim's doing Josh Fink's
with this I need to let this dry anyway
so I see you guys and say yeah okay so I
do think that is a lot less kind of and
the green the blue is stayed and the
reason looks different this size because
the blonde has been like dolled out
which is exactly what I needed so the
blue is gonna go on I've message think
I've got like he's got an hour and a
cool-ass this stream I think so
I messaged him I don't he can get it
because he's live human right now I was
so sorry I wish I could stream which I
could stream my stream like I got asked
to do the yogscast thing but I just
don't think my stream it's good quality
enough I really don't know he is also
playing Mario maker now instead of
minecraft which I need to get back on
because merrymaker is such a good game
now I'm gonna leave it maybe 10 minutes
because I know that it will be just like
that thing where you you start I'll stop
dyeing my hair and then he'll be like oh
yeah come on the stream and then I'll be
like um my head's kind of going blue
right now um what do you think about
this guy's what do you think I think I'm
just gonna do it right now because I
guess if he does message me then I can
just wash it off but I don't really know
anyway
he's paint merrymaking out anyway but it
looks awesome
I also played a lot of mario maker
insomnia which is cool too but I'm
rambling let's go ahead and put on this
blue now I can't wait to open this one
crow open the violet that blew my mind
now this one this should blow my mind
further you can be Jigglypuff in Super
Mario maker what oh I'm learning so many
things how to play Mario maker in ages
I'm playing it tomorrow that does it a
plane tomorrow I kept you so Atlantic
blue geez check that out again it looks
a lot brighter on the camera than it
does in real life that's the color we're
kinda going for guys blue this time I
admit now it went green it went green
and yes people were theming is the
stream chat ready I said something
earlier yeah look they found me they
found me yeah
so I did end up getting to stream with
Justin or Fink noodles however you know
him as it was really fun actually we
just kind of play my employees chilled
out it was really really children he'd
been streaming for two hours already and
then I hopped on about an hour to go he
saw my message and yeah it's really
really fun we play mine Plex pretty much
the whole time played Christmas carols
again because that's all a few other
things but it's fine if you saw it an
awesome yogscast have raised like six
hundred thousand dollars or something
crazy on their stream so um yeah thanks
Tim for letting me want now I've got
time I'm gonna die this again but first
you know what time it is you know what
time is
ah wait did I make it to not drinking
wait a second wait a second I think I
did I think I did I'm gonna be sad I'm
gonna be sad I'm gonna be sad no I
didn't okay it's good it's good
I was worried then right another tea and
then we'll see what's happening now here
we go guys stage two so I figure out
some really weird check this out so if I
go in the kitchen
this looks purple but it looks different
in the camera that looks blue I got so
weird so in real life this was really
really purple if I bring it into here
look it's like changed color how is that
you impossible but hopefully we should
be game into this green now I definitely
did the first one wrong but this should
end up very very blue stick this on the
head and then we'll wash it off and see
what happens
I'm excited now that is what you call a
blue no greens just blue I think we know
it at this time this is the kind of
cover I was after
imple you can splice this can hook and
sighs one more
just off hope it doesn't wash out of its
IAT so how many times have we been at
this stage heart this will be three
maybe four I'm not too sure anyway the
big reveal for the final color so
actually now at this time you ready
three two one
look at that's all that is a lot better
color than the green before this one is
blue my hair it's finally blue it only
took how many dyes do we take in the end
we did blonde we did the blue the first
bluey green then we did purple today and
we did blue today so I'm cuz we're using
what I'm using better divers it wasn't
actually damaging my hair too much
because there's no peroxides and stuff
what's going on here and so excited uh
but yeah I am much more pleased with
this color than the other one it's
actually blue damn I love it I
absolutely I hope you guys do too I'm
going to post Instagram and sick these
guys are fighting like crazy
goodbye bugs that was crazy cool um I
had loads of dive this time so fir-tree
they're interested I think when you
search blue hair dye my other video
comes up first in youtube search somehow
but I use a different die this time I
prefer it by miles and it's called
directions which I um kind of show you
earlier and driven in jelly beans as
well but we went to weather but it's so
much easier to judge the color because
look this is actually blue now look how
much I've got left
I could either dye Gemma's hair or die
the pugs blue I also applied it myself
which is a lot easier than I thought it
would be didn't paint it on at all I
just grabbed it with my hands and put it
through like shampoo ah they got I'd
like a lot of our head I love learn
about new things and now hair dye is
something that I know a lot about so
here you go
the final blue color I think I might
actually explain this in my main channel
as well because if you don't watch my
this channel the origin is on people are
super confused in my videos because it
went blonde for two videos I think then
green and then it's chain
colors until now it's going to change
colors again but I am so pleased with
this blue I'm going to keep this for a
while I think I love it anyway guys
there's one more thing I need to do
apart from clearing that up and that is
he having Canada for today now the only
thing is they've been repeating these
chocolates on our salmon they properly
repeating them so and also actually I
try to evoke the washing my hair but I
need two hands for that there's water in
volume want to carry my camera but the
bubbles went blue they looked amazing
anyway let's bring this bad woman
where are you 17 where are you I found
it
come on I fried master doing this with
one hand when it's on the edge is kind
of for my hand with booth for a sec it's
kind of hard to see there we go we've
got a bauble or an ornament depending
where you're from in the world and it's
an angel slash choir singer nice oh look
it's a bit more fat than the other ones
I like that yeah I'm going to cream this
hair dye up and stuff I hope you enjoyed
experimenting with me today went a lot
better than last time even though I was
pleased a bit before but this next level
color right here next level color so
guys thank you so much watching I'll see
you guys know if you did enjoy funds
that would be awesome I'm gonna go sleep
some time now and I'll see you try
