what's up guys how are you doing welcome
to block with 12 as I am dantdm and I me
I'm running very very late I set my
alarm at the wrong time I know you can
applaud me if you like you can know stop
stop stop I am very very late what I'm
an hour late which means I was pushed at
my line for eight and I set it for nine
put up nine I was like wait a second
I've got to leave in two hours so I'm
good time to make the video so what I'm
going to do is upload my custom water
venture today instead of Saturday and
then released a new series well new
potential series I saw Matt yesterday
later I guess did it so I need to get
ready very very quickly also Mike wash
my hair again today as you can see and
it's almost gone the green need gluey
things almost gone so I'm gonna read I
it again probably in a couple days time
just because I really loved my blue hair
now I know some of you don't bag a lot
of you do so I'm loving it hopefully you
guys are too right I didn't stop
rambling and get ready haha you know
what considering I was late this morning
I'm actually not doing too bad for time
let's go on this train
okay guys Miller to London and wave my
uber to get to where I need to go I have
arrived so the reason I'm here is to
talk to an awesome company is actually
the people to do with legends of gaming
I'm in the same place but I'm here to
sort out something really awesome from a
crazy-cool project next year so I can't
say too much about that I know that's
annoying but off to go into a meeting
now and then I'll see if I can explore a
bit of London afterwards see you in a
bit
my head is so bright right now I
definitely need to you know diet again
can be done good things to come in next
year guys but now I need catch my uber
that's my train get outta here I know
quickest trip ever right
made it I've got packages when I came
home I broke yet since I got back if not
hey it was a pretty quick trip to London
oh geez I dropped him and I would show
you what was inside these are in these
packages but I can't because I know John
watches these vlogs and that's I like
ban her from watching them maybe but
yeah that was the quickest trip to
London ever it was literally just for a
meeting then I wanted to go home but um
it took up most of the day actually
traveling take the most of the day and
I've just uploaded my live adventure I'm
so excited about having done a custom
mode adventure and literally like
forever like three weeks at least some
please do you guys are gonna see one and
that new Sue's idea I think I'm still
gonna do it tomorrow because I think
it's going to be awesome right let's
collect the or top that's why I came up
here and we've got Gemma's mom sister
coming over which should be cool I
really need to check those parcels I'm
going to do that now and dinners in the
oven just got basic chicken finger got
spagbol
I'm having spagbol sputnik got the gay
bar name gonna be nice this right here
is the present there's going to be the
best present of Christmas 2015 for Gemma
anyway I wish I could show you it
I'm sorry I can't also been destroying
Guitar Hero oh and I bought some new
hair dye for tomorrow so tomorrow is
hair dye experiment day so because it's
gone green like oh because I talked
about it earlier and prostores I'm going
to put on a light very light purple so I
was going to do is like negate the green
and then put blue on top so I hope you
that work if not you know what whatever
color comes out I'm happy with I went
out with bright green hair for like a
week so I'm going to try and get it blue
I would do it okay what's in the box you
will never find out until Christmas Day
of course ok that is a good present wait
a second
Jenna's playing guitar hero girl rock
help
oh geez so good I'm exes find me
run run guys you better be proud of me
and I know my head is a mess I know
it'll be spotted tomorrow I promise you
hair dye fun is going to be crazy so I
hope you're proud of me I was just about
to go and have a piece of chocolate or
well I go to have a piece of chocolate
and then it turns into a bar chocolate
but instead I was like no no I'm not
going to do that I'm gonna have bagels
instead now me and Jem since we went to
Orlando last which was you know in May
that was so long ago oh my goodness when
I did the daily vlogs out there as well
but I'm since May we've never really
tried bagels before we tried baked with
in America and now every single day we
have bagels at some point so I'm gonna
make some bagels it's red with a hole
you just taste so good but you have to
toast them first let me show you
it's a good time
pay good time bagel time I see stars
wizzy don't tell Mom
don't tell mom
you got that what was that I don't think
she likes the camera you guys saw it in
yesterday's vlog loads of people were
like wait did she smack the camera 315
or something like that yeah she did she
doesn't like stuffing her face you just
like slaps it and I think that's what
she was trying to do they're so cute yes
now personally I find that the best
topping on a bagels so far that I've
tried is butter and jam yes especially
at night she wanted to be warm and just
it's so tasty I mean come on
this is how much battery I feel like I
have right now which is why I'm going to
bed first actually I'm gonna eat some
hairy boys because somehow we still have
trick-or-treat how it was to win it was
Halloween and well we can no one came
talk I still have these horrible trick
or treats that actually really really
nice so we're going to now is go to bed
so this is the end of the video I'm
sorry guys I'm sorry tomorrow to be a
fun one being like a mad scientist of
hair dye but um these are so fun to make
I'm glad you guys are enjoying them I
think it's added a new like thing to the
channel because we started the channel
daily vlogging and now with daily vlog
again oh I almost forgot
actually did I do this already I can't
even remember wait a second wait a
second before my phone dies what date is
it the 16th is number 16 taken ah it's
not yes give me this give me this come
on don't fail me now there we go oh jeez
I'm ripping it all over but the dog on
this one very nice what's inside please
don't say they're just going to repeat
things they are it's a it's a Christmas
put in why mmm still tastes good I guess
yeah mom no mom yeah I'm glad you
enjoyed these because I enjoy making
them so we're going to go to bed we
watch The Apprentice it's really good
the finalist next week cannot wait but
um it's also Christmas next week which
is absolutely insane I keep saying that
like every day but it's crazy
we're gonna go to bed I'll see you guys
tomorrow if you enjoyed this video then
please
if a thumbs-up that'd be awesome and
join me tomorrow for crazy hair
experiments good boy
