so guys how's it going welcome to
vlogmas number 12 I got the number right
this time that's probably because I've
only just this moment edited bloggers
number 11 so I know right as you can see
it's fairly dark well it's dark like
outside so it is tender cigs I'm so
sorry but today we got up late and
retired from insomnia made videos went
to the vets again today but we took both
for the dogs just for a quick checkup
and now it's did a time where we're
having peds or oh they look good they're
like two mini pizzas awesomes up then
pair of DS and you have yourself a
perfectly unhealthy dinner but tasty
tasty guys look how cute this is at
least you can underneath the tree Lu
having a good time under the tree you
look so cute under there
you just chilling out and he loves
Christmas secretly it was two years ago
like two days ago it was two years ago
that we got
Elian bought our home we bought home
really really close to Christmas and
you're now two and a bit I cannot
believe how old you are now well you
know old but you're not a puppy anymore
are you
she literally doesn't care and then
there's another little puggy over here
look at that face she's so angry she's
like get the camera out of my face get
out my face yeah time for another two
you know we just been playing designer
for a bit it's so fun especially we get
like a decent amount of songs in a row
especially if you're playing metal our
yes but of course the kettle is now
boiled and it's time for a tea so I'm
looking at my hair recently and I've
washed it I don't know how many times
I've washed it quite a bit I guess since
um I dyed it and the color is coming out
really really quickly but I kind of like
the color it's going but I do want it
more blue please going a little bit
Green now I'm in some lights when I
first died it looked really really green
but it was blue as you saw in the first
thing so I want to dye it blue again
like very very soon remember when I said
in a previous vlog that I hope it didn't
take like every week to dye it well I'm
gonna try a different dye this time I'm
going to order online I have to just had
like some suggestions for why you should
do so I'm gonna try and get it a more
blue color so it fades to a lighter blue
on the face were lied to green
apparently there's differences and dyes
I'm telling you now that the whole
science behind dyeing your hair is
absolutely crazy it just is so I'm gonna
make a tea and oh I've got something to
show you after and after I've made the
stick what is going on in here guys are
you okay are you okay oh is there like a
cow on TV I think there is yep there's
two three cows on TV
you always know that when they're
barking there's either this this is
really like popular hard work that's got
a little horsing like a micro horse
really tiny one
Darcy hates that but what I'm gonna show
you was right on this yes I have is
something that a fan got me which is
really awesome so I'm insomnia I got so
many gifts I actually got two of these
which are Pablo pug cakes really really
awesome buy also got something I didn't
know that existed I get a lot of sweets
and cakes and stuff from you guys but I
had no idea they did these they have got
to be the world's smallest Tic Tacs now
it looks more like that but that is how
small they are look there's there's like
different ones of them as well this is
other stuff that the same person got me
but there's loads of different ones
they're all very tiny I never even knew
that you could get these the world's
smallest Tic Tacs
that's crazy right now I'm probably
hyping that up way too much but hey I
thought it was pretty cool so I need to
deliver this tea upstairs Gemma and I
bought some more Christmas friends today
I think I'm almost done because I got a
lot of awesome gifts today and yesterday
so how cool is that Christmas shopping
done in two days I think that's pretty
good going um also I got a lot of stuff
from insomnia as I just mentioned should
I go through some of it in
vlog I'd love to do that I might do that
for tomorrow actually I'm going to
London tomorrow so you guys come with me
to there it's for a boring meeting but
at least you're coming with me and so
yeah I'm going to open some fan arts and
stuff because I've got loads of them
from the stuff from insomnia in a future
vlog if you want that and let me know
but first this must be delivered to you
delivery to delivery tea delivery tea
delivery whoa ah look how many present
she's wrapped presents wrapping master
that's actually crazy that's mad so now
I don't know what to do myself I don't
even know what timing is actually pugs
what time is it what time is it gone
tell me she has no idea it is more 933
what day is it today
jeez it's Tuesday of courses I'm gonna
grab my tea I kind of wanna play rocket
League because they've got this new
Christmas update out and I've got a
world record in at the weekend which I
can show you tomorrow as well um or the
day after whichever time I do my like
insomnia fan mail thing but yet got a
new Christmas mode out it's got like ice
hockey all this cool stuff I just like
playing again setting a world record and
I've got two World Records and rocket
League now and I haven't played it
properly for ages it just means setting
up my alien where I might do it I might
not you'll find out in sick I guess but
this is something we've definitely got
to do because I have I think Fire find
to open five you know what let me just
crack all these open and I'll show you
what's inside because it got one two
three four five six seven eight
and it is currently the sixteenth no 50
so I have our seven doors to open do
this
here we go the lineup is happening so
first we have Santa then we have a
Christmas tree
an angel a bell a Robin / bird thing we
have a another snowman another Christmas
tree and I think that's all seven wow it
also means that including today there's
10 days till Christmas
that is insane I promise I won't forget
about you again for a pink calendar I
promise it's 12 minutes past 10:00 and I
already feel so tired
I still haven't caught up since the
weekend I would love to be even 10% as
comfy as Eddie looks right now how do
you feel it looks so good Ellie jeez why
Darcy I didn't see you up there somehow
she looks even more comfy now how do you
do it Ellie
how'd you do it you look pretty comfy to
little one
oh my goodness so cute so I think I'm
gonna make the smart move and take the
dogs out and then go bed is only half
ten or it's just going half ten but I
need to go to London tomorrow I need to
make a video before he goes runs and
tomorrow I think or upload one of the
insomnia stage things I did as well not
the talk show so I uploaded it on this
channel but um yeah that doesn't matter
cuz you've already seen it so what I'm
going to do is do what I just said and
I've also had one of these moments so
sometimes when I'm thinking of video
ideas sometimes I have this moment where
I think of an idea that is going to be
so good sometimes it just hits you and
you're like yes this is gonna be amazing
it but the problem is I really want to
make it as soon as I think of it so I'm
gonna try and debut on Thursday I've
also got um hello exclusive for you I'm
gonna do Christmas countdown again this
year I'm not going to tell you when it
starts but I wanted to tell you likes
I've been asked so many times on Twitter
Facebook YouTube everywhere if I'm going
to do it again and I am but I've got a
new series idea which I'm gonna debut
this week I'm so excited to show you it
um pop from that I'm gonna take your
dogs out I'll see you guys sign out in a
second Ellie you want to go outside
I think that yes right there next on it
is absolutely freezing and I'm gonna go
ahead now I think it's a smart choice
I've been waiting to try and get a
chance to go to bed early for a while I
know it's very old of me but I need to
do it grab a snack first
and then go to bed so thank you so much
watching this video press we did enjoy
Pacific fat thumbs up that'll be awesome
Christmas is very very soon I can't
believe the year is almost over
that's insane so guys hope you join us
see you tomorrow
bye
