although guys how's it going welcome
back it's a vlogmas now i know i didn't
upload anything well actually
technically I did I didn't vlog insomnia
because insomnia it's really hard to
explain it's so busy like non-stop the
vlogging would just interrupt the
awesomeness that is the event so I
uploaded the unlit all show thing that I
did and if you go to my main channel
sometime this week we will have loads
and loads of awesome content from there
to play mario kart mario maker live
adventure as well which was awesome but
it was an absolute whirlwind of an event
if i met you there thank you so much you
guys were awesome i believe i met about
a thousand people by the end which was
insane but it was awesome it was so good
so now it is currently quarter to four
and somehow very very dark in um
on monday you watching this on tuesday
so the weekend is done I'm still feeling
pretty tired yesterday I just got in and
crashed and just slept until today and
um yeah I've just finished recording
escapist and an awesome map which you
have seen by already is we're trying to
get back into recording stuff when you
have a recording for like four days very
very weird indeed so um I hope you guys
are good I hope you forgive me for the
whole vlogmas break but I think the talk
show is pretty cool but today we need to
what we need to do when you take arm
Ellie to the vets because she her I a
little bit so when you do that in about
an hour and a bit so I need to try and
get this quickly edited as quickly as
possible and then we should be heading
off then and I've got four days of
advent calendar to do actually maybe
five might even be five I'll update you
but for now and she was happen Darcy do
or nice
hahaha Jack who don't get the creeper
get the creeper we try well get the
creeper get the quiver
goodbye here comes Elly how are you
doing did you miss me while I was away
she said yes did you miss Edward at home
as well look
yes she's like careful now no fights no
fights easy you wanna kiss the creeper
kill eh
is it dead is it is it dead that is it
dead she's like I'm gonna go and check
Ellie is it dead
teamwork get a grip are we don't need to
blow up our house now daus is stolen my
minecraft cake see Oh what have you go
now
you got a sock a creeper and now my cake
wait I give me about she's too fast to
catch I'm never gonna get it but the
cake give it give it a cake pretty cake
cake cake cake cake
oh my goodness oh wait a second wait a
second what's that where did you put a
cake
what is this a plastic bag you guys want
a plastic bag we buy you all these toys
and you want a plastic bag where's the
cake gone huh
would you put a cake um yeah actually
100 percent cannot find it so all we've
got now is a soap a creeper and a
plastic bag good wait you guys coming
down now going I don't think anyone's to
come down the stairs please can you come
down the stairs please you're still just
sitting up there ward if I command you
wake up ready go finally that was hard
work thrice
I found the cake it was just in front of
my office they came up to do something
it was just chill in there so what apps
you gave me that in Sonya which is one
insane and two very very cool indeed
right we are running I mean when are we
not running late to be honest 22
compress this video upload it and then
render the new one oh man so we're back
from the vets now obviously now much
politically white and he was it the vets
in the first place not being major well
given major it's okay she's all fine now
she just her I when I was it insomnia on
Saturday and she got like a little lump
thing on our I but luckily James Boyd on
Saturday took her to the emergency vets
and now we just went to checked it was
gone and it it's so all good but now
it's dinner time look how good this
looks so this looks a little bit weird
at the moment but
there's passed underneath all that
cheese the cheese is going to melt and
it's going to look oh it's going to look
and taste so good now what we do after
this actually let me put this in the
oven first car looks like just a tray of
hair somehow anyway Oh
Huggies put some cheese mushroom cheese
these guys love cheese girl cone eat it
yeah and then - you want some cheese as
well there you go
satisfied Huggies so I just been on
Twitter I follow on the guitar or
account as you know we love Guitar Hero
and they have just tweeted there's a
brand new game mode so I really love
that about games today is that you can
buy a game and lay it down the line it's
like updated for free which is awesome
so it's a rival mode where you can play
like one-on-one with someone else you
have to beat their score it sounds
really cool so we're gonna play that I'm
gonna eat that I think that's pretty
much gonna be the rest of the day but
we'll follow do some other cool things
as well time to play and I've just
realized if you're wondering what this
is it's like a really cool star thing
kind of looks like the police in here
you remember that if you watched last
year's Christmas vlogs it's exactly the
same one it exactly the same place why
this always happens when I want to play
a game it's like need to update now
three hundred Meg's doesn't seem too
much but am I in tech connection it
definitely is a lot told you it would
look good the dinner was super tasty
Guitar Hero was fun the new mode is
actually really weird I thought it was
like a new actual game mode but it was
it's just like a random thing they've
added to meet our hero live which is
when you play online it's pretty cool
though I like it I like it a lot so I
just wanna quickly show you a couple
pictures from insomnia because I didn't
vlog much when I was there I've only got
like official stage videos but I just
want to show you one that blew my mind
check this out so I am right here you
see me there you see me there look I'm
right there where my finger is how crazy
is that and then when i zoom out that's
how many people were watching at my live
show it is insane look at this look
this see I can't really see that much
from the stage but my goodness that is
absolutely insane so again thank you to
everyone I saw at insomnia it was a
crazy crazy adventure but the more
important thing that's happening right
now is I've just ordered some Christmas
presents for Gemma Lewis upstairs she's
probably watching this vlog too so I
can't tell you what I got I know I wish
I could because I think they're really
really cool problem is I am so bad at
buying Christmas presents for like two
months Jim's been like oh I believe his
Christmas present the other day and then
like or two weeks later I bought you
loads of Christmas present David I'm
like I believe any year and I just
started and I just so bad at buying
presents for people she sort out pretty
much everyone in our family I'm just
like stuck for ideas like this I have no
idea what to get but I've got a couple
of corns I just need to add some more
are you okay
do we have a problem here I didn't think
so out we do we do we have a problem
what is your problem yeah I'm so bad i
buying Christmas presents I'm excited by
Christmas the whole like I love winter I
love the Christmas decorations and stuff
but buying presents is so so difficult I
really hope she likes what I got up
because my brain is starting to hurt
try and think of Christmas presents to
buy it's time for a tea and now it is
almost midnight
I'm so tired I think I feel more tired
today than I did yesterday so weekend
definitely catching up with me I've
still got let's check how many doors
we've got left on the calendars have a
look so I've done one two three four
five six seven eight
that means I've got six to do tomorrow
that's gonna be cool
so a bumper advent calendar opening
tomorrow so guys thank you so much
watching vlogmas sorry there was like
two days where I didn't upload my min -
yeah - two days that didn't upload sorry
about that but I mean somebody was crazy
busy I hope you enjoyed this one if you
did affirm that would be awesome and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
