Hey
starting the day with a pug walk today
and also still playing Pokemon go
because I still can't catch that dang
ditto
so starting my day with a pug walk might
be a little bit of a lie I am yeah it's
3:00 p.m. okay I've had a busy day a
convention and I just needed the extra
sleep because over a convention I
literally get zero sleep over the
weekend so I had to catch up on that
I've got some cool video ideas to make
today and I've also got chocolate spread
on toast one of my new favorites tastes
so good but yet today I am going to
pretty much just make videos and then
we've got the mid-season finale of The
Walking Dead today didn't know I'm a
massive massive fan of The Walking Dead
both me and Jem are as well so we're
gonna watch that that's gonna be awesome
as a special 90-minute episode I'm
pretty sure as well they usually do that
for the mid-season finales and they're
just a normal day of making videos I
guess even though it's already well it's
quarter to three okay I'm not as late as
I thought I was but I'm still late so
I'm going to eat this I'm gonna drink my
tea and then I am going to start making
videos I have quite a busy week this
week I got lots of filming to do for
that project that I was talking about
last week so I'm I better get my butt in
gear so I got enough videos for you guys
to last the entire week which I'll do
some however it means staying up till 3
a.m. 4 a.m. sometimes even five don't
worry I'll do it for you guys but to do
that I need to stop vlogging and carry
on doing this I wanted me to enter the
video and he's dead in the vlog for
today oh I forgot about that okay let's
begin this day properly so I was just
about to start recording videos and I
was just browsing through Twitter before
I started I found this so I've been
working with Nintendo on a Tomodachi
life commercial TV advert and someone's
found it and showed it to me on Twitter
I haven't seen it yet so I'm gonna watch
it right now
here we go look at that Dancy do it so
I'd actually like that's my actual me
which is amazing that feeling when you
your favorite foods oh yeah that's one
of my favorite bits from Tomodachi life
oh this is so cool I would what
I'll stay put in it there we go they
call my logo in there and everything
that is awesome
from galaxy gamer or dantdm for life
thanks this anyway that that's awesome
to see and it looks like you're watching
it on like Nickelodeon I think so I need
to tune into Nickelodeon and see if I
can see with the sound as well you found
me on TV that's so cool I guess I should
start making videos now sprite it's real
bright vibe here dilemma so while I'm
doing these technically three videos a
day so I do two on the main channel if I
have time and then one on this channel I
have a dilemma where I don't know when
to upload things and when I start late
like 3 p.m. today which was so stupid of
me I find it hard to fit in the editing
time so I've got one video rendering now
I think I'm gonna edit this vlog which
is the insomnia one which you'd have
seen by now and then I need to make
another video I think I'm gonna to
escape this video but I'm not too sure
depends how long it takes but yeah I
think I need to edit the other video cuz
I already missed the other day for a
vlog and I have this one sitting ready
to go so I need to edit this and that
makes more gaming videos busy day guys
I'm balancing you want a laptop right
now yeah that's why the camera is gonna
be super shaky but um I finished editing
the vlog I did some extra bit because
the vlog just kind of cut off the killer
got so busy but I've done that and now I
need to upload it record a second video
for the main channel it's super dark in
here it's so weird because it gets so
dark so early narrow I guess so confused
as to what time it is
so it's currently 20 past 5 and I
usually upload my first video on my
second channel at 7 6 I don't even know
I'm losing my mind yeah these are these
early early nights are really really
messing with my brain I always think oh
my goodness it's so late when really
really it's not so I need to be more of
this and I'll catch up you guys later
so as you can probably tell it is a lot
later than when I checked in with you
last it's actually 22 to keep doing this
to myself and the weekend is finally
caught up on me I fell asleep on the
sofa after playing tons of this game
still still playing absolutely loads or
Pokemon but I made some incredible
progress I'm under 99% of my
pokedex only 1% ago I've literally got
one pok√©mon left to get which means I
then get my shiny charm where I can hunt
down shiny pokemon with a much better
chance which is awesome also today I
finally did this I changed my youtube
name to just dance EDM I uploaded this
video as well which I actually combined
with a cool like a privacy theme on how
to stay safe online so arm yeah that
video I went down really really well as
you can see so far because before I've
even gone to bed so I'm two hundred
thirty two thousand views it's insane
and of course Escapist went up too which
was a little bit later than usual but
still pretty awesome so apart from doing
a lot of gaming as usual and videos
that's pretty much all I did today so I
hope you found this vlog interesting
anyway if you did a big fat thumbs up
would be awesome and if you happen to be
new then feel free to subscribe for
almost daily videos on this channel for
December at least so I'm yeah thank you
guys so much watching I hope you had an
amazing day you are awesome and I'll see
you guys in the next one good
