that was that was amazing by the way
amazing beer music really impressed by
that how are we guys who are we here to
see who do you know what I don't think
we can get them on this stage unless
we're a little bit louder I want to hear
you guys at the back as well okay after
3 1 2 3 who you'd see done that is
correct and I don't think we should mess
around tree game on the stage okay
please welcome to the insomnia stage mr.
Don Diamond my car make some noise
have a seat have a seat
welcome to what we're calling as you can
see the insomnia talk show it's looking
good they like the music as all I said
very nice isn't the music great yeah
really impressive right okay so we're
just going to obviously have a brief
chat and then afterwards we might if
we've got time field some questions from
you guys to us down how cool would that
be
yeah I think that's cool you even got a
round of applause right so I'm first
things first
last time I saw you I think was insomnia
55 yes that was back in Chile a couple
months ago yeah August time September
maybe yeah and the hair is new its new
yeah I do new and blue you aren't blue
yeah yeah screen so when did this happen
this actually happens three days ago
oh that's soon it's fairly very new
learning yeah it's like the debut of the
blue right okay what do we think of
dance hair yeah oh good I'm glad you
like it
there's a lot of parents in the audience
saying you are not staying your hair
like done it's not happening and what
was the inspiration for you what do you
just fancy a chain I just yeah I made
the mistake I think of I just had this
thought I was like and think about I
tweeted a part of me wants my hair blue
just like oh maybe I'll do it maybe I
won't and then everyone was like do it
do it do it do it do it and a couple
days later this happened so peer
pressure
basically a pressure yeah Twitter
pressure okay well there's a lot to be
said for that and yeah it looks great
suits you thank you thank you so much
why not I was thinking of doing the same
but I just chickened out last minute I
was this close this close this close
also recently - you had a bit of an
accident I did yeah the arm was broken
it was yo is this it was actually my
hand that was broke so this bone that's
just below my little finger snapped in
half which wasn't great was that what
was that too much youtubing uh I went to
eight to five across I don't have a cool
story on fortune
it was just a trip in the kitchen so
it's always the way there is I know I
tell people maybe I like punched a shark
in the face and it just broke that might
be better but a trip in the kitchen yeah
that the dullest place to have a trip is
well I guess the kitchen is yeah a very
odd place yeah yeah well yeah it
happened it was it was all cooks I'm
right-handed as well so right play a
minecraft was difficult but thankfully
it's on iPads and tablets so okay used
so played POC edition which many of you
might have seen maybe yeah I played that
for a good must have any goods like two
months may be displayed that everyday
second play of one hand okay
yeah it was interesting doesn't man of
your stature have any footage short in
terms of of your career are those digits
insured or your I was in short before I
didn't know but maybe I should think
about it maybe sooner think about so
many to think about yeah and also
earlier on air today we saw you break a
Guinness World Record
it was impressive no yes so how many is
that now I have to at the minute and one
that might be coming out soon don't say
too much about that one but right you
are going for the Guyver for another one
so currently two boyfriend rocket League
somehow no minecraft wins yet but
working on another one which should be
awesome well short of a Guinness records
our other when it comes to minecraft is
the many what would you say sorry and
how many Guinness records are there when
it comes to mind oh I think there's tons
you've gave you some like collect the
most amount of words in a certain amount
of time you've got fastest time to beat
the game there's so many records you can
do in Minecraft it's insane I most maybe
even like most snowmen bill in a minute
just I guess it's like a game it's kind
of limitless isn't it yeah exactly
just course yes right okay and then also
and there's the the action figure as
well as I was really excited about that
actually the action figure is well I
think it's awesome I don't know what you
guys think about the little action
figure you seen it
yeah I've got to show you I did feel
like a twinge of jealousy when you told
me about that I think it's every
everyone's ambitions to be an action
figure isn't it I mean how cool is that
that's the icing on the cake surely yeah
it's where he's all from here exactly I
went into a toy shop the other day too I
bought my own action figure as a
president for one of my relatives it was
super weird just like going up to it and
buying something with my face on it
yeah like what just like it was yeah as
a toy shop that I used to shop it when I
was younger as well so that's crazy
yeah very strict can I have one of me
please yeah exactly
that's strange bit weird yeah and and
then obviously let's talk about 2015 I
mean it's been a fantastic year for yeah
it's probably been one of my craziest
years so far honestly has been it's been
amazing and crazy at the same time yeah
cuz you and your channels a bit of a
drug annoy you've been coming to
insomnia now for the past few years yes
oh yeah seems to show no signs of
slowing it's just getting bigger and
bigger and bigger yeah I like to kind of
bring new things to China every now and
then because obviously minecraft the
balls as a game YouTube revolves in a
platform so I think it's more minecraft
evolves like with all new updates and
what they bring out everyone makes it's
just something that can bring fresh
stuff to all the time so have a lot - OH
- minecraft as well well aside from the
action figure the guinness world records
the broken finger yeah and what i've
been your highlights of this year these
events already awesome i've been to
where 3 this year 3 or 3 this year
really awesome I get to meet you guys
and do cool stuff on stage the world
records it's been a lot of like firsts
for me like a comedy bar
I think my second channel hit a million
subscribers as well which is crazy just
every day brings something new that I've
a new possibility that I've never had
before and it's just it has been a
whirlwind year it's been mad and the you
just mentioned the second channel yes so
that's been around since that was it
must have been
no late last year because I side up when
I was moving house yeah it's like okay
I'm going to do something other than sit
in my room and make videos for a bit so
I've logged like the whole process and
move my house then there was Christmas
and now I just do like silly little
challenges and stuff every now and again
like it's mainly vlogging stuff rather
than gaming stuff I just keep those
separate yeah I'm doing vlogmas at the
minute which is a vlog every day at
Christmas because Christmas is always
awesome and yeah that's just gone crazy
I think we're on what a half million
subscribers on that twos so I'm guessing
the the second channel is a way for you
to show more of yourself as opposed to
what yeah I think minecraft yeah soon as
I started the new channel like a good
example I think people learn a lot more
about me and a good example was the one
the insomnia that was near Easter I said
around that time that I liked cream eggs
like the little little chocolates and I
ended up going home from insomnia with
about a hundred cream eggs so yeah
people learn a lot more about like the
person behind the gaming videos I guess
which is yeah it's cool and I can
explore new ways of making videos as
well rather than just gaming I was going
to say to you that must be quite nice
for you showing more of your own
personality or more of yourself as well
having the opportunity to do that yeah
exactly I think people are quite
interested as well of what I do aside
from gaming so what I do normally which
is majority more gaming but then there's
other stuff too which is Scott and the
pugs as our North evokes yeah yeah I
can't not mention the books but I think
you know you're quite inspirational to a
lot of the young people in our audience
so I think it is I think it's a good
thing for them yes to see you it you're
a bit of a role model no pressure will
you you are so I think it must be really
I mean you guys must love seeing down on
his channel as well yeah great stuff and
in terms of the channel what's been your
favorite piece of content this year oh
that's tough a lot of content goes a lot
so I think it's all I've got around
1,600 videos on my channel so picking
one is there anything that you've done
that maybe you wasn't you weren't
expecting it to be as because it was or
it turned out different to how you I did
like a start of Minecraft high school
series which is where we me and Trey or
us went to high school and it's still
happening now and it's not your typical
high school but it's it's really fun to
make and also like write as well so I
think you guys enjoy it too cuz that's
one of my most popular series at a
minute so that's probably one of my
favorites like all my as soon as I
started doing the stories in Minecraft I
just think that was just the next level
and something that I really enjoy doing
in Minecraft as well so yeah the story
video is probably my favourite ones but
I won't be able to pick one and I always
wanted to know as well actually before
you started on on minecraft were you
into your writing anyway is that
something you discovered through yeah so
I kind of my first few YouTube videos
that I uploaded like a long long time
ago were animations so like not computer
animations but you let you like print
out pieces of paper and slowly move them
take pictures and then when you put them
together is like stop-motion so I had a
massive interest in animation but I
guess I never had the time to fully
learn an animation program but that's
where minecraft is perfect because you
can use Minecraft to tell stories create
worlds and do whatever you like so it's
a really good storytelling thing so yeah
I was really interested in creation rip
right okay cool well there before we
feel some questions
and what about 2016 what can we expect
from the Diamond minecart oh um a lot
more live stuff hopefully right oh yeah
surely doing the live stuff yeah yeah
when we when I started doing the my
first live show it insomnia that just
kicked off a whole new kind of a whole
new outlet and
again making something in Minecraft
because I have to do it live no editing
no nothing so I have to use different
ways of interacting with not only
Minecraft but the alive audience as well
yeah I remember it really well actually
because I think we hosted the session we
brought young age to do it and like you
said it was a bit of an experiment
wasn't it was the first time you've done
something like that and you're right it
turned out really really well there is
fantastic yeah so hopefully yeah
exploiting the live space a bit more and
then just more of the same see where
minecraft goes kind of want to
experiment for games I've been trying
you know I don't play in the escapists
recently new games that coming out yeah
but yeah more minecraft sand then yeah
hopefully some more stuff outside of
just my office as well which would be
awesome okay more blocky
basic or vlogging is or more opportunity
to vlog travelling stuff like that
lovely stuff great stuff
okay then well erm there's a lot of you
and I'm guessing there were questions
that want to be asked as the line leader
I need a helper
where's mister littler there he is here
are so much do you fancy getting amongst
it I do worse I go where you gotta
special I go it's got a pressing
question for Dan IVA wand only go deep
into the crowd I think I'll come back to
the front before we finish let's go deep
someone with a Minecraft sword maybe
I've got to say you've been very very
quiet yeah this alright what's your name
my friend alight
this is Xander what is your question
where should I send my farm ale
where should you send your fan mail I
used to have a P o box but um I now have
a room in my house that is full of
letters so unfortunate had to close that
but if I see you around you might be
able to give it to me maybe or a good
way is maybe if you make a fan art like
a physical fan out is take a picture and
tag me in it on either Instagram or
Twitter if you're able to do that or
Facebook as well that's a really good
way to send it to me - ah that's a good
idea show take a picture of the letter
maybe and yeah and punch that yeah got
more questions more questions you might
promise your name
this is Louie what's your question Louie
what's your favorite video game you just
repeat that please what's your favorite
video game oh uh I do like my story if I
had to pick one I guess I really liked
the one where I know the secrets videos
I did a secrets videos about dr. Troy
Horace then he got mad and made one
about me those are probably a couple of
my favorite ones as well where's Matt
gone okay I've got Toby here Toby why
your question when you first started
your YouTube channel how did you get
people to watch it uh it kind of
happened by itself like you just spit
I used YouTube as a way to show people
my videos without having to like put
them in front of a screen by literally
sit them down in front of my computer so
I don't I guess minecraft helps because
people love Minecraft videos but um it
was more just keeping consistent
schedules uploading regularly and people
just somehow found them and now or you
guys here which is crazy I think what's
important too is that you enjoy making
the videos yes understand yeah because
if you enjoy making the videos and I'm
sure there's a lot of you out there that
do that then people are going to enjoy
watching it yeah I think that's the best
way to go about it yeah really perfect
yeah I've got more questions I'm over
here oh there is ah there you are
this Charlie Charlie's really excited
I've started my own YouTube channel what
tips do you have for me this is a good
question actually I'm sure loads of you
are really interested in starting
YouTube so um a good thing it's it's a
weird one
but it's good to practice because you're
kind of doing like a presenting job if
you saw um what about some of my older
videos they're definitely a lot
different to the videos I make now in
terms of the way I talk the way I make
the videos so practice is a good one you
can even do that by uploading them every
day or just like making videos every day
just to get used to making them I have
fun which is what we talked about you've
got to have fun because not only do you
spend a lot of time making and playing
games but your viewers need to have fun
too
and you've got a love not only playing
games but are making videos as well
because it's their kind of two different
things you play the games but then you
also have to kind of present it as well
so as long as you do all those three
then you're good to go
cool I've got Alistair he's got question
hey um will you ever do crazy crafts
oh so crazy crafts a crazy mod pack
which is insane I have my own like my
own mod pack that I'm playing at the
minute but if that ever kind of pizzas
off a little bit I might add some of the
mods from crazy craft into it but I have
no plans at the moment but it might be a
good thing to maybe livestream so I'm
aware of crazy craft just haven't had
the time to play it yet at the front now
hi guys
Ryan's got a question for you down hello
what was your first video my first ever
video so it's probably one of the my
silly animations I had this guy called
Sid he was like a skater guy and he was
using like the paper animations and it
was literally like a 30-second video of
him skating along I think he tripped
over a rock and then delivered a
newspaper so um yeah that's what it was
my first minecraft video was a a mod
review of the shelfs mods I believe yeah
I think so
alright Scarlett's got all the question
down here why is an Enderman your
favorite mob from minecraft
um because they're so mysterious I think
because they're like they just shown it
in the end or in your world they steal
blocks I just find them really really
interesting and I like the way they look
as well so yeah I just find them like
really interesting mobs but villagers
aren't too bad either and Matt's just
down there you got one I've got one from
Henry this is the pretty probing
question why do I have met you before
done
my question is what cars do you own in
real life and if you wanted to try try
us I've got some right here okay um what
I'm driving at the minute is a Range
Rover because we have the pugs we call
it the park 'mobile because we're
naturally a decent car to keep the keep
the pugs in and have enough space so
that's what I'm driving at the moment
there's actually a kid walking around
the festival with a pork mask on it I
don't know he's so really yes he's about
this big I need a walk-in poke nice keep
an eye out yeah we somewhere I'm here
now I've got a little Ivy she's got a
question for you kit could you ever do
parkour in Pocket Edition minecraft okay
so parkour in general I'm just terrible
I did a map that helped me a little bit
but Minecraft Pocket Edition
I don't think I can handle the parkour
in there if you could do parkour in
Minecraft Pocket Edition then you got
talent yeah we're gonna say you are a
very skilled at Lithia
I've got Monica who's got the best
Christmas jumper on I've ever seen
look at that car yeah very nice Monica's
got a question how did you come up with
the name Trey Oris good question that is
a good question um it's a bit of a weird
name um it was mainly because he helped
me a lot in a dinosaur mod so we had
like Tyrannosaurus Rex and when I was
think of a name for him that just so
happened to be a word that I kind of
stole and changed a little bit so it's
like Tyrannosaurus Trey Oris and he was
like a doctor of the Jurassic world for
a bit so that's where I came from okay
I've got another question for you it's
Jessica right what's your least favorite
minecraft mod my least favorite oh um I
don't know if I have a least favorite
they're all pretty fun I guess the lucky
blocks mod can be like your favorite and
least favorite depending on what you get
out of the lucky blocks so I guess I'd
say that but most my craft mods are
really awesome so
I don't think I can have a least
favorite okay I've got a little Ryan
Ryan's got a question when are you
coming to Ireland because I've been in
Ireland for ages as a Google bunch are
just wait oh you've general it for ages
waiting for done yeah then you had to
come over here instead I'm sorry I've
been to Ireland I've only been to
Ireland once I think and I went for a
convention over there but hopefully
exploring the the live space a bit more
I might be able to pop over to Island
sometime well I was watching this space
I was going to say to actually done and
I don't know if you know this but
there's gonna be an insomnia Festival
yoculan next year yeah unn Scotland as
well there you go yeah so you'll have
less to travel and I don't know maybe
don't be there that might be nice there
you go got another question here from
Declan if you weren't doing YouTube what
would you be doing right now that's a
good question as well um so before I was
doing YouTube I was at University
studying music productions so like the
recording of music so hopefully
something in that so like maybe working
in a music studio maybe yeah I think
that's what I'd aspire to a future
didn't exist got another question here
from Jake he's got a nice Sonic the
Hedgehog hat on if we had Sonic next to
you what what inspired you to start
YouTube in terms of Minecraft YouTube it
was more I learn a lot about Minecraft
in playing the game from people's videos
so I thought since I love making videos
anyway and loved minecraft as a game I
kind of took that and went to YouTube
and it turned out pretty well okay
I've got Brodie with our last question
Brodie
what's your favorite minecraft person
and take your time Brodie take your time
I think it was a last question thing too
much pressure
who's your favorite person and main
craft person has in a Bob
maybe week fella during that oh um yeah
I'd say the village is my favorite Troy
Horace has got to be my favorite person
in Minecraft he has to be even though
it's very pesky and causes a lot of
explosions yeah he's got to be my
favorite is Troy or is anybody else's
favor in the room also battle I have you
know it's how quiet they are yeah so
I'll put your hands up other than
shouting out and so that was it for the
questions I'm assuming yeah I think yeah
Oh what you know what there was some
really good questions very interesting
and I hope you've enjoyed it as much as
me down half yes it's been awesome yeah
it's been great doesn't hear so wash
your plan for the rest of the day
weekend uh rest of the weekend so I've
got I think I've got Mario car up next
on this stage that's true one of my
favorite games apart from minecraft so
I'm ready for that I'm gonna do some
meetups as well around if I haven't met
well I haven't met this many of you so
I'm sure there's people I need to meet
still so I'm gonna be doing some meetups
then I'll be back on the stage and then
more meetups so meet as many of you as
possible right okay well there you go
you might get the chance to meet down
maybe an autograph
obviously whilst doing that you need to
be sensible as possible it won't it
won't be down here I'm sorry but I will
be going somewhere else to do the me up
just cuz it's a fun yeah there's quite a
lot of you here so I don't think I'm
gonna get to go home till next year if
you actually started now if you just ask
someone if you are someone they'll tell
you I'm going Anna if you see done like
he said he's very happy to meet you and
of course sandal or graft there you go
okay well let's have a big round of
applause for done please thank you very
much thanks a noise or what give
yourselves a round of applause cuz there
were some great questions well done
thanks a lot done can I just one second
can I get a big old selfie with you guys
maybe Wow
you go tell you what I'll take I'll
leave you might there mate and I'll
leave you to it okay a picture we've
done there you go enjoy
