hey guys how's it going I have a big
confession to make I haven't blogged
anything today a big fat zero I'm really
sorry but today I'm well last night you
saw that I worked into well made videos
until 3 a.m. this morning I guess and I
didn't really get to sleep to like par 5
I probably shouldn't be talking that
loud right now because it might just be
10:00 to 2:00 in the morning
so yeah I definitely need to keep my
voice down so the reason why I didn't
vlog anything today is because I went to
bed got to sleep at about half 5:00 in
the morning and then I got up about half
10 5 5 hours sleep not bad we're going
to bed that early / late whatever you
wanna call it and then I worked well I
made videos and then my live show up
until about two hours ago then I left
home came here and it took longer to get
hit and should have done but I'm here
now it's 2:00 a.m. and insomnia is to
note today insomnia is today oh dear I
still I don't really know I've never
been to the NEC like driven to it before
so I'm pretty sure there's a train that
goes straight to it just get off the
platform you're pretty much there but
I've never driven to it before and I
don't know where the venue is I'm
assuming it's closed here obviously
because we're not far I'm sleepy I'm
feeling lost and I haven't blogged
anything today oh dear I would give you
a tour my hotel room but - it's pretty
standard it's just like it's got its got
a nice sofa down here it's not too bad
huh standard sofa very nice thumbs up
from me and of course beds TV desk such
a pretty nice I'm like no no stayed in
one of these hotels before but I don't
know what else to say um I'm not going
to vlog any more sakes I need to sleep I
don't know whether to just upload this
if you're seeing this and I decided to I
might have something on in the morning
when I wake up and then I'll start
blogging again the next morning man
craziness
the crown attempted to order food this
hotel has USB he's in the wall how
amazing is that you know what I will
talk about something real quick the
video where I dyed my hair blue she
looks a lot different now I've washed it
twice twice once I'm not too sure yeah
once after I dyed it and then the day
after umm I've washed it twice
apparently blue hair dye comes out
really really quickly so um like it
washes out quite quickly so the color
kind of goes so I'm gonna have to top up
fairly soon someone said worse
I was looking online once a week oh it's
not that much but I'm I just wanted to
say a quick thank you to you guys
because I was a little bit worried about
uploading that video because when I dyed
my hair blonde I don't know whether I
just didn't describe it properly but um
people were like oh my god what is he
doing they were absolutely outraged but
um when I uploaded the dye my hair blue
video because blue not a normal color
especially for a white girls can get
away with a little bit more I think
but guys not many people that have blue
hair that the guys are there to be
honest well I'm one of them now so yeah
I just wanted to say a big thank you for
being super supportive of me just dyeing
my hair a crazy color it's really cool
that you guys are just on board with my
madness to be honest but um there's also
like a lot of negative comments but they
kind of get drowned out by the really
really good one so I just want to say
thank you I'm sleepy hopefully there's
more to this vlog if not then I'll see
you guys tomorrow for insomnia and I
hope you forgive me for not looking too
much at least I got one up at least I
did that for you yeah I've been rambling
and this is where I'm gonna spend the
rest of my night good night guys
