sup guys how's it going ready to go into
the dark room because yes it is past
wait it seems later than it it it's for
quarter past 4:00 that's not too bad so
hey how are you doing yesterday you saw
me do this if you haven't it probably
does not make much sense but go and
check out yesterday's vlog miss video
which I still need to edit by the way so
um we just had the cleaners around yep
they looks at me a little bit funny but
it's all good I'm so current progress I
have managed to record both videos for
today I need to edit one more and then
I'm free reign to record whatever I want
for the next let me see let me see what
I've got I was so annoying because
randomly like the whole right side of
our house just lost electricity I was
like great
great my video wasn't rendering or
anything so I'm going to sort that stuff
out and then I'll show you something one
sec it arrived it's my blue head I
arrived so arrived literally like five
minutes before the cleaners did so
obviously I couldn't do it so I'm going
to finish this and while my Dharma
dimensions is rendering I'm gonna put
the blue on yes the blue is going to
happen now I change to this type
apparently it's better it's made well
it's better for your hair so I'm glad I
changed it I'm excited
let me edit this and then we'll dye my
hair blue changed into comfy trousers
and Medinah shirt from yesterday and
it's time to mix the dye and then it's
going on me yet because I'm not keeping
this fur at all so I've chosen this one
sky blue and I'm gonna be lighting it
with this I've kind of been looking at a
lot of YouTube videos on how to do it
because I do not want to do it wrong but
I think we get I think we good
so what was I looking for oh yeah I need
some like plastic gloves the gems gonna
throw on my head here we go let's mix
this get it to right color well it's
gonna be like it's gonna be darker than
the right color if that makes sense but
hopefully this works doesn't go green
and looks awesome
whoa that looks killer ah this color it
looks purple the minute but I kind of
tried on my hair already just to get the
right color so um let's do this
to finish where the dardan look oh my
goodness it's actually a really really
nice blue now I need quickly nip up the
old stairs and yeah the blue has
happened I definitely prefer it to the
blonde and I would have happily kept the
blonde if worse comes to worse so I'm
actually going to match my office now I
wonder what my hair is going to look
like well it's in here does it look
silly and radiant but I need to upload
well I need to compress this first then
upload it and then I've got an evening
and probably at night and probably a
morning of making videos but I'm in one
of their moods where I just going to do
one video I put some of my nose
I think it's dry skin gross yeah I'm in
one of those moods where I don't really
mind if there's only one video day
because I'm going to be doing something
called insomnia anyway so I'd rather put
more effort into the live show them
making sure I get two videos a day so
let's see how that goes I will leave
this on for about I guess half hour not
really too sure
and then the final results that time has
come to wash this off I'm a little bit
nervous but I figure it'd be good let's
do this and then we'll see how it goes
it's actually like I've liked it with a
conditional but then we added kind of
like darker bits on top if it stays like
this color without washing too much off
then I'll be very happy are you ready I
don't think you're ready 3 2 1 ah it's
like it's gone blue but then it's also
got bits when the dye didn't take
property but that kind of looks cool
it's like blondie blue at the same time
I'm really happy with it I love it it's
like a proper proper blue and it doesn't
look too autumn IVA I'm so happy that
when it starts to fade it will start to
look a really awesome color man I'm
happy
with that and I thought like the bar
where I washed my hair would be blue the
tower would be blue but the dye is so
good it just sticks to your head and I
find it quite a lot as you can see
because the blue that is on the packet
and when they kind of show you like a
test of it the broom that I show you on
there is a really deep deep blue so I'm
really pleased right now much my room
it's like a really light blue green
turquoise but I'm so happy with it guys
what do you think I know you're gonna be
like what is he doing but I hope you
like it
you gotta beat it everybody else hey
guys I just finished recording two
videos which is awesome mad progress so
probably mine up now is we've just ran
out of milk in the apprentices on any
minute so I'm gonna head out
go to the shops debut my new hair in
public actually looks a lot brighter in
like daylight I guess even though it's
dark but in like shop lights and stuffs
can be bright as anything but um yeah I
need to go get some stuff for tea
because if we want our milk alright no
tea happening I want to get maybe some
hot chocolates and stuff which would be
awesome so let's go so I went to the
shop didn't vlog in the shop because why
not
so I got hot chocolate out one of my
orders one of my orders actually white
hot chocolate as I've already told you
but they didn't have any I didn't know
how many of like these things either
they're like instant hot chocolates but
you just use them once they don't have
any of those Eva I mean come on come on
right time for hot chocolate and then
the apprentice and then I'm not sure
after hot chocolate done and now I'm
going to watch TV and chill out before
I'm probably gonna stare for quite a
while make a video so go watch
apprentice it's currently 1:00 a.m. and
it's really late I started talking quiet
then but my office is so far away from
our bedroom where I'm gem and the pods
are sleeping right now I don't watch you
have to talk quiet I can fully shout in
here and they won't hear it at all which
is kind of unique and kind of awesome at
the same
time but I have a couple things to do
Eddie it record I might record a little
bit but I'm gonna sort out tomorrow's
videos all the way through to Sunday so
that I can go to insomnia and not have
anything to do because the past three
insomnia is I've kind of like left
thumbnails and on my live show not done
and I get then I'm like oh just I'll
just do it whenever but then it never
happens I stress out and it's not good
so I'm going to try and get everything
done but it means a little bit of a late
night but I'm gonna use this right here
you know what this is right a kettle of
course I rarely rarely use this a lot of
time I use this was probably last
insomnia I don't think it's plugged in
though no that's that's how much I use
this kettle but this cat will sound
super loud but it's not it's like well
it's loud in the room but it's not loud
compared to where Jemma and the pugs are
gonna hear it listen it's gonna be
pretty loud but hopefully they don't
hear it because usually I'm shouting and
recording in stuff and won't hear it so
it's pretty awesome yeah I'll check back
with you guys in a bit wish me luck I
got a lot to record that's now the time
oh so I'm going to bed I hope you
enjoyed this video and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
bye
