guys today has been an incredibly
productive day and it needed to be 100%
needed to be but welcome to vlogmas I
was going to say the number but I
completely forget but it's 4 p.m. I'm
sorry for not vlogging this morning but
I was I'm just on the board today how
would you like my hat this is one of the
ones that I showed you the other day
yesterday probably and I'm loving them I
need some more about three yesterday I
kind of need some more fur I think our
weather mitt insomnia as well just
because it'll be fun but anyway today
has been super awesome so I've uploaded
know I recorded rendered uploaded and
thumbnail one video for today I've just
recorded another one because I'm the
escapists the new christmas dlc which is
free with the escape is which i bought a
long time ago um it came out so i wasn't
sure whether it's going to come out in
like the evening when i wouldn't be able
to record and upload it and render it in
time so i was been doing tomorrow but
i'd already recorded two videos today
one of them is going up today i just
record the escapists so i can move the
other video to another day i've already
recorded two other ones as well that
means about three videos ready for
insomnia yes and if you guys like the
escapists as much as i do with this
christmas dlc then i should be able to
play everyday until I complete it which
means that I could just like literally
binge The Escapist from the next few
days and record for the weekend which
should be perfect anyway hope you do
well I haven't done my having calendar
hound on anything apart and get up get
ready get dressed obviously put these
awesome hats on and start recording
which is exactly what I needed to do
today for my cold is almost gone which
is awesome I don't think Gemma's koi Eva
which is even better so I'm going to get
to editing and rendering and uploading
the escapists I'm excited to show you
that and I've also done a snow fight
game I don't mind telling you this
because I've already uploaded it but
I've got something awesome I'm going to
be doing later today awesome and crazy
but you'll find out in a sec feeding
time at the zoo just had a random super
late delivery of
for Christmas look this is the only bad
thing about doing most of your Christmas
shopping online is that you just get
tons of boxes absolutely ever I'm pretty
sure in our garage we have all of the
boxes from last year in our in our
garage still so I was about to say I
found anything to do but that is a lie
because I need to record though I need
to edit the vlog this for today which
I've completely forgotten about now I'm
not going to reveal what I'm doing in
the next bit this vlog until I actually
do it because I'm still not sure if I
couldn't do it I'm nervous I'm nervous
but I've got escaped this up I got two
more videos Don's right there three
videos today for when I do the vlogmas
so I would say that's a pre productive
day now all I need to do just find my
laptop and then um I can't you idiot
there you are very blue in here okay I
don't remember when I spoke to you guys
last but a tee is on the horizon which
is awesome so I will let you in on the
secret that I've been kind of teasing
you with yesterday and today I'm gonna
dye my hair blue yes I just randomly had
this moment yesterday when I was like
you know what if we called to have blue
hair and then I tweeted it and then
everything went in a downward spiral
from them so everyone was like do it I
did a poll had seven and a half thousand
replies to say yes with 85% so I was
like you know what why not let's do it
before insomnia so I'm gonna do the
first stage tonight which is because
I've got brown hair at the moment if I
put blue on it it will just literally go
black in order look terrible so what I'm
gonna do is die this blonde tonight and
then I've got a blue dye spot on
tomorrow let's make it blue which should
be awesome I've been researching how to
do like cool blue hair as well I think
I've put it down so this is gonna happen
today
blonde hair it's really really bright
look at that
max blonde and then I did have this
which was kind of like a turquoise he
hardened if you could see this but
apparently this diet is very very bad
it's not great so I bought it when
offline
we should come tomorrow which would be
awesome so yeah let's get this done it
may
B we could use this to die you guys blue
what do you think blue pugs actually saw
something once when like a woman had
died her poodle loads of different
colors so why not huh plugs plugs well I
said we do right now but I need to
change some light bulbs we've got like
one of these bulbs goes and then another
one goes and then got a third one that's
a sense of it but this is all these
three lights new change actually this
one's a sensor this one's a light at
this one's a light as well so I need to
change these first and they're gonna be
quite nice to do are you okay - she's on
walk through the wall hit with oh my
goodness this is not a good idea not the
best chair to choose yes
one ball
we have light yes 100% thought I was
gonna die then oh jeez he just occurred
to me that for some reason I turned the
electricity off last time but I guess
that's kind of an obvious choice now I
don't know why I didn't do that in the
first place I got blind in the eye and
some of them have to proper stick my
hand up there to try and get the light
so not the greatest of ideas okay so for
those who that don't know this is a
light box now I think if I do this it
would turn the lights off downstairs um
let's see what happens um should
probably check with Jem to see if
anything turned off did the lights turn
off yeah
what can you can you try and turn them
on please hey okay what I didn't turn
off anything important and the lights
are off which means no electrocution for
me absolutely perfect okay now I should
be able to put this back up and breaks
the thing good job good job and no we
don't have a hot tub unfortunately sy
it's turned off so that should mean that
the lights hopefully turn on cuz they
automatic oh I could do a cool shot but
there are working yes
handyman Channel coming soon we gonna go
see reconnect Li daddy's here Oh hmm yes
are you ready
no this isn't too bad because this color
done mistake it's the blue that I want
to go blue I'm not screen and not yellow
and stuff
say goodbye to normal colored hair Darcy
daddy's dying his hair is any color you
won't even recognize him hello what's he
doing it is Li hello snowman its lucky
of a bird poos on your head right no are
you ready for the worst hairstyle you've
ever seen oh my god it's Leno
it's burning my head so bad we
definitely needed to do your eyebrows no
no it's part of the magic I've forgotten
to do that advent calendar wait what
time is you I think it might be past
today so technically I have forgotten
you let's find door number forgotten
door number yeah it's definitely wrong
dawn about 8:00 anyways number eight can
you find about 8:00 for me she's that
note I'm going bed I'm here it is I
thought you got to find that early it's
open this bad boy dosoo can you open
this for me please please I need some
help I need some put out claws I've got
it I got it
it's got a what it's got three presents
on the other side and we have what is
that is that a choir singer hey don't
look Ellie don't look it it's mine nom
nom nom nom
so this is the situation right now look
how light it is gone I'm actually really
impressed with how bright it's gone but
um I think it's time to wash it off now
on on for at least about half an hour I
think ultimately I just had a look as
well yeah it's definitely been on for
long enough so I'm gonna go and wash
this off now and you guys gonna join me
in the big reveal of the blonde hair
right there buggies scorebook they're
gonna go bet I'm gonna wash this off I
actually cannot wait to die a blue
tomorrow now I finally decided to do it
right it's gorgeous off guys I don't
think you're ready for this I don't
think you're ready this is only gonna be
on my hair for at least like woah I'm
gonna go bed now and then whenever the
die gets to live it tomorrow I'm gonna
do the blue butt so you ready are you
sure you're ready here we go
oh it's blurry oh oh oh look it is so so
yellow oh my god it's literally bouncing
the light is bouncing off of my head
check that out
oh my goodness
this is no going back now but I actually
think it's quite cool like I would
happily heat this just by itself just
because it looks so awesome but tomorrow
it's going to go blue it's covered
literally all of my hair look at that
absolutely incredible so guys I don't
write hair I'm blonde today I haven't
dyed my hair in absolutely years I used
to have like every color Under the Sun
when I was younger but um now it's the
time I had a crazy idea woke up with a
crazy idea in the morning and it's it's
it's yellow well it's kind of white
yellow and hopefully the UM hopefully
the blue dye takes to it pretty well so
I'm gonna close all of this I'm so happy
with it
oh my goodness I'm so happy so I'm
what's my duty I didn't do too much I
did a lot of videos which is what I need
to do I spent literally like three hours
on my live adventure map it's gonna be
absolutely awesome so if you're going to
insomnia prepare for that and prepare
for my blue hair as well um wow I can't
be about you did this but I'm glad I did
I was having second thoughts by I'm glad
I did so I hope you enjoy this and I
guess I'll see you guys tomorrow thank
you so much much did you enjoy please
your big fat thumbs up and I'll see you
guys tomorrow when the blue is going on
