hey guys how's it going right two things
to do this morning well 3 taken be first
thing cold update I'm feeling a lot
better it's good job that I went to bed
last night early and got a good night's
sleep number two before I forget let's
do this cuz I always forget so guys
you're gonna help me huh morning Doris
how are you doing you don't like it
she does not like it
Eddie what about you that is I guess
chocolate chocolate okay let's do this
shall we
I need you finds number seven where's
number seven guys number seven there -
got it - got it number seven he's like
what do I win well you don't win
anything but they do have their own
advent calendars I just which I don't
think we given them to them for a while
because the stuff in them isn't too
great for them so I might show you that
in a bit anyway we've got a Christmas
pudding please guys they're like show me
the codes show me the goods
what do we get inside this one guys you
have your own kind of juice don't bother
me what is going on here we have we have
aah it's running away it's actually
inside the calendar what there it is a
Christmas put in I think yep Christmas
pudding
sorry das sorry she's NIF it into
snipping and licking all the little
holes I've opened already we don't mind
having Canada now ha so okay so you're
friends now good and job number three is
I need to quickly go and get some
petroleum for the car because um jungle
scratch town and I'm gonna go and fill
up the car first so let's just go and do
that now cuz I'm ready to go and today
Mun is it Monday Monday I think it's
Monday yeah Monday I've got one video
done already which should be going up
later which is good good news we are can
use today to catch up on videos and just
get them done I need to do well I'm
gonna go out there on Thursday evening
and then the convention starts on Friday
morning so I've got Friday Saturday and
Sunday to do be also if I could get
Thursday done as well but I'm not
ensure we just have to see how today
goes at least I've got one video done
already and then I just need to blitz
through and do it over first it's got a
little Drive somebody's angry that I've
left so I haven't actually driven this
car in a long time so hopefully I
remember how to do it okay yeah this is
really weird um how do I start this car
because the car diem the popemobile has
a a keyless start so we have to do is
have the key in the car you don't
actually have to um you don't add chef
that Josh josh Josh you don't actually
have to like put key in the ignition to
start it so I was a little bit way to
start off but should be good let's go
get some petrol here we go
let's see if I can remote to do this ah
we're moving wherever again it's
wobbling ah that you'll get now home to
make some videos did you do did you do
did it did ah you're so fast can I have
it can I have it can I have it please
and Eddie's got an elephant led elephant
every other birds change of plan we're
going to town for funsies oh and Jim is
driving with shush shush shush Jim is
driving which is a little bit me because
she never drive so good luck good luck
so I don't log in town because I'm an
idiot but we did buy some cool stuff
mainly the best time about this time of
year is festive drinks in various food
outlets and the Christmas food as well
so I bought I think this is mine
it's a
it's like a turkey and chicken and
stuffing and cranberries like Christmas
dinner inside a bake a pastry bag I also
wore for that feel squish oh no oh no
that isn't a good that's supposed to be
a chocolate doughnut on the way yeah
that's my chocolate doughnut oh no it's
melting because it's in with the warm
stuff
why bed way tomorrow Prague's are you
doing guys
are you doing with Ellie where is
anything today we lost Nelly I think
she's in the office with Gemma but um I
need to take these pugs outside and then
I've got something interesting to maybe
show you I'm not too sure yet but let
you know in a bit and I've decided I'm
going to do one video today because that
means I've got a good amount of videos
well it means that the videos I make
today are going to be able to go up
whenever mania insomnia so let's take
these mugs out see nice of him
I found her she was in the office does
you come outside you coming outside good
let's go also suck choice for today
absolute beauties and yes these are
actually mine so guys you know I said
that don't I look horrible well uh it
melted look at that look it was put in
with one of the hot toast user Gemma had
and I look bad as well but look at it
it's all melted and in a bag yeah things
in a bag that looks absolutely gross but
it's a donuts so I'm probably still
gonna eat it yeah
rest in peace mr. donut I ate it no wait
I also bought this cool little thing
today it's like Sonic Lego but it's
really small but with this whole thing
you build it in 210 pieces so it's like
micro Lego so I thought that'd be pretty
cool to build and put in my office but
it might take me about a year and
anything's it's a tree it's definitely
not you eat these and you'll be pooping
bricks for days
guys Santa just stopped to our house I'm
not even joking he stopped our house
check it out I don't know if you can see
it look oh you can't
you can't see it yet but I'll show you
in a second when he comes back round so
basically some people have got like a
car and then a trailer on the back
there's Santa in there he's got lights
all over his sleigh it's awesome it's
raising
money for an awesome kids charity so I
gave them a Buddha monies and it's
somebody I joking the Royals like oh hey
I remember they did it last year
actually but it's so cool I'll see if I
can get some footage of it check it out
look it's Santa just chillin yeah the
girls are really happy but it's Santa
you caught me about a Santa yeah how
awesome is that but I was really really
cool I love how Christmas just like well
most people just like super happy and
just like give stuff to charity and it's
all good
oh but now I've got to uh finish you
know making videos I've completely
forgotten to show you something as well
I just reminded me because um where is
it where is you so I bought some really
cool things for videos and I'm gonna
have to wear them and a few of my videos
that I'm gonna pre-prep for insomnia but
they should be in here come on have a
look there they are
nope not them not them um here they are
check it out I bought three brand new
hats dust those are not for you I'm
afraid I'm pretty sure these are kids
hats but whatever I'll wear them anyway
so I've got a pingu hat I have an elf
themed hat and I've got a reindeer what
is got antlers on oh how do I look do I
look cool the antlers actually stick up
is what all these are perfect for videos
oh my goodness
so look yes yes I'm loving that awesome
haha wait who's that someone come in the
door
it's Geritol you caught me trying on my
hats we haven't been for a walk yet
because the real life sensors around him
you didn't see him I have to show you
him don't worry this isn't the first tee
that I've made today I'm sure you can
believe that but oh I've got my laptop
was here hello a laptop are you doing so
I'm welcome to my office it is 8 p.m.
and I'm doing ok you know what my cold
is going by tomorrow I reckon we'll be
completely gone but the good news is the
both my videos have gone up without a
which is perfect now the only thing I
need to do now so-called videos for
other days now I think I'm just going to
record like try and record as much as
possible because what I usually do is
record then edit then record and edit
them record than edit but I think I'm
just gonna have a little recording
session and see if it works that way
instead so just turn these lights on
got a couple minecraft maps set up some
other games The Escapist Christmas
version comes out the day you're
watching this video but but tomorrow for
me so I think I'm gonna play that I
haven't played the actual escapist game
on the channel play loads of it when it
came out but I think you guys would like
it because you really like the UM the
Minecraft escapist so let me know if you
want to see that because that could be a
really cool Christmas series cuz they go
like a themed one where you're working
for Santa you're an elf you have to try
to escape it sounds really cool anyway
it's called past 8 p.m. and I need to
sort this out so record some videos so
guys it's like half 11:00 in the p.m.
which means it's almost the next day now
I did get to well I played this map and
it's like a puzzle map which has two
parts now I didn't think it was going to
because turns out I'm pretty bad at
puzzle mats Bay we knew that now it
should make a cool little two part video
which is awesome so what I'm going to be
able to do is have two videos instead of
one that recorded for that but haven't
quite finished it because might have
ragequit a little bit it's very very
hard so I'm gonna have to finish that
off tomorrow but it'll make for a funny
video but I'm apart from that I don't
know where today's gone at oh maybe
going into town wasn't the best idea but
I did get something awesome now I was
gonna do something to do with my hair if
you guys follow me on Twitter you would
know that is I was gonna do that today
but um I just haven't had the time I
really don't know where today has gone
but um yeah I'm gonna do that tomorrow
instead in this curvy it's gonna be a
ridiculous and awesome at the same time
but hey I have got two videos in the bag
they're not edited but at least they are
you doing a resume in a minute by at
least they are recorded which is awesome
so I'm gonna go about now because I'm so
tired this coal just wiped me out so I
need another good sweep
it'd have yesterday and we should be
good to finish rockin on with vlogmas
and the rest of my videos tomorrow so
insomnia soon I've got a cool little
thing going on tomorrow that I'm
starting and you guys are gonna love it
it's gonna be in saying so guys I'm
going to end the vlog here if you did
enjoy fizzy a big fat thumbs up I've
seen you guys are enjoying vlogmas right
so I'm really happy about because I'm
enjoying vlogging I think I mentioned
this before but it's super fun
I've been doing some fairly interesting
stuff recently so thank you so much for
watching
I'm gonna go asleep I'll see you guys
tomorrow
