morning guys I am feeling rough oh my
goodness his coldest knock it out of me
is more the tiredness more than anything
but my voice but we're up fairly early
ish it's it's almost halftime I doesn't
seem early for those of you go school
and stuff but for me is and we're going
to this dog show thing I'm not sure what
to expect but you guys are going to come
with me
of course I've made a tea just to kind
of loosen my vocal chords and stuff
because I don't want to sound like a
caveman for the rest of the day had a
nice eating and I need to swing it too
so we just need to finish getting ready
get in the car and go it should be too
far of a trip I think it's about maybe a
half an hour but um also need to clean
up the kitchen
oh man it's got to be a long day I think
I managed to do four videos yesterday
I'm not sure if one of the videos was
good enough so might have to redo it but
I'm part from that it's going to be
another busy day in preparation for
insomnia
and hopefully my voice sounds different
to this when we get back done in the
beauty today oh jeez it's windy again
why is so windy apparently those the
school yes that you know what I said it
windy ah in the morning there are some
crazy storm so lots of people coming
around to swell up and the wind is bore
down that one over there and this one
here it definitely needs fixing
so some people come over well we're out
to fix it so I need to swap out the gate
I feel a little bit well now though and
also I believe this dog show is a pug
show so I am certain
and they're gonna be like the cutest
love's because it's a dog competition so
they communicate as well we can't
Italian dusty because they're not show
quality but you know you know they would
win well I know that would win anyway
guys we're back from the dog show I
couldn't feel much just like an actual
dog show where they're winning prizes
stuff's offered lots of stuff at the
pilot but the most important parts are
here editing are you doing are you doing
they missed us we've left them for like
four hours which is crazy um we we
actually went to Costa again that's like
the free deferred time in two weeks and
I was something different this time let
me show you it's look it's real nice
look at that oh it doesn't look too nice
but it's like it's called a black forest
hot chocolate so I'm hoping that's good
and I got the same food and stuff as it
in last time it does we spent some time
a lot of pugs and it wasn't you
we couldn't take these guys because
they're not being shown you can take
bugs they're being shown but um el it's
pretty fun but I need to what I need
brahmanas and then we need to take bugs
out and then I need to do videos
something that any year whoa it's gonna
be another late late day making videos I
think and I still need to think about
insomnia suits make my live show by we
saw some parks today so I just went and
collected a parcel from next door we
should collected yesterday and Gemma has
bought something for the pugs you want
to see it yeah dogs scarves Eddie are
you happy and he's so happy with the
purchase you look so cute Oh Eddie look
even does he think so look at us when
you put clothes on a leash you just
stand still as I know no I hate this
it's a good eye she's doing her look at
her face she's like guys I told you
before I do not like to be dressed up
I've told you stop it but you look so
fabulous look a scarf or a dog what
videos are uploaded they're almost done
blog vests and stuff they're gonna be a
little bit late but hey that's fine
least I've got one video up so far so
I'm not feeling too great I am going to
make soon
so I think that's probably the best
thing to eat when you're not feeling too
good so what do we went on here but we
have a lot of stuff in here because
amazing cupboard by the way I don't know
if I've shown you this before look at
that just look at that chicken soup
tomato soup upside-down mushroom soup
the only choice now is which one to have
I choose you
chicken soup oh that was crazy I didn't
expect that to happen now how good does
that look
oh man I cannot wait to dig into this
and another day is over
gooshie my eyes I can barely see out my
eyes oh my goodness they're watering
they're like at the verge is like a
sneeze right here and then it gets stuck
and then your eyes water and then just
walk around like this hey I'm like a
zombie and I kind of sound like 1 2
right I need to turn off the Christmas
lights there we go and I'm going to end
this vlog here and now today I said this
yesterday my edited the vlog and it was
still 10 minutes plus long I don't think
I feel much today but I should probably
stop saying up oh I've forgotten
something and this was in literally
every video that I forgot about it I
forgot to do my Advent under three days
in a row what is actually wrong with me
so this currently wait three days in a
row what I thought up to three what date
is it today it's the oh it's the sick I
put it's 250 GS okay so we need to find
four four is here let's see what it is
we go I think I broke the calendar there
rod stiff is so bad okay
it made a mess of that door haven't I
jeez right here we go you go once it's
gonna be da da da da
what is that you know what I'll to get
them out and then I'll show you them I
found them all it was a fair challenge
we've got a snowman a Robbie
and also a reindeer hello Rudolph how
you doing and inside we got chocolates
which are I think that's I don't even
know what that is
no no idea I think it might be a
reindeer wait is it that way up yeah
it's a reindeer look it's a reindeer
then we have a presence check that out
and then we have oh no no that is it's a
drum why is a drum Christmassy I managed
to remember this time I still can't
believe I forgot what I almost forgot
three days in Iraq she did today's so
we're going to go bed earlier than
normal because I want to destroy this
code I want to kick this code in the box
I've got lots of videos to make I don't
want to be ill for insomnia ah just on
time yes that was great hello
why would you knock my hat off why my
hair is an absolute mess because I put
my my hat phone with the back of my hair
when my hair was wet that's what have
been wearing a hat all day cuz what is
happening there it feels very very old
by the way I'm gonna go beds because
someone to looking good you're like me
you wear my coat and my hat
you don't like me you even got my fringe
going on today
very nice the pugs are always ready to
go bed so I'll see you guys more if you
enjoy today's vlogmas and usually a big
fat thumbs up that'll be awesome
I'll see you guys tomorrow
