guys put these chairs back and now
they're all back here I think they need
first if you could even hear me the pugs
dieter sort sort things out before they
fly away go guys
pugs and their natural habitat
The Guardian how are you doing is it too
windy for you if you don't go toward her
quickly you might blow away I know
le lit she doesn't care she thinks she's
a cow she can eat all the grass oh
that's cute see ya the wind is pretty
crazy hey how are you doing welcome to
day one to four of blogs miss Proximus I
can't even speak but anyway code update
I I definitely have a cold but I'm not
gonna let it get to me I can't let her
get to me because I've got videos to
record my voice feels better I'm just
like will stuffy up here my eyes feel
about this big but hey it's all good so
I don't even know what I'm gonna record
today I have no idea I should really do
a Minecraft school episode but I'm still
planning my um special minecraft
Christmas countdown videos so I might
have to skip out on that today and I'm
busy
it's gonna take a long time to make one
but um I'll try I'll try so today I
think I'm going to record some mini
games and stuff there's lots of
recordings day I'm making this day my
recording I'm gonna work the longer I
usually do to make sure I can get ahead
on videos and I've got something really
cool to mess around if I might show you
while I do it but first I must start
recording I've already got the boring
stuff out of the way but I've had two
teas already my throat is feeling
alright so I might as well make the most
of it but it's still windy is anything
check this out
why are you so windy huh I don't know
where this wind has come from but it's
nuts
I put the chairs away as well so they
wouldn't blow away any more the pugs
finally sorted out they did a blow away
so time
to record some videos do this okay
that's two videos done awesome viewers
for today are done which is awesome I
still need to bum nail them but other
than a minute now I've got something
really cool to play now they're called
little bits now what they do is they
literally they're like little things
that snap together and you can make
little robot stuff like you can make
this which is like a car that runs
around and stubbed it remote control bit
bot and look it looks pretty complex but
the reason I'm playing around with this
is because you can actually control that
these robotics right here with Minecraft
yes I'm not even joking you so this
talks here this thing in this box talks
your internet and talks to your
Minecraft via a mod and then I can
activate things in the real world it's
really weird like you can actually put
down a redstone torch and then it
activates something in the real world
it's really crazy but it's something
that I'm definitely gonna try out for a
video next week but it might take me a
while to UM to learn it but look at it
the police stop you can make you can
make low stuff there's a guitar what is
the guitar do is it a hole geez so
someone can feed your dog now
unfortunately I can't say too much about
it because obviously I'm going to be
doing it in a video so keep a lookout on
my main channel for a crazy Minecraft
experience I'm really looking forward to
trying this out but now let's make the
video well I've made a mess now letting
go too well I don't think this works
with my internet so I'm gonna have to go
downstairs luckily we have two internet
connections because we agree I'm using
it all the time so I'm gonna be with
downstairs and see if I can get it to
work hopefully I can otherwise I'm in
big trouble so it's also what time is
over
it is currently 1636 half past four oh I
thought it was super late because of you
know it's dark outside hello you can see
we look at my curry push Jana today our
man I love the show it's so simple so
minecraft II so I also need to edit this
vlog from yesterday oh geez I forgot
about that
oh right okay plan is
Blagh well go downstairs get laptop edit
vlog and then play this again to try and
get it to work because I need to record
it today so let's do this and then we
need to eat some time as well but we're
not gonna take the pups for a walk I
guess because they'll probably turn into
balloons and fly away and that won't be
good okay so things are about to get
really really cool in terms this video I
wish I could tell you more about it but
I'm gonna have to wait until I can put
the video live I think it's gonna go
live on Monday on the main channel but
I've got it working it downstairs so
it's lucky that we have two sets of
Internet but I still need to make dinner
but I don't want to I don't wanna make
dinner so it's happening it's happening
the Domino's app is open and we're gonna
have pizza oh um this is a bit awkward
so some of us are having pizza you guys
have already each and haven't you you
won't be so they're gonna go crazy when
the pizza comes because they absolutely
love the smother pizza right am only
choice left to do is what to have so
listen listen here okay this is the TDM
special I'm telling you right now Jemma
just has cheese and ham no no that
doesn't happen mine create your own
there we go then I got a small because I
like to have a dessert as well
and then we go top in barbecue sauce oh
no no tomato sauce cheese of course and
topping you go for pineapple and tuna
and that guy's is too TDM special so
remember that if you have order from
Domino's try the TDM special it's
barbecue sauce its tuna is pineapple
it sounds really random but it actually
tastes so so good and I'll tell you what
show you it when it arrives and also you
have to have um apparently there's no
cookies on here why are there no cookies
on here there's actually no cookies on
here what am I gonna do gonna have to go
for that instead doesn't that look good
oh another YouTube secret you're
learning a lot from these aren't you we
order pizza and then recording our
kitchen there
that's not a normal practice but I could
only work of this internet which is
downstairs so I've had to move my laptop
my lightbox
my camera and whatever else I'm doing
which you don't know about um into the
kitchen which is interesting so let's
see how this girl is and let's see if I
can beat the pizza to here so let's see
if I can finish recording well the pizza
gets here I hope that I can I couldn't
do it I couldn't do it the pizza is
gonna be here soon I thought I saw you
there ready hello in here hmm yeah look
good that's the TDM special right there
it's go random red pepperoni as well to
know what I came from play go guys TDM
special until is boring cheese in ham I
told you these pubs just love the pizza
like I finally finished I finally
finished it's five past nine oh my
goodness today's videos are taking so
long I think I deserve it eight is there
a pug in here there is a bug in here I
lost you you want to come to my office
Doris you will come tomorrow actually oh
geez
there's so much like electronics and
stuff down here that have been a bad
idea
oh well should probably put that away so
video Oh uploaded you asked about so
many things today
I've got 43 why why is that 43 minutes
please don't tell me also brother on the
wrong Internet please please it needs to
upload now tip it needs to also loading
on the wrong internet good job good job
they have arrived guys how you're doing
you're supposed to be sleep yes like 11
p.m.
why are we here at 11 p.m. huh why why
don't know nope nope nope I see those
are not treats those are not out any
that's rude she's scared about our
control ah you guys are way too pest you
look at them they're just like what's
this what's this you didn't tell me
about this huh
oh man all right so what's missing
I liked okay crazy day crazy busy day I
didn't finish like working or making
videos until like half nine I started
eleven mad Ness I think that's
everything done though I'm pretty sure
she's still trying to get in no to us
no Ellie these are my things these are
my things not your things
what are you doing la la hey the face of
a criminal what did you eat do you see
something you're pretending
please be pretending you're pretending
you look guilty so guilty but I better
get these pugs outta here I'm gonna shut
down my computer I go to bed cuz we
gotta be up early in the morning for a
dog show thing you guys to come with me
so I don't know what it is Jimmy said
you would come I guess I got everything
the dogs or not I'm pretty sure we
aren't but hey hopefully this one take
us wrong uploading any more by then
going beds I'll see you guys tomorrow I
hope you enjoyed this video hope feliu
blogged enough I didn't think I've
logged enough yesterday but it was like
over 10 minutes so I hope you enjoy this
video if you did thumbs up would be
awesome and I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
bedtime lordy bugs bedtime
