morning everyone well I'm not gonna lie
to you it's not morning it's 20 past one
which I don't think is too bad because
I've managed to edit one video I'm just
watching it through but the video that I
recorded yesterday turned out to be like
almost an hour long so I need to watch
through it and make sure there's no
mistakes correct rendering at the same
time so I think I've actually come up
with something smart there so I'm
rendering it just in cases right so I
don't waste time it's all good bye how
you guys doing I've actually got a
rendering machine going on so well this
one rendering here and I've got on
today's vlogmas on the brand new camera
there
what's manic today manic already but at
least it's only 20 past 1 I've also just
realized that in Psalm 56 is next
weekend literally a week from now I need
to have three days worth of videos done
what am i doing what what am i doing I
can't believe it I I need to use today
as a way to record the videos in advance
cuz otherwise I'm just not going to be
able to do it I need to do a live show
for them as well what I just really
don't help myself do i but anyway
Voldemort's here he's ready to help me
out you're gonna help me out buddy I
hope so I really hope so you helped me
out by focusing the camera right now if
you're any magic you would do it if
you're really magic you would do it he's
not gonna do it you're not really magic
are you so yeah that's my day so far I
need I need a team I need a team I have
just found the greatest way to make this
little job that I was just telling you
about even better
listen to this guy's make a quick pass
quick black people quick but you can be
back on my way through there how funny
is that
so I've done is I've increased the rate
that the video plays by 1.5 actually
let's try up to 2 okay this might be a
little bit fun listen yeah that's way
too fast for me to know what he's saying
what he's saying what I'm just saying so
I'm gonna put it to 1.75 which means
they'll take me at least half the time
to watch it than it should
I'm just busting our ideas today this is
to buddy
I should just do all my videos like this
see how long this renders got to go
because I need to render this oh geez
it's still got 53 minutes jeez that is
so long I'm gonna have to leave that to
render and then I need to upload it
because it's got because it is a 44
minute video
it's going to take at least 2 maybe 3
hours to upload so I need to upload that
as soon as possible and then I've got
this compressing which is the other vlog
so I've got nothing else to do I can't
record while I render cuz it slows down
everything so I guess they could another
teen food I guess because I have a
little bit of time I think it is time
hopefully does that say what does that
say hopefully it says the 7 yeah this is
the 7th that means it did based it so we
can have some bacon and the pugs already
know how how do you already know I have
new started cooking it yet and you know
having bacon bacon sandwiches for lunch
I think I might have an edge in mine as
well wait wait wait in check excuse me
Cal could be I need to check that these
are in date - yep those are in date - ok
that means egg bacon in a sandwich it's
gonna happen right now remember these
are yep we're using these again oh I
thought I made these give me this egg
right here there we go I choose you the
chosen egg I wonder what I would do with
an egg that's in its shell you know what
what is what is it today
they like what's inside but I don't
think I've ever given them one with the
shell on like what is this magic for
then that's so cute
bored now boards or boring is not tasty
that's going straight in here well
obviously I'm gonna crack it we're still
yeah stuff excited I'm excited this was
a good life choice no yesterday I said I
made a bad life choice this equals it
out so already complaining now that is
beautiful oh my goodness
cooking with Dan episode 33 yes it's
done I really hope that I watched it
properly even though the super-speedy I
really hope I watched it properly so
that it goes up alright but I'm sure you
guys will let me know if it isn't it's
three and a half gigabytes old geez
let's compress that and then I think I'm
gonna play turbo dismount today which is
a game that I'm playing over a long time
so after that I'm feeling good
full of energy and I'm ready to record
even though it's 10 to 3
whoops because I'm done it's half past
four it's already dark well yeah it's
pretty much dark I've just finished my
three videos today I did two of the main
channel and my blog misses well my voice
is killing me I supposed to do more for
next weekend damn I've got this video
that's supposed to go up
next week that's supposed to do today as
well but my throat is absolutely
destroyed so I'm not just I'm not able
to do my presenting voice anymore
because it just it hurts so much so glad
to pick it up and do it tomorrow so
check out the sky by the way look how
cool that looks not the blue bit because
obviously that's not real but look at
that sky looks incredible so what I'm
gonna do now is we need to go and swoop
the pugs obviously and I'm kind of
hungry again eat that bacon sandwich was
just literally the amount of energy that
I got from that bacon sandwich has been
used it's been used already I also need
to sort out this vlogmas video problem
that i think will go see the bugs
you've already can't see me right now
but look at my hair's looking so good so
taking the pugs for a walk by myself
today but I've been instructed to go and
deliver some of these guys is Merry
Christmas postcard surfy friends yes I
bought two friends they probably have
more hug friends than us so that's
you're going to have to do that you've
probably seen the design on gems
Instagram or any intoxicants ago it 100%
looks like the houses on the buyer
doesn't it is the house on fire or are
they very good Christmas lights
okay so yeah that was making a fire
outside his house it was on purpose so
don't worry never seen that before
that was so weird like flames I thought
they were Christmas lights I actually
thought they were but nope and so
there's a choir that someone's making on
that driveway so the reason that's weird
is because there's loads of like fiery
embers just floating the other side of
the bush I like I hope one of those
doesn't hit me well in we go Huggies
warning
I don't know about the pugs but I'm
super tired after that walk but I've
just been given a great responsibility
I got a die Gemma's hair I know I know
great responsibility if I do it wrong
but get it on her head
get on it is I've been in big trouble so
I'll let you know how it goes
sorry die you instead make you into a
brown pal she says no and that's it's a
pretty good hair dye job yeah actually
looks really tasty it looks like your
heads like a giant sweet if you couldn't
see your is look I just looks like
chocolate beautiful
the perfect after-dinner snack now I'm
sorry that I didn't block my food but I
guess not too interested in that anyway
I'm now eating this and I think it's
about 9:00 still 9 p.m. and I haven't
blogged for a while I'm starting to feel
super tired and a little bit more ill
and get more sniffles and my sore throat
is coming back so hopefully please
please few up there please don't give me
a cold oh dear where there's food
there's bugs
check out my socks by the way YouTube
secrets I wear fluffy socks all the time
especially when it's cold look at these
guys cuz it's ok I just been reading
over the comments of the vlog uploaded
today glad you guys are enjoying that
musing this camera now and you guys
wanted to see more pugs why why am I not
fluff you're cute enough for you ha is
that why I completely understand look at
these cuties you okay lean look
concerned oh that's because of that
isn't it yep I thought so look at
Darcy's eyes look she's creeping up on
my yogurt but she's kind of sleepy at
the same time my vlogging camera is also
telling me it's running out of battery
so I'm gonna say watch TV for a couple
hours I might fall asleep in the
meantime but I'll make sure to check
back in with you guys
before I do um was I gonna tell you I
can't remember
maybe I remember when I see you in a bit
uh got the sniffles I got the sniffles
so guys I'm gonna have to end today's
vlog here I'm gonna go to bed earlier
than I normally do which is probably a
good idea anyway because uh I go to bed
pretty late / early anyway so I'm gonna
end this vlog here try and destroy this
cold overnight and I'll wake up tomorrow
feel better cause I've got loads of
videos to make for insomnia which had a
cool with the guy who runs insomnia
today it sounds like it's going to be
really good and I can't wait to meet you
guys either so I'm gonna have to go to
bed so guys I'm sorry if this vlog was
kind of short I didn't do much today and
I was feeling a little bit poop so I'm
sorry it happens so guys I hope you're
having a good December so far
if you did enjoy this video oh yeah we
saw that burning house thing that was
really weird
via if you enjoy it please leaving fat
thumbs up that would be awesome
I'll see you guys in the next video
tomorrow
