everyone I'm using my new camera how are
you doing it is a super gloomy day today
look at that gloomy and it kind of looks
like it might snow but hey I'm using my
new camera as suggested by Gemma
yesterday so hopefully you're enjoying
this and hopefully you've seen a brand
new intro which I might create today
because by the time I create it I would
edit it at the beginning of this video
if that makes sense but welcome to the
office or I need to try this one sec
will it work first time come on there we
go why can't I get it to work properly I
have no idea but I'm just about to sit
down and make some video so I'm going to
turn this big light on there we go and
I'm gonna turn this big light on as well
I'm actually going to try and get
different lights so I only need one
rather than two because they're kind of
big as well but is 20 past 12 which is a
little bit late for me to start making
videos because I really wanted to get
like three days worth of videos done
today but I don't think that's gonna
happen somehow but I'm gonna try my best
I woke up this morning my throat was
killing me and I thought I was getting a
cold I still might be getting a cold but
it's kind of subsided right now I had
two cups of tea I've got my third one
right here in my um in my little
lemongrass mug yes perfect and I'm gonna
eat some of these some pond bears that's
what I'm talking about you can open this
up you don't this is what a pond bear is
it is literally a bear shaped crisp it's
great and they taste really really good
so I'm going to make a video right now
I'm gonna play an adventure map which
I've all got set up I'm ready to go and
I'm kind of liking that I've got my my
camera and eggs it's kind of easier just
like spin around and stuff like that but
hey I better start recording before I
get even more late than I am okay
first video went well it's about half an
hour long as well which is pretty good
but I'm halfway through the adventure
maps' something to record the second bit
that's going to go up tomorrow I'm going
to record that now so that I'm a little
bit ahead and while my voice is still
working and my camera
got battery charge ready so next thing
on the agenda is another tea just to
loosen up the vocal cords of course we
also need to sort out this room it's
like it's really messy I mean it's
literally just a junk room I haven't
played my guitar in ages either which is
bad but um I still got this guy which is
good I'm going to incorporate him into
the room and well I feel very
lightheaded right now I can see I'm
supposed to be happy to see me what
goodies are within the fridge oh my
goodness my nose is getting a little bit
blocked I don't like that I don't like
that that's another good reason to get
prepped on videos but I need a pre video
snack those are all drinks got my
chocolate frogs from the Harry Potter
thing I could you I guess no oh by the
way YouTube secrets this is what my bomb
half looks like most of the time when
I'm doing videos I want to need to get
the top half of me ready
the rest is all baggy trousers and comfy
socks as well so good and these are from
um drop dead which is a really good
clothes coming this just build not just
launched then newest clothesline my bots
pretty much all of it so I'm thinking
these I think it's the last one oh hey
it's the last one sorry Rolo's and I'm
sorry you could have any days I'm sorry
you can't have it you can lick it but
you can't eat it what's going on here
huh what's going on
right time to record part two it's
really quite dark and hopefully you can
see me I'm pretty sure you can anyway I
have just finished the videos for today
and actually I just get one done for
tomorrow so I've already told you about
so it's now what does that say half past
four so it's not even that late it's
just super super dark and we still need
to walk the dogs have dinner and I want
to work with my intro for this video
hopefully I will be able to do it I've
got a simple idea I just actually need
to make it so tea mug arm what else do I
need I think that's it I just need this
and I'm kind of hungry as well I'm
already hungry but let's get the dogs
walked and whatever else we need to do
because I have no idea
I've literally been grinding out these
videos this puzzle map took me so long
but hopefully it's worth it cuz I liked
it oh and I also need to edit today's
vlog which I completely forgot about as
well I just put the camera somewhere did
I just
Wi-Fi do that I just put the camera a
battery in my pocket which I wasn't
supposed to do supposed to do that right
there now we can go downstairs - what
time is it is it time for a walk wanna
go for a walk good technology so excited
already
oh let's get this on you shall we
Eddie's turn Eddie
la la you ready for a walk
no you sure you wanna go for a walk you
look so cute on his bean bag this is new
by the way guys it's my favorite and
it's the puppies favorite - I think
she's mad at me and if you imagine me
yep look at that place so bad
Doss is ready
pubs walked which means instant of time
of course and check this out it looks
really random and I know it is beans
many sausages which are the best thing
ever and this is called chicken on
croute which is chicken and a big old
bag of pastry and it's so good there's a
Christmas tree fight going on we could
find it another woman going tents
you got me yet so out of this place I'd
be nice to feel like you trusted me I do
I just wanted to be hugs a crazy need to
see if my vlogmas has uploaded to Jay
well obviously today but right now no
excuse me the end no right what if we
got here what if we go here what if we
go here can you see you can't see ya
what is it gonna be 77% what time is it
I'm probably completely out focused now
it is 1909 oh I don't know what to do I
still got one more video to upload for
my main channel this is why should edit
the daily vlogs before I go to bed on
the day that I do them then I kept them
ready to upload in the morning that's
definitely what I'm gonna do but for now
I'm going to go and try to why am I
gonna do a comment below do the intro
for this video I'm gonna try cuz I've
got a little bit of spare time for some
reason hmm yes so mean I'm saying that
should be done pretty soon and so yeah
I'm going to do an intro for today's
video
I'm going to try using a different
program so it might take a while but I'm
gonna do it but first I need to do
something
where are they how'd you go find them
what what what is this what is this
doing it
oops what is going on found them these
things are so good I forgot to do it
again it's 9 p.m. I still haven't done
this let's see if I can do this with
this camera in my hand instead number
free right they're gonna get his eeeh I
can never do this with one hand this if
I can do it oh oh one hand as well
beautiful right who is this oh it's the
Milky Bar kid with a stocking but what
is it gonna be inside I have no idea
what that is they like ornaments I think
their ornaments or bubbles away taste
good no it's time for my millionth team
of the day I think I finished my intro
to progress but I kind of don't like it
so I might redo it so the one that
you're seen at the beginning of this
video is one life made today and spent
ages on now it's 9 p.m. which I've
already said I don't know what to do
myself
I really don't I might just join DeLeon
sleeping don't you look cute near the
tree haha
but I'm going to show you guys the tree
a bit closer because I'm using my bad
camera so I'll probably look better so
presents down the bottom it definitely
looks better so there you go there's our
tree which I can't get in the whole shop
because it's so big all the way to the
top I don't know as well if we've shown
you these before but these are all like
Instagram posts that Germans made and
just pictures of the pugs and they put
them this company puts them all into all
these like little squares and puts them
on the wall it's really cool there's one
over here as well but they're also my
car remember where she got them from but
check it out it looks so cool this one's
really yellow over here it's you lamp hu
but um yeah look how cool they look I
think someone's after my toast
you are cheeky little miss looker look
Caesar I'm just licking the bottom and
then she converts her tongue to the top
of the plates to try and lick the toast
excuse me excuse me this is not right
she's not oh oh oh can you hear that
could you hear that it's Ellie bear
Haley what are you doing
is it because of this I think it's
because of this oh no oh no look this is
what happens when you have pugs by the
way guys and you have foods this is what
happens I'm just trying to eat some
toast
guys guys a man made a bad life choice I
just was a bit peckish before we go to
bed and I ate crisps I know I know but I
did say that I wanted biscuits we had no
biscuits so I crisps instead bad choice
but I've got teas like alabanza alright
I think so
what is going on Eddie what's happening
what's going on you guys having a chase
you guys are in a chase I can hear Darcy
upstairs here she comes
there she is way as I said earlier dem
pugs be crazy that went up and down so I
don't even know if you can hear them
they're like elephants up there anyway
I'm going to end today smoke here I hope
you enjoyed it if you did please leave a
big fat thumbs up that would be awesome
I hope you are enjoying vlogmas cuz i'm
enjoying doing it i'm enjoying being
back on daily vlogging if not going to
do much I still find it fun to film so
thanks for watching I'll see you guys
tomorrow
