come on come on why aren't you working
why aren't you working I need these
lights to work come on Jessie why are
you working my person my button on come
on come on why are you working I'm right
there we go
that's better I need my inspiration
lights and my creepy selection of skulls
but we'll ignore that for now era how's
it going welcome to day two of vlogmas I
have just finished at day I have just
finished editing day one of vlogmas and
i do all my editing for my vlogs now and
my filming as well on my iphone which
you're looking at right now so I do all
editing rendering thumbnail and
everything on my phone because it's
really nice and convenient and just
because of that really tip so I've just
finished editing and rendering has just
finished as well on the story mode
competition video that - you will have
seen already
I believe I'm so confused but when these
videos go up now so yeah you guys would
have already seen it so I'm just gonna
compress it real quick look no hands so
um I really hope you're going to enjoy
blogs but today is gonna be one of those
days where I literally just work on on
videos the whole time can't talk because
I'm multitasking ah there we go
all done so yet today is a video where
you're going to see how um how
uneventful my days can be so lots of
video making which I've already kind of
done it is why 10:00 to 2:00 we've got
some cleaners coming around about 4 ish
and then I'm gonna have to well we're
gonna play off the pogs all day that's
what I think the plan is gonna be but
for now I need to do some tidying up
because Darcy here has made all of this
mess look at this mess oh man I'm not
looking forward to cleaning this up why
would you do it dice why did you make
that mess she's like it wasn't me it
wasn't me I was looking at my coffee cup
look Oh
Nina's early I didn't even see you there
are you doing ha ha ha hey guys you
don't IT that's
mati to be honest it's just mostly stuff
that we didn't clear away from yesterday
so just packets and things so it
shouldn't be too much of an issue to be
honest most of it is just stuff that I
didn't clear away yesterday from Costa
so hopefully it will just involve
putting some some stuff in the bin but I
better get to it otherwise I'll be in
trouble
lots of trouble what do you mean you're
not gonna help me cause I need help with
this you're gonna help me ally No
hey does what about you you're gonna
help me couldn't no I don't think any of
them are gonna help no no just me we go
let's take a trip should have been of
many and almost dropped what I was
taking welcome back to the garden guys
it's been so long look at these chairs
behind me where are they where are they
where are they there they are
hmm not quite where they're supposed to
be which is there because we've had
crazy strong winds in the UK it's been
insane so step one of cleaning is
happening yep I told you my day is
really on that interesting but now
you're watching them we already have a
problem nailed it du du du-de du-de
du-de du-de du-de du-de du-de du-de
divot uh don't bark at me Oh
don't you eat applause you weak applause
I will I think I started a fight we will
be nice to each other please it's clean
I done it look look how clean this place
is yes and here is the reward that's
what I'm talking about okay okay okay so
uh I have just finished I can't remember
when I've logged last this is going to
be a popular theme to the vlogs I think
is not really when I blog last oh it was
when I made a cup of tea so I drunk that
tea and now I have just finished
recording a diamond dimensions episode
which was super fun and it is now 3:23
which means that I have an hour-ish
until the cleaners come which means I
need to edit this and get it going and
before they come pretty much because I
can't record and edit while they're here
it's kind of awkward so what am I gonna
do now edit make thumbnails and then I'm
not too sure but you guys will know
about it I think it's going okay today
putting new something and now it is
dinner time so we're gonna have
something really non Christmassy and
we're gonna have steaks which we really
really love so um I'm getting a little
bit of a sore throat which isn't good I
don't need this I don't need this
probably to the worst things that
youtuber can get a sore throat and a
broken hand I may have had both by the
way it's not too bad at the minute I'm
just going to arrest it this evening but
we've got you remember a long long time
ago me and Gemma were addicted to this
program called The Apprentice
well the new series has started and is
really really good and it's on tonight
so we're gonna chill watch The
Apprentice and cordula pogs which sounds
awesome but first I need to make sure
the videos today have worked and
uploaded they're going to be a bit late
already but that's fine and then eat and
then we can chill and maybe play some
guitar hero as well which I haven't told
you about yet
oh I need to upload the first vlogmas
video while it's already uploaded but
i'm just about to set it live i hope you
guys enjoy it because my vlogmas is
gonna be a lot different to be able to
normally do vlog but so hopefully you
guys enjoy it but for now my belly's
empty yes check this out these steaks
are absolutely massive then we go on
your rings and then we got peas for me
and what was in there pajama because
she'd only please yeah but these these
are looking good
Darcy's going for the next best thing
which is the UM gloves okay no doors we
do means you looking oven gloves
yeah come show everyone about it no it's
so cute
I think Eddie can smell it is that you
hey Eddie can you smell you schmuck oh
she can smell oh look at this - oh good
doesn't it smell so good here are the
stakes like I'm not talking to you until
you give me a piece well if you're
googlies you might get a piece if you're
vegetarian I'm sorry but that tasted
good now comes most important parts
guys what's this is he is it steak you
love steady come on in
yeah it's look how excited she is oh my
goodness right let me put my phone down
and then we can have a good girl so I'm
gonna get Darcy to do this new trick
okay she learnt it so go down go down to
us go down there we go ready oh my
goodness water let's try it again go
down yeah a playdate there you go
enjoy not Ellie you can move it this way
but girl can you go down good at least
not so smart she can't get that trick
yet you could get this he goes
nom-nom-nom-nom making me the bed the
pugs love the steak now I didn't know
what I was gonna do right now but I need
to go and get my laptop charger because
I want to check I've just put the first
episode of my blog must live so I want
to see what people think but I load up
my laptop and it's dead so that's great
we get the charger plug it in and then
we'll read some comments together how
about that yeah I think so
okay here we go let's go on my channel
and there is my first vlog misete see
cuz I haven't uploaded to this since the
the Harry Potter videos so it would
probably be a little bit slow into a bit
of momentum but let's have a look at the
comments you want to read some huh
you can smell my steak breath con you
she just sneezed all over my arm people
think you're Cuba really really you just
you just a sneeze box I see you that
Micmac a sign I love the woman smiling
in the background at 1 minute 50 I think
it's about here there we go I caught you
I caught you smiling by stupid RZ look
in general they all look pretty good so
I'm glad you're enjoying the vlogs I'm
still debating whether to use my phone
or my main blogging camera the only
problem is I forget my main vlogging
camera a lot and this is just easier
because as I said earlier in this vlog
that I do all my editing and everything
on the phone so it's just kind of easier
I guess now I've got what time is it
what time is it let me check the time
it's all rights half passe okay I've got
some time to play some guitar hero which
is one of mine and gems favorite games
at the moment so let's play and I think
I might try and use this to film it with
because I can zap videos from this to my
phone so I can actually use it in the
vlog why don't I use this to vlog maybe
maybe I don't know I might do Ellie what
do you think it's a yes where are your
feet going and let me know somewhere so
you know what let's try it let's try
some GoPro footage while I'm playing
guitar hero I'm blowing your minds with
music I might forgotten I haven't done
something I haven't done something my
videos aren't out yet they're not out
yet which is bad it's blue now it's blue
my lamps are on my lights my LEDs
whatever you want to call them come on
please why you do this if you're not in
a rush this won't happen if you're in a
rush you can guarantee that it's gonna
happen and we just change hands there we
go um yeah I need to fix this then we
can chill and play guitar hero one thing
is though I don't know if my GoPro has
battery I have no idea so let's exit
YouTube yes please and then oh I didn't
see you down there what have you got oh
no oh no she stole it she absolutely
stole it
what are you doing she's at um this is
mine I don't think so I don't think so
where did you get that from as you're
too stuck on your lip as well Darcy you
stole my GoPro you know how much these
things cost
she's like the most expensive to where
you will ever get given and you stole it
from me
that gives me quite a good idea we could
do some fun stuff with the GoPro and the
pugs what's cool is I can actually
control the GoPro from this right here
which is absolutely insane so let's play
some guitar oh it's rock you know what I
think that was my best score so far in
that song Oh guys that's what I'm
talking about two hundred and sixty six
thousand two hundred fifty nine on
experts yes and that's actually one of
my favorite songs as well so replace
some more of this and I probably
apprentice time and then I don't know
I've forgotten to do my AB in calendar
again so let's grab a and me and gem
just watched what I've watched a couple
times my foot was okay but Jem watched
the first vlogmas video which went up
today and she reckons that I should use
my normal vlogging camera so as of
tomorrow I'm gonna try it up the quality
and take vlogmas super seriously I
didn't think I'd be able to like vlog
too much but it turns out that I can get
a good like six or seven minutes out of
the day so tomorrow vlogmas is is proper
it's a proper thing and you guys seem to
be loving the vlog so we defined number
two where's number two where are you
number two oh it's there on the carat of
the donkey oh that didn't sound good
that didn't sound good come on come on
yeah I'm just so tricky right to Santa
that is all to Santa right with the
fucking doing is it's a nice white what
is that it's a candle yeah it's a candle
okay let's eat that beautiful so expect
tomorrow better quality and I'm gonna
buy like a new battery for my camera so
I've always got like two or maybe even
three full batteries for recording on my
of a camera or might even buy like two
cameras so I always have one like in my
car so I don't forget it stuff like that
anyway that is the second episode of
vlogmas I hope you guys are enjoying it
if you are please be a big fat thumbs up
that we greatly appreciate it as well
tomorrow vlogmas is proper hey guys
thank you so much for watching again
please you leave a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I will see you guys
tomorrow
