guys how's it going I'm running late of
course and I don't know whether to wear
my sent out or not no not today not
today but I'm running late today is day
one of insomnia and I don't know how
much talking about the film today so I
don't know whether I'm going to put this
up on Monday or Sunday but if you seen
this on Sunday I decided to well I've
logged enough to be able to because of a
really really busy day today I've got a
meet-and-greet in literally like 15
minutes and then I've got a stage show a
little bit of a break then another meet
and greet in that lasts the entire show
so I don't know how much I'm gonna be
able to film but try and get as much as
I can for you guys so I guess we'd
better get going
so I made it and it turns out I wasn't
actually that's late which is good so I
managed to fit in eating which I told
you get to do events but I am here at my
meeting read section which is well this
is the queueing system right here so
this is gonna be filled with you guys in
any minute now and we've also got wiper
you want to show you was this check this
out this is the background that we've
got the professional photos is literally
got the pugs on it's so awesome so it's
kind of like the pugs are with me well I
think that's just Darcy
it's just Darcy but look look how cute
that is so if you get a picture with me
insomnia over the weekends Darcy will be
with us
don't worry yeah I've got this to do
which I think lasts for about two hours
and I'm gonna go straight over to the
main stage but I'll try and get some
footage off as well to do my little show
which we haven't done yet so that's
gonna be pretty interesting and it's
gonna be lots of fun too because I think
there's got to be thousands of you guys
there which is going to be awesome and
then move into a second session of this
and I think that's pretty much the day
over there's a lot of meeting you guys
which is the main reason I come to these
events anyway and then hang out
afterwards so this is gonna be an
awesome event
I'm really excited see you guys in a bit
I see you all the people ready to go in
I'll see you
okay first me I've done I hope you can
hear me because we are backstage in a
little green room area which is pretty
cool it's like Solon's not which is
pretty awesome but I'm just going to
check out here pop now because I'm just
about to go out in front of all of those
guys do you mind it would an tiem show
hope now them get something recorded at
least but yeah tons of fun I'm in a good
time that's crazy
don't just ask on stage I'll catch the
bridge for you this is gonna be awesome
that was awesome that was so awesome
there's like over 3000 people there
which is like the size of some about two
audiences so that was very cool and who
came to the live tour the live show and
Tom near thank you we still want to do
tomorrow but that was awesome thank you
guys as you can see a live show up
really well and I am back with this
background which means I am here for
round two of signing things and get
pictures with you guys and the pictures
got really awesome as well so going to
me I think double the amount this time
so it's gonna take about three hours and
then it's time to hang out afterwards so
let's meet you guys and then I'll see
you afterwards for some some good old
fun hopefully see you later guys
my camera is running out of battery hey
guys before
okay yeah I got cut off because about
you ran out do it but I just woke up
from a ban hours nap because I was tired
I didn't know I was tired I just kind of
laid down for a bit while I was waiting
for food be delivered and purposely like
an hour so I'm today was really fun you
guys are as lovely as ever thank you so
much for coming to meet me today and
coming to see my live show that was
really really cool and there were a ton
of you today absolutely loads but it was
loads of fun so thank you but I think I
might actually end the vlog here because
I'm from now we're gonna get food and
then I'm going to hang out with
something called the pub quiz which is
basically a place where everyone gets to
hang out and I'm not gonna take my
camera with me cuz we'll bulky and
annoying to carry which is kind of
exactly what happened so it's now Monday
I've just been editing the vlog for
insomnia I'm so so sorry I didn't vlog
that much but day to day one you've just
seen the day two is literally identical
and I had zero time to vlog by God some
cool pieces so why thought I do just
round this up it's so some cool pictures
from the event like what loads of
pictures to show you guys they look
incredible so this might look terrible I
apologize but I've got my camera
literally pointing at the screen but
these are some of the photos that I got
with you guys over insomnia and this is
one of the things that from 110 percent
gaming which is a magazine in the UK and
they've got down TDM issue coming out in
February so definitely look out for that
it looks incredible so here are some of
the photos from the first half an hour
looking good guys see if you can spot
yourself if you went to insomnia on the
Saturday see if you can spot yourself
there's even more of you guys we took so
many pictures let's still going
literally still going there's so many of
you there's some for a little bit later
in the day as well and let's pick
something from Sunday as well these are
all random not going to show all of them
because ill take way too long but look
we took loads of pictures we got an
awesome Pikachu hat over there oh this
is so great I love the background as
well looks awesome and one final page
another Pikachu a full Pikachu this time
all the way down to the bottom
we took like I think just over a
thousand pictures which was awesome and
I've got these to show you too this is
one of my favorite pictures from the
event this was me on stage obviously and
this was over 3,000 people even on our
lens this wired you can't see all the
people over here and over here it was
huge and then we've got dantdm shop that
was there as well he could get all your
awesome merch and then that was the
front of the stage looking from the
audience when we're doing our talk show
so overall it was an incredible weekend
thank you guys so much for coming out
and meeting me you're absolutely lovely
as I've said already I'm not gonna go on
too long but I hope you enjoyed this
vlog if you did please leave a big fat
thumbs up that we greatly appreciated
and I won't see you guys at tomorrow see
you later guys bye
