what's up guys say how are you doing
welcome to December yes it is finally
December which is crazy because the year
is going so fast but welcome to another
vlog so I'm gonna try and do some mini
vlogs that during every day in December
a lot of the time I'm doing this which
is making videos so I don't have a lot
of time to vlog which is why I kind of
stopped daily vlogging in the first
place but for December I'm gonna try and
do vlogmas and see how it goes so these
videos might not be that long but at
least you'll have something to watch
I guess so I'm today as you see right
here i am already rendering out a video
it's second part of me at my robot which
you would have seen already on the other
channel but um we're actually going to
go out and do some well we're going to
try and do a little bit of christmas
shopping for the house because we need
some more decorations for the house
because we've got some good ones i'll
show you them later do not worry but the
main reason we're going is because
there's this shop called Casta which is
kind of like starbucks in the UK I don't
know if Koster is anywhere else or not
in the world I have no idea but anyway
they do some really cool special drinks
so what I'm gonna do is turn these
lights off real quick I don't know why I
had the mine in the first place but um
we're gonna go and try some of those
because they're so good and I'm bringing
you guys with me so let's go we made it
we're shopping we're not actually
Christmas shopping right now we're
shopping for paints cuz we want to paint
the living room but we can't decide
which color to do it so we're here
picking some paints and there's just a
few colors to choose from it's gonna
take forever to choose one I think we've
won up any one gray I think so final
Christmas star Oh
oh my goodness I don't think I'm gonna
get that no no the shop was pretty
unsuccessful so waiting up next also has
a cost to inside ourselves telling you
about earlier we change shops again I
guess what jammers out
yep I think we need to fix my hair
um we're doing really bad - Christmas
shopping so we're gonna go pencil home
and buy Christmas stuff for dogs instead
so hopefully look it was successful this
little guy what are you doing are we
cheering man
he
hey bogeys Oh fine fine fine bye
yeah they came back Hayley are you doing
uh-huh major home we go Kosta it was
pretty busy so we had to wait a while
we're home hypocrisy there she goes did
you see a bug bomb anyway way back oh
it's le Lai did you miss us
did you miss us did you miss us oh my
goodness yeah any any any issues what is
it dad
you go see honest guys it was a pretty
poor shopping day but we go he came
forward it was just Kosta stuff pretty
much goodies two little cups so I didn't
actually tell you what drinks they do
I've got a fudge caramel hot chocolate
and gem did have a white hot chocolate
eating already
and then they've got like a special
Christmas sandwich it's got Turkey and
all that good stuff do you have
Christmas dinner in a sandwich and gems
got what did you get a ham and cheese
panini good stuff let's eat he does are
you ready to go for a walk do you want
to go for a walk yeah well badly which
by le
you ruined it okay guys it is now pretty
late I think it's about 11 p.m. I'm not
too sure I just had a super long phone
call which was a lot longer than I
thought it was going to be so I was in
the middle of watching CSI which is a
program that I'm currently super
obsessed with so I need to put that back
on but first I have just realised the
one I haven't opened my advent calendar
and this is my first video of vlogmas so
that's bad and it's almost the second
day of December so I need to do that
before midnight and I haven't showed you
the tree and stuff you might have seen
it in the background but this is our
Christmas tree we went out and bought a
new one because we put up one of them
that we had from like a couple years ago
and it was terrible so let me show you
this it's like I think it's seven foot
six so it's almost to our ceiling look
there's about a centimetres gap between
the top of that star and the ceiling so
it's absolutely huge but we went with
silver and white and I think it looks
pretty cool and we've also got lights
around the top of our window where our
garden is and one of my favorite bits is
these presents as well check that out
what do you guys think what do you guys
think I think it looks super oh I think
the pugs messed up I like to sleep on it
but there's our Christmas tree I think
it's pretty cool and that yeah I'm
standing up right now right next to it
and that's how much taller is the me
it's absolutely huge even though I am
sure but now it's time to open the
advent calendar I've got a mocha bar one
check it out white chocolate all the way
and Gemma's got a Disney Princess one
which is already open so let's grab
dears the pogs also have a pink
calendars as well I need to try and find
one where is one I see it it's here it's
here
so yeah the pugs have one too oh I can't
get this open that's definitely one
isn't it yeah and it's getting about to
light one sec that's better let's open
it there we go
Christmas tree hello I'm doing so
festive now
kind of way to Christmas look at whites
yes white chocolate is one of the best
Oh what is it it's an eco little snowman
mmm and he tastes good hmm
so that is pretty much gonna wrap up day
one of blog miss you're seeing this on
December the 2nd so I'm going to upload
them the day after I record them so I'm
recording this into something first
you're seeing on December the 2nd and if
you enjoying them please do leave a big
fat thumbs up to celebrate the start of
dantdm vlogmas challenge I hope I do
keep this up I'm pretty sure I will
pop now thank you so much watching again
if you'd enjoy it please do big fat
thumbs up that would be awesome and
subscribe if you want to keep up to date
with the rest of vlogmas now see you
guys in the next video
good boy sleeping little buggy so sleepy
