hello guys how are you doing - welcome
to a very special video because today we
have been invited to a special VIP tour
of the Harry Potter studios and we're
here right now and have a time to do an
intro at home but um yeah we're here
right now and it's for the Hogwarts in
the snow
debut so this is a day before open to
the public so we've got axis all night
and I'm bringing new guys with me so
check it out already here so this is
like exactly the legit place where they
filmed it right
yeah it's the and replacement film just
look at the Great Hall
they've got Hogwarts they've got
everything so it's quite sight
you
I would like to welcome you the very
words happy heard when he writes at the
castle welcome
today go the great wall where we had
drinks and canapes everything now is
made out to be Christmasy which is why
we're here for the special preview and
you come here over the next few months
then it will be in snowy snowy form and
it looks amazing now all of this stuff
is legit so like all these are all the
things that were worn by the actual
actors this was actually in the big ball
scene as well and all of this stuff was
used even that the tiny mock-up bridge
of Hogwarts so this place is insane
lovely look before the Yule Ball stuff
too
looks incredible
look it's the mirror of Erised edge but
when we see in our future I see me it
doesn't work for me it doesn't work for
me at all but it's freezing here check
out this giant pendulum look it's
massive and see how many props you can
recognize here that looks like da peas
it's like a doggy set of armor look at
that and there's a giant armor right
here
it's insane just how crazy is that look
fake chickens and turkeys man this is
cool
the invisibility cloak obviously not
working right now because you can see
him and Gryffindor common room just
chilling with a combining Ron and Harry
but it just looks incredible they've got
all the I need to zoom on this look look
the skulls on that tree
I want those my tree at home check those
out this is what we got to do you know
what this is guys I solemnly swear them
up to no good
where we're going to go the entrance to
Dumbledore's office
Oh majestic I should have this is the
entrance to my office maybe even more
cool props over here including the giant
golden egg of course and deal the
Triwizard cup
I want that let's got dragons on the
sides is stuff that you can't see in the
film like the Dragons on the handles and
how big it is look sighs Macbeth my head
it's pretty big you miss pretty boobs
and there's a big golden skeleton now I
would like my office please
this skeleton is also wearing pants I
think my phone as you know that's a
little bit weird and we've got little 50
stores have a strange fascination with
skulls for those of courses the
Philosopher's Stone oh my goodness the
crystal goblet here to the snitch to
every main prop in here and Azkaban
prison prison number and it illuminates
you of course
it's moving by itself how so I said I
had a skull obsession check out how many
amazing ones are here we've got puffer
fish this one's got something on its
head this one down here has a mohawk so
many cool things I love to steal for my
office look at the wall
it's yogini
to
now in the Ministry of Magic look these
little offices up here but there's also
these crazy tall green walls that arc
all the way up to the ceiling they are
ginormous it's absolutely gianormous
but participants all the Ministry of
Magic sky in neutral reverse brush up
bridges office as well showing shadow
it's all pink we've got the cat plates
of course you've got the caplets there's
tons of amazing stuff and look by
zooming on this people like all the
documents and papers all have stuff
written on it it's insanely amount of
detail that's on it so much pink so much
cats so medium actually been here before
but it was about maybe four years ago
three or four years ago and they didn't
have this bit this is platform nine and
three-quarters between platform nine and
ten so we haven't seen this video
oh Jesus actually a ginormous platform
oh my goodness
look at this was hid around that corner
around there
this is Matt we're in the Hogwarts
Express we've been on this in America
this is the actual one used to film in
and they've got like cauldrons and crazy
stuff in here
it looks exactly like the one in America
when you wonder right okay
it all began in here even was Scabbers
in his little with the every flavor
beans we put him to little Scabbers is
about to be a time
Stolley finish bubbles by slowing look
so my nose and my ear is gonna go and
see if anyone's in clear walk on that
you walk now I'm going to see if anyone
should we see
so you see she's number four no at all
so doesn't want to talk ha ha ha
whoa check it out costume department
it's nearly headless Nick and tons and
tons of these guys this chili on shelves
we control off camera if we got it might
never tweet this week with its really
this issue about the more I do anything
sighs stammers to me people thing is
doing all right
mystery Peter is there something else
you can press the button for on TV Oh
that's good spray get offered a book
moves
oh it does and then a screaming blonde
Mandrake's it's not screaming no they
need a big shooter sweaty sky here's the
main attraction Hogwarts in the snow so
this they use to actually film all the
flowers and stuff but if you come at
this time of year it's covered in snow
check it out the whole thing is covered
this is right at the end of the tour
where I put all of these ones and they
all have different names on every single
one has a different name how mad is that
this is where we spend loads of money
the shop there's so much stuff in here
look def eat a mug affair Latinas whole
body under and there you go that's the
snippet out record for you it's actually
really really good because they've got
the platform 9 and 3/4 that we haven't
seen before when we see before the night
bus and privet drive this has so much
cool stuff in there I just think it's
cool to go back and we know and then
when they tweens you haven't talked to
someone who the person who invited us to
this place they said that they do other
special events to talk they will come
back in the future but um we bought some
things because we had to buy some things
there's some really cool stuff too so
we've got these like goodie bags so I
don't know wire in them Jemma said
there's a chocolate frog in one so I'd
say that's a win so we're gonna do is
drive home and then I'm gonna schmooze
in this Emily ball so we're home so we
have a good time at the Hogwarts in the
snow preview and it was super cool
so what I need to do now is open these
so these are like these two a goody bags
we got one each I'm guessing they're the
same I'm pretty sure they're the same
but first I'm gonna show you guys what
we will be bought so the first one is
this it's a pop but look Lord
Baltimore's a pop figure it's so amazing
I had to buy that that's mine and Jem
gots the dumb little one because she
absolutely loves Dumbledore so check
those out they're absolutely perfect
schuster of fish and gem also bought a
jumper
look look mom she bought a I think it's
a dark mark jumper if I can actually
open it there we go look dark mark jump
it is that you really require I wish I
got one actually I should have got one
the regret is setting in up right
goody bags I want to see what's in this
tab no idea so it's like there's a note
says thank you for joining us at the
making of Harry Potter
hashtag Hogwarts in the snow you go
check out the website
to go and check out Hogwarts in the snow
if you want sit in London and all the
props are genuine it's cool they
actually film Harry Potter there and
there they were recording the new film
which is like a 50-year prequel to Harry
Potter which was being filmed there
which is crazy so they're still using
any stuff um at a chocolate bar oh my
gosh I've never actually opened one of
these before but a chocolate frog
awesome I think it's exactly the same
yeah there we go in there as well so um
Thank You Warner Bros for inviting me
and Gemma down to the studio it's really
cool to go again
and I hope you guys enjoyed those sneak
peek that you got um go knock on the
hashtag Hogwarts in the snow to check
out all the other people that went and
other pictures and stuff because I'm
sure I missed some things anyway hope
you enjoyed this video and joining me on
this little vlog and if you did leave a
thumbs up that would greatly appreciate
and I'll see you guys in the next video
goodbye it
