well hello there you join me in the
popemobile yet again because today we're
doing a fan meetup this is one of the
first times I've ever done like a fan
meetup outside of maybe insomnia but
today I'm going into a place called
hemel hempstead to do a really awesome
as signing in a toy shop which should be
really cool so I thought I'd bring you
guys with me so actually not late this
time not yet anyway so I'm better get
going
see you guys
so deciding and Dylan's I think the
fifth person and he made this really
awesome picture so banks didn't
some say something - camera - Jimmy
oh now you are now you are hey guys this
is Ben and he's come all the way from
Kaptur which takes about eight hours as
we say anything to blog dantdm is the
best teacher ever I can agree with that
right so this is Hannah and she's made
these awesome little kind of like chibi
what are they called canvases they're
very cool so thank you so much so now
I've met Loretto she's made an amazing
little picture of me and gauzy check it
out how amazing is that
thank you so much
well well that was insane I tried to
record as much as possible but a
two-hour meetup turned into four hours
that is insane but it was so so fun to
me as many of you as the got tickets I
got to me every single one of you which
was a man a couple that didn't as well
which was cool so my goodness that was
absolutely mind-blowing I cannot believe
how many of you turned up hopefully I
got some cool footage um I don't know if
I did hopefully I did so I'm gonna get
home now because it's what it's dark for
a start is half 6:00 I think so I'm
gonna get home and then we'll go over
some of the stuff that I got given as
well jeez you guys are not spots
absolutely love you so I've got a
confession it is currently two days
after the meetup yes - because I'm after
the beat up I literally fell asleep and
yesterday I was doing videos for ages
and now we are right here so I'm gonna
upload this video today on the channel
the orchha go right out so um I'm gonna
quickly show you some stuff I got given
because I just watched over the footage
I didn't really record much I should
take him to meetups
what do you think so I didn't record
much of the beat up but it was very very
busy I need to get through every single
person and it still took four hours
which was mad but I put a lot of stuff
check this out so in this box right here
no that's a bag in the bag right here I
have some stuff that I got given now I
show you some of it I've got some like
amazing boxes check this out look at
that that is incredible absolutely
incredible I've got um stuff for the
dogs look a doggy like a dog stocking
for Christmas which is coming up very
soon
it's November already as you're watching
this um of course I was so many sweets
which is amazing so thank you so much
guys and all of this - which is in here
there's so much stuff from 400 people it
is insane so I never feel like you have
to bring me something but you guys
absolutely kill it every single time so
thank you so much I hope you enjoyed
this little this little video into the
world of the meetup that we um that we
hired if I saw you at the meetup then
thanks so much you guys are the best
and I enjoyed me and every single one of
you so there as a meet-up coming up in
November which I'm going to tell you
about very very soon and then we've got
insomnia in December which I'm going to
be out for three whole days which is
going to be awesome so I'm going to try
and get back into vlogging a little bit
more it will never go back to daily
because I'm just a you know making
videos all the time so I never go back
to daily but it'll be cool to get back
to like vlogging certain stuff that I do
so hopefully you guys would like that
and I am pretty much gonna end this
video X I've nothing else to talk about
little gassed little car so thank you so
much watching guys if you did enjoy a
few big fat thumbs up and I'll see you
guys in the next video good
