everyone and Dan here and welcome back
to another video where today I want to
start off today's video by apologizing
for not uploading for a while this right
here my broken hand has been keeping me
very very busy trying to upload
consistently as possible on the other
channels so I just wanted to squeeze in
a quick apology but hopefully we back to
normal now especially when this comes
off but that's not what we wanted to do
today what I wanted to do is I'm
something really awesome with Instagram
now I know you guys love using Instagram
as much as I do but I think we might use
it for a slightly different reason
now I post a lot of pictures you guys
post a lot of pictures but what I love
doing is checking out what pictures
people have tagged me in because usually
it's really funny edit a really funny
meme that they've made using one of my
stupid faces of a poll so today I'm
going to share that experience with you
guys so let's do it here we go here is
my phone here is the screen and I'm
check it out this is my photo oh my
goodness that's a lot of emails I should
probably reply to those hey let's open
Instagram in there ma there's me there's
Ellie there's an awesome cake that you
guys loved as well but this is the magic
button you need to press the photos of
you this is where I spent a lot of my
time looking at awesome edits you guys
made of me so let's look at them
together cuz some of them are incredibly
awesome starting off with this one check
it out me and Cindy go I've been turned
in to deal with it - rainbow puns check
that's out this is just the tip of the
iceberg they get a lot crazier than that
what's next what's next what's next oh I
love this picture what I posted this
picture actually this is just screen cap
from a video I have seen so many edits
with this one but with different memes
over the top so when someone doesn't
know dantdm you just go what you you
don't know dantdm the zone is awesome oh
my goodness look at this wait wait wait
let me show you the original picture
original picture
just take it in for a second - skulls
because I love skulls inside a creepy
gas chamber transformed into crazy edits
of my two faces now replacing the skulls
inside a glass chamber how awesome would
that be to have that in my office you
guys are insane okay that's pretty cool
me with pink hair and a cute little
diamond on the top right that's pretty
awesome then you can go one step further
and check out this me with complete Punk
overall bright blue hair is that is that
a nose ring that's a nose ring birds on
my neck and tattoos absolutely
everywhere that is that is crazy
oh man I kind of like it though what do
you think huh
that cat is hugging a creeper it's it's
so cute
um that's kind of Awesome okay this one
is very much Halloween themed they added
massive fangs and blood everywhere oh
it's not quite the same as it oh oh look
at this you save me stupid ID oh my
goodness look at that series that you
got a super D in the middle oh that is
crazy you guys are nuts
oh oh why is that a nap
oh my goodness I need to get this up
Messer are we look at that it's me as a
pretty lady I don't know what to say
tip names names
we need more memes ah you'll never know
yeah I'm a wizard I'm finally a wizard
oh my goodness I've always wanted to be
one of those
I haven't seen this before they so cool
it's quite a little cast on oh that is
so cool look it matches is awesome I
really really don't know what to say
about this
you put my head on top of a is that a
dolphin is that a dolphin when someone
uses me as their armrest can you not say
what what that that's your pretty good
edit
oh man I'm a gangster yes oh my goodness
ha ha fancy D I made this one so this is
like a repose but jeez that is cool
come here this this is made by the same
person coming home and seeing that
somebody ate the food you've been
thinking about all day oh that this is
amazing today how many more they do they
have loads oh my goodness look how
people in normal wake up versus how I
wake up look at my hair was up into it
oh geez what does this one say when you
one comes home going crazy and all you
said was hi how do you imagine Elise the
appropriate thing um uh oh I've been
your couch
stealing your change I promise you I'm
not I'm really not this account is
incredible look I have a ballerina a
wizard and a ballerina in one day yes uh
why do you guys like making me into a
girl the purple hair looks pretty cool
though
and again
you guys just want me to wear makeup
don't you you want it to happen
and finally this oh geez no I have to
get off that no it's a cow stop stop
stop you're melting my brain and I think
that's enough Instagram for now so guys
thank you so much for watching this
video and thank you so much for doing
all the edits and awesome fan arts and
all that cool stuff that you tagged me
in on Instagram I love every single
piece of it and make sure to give it a
quick double tap as well because you're
so awesome so guys thank you so much
watching this video I hope you enjoyed
it if you did please me big fat thumbs
up that we greatly appreciate and also
this happens to be the first video you
see mommy then please do consider
subscribing we do soup awesome stuff on
this channel and I'll see you guys in
the next video hopefully without this
thing good boy
