hey guys welcome to the pug 'mobile how
are you guys doing so I am just about to
drive away for my first tattoo I teased
it a little bit on Twitter about three
weeks ago and I've been waiting for this
day for three weeks and I cannot wait
I'm just seeing one of the designs for
my tattoo it's gonna go on my forearm
like right here it's gonna be I'm pretty
nervous because I have a terrible pain
threshold but I thought I would make
this video to help some of you guys that
might be older than thinking about
getting tattoos or just so you couldn't
see my tattoo being done before your
very eyes
it should be pretty cool I gotta go
otherwise I'll be late and I'll see you
guys in a bit I'm in the car park of
course I'm running late so I need to get
out of here geez why am I always late
my arm looks like a sandwich it's all
wrapped up in cream film but there we go
the tattoo is done now in total it took
about four and a half hours between four
and a half and five anyway and man my
arm is burning now um so do tattoos
hurts yes yes they do it's not as bad as
I thought it would be to be fair I
thought it'd be a lot worse than once
you started doing it I was like okay
this isn't too bad but the more you go
through having your tattoo and mines
particularly big one especially for a
first tattoo your arm just gets more mad
and mad and more sore and that's when it
starts to hurt more so the last kind of
like half now is a little bit painful
but I absolutely love it right now you
can't really see what's going on don't
worry guys that red isn't blood that is
part of the tattoo but at the minute it
is covered in cling film because you
have to protect it because obviously you
pierce the skin thousands and thousands
of times so I will show you guys here
properly in a little bit and then I'll
get this video done but I need to make a
Minecraft video right now because I
didn't have time to prepare one soap
jeez the soaps so bright so I have to
record with this on which should be
awesome so we do that now and hopefully
about to show you this in a little bit
okay so this cling film has been on for
I knew not time is I think it's been on
for like three hours now so I should
probably take off I'll be able to give
you guys a good look at what it looks
like now bear in mind it doesn't need to
do some healing so it would take a good
like two weeks before it properly
becomes the right colors and stuff but
it still looks pretty quick even looks
different to when I saw it last so just
before the clingfilm went on and this is
a lot harder than I thought it was gonna
be I did it and there you go this is the
tattoo it's so hard to show it's in a
weird place but get Gemma to move the
camera in a second but
I'm so pleased if it looks even better
now than when it did like before I put
the cling film on oh man it's so cool so
I know the question this could be asked
loads is did it hurts the answer is yes
tattoos hurt a lot and this was probably
the most painful bit here I'm not sure
why it just was maybe cuz that's the bit
that we did last so everything else was
kind of swollen and stuff but I
absolutely loved it you can't tell
already it is an Enderman holding a a
play button and the reason it's so like
messing and stuff is because it's a
watercolor tattoo so let me show you a
better angle because this one I'm very
good okay so this might be the easiest
way to show it there we go that's better
look at it look at that so it has a
decent amount of healing to do also
leave a link in the description to an
Instagram post too because what it look
better on a picture anyway but there you
go I got my first tattoo today I am I'm
pretty amazed that I managed to get the
whole thing cuz I was so nervous before
but it turns out the pain is extremely
different than what I thought it was
it's more like burning and right now it
feels like I've got sunburn like really
intense sunburn and it takes like a good
two weeks ago so I'm going to end this
video here I think I've answered most
questions oh why have I got an Enderman
hole in a play button well the reason is
because the Enderman is my favorite
thing for Minecraft is also not got the
legs of an Enderman it's got kind of
like a little bit of leg on it as you
can see like down the bottom there but
then it kind of fades away into pixels
and that was just part of the design
because if you had endermans legs on
there it'll be huge absolutely huge and
it's holding the play button because
that's symbolizing the YouTube channel
and minecraft so maybe another question
that I get is why would you get a
Minecraft tattoo because minecraft isn't
gonna last until I 18 but for me it will
do because this literally the channel
his is gonna stick with me forever this
whole experience this whole whole part
of my life will stick with me forever
and now so this so I hope you like it if
you do then awesome if you don't and
don't like tattoos then that's fair
enough I'm not gonna I'm not gonna judge
and you shouldn't judge - okay okay
but yeah if your
of age and you're thinking about getting
a tattoo then think very carefully I
want you to tattoo since I was like 18
which is the age is over in the UK not
sure if any if it's any different
anywhere else but think about it very
very hard I've always wanted a tattoo
but never had like the right idea until
now obviously the thing about it if
you're younger than that then don't even
think about yet don't even think about
it they are cool but you need to think
about it very very hard if we get one so
thanks what you guys hope you enjoy it
I'll see you guys in the next video
