what's up guys so welcome to a mini
legends of gaming flog now I'm doing
this on my phone and I'm actually on
stage right now as you can see right
behind me I did you just won the
minecrafting so I've been feeling a
little bit throughout the day so they're
giving out some swag now I think so I
think that's what I do and look see this
behinds good looks swag but anyway I
went stage right now a little game I
thought I would go get a little bit I
blocked a few bits I'm not from stage
which you'll see now
and I've just redeemed myself I lost the
first minecraft thing but now I won the
second one it's all good
that's your small edge again I mean so
many of you guys today but check it out
discourse right here so this is where H
2 mg takes place we hit the side my god
it's crazy we just didn't say so it was
really one of the best parkour courses
ever done and I actually want it and it
was parkour hope you near me to touch
people I mean and this is going to be
probably a short vlog which should be
awesome
let's do some more stuff guys if mr.
Basner shoot t-shirts onto the stage
check this out
the range is crazy oh my goodness a
t-shirt
oh man that was okay
so I've just finished my life stage ring
but no one showed up
crazy so right now we are in the VIP
area I think because we've got other
people around us watching us play some
FIFA 16 go and be in the vlog there are
people watching I'm watching release in
FIFA 16 right now with natural Jordan
yeah so should be awesome and I love
this background but it's really cool
it's really cool I had to get like a
full-on cover photo
yeah definitely yeah it should be
awesome and I'll let you know what the
outcome is City and so guys who finished
what happened what happened I love he
lost it was a really intense game it was
3-1 in the end which doesn't really do
justice to the game but I think it was
like one all until like the 86th minute
and then I just cracked under the
pressure yeah so now we're gonna meet so
these guys right here with cheered me on
so thanks guys and yeah I dunno when
I'll see you next but I'm sure we cool
okay so now FIFA's done and doing a
sign-in and people are waiting out here
so let's have a look shall we
looks like this quail already
yeah it's quite a few oh geez
let's do this and there you go legends
of gaming is done there's a couple
people around here I think there's a
couple people here still say hello let's
see if they know I think I let you see
what side I'll be like okay so I'm doing
a crazy amount of signing today legends
of gaming is officially over and I need
to go home so I'm sorry I started
plugging like halfway through the day
but I wanted to try out this vlog in
with the phone rather than my camera and
I think it works out pretty well so
hopefully you'll see this video soon I
got something awesome to show you when I
get home so I'll see you in about an
hour and a bit I some home and I'm so
tired but I've got this thing to tell
you about which I forgot to vlog because
I wasn't vlogging at that point so we
did a marikar tournament which I was on
the way to winning but then we had like
technical issues so it didn't completely
finish and what we were doing after that
was me and Tom syndicate were doing a
Guinness world record attempt in raqqa
League where we're to score as many
goals as possible against two robots so
the bots in the game and we could
potentially earn a Guinness world record
and it turns out we did we actually did
so we are now officially amazing put
into Guinness World Records which is
pretty much that is pretty crazy I've no
idea how we did that that was awesome
but it was only I think it was only 11
goals in the end we were like no we
haven't done this and apparently 11 was
the amount we needed to become guinness
world record holders which is pretty
insane and what is also insane is this
this is a crazy crazy painting so I
already have one really awesome painting
but this adds to my collection maybe I
could have my own little gallery at home
soon but but I made that completely
forgot your name I'm sorry oh wait it's
on the back it's on the back it was from
William and Melissa his mum so his mum
was the one who painted it apparently
but it's super cool look at it
I covered my Guinness world record is
still got Guinness World Records met so
many of you guys today as on
real I hope you enjoyed this little vlog
if you did especially this kind of star
where it's more like little snippets and
stuff then it bums up that would be
awesome if I saw it let's as a game in
then it was good to meet you guys and if
I didn't then I'll probably meet you in
some future event it instead so guys
thanks so much watching we're gonna
sleep I'll see you guys soon
