I'm already running late everyone
welcome back to the channel it's been a
while I apologize about that but it's
all been about right now this weekend
it's Friday it's insomnia 55 I think
this is my sixth in the somme Nia in a
row which is pretty impressive to be
honest so today is the start of insomnia
55 I am SuperDuper excited little bit
nervous because there's no scheduled
meet-and-greet so you guys can that you
find us anywhere which is going to be
awesome should probably go be able to
meet more people it might be a little
bit more crazy I've got two things to do
in a live stage the whole convention
starts in half an hour well about 40
minutes so I need to eat maybe find a
place to get a tea because I completely
forgot what I did this morning look I
set it up I was ready to go turn this on
and it's not plugged in to the plug so
obviously I went without tea this
morning which isn't a good start not a
good start or no tea and I'm late but
what am i doing anyway so yeah my room
is a little bit of a mess right now so
we're gonna go what I'm going to go I'm
not with anyone dude I'm gonna go
downstairs and go to the VIP room and
they've moved the VIP room so I might
get lost but you have no idea
I met quite a few people yesterday but
it was about I don't know like 11:00
p.m. when we went to get some food so I
didn't blog or anything but today it's
the first day let's do this it's gonna
be fun ready to in something I'm here
and we're backstage right now you can
see the crowd just through there just
over that shoulder right there
a battle for the station and I'm here
with service as well
we're doing a bill bell which is like
two teams against each other you guys
know our bill battle is it should be
super awesome these guys are all going
to be beaten at feel better
so it's going to be on we're going to
wipe the floor with you
okay we'll see we'll see I think
especially reduce the losing team first
to be actually probably not because I'm
mine team I've got done CDM oh and yeah
me yox welcome to my stage please
go in guys how the devil are we built
pal it's like it was made for you isn't
it yeah I had a bit of a blip of mind
convert I'll be okay I think you smashed
it at Minecon its speed meets creativity
meets puzzle solving meet ah yeah that's
pretty accurate yeah yeah okay guys I
won't take up any more time to want to
get into this get shut down which side
are the red team on the template on the
right hand side there okay right red
please don't let this be crazy inventive
in the out of his power and win them
over back so guys if you think Dan and
yeah me on the red team sure bunch like
nine
I for the blue team ouch it's not even
close as much got a lady close please
don't be disheartened our audience they
love you and they love they love both of
you show makes joseline really scary
guys thank you thank you for coming
plane you have not made it to the final
but you've been great contestants and
you welcome back on the show Cheez bit
your web stage give it up for our
winners dance EDM and yummy scene the
foul guys so bill that was really
awesome but after that the day got
absolutely crazy like really crazy so
there's no scheduled meeting greets this
time which I talked about a beginning of
the vlog and that means things are more
crazy than ever when I just walk out and
about so I could already vlog much
unfortunately so today is day 2 live
insomnia I am again running pretty late
because I've got be on stage in 26
minutes I'm doing I don't even know what
I'm doing that's so bad but it's weird
like calix cow frizzy ali-a and some
other people my throat is already dying
which is not good because it's only the
start of day two
but hopefully about to block some more
today I've got a couple stage things
with squid as well should be cool yeah
hopefully I cook more today I'll see you
guys there
oh and I forgot to tell you we want bill
battle yes guys so we just
we were on this up there where the
people I said about yeah it was really
fun actually the super
on the channel is uncommon now
I'm gonna do a meal like a random
and I think behind right here there
should be a group of people
I'm hoping sorry that was gonna be
really
yup
okay yeah this is quite a few people
there we go
oh yeah there's definitely other
people's over there some of these people
hey guys as you saw that mean goodbye
little bit crazy so obviously it's
really difficult for me to record what
I've signed by this guy it was all
similar as you see my cup ready to go
backstage with the boy bully sticks
squids and we're gonna be doing camera a
big old indie game Charlie it's gonna be
a phone it's loose man come on friendly
competition the AirPrint accomplished
apparently pants as well Mike we might
just lose
why does it mean you wish I think I get
a bun so it's like 2v2 and then our
clients I'd like to agree to another
dance pose and then he'll be like
sabotage me yeah I've already briefed
the fans
so we're gonna do this and I'll give you
the results dance EDM and ballistics
quit for Lister double high-five woo
welcome guys of course you both know
this is clash of the creators are you
changing controls already Oh someone
who's just annihilated me already
jump the yellow with you Allah Tommy I'm
top right sound what yeah right
plenty of death useful one done speed by
mapset
why matter
what we had three rounds anyone the
first to show laughter was like a chorus
or any higher I needed fries and it was
so close you want to be in a 300 so that
the last game was really it was powerful
shoot arrows kind of like one end of the
world yeah enhance them as well yeah
super fun
using food
up now this is what we go around
okay - oh man
so guys who have a meet-and-greet who
wants to be in a blog yeah
but all these people waiting to see and
there's more all the way over there so
we'll see you guys in a bit okay you're
all in a vlog so nice with you as well
he wants to be nuns flogged
there's danceplug it's rubbish wants a
rubix money Channel
so we
okay
yeah
thank you
you
it's been a long day already so now is
day three I know skipped a little bit
but you saw how crazy this
meet-and-greets were and offer up a
picture now of the me agree that I just
did it was in say in my live show didn't
going to plan the PC crashed about ten
minutes in so it has to kind of fill it
with stuff that I didn't really have
planned but I did not plan at all so
it's got chill other guys it's the end
of insomnia 55 I know I was terrible of
logging at the event but I did manage to
get some cool stuff I think I'm editing
the vlog right now as you can see this
guy this guy it is how long is it it is
a total of 10 minutes so that's not too
bad but some decent stuff with the mean
greets I did literally like five hours
of meeting you guys per day and then two
hours of means they sloths put on main
stage stuff per day as well so it was a
pretty intense event but I got to meet
so many of you and check out how much
fan mail you guys gave me I've got this
guy right here
yes his leg kind of came off though
sorry about that I will fix it and then
also this giant bag right here in this
box here there's so many look at this
it's so cool but I got so many stuff
from you guys and I just want to thank
you for such an awesome weekend it
really was awesome apart from my live
show kind of messing up but hey we won't
talk about that
it's fine I'll kind of throw some videos
up on the main channel or some of the
minigames we did the bill battle and
stuff we squared play some rocket league
as well all of that stuff was really
awesome so I make sure those on that
stuff up soon but this vlog is getting a
little bit too long I don't to say so
much thank yous to everyone at the event
everyone organized it and of course you
guys for coming along awaiting the rain
one of my green grease as well that you
signed by two hours in the rains and
thank you for waiting in the rain and
just thank you for being you you guys
are awesome out all the time in the
world for you so I'm glad I could sign
for as long as I liked which was good so
for menu insomnia hello good to meet you
and if I haven't met you yet then maybe
I'll meet you in the next one which is
in a December pugna thanks so much
watching guys I hope you enjoying I'll
see you guys in the
next vlog good boy
