every one down here and welcome back
into another video Wednesday I've got a
really cool announcement involving
tuberose now if you don't know what tube
Heroes is it's pretty much a collection
of awesome toys figures and loads of
other stuff pretty much is a ton of
merchandise for youtubers including
myself and now I have my very own tube
hero so I thought I'd crack this open on
camera and take a look at it with you
guys so let's give it a go I have no
ideas bubble wrap
let's bubble wrap put enough of that and
old Jesus some stuff in here what is
this oh it's me look at this
dear TDM you're officially a tube hero
yes beautiful at a moment's notice you
may be someone to save the digital verse
be always at the ready and on your guard
congratulations y'all that's so cool
look at that so that is pretty much the
designer for my tube hero and inside
here is what I've been waiting for not
the bubble wrap not this second piece of
bubble wrap but um
nope there's not a third piece what is
this so are you ready to see it I think
I might have given you a sneak peak
effort here we go it's much superior
look how amazing that looks yo it's also
power look there's my face on the back
looking derpy as ever so here it is this
is my two heroes action figure now these
are available at Walmart and also loads
of other retailers across the world and
in the UK so all good toy stores are all
run stocking them and I'm so excited to
finally have my own collection of toys
as plushies there's t-shirts pajamas and
all other stuff coming out in the future
as well but look at this we've got I'm a
grim we've got me we've got a like a
super awesome a shovel and a hammer kind
of thing as well but let's open this and
have a closer look at them so here they
are you ready look it's me
I'm waving beautiful so I'll give you a
little bit more of a close-up right now
of grim is where you get in the pack you
also get me as my awesome self with
bendable knees which is pretty cool and
there's also a TDM themed shield shovel
and super awesome mallet as well now all
of these it can be interchanged I'm
pretty sure they can use the official
minecraft weapons as well so look at
that a mallets wielding dantdm they're
so cool I absolutely love them and
you've got the awesome poseable grim as
well and they're really really cool I
absolutely love them and I hope you do
too if you can check them out your
nearest Walmart or any other store as
well and ah I'm so happy I'm an action
figure but that is pretty much all I
wanted to show you today thanks to tube
heroes for making me into a tube hero I
guess and I hope you're looking forward
to all the products that are going to be
coming out in the future as well you can
check out more about tube heroes in the
description like all the stores where
they're in other tube heroes are
available and more products that are
coming soon so go ahead and go in
subscription below to discover more but
apart from that thank you so much
watching I'm really sorry I didn't
upload a video last week on this channel
by a really cool idea for one and next
week so thanks for sticking with me I
will see you guys in the next video
goodbye
