everyone down here and welcome to
another video where today I thought we'd
have some fun and do some drawing yeah
obviously it's a more TDM video so
there's gonna be a little bit of a twist
which is this thing no I'm not gonna
wear a scarf while doing it I am gonna
blindfold myself and take suggestions
from your tweets of what to draw and see
if I can do it this should be fun so
let's get to it okay so let me put my
blindfold on here we go
cannot see a thing I probably look
absolutely amazing right dollar goods
goods boy goods I don't really know
where the camera is so I got my pen and
now I'm gonna draw the first suggestion
which was a pug so let's try this here
we go oh man I'm nervous I'm trying to
get the size of the page here alright
let's do this okay
so we do an eye there we go
then we do another eye beautiful and
then we need to do a nose as well then
we do a mouth but it's gonna look good
that will do a tongue hanging out so do
that and that and then we like I should
have done the Fate oh why didn't I do
the head first
okay let's try this here we go here's
the heads all the way around
oh man sharpies smells so good there's
the head we'll do an ear on this side
then an ear on this side umm I need to
like I should have cut it another time
as well I'm no good at this I need to be
like a body too so here's one leg we'll
do the belly and another leg there we go
and then like a belly oh I think I've
done let's reveal it here we go oh oh oh
jeez look at me I look good I like the
superhero
yeah oh my goodness what is this you
know what I actually did better than I
thought we're doing a pug you know I'm
gonna sign that there we go is go this
is a pod
definitely nice oh geez look at that ah
a pug blindfolded I think the eyes are
actually pretty good and then the nose
goes like here the tongue just died
ruins it so you know what that's not too
bad I think I would've done worse than
that next word I look so good in this
thing right now
jeez okay so number two is going to be a
self-portrait which was also suggested
on Twitter so I'm going to draw myself
with this awesome headband on I mean why
not so here we go tighten that and
always the lid off yet the lids off that
could go very wrong okay self-portrait
so need like a chin and then the minute
I've got like a beardy bit so try that
there we go and I need an eye look quite
small eyes so let's do that like that a
nose does never workers the nose and
then a smile we're gonna go with a
tongue and then some teeth there we go
that might like a mustache
oh geez this has gone wrong so on let's
do like a band surround the top we gonne
get to the top of the page aren't I
there then we do the bits coming off the
back there we go what about eyebrows I'm
done eyebrows
there we go there we've got quite big
eyebrows so um I'll do that and then I
do neck when I in the face neck neck
t-shirt um yeah I think I'm safe ah what
else do I need hair on the hair these do
the friends show there we go there's my
fringe and then here's the other bit I
guess
the domain body of hair
and I think I'm done I'm gonna do
self-portrait okay even writing is
really hard
right so portrait here we go the big
reveal is now ah oh my goodness ha ha ha
that is so funny oh jeez look at that ha
ha
my writing wasn't too bad but oh jeez
look there's so buddy I actually managed
to get the fringe like dead on yo that
is so funny how did I meet I think it
does I think it might do oh that was the
best idea ever
self portrait nailed it right then
another word please it has been
suggested that I draw a unicorn so let's
do this dude it up there we go sorry in
that bad boy up and it's unicorn time
okay how do we do this yeah let's try
okay so let's start off with the spiky
horn there we go
then we're gonna draw the head then it
comes down the neck into the body into
the bot and then we're gonna do like I'm
gonna do the body first
here we go to try and connect up to the
neck did I draw a neck I don't remember
this is the head okay this is the mouth
there we go and this is going to be like
the eye and an angry eye because it's be
a little bit angry and now we need to do
like the tail and then we need to do the
leg so one two three four we do some
clouds who's in the clouds is feeling
happy is doing here as well I think
that's gonna look good then another one
down here should probably do like a Sun
up here where's the corner of the page
there we go that's the Sun there we go
umm oh geez what else does a unicorn
need rainbows I guess but I don't know
where its bodies just do rainbows so a
rainbow coming out of its butt there we
go and a belly as well unicorn John the
big reveal here we go oh what have I
created
what have I created the only thing that
looks good is the Sun and that looks
terrible oh jeez it's like the IE and
the the head is in the right place here
that's pretty impressive but the legs
are on its back that was the rainbow
this was the tail no no this no no no
it's terrible and that's gonna sum it up
my masterpieces today I'm afraid so
thank you guys so much for watching if
you did enjoy a big fat wait wait for it
a big fat thumbs up looks like a thumbs
up right a big fat thumbs up would be
greatly appreciated also if this happens
to be the first video you seen by me
then please do subscribe and expect more
epically stupid content just like this
so again thank you so much for checking
I'll see you guys in the next video good
bye
