we're gonna leave them there they could
go all day at that there's so much to do
here at Minecon that if we don't come
back to us they'll just keep going
around they'll just keep going yes I'm
here with Dan Cydia the dough my cat say
hello to the stream waves to everybody
there clapping you everyone loves you
there we go
actually officially one of the nicest
guys in Minecraft thank you yeah that
award was given by world-record earlier
today on every year we just brought the
stage during the bill battle we have
fixed the teamed-up
yep hey will you triumphant no you
didn't win you know I think it was close
it was pretty close we both had very
different ideas about the theme there
was and there's a very good wow
stampy in a squishy date they didn't
like a lovely Steve rescuing a baby
creeper from being exploded so the theme
was a exploding creeper so me and Vic
went for a creeper with no head that had
just exploded they went for saving the
creepers and being nice to them instead
go for the fields mate go feels yours so
let's stop at Minecon how have you had a
good weekend yeah so far it's been
really really good there's tons to do
the Expo like looks amazing as well and
I will be in tonnes of team TDM members
as well yeah you've done panels and
shots and all sorts and then later today
you're on the main stage yes what time
is it now about half three I'm doing my
custom mod eventual live which I'm
looking forward to but I win over as
well but it should be good
how much work has gone into preparing
that for my con um quite a bit because
it's come at the idea first I scrapped
one idea and now I've got one that's
based around it's based around London so
it's going to be fun and relevant give
us any hints on what we might see in
there um you'll see it'll be a big build
of London's Yuga like Big Ben a London
Eye is involved at the save the London
Eye it's going to be hopefully really
epic I love your Maps they're really
good and it always works as well it's
nice when things were easy do some more
testing okay so have you got a highlight
from Minecon if you gonna you know let's
say someone's watching this stream
somewhere on one of the many screens
around the room
and they think you were shall I go next
where should they go are you not a
chance to get into the nitty-gritty I
haven't had too much chance we had a
chance earlier to kind of look around
while before you guys came in but um I
really love like all the I think it's
over in this direction like weather big
sand temple is that's really cool the
petting zoo where you can actually like
sit on Minecraft horses at the micro
pigs there's like some baby creepers in
a cage as well although the pigs are a
little bit less pink now a little bit
grey because they've been whiter too
much betting too much too much petting
going on there have you done the small
world tour yet I haven't yet I've heard
I heard it's alright it's good so yeah
it'll be amazing and that's that's just
these rooms we've got all the panel
rooms there are all the expo stages
there's the indie stand
there's the Mattel guys obviously we
just saw though they were just doing it
and that that Laster live bits of camera
I at first couldn't take it all in but
now I'm getting my head round it and I'm
really pleased that everyone who's
here's got the chance to experience that
it's it's just incredible like I went to
the one in Orlando and I feel this one's
just like 10 times bigger and more epic
because as soon as you walk in you feel
like you're inside minecraft you just
feel like you're in that little world
which is awesome it's great for the
community as well because the community
you come down it you know obviously
people playing the game at home often on
their own but for the moms and dads
bringing their kids down and seeing that
this is where they invest their time
it's nice it must be a rewarding
experience for them as well yeah
definitely I think they can like I see
lots of families all get involved with
Minecraft which is awesome so like they
either played together or they watched
videos together it's just so source of
that everyone just comes together it
celebrates this one game it is it I mean
so what's next for TDM then that's a
good question more custom adventures
because I absolutely love doing those
kind of moving into like mini films as
well like Minecraft little Machinima's
we call them moving into them but still
just more of the same every single day
okay you've been working on a few
different projects one is we're going to
show a little video a little bit later
on the book of mischeif things like that
yeah and it custom builds and mods and
stuff you
moving that way are you just sticking
where you are and cracking on I do a
little bit of everything so mods are a
little bit thinner on the ground of the
minute so people are moving over to
command blocks which is this single
block where you can just type in and
like a paragraph of code and it's
similar to a mod but you don't have to
do the installing of it so okay because
we had a session on stage yesterday with
a lot of the modders on there and it's
it's out it's almost sounds overwhelming
that the mod side of it have you ever
tried it I looked into it and I'd kind
of tried it a little bit but it's so
deep you have to learn like a whole new
language to be able to do it someone's
saying you have to know Java to do it
slightly well that's that's like a like
a career yes surely it's so but some
some people like as young as like 12
I've never made mods which is insane one
thing I want to talk about is obviously
all the youtubers hey well 99% of them
and I could not seem to be but boxes
here skies not here be box not here oh
yeah but a lot of the youtubers are here
so you know the YouTube community within
minecraft based around collaboration
yeah there are the friendships and
things come from events like this yeah I
think so so a lot of us cuz videos take
so much time we spend a lot of time at
home making videos and then when we want
time off we kind of plan it like for
these events and then we all meet in the
same place obviously don't all live in
the same location so we have YouTube in
common and we will just get along and
have fun at these events have you signed
up any co.labs while you've been here
not yet no should get in there I should
yeah I should do I mean stumpy was on
stage you could have grabbed old will
sort that out later on okay promise you
and one last thing before we play your
video I want to talk have you had a go
of hololens while you've been here I did
yeah I had to go this morning it's so
cool right cool take me through it
because we got a couple of people up
here chatting about it
okay and it's one of those things where
you always imagine that it can never be
as cool as it looks but apparently this
is yeah something that I didn't know
about it as well is you know when you're
wear glasses watch a 3d film it's ink
that's included in the headset too so
you can go from plain flat on the wall
minecraft and then you switch on the 3d
mode by saying literally saying a switch
on the 3d
and the world kind of looks like it goes
through your wall and then you're in
like a completely new world it's and
then so crazy transition have taken it
from the wall to the to the table it
does it work is it yeah it works you
literally leave what you got on the wall
and then look at the table just say a
big old world and it will build exactly
what you were working on on your wall on
the table and it's insane like I was
looking around the perimeter here and he
was like you know you can look over and
you forget there's like the other
perspective so you can make a hole in
the ground and then literally just peer
over and see what's at the bottom before
you go down Wow I mean when things like
you know oculus and connectors came out
it was new and exciting but it was 3d
and we've seen that before it and
especially Kinect that was in the motion
side of things and it was an exciting
thing this is something completely new
like I don't see anything z4 especially
when you could do it you've got a voice
controls as well it's so clever so what
is part of me I'm sorry what does
hololens mean for a content creator like
yourself how do you think you could
incorporate hololens into what you do
I'm not sure because you need to capture
like if I was using hololens right now
it would just look really like me
interacting with air so until the
technology arise where you can either
capture the raw footage or capture the
hololens footage then we're allowed to
use it just yet but me like your custom
builds and stuff if you could take son
on a journey through I imagine that
would be in son yeah would be insane
we had Adam Clarke on and he was talking
about the Tate bills you know the ones
that you hell yeah we did that one and I
think swimming like that has got a
really interesting application within
hololens because he was so that you
could get hololens in the tate and show
them the real painting i then show
people it'll be like sitting in a like
if you took a minecart journey around
the tape you'd be like sitting in the
minecart looking around like instead of
using a mouse unbelievable
damn thanks the chance it was I know
you're really really busy you've got to
get off when you go into a panel I am
going to prepare for my live show to
make sure everything goes smoothly okay
right just for people at home who maybe
have aspirations and dreams to become
like yourself it goes into the prep
they're now on the day okay so I've
usually gone through it a couple of
times already
I just want some extra time just to make
sure because there's like different
triggered events
I've forgotten to trigger a certain
thing then the whole thing would just
like stop so I need to make sure I've
got everything ready I'll do a
run-through and then there should be
okay she's really just get down to dot
the i's and cross the t's now yeah
exactly well I won't keep you any longer
then we've gotten we've got the book of
mischeif we do yeah you want to
introduce it yourself
okay sound camera there this is going to
be my custom water venture The Book of
mischief
where I find a book that was dropped
from a cloud by a clown and if I write
names in it and actions then I can get
them to do silly things so there we go
