hey guys morning well actually I've
missed the morning by 10 minutes oh
that's annoying hey how's it going first
up sorry that wasn't a vlog yesterday
but I literally did not have time
because I've been preparing videos for
the main channel for this week end for
insomnia 59 which I'm heading off to
later today the insomnia actually starts
today which is Friday for me and then
continued I think until Monday but I'm
only going on the Saturday and the
Sunday i'm gonna be doing meetups and
we're doing some shows and stuff as well
so it's going to be pretty cool and of
course you guys are coming with me
we won't to see any of the event today
because me going in there is a really
bad idea so I'm afraid for now you are
stuck with me making videos until I
leave which I know I know is going to be
really really interesting for you I need
to record three videos before I leave
the first one is the escapists let's do
this okay video one is in the bag well
it's been recorded at least and I'm keen
of doing something this weekend which
I've been thinking about doing for a
while and it's to do with my main
channel so you see this name right here
it's actually like stupidly long it used
to be the Diamonds minecart and that's
it so it just had that and then there
were tons of fake channels which was
super annoying and I had to add this
dantdm but check this out so this
website right here called Google Trends
which allows you to search for keywords
and see how popular they are so let's
search the diamonds minecart
just like this and as you can see oh my
goodness this is crazy
this is actually way more different than
I thought it was gonna be so you can see
how popular this search topic has been
over time so I'm in June 2018 it was
like zero and the most search time was
July 2014 and it slowly gone down and
down and down and down which seems like
I'm losing a lot of popularity but
really if I compare it to the search
term Dan TDM like this you can see
dantdm has gone way above the diamond
minecart
by far so the dance EDM search term is
red and the blue one is the dynamite Cup
I think dantdm is winning and now she
kind of seals up for me I am going to
change my youtube name to just dance EDM
so literally
just this bit here which I think looks a
lot neater the only problem with that is
that I will lose this tiny verified
checkmark for a little bit so I've used
my contact at YouTube and asked him if I
change my name how quickly can I get
that verified ticker back and depending
on that I'm gonna try and do it this
weekend so I should hear back from him
today and then I'll prepare a video
saying about changing my name to just
down TDM so you guys don't watch fake
channels but here's a free warning just
in case the absent happens I'm gonna
change my YouTube channel name to dantdm
twice it's not really a big deal just
something I thought about doing and
obviously this bit right here will not
change so my youtube name will always be
youtube 4.com
forward slash the diamond minecart that
will never change because you can't
change it they'll just appear like on
here differently it would appear down
here differently if I'm on suggested and
also down here too because I think that
just looks so much neater anyway less of
that and I need to get to making some
more videos what do you think of my
Pokemon t-shirt by the way I'm gonna
wear my Pikachu jumper tomorrow for
insomnia just because I think it's
awesome and it's a gaming event so it
makes sense so um I need to make two
more videos I'm gonna try and edit as
many as possible and I'll see you guys
later
when we head to insomnia properly okay I
can't even remember why I said last in
this vlog but I've done three videos
I've done three thumbnails and that
means I have no work to do while I'm out
and insomnia this weekend which is a
perfect so I can just chill out have fun
I mean you guys of course so now what
I'm gonna do is I need to pack I need to
I think that's pretty much it I just
need to pack and then head straight to
the hotel and then chill out for the
evening which is going to be awesome and
I'm so hungry I need to eat so bad okay
I made it I am thirty minutes late which
seems to be a pretty common theme in
these vlogs but I made it geez super
windy but I need to unpack my car and
then get my hotel because it's cold guys
I made it to insomnia and I have just
come into the main exhibition hall while
it's empty which might look weird for
some of you guys because it looks weird
to me we've literally no one in here but
they've had a day of the convention
already today but I didn't turn up the
Friday I've known you in citing Sunday
as I mentioned earlier we check this out
this is my merch stand it
absolutely huge now you can buy a lot of
this stuff today
well you buy all of this stuff today
we've got some props from the tour as
well by Jeff over there and Canada over
there it's really really cool and it's
awesome because I've never had a merch
stand here it insomnia before so it's
cool to see you guys picking up merch
and hopefully seen you wearing it around
the convention too but I'm excited for
tomorrow now we're gonna get some foods
we haven't done that yet
I signed a lot of posters for the
meeting greets tomorrow as well I'm so
hungry I mean you do some rehearsing as
well it's gonna be busy until tomorrow
Oh guys I am so tired
that's we go back from having dinner
hopefully I made sense in the previous
clip where I'm at the merge because I
don't really know what I was saying but
hopefully that made sense anyway I have
got to it is about I think 11 right now
don't know if you can see that but yep
it's pretty close and I have to sign a
load of these of posters I've done about
I think about 750 and I need to do 2,000
so when you do 250 more and then need to
edit this vlog and then just chill out
until tomorrow and we've got kind of a
late start tomorrow compared to like my
live shows so not too bad and getting
picked up at 10:00 which is nice but for
now I need to get doing these posters
otherwise they're not gonna be done in
time and you guys don't have any which
is not good so I need to do these then I
will check back in with you guys before
I go to sleep so see you in a sec guys
let's do these posters
okay this is gonna take a lot longer
than I thought but I thought I'd show
you something like just remembered so I
just tweeted this we just went out for
dinner and I had this a fried egg on a
pizza
it was literally incredible when my
favorite tastes is tomato sauce and
fried egg yolk together and look at this
looks so nice if you find this video if
you find this tweet go and favorite it
because more people need to know about
this type of pizza I promise you it was
that good but I don't need to sign at
this chunk of posters here of these ones
signs those are not signed so I need to
do that one too but uh Harper box I've
done one and a half boxes so this
shouldn't take too long but it is taking
longer than I the way would I think
there's more here than I thought okay
good other posters done and only took me
about 20-25 minutes which isn't too bad
so and now I want to do is because it's
midnight I want to get to sleep so I
want to get as much sleep as possible
but first I need to edit this vlog and
to do that I'm afraid I'm gonna have to
end it here so I hope you enjoyed this
vlog if you did give a big fat thumbs up
that'd be awesome if you go into
insomnia I will see you there if not I
will see you tomorrow for the next vlog
thanks so much watching guys you are the
best have an awesome day and I'll see
you in the next one good
