guys how's it going welcome to London
and welcome to my little vlog of mine
corn 2015 so currently it is day two so
Sunday um I would have recorded stuff
yesterday but I was so so busy but now
we have the opportunity to get into the
convention early because we're working
with the make-a-wish Foundation because
seventeen people that wanted their wish
to be to come to minecon so we're gonna
go and spend some time with them which
means the whole convention center is
open for us and them so it should be a
lot less busy and I should be able to
record a lot more but my hotel right now
is my hotel room what do you think I'm
not joking you i'm on a boat i'm on a
boat I'll try and get a picture of it
but this is how close I am to the
Convention Center oh Jesus bright the
Convention Center is that building right
there
I am super super close so I'm running
late I had to prepare a little bit more
of my custom mod adventure today so what
I'm gonna do is pack up and then
hopefully I will see you guys there but
what I've done so far is one of bumper
cars
it was pretty uneventful he didn't hurt
too much okay I'm lying it was awesome
but that was like a party that was in an
open arcade so everything was free it
was awesome and also we did the opening
ceremony me scampi and squid wedding
open ceremony so here's a little bit I
shot of that when to the main stage now
finish time and we're involved in it so
we're going to be acting like idiots and
stay for a little bit yeah we're gonna
we've got a group around and do
everything the opposite of what stumpy
tells us to do
so what's what you normally do
I've already had some practice in check
all right um so we're gonna head out
okay so many people did you everyone who
comes to live in there I'll show you
what is that how you feeling
I wasn't until now he knows I'm a bit
nervous before it's gonna be fun well
slow and also minecon got a Guinness
world record for the biggest convention
dedicated to a single game
how awesome is that check this out it is
with great pleasure for me to announce
that my Khan is now an official Guinness
World Records title holder and the
record you can receive is the largest
convention for a single video game that
is a blank on 2015 10,000 tickets sold
so I'm using my voice I need to check
out my hotel and I'll see you guys in a
bit so welcome guys to mine corn
conclave was this give you a quick look
behind me it's just it's just insane so
right here we've got one of my favorite
bits of the convention which is Hyde
Park which is a big park in Minecraft in
Minecraft no no wait wait my brain my
brain is being confused blocks in real
life just merged together so we're in
mind park which is like a version of
Hyde Park which is in London about that
right so check out put a big old map
here but look how incredible it is we've
got like just everything it's so awesome
we've got a big ice and snow temple over
there bits of food and stuff over there
there's a cobblestone temple over there
and then over here they have like
different games so they have like sheep
shearing as all different carnival games
which are really cool and then you've
got like Tic Tac inventory it's so cool
it's like a giant Minecraft world is
insane Cowell tipping so you like throw
a ball a cow and try not get over but
some even cooler stuff is like
they kind of had it a Mike born in
Orlando which is life-size minecraft
stuff look this giant tree but what it's
just insane they've been working so hard
in this convention it looks incredible
hands up over here but a really really
amazing centerpiece to the whole thing
we've got Big Ben with a massive end to
drag around check this out
look how amazing that is a massive I
just got having real life I mean what an
we were of course Stephen Alex we're
elect as well look at this it's a giant
and the dragon just hugging Big Ben and
it's so cool and then around here I'm
not you sure we got around to we got
Jazwares who go like all merchandise and
stuff
I see bookshelves it's only chanting
room here an enchant my armor right now
not sure but look we've got like Studios
everywhere it is massive absolutely
massive look giant chest I mean what I'm
going to go over to the petting zoo so
they kind of had this at last year's
last times Mike on where you can
literally like meet all the characters
from Minecraft and all the mobs as well
so let's have a quick look I haven't
actually oh Jesus guys guys I've just
seen something incredible it's a
life-size life-size sand temple I
haven't even been round here because I
tried to get around yesterday but I
literally met so many of you guys I
couldn't and it's good to be able to
come in here because again I mention
we're here with make-a-wish so they will
all be piling in in a second and we'll
be playing games and all that good stuff
look at this life-sized sand temple oh
my goodness it's just so weird ever got
creepers which is and we've got some
cool like exhibits here so if you check
this out it's like a old kind of ancient
jar but it has an inner dragon on it so
it looks kind of like a normal engine
jar but of course it's minecraft brave
we've got swords we've got pickaxes
we've got a creeper and a quarry so a
thing I built a while ago on my
on this channel it's a life-sized
version my mind is blown I didn't see
this much last time because I saw it on
Friday when it was about 80% done but
now that it's completely done it is
pretty incredible so what do you think
what do you think mr. horse what do you
think huh
check it out look a life-sized horse and
it's furry as well it's legitimately
furry so this is pretty much minecon
2015 if you give it like a big panda
shot as well look how crazy it is it
just looks like minecraft your life is
like maps you play Minecraft right now
but um yeah it's been pretty amazing
I've got a pretty full day today I'm
gonna check out the Minecraft microsoft
hololens with minecraft on it later I
think in about an hour or so and that's
gonna be incredible this random creepers
in cages for my goodness I'm a little
bit tired but another one another one
sorry I mistook you for someone
others forms as well baby wolves baby
Carl's oh man this is just mind-blowing
first time we came in here my mind just
exploded so I'm gonna get going we need
to go and meet the make-a-wish guys and
yeah this is Mike 1 2015 I'm not sure
what house I'm gonna film because I'm
pretty busy I've got two panels today
Anna me agree as well so I try and film
as much as possible if I don't see you
before then welcome to mine con 2015 so
just like that mine corn is over it is
now Monday because I had no time to
record anything yesterday because it was
so busy I saw so many of you guys a
Minecon it was insane Hugo what are you
doing wait you're crazy he's crazy stop
stop I'm trying to talk to the peeps but
anyway yeah Michael is absolutely crazy
to ever I met and whoever came to like
my live shows all which I did yesterday
thank you so much is the most incredible
and overwhelming um mind war event in
general yes it was it was so so good I
cannot believe it it was so fun as well
as like me other youtubers and of course
me you guys
as well which I did for a long time both
days I'm tired now though even though
I've slept I'm still tired I've just
been to London again but you'll find out
what that is for I just want to show you
a couple things I did I did go and check
out minecraft on the microsoft hololens
which is awesome and i'll place that you
know right now
and that was really really cool and we
took a sneaky trip to the merch store as
well because we had a little chance when
I filmed the og there's a fight breaking
out oh no oh no yeah better quick chance
when we were with the make-a-wish kids
to go and check out the merch store so I
got two shots and one shot me Gemma so
there's this one which is like a creeper
potion thing looks pretty cool and then
the official Minecon t-shirt
unfortunately I couldn't get this in in
my size so I got pyjama in steps you
cool and then this one's like star what
they call constellations and they're
actually glow in the dark like real-life
glow-in-the-dark so that is super cool
and I think that is pretty much I've
also got a load of gifts and stuff too
which was cool I think that's all right
master course I've never got to go
around all of the the convention to you
guys hopefully you enjoyed this vlog
again thank you so much for an amazing
mind corner maybe I'll see you guys on
the next one the next event is going to
be insomnia 55 think it's 55 I'm pretty
sure it's 55 I will see you guys there
if you're going to that which in about a
month's time I'm looking forward to it
but now I must get back to norm and make
some videos and keep these pugs under
control
oh geez crazy bugs anyway thank you so
much guys fortune and I will see you
guys in the next video goo
