I've got a package everyone down here
and welcome back into another video
where today as you've just seen we're
gonna package from the good people at a
bar box so technically this package
isn't for me whatsoever it's for the
pugs all three of them yes you heard me
correctly all three of them there are
now three pugs in our household crazy
right
do you guys rate me the new member of
the family good cuz here he is oh you're
so heavy
you're so heavy say hello to Hugo
everyone and today it just so happens to
be his second birthday happy birthday
buddy oh man you're so cute look at the
camera look look look at the camera okay
maybe not maybe not so you may be
wondering where on earth did this happen
would you follow me on Instagram you
would have met him about two weeks ago
and I told you a little bit about him
because unfortunately he's gone he's
gone so Hugo unfortunately won't be
staying with us permanently because Hugo
is a foster pug which means the me and
Gemma are working with a pug rescue
charity to be able to rehabilitate and
help to re-home pugs who maybe haven't
had the greatest start in life so we
pretty much went and picked him up and
we are looking after him until he finds
his brand new permanent home so his
beautiful boy play you won't be staying
with us permanently but while he is
staying with us that means we can get
him treats so we have got this which has
been sent over by a bark box and barbed
box is pretty much similar to loot crate
in the way you get one box a month for
your dog how cool is that so this week's
theme is space Rover so it's all gonna
be space themed kind of stuff and I
thought I'd show you guys and if you're
interested you can check them out in the
description below as well so wow this is
cool we have a UFO look at this oh my
gooooood is it's amazing look at that
it's like it's like really soft but hard
in the middle so I think you can use it
like a frisbee
so that is really cool and Hugo now is
slapping it with his giant paws Oh guys
to go of the UFO we have an alien and
that's what I'm talking about yes this
is cool so this is like another kind of
universal toy does it yeah so you can
throw it you can bend it they can pull
it it's a little alien so they could
just play with do you want this one too
huh right what's up next we have a
strange contraption oh geez so this I
think is something you can throw for
your dog but also as like a little hole
there so you can put treats in it you
can throw it you can cross these bits
like this so you throw it and they try
and get the tree out little ball at the
end which i think is pretty cool and
feels like it is very very durable
indeed mind you I would change these
three to try and not destroy this oh
buggies you are in for some treats today
look at this we've got some special
treats we have duck and crunchy sweet
potato to bars they actually sound
really tasty duck and sweet potato are
two of my favorite foods so I might Nick
one but apart from that we also have
coconut brownies I didn't even know you
could get this kind of stuff for dogs
coconut brownies wow these plugs are
gonna be spoilt well that's cool
and the best thing about bars box is
that all their stuff is like organic and
naturally healthy and stuff so it's not
packed full of stuff you don't want to
be feeding your dogs so these ones have
like natural pumpkin Oh flour all that
good stuff
the dogs pretty much enjoy including
coconut and finally we have these which
don't look that nice but they are
oh no they're really they're lamb lungs
but they're chips
lamb long chips like who I used to be in
a lamb yeah lamb lung that's the only
ingredient lamb lung is the only thing
that's inside these I'm just gonna give
those to the hugs and leave them in that
so how cool is that you get toys we've
got three toys in this one the other one
is down there the UFO the alien and this
thing I'm not really sure what to call
it just like the man with legs I guess
and in this one in particular we got
three different types of treats as well
so the pugs are going to be very very
happy they have one tree and one toy
each perfect and that guy's it's going
to be pretty much it for today's video
so I just wanted to introduce you to
Hugo tell you his kind of little story
as well and also show you the cool stuff
about barkbox if you have a dog that you
really want to spoil every single month
I mean who doesn't then check out black
box in the description below he wants to
go down let's go down up oh dear guys
thank you so much for watching if you
did enjoy please leave your big fat paws
up now be warned I'll see you guys in
the next video bye
