everyone down here and welcome to
another very small little video showing
you something that I got this week which
i think is pretty cool it's a brand new
PC yeah I know it doesn't sound exciting
but this PC is one-of-a-kind and I'm the
one who has it and I'll show you why it
is a custom diamond minecart PC it is so
awesome so thanks so so so so so much to
the guys over at chill plus you can
check out in the description below and
here we go this is the PC
there you go what do you think guys it
is a custom skinned PC as some of the
specs for you guys are into computers
it's an Intel Core i7 479 0.33 bytes of
Vengeance Ram a geforce gtx Strix 4
gigabyte 980 graphics card for hard
drives 2 of those being SSDs and i just
think it looks incredible the custom
paint job on it is just awesome yeah hey
here it is and for some reason i decided
to film this video after i'd set it up
so it's all ready to go and it's just
looking so cool i can't believe it
actually has like oh geez
there's y's everywhere laughs a company
that actually has like my logo stuck on
here it has the blue perfect blue good
choice of blue and what does this mean
for you guys i mean it's my pc so you
guys don't see the benefits but it means
i'm gonna be able to render quicker and
mainly be able to stream in better
quality so I can make this bad boy do
all the work instead of my internet
which of course is poor so I just wanted
to show this off and show you guys and
tell you guys about chill blasts because
they're a really awesome company they
sort this out for me and I just wanted
to say thank you to them and show you
how cool this is
so thank you so much watching this
little video there's a really awesome
video coming up this weekend and no I
haven't forgotten about 1 million
subscribers on this channel I mean what
so first off a massive thank you for
that crazy number I will be doing a
special video but I've got plans I don't
know if they're gonna work but I'm going
to make a special video for it it should
be awesome but I just want to show you
this today thank you so much for
watching what do you think of the new PC
let me know in the comments section
below again go and check out chill blast
in the description below if you're
interested in getting a new PC awesome
new peripherals or something like that
then check them out again thank you so
much watching I'll see you guys later
I need to get off the floor without
breaking
anything it's going to be a challenge
