everyone down here and welcome back to a
very short little video just letting you
guys know about my very own radio show
so at 9 p.m. at GMT today I'll be taking
over BBC Radio 1 possibly one of the
biggest radio stations in the world for
one whole hour so I'm gonna be playing
some video games talking about Minecraft
the channel reading out some of your
tweets and I'm going to be playing a 12
a songs that I have picked from my
collection as well so if you want to
check it out they can go into the
scripts and below and follow that link
where I'll take you to the BBC Radio 1
home page and you will be able to either
listen to the show or you can watch it
as well yeah you can actually watch this
show for the whole hour as well
including special minecraft stuff video
game stuff and you can actually watch
the action as it happens which I highly
suggest you do just go ahead description
below and click that link and it will
tell you when the show is live and
that's pretty much all I wanted to say
in this video so if you do want to check
out remember 9 p.m. GMT at that link in
the description we'll be alive and
hopefully you enjoy the show that me and
the guys at BBC put together and also
I'll be tweeting along with the show
using the hash tag that I mentioned in
the show so make sure you check out my
Twitter as well and I will see you guys
in the next video good
