every one down here and welcome to
another video where today with help from
Disney and Pixar's brand-new film we are
going to be learning more about me from
the inside out and what I mean by inside
out is we are going to be exploring five
different emotions in total joy anger
fear sadness and disgust and I'm going
to share my experiences with those
emotions I'm going to encourage you guys
to join in the conversation and share
some of your experiences too but first
it's time for me to go so first off the
way to think about this is that there's
little kind of like voices and people
the work inside your head as emotions
and I'm going to start off with a joy so
when do I usually feel joy well usually
when I am making videos that is when I
am super super happy because I'm doing
what I love every single day and that
makes me happy and even happy when I see
the reaction that you guys have when I
do upload a video and then I've also got
the pugs which have just run off with
one of my things a comeback and then
also Gemma as well we make me really
really happy too and then we move on to
fear which along with anger is one of
the deepest and darkest emotions that I
have and my biggest fear is well it's
kind of - my biggest one is spiders and
my second one is the dark yeah the dogs
a bit of a strange one but I don't like
being in somewhere where I don't know my
surroundings or what's going on I think
that's why I don't like the dark that
much because if there's a pitch-black
room I don't know who's behind me what's
around me what's going to happen and I
don't like the unknown so that's
probably why I don't like the dark and
spiders but no don't like spiders now as
I just mentioned that moves quite nicely
sliding into the anger emotion now
another lie I'm not actually an angry
person not much makes me angry apart
from people that don't consider others
so if you do something and the only
benefits yourself and put someone else
in like a really bad position or like a
affects them in a in a bad way that
makes me angry maybe just the little
things like when someone drives badly
they're not only putting their life in
danger but someone else's maybe even
mine or whoever's in the car with me I
don't like that that makes me angry and
also other things like bullying and
anything that pretty much makes someone
else feel bad about what they either
like believe in or even look like it's
just not a good way to be that's what
makes me angry well that also kind of
moves nicely onto disgust what disgusts
me
daya's died the powerful were discussed
um there's not anything that like
disgusts me properly
apart from stuff like a bad smell that
disgusts me I have a really like
sensitive smell barrier is that what you
call if I can smell something bad I hate
I need to find the source of it and get
rid of it bad smells just know know that
that's what disgusts me
and then finally sad what makes me feel
sad it kind of ties in with what makes
me angry if I know that someone else is
feeling sad because of something that
even can't control or what they enjoy or
what they like and they're being made to
feel bad about it or they're being
picked on or whatever that makes me feel
sad I feel a lot of sadness for other
people if I know that other people
aren't have a good time they're just
feeling sad themselves that makes me
feel sad I don't like that I like that
at all and also sad music any kind of
sad music that fits in with a film or a
piece of video or even just sad music by
itself that gets me every time
now I've talked about different kinds of
motion what makes me angry sad and happy
I want to talk about specific moments
for each of those emotions
starting with joy let's start happy so
my biggest moment of joy probably was
there's kind of two things why I'm not
when I got married to Gemma because that
was that was a really really awesome day
and it's so good to like join two people
together that love each other so much
and then when I was able to start my
youtube full-time because it's something
that I've always aspired to do ever
since I started learning about the world
of work I really just wanted to do what
I enjoyed for a living and now thanks to
you guys and being able to make videos I
can do that so that is probably will two
of my most joyful moments and these guys
I don't know if you can hear that but
they literally almost knocked the camera
over they're fighting they're not too
joyful towards each other but those two
ol bugs make me pretty happy now a
situation when I was fearful I I really
don't know I don't know if I've ever
been in a situation when I've been like
so so scared I really don't know if I
have so I guess when I saw a spider the
other day I killed it but it took me a
while a few hours something like that
guys you're moving the camera can you
please fight somewhere else there's
anger being displayed right here anger
and that moves quite nicely on to a
pivotal anger moment in my life and as
I've mentioned I'm quite a laid-back
person very laid-back in fact so I don't
really get angry that often I can't
really think of a specific time in my
life when I've been super super angry
because I just don't get to that point
it's like little things like I've
mentioned earlier with a people that
just like don't consider others by guess
something that makes me most angry and
stuff like bullying so anyone that's
just making someone else or a group of
people feel bad about something they
believe in like and all that good stuff
it's just bad why why see getting a
little bit angry there
then a moment in my life with a most
discussed so the most discussed that I
probably feel is when a punk is laying
on you all sleepy and nice and warm and
cuddly and then they fart
no it's disgusting ah
and finally my most impactful moment in
my life that was to do with sadness so
that was probably when my parents but up
it's probably when I felt the most sad
well that's why I remember being the
most sad about was my parents splitting
up but in the end it worked out for the
best by far so it was something that was
like completely catastrophic at the time
but then turn into something very very
good by the time I all settle down
everyone moved on and all that good
stuff so that was really my saddest time
in my life so far and it actually turned
out pretty good so I'm pretty grateful
for that and hopefully and that's pretty
much it hopefully you've learnt a lot
more about me from the inside out to do
with my five big emotions and now I
encourage you guys to go into the
comments section below or on twitter
using the hashtag five emotions which is
on your screen right now to tell me
about your emotions you can pick one of
them be joy sadness anger or anything
and just let it out let it out just tell
everyone about one of those experiences
you've had with one of your emotions and
we can all share little bits about
ourselves and get to know each other a
little bit better and that ends my
slightly soppy a little video about
emotions and if you did enjoy it then
please do leave a big fat thumbs up that
would be greatly appreciated also if you
did enjoy this video and it happens to
be the first one you see why me then
please do consider subscribing as well
that would be awesome
oh and Disney and Pixar's brand new film
called inside out comes out on June the
19th so I'm gonna go ahead right now and
order my ticket because I cannot wait to
see this film and if you can't wait
until June the 19th then go into the
description below and you can check out
lots of awesome fun to do of the film
before it releases and that's pretty
much it for me so again
thank you for watching stay awesome and
I will see you guys in the next video
good bye speaking about emotions I'm
feeling a little bit hungry now
