hello guys it's that time it's time to
go home it is 11:24 we've got until
water past three until our transfer
don't wait wait wait I just remembered
we've got one more little experience
left we have a limo
we got the limo returning to pick us up
which should be awesome all my stuff is
pretty much packed obviously that is not
mine
obviously with the rest the Suites and
all the good stuff is mine and today
it's going to be a going home vlog how
sad we went out to IHOP this morning I
needed to charge my camera because I've
got to examine idiot look at the weather
I think it's rain in England when we get
back it's kind of weird because we fly
cool past six American time and then get
home about half seven ish in the morning
on Sunday in the UK how weird is that
but I need to get back in we need to I
think we're going to go to outlets to
sleep and spend some more money before
we go my videos are uploaded
everything's prepared for our trip home
I'm sad but when I see the limb I'll be
a little bit more happy assuming spend
some money outlets you ready she's
waiting for another little one my talk
today very very nice right
I'm a pack right now we made it to the
outlets and Jem has somehow ended up
with another yeah can count about this
three times that we've been in a shop
when you come out of Yankee Candle bag
so the house the car ourselves or
Moosman and Google me get back so I
guess that's applause I'm just going to
chill here for another hour and then we
need to wait for a limo
limo another really hot day as on in
size wear jeans which is a bad idea but
we're gonna be going back to coatings in
the tomorrow today well it's come back
on birthday today over hey let's do some
more shopping
alright has arrived it's why this time
Jing
donut or established by eight the Alan
Roger
we made a whole book way way back with
82 people
- pity it is raining all and
to give my son class Sangha Thursday my
choice of sunglasses
but hey what it was kind of whitening of
an hour
waiting so we
honey about seven hour flight goes
pretty bad about one hour sleep so
we are quietly being to you today
the house and then please go get the
plugins which I don't
so I guess you kind of judge it's like
the
I felt really
depending loss
but hey that makes it so
living at home and then
as we made it home look how much post
there is we couldn't even open the door
because it was there but we're home and
everything is good apart from no hugs
obviously so we just going to get our
swords out because so grubby they jump
in the shower then we need to get some
food for the house and so our nun a few
bits then we'll go get the Pug ease hi
guys
yeah guess who's home it's Eddie
yeah no pugs Oh Darcy
she's gotta chew right now so she's not
interested Tasi you want to say hi to
everyone I haven't seen you for two
weeks for about two weeks anyway how are
you doing puppy there really tugs at me
playing in the garden I'm playing at
Teddy's - beautiful beautiful pugs oh
they're so happy - their home they went
crazy when they came in and when we came
in to go and pick them up they went
absolutely berserk so they go the pods
are home the pugs are home we are home
and everything is good apart from we
really tired we have a like a two hour
nap which I thought was really good
Jem didn't really like nap too much
sometimes a nap can you know go really
well all really badly so I've got the
good part of that nap right in this must
happen now
we went what we wouldn't get a food
shopping as well so we are now stocked
up at least for a little bit there we go
very very nice indeed
so we have food we have pods we have we
don't have sleep but I still need to me
I need I need a video for today I think
we can do like an announcement that I'm
home it's 7:00 p.m. it doesn't feel like
7 p.m. at all I think in it are in
American time what would it be
maybe 2 p.m. so that's probably why I
feel too tired actually I just said I do
feel tired
but what's going on I have no idea
what's going on anyway oh I hope you
enjoyed the UH the holiday videos
vacation videos whatever you would like
to call them because I really enjoyed
making them and it's gonna be cool to
kind of watch them back in like months
time maybe years time and just like see
what we got up to isn't it right Eddie
he's never I little buggy yes it's so
good to have the Bose back so so good
anyway
yeah I am going to do a couple of things
make a tea and then I don't know what
I'm gonna do after that but how do you
guys know and just like that I'm making
soup off in my video what while my video
is uploading so I decided to upload this
vlog the day after I was planning
through the kids making that video to go
longer than I thought it would I have no
idea why something split work out I was
like oh good plan
make in a couple hours we turned eyes
took couple hours more than that but
it's done now it's done and it's about
time is it is 10:00 to 10:00 and I think
I'm not actually sorted my body clock
out pretty well it's pretty well and yep
I changed top again because this
happened I opened up the tomato sauce so
yep tomorrow big red and oh man I have
literary covered my brand-new top in
tomato sauce whoops my soup which is
probably not going to come out so I got
to wore that shirt for like I'm gonna
wear for like three or four hours not
good not good so anyway guys I think I
am going to not actually know what I'm
not getting this rocket I'm gonna end it
when I actually finished my nights I'm
not sure what I'm gonna do yet eclectic
games just chill
so don't wanna sleep now just in case I
sleep like throughout the night so yeah
we're making soup right now and I'm
looking for tea because the house is
full of food I'm going to March and I
still got loads of a candy and sweets
and chocolate left over from
why boy in America so those are probably
eaten to which I'm looking forward to be
honest all we did was sit in the living
room living room in there which we
haven't done for a while and watched
Game of Thrones because we have two of
those catch up on but we're gonna watch
one and we've got a barracks it's past
midnight we need to get our boarding
clocks fixed so friendly so much
watching this vlog and all of the other
vlogs as well I hope that you did enjoy
coming on my little holiday with me and
told you that I've met ours in America
thank you so much for saying hello cuz
that was super awesome I think we will
recognize every single day while we was
out there which is absolutely insane so
thank you for coming to say hi and thank
you to those of you that watch these
vlogs so again thank you for watching if
you did enjoy these vlogs and maybe just
this one by itself and please give a big
fat thumbs up
now we also now see you guys very very
soon bye
