good morning everyone it's half-past
eight we start no today because we want
to try and do two parts today we want to
do Animal Kingdom and then we want to
try and move over to pop cheese no
Minnie no I don't want to move over to
you maybe news about trying to forge no
no no no no no and then we're gonna go
to Magic Kingdom because we need to do
Space Mountain and other things to stuff
that we want to do again because Space
Mountain was broke so alright I'm gonna
take off these ears and then we're gonna
go do this me woo nice top oh I'm also
wearing this - I bought this ages ago
for animal kingdom and now I can finally
use it for Emily strong like
multi-coloured it has giraffes and
elephants oh you think that's what it is
for anyway safaris animals and cool
rides are happening today
a busy day today but first we kill some
time by going on Dartmouth or look at
this guy this ancient skeletal guy but
yet we're getting on a dinosaur and then
we're gonna go and we've got the Nemo
musical which is really good just like a
show and then we also have honey
remember we've got a dinner reservation
as well but about lunchtime which should
be pretty good to meet Donald and Mickey
all those guys but for now we're going
to go and dinosaur and then there's also
a couple rides I can't remember much
today
Oh Everest that's really good right -
but for now it's gone dancer
that was really really good and now I
monotonous over I which is this it's
gonna spin
an expedition Everest
where the back
that's what I
knuckle bucket
it's about time
often the ocean TV sorry if I ever took
a snap in July
I know
okay we've done a lot for the dogs with
us we've been going from one thing to
the next with Ferrari but it's what we
do you seen anyway but now we're going
to check out the lighting show and this
this is a special show it's so good
already looks awesome
Oh
Hey away
right
power ready
Oh
oh yeah thank you
micro if you please
I show it's amazing last time for food
thanks being our tour guides
Hey
but we don't move animal kingdom so we
are going to magic now changing human
will see you out there
as you can see look we're just about to
walk people castle which we haven't done
yet but we've done a few things that
we've already like we done so we
actually went to we cast on allegory
point if you wanna see the picture to go
check out Instagram and also post we do
we did the mine train again and we just
had feel the magic again just Jimmy's
favorite and now we're going to go and
head to Tomorrowland which is just in
the distance there right there because
we didn't get to do Space Mountain so we
can do that right now I won't be able to
record on it because it's it's super
dark in there and our girls was going
there because the GoPro just won't work
so the head over there
juice paste onion and then I don't know
what we're gonna do that might be that
might be it but we'll see
hi Carlos hi screaming pleasure okay
would you thank you see ya real soon
okay soon all that survives Carlos would
you go back to Disney tomorrow that's
good for with us
don't cry and we're back we have to say
goodbye to Carlos you said well circle
back to Carlos so we really good have an
import tool guide for days it was really
really good to get us around a park real
quick between parks it was it was super
good so Thank You Carlos thank you so
now I've just had a nap Hotel very very
dopey oh my legs are stinging Oh still
hurting but um yesterday it was good we
got a lot of stuff done we did the whole
of animal kingdom there's not loads I'm
looking to me just kind of take it your
own pace then we did Magic Kingdom have
you already seen we did some stuff I
think we're going back to magic England
tomorrow to kind of finish off with like
a firework desert party which should be
pretty cool so I'm going to do now is
find some food I think no I literally
just go out and find some just go out
and have some food I'm not feeling too
hungry cuz I overate a lunch which I've
been doing a pretty much every meal so
far so I think maybe CeCe's is an option
because it's just like a buffing so we
can eat so next when you probably see in
my food if I don't
all asleep before night yes I forgot to
fill my food again but hey we went to
see CDs which means I didn't even eat
that much because i overate so much as i
mentioned earlier but i have ID salad
and pasta it was good it was good what I
ate so it's now about eight not which
half past eight which means actually
don't need to go to bed too early
because we not got a busy day tomorrow
we're just gonna be doing a Disney in
the evening and I think that's all the
plans we have I'm pretty sure so just
gonna like get up casually in the
morning chill my going to pool again
because we have to go once a day who am
i doing a mini golf we saw him do a mini
golf I think we should last time you saw
a rainbow lizards so that's more reason
to go anyway yeah we might go to mini
golf tomorrow but for today that it
could be it on those logs thank you so
much watching guys if you did enjoy
please do big fat thumbs up and I will
see you guys tomorrow for possible mini
golf but definitely Magic Kingdom and
fireworks bye
