what's up guys a little bit of a
different start this morning I am well
it's the afternoon I'm in London in some
pancreas because today I am heading to
the offices of the people that manage my
tour because I'm gonna be doing some
work once a really really special
project today which I can't tell you
about but I'll give you some sneak peeks
about today I just need to grab an uber
and I'll meet you guys there
okay made it just and thanks to London
traffic I am now about 40 minutes away
which is also might no matter how early
I am I always end up being late but I
need is going this massive building
which you guys can't actually see if I
joined this massive building have some
meetings I'll try and film as much as
possible and then we're going to open in
ER and I'm already absolutely starving
so let's do this shall we
so we've just finished recording some
audio with the guys who wrote the script
and of course Danny as well who haven't
quite met yet but she's a big part of
the tour
she's the co-star talking to you about a
couple days ago but we've just finished
recording night took about two or three
hours a bit longer than we thought but
it turns out awesome and this this
secret project which I'm sorry I can't
tell you any more about is going to be
one of the greatest things I've ever
created with an awesome team as well so
now it's food time because I'm starving
this is a good Christmas tree guys one
of the best I've seen it's also this
really cool artwork in the office it's
awesome
hey so I'm back in my hometown now I
didn't vlog any of the dinner and stuff
because it's a bit weird in dinner we
had chicken and stuff it was really
really nice and I was looking back on my
footage that I've taken of the day on
the train I realized that I haven't
really got much footage and the vlog is
going to be like not long at all and so
if you can't hear me by the way it's
really windy yeah I was kind of annoyed
because the vlog doesn't really contain
much since I can't really tell you
anything about this project which is
really annoying I know but I'm super
sorry I can't tell you anything about it
but you'll find out about it soon
because the project needs to be finished
by the end of January so you'll hear
about it soon don't worry but got some
really nice shots today there's gonna be
ashamed not be able to use them because
I thought you know what I didn't film
anything so I'm not gonna upload a vlog
today but you know what I got some
really nice shots and I kind of got a
really cool confidence boost today
because the first shot in this vlog was
one of the first times I have blocked in
public properly with a massive crowd and
watch it made me feel really good and it
might seem like a really weird thing to
say because there are bloggers that
literally do this every single day I
don't really bat an eyelid at it at all
they don't really mind that they're
vlogging in public but that's something
that I've really struggled with in these
vlogs and today you know what I bit the
bullet and thought I'm not gonna have a
vlog today if I don't blog in the train
station with loads of people around me
and then it turns out the blog wasn't
gonna be that long anyway and then I
also thought on the train I could just
use this as an opportunity to tell you
guys to try something out of your
comfort zone every now and then because
I'm someone who doesn't really like to
do that that much but when I do it
usually ends up in me discovering
something quite cool that I didn't know
about myself or something that I didn't
think I could do like vlogging in public
because I thought everyone would look at
me that think I'm weird but actually not
really cared so you do have something
that you really want to try and do but
you're not too sure about it give it a
go you never know you might find
something you love by accident or it
won't work out and you know that's just
not for you so if that makes a bit of
sense to you guys I
really didn't want to miss the vlog
today and because of stepping out my
comfort zone just that little bit this
morning made me actually not miss a blog
today I could have easily just
completely scrapped this and skipped
thumbs the next day but you know what I
feel like it sounds pretty good today
and I had a really good time out with
the tour guys and also working on this
project which I can alway of you guys
the Z lesson of that let's get home
so finally made it back home but there's
really not much else to say in this vlog
apart from I played Pokemon a little bit
more I guess as usual but yeah I've just
watched over I said earlier and I hope
it made sense I really do but basically
what I was trying to say is if you guys
don't try something out of your comfort
zone every now and then you might miss
out on something you really enjoy or you
might not realize something that you
could have done that you really didn't
think you could do like with the
blogging earlier so it might seem like a
really little thing just blogging in
public but it's actually something that
took a lot to do from my point of view
and then ended up being actually not
that big of a deal so yeah so I guess
you could say I learned something new
about myself today anyway guys thank you
so much for watching this video I'm
sorry that there wasn't that much
content in it but it's hard to film
about something what takes up your
entire day that you can't actually talk
about if you did enjoy this blog anyway
big fat thumbs up would be awesome now
see you guys again tomorrow
