weather guys today we're not starting a
hotel room we're actually in a park took
it out we are in Hollywood Studios and
I'm not sure what we're starting with
we've got loads of shows to check out
there is you're going to be awesome
including the frozen sing-along yes
we're going to do that today but first
we're going to see if we can find the
Incredibles in the magic of animation
this is one of my favorite parts of
Hollywood studios so this is actually
one of my favorite parts I think it was
a good ride we got a Tower of Terror
book about roller coaster so many good
things but first if we find the
Incredibles I need to buy an incredible
t-shirts I see people walking around
with them I definitely need one so let's
see if we can
time to do teru teru used it no I'm a
little bit family's gone over a lot
Tara Tara was awesome we didn't get
picked on Bush we will pose for pictures
I was on weapons so now we are watch the
view in the beach show which you've seen
before it's really good so going to
check it out again and I'll bring you
guys with me off
greatest pleasure that we welcome you
now we invite you to relax put up a
chair as the dining room proudly
presents your dinner
try to understand master the poor girl
has lost a father and her freedom all in
one day
you know remind you that your 21st
birthday would be its own I know that
it's an amazing show if you're ever here
definitely going to see it for now it's
time the second big ride of the day
we've done Tara Tara now it's time to
rock Laurel Hester
this one is soon
hey do people they don't mind us we'll
be finished in just a minute you guys
still doing here you're supposed to be
at a show we're now I'd like to
introduce our lovely manager a she's
usually not like this yes she's like
worse I heard bad
so this free stuff you know what do we
do lost
I kind of remember but you just seen
that and you just feel something there
here
you
it was really really good you have like
really old-school black or white films
that are really funny and old and
rubbish but I'll go track down the
Incredibles because we couldn't find a
bunny
so definitely to find those the
hopefully that's how you'll see most I
hope so anyway
guys we found him right here
all right right over here and over your
camera
it's to a habit now I'm go to it just
one happen
okay
the time has come for the frozen show
yes
closing job
Nelson stole the crown oh did you sleep
through all of your endeavor history 101
yeah it was an early class it was time
what upsets you become queen of
arendelle
wait what about a snowy power that Elsa
was afraid her powers would show and
she'd be cast out of the kingdom forever
but all the while princess on the most
glamorous of princesses was dreaming of
the possibilities of throwing open the
palace doors
no nose for me
never bother me anyways no oh wow Olaf
did help um it was you who saved your
sister and yourself and that's the true
love will thaw a frozen heart you're my
sister Elsa I love you
is the frozen show is so good it really
along movements never again now I've
been with a head over to twist that's
one of my favorite rides here and saying
that about everything it's really really
good part so we're gonna help Toy Story
and try and get the high school
his colors rid of us get 300,000 points
we're gonna try them that's a no - okay
change of crime we're doing situps
now it's on
now we're ready for the stunt show
check that out and then
check this out but you guys would be
I see a couple
two more little bits we did a shot two
shots I think actually and now we're
going to head to a new hotel yes we're
saying it different tonight and I'll
explain when we get there so I'll see
you there guys so guys we are staying as
you can see we are back at Universal
lower
what about this sitting room because we
are staying in the Hard Rock Hotel which
is literally Universal is over there
over the other day and then the Hard
Rock Hotel is it you to the right of it
so let's go in there for one night
because in the morning we'll get like
part passes we're gonna do that I'll
show you the room in there we can eat
this first Oh check this out look at
that so this immaculate L I think
it's so awesome all lit up at night look
at this
that's
so cool and we're back welcome to the
Hard Rock Hotel so the reason we're
staying in this room for today is
because we get included with the room
price you get fast passes and early
entry to universal and islands of
adventure so we're going to use that so
that we can go into the parks tomorrow
and do everything we didn't do before
like the new Harry Potter our age and
the Hulk stuff like that and you can
fast paths as well unlimited which is
really awesome this is the room check it
out it is massive
oh and forgive my wet hair we just went
in the pool which just so happens to be
right there check that out
look at the pool oh my goodness how you
see me hey how you doing
oh yeah it was really really good we
only get to see Carlos for one more day
which is a little bit sad but it should
be good we're doing the animal kingdom
and then I think we'll do a Magic
Kingdom as well then we'll go back to
Magic Kingdom again but without Carlos
which can be sad but hey that's in the
future but um today it's going to be
pretty much it for today's vlog it's 20
to 10 so I need to edit this and upload
this the internet here is better so it
should be a lot less painful process
we're going to do is check out this
tomorrow go to parts early tomorrow and
then return to the old hotel tomorrow as
well which should be cool and also I've
been meeting tons of you guys out in
these parks so thanks so much for coming
say hi if you haven't come say hi yet
then definitely come and do it because
I'd love to meet you guys at the parks
because we're going at a time there's
also man I rarely come over to the
United States so be awesome to see you
guys right then I'm going this vlog I
think that's what I need show you yeah
so again this Lord thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed please really
big that thumbs up that because when
I'll see you guys tomorrow
for universal Harry Potter and Islands
adventure see you later guys
