hey guys how are you oh geez that wasn't
supposed to happen how are you doing it
today so for today's video I didn't
think that I would do a daily vlog
because we run shopping today as I
mentioned in yesterday's blog and
shopping isn't that interesting of a
thing to blog even though in Florida
mall is pretty big but we did a lots of
shopping so I thought as you can see
behind me I would show you what my book
size a little bit more interesting than
just showing you shops and shops and
shops but do check out this of Eminem's
world
that's pretty cool right anyway onto the
birthday to the first shot we went into
war zoomies which is this store right
here I'm gonna call it store from now on
shop is way too British we're in America
right now so what yeah
oh jeez it's going everywhere this is
actually German stuff so I'm going to
show you some agenda stuff - you got
this obey then so that means I must obey
everything she said while I wear while
she was touch over and also this really
were like as techie cotton jumper which
I kind of like myself look a back very
nice indeed
whatever what about actually by oh here
we go so this is possible we kind of saw
like the same traders inside converse at
the same time and we touched at the same
time she'll say that you found them
first but no that's not true
that's not true we actually ended up
getting the same pair obviously in the
right sizes and then we got there like I
like highly know that I'm in top
converse which is mid-table is like my
favorite kind of shoe not just like
nothing cut down here and not super high
like this mid cut or mid top is is the
best in my opinion and it's very cool it
doesn't really use lasers too much as
come like an elastic thing in here and
they're so so comfortable the only
problem is they looked too new converse
cannot look new so we have to wear these
in pretty well so those are those a
German pair and then but another pair
right here just here a much bigger pair
obviously and these are like the first
proper converse I have so I happen to
know I have converse they don't like the
classic kind of shotgun birth so I
definitely need a son what's next vans
vans is a good shop in Orlando or in
America in general because we don't have
any of these you have boobies don't have
really any like skate style shops to
just kind of the start I like to to wear
I guess so it's good to come to all of
those literally buy all my clothes in
the next year and what how I've always
until I come to America again so hi gods
I really really wanted one of these a
plastic just like plain vans top I
really
every one of those and I got one this is
black I thought it not that deaf is a
green
I hope it's green I think it's green I
also got a I think I got another color
one as well I did it's this one I wish
that was white if the band was white
that'd be perfect but it's still good
enough it's advisable two of those and
Gemma glow I think pretty much with
sexplanations to put it right here it is
just like the same kind of thing but a
female version so there you go fans and
speaking of bands there's more I hear
these are the shoes that I pondered
quite a while over getting I had a
mission to get you today I've got one or
two beds Tuesday and let's have a look
at these so these are really nice they
are band and they're like again a mid
top I think that's what I call like mid
top or mid car and they're like brown
they're from the OTW collection I don't
know what that means but I just thought
they are beautiful look at them look at
them yes I'm really happy with these
shoes I love them alright what's this
behind me so H&M this is a store that
literally every country has I think what
is the I know the UK the US and some
European countries have it by-god this
which is just a normal stripy t-shirt
because I don't really have any light
colors and speaking of like okay okay no
no I got some dark colors let's for when
we go back to England in the soft rain
hold I got
wait I got more than that I don't know
this it's like a really really comfy
hoodie and the material is made out of
is so nice so I look forward to wearing
that obviously not wearing out here
because I'll just like boil and stuff
and there it is they've got just a plain
grey t-shirt boom there we go and
speaking of skate shops another one in
or skates tile shop's I guess it's dead
chillies is another shot that I really
like I thought actually I'm wearing one
of the things I purchased because I was
wearing a vest earlier and I want to
change into a t-shirt so this is one
right here before I love this color and
it's Volcom I think it's become
so God famous buzzing strats because I
bought famous starts on the straps last
time here and all I know Andy got shrunk
in the wash which is not good I got this
one it's like light gray with the greys
but it's about the famous stars and the
straps mobile which I really really like
and there's another thing that starting
straps one which i think is one of my
favorite artists is today i'm off my
shoes of course yes
look at that the colors are not a greeny
blue is just super super nice so you've
got the big F on there Hanna God in
addition to this t-shirt this one which
is another welcome one and have I can t
remember this one has like the same
design which is Volcom was let's say
Baulkham stone okay that's fine but I've
slight the color to be honest more gray
I wear too much gray ah here we go so if
you watch the daily blog yes and was he
yesterday was it I think was yesterday
oh you would have known that Jemma went
to Bath Body Works which is pretty much
just a shop the smell of all kind of
smells what sells all kinds of smelly
things that's why I was meant to say
we've got like I don't even know if you
care too much rather stuff will go hands
so good these are awesome these are like
really small really nice smelling hand
sanitizers which again if you like like
to wash your hands a lot but don't
always can't even always go to the sink
and stuff you just square on yard and it
smells a beautiful couple candles of
course that's pretty much that it's a
smelly stuff smells good of course oh oh
and I've added it to my candy collection
as well I have this so this was awesome
look at this okay
it says yes it says the truth on the
side when I was reading that yes it is
true
alright this is pretty much like a thing
where you could just have it and you
just fill it for $10 and it's really
really good I got M&Ms loads or coke
balls which I need to start on
strawberry laces and tons of sweets we
can't get over in the UK so we've got
like really special special flavored
gummy bears I think
strawberry and white chocolate ones
something like that but all good sweet
inside and I have literally what so much
candy this holiday it's insane
hmm the final three bags what wait what
are these packs a Yankee Candle old
cheese that one's heavy Yankee Candle
and Yankee Candles so we went to the
outlets in Orlando yesterday and today
to visits the Yankee Candle resulted in
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten smelly things and three in
carbines that's a lot of good smelling
so yeah jungle so quite rare cackles I
think I think that's why she wore loads
or to the loves candles and she loves
candles even and yeah we are now going
to smell super nice in our house and car
for a long long time which is good I
guess
and finally one of the big purchases of
the day was this not by me
this was Gemma's Michael Kors handbag I
don't know why I pulled my handbags on
the channel but I am and of course this
is actually pretty cool er it's a purse
because shiny it is in super shiny so
she got those she's super happy with
those and I think that's it apart from
the stuff that you've already seen like
this hat I'm sure this is happy yet it's
got like sonic on the back and stuff I
didn't get a spider-man hat they didn't
do very good spider-man hats which I was
really really upset about but that is
pretty much what we bought today I hope
this block was baby interesting for you
it was pretty much an Orlando mall and
outlets shopping haul I guess and also
forgive the background I don't think I
said this in the previous video before
this is not my office this is not my
house we are in Orlando right now if you
haven't watched the daily vlogs already
then you need to get on that right now
but I'm filming this in our hotel room
so I need a video for tomorrow just I
need to keep up the daily vlogs anyone a
vlog shopping too soon for super boring
to blog but hopefully the results were
quite interesting so thank you so much
for watching if you did enjoy please we
make up thumbs up and the Davos will
continue tomorrow as we
going to Hollywood studios one of my
favorite Disney but Carlos is going to
be back the VIP goodness is going to be
awesome
and I'll see you guys there
