how's it going it is 9:06 a.m. and today
we are going to see worlds which is
gonna be less rides and more just like
shows and animals and stuff which is
quite cool because see what is a cool
place and we're gonna yeah I think that
I ride which is like a car like a bus
come back a tram mix together so we're
gonna get that and go to SeaWorld I'm
gonna spin there it depends on how many
shows we get to see in stuff I'm really
starting quite early stakes it is 9
which ain't too bad a little earlier
than yesterday but we spent like I mean
10 hours in Epcot we left a URI we left
the 12 came back at ends around 10 hours
outside the house the house the hotel
room air course so let's go to SeaWorld
who's that I see them
but this girl can dive into the sea for
the first time
greatest adventure of this
whether to SeaWorld and with just a few
things already we've done the max which
is not that roller coaster up they're
gonna do that one but it's one way you
like hang underneath which is really
crazy and then we did the penguin thing
as well and I'll show you them what
you've I've already seen those if you
might already seen those and the penguin
one is really cool so you like go and
meet the Penguins in their cold
environment pretty cold but to be fair
it's pretty warm out here and now we're
heading in over in this direction so
that we can go and meet the sea lions
and then we're going to go and meet
Shamu like first show of the day it's a
lot of shows plus animals
we shot all the way overhead but it
shocks up I'm gonna shock the diesel
fish no that's the skinny fish there's a
fake shot not a real one
Oh
and they're huge
found shots in the end and now I think
we go for a steal I think that's what we
do ceilings okay I lied we already can
see me do next to see this it's like
there could dippy dots dippin dots and
like ice cream in the wall this one's
Oreo and then Gemma's got like would you
get cookie cookie dough they're really
nice so I'm gonna take these to show
those really good that like little pools
of high school but mine tastes like
where else so good and now will it go
for the sea lions show which should be
really great it was really good last
year but then they've changed a little
bit so we're gonna check that out maybe
see if it okay sure as well but we'll
see if we make out in time see what it's
like
just doing is actually having wrap up
give him the can and release it and then
we're gonna put the next step in which
is dropping the can into the recycling
away from it well you were saying no
problem Oh in the academic scholarship
I've got Liberian solar-powered
skateboard well see horrible experience
solar-powered czar
one fish
in this stage right here is
we're back from SeaWorld so what we did
was well we pretty much did everything
quite quickly you saw the two shows did
you do scene actually true the things
were closed so the some of the shark
bits and all the dolphin bits all closed
so that was a bit of a pain in the butt
but hey it was getting kind of hot so we
came back even though we've done
everything I've done a couple rides we
did the shows as you've seen and now
because it's only well it's only 20
parts for we've just freshened up and
now we're gonna go ahead and go to the
outlets which is like pretty much just
shopping we're gonna go shopping
we had a shopping day for tomorrow but
we're gonna go shop in today as well as
kind of like a practice a little warmup
so let's go let's go shopping
minutes shopping and one of Germany's
target shops but what it works and
there's a young can do outlet here as
well so we're interrupting guys are now
in trouble the Yankee kontiola is here
Thank You candy Yankee Candle outlet is
here guess who's going in should be
nephritis look at all of these candles
this is so many gems have been here for
a long long time
and therefore achievers Agra petha one
hour later
hours later
okay so should you take that long spots
to giant bags of young candles but like
half the price from home that's good and
now we're gonna help the fruit bowl
about
eat it
yeah good where are all my little bin as
you saw and I didn't I didn't have much
luck today guys they were supposed to be
a warm-up but you know I didn't get much
I got I didn't get his hair it's had the
other day I've let you bought apart from
this hair just candies and chocolates
thank you me I got both of these or
that's my wallet and there was it I got
like a selection of crazy little Lin did
chocolates which is cool and we had one
of these before we bought one in London
but now I found one of the years I want
to love one for candy pizza young girl I
don't know if this one's any different
than the one we had before it looks
pretty much the same because follows
like little candy pizzas Straubel a
series to be bananas it looks good it
was good but anyway I would edit this
vlog because that takes me absolutely
ages of course Gemma got one two three
four five six seven seven Yankee Candles
and some other candles from another shop
I think she did pretty well huh so I'm
adding this blog here thank you so much
watching if you enjoy it please do a big
fat thumbs up w awesome I'll see you
guys tomorrow for more shopping
