good morning it's 8:30 which is a little
bit later than when we normally been
getting up but um today is our first
Disney day we are going to Magic Kingdom
the big one magically should be awesome
and it's going to be even more awesome
because in 15 minutes not 14 minutes
we're getting picked up by a Disney rep
because we're going v.i.p which is why
this is going to be even more exciting
and we have like dinner reservation
today as well for breakfast so we
haven't eaten yet I'm very very hungry
I'm gonna look forward to that so we've
basically got four all four days thanks
to maker which is awesome we are able to
go to all four Disney parts VIP which
means we get our own little tour guide
we can go to the front of some of the
queues and go for the fast passes it's
going to be good it's going to be good I
think we can get some dinner
reservations like on the spot if we want
to as well partly which is cool so if we
get hungry and want to go a certain
place put a coming called here please
but I'm anyway it's going to be super
fun and of course you guys are coming
along with us as well so we've got as I
just mentioned now still 14 minutes to
go so we need to go outside because
they're going to be picking us up before
- and it looks like it's gonna be a real
glorious day check that out yep yeah
it's gonna be nice I'm looking forward
to this she's gonna be awesome
woo
No
right related to magic in the wedding of
really super super intricate is really
cool
taking a selfie the Instagram to find
that but yeah we made it we've got into
like a super game find backstage minutes
before leak usually being like we're
partners
I will introduce you to him later on but
we are in this magical place right here
full breakfast
we all look guys all the characters come
down it's like you can eat buffet
directors we start with orange juice we
can apple juice over there but I'm going
to characters
we would have fun today
we just finished our breakfast in that
way Main Street USA we're trying to
track down snow right because Gemma's
not really nice to be the time tried out
and help some Brides because we got
immunity fast bus with the eyepieces oh
let's check this out
hahaha
Oh
I'll meet with you shortly
- how'd you make that work to let you
know it's their first time using today
do you think I could get a picture with
you - please Emily yes
you're not so much stuff already today
and now we're going to Gemma's paper
which if you imagine you've seen work
done already
we got Lowe's respond fast like under
big part bus is so good grab some truth
is well with us dorms
we all know so we basically watch the
carnival and then what what do we do we
went on the we went Space Mountain but
it broke down so we couldn't do that
anymore
then we went on the Mine Train again
which you saw and then we went on Buzz
Lightyear which you've just seen so it
was a really really good day the VIP is
Opie it really really is we got on every
single ride pretty much walk on apart
from Buzz Lightyear which was a little
bit busier in the day we got we managed
to do literally everything I'm trying to
do a professional vlog here to saying
just saying how professional they are
better hope you enjoyed anyway and now
it is 6:42 and we're gonna go out for
dinner I think it looks a bit cloudy now
no upsets me a little bit where we going
where we going all right not too bad
that's not well cloudy in Orlando is
literally just hot anyway so are you
doing punk look at my sunburn on my arm
oh geez
Pro I've done tuna but that looks so bad
yeah
stop get what you were inside yeah we're
going to go and get some food so you'll
see that next and I think we might be
going to Applebee's which you've never
been to before
let's go
and we're back from another awesome
dinner in another new place because we
haven't been to a tweeze before but it's
extremely nice we might go back there
before the holiday end but that's not
what I went to think about right now
when I think about the day that has been
it was not some day VIP is super Goods
the food we had was super good had pasta
chicken wings onion rings I was so good
but we can't like eat all the portions
because portions over here a huge
absolutely huge we got like halfway
through them when I were done and then
the waiters like usual you're done and
they asked you like three times or sure
you're done but it's all good it's a
good way it with full bit to bus so very
very nice
tomorrow the tomorrow plans are Epcot
which is another Disney part which means
more VIP there's only a couple of rides
in Epcot there's the main ones are test
track mission space and soaring and
those are the three ways we're going to
do and then the rest is literally just
the World Showcase which where you walk
around the massive lake in the middle
and you get to video at different
countries it's really cool and of course
Japan is an awesome Japan shop in there
so we're gonna be doing lots of shopping
tomorrow
I think we're going to try and stick
around with the fireworks tomorrow as
well so not as early start which is good
and then we'll go and meet Carlos
tomorrow and he'll take a stab
which should be awesome and of course
you guys are coming with us so I'm gonna
go sleep watch I need to edit this vlog
render it then sleep at uni to upload it
as well but you don't need to know about
that so I'll see you guys tomorrow
hopefully you enjoyed this vlog if you
did then please be a big fat thumbs up
that before supposed to you guys
tomorrow
