good morning everyone so today we are
going to island adventure which means
Harry Potter
it means spider-man it means superheroes
it's gonna be awesome so I'm super
looking forward to that I am slightly
burnt I don't know if you can see that
from yesterday even though we put some
stuff on but hey the Sun is good the
song is good my face upcycle tomorrow
right now as well
I'm currently uploading yesterday's vlog
and this has been on overnight and it
still says focus focus focus 21 minutes
to go so all 20 that should be good so
what we're gonna do now is go ahead and
have breakfast and hopefully by the time
I come back it's uploaded if not I have
to leave it in hope because the incident
isn't that good so let me put the shoe
on I've only got one shoe on and then
let's go to Universal no eyelids
adventure this is going to be awesome
but first we need rec first so let's go
you
because it is
m√≥nica
Oh are we
let's go
Ultra soars in this effort to get this
light they're awesome sighs these gentle
giants
folks dr. Han
haha
vision this is Kirsten
a little bit
you
wait a while and it's time for the
making Harry Potter riot which is very
good
your journey is about stopped safe
though and so the Hogwart sorting hat
tell Tori we have to
these benches
oh but now he needs me shot inside not
diseases laughs we'll look this so much
colors and stuff these cupcakes as well
so much sweet singing so much candy
there but we
composition is my
don't worry my dear
and with a big
it looks pretty cool but we don't really
I'm we're trying to find so here on
everything suppose we had sold it let
you go and Russian Clark like twenty
five nine so we've got fine alright
run again - money's gone home is that
bad boy out there to help people and
that's super good
I can't get it on any rise again total
we're gonna go to Hulk next what do you
think
anything open so let's go
that that everything in I bet you want
to do exist
it wasn't busy at all when we got here
we are going to ride the Hogwarts
Express which is the brand-new thing we
haven't even done yet so we're super
excited and we're going to try to take
you from Islands of Adventure all the
way to Universal so we're going to see
what that's like right now I've heard
really good things about it so I can't
what he's occupied Harry Percy looking
in the city
a bunch of first years
writers forget my little mouth
Hey
got a night bus
to Diagon Alley
yeah see what it's like
why'd you go
you
I spend time
Harry Potter world is super good as
expected and now we have now it's got
the right
Oh
where we headed
yeah
so after getting food we went and did
what if we do The Mummy we went into the
mummy and we went back terrible world
because the new rider Gringo's ride has
broken down so we went back to visit
again but the right time is way too long
and we are coming back here anyway next
week so when the mummy it was cool and
now I'm not sure with the Jenelle so
let's see
and we're back so we're back from
universe we've been back for about an
hour and a half I think and I just
uploaded a short vlog on the main
channel just to announce I'm here and go
and check out these videos right here
and again some really cool comments on
the one that went up which is underwater
adventure at Discovery Cove and people
seem to really like it which is awesome
because we've got all the GoPro footage
and stuff which I really really liked
I just noticed YouTube had a look it's
called transparent yeah well so we're
going to do now I get a bit peckish so
we were probably going to find food in a
bit but we left a Universal because we
did Islands adventure where we did
literally everything we needed to do in
the first hour or so it's like a few of
the big rides and then we went all the
way over to Universal which you saw and
then we're going back to both parts
later next week so we didn't stress
about doing everything in one go came
back because it's so so hot today I
think it might be cooling down a so whoo
look outside let's have a quick peek
epeak I can't see yeah it looks like
it's gonna rain actually it looks a bit
mean oh yeah yeah we're probably gonna
go out for dinner and then probably good
sleep I was gonna have a nap but instead
I got carried away editing the vlog this
is going to be in and it's already out
like 12 minutes so definitely more
interesting tomorrow but it looks cool
all the Hobart stuff to show you what
you would have seen that already so
probably next thing is gonna be food
yeah
and we're back in a hotel room guys it
is five parts nine which I've seen quite
a late one for us because we spend about
two hours in the restaurant it was
really nice went to UM Chili's as you've
just seen and we had really good food
big food still can't get over how big
the portions are here and had this
really really cool thing which is like a
little iPad on the table and you could
pay a dollar and you could play games on
it and it was a really good way to kind
of kill the time between ordering your
food and then get in your food and then
a little bit after as well between like
the main bit and then dessert looks so
awesome ends up playing that for like an
hour this game called game of life which
I've heard of and played before that
this is super cool and yeah it was a
really really good evening so definitely
check out Chili's if you're applying to
visit America live in America oh I never
been it's a really really nice place to
eat so we are gonna go to bed now
because tomorrow is Magic Kingdom day
our first Disney park and we got
something special planned for tomorrow
at the park I'm not going to say what
just yet I'll reveal that in the morning
in the next vlog but it's gonna be
awesome so I'm gonna sign up now guys
cuz means asleep need to be up tomorrow
towards go to Disney and we will see you
in the next vlog if you enjoy pretty big
some fun I kind of speak a big fat
thumbs up that we also know see you guys
tomorrow bye
