morning guys so it is Popeye 7:00 in the
morning and I'm not feeling too tired
you feeling tired no we are the good
good long asleep I sort out my videos
and stuff so today it's Discovery Cove
day and if you don't know what Discovery
Cove is it's pretty much oh it's kind of
hard to explain it's like a compare
Addai s-- that you just have unlimited
food drink and you just like chill out
and the lazy river it's so good but I'll
stop explaining next I'm not really
doing a good job and I will just cut
straight to the video most is available
probably on this because we need to well
it needs to be waterproof which this is
and this definitely is not and we're
going to be spending most of time in the
water as well so it's probably going to
be a GoPro day so I'm definitely glad I
bought this with me
so we don't we photobombing vlog bombing
seafloor bombing yeah so we get
unlimited food and drink including the
price and stuff so you can say a lot
food or drink a lot of water fish and
swimming it's going to be good oh and
are you doing the dolphin swim
no I'm doing the dolphin swim again I've
done it before and it's real real fun so
basically now I can tell you what it is
but I'll see if I get some footage of it
are you gonna film me doing the dolphins
there we go alright keep going so I
taxis about ten minutes away
you
you
and we're back oh man that was literally
the best thing ever so we've been there
before but it was just so good the
weather was perfect it wasn't too hot
wasn't cold at all it was perfect the
Sun came out the Sun came in which kept
it like warm but not way too hot so you
can sit out and we swam for ages as you
saw and we just hit loads and loads of
stuff it was so good I mean the manta
ray thing was incredible and my GoPro
footage I literally just watch it just
now you would have just watched it just
now as well I am so impressed with it
literally that is the footage that I
captured was better than what I could
see with my own eyes it was so so good
so I hope you enjoyed that I am so
impressed my GoPro really really glad I
bought it with me um forgive my hair and
stuff by the way because I had a shower
yet after going swimming that messes the
hairs up of course but now it is sixteen
fifty which is ten to five which is
quite crazy because 10:00 to 5:00 in the
UK my videos wouldn't be up for another
like hour and a half now all three of my
video is about my more TDM what my
normal TDM one and my second normal TDM
one is outside so we're getting to the
times but we had unlimited food and
stuff at Discovery Cove which is awesome
but I think what we're going to do
because we've still got like an evening
left but probably that we go to Walmart
but we're all gonna get showered and
just chill out first because Walmart is
awesome and we don't have it in the UK
so I think we're going to take an
awesome a trip to Walmart and then I
think I get some food maybe it depends
our hungry one is because we ate a lot
free food is good when you could just
pick up everything and eat or it's
awesome so I had an absolutely amazing
time at Discovery Cove if you ever take
a trip to Orlando I would HIGHLY highly
recommend it also swear the dolphin for
the second time but they don't allow you
to record it because they record it
themselves and so yet for a lot of money
- which we didn't buy so um yeah I would
HIGHLY highly recommend to taking a trip
to Discovery Cove if you are ever in
Orlando so that was my day
um actually you know what my day isn't
even over I'll see you by the vlog in
Walmart let's do this we made it to
Walmart
randomly in the shoe section but Walmart
is massive there's so much in here it's
awesome if you're honoring why you think
Walmart is so good it's because we don't
have anything this size in the UK so
we've done a little bit of shopping but
let's do some more we might even sell
fish what and we're back and we bought I
don't even remember what we bought so
let's get out right now here we go good
oh I push and do that sounds like
there's cans in there so true Moo
chocolate milk because I had this this
morning Discovery Cove it was super nice
standard cokes apparently these are mini
cans but these are almost the same size
as I like normal British guys so that's
a win and then what else we got what
standard water in there I think because
as a staple pretty much and then we get
to the good stuff
these Memphis barbecue Pringles which of
course we don't have in the UK these we
have in the UK but not in this size at
this price so I've got tons of them gem
got some Twix things goes in here makeup
I mean why not what we can't eat that I
picked up some of these as well because
I've never had chips away before I don't
want to try them so I got some and
there's so much Mike and Ikes this was
like gems number one things you get from
boombox so we got original fruits Mike
and Ike what else what else what else
tropical typhoon they're the ones we had
at home and berry blast Mike and Ikes
they're good Fiona tried them before
definitely try them and of course went
last time we came to America we didn't
have Ellie or Darcy and we didn't really
look at any bad things because we nobody
bets so we've got some tech things today
to bring home for saying sorry for Luna
two weeks pretty much this what is it
it's a psychedelic frog of course and a
cute little mini bow very cute oh
there's some more stuff for me not for
me not for us for the bows and these do
we know they really really like because
they've got um
peanut butter
pork vegetable and chicken is how it is
we go and we know Ellie and Darcy both
love those
is that it no we got I think so they're
super busy so we went on pretty quickly
and it's 8 p.m. Sweeney's gonna eat
still but there we go
Hotel snacks from its having a quick
break and I think we did pretty well so
now I guess we should go get some food
but in a way we're going to go on eat
CeCe's has been chosen let's go
and we are back
I'm so tired you tired we're in so much
swimming so much exercising so tired so
now that we've eaten report just gonna
sleep so thank you for watching this
vlog hopefully it was super awesome
because I'm just about to go and edit it
now and I've already seen the underwater
shots and they look really really cool
so I hope you enjoyed it if you did
please leave a big fat thumbs up and
tomorrow we are going to Islands of
Adventure I think yes we're going to
islands of adventure so that should be
awesome and I will see you guys tomorrow
for that
