good morning punks so it is only no time
is it's quarter to eight which means you
need to leave in 15 minutes
yes and we need to go to drop our bags
off and then we need to why I need to
pack my I literally took all of it out
to edit earlier and then when you take
them to drop our bags so they go into
the plane and we do our security checks
and then we're going to go eat because I
am already hungry and I'm looking
forward to bacon eggs and other things
and then we got on a plane so it's
moving that far and so we've gone to
plane it's like three hours until we
take off which is crazy but um we've got
better seats this time so we were a
little bit like let's step up from
normal which means you can check in in a
different place which means it takes
less time hopefully anyway hopefully it
should be cool so I can't really see you
next in the airport
so guys our flight was delayed by about
an hour I think so
we have breakfast which you've just seen
and now I did like a walk to the thing
I'm about to just like get there and go
straight back so we're going to go in
there and hopefully get on first got
special tickets so next time you see me
we'll be on the plane cool
guys we made it
and it's super warm already what we
haven't even been outside yet we'll just
cross from the monorail to the airport
and it's super warm but we need to find
something very very special which I
transfer to the hotel it's got to be
awesome I'll show you guys in a second
there she is
limo to the hotel
oh yeah
oh look we just arrived at a hotel
it's got like lights in the ceiling it
looks so poor this would properly
properly work this now we need to grab
our bags and get out I get it seem like
a TV is this music come on bad this was
so worth it so now it's like 6:00 p.m.
that means my check into a hotel
I see unison and we made it we're
checked in ready to go and all settle
down which is awesome because traveling
is kind of like the most confusing bit
especially when your bones like a
completely different country but now
we're back with freshened up because
sitting up time for nine and a half
hours is not a good thing and I'm
playing not only about the later the
beginning also got delayed at the end
because you have to sit on the plane for
like half an hour I think to try and get
off it because the airport so busy the
meds go through security which took
about 40 minutes but now we're here and
we got to ride in the limo all year so I
don't know what our plan is now but it's
now half six American time which means
that it is half eleven in UK time so we
need to try and stay up to alter our
body clocks to American time so
hopefully we don't get too tired even
gonna get dinner right okay you know I
think we're going to go either TGI
Fridays or well since it Chili's I don't
know we'll find out anyway hotel room Oh
so been in this hotel we've been to
America three times in the past three
issues and we've had the same hotel song
because we really like it's in a great
location is really really close to
universal it's actually like a mile I
think from Universal and then Disney is
sorted because we've got something
sorted out for that but I'll let you
know about that later here's a bathroom
interesting and there's a little sink
their front door and then you walk in
beautiful mirror there's a leg right
there they didn't come with a hotel room
and then there's two double beds
oh no you okay I think Jim's tired yeah
here we go
this is our basic hotel rooms be honest
long they spend too much time here at
all because we're going to be going out
and doing things that's why I location
is better
being with this is super nice and they
do really really nice bacon and egg
breakfast which I'm looking forward to
tomorrow and then tomorrow day one of
activities but for now we need to get
food and to venture out into the warm
and there's the end of our traveling to
Orlando so we went and got a tGI's I
think I might said Franken bands before
and then tGI's where we got this which
was super nice and now we just need to
sleep it's only like I don't think it's
even 9:00 p.m. over here but we need to
sleep so badly so we're gonna do that
right now and we'll see you tomorrow for
discovery code which it could be super
super awesome so see you tomorrow guys
thank you so much watching your phone's
up you enjoyed it and I'm excited about
seeing all the activities that we're
gonna be doing I'll see you tomorrow bye
