hey guys it is now the morning or later
in the morning so ended last vlog at
2:00 a.m. so yeah it's now the morning
and unfortunately the uploads froze
overnight so I only got 10 out of 20
uploaded so I've got is that 9 I got 10
more to upload today and I've got from
now which is 936 and Tim about a half
past 6 because we're leaving a little
bit later because Gemma's mum and sister
they need to finish work today which is
unfortunate but it means that we go down
later today which isn't too bad that
means that we got pretty much the whole
day to destroy everything else so I
still need to pack I still need to iron
some clothes I want to take what else do
I need to do I need to out something
with my accountants because that's being
annoying and I have to do that before we
go away otherwise that is gonna be two
weeks of wasted time which is super
annoying because that's something I
really would want to do today what else
one of the things do we need to do today
we just take the pugs to their daycare I
want to spend some time of the pugs who
longer see them two weeks alright it's
gonna be a crazy crazy day but I cannot
wait to literally get to the hotel and
then go out for dinner it's gonna be
awesome so looking forward to it also a
disclaimer I just want to say that I'm
not sure how the internet is gonna be I
don't think I said then this in the last
block I said daily blobs are returning
that's only if the Internet is good
enough to upload while we're in America
because I'm not sure if it's gonna be I
can't take a 3G dongle that literally
cost me hundreds and thousands of pounds
to upload from a free G dongle so
hopefully things no that's good that's
what that's what these daily vlogs are
riding on so if you don't see daily
vlogs or try and get something up to say
whether the Internet's working or not
but hopefully hopefully we can get them
working but for now I need to get these
uploaded I am gonna finish drinking my
tea in my adventure time mug of course
and I will see you guys later in the day
I'm not sure wanting to be doing next
but it need to be something important
the time is now five past five which
means we have about an hour and of it
until we leave oh my goodness my office
is a little bit of a mess but hey we'll
forgive it our
maybe my GoPro up oh man okay I'll take
this case down instead so I bet you got
a lot done today all of my videos are
uploaded which is Austin now gonna load
in some games which is awesome - I'm
gonna try and play some games on the
plane because knowing 1/2 hours is a
long long time to try and find stuff to
do so I'm going to what I downloaded
Sonic Adventure 2 I'm gonna play that
again and I'm also got the Sims and of
course minecraft of course we're gonna
do that as well but what else wasn't
gonna do up here oh yeah I need to
shower computer down so I'm gonna do
that right now
goodbye computer goodbye I'll see you in
two weeks
it's gonna be weird not being on this
computer for two weeks I can't remember
the last time I was away from it that
long like the last time I took two weeks
off I can't even remember I really
really can't it must have been at least
a year or two ago I took two weeks off
in a row which is absolutely mad whose
turn this off this off and hopefully it
doesn't turn itself back on because it
likes to do that sometimes
man it's dusty so dusty when I get back
but I think about maybe getting a new
computer I think I need to take this
with me actually it's take this go and
stay off stay off turn off why are you
taking so long
yeah I think we're gonna try and get a
new computer because this one's
struggling and I kind of need one for
better streaming because I did look it's
turned itself back on what are you doing
you're crazy PC you know what because
you made me mad you're going off the
emergency way there we go
stay off Punk stay off be on think about
getting a new PC because if you have
more power in your PC because mine's
almost there but not quite any like a
bigger I need a better what's it called
I need a bear I've got a fight at the
moment process I need an i7 at least and
I might get a more outdated one than
that but it makes my streams better even
though I got bad upload but we're gonna
do for this GoPro away and then I pack
my things but I think I've almost done
and then it's final checks and then
we're going home and I'm excited got
about two hour drive to air bore though
not too excited about that
it's almost time guys and we've got the
boughs are ready to go we're gonna miss
you Lily and Darcy does
she's over there you can see her but I'm
just about to pack the most gaming bag
ever because as I mentioned I'm gonna
put some longer present games on the
plane so I've got my laptop here and
I've got all this stuff as well as go in
so it's gonna be literally just my
laptop I'm even packing this because
I've got a thing that allows me to
connect this to the laptop so I can play
games properly it's gonna be so cool
well hopefully if it works anyway we
have a problem already fit be it if hit
earlier don't worry I can't do it with
one hand
anyway we're just waiting for your mom
and sisters to get here and then we're
gonna go so I better get back in and
then we're gonna say bye to the Bose
white balls
bye are you ready to go to your home for
the next two weeks hard
oh no she's like please don't leave
please don't mean okay let's get out
this hot car shall we go huggy easy
they know where they are
finally
some you off
we go it's gonna scare my number plate
oh what a machine is here it's not
John here isn't it yeah yeah yes
we are here and my god I need your pain
so bad you away from us first
let's go in the middle one there we go
scan me do it dry
we made it we made it into the hotel so
we are staying in this hotel just
tonight so that we can pretty much just
walk across over there and go and catch
our plane which should be awesome so
this is the room welcome its we've got a
free upgrade which is prettiest we've
got extra beds for no reason so we've
got like three beds or a triple in total
which is cool but now it is a half past
nine so we need to go and eat and then
probably just go straight and sleep
because I just drove for two hours so
I'm pretty tired but we definitely see
first so that's what you're probably
going to see next I'm feeling for some
pasta we should get pasta
I guess as you can see I didn't have
pasta but i had pulled pork which is
just as good it was good and i forgot we
had these you didn't get anything did
you
i got a fruit salad to eat and also oh
no you did get something
these yuca you got frozen lollies not
just any lollies it straight up
chocolate lollies look at those bouquets
yeah we're going disney's so old man
Elsa and Anna's Elser and Orsi up one
called
esprit embarrassing yeah enjoy and I've
also scratched out and got one of these
you know I love these you know I love
these but I don't think there's a fridge
so I have to eat it now nothing there is
you just hidden away but I don't think
there's a fridge in here poor soul hotel
Porsche we've got get up and leave for
8:00 tomorrow 8:00 in the morning so I'm
excited it should be pretty easy because
they're excited way I'm really looking
forward to it it's quarter to 11:00 I
need to go to bed it's gonna be awesome
so I'm gonna end this vlog here if
you're excited to see some potential
American balls so we have no idea what
the Internet's gonna be like I really
really hope I can upload when I'm out
there let's hope so because why hide
American in that's really good I don't
know about hotels but anyway guys I will
catch you guys tomorrow hopefully we're
gonna go and fly tomorrow which I'm so
so excited about what it'd be quite jet
lag but we're gonna go explore America
tomorrow how weird is that sound I'm
gonna go and explore America it's gonna
be sweet so thank you so much watching
if you enjoy please do bottoms up I'll
be awesome I'll see you guys tomorrow
