this is my view whenever I try to eat
something look at their faces and I
please give me some I'm so hungry
but in the end they always get food so
uh hi guys how are you doing I am going
back to daily vlogging for a short
amount of time because today is Sunday
and then not tomorrow and Monday not no
Tuesday we're gonna be flying to Orlando
which is gonna be awesome so we're gonna
be doing like Disney universal
absolutely everything so I thought I'd
bring you guys with me because the
highly scripted thing I've been talking
about it on streams for a little bit as
well and people been saying you need to
get your blog you need to Adam go into
so it should be awesome hopefully I'll
be able to upload the model out there
I'm not sure what the hotel Internet's
gonna be like but the only way to find
us when we're there so I'm gonna start
today gonna start vlogging today because
there's Sunday well two days until we
fly and this is this is where the hype
begins so today we are going to take
these guys these are the guys out for a
big walk with some friends you gonna
enjoy that huh I think she is I think
she is you're gonna like the daily blogs
huh and these guys are going into like a
doggy daycare place for two weeks and
they are gonna love it it's like a
holiday for them as well as a holiday
for us so they're gonna love it there
aren't you aren't you so right now we're
just chillin and then we need to go to a
park which is about I think it's about
an hour away ish name is chick you
having spent our ways we're gonna leave
in about 20 minutes and then Oh what you
doing that's what I was eating wasn't it
there's none left I swear to you it is
none left I promise you it is not left
she doesn't believe me
yeah what are you doing yeah we're gonna
go to the park we're gonna walk these
guys and then we're gonna come back and
I need to make about 20-ish
a thumbnails for the videos I prepared
when we're away which was so long but
got some special things planned which
should be good and my special series
which would be hopefully go down wells
have a lot and a lot of work into it I
need to make foam nails and then I'm
officially done I'm just gonna upload
them all overnight and then by tomorrow
morning hopefully all the videos are
done hopefully anyway if everything goes
to plan they need to pack and then
tomorrow evening we've go into the
airport
so we can go to a hotel and that means
that it's like it's less chance of us
missing our flight because we can just
be in our hotel attached the airport so
we're going to do that and I'll probably
see you guys at the park you're ready to
go I think she's a little bit sleepy so
I think you know what I'm gonna say yeah
I forgot to take my camera to
the park
ah why would I do that and I'm just like
you know what I've forgotten it or film
on my phone and then I lost my phone in
the car literally the smallest place to
ever lose something and I lost it in the
car and I didn't find until we got home
so I put a choice with there being no
footage in the park it was like a really
nice day and we saw other pugs it was
good and now the girls are super tired
so we can get ready for our vacation
holiday thing I'm gonna say vacation you
know what I think is a better word than
holiday so right now I've got my
appropriately branded mug here we've of
course some tea in it and I had to go to
the shop as well because you ran out
teabags and sugar that's literally I
know I've literally got a headache
because I have another tea for the whole
day so it's my second one in a row and
I've got this which I'm slowly working
towards finishing because when we went
to insomnia I got given a literally like
a hundred cream eggs I'm about halfway
through them it's a long process but
it's happening it's happening what also
was a long process was making videos for
this trip I have made 22 videos which
means now I need to finish all of them
up I've rendered them all they're all
rendered now but I need to do 22 thorn
ales right now yeah 22 different
thumbnails and if I take ten minutes on
each that's 220 minutes you know how
long that is that's that's like three
four hours that's mad if I take ten
minutes on each one so I'm going to
close this close this just a sneak peek
of any videos that aren't out yet
I guess if you can see any of those I'm
double rendering as well madness so I'm
gonna close this and I need to make a
thumbnail for right now because I've
just uploaded diamond dimensions so I
need to put thumbnail for that and then
I need to skip through and make all the
thumbnails and I really want to try out
this which is a new toy that I got so
I've got one of these it's a GoPro Hero
the black edition and I bought this
literally just for our vacation because
it should be awesome for going on rides
and we're doing a few I think we're
doing a waterpark and we're doing
something called Discovery Cove which is
super awesome involves a lot of water so
this has a waterproof case which means I
can film underwater and should be
amazing really really amazing so yeah I
bought this and I'm going to try it out
right now apparently can do time lapses
on it I might try the one of those now
as well but hey I've got a new toy I'm
ready to use it and I need to make these
thumbnails because that is literally the
last thing that I need to do before we
go away oh and upload them of course but
I'll do that tonight my head is hurting
why why are you doing this to me why
yeah this is my new GoPro what do you
think it's kind of like got a really
weird eye effect on it I think that just
makes everything look better so
hopefully I just try to add time-lapse I
don't know if it worked but hey if it
did then it's all good and I've just
finished one from now over 22 left no 21
left this is going to be a long time and
we're done and it is or might be 147
a.m. oh dear oh I've been doing fog
notes for a long time I thought I had to
compress a load of videos and now I am
uploading them a 10 of them are
uploading right now they've got to
upload the other 10 tomorrow or 12 or
something like that it's crazy but I've
been doing video things literally all
day it's been crazy but now I am set for
2 weeks which means I can now set off
today I was gonna say tomorrow it's now
today oh man if it - this / - ugh
but yeah I can now solve tomorrow look
today what am I saying what am I saying
myself later today to the airport and
just chill out for two whole weeks is
gonna be awesome I'm gonna have to end
today's vlog here I'm sorry to record
too much but this was more like an
announcement saying that I will be back
to daily login for two weeks it's gonna
be awesome and I'll be taking you guys
to Florida with me it's going to be
absolutely awesome so thank you so much
watching if you're excited then please
leave a big thumbs up that would be
awesome
I'll see you guys in the morning later
in the morning anyway and for the first
a little bit of our journey see you
later guys
