it's cold hey guys how's it going I'm
starting the vlog in the garden today
because I'm just taking these little
Punk's out because I'm running late as
usual because I need to be at a tattoo
place at 10:00 and it's currently
quarter to nine so I need to get my butt
moving I overslept because I stayed up
late I stayed up to like half to editing
the vlog that you have seen yesterday ah
why I do this every time but it's
another really frosty morning as you can
tell so I'm gonna grab some breakfast
grab a cup of tea I saw these dogs out
because they need some breakfast and I
need to head to a town that's not where
I live to be able to go and get my
tattoo which I'm really excited about
okay I made it I made it to the car park
where I need to be and obviously you're
gonna get a tattoo in a car park I'm
literally running about 15 minutes late
because there was mad traffic traffic
was not nice to me today but um here we
go getting a tattoo is not that
interesting I'm not gonna lie I have to
sit there for a good probably four or
five hours so I try and get as much
footage as possible and yeah I'll see
you guys in a bit
the moment it's a little bit later than
when I originally gone so I got home
about six ish and then I needed to fix a
video the broke or wasn't right I kind
of remember but I fixed it anyway it's
up now and it was about the Australian
dantdm on tour I'm coming to Sydney
Australia I'll leave the link in the
description below to both the video and
the website where you get tickets which
will go up on Thursday 9:00 a.m. Sydney
time but you can check out the video for
more information but I'm yeah I've come
back I've got my tattoo done and it's
all wrapped up now I actually need to
change this cling film I need to keep on
for three days but I need to change it
so eyes will get infected and weird and
gross so I'm gonna change it right now
and show you why at you are done so I
don't think I told you guys this is
probably gonna be majorly majorly gross
here we go here we go this is the first
time I've seen it since you got wrapped
up as well hope it looks good and it
does oh yeah can you tell the difference
already
that's a terrible angle look so as I
mentioned I will need to wrap it again
and I'll need to do that three times a
day for three days just because it makes
the healing process a little bit better
it's kind of annoying to wear cling film
on your arm for a bit but it keeps it
nice and safe here it is so hopefully
you guys who know my tattoo well
actually recognise the difference so on
the Enderman bit with the purple and the
sandy color I've actually had something
called the Flower of Life pattern in the
background so you can still see some of
the the purple and the sandy color but
it's also got these really cool bits
here and as you can see right there it's
actually done in loads of dots so this
wasn't a like a solid coloring it was
all to do of these dots which I think
looks awesome and it goes all the way
around this way as well I look so much
better because all this was just all the
solid color and now it looks even more
awesome I'm so happy with it
there you go you can see it a lot better
like that look how cool this is and I've
had some white added to these stars as
well just to make them pop a little bit
more and it goes all the way around to
here too because it'll dotson stuff it
didn't actually hurt to and because it's
all dots and stuff it doesn't really
hurt too much after
unlike the block color I had done and
also I haven't updated you guys on this
side so this side used to be just a
gradient of red all the way down to
yellow but now it's got these cloud bits
which I had done about two months ago
and I think that now looks even more
awesome too so now with the Flower of
Life in the background it's actually
complete this this half sleeve is now
complete which I think looks awesome
so now what I need to do is I need to
put some special stuff on it just to
give it a nice protective layer so it
heals properly then I need to wrap it in
cling film and then I'm going to bed
actually first I'm gonna make a tea I
guess I should probably mention that I
know some of you guys just don't like
tattoos and that's fair enough you can
have your opinion that's absolutely fine
personally I love tattoos so I hope you
can respect this vlog anyway because I
think it looks really cool and I've
worked for over well me and my tattoo
artists have worked over a year on it I
got my first tattoo my Endermen of my
play button which I've vlog on this
channel over a year ago which is
absolutely crazy because not only is
that a long time to develop a piece of
art but also it shows how quick time has
gone a year is literally just gone -
yeah just wanted to mention that also if
you're under age obviously have to be 18
to get a tattoo don't even think about
tattoos don't even think about them
until you're old enough but I still hope
you enjoyed this vlog anyway big blue
kettles on the go and I think you guys
have deserved some puggy time hey Peggy
how you doing miss Darcy how are you
doing guys they were really really
sleepy and Ellie is um and he's in the
garden because she's go to the toilet
doesn't she pegs
oh so cute you're so cute cause even
when she's not trying
she's mega cute she has been made and
now I need to wrap up my tattoo just
before we go to bed but I just wanted to
show you this thing that I've only just
used for the first time I knew it
existed but never really had a use for
it it's called boomerang and it's made
by Instagram and it's kind of like a
picture and a video put together so it's
like a moving picture that goes
backwards and forwards it's actually
pretty cool also go following on
Instagram if you don't do so already the
link is in the description
but um yeah fun fact what I use to
protect my tattoo from any nasty as this
yep that says
happy care pointment or on diaper care
Ament if you're in the u.s. basically
they use on baby's bucks okay but on
this stuff is real all superheating
tattoos some people disagree but most
people agree with me this is awesome if
you can get it I don't know if they do
it outside the UK but this is awesome I
need to put it on I need to wrap it in
cling film cut it and then tape it on
let's do this
done so I probably should do is edit
this vlog but it's only midnight today
not going to bed at 2:00 a.m. or
something stupid so what I'm gonna do
instead what I'm gonna try and do and
try and set a new trend for my body
clock is to go to bed a little bit
earlier hopefully wake up a little bit
earlier as well because tomorrow I am
off to London to do some really cool
secret project stuff which I cannot wait
to show you guys and I'm going out for
dinner with the tour gang which should
be pretty cool so uh that's gonna be
pretty much if this vlog I hope you
enjoyed it if you did leave a massive
thumbs up that'd be awesome thank you so
much for the support in these vlogs you
guys seem to be absolutely loving them
I'm having tons of fun making them so
thank you hope you enjoyed and I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
