Hey hey guys how you doing so I'm
finally get around to start in my office
so I thought I'd bring you guys with me
and do like a kind of behind the scenes
of the behind the scenes video if that
even made sense so a time lapses intamin
and I don't even know what else I'm
gonna do so I hope you enjoy so I
thought I'd show you what it looks like
at the minute lots and lots of stuff
this is all like fan stuff which we kind
of need to put on the wall still this is
all old fan art which obviously we need
to keep in like a little library this
bit is done which has been done for a
while with like my gold button two
silver bands a photo frame and some
random plushies and awards and stuff
this is my crazy internet cell which I
haven't even showed you because look at
it there's not even any point in showing
you that it's just it's as crazy
absolutely crazy but I have now
completed building these which means
that I can now put all of that stuff
away like this I've got all this stuff
over here as well oh my goodness these
boxes need to go down into the garage
and Garrett is down here as you can see
down here I got this little stairway
this thing's not too bad it's got a lot
of kind of fan stuff which is kind of
cool you're reminded by little down TD
I'm over there and some pigs and stuff
and creepers buy my tap but yeah I
definitely need to to do this and I'm
just running out of video right now
which has taken a total of go up focus 2
hours and 42 minutes so far is about 15
minutes left so still got a little while
on that hopefully I can get some stuff
down here all that needs like clearing
up as well oh man it's gonna take a
while but it should be good when it's
done let's get to it
guys look who's come to say hello
Darcy Darcy Helena Howe you coming to
see what's going on huh
what he's cables right rabbit is done
some reason someone decided to design
those so that they have their circle why
would you do that
why would you make them circle they
don't stack they like slide them in
stuff that's the best I can get them
Rooter sneaky down there but it's kind
of a it's black so you can't really see
it it might have to move that to up the
top because because yeah it might not
like because I use this for my xbox
downstairs which is literally like this
way not too far down there those we got
the garage and then the living rooms
that way so hopefully we don't have to
move that but we might have to little
chests over there on top of that is the
controls for my LED lights which I will
show you in a sec hey and I also need to
decide what to put in there I'm thinking
these but I need like a cable box to put
them in so I think there's hats in there
but it's looking much better already and
already got a big big space to work with
pretty good I found a box right before
you guys get in here I probably won't
need any of these cables ever but hey
but hey let's put them all in there
there we go good holding that come on
now did guys no no it won't fit let me
down man just shy of three hours and
they finish rendering look who else has
come to say hi Eddie how you doing are
you doing her you're doing good I had a
friend another box oh yeah and this one
should fit please fit there we go
neat and snug it's the munchpak box
let's probably like cover that over
because it looks a bit swaggy and what
do you know we stay out of there under
there what's up buddy was
was it right quick scan of the room uh
it's so much more clean now look at this
space yeah
so much more space so I will say if the
real owl is here
oh they what are you doing they keep
finding bits and pieces to pick up and
play with this is mine this is mine so
now that we've done in that room it's
now on to this room
oh geez so this is gonna turn into kind
of like a just a chilling room basically
but there's loads of stuff in here
absolutely
tons basically from the old house
there's loads of like fan mail and stuff
in there as well oh dear now there's
room for fighting fighting times yeah I
guess we need to move on to that room
now Hadji is and hopefully I can do an
office tour in here properly which you
got on the main channel when you either
come from that right now or you're gonna
go and see it after this because I'm
gonna upload these at the same time so
that room is now the next challenge
so finally decided to start tackling
this room so basically I'm just trying
to find the stuff that I need for the
studio office tour whatever you want to
call it because I want to do the office
tour today which has been a long time
and I was like streaming last night and
so many people want to see it and this
is pretty much finished this office
right here but that room isn't and that
rooms gonna kind of turn into a gaming
room so let's hope so anyway
there's still a lot of boxes most of
this boxes and stuff are just fan art so
all of that is fun ah this is find out
which I'm just about to put up these are
all like cables and stuff and then more
fan are the sword stuff how you doing
pugs huh how you doing over there can
you see them just over here zoom into
the bugs look at her how are you guys
doing huh yeah anyway I just need to put
this up so this was up in my old office
is something gem bought me or made me I
think and it's like a collection of
fanarts there was some of my best at the
time so I think on my I think I might
just put this here for now because
there's nothing else and I would put it
like up like this but let me try that
for a sec could put it up like that but
it kind of blocks the blue
and it kind of looks alright like this
actually I don't have anywhere else to
put that and I've got this as well so
move this here and there we go that is
that section done actually looks pretty
cool I like it so yeah the office is
pretty much done it doesn't look like
anything from the back but from the
front well I guess this is kind of the
front I've got this all set up here
which you would have seen if you've
already seen the video but if you
haven't gone watch it now it should be
awesome I'm so glad I finally got like a
dedicated space where I can make things
and I'm just missing something from over
here
can you guess what it is can you guess
what it is we got gold silver silver and
white something needs to go there guys
something needs to go there but anyway
um I think that's pretty much it I need
to make sure the pugs don't steal my
things they've started stealing my stuff
so I've had to put like in one live
stream they stole all of these and then
just took them out there so I need to
have to move them over there how to move
this guy through here there's something
else I need to put there the admin of
atomic call creeper I need to find that
let's see if we can find it there it is
I found it it's beneath this stuff
beautiful cleaning stuff I'm gonna have
to die it's at the bottom man so yeah
this was never gonna go well was it no I
spilt it all all fell that's a cool fan
art though it all fell down but hey this
is what I was looking for oh jeez so
this is all fat out as well this is
mainly stuff I got from insomnia and
this old older stuff here one giving
this yeah there we go the anatomical
creeper I got it
so how does this actually display though
you just display like this or let's
crack it open and done it I've done it
look we've got the creeper so this is
half of it I'm guessing you can like put
it together so it's kind of it are we
doing you scorn its legs and Ellie
stealing the TNT oh Jesus what is wrong
with you so this was actually brought to
me bought for me by an awesome fan so
thank you so much this must serve this
must've cost a bomb to be honest oh jeez
its jaws fallen off this is probably
pretty complex to put together or you
know what I think I'm getting it
you put that in there I think yeah that
goes in there then this goes this is
like his jaw yeah that goes in there
okay I'm getting this I'm getting this
that I've done that right I think that
looks okay and now I need to get these
bits off of these bowls cuz at least all
the TNT and now that bike over it guys I
did it Ellie
I did it look are you pleased are you
pleased I did it I did it without your
help well kind of with your help
look it's quite the TNT Annette it's
kind of like a puzzle it's like a brain
in there as well it's really really cool
anything so - she's like I want to steal
that understood right now see this is
what I have to deal with they just steal
my things steal my things all the time
especially when I'm live Jimmy as well
so I can't really do anything about it
but I think now we're pretty much done
I've moved one of the trophies over to
there but you're trying to not to show
you too much because I'm going to show
you the finished product and the
finished video that goes on the main
channel I think we might be ready to go
let's see if there's one thing I'm
trying to find which is my age remember
on Instagram some of you may have seen
it it is a Pikachu special in tono 64
how does a guy lose a games console tell
me that how how does that happen I have
no idea but I'm gonna try and find it
right now so I can display it somewhere
because that's that is something special
no guys cannot find it I don't know
where it is it must be one of those
boxes somewhere but I don't know where
so we're gonna do is the video down so I
need the battery fully charged
I've eaten I'm ready to go and yeah it
should be good let's do it here we go
I'm trying to do some our tee shots
check this out I'm trying to do like a
little kind of intro bit with my office
chair and stuff looks pretty good I
think I just recorded the first take and
it looks alright so I think this is
gonna go well I think so anyway let's do
some more arty bits and I'm gonna try
and make this like an office door build
a little bit different so not like a
handheld one like this but as different
as you can get it and nice and slick and
professional let's see how that goes
though and there we go it's completely
done it's fully edited I'm just watching
it through to see if it's okay
I'm quite pleased de Vere I think some
things can win a bit better button bit
rushed for time today so if you haven't
seen it yeah then make sure you go over
to the main channel and check it out
I'll also put it in the description
below so you can go and see it if you
enjoyed the tour behind the scenes then
please do we gave a big fat thumbs up as
well because you guys on this channel
are probably seen what we transformed
this office from and - it's pretty crazy
so again thank you for watching and I
will see you guys in the next video good
