hey everyone how's it going it's been a
while as always so I thought I'd try
this new thing because I used to daily
vlog when we did the the house moving
stuff it was actually really interesting
but now some work on videos internet
24/7
it's not that interesting so what I
thought I'd do is I'd vlog like
throughout the week interesting stuff
that I do and then put it into one video
and upload it so I thought I would try
that out so we I've just been out in the
glorious weather taking the dogs for a
walk and now they're there they're
playing where it at is trying not to
play oh my goodness because I think
they're super tired because as I
mentioned before pugs are super
sensitive to temperature so she's kept
being a proper Wow yeah put the super
sensitive to temperature so taking them
for a walk in a hot day is like can you
take one a really short one so that's
what we did and so if I showed you this
yet but we've got um I don't know
supposedly those seen in our daily vlogs
from when we got the house first this is
now changed so this is the opposite end
of the Guardian so that's where the
house is and you look to the left and we
had a deck input in and I think it looks
pretty cool it looks like a stage I
could do like some music up there or
something but we can do now is I'm not
ready sure probably just like we need to
walk the grass actually into water
glasses brand new glass just kinda have
to keep um keep on top of it and take
care of it but look how beautiful it is
the day is just it's sore
thirty days well it's so nice girls to
get the hose out I think we should girls
what's this oh my god you get it wet fun
with the holes fun with the holes are
they gone they conduct a joint that much
is a rainbow can you see that that's
incredible oh my goodness
that's your rainbow I've made a rainbow
guys that's so cool oh because I love it
at huh Kelly what happens
did you everywhere is she fat she is so
you get that you got less sweat in the
bar my goodness so spiky you wanna go
real far we hot you're gonna stink of
wet dog absolutely still
perfect when it's a hot sunny day hmm so
after a really really nice a day it's
now I don't know like half nine and I
just saw a most ghetto streaming setup
ever check it out
a tight stream in my living room I'm
gonna try this for a little bit I don't
know how it's gonna work but it should
do constraint America 8 because the DLC
comes out soon so I'm gonna stream right
now videos going live I'm actually live
right now but non can hear me hopefully
anyway but if you can then hi you're in
a vlog but anyway um we're going to get
the stream go in the girls are chilling
and I am ready to place America let's do
this I'll see you after the stream just
like that the stream is over and it's
actually two days after to leave da is
two days after the stream stream very
well is like 5k viewers for like the
whole thing consider it as America's
dream that's pretty impressive
I am shocked and everything went ok in
here as well apart from one little punk
literally like I had my Elgato on the
floor down here beside to link it all
the way over to there because there's
like a HDMI cable in the back of that so
I had to link it from there and then one
of the pugs right at the end woke up and
just pulled it out and we were like
really that was like the race we could
have got a 9k rating as well I mean it
was it was funny it was actually really
really funny but now we have a Domino's
on the way because we actually have no
food in the house I've got a video
uploading so that should be up soon I've
already uploaded one which was like a
free game so I want to start doing those
again it's a good day it's a good good
Dobin town um I don't think I know I
didn't vlog in town because we later
just went in got the stuff we need and
went out and it was not interesting got
gingerbread man again without pretty
much it and I think I'm just going to
check our progress today and we've got a
cool idea for a video that we might do
this week as well for like the second
video on more TDM which should be
awesome so well see before then I'm not
sure when I'll see you next
but in Gemma has left to go out for the
evening so I'm left with the Pug is yeah
and we just about to go for a walk so
let's do it
they're gonna eyes that is pretty much
my week this week it's been beautiful
weather it still is I don't know if you
can see this but that's how bright it is
it's pretty bright but right now it is
Saturday the date you are watching this
video or maybe or not the day I'm
uploading this video and I have done two
videos for the main channel this video
for the second channel and I'm gonna do
a livestream today because I found an
awesome map you can be perfect for a
livestream so I need for my videos live
I need to edit this one and I will see
you guys in the next video I hope you
enjoy this if you like this new style of
vlog please leave a big fat thumbs up
and if you enjoyed it of course and also
subscribe to see more of my life behind
the scenes and there shouldn't be
available tomorrow and it's gonna be a
good one I promise you so again thank
you for watching and I will see you guys
in the next video bye
