hey everyone down here and welcome to
another video where today we're
rebuilding some Legos so I've been doing
this before I think I did on the other
channel before I thought I'd do it on
this channel for today a wiggly building
this some Minecraft and Lego so this
right here is the nether set and the one
I've already done is the village set
which has little villages and stuff but
this one's got tiny gases got a tiny pig
man so it's got nether portal and some
crazy other bits as well larvae and all
that cool stuff as well so I just
thought we'd hopped straight into it and
then I'll give my reactions after we
built it I know these take a long time
so hopefully the videos not too long but
let's get straight into it okay so here
we are we have five back in total two
books in total and it's probably gonna
take a while compared to the last one I
did it takes longer than you think
because you have to like cover all the
blocks over like this but we should get
straight into it and there's some really
cool things in the booklet about the
other ones if you haven't got them yet
so there's the forest and then you've
also got the one I've done already which
is the village and this is hopefully
what we're gonna have at the end of this
or really calm down a portal and it's
gonna look awesome so it looks like the
first thing that we need to do is the
easiest bit which is creating the mobs
so let's do that right now shall we
let's move this book out the way now the
hardest bit is trying to find the pieces
so let me try and create this Pigman so
we need our wait I found a pig head it's
you I grabbed this I think yeah look at
that that looks so cool it's so tiny so
I can like zoom into it look at that
that looks pretty awesome I think
there's just one of each Justin's gonna
be tricky okay so I'm gonna switch to
doing the gasps because I just found all
the pieces for the ghast I think so
anyway have I know I need these two bits
so I think they're in here actually to
need this bit that's my even the right
bit all rights so difficult to find them
all ha there we go I found it so ever
neat this piece and then we need to put
the gasps just put it like upside down
oh yeah you do look that the gas coming
up
it looks kind of cool though look at
that so the guard is up side I need to
put here like this and then put this bit
on top like that I see and then you flip
it upside down after you put these on it
it looks like there's two of gassed
pieces which is kind of cool I need to
switch this from around actually
so looks like there's two ghasts and
then I think there's only one zombie
pigman but I'll have to check that but
look at this yes this is beautiful I
like this like a little gas tea so there
we go there's our first little gas done
let me zoom in a sec there is kind of
curious see two pushes on a little bit
better there we go
that's really cute so yet two of these
one Pigman let's get the Pigman bill as
well by the Pigman I'm ready to go G
let's put the green on top of the pink
and then the brown on top of the green
and then you put this pin it's kind of
how they are holding those things and
then yeah and then you've got these
really cool it will sword things and
there are two I'm not sure why let me
just grab one of these and maybe there
is - no there is one there's definitely
one but you get two swords just in case
and there you go tiny little zombie
pigman how cute is that so it's got a
little golden sword and he's got a
Pigman face and he's looking amazing so
now we just need to make a second gassed
and then the rest and they go guys that
there are two guards and then a
microscopic mill Pigman and I really
like these they're kind of in scale
I'm sure with the whole set built
they're going to look awesome so let's
begin
okay so this is actually really cool we
are going to do the nether portal next
so we need to put two of these together
let me get them in the camera shot
properly and then we also need two
little bits of this and this is probably
going to be my favorite part of the
whole bill at the nether portal and the
little micro mobs as well and we've got
a little this is the actual purple bit I
don't know if you can see that that well
but there you go look it's kind like
see-through and purple at the same time
how cool is that and then we also need
to perfect the next bit pretty much do
the same again just kind of opposite so
those two parts this part here and then
two more on the top and then we are done
with the nether portal look how amazing
that is a tiny little Lego nether portal
that is super super cool so there you go
the Pikmin can now pop out of the tiny
old portals so I think that's all the
easy bits done so yet now we need to do
this bit right here so I'm probably
gonna build that and then come back to
you guys in a sec let's do this
and there we go that is number one of
four complete it wasn't too tricky
mostly black pieces and it's got little
flames inside which I hope you can see
and a little lava pool as well and then
most of it's on the top before the
netherrack and cool stuff like that so
one down three to go
this one took me a lie about 10-15
minutes so it's probably gonna take
about an hour in total but let's see I
might get quicker because the longest
bit is finding all the pieces which I've
now as you can see splayed everywhere so
let's see how it goes
and finally after about just over ten
minutes
number two is comple now this one is a
lot more red than the first one this is
the first one and they should have slot
together right that's if I push them
together I'm not gonna push them
together properly X I wanna see them
like separately later but they look
really cool I love this it got like the
flames it were playing me there as well
lava pouring down in kind of like the
blocky fashion of Minecraft in here and
smoking good two more to go
number three is done that is it was kind
of a mixture of the two that I already
done but with more larvae and this
bridge is still continuing and it's
looking good
these top tiles are so difficult to put
on straight look at that it's really
really hard so you only have chubby your
thumbs like me but anyway let's go on to
the fourth one and then we can put it
all together and see how awesome it
looks
there you go overall I think it's a
really really nice set it took me about
I say the best part of an hour to be
able to do it because all the little
tiles are really really fiddly I'll put
some little shots on now if I haven't
done so already
but yeah this is the minecraft nether
Lego say and I actually already have the
end set which is a really cool looking
one with a tiny end dragon and stuff
like that so if you want to see that one
and you enjoyed this video as well then
please leave a big fat thumbs up the RP
awesome and also subscribe to more
Minecraft more real live videos and much
much more so thank you guys for watching
I hope you enjoyed the sneak peek into
the Lego set and again leave a like if
you want to see some walks they're super
fun they look amazing in my office and I
will see you guys next time good
