hey how you doing down here and welcome
to another video now think back to
around the two weeks back when I did a
little video about interesting candy
from Japan it was pretty hard to pretty
roundabout actually quite liked you and
it was very very interesting so today
I've decided to do another one but from
foods from around the world so thanks to
a company called munch pack they send me
up books oh jeez look there's so many
inside and these aren't just from Japan
some of them are but you've got stuff
from like I guess like a bread salami
that is gonna be from Italy I guess
yep that's Italy and there's just what's
around them stuff in here so I'm gonna
try some foods from around the world
let's do this okay so we're starting off
with something then definitely doesn't
look like it does on the packet Oh
salami bread crisps so look at that look
at the packet definitely doesn't look
like that but a try one oh they are so
good I'm really salty yeah they're
really really nice what could stop this
like crispy crispy bread and taste the
salami exactly what it says on the tin
beautiful this has intrigued me slightly
this is Japanese I think but it's got a
little like candy corn on the front so I
don't know what get it don't taste like
sweet corn could you even get that when
get into it okay I see this is odd just
throw that over there so yeah it's like
oh that does not smell good
oh geez oh that is it's foamy kind of
thing let me try it no actually no no I
don't like that that's all right that
the texture it's like the gyre what's it
but it takes a sweet corn no oh and I've
dropped it and it's gone everywhere
whoops see now we're seeing the
we're inside of Japan and what are we
got here we have a chocolate banana bar
very happy city in English on the back
so it helps what I wear helps me know
what I'm gonna eat just try it now if
you remember in my last video I said I
don't like banana flavored things and
this does not look that appetizing to be
honest but here we go
oh all right sock and everything's gonna
be soft oh no that's not good I don't
like that oh I probably do me like a
real banana inside but I guess that
wouldn't really be allowed to happen
she'll just go mouldy and this is not a
good substitute I stand by the fact that
I do not like banana flavored things
let's put that back in the packet and in
the bin ah now my breath smells of it I
need to need to get rid of it with
something else and why not use this
because I was a cute little ice-cream on
the front it's from Japan so this one's
gonna be interesting yet again and it
doesn't have any English on it
whatsoever
also the more I eat the more weirds
taste I get in my mouth is like the
banana mixed with the salami mixed with
whatever else I've eaten a sweet calm
thing it ain't good and this I don't
think it's gonna make it even better
this is really crumbly I'm gonna try and
keep in the packet but it's like a an
ice-cream with a marshmallow on top so
let's try this
Oh compared to either you and already
that's not too bad it's like a
strawberry marshmallow in a normal
little cone very nice but I'm still
gonna put it in the bin man is alone in
here okay so I like to eat food that
looks good now this does not look good
it looks like oh no like they've cooked
rice and rolled it in cut grass that's
what it looks like and this is Chinese
okay see what I mean no let's try it
anyway
obviously didn't take a big bite of that
what is that you know it feels like in
my map it feels like oh gods no does not
feel good going down
it tastes like noodles that haven't been
cooked you know those ones you get that
you microwave in water it's like those
and then they've rolled in grass yeah so
I was close just by looking on the
packet
that's not nice at all oh oh no that's
not good
oh honey water need water goodness
that's better
think about it let's try another one
hey I'm good she a little bit it's a two
Milky Way these are not from different
countries hey wait this one is this
one's a Polish one a Polish Milky Way I
bet they taste the same though so this
is normal to me we have these in the UK
pretty sure you have them in America but
10 times the size but hey Milky Way
I'm gonna leave that's all last so that
if I don't like anything else and I can
just eat that and kind of like cleanse
my mouth a little mix it's not it's not
doing it too hot right now I don't think
it's gonna get better with a nutty max
bar no pistachios it's green for a start
it's fully green oh oh it's wrapped in
like two individual packages it is
exactly like Kinder Bueno exactly the
same but it's gonna be green and made of
nuts wait it's already made of nuts
isn't it oh so it's just green I can't
get into it this is a sign do not eat me
do not okay I'm going to take one chunk
of this wait a sec that previous thing
is still not settling good oh here we go
that's a Kinder Bueno that's exactly the
same if you don't know what those are or
for an image on the screen and then
maybe you will but it's like chocolate
and nuts it's very nice Archie tastes
like Nutella if you know what that is as
well
very good yeah something pleasant I
think that's the first thing maybe the
second thing I've likes cool haha nice
ok there's five things left but look at
these guys these are back
puppies this is exactly the same thing
that I tried last time so we already
know about that and if you haven't seen
that video yet go back in time on my
channel and you will see about two weeks
ago I tried this and many many other
Japanese products so we're gonna move
straight on - I think this is Chinese no
Taiwan
this is taiwan taiwanese onion pie
crackers oh no onion tire crackers are
you joking me there we are it's like it
looks like played over bits - green in
it let's go
wow I can't even bite that oh it worked
hell out rapping that's literally like
oh that's alright
no no that's not right it's like a it's
almost like a camera I can't even say it
caramelized onion with green bits on I
don't like that I'm sorry guys oh look
it's alright for the first minute well
then it goes severely downhill when you
get past the sweet part give me a sec
there's all sorts going on around my
mouth right now
oh right these look a little bit nicer
these are called milky dreams and these
are from where they from they're from
Poland as well so we've got a Polish
Milky Way and the dream milky or milky
dream whichever one you want to say to
be honest so they like their milk don't
they in
Poland's look there are no that little
sweets this looks promising
this looks really promising it's like I
don't even know a strap oh it's hard cry
bite it I don't even know
I can buy chip hmm they are good they
are really good
yeah those are really really good take
ages to eat so they'll last a long time
but yeah that is really really milky so
if you like really milky chocolates or
even Milky Way they taste really good
thumbs up two to go and one is a pop Oh
pop Oh Osmo hop oh this is from an idea
TR I don't even know where TR it turkey
maybe might be Turkish so let's open it
ha ha if a little pirate song that's
cute little pirate characters it's like
a little puppy biscuit with chocolate
inside which sounds a little bit weird
but it's kind of like a biscuit inside
out so they're good - thumbs up for the
pirates and thumbs up further the milky
thing very nice and the final item is
this I was gonna go and say its name but
I lift you don't know what to say it is
I think it some other polish one no it's
actually USA but it's yeah it's USA okay
sorry guys if you realized I mean odd
you open it this way
let's see no okay I'm in so these are in
English so I know where they are they
are raspberry jaffa cakes yeah let's try
this yeah those are good hot like jaffa
cakes which normy have orange jim these
are as brief i like raspberry I like
jaffa cakes those are good the Americans
know how to make food definitely
that is a perfect way to end the videos
so that is it that is what it in a munch
pack tasting foods from around the world
not just candy but other stuff like
crisps and fried bread so thank you much
PAC for sending me that box and also if
you want to check out lunch pack and try
one of these challenge every single
month then go into the scription below
and check them out and i i'm going to
take my a very a standard milky way and
get out of here so thank you so much
what you guys to be did enjoy please
leave a big fat thumbs up that'd be
awesome and subscribe if you happen to
enjoy the video as well and thank you so
much for 700,000 subscribers on this
channel that's amazing I'm graduating
the videos as much as I am making them
so again thank you so much watching and
I will see you all next time good
