hello guys how you doing it's been a
while on this channel hasn't it well
it's been at least a week I try and do
at least one video a week on this
channel but that wasn't this week
because been preparing for this very day
which is a little trip so we're going
away we're going to beside the city
which is going to be cool we're gonna go
to the seaside for about three days
we're gonna go up today for tomorrow and
the day after result it should be fun so
I thought I'd bring you guys with me as
well we're gonna take this little one
right here also gonna take on Ellie and
of course know what's coming but it
should be really really fun I cannot
wait so we're gonna go by the sea it's
starting to rain which isn't good it's
not a good sign but if it rains what
we're traveling that's fine got about
two and a half hour trip in the car not
sure how the the girls are gonna feel
about that but hopefully they enjoy
anyway so yeah we've just gotta finish
up here and then pack the car and then
go so hopefully next time my flock will
be beside the sea I'll see you there
maybe guys I don't know if you can hear
me right now it is quite windy but we're
going to introduce the pugs to the see
well he's seen the sea before but Darcy
hasn't so this might be interested in it
looks like Darcy is ready to go it's
kind of like foggy and stuff as well the
Seas really loud so let's see folks what
do you think it's to see any what'd you
think of the scene look over this way at
least I know didn't know they don't like
it I think it's the noise don't like the
sea we bought you all this way you don't
have to see
you're punks proponents they love the
sand though absolutely love this and
look how it's like really really foggy
it's so weird
well so weird yeah because we just kind
of go in a super dark
we took the dog for a walk on the beach
and then slept super tired because of
our walk so so what we're going to do is
just like explore today my go to another
town they do love to Beach sandy sandy
bose
got any wood
are you doing
yes you see we need for the first time
sandy face guys so you can eat in the
Sun cool things you can do in sand Eddie
you could have made a sign cross but no
you eat instead hey so we decided
because there was nothing open where we
were before it's come to Yarmouth which
you can see right here we've got the
beach there's real foggy still but
everything's closed here as well so
we're not really sure what we're gonna
do I don't think we need to grab some
food definitely if you know Yama you
know where we are because we need a
pirate gulf which is just there
nothing's open like nothing but the
girls are enjoying it and as the main
thing I guess so I guess we'll see you
in a bit after here I don't really know
what we're gonna be doing there we go
Pyrrha go this guy so in the end we
ended up going to Greg's the whole place
is because you can't find anywhere it
was open so we went to Greg's and just
like ate it on a on a bench so we just
came back now because we're gonna go and
see a pug friend in like an hour and a
beer we should be good so we came back
so the Bellas can have a bit of a rest
because super tired on you they've been
walking for ages we actually walked up
like Yarmouth High Street and then back
after we got our Greg's and then came
back to the car which is actually quite
a long walk with living water and parks
like all the way down the bottom which
was it was quite a fun and really walk
that Park for and now I will chilling
with the jam donor and a team but while
we're doing this I thought I would give
you a quick tour of where we're staying
because it's quite cool i misstating
like a little cottage thing I
sounds like four bedrooms which will
you'll see in a minute but it's really
cool so I'll show you so first let's
start with de Garden which we're not
using too much apart from the girls of
course it's a little bench over there
it's actually quite cool let me see if I
can there we go that's better
not too shabby at all and also we'll
move on to the kitchen so there's a door
from there into the garden as the door
in there but you'll get to there a
second we've got a sink over here it in
this little strange I don't know a
little archway thing then we've got all
this stuff around here which looks
really cool kettle of course which we've
used multiple times but it's really cool
it's like a it's it's quite new because
it's got like new building elements they
feed the lights and stuff but it looks
kind of old-school at the same time
there's this bit over here with the
hanging pots and this kind of fridge
it's really old-school fridge which is
awesome that's the time right now I
think that's it for the kitchen where
should we go let's go through into the
dining room such a big old table and
it's the living room as well hello hello
and the pugs are sleeping Eddy looks
like a loaf of bread from here and then
there's the daughter's room at just now
it goes into the garden it's a nice
double door which is cool yeah it's
quite a big space in here
and now we're going to move on to the oh
no way we've got through to do more of
the first floor and then we'll go
upstairs go through all these strange
birds as well statues of birds and I'm
not really sure why there's a little but
what was it miss cupboards slots never
gonna find out do you come from here and
sorry you have to stay there this is
where the front door is then we've got
like one bar room in here which has a
bath and a toilet
Anna and a mirror and then you come like
from this door to this door and you've
got another one but it's got a shower
instead so that's kind of cool I guess
two people can use at the same time and
then you walk up these stairs and then
there's two more sets of stairs as I
think about see this there's one here
and then one that leads up to here so
this is where we're sleeping at a moment
there's also where it's really dark in
here did that yep look look at that cool
light as well good as I could actual
star there
cool right in it's so dark in here why
we turn this on that really didn't help
that much shot so ever it's like to be
high of light but I'm we've got our
bedroom cool cool cool cool very comfy
bed by the way very comfy there's also a
toilet in here and then there's one
bedroom that's better that's nice and
light a bedroom with like two single
beds you actually quite big actually
isn't it looks really cool is Horst is
really random I quite like the
decoration in here very nice and then
where do we go - let me go across throw
down some stairs and then up some stairs
and then you've got literally the same
on the other side you've got this
bedroom here it's like a double bed
which looks very very nice I like this
mirror by the way look here might move
something from like Harry Potter maybe
it's magical no maybe not a little TV on
there and finally we've got another
bedroom with two beds in which is
slightly smaller than you can see the
garden from here there's actually really
nice now give you a shot of it outside
later because it's got like a thatched
roof and it's really old school destroy
and stuff but for now we're gonna go and
eat your doughnut drink a tea check out
a little bit and then we're gonna go to
another beach so the third Beach so far
because the beach that we just went to
was a little bit different to the one
and that was like same beach just
further down we're gonna go to a
different place which we haven't been
before we're going to get the pods to go
to a mini Polk meetup to me what I put
friends so that should be cool and
that's probably what are you gonna see
it's next it's real and that's
to see you like the harbor nerd the
weird old boat so hopefully see some
footage of Loki no settled it will beat
him
yeah
it
you guys have fun yeah
so guys we're now back from chilling at
the beach the third beach in like two
days which has been fun because we never
go to the beach because we live like in
the middle of the country so we don't
live near a beach at all so it's like
hey just get there but we've been to
three Demeter's which is pretty good
with the punks as well and we were too
late to get dinner like in here so we
had to spend ages trying to find a
delivery place that was delivered to
Hicks we're literally staying in the
middle of nowhere so we're near the
seaside so where do we order that's
right fish and chips no we didn't
actually we really really wanted fish
and chips which is the classic if you
add the British seaside but instead
we've got the chips but we instead ended
up with Chinese which was very very nice
indeed so we now have thought up on that
the boughs are extremely tired look did
you have a good time with Loki and you
were chasing around the beaches you guys
are so sleepy oh my goodness these guys
have had a really really good time so I
think they're gonna sleep for the rest
of the night and I don't know what we're
gonna do for the rest of the night it's
currently 28 up to 25 past 9 so we've
probably we going bed soon because we
leave tomorrow I think we're gonna leave
in the morning because we were gonna go
somewhere else well we did that today we
went to Yarmouth today instead I've been
to the other place as well we've done
everything that we're supposed to do so
we're just gonna chill out drink tea and
just calmly sleep so I'll probably see
you guys tomorrow but if not then
they'll be another clip in a second
and we're home so there you go I hope
that you enjoyed coming along on our
little holiday with us we kind of just
chilled out for most of the holiday a
pop from taking the puck to the beach
and take the puck to the beach taking
the pugs to somewhere else
it's me a pug friend and that's pretty
much it so it's just like a chilling out
holiday rather than just like doing our
normal thing so it's kind of different
and I hope you enjoyed coming with us as
well so now just gonna chill out because
of course pugs are tired right here wait
it so I hope you enjoyed this if you did
enjoy then please do leave a big fat
thumbs up that would be awesome if you
did enjoy of course and sorry that
wasn't a video last week but on this
channel you'll at least get one video a
week which I think it's a fair deal
seeing as you get two videos on the
other channel you lucky lucky people
thanks for the support on this channel
as well it's just going up and up which
is awesome so I thought I'd take you
along a little holiday with me as well
so again do you know like if you enjoy
and I will see you guys in the next
video
