everyone danya and welcome to another
video where today we're doing AQ & A
because we haven't done one in a while
and I also you'd send your questions in
via twitter using the hashtag ask TDM
and i'm gonna select a few of them
announce a few more right now hopefully
you understand what that meant so the
first question is from Wilson at Zoo 3
when will you start continuing daily
vlogs on this channel and the answer to
that is I'm not going to so basically I
am a gaming youtuber on my other channel
and I don't do anything that interesting
every single day to be able to vlog
every single day so I'm kind of moving
over to sit down vlogs just like this
and I've also got some amazing and
challenge video ideas as well which I
cannot wait to show you and you seem to
be enjoying them like the shaving my
beard video was hilarious I'll do a
little stuff like that like little skits
little challenges and hopefully you
enjoy them just as much that's Jamie guy
asks would you like a free donuts yes
please vo Tom one asks are you going to
make a setup video showing you how you
record and all your equipment and all
that cool stuff and the answer is yes
hopefully even this week or next week
I'm gonna have my office of bully kids
that I'm fully ready and I will make a
setup slash office tour video where I
show you all my stuff my computer specs
monitors absolutely everything what I
used to record on this channel and the
other channel as well so that should be
awesome hopefully it won't be too long
haha
ever albergue asks do you have any
pictures of you when you were younger
and yes I do you're about to see are you
ready this is literally like one of the
only ones I have to hand right now 3 2 1
there you go
beautiful right beautiful enjoy I'm
probably gonna enjoy lots of Twitter
posts about that now great super goats
ate me
what a username oh my goodness have you
ever played FIFA yes and it's it's quite
interesting that you ask that because
there's gonna be a video coming up very
very soon where I play against a pro
FIFA player and it's gonna be awesome
you'll see how I do when when the video
comes up I'll let you know when it does
it should be awesome I got this literary
all the time this next question but it
is a Linus head ID I don't even know
Linus asks um how old are you I am 23
you probably would think I'm 12 right
now by how much you 23 and thinking
about that whenever I answer the door
like into someone who just like randomly
knocks on the door you were selling
something or someone I've even like
ordered something from and I come to the
door and they say they say this are your
parents home and he's just like duh do I
really look that young that my parents
should be home looking after me oh oh
this is that you're a really good one so
that's buskers I think that's how it's
pronounced says is there going to be a
meet-up in florida for your fans in
america that is actually a really good
question because for those of you that
haven't seen like disney video or
something else where i've mentioned it i
will be going to disney world in mace
like the middle of May I will be going
to Disney World in Florida and I am
planning to do a proper Meetup I'm not
hundred percent sure where it's gonna be
yet
alright it will definitely be an Orlando
of course because that's where I'm going
to be but I'll put more info on this
channel and the other channel out on
Twitter and Facebook and all that kind
of stuff where your American fans can
meet me because I haven't been there in
a while I think the last time with
Minecon and that was like two years ago
so I'm gonna be in America in the middle
of May which is why it's not even that
long away so stay tuned and hopefully
I'll be able to meet some of you guys
when I'm there next question is who is
your favorite superhero
nice choice of the alien note wait
that's the skull emoji a bit creepy but
my favorite superhero is spider-man
I absolutely love spider-man I've got
even explain why because I hate spiders
in real life but it's being able to like
shoot webs and swing around the city
would be something that I want to do and
I stick to walls and ceilings and that
cool stuff that'd be awesome wouldn't it
ok so San asks do you like unicorns yeah
unicorns alright and then and then Emma
asked Pegasus or unicorn and you guys
literally tweet they say exactly the
same time as well it's a little bit
weird but Pegasus or unicorn Pegasus
don't have like the horn do they they
just have wings and stuff and they can
fly that's a very tough question Pegasus
unicorn I'm gonna have to say Pegasus
simply because it can fly if it couldn't
fly that'll be unicorns all the way but
Oh Gavin says are you going to grow your
beard back I kind of like leave it for a
mr. right now you're seeing a fresh a
baby chin right now this is freshly
shaved ready to go and this ideally
would be how I'd like to keep here I
tried out the beard and it was alright I
enjoyed the beard for a little bit but
now it's gone I want to stay bold for a
little bit but it's kind of like let it
grow for a few days and then shave off
and that kind of stuff I don't know why
I am going so deep into it how am I
going to regrow my beard back no
minecraft mommy asks do you think you're
a bad influence asking this
when kids should be in school I didn't
think about that they're onto me
there aren't to me guys we must stop
this right now Tasha asks are you a
directioner no no I'm not
okay last question unfortunately by will
do more of these because there's so many
questions on here I didn't realize that
be so many but the final question is
well it's kind of two the first one is
why is your favorite movie and my
favorite movie by far loads of you
should know this already it's The
Incredibles and why do you love cream
eggs so much so for those of you that
don't know I have an obsession with
cream eggs and I don't need do they do
cream eggs in America they must do
surely or anywhere else in the world
they must do because they're so good and
I'm just going to explain the many ways
basically there are chocolate egg we've
like goo in the middle they are so good
and I've run out at the minute so I'm
not very happy and there we go that has
been the first ask Atheneum on this
channel thank you so much watching and
if you would like to see me do another
Q&A then please you leave a big fat
thumbs up that would be awesome there'll
be a new video coming in this weekend
I'm not sure it's gonna be yet we'll
have many many ideas so yeah thank you
so much George and guys if you did enjoy
please lirikfat thumbs up and also if
this happens to be the first video see
by me then please do consider
subscribing as well and I will see you
guys in the next video
