hey everyone down here and welcome to
another video where today we're gonna be
testing how well I know myself yep it
sounds a little bit weird but the way
we're gonna test this is by doing some
fan-made quizzes I've found an absolute
ton of them so first off thank you for
making them that is awesome so let's get
straight to them oh look there's one in
the top new users let's do this one take
a test about the awesome YouTube channel
the diamond minecart yes right there
what his channel the dinamarca I think I
know that one that one we're starting
off very very easy here well the names
of his two dogs in real life after this
one is quite recent I see so you can
play along with me I guess and test your
knowledge as well running why the name
of his two dogs they are Ellie and Darcy
and they spelled Darcy correctly as well
a lot of people spell it with a why does
he play gmod yes yes I do it's been a
while though it's been a while but yeah
we're gonna we're gonna play that again
soon he hates Minecraft minigames true
or false false
it's definitely false does he have a
girlfriend yes no he is single and no he
has a wife the third one is correct I
think I'm doing pretty well here this
isn't too bad why is this minecraft dog
in name it is grim of course it is what
breed of dog does he own in real life
pugs perks I own pugs yes I do
what's his channel based around it is
minecraft I'm happy passed to a million
yes
no this channel yes but we have on the
main one check out my channel oh I don't
know which one this is gonna be uh I
guess this one submits please say I got
it writes what did I get
yes 100% I do know myself well right
then second quiz okay here we go second
quiz what is the domain cards real name
what is my name my name is not Tom it's
not unknown as the um it's not I don't
know it's it's an if that is not David
definitely not Dave where is the diamond
minecart live oh okay they don't know
exactly that worried me a little bit
I live in the UK what is it I minecraft
PC gamer tag it is down at TDM the
dollar market has a dog cat has the fish
lizard I don't know I don't watch his
vlogs um hopefully none of you press the
last one but I have a dog and she have
two dogs now it depends when this quiz
was made obviously right there
Xbox a gamer tag is real dantdm because
someone someone stole my original name
who was it huh who was he
how many subsystems diamond minecart
have ah this is tricky
hopefully they didn't make it when it
was a thousand not I don't know oh this
is tricky because I think it even the
top one or this one I don't know I'm
gonna do three point eight nine six oh
three nine I'm gonna do that
what's his minecraft dog name it is grim
how does a diamond minecart has him MC
dog hmm hmm
no one knows and no one knows I'm gonna
but I don't know because no one knows
okay up next as a picture of destiny
does he play this game uh I don't know
this could be either this could be no or
I don't know let's put no I'm guessing
they mean make videos I'm not sure right
is he married yes yes I am
if yes what is her name it is Jemma
submits come on I got what's it it
doesn't say what does it say wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait did I not get a
hundred percent on that because look
percent correct 82 percent 11 percent
scored higher than me ah I got something
wrong I don't know if I can see my
results though oh no right I'm gonna do
one of Dan to get the epic dantdm quiz
this is gonna be epic right which
character is fake or like this sir Cara
Denton Grimm or Bauer man
do you know what it is doing is its
flower man of course in his xbox series
how did he get emeralds he mined them he
traded them he cheated how dare you he
does not have emeralds I traded them
with a villager because that's the that
was the only way to get them at the time
I think I think anyway alright was its
first mod oh this is an interesting one
I hundred percent know this it was the
shell pods there we go that the most
interesting mod in the world I think
what what mod is not in the diamond
dimensions the thirst mod lion-king
waypoints are underground biomes I it's
the thirst mod I think right in which
map has been released villager
adventures map that sounds like a cool
map I haven't made that one it is this
one cuz that's the only map I have ever
released in my life what is dad's
favorite color red or blue diamond or
purple now it's gonna be my favorite
color is blue this is pathetic but
that's the answer I don't know why I'm
thinking about that but which block is
done done Kawai toilet athletic test my
favorite youtubers or speed arts I kind
of did a speed art thing was blindfolded
but it's the corner
oh yes which one is Dan famous for
forgetting a lot of things remembering
everything making scary maps or being
awesome a parkour now do people really
know me for forgetting all the things
because that is literally one of my
worst traits I that is true I'm afraid
that is true what does don't have lots
of in the diamond dimensions I have a
lot of diamonds in the whole series
anyway the original and I had so many
diamonds it was ridiculous so what was
the first horror map he did after he got
2 million subscribers it was the first
what is the orphanage that was the
scariest one in the world what did that
make to celebrate getting 2 million
subscribers I made 800 funny montage
your funny moments
montage ya montage no moments cuz it was
funny moments of previous videos yeah
what do parodies did dad do oh oh I see
I did these ones and that's all I'm
gonna say
what youtuber dick dab you the dead
prism map wave that was thanks Co good
old James of what youtuber has had a
special appearance by dan-o that's
technically - oh there we go
amb I think yeah I think I did what are
the game is Dan played batini and plays
I don't played oh I played edition
but that might be this might have come
out before POC edition plants vs.
zombies which pet has done not hard in
Minecraft ah pig cow cat dog oh I am
struggling with this one in any series
cow it's got to be a cow because we have
a cat an Xbox dog is grim and pig or I
had a I swear I had a pet pig at one
point Terrence Terrence how could I
forget Terrence
which pets in the Bible dimensions Oh
cause baek-mae or a completely thought
about Baconator as well such a legend
what series is this quote from let's
make all these into sticks wait that was
almost a bad move I do remember saying
that it's got to be oh man it's the dial
of internal Xbox I'm gonna go dive in
dimensions which series is fake YouTube
statues minecraft Oasis told you there's
no TDM plays modest showcases minecraft
Oasis how many levels did grim the pig
need to be repaired in diamond
dimensions this is so difficult
Wow 33 I'm gonna go for 33 what did Dan
need from the nether in xbox episode 4
nether deaths
I needed blaze rods I believe did I oh
no place was I think I was trying to go
to the end I think anyway oh no oh this
is tough
what was the name of Dan's glitch
daughter in the dimensions it whoa
daughter Lexi yeah yeah it was Lexi
Alexa was it Alexis I don't know it
let's just put that what are the two
most annoying mobs in the diamond
dimensions those bird things I remember
those bird things and creepers of course
because remember one blew up my house
which was ridiculous what does the
family element doing the time when I
mention it whispers or used to whisper
anyway don't dantdm like cheesecake no
or no way no way let's do no way what is
the name of one of his boats in Xbox
it's the SS Corps why what did that do
it to his candy machine after he used in
what I kept it I might have broken
though I should have donated it to
someone shouldn't I where do mobs often
end up in his Xbox world mob oh oh I
don't know I think it's under the potato
Wow oh this person has a terrible idea
of what I do anyway I think it's under a
bridge because they usually do write em
this was a 28 question quiz have I done
it's how I scored 93%
look at this of the 5,280 people that
are taking this test I scored the
highest that's a little bit better I
really want to know what I got wrong
though that's a lot of people to take
one test Wow today go guys
that is how well I know myself and it
turns out I don't know myself as well as
I thought I did you guys know a lot more
about me and the channel than I do which
is crazy so I might do some more of
these quizzes maybe on other subjects
and if you would like to see that then
please leave a giant thumbs up that
would be awesome and also this happens
to be the first video see my Mina please
do subscribe join team TD and today on
this channel and there will be lots more
where this came from
so again thank you for watching and I
will see you next time good
