pairen down here and welcome to another
video Wednesday I've got a very special
package and as you can see as my face
goes slightly out of shore it's a
Japanese package whoop so jam is very
kindly organized this very special
Japanese mystery package I have no idea
what is inside here so let's start
opening this so I'm actually very very
excited here we go the first item is oh
it looks like it's a whole load of food
a whole lot of Japanese food which means
I'm gonna have to eat it and it's
worrying well let's put the Box down
here and select the first thing which is
this and the best thing about this is I
have no idea what's inside it even by
looking at the packaging I mean what is
this it's like bright green it has
drinks on it let's open it oh ah okay
let me just try and grab this oh oh oh
it came up on my hand it's like candy
floss only smells like lime or melons
what is this do I eat it just like this
let me grab a bit and see what happens
oh I'm good
it's definitely can applause oh it's
sour
it's so sour it's nice though it's
actually really really nice I don't like
the feel of candy floss though but it's
pretty nice it's melon flavored
definitely it tastes good that's a good
start
yeah things are all sticky now by their
next we have this fellow look at him now
I know on the back it says Cola with if
I says super sour as well oh no here we
go the great reveal it's okay that makes
sense that's what they felt like so
they're like really tiny little gem
things and it's a super sour Cola with
this very aggressive man on it so that's
that's eat 100 sour oh man this is one
it's like bit big dude so sour
yeah nice though they are nice by don't
know if I could aim the i50 little
sweeter in here okay next up is kind of
familiar brands this one is this so look
everyone knows that Brown it's a KitKat
but it also has a little polar bear on
it which worries me this better not be
some kind of polar bear or that seal
I think it's a seal it only make like
seal flavored KitKat mmm let's try it oh
oh it's it's a white KitKat whoa it's
gonna all blue speckles in it as well as
a triad that's good that's good I could
eat that all day
hmm
it's right why KitKat that's pretty much
all it is no seal flavor whatsoever
which is which is a good result
next oh we have this which looks amazing
and that is why look at this little guy
right here you look so happy so I'm
guessing this is gonna be some kind of
sweet that has jelly watery stuff inside
anyone waits fine now aha shiny silver
sweets what do you have beneath your
shiny wrapper ha here we go oh yeah
there's the worried bit well boys with
the Japanese and the sourness those are
good the Japanese know house-made candy
oh man so now that just what did this
wow it's it's a poo but you you can't
see what I'm seeing
look at that it's a boo shaped sweets
and it's got a little face on it I don't
know if you can see it but Wow I don't
know how to open this oh here we go
it's opening its opening that means I
have to eat it it looks like a oh it's
it's really jellified man um let's try
and get this out yeah I can't even get
it out the pack here it's like super
strength jelly oh here we go here we go
that's peed out I don't want a break
here I'd want a break at all
Oh dudes what is even going on here it's
a push a sweet gummy it's got a little
smiley face on it let's eat it
so it doesn't change the way it looks
which is a good start it's called uh yes
I'm so happy that it's Cola and not some
other flavor well that was a pleasant
surprise
now I can say that I've eaten up who
shaped sweet it's probably not something
I want to say out loud to be honest
okay now we're shaking it up a little
bit we have got a drink
wow this is amazing we've got to hold
two drinks and the glass so I need to be
very careful we got a banana one and a
peach one now I've eaten a lot of pink
colored things already so I'm gonna go
over to this drink right here
which is banana now I don't like banana
flavored stuff at all this is probably
that the bananas look happy but I don't
think I'm gonna be I have no idea how
I'm supposed to open this oh it's like
this is complex oh oh oh I broke it but
that's exactly what you're supposed to
do so you've got this hey Johnny you
don't even open it normally so I need to
turn this little thing inside out poke
it through like that
and then I broke it and it's got like
the middle kind of ball bearing thing in
the top so now hate to to push this it's
difficult how strongly you in Japan oh
my goodness look it's it's left a red
mark on me how and now it's busy
do you see the bubble is that actually
fist it's like a bubble drink how do we
drink you now
you know what that's not too bad
I bought this was gonna be the worst one
I've seen so far but it's not look how
happy the bananas are yeah is second can
you see that there's like I don't even
know what that is it's like a circle
plastic thing inside this in what what
are you doing in there okay next we have
this right here some happy looking ice
cream things yes look like this they
have like bears on they have pumpkins
they've got ice cream cones let's crack
this open oh they come in like packets
what is this packet contain huh it
contains oh they're tiny look how small
they are that this one is a pumpkin oh
it's right it is a good as well
I suspect needs to be so funky and where
but there are they taste so good
Wow they taste so good they're like
really really nice chocolate and then
this is kind of like the middle of a
malteaser I love that
oh man I'm as happy as the bear on this
packet okay so next we have two things
we're getting near the end now but we
have two things I have heard of these
are puppies now this one is a milk one
it's got a happy cow on it of course and
this one this one's got a bit of English
on it this one says almond crush so the
guessing has gone nuts in here got a
nice little cup of tea in about ground
it up hmm let me just say that I love
the packaging of Japanese products we
definitely need more of this in the UK
look the happy that cup happy the cow is
if everything that was packaged like
this so happy so light-hearted I would
want to buy everything but no the UK is
super sensible okay let's open this hmm
I think I know I tried Pocky as before I
think there's a UK version of them but
let's go for these milk ones remember
the happy cow think happy thoughts as I
open this pocket out punch myself in the
face ah oh I have two access to one
right there duh
oh it's like a breadstick with chalk
Loni here we go ah it's just like I
don't know what's been berry - it's
white chocolate which I love by the way
it tastes so good and then like a little
bread sticky thing he's so good I really
thought I wouldn't like any of this I'd
go to Japan buy all that candy and just
eat it tastes so good so the milk flavor
are a hits let's put that back now for
the almond one
well these rooms are a bit bigger whoa
look at that it's really not that
appealing whatsoever reminds me of
something I've eaten earlier in this
video
but that's why I'm also surprised by
this one
go oh very Nazi ah that Britney tons of
nuts in this oh yeah I love my nuts but
there's this is literally all made out
of there
I've it all Bing boom it's actually you
know it's really strong if out of all
the things I've tried this is my least
favorite but is not too bad I guess
and finally we have more kick ass so we
have Detroit this one this one's got a
polar bear on it I don't know if this
one is different
we've also got a couple of green ones
that have leaves on it I don't know if I
want to try those and two red ones with
letters on that's all that it has that
thumbs up let's try the thumbs up ones
here we go they're so tiny like how much
would you even charge for a tiny one
like this in the UK though I'd um oh
it's red it's red
oh it's strawberry a strawberry cake at
No Way look at that it's a strawberry
red KitKat oh my goodness I'm not
usually a fan of strawberry fingers to
be honest I like strawberries most
strawberry flavored things
singamalai bananas I love bananas and
not Bernard on the flavored things
anyway let's put this anyone huh oh no
no no no I'm not sure about that it's
not the worst but it's really really
strong and the kick-out in the middle if
it was by itself about the middle bit
the middle it's kind of soggy that's
probably on par with the the almond
thing I just saved because I don't run
though really a fan of strawberry
flavored things maybe it's just me so we
go finally we've got the green one with
leaves on it now I really hope that this
KitKat is green is it green is it going
it's green it's so green it's actually a
green KitKat no way now I can't tell
I can't smell anything like with the
strawberry one it just blasted me a
strawberry Ness in my face but let's put
this one in hole I'm gonna guess that
it's mint but if this is Japan's you
never know here we go what is it I can't
even tell what flavor that is huh ah
it's not mint it tastes like grass I've
not even lied to you I know it's inside
grass what is that what is it do this on
the back sometimes they have like green
green but green on the brain sometimes
have English on the back this one's not
giving me any clues the only clue are
the little flower of the grass things I
know that's definitely the worst one
save the worst to last I literally felt
like I was eating a handful of grass the
lesson has been learned never eat
anything green I guess mind you though
this was pretty good and this was green
this is one of my favorites actually but
there you go there is my small
collection of Japanese candy and drink
and whatever else was here so I hope you
enjoyed this video and if you did please
leave a big fat thumbs up that would be
awesome
and I will do more Japan does really
really good candy that's what I've
learned from doing this video so nice so
yeah if you did enjoy be anemic fat
thumbs up Barbie awesome thank you Jim
for putting together this mystery
Japanese box and if you like to see some
more videos by me then please do make
sure you subscribe and join team TDM for
more videos on this channel again thank
you for watching and I will see you all
next time yeah green kick outs of all
the things Green kick at
