come on down here and welcome back to my
kitchen where today I thought we'd do
some baking but don't worry it's not
going to be your your normal kind of
baking this is my kind of baking because
we found and bought these brownies that
you can make in under one minute but
inside a mug so I guess it is kind of
like a hot chocolate but you can
actually make a brownie and then eat it
if this is nothing like this I'm gonna
be severely disappointed so all we need
to do is get to one tablespoon of butter
30 milliliters of water a small mug and
the option of vanilla ice cream which
unfortunately I don't have hopefully by
the end of this I will have a mug full
of brownie to eat so let's see if this
works
so one thing I don't actually have is
it's a mug which is literally what if I
already ingredients I needed G which
month to choose though going adventure
time and mugs no fail bugs I guess we
should crack this box open and this is
my kind of recipe they literally come in
old tubs how cool is that a little tubs
of brownie stuff haha and guys the
instructions only have four steps let's
do this okay first we are going to need
a spoon and some butter beautiful next
we need to put the butter in the mud
let's choose this mug of course and we
need a whole tablespoon I think so is
this just literally just scooping it
yeah look at that so bad let's put it in
here
ha ha ha touchy harder than you think to
get the stuff off there we go beautiful
I need to warm this in the microwave for
about 20 seconds let's hope that this
works this is like the easiest step we
go 20 seconds and then you watch it go
go it's done let's check did it work
did it work oh yeah we have the melted
butter well now we just add one pot of
this brown mix oh this is gonna be more
difficult than I thought yes there we go
look at that and then we just add this
whole thing into here nice cool little
chocolate bits in look yes in there like
a hot chocolate so now we just need two
spoonfuls of water ah what now but
that looks oh no it's not good but now
we have to stir it this is my kind of
baking oh my goodness no mess just one
mug
it's actually looking pretty good about
you turn into a brownie mix no way the
pugs have arrived they've heard about
the food and now this goes back into the
microwave for 60 seconds
and we'll see how it looks when it comes
out if this is a success and I need to
see what else you can make in a mug in
one minute he's gonna work no hope so
and it's done
I don't think you can really see that
but its words I popped it and it's
spongy it's just not really in the mug
that much because it's right down at the
bottom but now the instructions say to
wait five minutes five minutes hmm
at least try it oh but it's kind of hard
but you know what that is really really
good
whoa my za za guys I am severely
surprised I thought this was gonna be
really really bad which is why I filmed
it but now it's really good so I don't
know what to think
there you go you can actually make
brownies in a mug in just like two
minutes that's crazy
I've now found my new favorite thing hmm
so if you like me and you don't bake but
you would love to but you don't want to
wash up be done i mixed up what you'd
like to mixed up just a lil bit just so
you can lick the spoon definitely check
these out these are awesome at that's
really pretty much it for this video
thank you start watching guys if you did
enjoy please little big bat thumbs up
and I will do more also this happens to
be the first video so you might be there
please do consider subscribing I don't
always make food I promise but yeah
thank you for joining me on this amazing
cooking experience and I will see you
guys next time
why
oh you have to use a spoon
