morning guys it's early but it looks
beautiful outside it looks super
Christmasy and the the sky is like a
really nice pink color you can't quite
see on this camera but it's so nice and
I've already taken the box out and it's
so so cold but at the minute my nose
feels like it's twice the size I don't
know if I'm catching a cold I really
hope I'm not because I've got a busy
month this month and I'm yeah I don't
want to get a cold as I mentioned in
yesterday's vlog today we're heading off
to the I was gonna say dentist we're
going off to the vets to take Ellie for
a check-up on our leg so time for a
frosty probably busy morning drive
so after the most brutal two-hour
journey in Russia which was only
supposed to take about 50 minutes Elly
is back at the vets we are back at home
I started making videos because
basically they don't know what's wrong
it could be one of two things it could
be an infection which they don't think
it is but it could be or she's just
pulled a muscle which would be the
best-case scenario obviously best case
nothing would have happened but she's
done something so you got to leave her
at the vets again for some x-rays just
so they can literally see what's going
on in there if they can't see anything
wrong then she pulled a muscle and she
can come home today if not then we'll
find out soon I'm sure
three literally drove home from the vets
after spending about 30 minutes there
and I've got a Starbucks on the way home
which was awesome
then I filmed a Tomodachi life video I
edited it I've just finished rendering
it and while that was rendering I edited
the blog that you guys would have seen
yesterday but was uploaded today
for me and now I need to make a second
video for the day and tomorrow as I've
mentioned you guys before I'm getting
some more done on my tattoo and get a
new tattoo which is going to start at 10
a.m. and I don't know when it's gonna
finish because they can take well each
session on this arm there's been about
five hours which is a whole day for me
so I need to get videos done for
tomorrow then Wednesday I've got some
like mini filming thing to do then out
for dinner and then Thursday and Friday
I need to get ready for insomnia which
is on Saturday and Sunday so busy help
me help so many videos so so many videos
but I think I'll be fine I think I think
I'll be fine
it but then hopefully after this week is
over I have some time to between then
and Christmas to literally just hang out
with my family my pugs and just chill
out obviously make videos at the same
time but not have all this extra stuff
to prepare for because I literally have
like zero time right now which is crazy
if I do kind of enjoy at the same time
so I can't really complain but today I'm
afraid it's gonna be another kind of
boring day but that is because we're
just literally sitting around waiting
for a call from the best find out
whether we're gonna be able to pick
Ellie up today or not obviously you guys
will find out at the same time we do and
I guess I should just make as many
videos as possible so I thought today
would be a good
maybe introduce you to our new little
pug and called Peggy so I'm gonna get to
do some more videos I'll let you know
how Ellie gets one the best one we know
and then I'll introduce you to our new
dog how does that sound good get make
some videos also this is craziness
this right here is Sunday for my second
channel the one you're watching videos
on right now 15600 and for subscribers
in a day that's crazy but thank you guys
I'm glad you're enjoying the vlog so
much I'm having tons of fun filming them
right speaking of building its gaming
time guys I haven't finished recording
yet but I've just seen look another
incredible sunset look at that that
looks like something from the Lion King
that is so so coy love that honestly one
of my favorite things about winter is
seeing amazing scenes like all the frost
this morning the Sun in the morning and
the Sun in the evening as well on clear
nights is just so beautiful
okay so just had the phone call for
Ellie and she had some x-rays and
apparently she has chipped off a tiny
little bit of bone and that is what's
causing her to limp because it's painful
I mean she could she fractured her bone
and it's just like this tiny little bit
of bone is kind of floating around and
causing her pain near the implants which
she had put in her kneecap so yeah
sounds pretty painful the good thing is
we can go and collect her but that means
we need to go literally and now so I am
currently just making a thumbnail for
today's vlog which you have seen
yesterday's hopefully would have gone up
in time but um I don't know about the
main channel the main channels got one
video up but I'm not sure about the
second one I might have to leave it for
today which is fine the pugs have to
come first
so yeah Eddie's coming home I guess I
should say what we're supposed to do
about it we're supposed to just give her
rest for four weeks he'll just heal by
itself so um yeah not exactly what we
were expecting a little bit annoying for
Ellie I guess she got being a little bit
of pain but I'm sure we have that
managed and um good result we just need
to go and get it out so we haven't left
yet but we're literally rushing around
the house trying to get things done so
we need to leave like right now because
traffic is going to be insane so I'm
getting these guys goes to the toilet
and then I wanted to show you this sky
again it just look at that
it looks so incredible again winters are
my favorite months and that is one of
the reasons why where's Peggy there she
is
will you go toilet please look ago that
you look so small but Angie barking jeez
are you so angry anyway we'd get going
like right now go girl
guys Ellie so Ellie are you doing Ellie
Ellie
how you doing Peggy oh she's doing good
so from all the painkillers and stuff
she's actually like really spaced out
she has no idea what's going on she's
just been sleeping since she go in but
check this out this right here is the
x-ray of Ellie's leg and they took and
the bit of bone that is broken is
literally there so if you see this I'm
the really really kind of like light
white bit is the metal that she had put
in and the broken bit it's really hard
to point out let me use my DF stylist
because my fingers too fat but the bit
the tiny bit of bone is right here above
this really bright white bit that's
poking out here just there when yd s is
touching that's a tiny bit of bone that
she's broken off so the plan is to keep
her rested or even more so for four
weeks and you'll notice she doesn't have
the cone on because she got her stitches
out as well she let her look at that but
she looks really really good yes
stitches are out drugs are working and
she is going to be knocked out until the
morning pretty much so I'm Ellie's doing
okay just means she needs to stay more
still which isn't that much of a problem
she hated the cone more than exercise so
she's doing okay which is good and I did
say to you guys that today would be the
day I introduce you to our brand new pug
so I'm gonna do that now so this right
here guys is Peggy the pug now I'm as
you guys know we have fostered a fair
few pugs and Peggy was a foster but she
was actually found as a stray dog so she
was found just wandering around a park
then she went into a kennel for seven
days because that's just the law before
you're able to rehome any dogs just in
case the original owners come along and
get her and then we went together as a
foster her and almost a year later she's
still here yes say hello pigs say hello
so I have mentioned before that she is
quite a poorly dog because she has a
condition called Siringo my elia which
sounds pretty crazy and it kind of is it
means her skull is too small for her
brain so a fluid
that's supposed to be in her skull kind
of pushes out onto her spine which is
why she walks weird and also she has
this foot right here which is extremely
bent so if you see out from the top you
can see that list leg right here is bent
off to the sides let me show you our
walking is so did you see that she walks
kind of like really wibbly-wobbly on her
back leg so her Siringo mar√≠lia arm
affects her back legs because all the
fluid is pushing on nerves in her spine
which she has had an operation for to
take the fluid off her spine it can't be
cured but it can be managed she has
medication and ice take pills three
times a day so we manage that which is
completely fine because she is so cute
and she fits in with our two girls
really really nicely
unfortunately because she was a stray we
don't know how old she is but I'm the
vets guest that she's about five or six
which is quite cool and here I guess
there's not too much else to tell you
about her apart from she is um she is
our third pug she will be staying with
us forever
what do you think about that huh do you
want to stay with us or you gonna go get
food from somewhere she doesn't really
know but also she's been to the vets
because I don't know if you've noticed
but she's got a shave bit on her
properly working leg yet she has a shave
bit on her lip cuz she's had x-rays as
well to try and fix her bent poor so
she's had a original operation then
she's also planning to have an operation
to fix her bent paw but that's more
complicated than they thought it was
gonna be so that won't happen till the
new year but um I'm sure I update you
guys on that son boy yeah that's Peggy
say hello say hello pigs she's so tired
right now so today it's been a very POG
field day indeed and I hope you enjoyed
it and I hope you've enjoyed meeting
Peggy as well um don't worry about it
illness she's completely fine it's just
some things you have to live with for
life but we can manage it so do not
worry and Ellie's going to be fine as
well she's just got a little bit of a
different recovery than we expected but
she's gonna be fine so I'm guys that's
pretty much content out this vlog if you
enjoyed it leave a big fat thumbs up
that'd be awesome and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
