everyone down here and welcome to
another video where today we're joined
by this beautiful zombie here because
we're gonna be doing the zombie
apocalypse a tag because yesterday I
watched the premiere of the second part
series 5 of The Walking Dead and man it
was intense if you're a fan of The
Walking Dead what did you think of the
episode so I inspired me to make this
video about the zombie apocalypse tag so
there's I think there's about 5
questions so let's get straight to it so
I've changed a couple of these questions
just to mix up a little bit the original
tag was made by Emma blackery I think
birth birth question which three beer
game characters would you ideally have
in your zombie apocalypse dream team
actually this could be really really
Opie we could have like Mega Man because
he has a flippin cannon Sonic the
Hedgehog because we roll up into a ball
and just run in the speed of light and
who else who else do we have
we could all down link links got a sword
that could destroy everything and you
can turn back time to before when the
zombie apocalypse
no oh so I'm gonna choose Megaman
because he has a cannon blaster and he's
like partially metal as well so if I bit
him on the cannon he wouldn't actually
turn into her into a zombie which is
awesome um who else
Charmander would be a good one because
he can just burn the zombies and zombies
are terrible against fire and yeah my
last one would probably be Sonic the
Hedgehog's because what he could do with
his super speed is not only just like
plow through the zombies by just
spinning or jumping on their head
he'll also like speed off get your
resources in speed back without the
zombies even knowing that he was there
so good question to the object
immediately to your left is your weapon
are you going to survive will object to
my my left this is actually a beanie hat
no this is this is not gonna be useful
at all why could do is is wrapped around
my hand and then zombies won't be able
to bite me is that something I could put
a rock in it and swing it oh we can
swing it around maybe yeah who knows
that can be a good weapon or I could
just like put over a zombie's head and
then run the opposite direction not the
best one question three if you're a
zombie which a video game character
would you like to bite now I've changed
it's a video game character because
wanting to buy a human and turn them
into a zombie is effectively killing
them which is very disturbing so I
thought I'd choose video game character
and I would choose flappy bird it has to
be flappy birds I know that's an old one
now kind of I guess but flappy but
imagine a zombie edition of flappy bird
that would be awesome but those lips
those lips which of all what would your
Survival Plan be this is awesome this is
a very very hard set of questions so
much survival plan I just made this
office so I'd stay in here get all the
pugs and Gemma up here and just chill
out we've got a kettle we've got team
we've got milk that's the first thing
I'm thinking of how to make a tea in
there zombie apocalypse
it's no good no good at all and my
office is like a butter garage as well
so that's actually a pretty good place
because zombies can only come in from
either side and then we can make runs to
the fridge to get food and if you run
out of food then I don't know what we're
gonna do that's a tough question we've
got to stick together
make sure the pub's don't get beer make
sure we don't get beer and find food
just the worst whatever what would you
do if your parents became zombies this
is another very dark question my
goodness I hope every one dude is done
this tag says that there be upset
because otherwise I don't know what's
wrong with you I guess you might not
like your parents but still I've already
end up being one of those people that
like keeps the zombies alive but then
like change them to a wall or something
so they're still kind of there but
they're zombies
I still want part of me kind of far
Zombies cool even if one was staring at
me I'd still think you're pretty cool
you grown a mess
another six do you want the zombie
apocalypse to happen what is this
question what I'm hoping everyone says
no it would be kind of cool do I
experience it maybe like Daisy the game
with with oculus rift and then actually
just like experiencing a whole zombie
apocalypse thing that'll be kind of cool
but not actually experiencing in real
life because I'm quite dopey so like if
I was just rummaging through something
I'd be the one that forgets to just
check behind me all the time and then
just get bit and die they'll be terrible
so I would be pretty bad in a zombie
apocalypse I think cuz I just like
sitting here on the computer so as soon
as the Internet's gone I have no idea I
can't Google a battle panic on Google
how to make weapons about Google
anything but a stay up here drink tea
that's pretty much it and there you go
that is pretty much the zombie
apocalypse and tag now if you want some
more zombie action and I know I know
secretly you do then head over to the
Skybound
youtube channel cuz I did a little
review and prediction for the rest of
the Walking Dead series of five the
premiere that I mentioned the beginning
this video was amazing and I give my
little verdict on what I thought of it
and what I think might happen as well so
definitely go and check that out either
in the scripting below or I'll leave the
sparkly annotation here and my tobe
sparkly bill definitely be here so let
me go check it out
no so if you did enjoy this video then
please give you a big fat thumbs up
that'd be greatly appreciated so thanks
a lot for watching guys now I see you
guys the next video
