yes look it snowed actually snowed so
this is like some of the snow the fell
last night but it's like a mixture of
the stuff that fell last night and
overnight because we had more didn't
really look bugs in the snow
she looks so epic so truly yellow as
well against the white snow you're not
white after all any but um hey guys how
you doing we got snow an apparently and
literally all of the UK got snow and
it's cool because we haven't had snow in
a long time and cuz we live like in the
middle of the UK it um it doesn't really
fall that much in land so it's looking
for and I can make snowballs
oh yeah it's be careful I just did this
with my left hand and I was gonna throw
it at the window over there let me see
if I can throw it on my left hand is
really bad at throwing to see my foot
ready huh that was terrible wasn't it my
left hand so bad anyhow you liking the
snow huh Darcy do you like the snow as
well it's kind of like snow but it's ice
as well isn't it
look at these ladies ha ha ha
you like it oh look what's this this
it's no no Holly look it's snowing on
you it's snowing are you ah oh that's
funny and he got snow on your back me
your best known you back and does he's
got a jumper on because I think I
mentioned it before she gets super super
cold but she's only on Oh Marlene oh my
wedding ring fell off to be what ice you
know why well I almost caught on me and
so cold but yeah Darcy has really
you even got a single coat where's Eddie
it's got a double coat now she's wet on
the back they they have a thing with
like eating the snow as well they start
eating it so they're just kind of like
put their faces in it and just lick it
that's what he's doing right now they're
just eating the snow so I cannae an ice
lolly this is cool they've never seen
snow before so this is Darcy and Elias
first time seeing snow because last year
we didn't get any didn't get any at all
this is their first time seeing it and I
think I liking it
Helle are you copying are you licking as
well it looks so good in the snow this
is awesome eating it and Ellie's licking
it as well
this is hilarious oh man now they want
the same bit of snow do you have to
fight over everything there's this whole
garden of snow and you fight over it you
guys are nuts guys I made a better
snowball look a better one let's see if
I can hit the house ready huh
alright disintegrated did you see that
Ellie it completely blew up um let's
grab some more my hand is freezing
ah that's so hi-c and get something my
foot
maybe though that's better Oh a big
beast need to squish it it's kind of
like ice so weird moved up so you can
eat the bits to pull off yeah let's see
we go I think gems in there should see
if we get a window see if we can do it
ready we just crunch it out three two
one ah I'm just terrible this and my
hand is so cold now so called look how
beautiful it looks looks so nice never
seen England that is pretty before it's
really really cool it's all melted off
the trees now though because we've had
the Sun out the whole day but I'm loving
it as you can tell looking like a whole
video about snow you guys in like the
coldest parts of America I don't know
wherever you watch the film it did
anyone watch them for my entire that'd
be pretty impressive but um yeah you
probably like we got snow all the time
even like it's like New York they get
snow all the time in the winter but we
don't get it that much so it's special
and we get to have pugs and you snow le
heli can we get your opinions on the
snow please what do you think
Darcy's loving it - Jude no I was gonna
say did you eat that whole patch she
just made that was where I got this the
snowball there's not enough to build a
snowman I'm afraid we can't build one of
those because there might be enough but
I don't want to pick it all up it's kind
of icy as I keep on saying it's kind of
I've got a crust of ice on top so it's
not that nice to pick up with your hands
is it ladies is it so they've got a tip
down with it they don't like it that
much
well Darcy doesn't like it on her feet
because it's real real cold running
girls are we gonna go now you're gonna
go inside and see if there's more snow
later the sky is clear as anything and
now following these are not gonna get
any more snow today but someone said we
might get overnight again I'm not sure
it's not as cold as you say yesterday
was
Oh cold was unreal so we might not get
any more so this might be the last time
you see snow for a bit early are you
doing she keeps here in the snow falling
off the branches how are you feeling
you feeling good so yeah just keeps
hearing the snow falling off the
branches and to keep freaking her out
but these guys are absolutely loving
eating all of the snow loving every
single second
there we go goodbye bugs goodbye
