oh it's finally snowing look it's time
but look at it's no real bad as well
woof hey long time no see so the snow
didn't last long at all it lasted for
like 10 minutes and the apparent that
was enough Laurie and that that's it
that's called the snow we're getting we
hardly get any snow and it's not snowing
now you but I don't think so anyway
but um today's video is going to be
about something really cool which is
this right here
ignore those boxes look at these boxes
so this is my normal 3ds XL which is the
special pok√©mon X & Y version and
that's going to be the the Y version and
today thanks to Nintendo I got sent one
of these the new three-year so I haven't
honestly read too much about this but I
did when I realized that I was going to
get one and it's awesome cool stuff it's
got like new 3d so para needs a lot more
stable could you even see me there
that's really pretty huh that's kind of
pointing it that way you don't want to
see this thing you don't see the single
tool anyway it's for like new 3ds so
it's more stable I'm not sure what
stable means maybe you can see it from
different angles see stick as well I
think that's to do with like the release
of Majora's Mask it means that you can
use the c stick as you would with like
the Nintendo 64 add the C buttons and
then it's also got the function for
amiibo as well which is big with like
smash players and stuff like that so
it's also got cover plates as well so
this is the what closes this is black so
you can get different plates like
hopefully and get these because these
look really really good what I'm going
to do in this video unboxing it and then
I'm going to compare the two obviously
this is not an XL version but this is so
there's clearly a size difference of
course but I want to test up through 3d
and how it looks as well feel so should
we call this get to it first
first must make a tea the must hey guys
look there's actual snow so I was gonna
do my Nintendo unboxing right now but
its side snowing again
you can't really see it that much that's
the moon but look at the floor look I
thought she a decent amount of snow
maybe it'll snow overnight Ellie look do
you never seen snow before
of course she just bugs here of course
so I still need to do my Nintendo thing
but I will do that Darcy's my having it
over just an avenue you don't see the
snow oh I think she's cold maybe it was
no more of an eye but look how much has
fallen already oh that's gonna quick
quick turn the light on
don't hide odd doesn't I turn there we
go
ah good job any good girl look look all
these little pugging footprints in the
snows well look haha how cool is that
snow
so while another team be brewing how
about we take a look at this new 3d
esposo it's actually called the new 3ds
that exactly when it is cold and I'll
show you again just for comparison this
is my 3ds XL the Pokemon version and
this is the new 3ds I really really like
the packaging the um it doesn't come
with an AC adapter which is why the box
is so small but I'm quite looking
forward to seeing how good the 3d is
because it says that it's better and
I've read some good things about it so
let's see what we get in the box so of
course we get a little package I got a
Quick Start Guide got some AR cards as
well which you get with the normal free
yes and then when the first Studios came
out everyone raged over these they were
so cool like actually having a our cards
like being able to put stuff in your
real-life world but in a 3d world it was
it was cool but I'm here it's packaging
there's not any packaging really
whatsoever which is I guess really
really good and this I'm guessing is one
of the plates so you can put on I'm
pretty sure it is and then we've got the
actual console itself so check this out
the box they got that is all the
packaging it takes very nice indeed so
let's open this shall we
gravid yes and there it is it looks
weird look at this it's black on the
bottom but on the top it's like naked
you can see all the weird text and stuff
that no one in the world reads and then
also got this face plate so the face
plate is all the new stuff that they've
been raving about on the front of the
box so you can get different
you get ones like this a lot mentioned
earlier because it just looks so good
let's see if I can figure out how to put
this on shall we
is that it is that it in have to snap it
in a little bit better there we go look
at that that's really nice I like the
smooth black on it very cool let's see
if it's got any charge on it shall we so
I open it up and it already looks
different so you've got a C stick up
here which is the new stick that's not
on the normal 3d s so let me just open
this of course again it's going to be a
size difference look at the size
difference it's crazy and this needs a
clean oh my goodness I'm using it so
long as you can see the buttons are
different colors which color looks cool
I actually prefer the matte black just
because I do as a personal thing but a
lot of people will do prefer this and it
reminds me actually I am nostalgia trip
right now it reminds me of the snez
controller that's why I like it as well
so they're both very good this only has
a home button and then they've moved the
stand select over here so it's not all
in a row just like this so you've got
just home in the middle I kind of like
that very very cool and it's all classic
like normal I like that a lot
I like not having the power here because
I used to nudge the power by accident
and let me see if they've moved it yes
they've only wait have they moved it
yeah they have so basically on the side
here I know this probably isn't like an
issue for many of you on this side here
and just compare it from the side look
you can see here there's a volume button
or a volume slider right here and this
used to get on my nerves cuz when I was
playing on here I'd hold it and just
like nudge this and it would just blast
my ears or blast out but now they've
moved it so it doesn't happen it looks
like it might be thinner as well I'm not
too sure about that but let's see if
this has got any where's the power but
I'm confused now the power button has
moved oh it's got wait a second wait a
second it's got ZL and Zr as well dude
this is cool I'm liking this so instead
of just the two shoulder bones which is
the normal at the top you have two extra
buttons called Z R and Z L which is very
nice indeed the VR receiver or the
infrared receiver sorry is different and
the card slots also moved
- under here I believe so the consulate
is just under here your stylist and
stuff goes there as well they move the
power button to here - so let's open
this ts is a very hard to open with one
hand this is a lot cooler than I thought
it was let's power this bad boy up and
see what's going to happen I really want
to see you 3d obviously you won't be
able to see the 3d on this so what am I
do is power it up have a little play
around and I'll probably use well games
like a probably Pokemon yeah I make a
ruby and try it out so far though it's
looking very cool indeed so I just took
da CL for a evening business and um it's
snowing again it's snowing it's quite
light but unlike the flakes on that big
but the snow is quite heavy if that even
makes sense so the shower is heavy
but the UH the flakes on so you might be
waking up to snow in the morning we've
got a little blanket of snow on the old
ground but I don't know how thick it's
gonna be hopefully it's a lot because if
we could make like a cool snowy video
tomorrow but um let's figure out
tomorrow which is today for you guys and
we're talking by the Nintendo 3ds the
new one so at the beginning of the video
I was like um I wish that I'd got the XL
but to be honest the smaller one it kind
of looks like a little bit but I guess
it's because the resolution is smaller
if I make sense so whatever like on a PC
or something and you look at something
it's hard to know if it'll do video
editing because when you like compress a
video down to like this size when it was
this size it looks ultra HD because it's
so compressed and small the pickles are
so small that's kind of what the vibe I
got off the 3ds that I've got here and
with the UM the the better stuff - free
3d what that is is basically it follows
your eyes I don't know if it does right
from the front cam it must do so
apparently it follows your eyes and
wherever you're moving the the screen so
instead of having to keep it dead center
and then there's like different bits
along the screen you can do just like
that so you can see the 3d but now you
can see it most of the time because if
you move the screen in slightly or
adjust your face and be able to just
show you the consistent 3d stream which
is
very cool I like it it seems very smooth
and it doesn't seem too weird when you
move on a normal 3df so the small screen
possibly a bad thing but it does look
super nice so I put it back in its box
already why did I do that let me get out
of set and there it is and I'm really
liking the matte black on this as well
it would look really cool with new face
plates if I see any in your face place
then I'll definitely check them out
because I'm liking the look of the ones
that are on the cover I'm not sure if
those are going to be ones but if they
are this would be sweet and I think you
can get bottom ones and top ones as well
but I think I look cool just like maybe
like a red one on the top they might
look quite cool but anyway that is a
mini review of the new 3d yes I guess
it's quite cool it is really cool I'm
sure that XL version is even better so
that's going to pretty much wrap up
today because I need to grab some mugs
because we're going bad get this guy's
if not past midnight it's nowhere near
midnight well it's quarter to 11:00
we're going to bed how good of us is
that I don't know the mugs oh hey there
yeah how could a bus is that crazy so
we're going to go to bed I'm gonna play
escapists in bed which is a game that I
am completely addicted to you right now
both watching and playing as well also
it started off by watching jacksepticeye
play and I got addicted to accident that
borrowing it and now I'm still in the
first prison behind you played it for
like a couple hours so far so gonna play
some more see if I can escape that
dastardly prison so we're gonna go to
bed thank you so much watching this
video if you did enjoy it please leave
thumbs up and even though uploads on
every day on this channel there still
are videos being planned so I'm planning
more like one-off videos kind of like
the Disney one and the shooting my wife
on which you all seem to enjoy so thank
you so much sticking with me out on the
main channel as well the main channel
has had the best week it ever had last
week so I'm really glad you're enjoying
it and I will see you guys soon
hopefully tomorrow there's no yes
