now you've seen the title of this video
and this probably sounds a little bit
weird I'm in my my new office which
isn't completely finished yet but today
when you put it a little bit of a prank
or it is for being annoying today so
general doesn't know I bought this bike
on this and they all gun now this thing
is super powerful check this out yeah
I've tried shoe myself with that it
doesn't hurt so what I'm gonna do is see
how many times I can support his gamma
and shoot over this throughout the day
it should be fun let's go hey no toe
yeah so there you go random video for
the day bye hope you enjoyed it now I've
been coming to Java the whole day with
this gun and it's fully loaded so I
think it's only fair that you have a go
shooting me you want to go okay I said
because I feel I like eight times today
I'm gonna try and shoot my butt so let's
see how this goes oh no did I miss a
obviously we had a face sorry
yeah try again no any okay I need to
watch over you get here nothing where
did you shoot I supposed to aim this do
you look down your eyes okay turn around
named wait I need a bullet do you have a
oh there's one in there oh hello young
thing I'm gonna burn it after it's done
yeah
ah you moved and that is that I don't
put us on YouTube now
