parind down here and welcome to another
video where today we can be talking
about possibly quite a dark topic but I
thought interesting so let's talk about
it today we're gonna be talking about
Disney and Disney's usually quite a
happy place I've been there many times
I'm going again and this is kind of
where this kind of came from so we're
planning to go again in May and Gemma's
been googling literally everything
Disney since and she stumbled across
this webpage so I thought I'd share it
with you and the title of this webpage
is incidents at Disney World so they've
got a different one for each place and
Disney that they have so got I want for
LA one for Paris for this one it's for
the one in Orlando and it's pretty
interesting and well this website does
is it lists a ton of different incidents
that have happened at Disney World so
these are legitimate things that have
happened at Disney because obviously
they have to keep a record of them and
these incidents cleaver of cause dumb
injuries serious injury or even death
so this is going to be extremely happy
video so let's begin
let's sit by every single ride in every
single place in every single location in
Disney so let's start with the Indiana
Jones epic stunt spectacular and the
reason I pick this is because this is a
show this isn't even a ride and people
who got injured so it lists here three
different incidents where a performer
has fallen about 30 feet and injured
themselves they haven't died at all it's
all good so some of them were one of
them was pinned by a malfunctioning
trapdoor and two of them fell from about
25 to 30 feet so they thought about
learning a new and safer routine but
just below this it says later while
rehearsing a new and safer routine
another performer fell 25 feet onto
concrete wasn't really a safer routine
then was it and then in another
performance and the 17th of August 2009
a 30 year old performer died after
injuring his head while rehearsing a
tumbling role so four people have fallen
from 30 feet which is very very high
onto concrete without any ladders or
restraining
cables or safety nets this guy does a
tumbling role and dies it's been an epic
roll right onto another ride which is in
Epcot and it's called missions space
that I've been on this a couple of times
and it literally like puts you in a team
of people and you have to guide a rocket
to space and like press buttons and all
that kind of stuff and it's quite
intense there's like a safe one which is
the green one I think and then there's
the orange one which a little bit more
intense so I guess more rocking more
swaying and that kind of stuff and it
says from June 2005 to June 2006 so a
year paramedics treated 194 mission
space riders that's almost 200 people
that had been treated medically in one
year from one ride the most common
complaints were dizziness nausea and
vomiting of those 194 guests 25 people
passed out 26 suffer difficulty
breathing and 16 reported chest pains or
irregular heartbeats I now I'm never
going to go on the intense one I've only
been on the safe one never going on the
intense one anymore oh my goodness right
then we are moving on to Magic Kingdom
which is the one with the big the big
castle of course the one everybody knows
is to start movies and all that good
stuff
this one actually happened backstage on
February the 11th 2004 a 38 year old
employee dressed as Pluto so Pluto was
out there in the open and he was killed
at Magic Kingdom when he was run over by
the Beauty and the Beast float at the
share a dream come true
parade so Pluto was actually killed by a
float not just any float it goes into
detail and says the Beauty and the Beast
float so either beauty all the beasts
definitely had some beef with Pluto
Pluto lost next right is it's a small
world now it's a small world is that one
way it goes it's a small world after all
over and over again while you go around
the world because apparently it's more
and you're going these really slow boats
but apparently those slow boats are
actually quite aggressive on August 18th
94 a six year old girl from Miami fell
out of one of the rides boats and I
thought this was gonna get super dark
when she was going to like drown or
something cuz this is all water but no
that didn't happen so I'm what happened
was she was struck by one of the boats
so basically she found the boat and then
got hit by one I thought they're really
slow so maybe she just got like a bump
on the head or something but no she
suffered a broken hip a broken arm and a
collapsed lung but don't worry she
recovered fully so is perfectly fine but
still those boats are a lot more
aggressive than they seem you think it's
just a combo tried but really fall off
of though one of those things and you're
seriously in trouble on December 25th
2014 that's Christmas Day this is the
same ride by the way a 22 year old woman
lost consciousness after riding the
attraction and she later passed away
that's all it says the ride really isn't
that bad so you know when you're on a
ride and they say keep your hands feet
and no objects inside the ride usually
everyone's like that's just stupid but
this this teaches you why so the Pirates
of the Caribbean ride which is in Magic
Kingdom that's the one way or again on
very slow boats you go around then it
tells the story of Pirates of the
Caribbean well this guy didn't listen to
the the dangerous warning and he put his
hands outside the ride vehicle at the
time of the incident and lost the top of
his ring and pinkie finger it doesn't
say how but there's a piece of there's
two pieces of fingers inside that ride
well they probably cleared it up but
still when they say keep your hands and
feet inside the rides they they really
do mean it I dunno how he lost them
though that's a really odd ride to lose
on this one's pretty incredible it's
from 1982 and is from the Skyway which i
think is like a monorail kind of thing
not too sure but it's definitely in the
air so a 20 year old worker in 1980 was
standing in the ledge of the station so
that's where they come in and just
you sit in and then go I'm sure y'all
know a station is on the Skyway started
up just ran away while she was cleaning
it she grabbed on to one of the gondolas
which is like the thing that you sit in
and traveled 100 feet before the ride
was stopped and they tried to climb onto
a roof of the nearby building could have
reach her and then she fell 15 feet on
through a roof slid off and then dropped
another 20 feet to the ground
and survived she injured her back
slightly and survived that's that's one
way to ride the ride that's probably the
least thrilling ride made to the most
thrilling ride in about ten seconds whoa
oh my goodness so you know we're talking
about those um dangerous kind of
warnings that they give you about
keeping your hands and feet inside the
ride well another one is like when you
finish the ride you're like oh that was
cool but I want to get off now
and they say wait until the ride has
come to a stop this is a lesson in why
you should listen to that so November
the fifth 2030 seven-year-old man from
Florida was critically injured while
trying to exit the ride vehicle while it
was moving and it's non Splash Mountain
by the way I don't know if I said that
before but this was on Splash Mountain
that's the log flume one the crazy log
flume one you told fellow passengers
that you fell ill and attempted to reach
one of the attractions marked emergency
exits so he left the ride while it was
still moving which is a complete nono if
you're any theme park and he was struck
by the following ride vehicle so you're
trying to escape and then died at a
local hospital he got killed by Splash
Mountain this just this just goes to
show you need to listen to the Disney
people I didn't take it so seriously I
thought these are just things they had
to say but these people that have
ignored it have suffered the
consequences very badly and there you
have it those are some scary but real
stories about the Disney World I thought
they were pretty interesting if you want
to read some more because that's not all
of them then go into the description
below and I'll take you straight to the
page where you can read more about
people who've got injured slightly hurt
or even have died at Disney World
so I mentioned I'm going to Disney World
in May this year I'm now incredibly
scared so I know people who have died
there and I know that there's two ends
of a
finger in the Pirates of the Caribbean
ride but seriously if you did enjoyed
this video then please do leave a big
fat thumbs up that'd be greatly
appreciated and also this happens to be
the first it seen by me that please do
consider subscribing as well that would
be awesome again
thank you for watching and I will see
you all next time what I am definitely
not going on it's a small world ever
again
