best way to start a vlog with chocolate
milk hey how are you doing guys so it's
currently quota for I'm almost done
finishing off my videos but some little
yep then guys those guys those girls
need to go bro I'm not going to say the
word almost said it then four I need to
go so we're gonna arm today we've got
our drains done finally it wasn't really
that much of an issue just got done and
that was it unblocked fantastic so I'm
gonna have a quick sip of the old
chocolate milk because I bought it and
I'm so glad the idea because the
previous one I had wasn't actually that
nice but this one looks beautiful look
at it
oh yeah chocolate milk and I think I've
already drank like half of this even
though this is only my second glass so I
definitely need to get some more in the
future it's beautiful it's so tasty
these guys are ready to go Gemma's
getting ready for take them out for a
walk and then I said the word said the
word did you hear me leaving him he's
okay and then I just need to finish
editing my challenge video for today
which is a solo challenge come try one
of them out and it's with the custom Bob
lucky blocks now I think I figured out
how to make my own lucky box so I might
do that and make like some special tray
or us like it looks something I'll be
hilarious so I'm gonna try that are you
guys mad what are you doing up there
Darcy what do you what are you doing
what are you doing what are you doing
it's not doing much what are you doing
what are you doing
want to go outside don't worry what what
is that why you looking at me like that
I think she does so I'm gonna let the
wait we're going out in like two seconds
I can tell you where we're going because
you're gonna go mad anyway today is
gonna be a quite a chill day put away
some more GTA when I'm done
of my videos and going out of these guys
and I'll see you all of it you're not
gonna be long okay not gonna be long at
all
Wow pugs wired bugs and a little pose
you can be it we do any fun during
interest in huh come in
she playing
going on little adventure it's really
quiet around here
so we've let the bugs off this is the
only time we've let them off without
like another dog so hopefully there that
does is loving it though look speedy
just loving it jumping around craziness
so gonna follow this path because
apparently well we don't even know where
it goes but we're going to follow it
anyway hopefully this is video evidence
if we don't come out alive we don't know
where we're going do you know where
we're going Eddie by you Darcy point him
we call this ice this poor ice like
thick thick ice so cool what there's a
big lump of ice up here as well as on
all this I wipe it is is this all
snowflakes
so I frosty snowflakes look aside this
is like an X puddle if she goes with
these on the ice
oh no Gus is gonna skid like a beast ha
ha
she fell oh no oh dear girls Helle Darcy
what's this this is gonna come
so that's all grass under there look how
deep that is can't even break through it
any drug the ice would you think it
honest hey pokey just gonna go and see
what's around this corner it sounds
really weird though so like all this
grass is even like it feels like I'm
walking on bubble wrap almost it's
really weird we're gonna go and see
what's behind this corner oh I can't
even run because it's so crunchy and
slippy hyung it's just more grass what's
around the corner this is all this is
all melted and this one's all melted I
don't want to go on there yeah that's
all melted it just goes all the way
around there look Lisa who's that hey
Teddy yeah you didn't slip Eve off good
job
chocolate milk to end the day as well ah
ye so guys today is a very good day you
know why I had two reasons but I only
remember one so one reason is the feem
hospital has just come out as a free
download on origin but forgive me if you
don't know what origin is is literally
like EA's version of steam but check it
out
themed Hospital remember that game that
I was trying to install a long time ago
on the channel about maybe like two
months ago
on the original disc it's now free on
origin I didn't even think about looking
for an item when I was originally trying
to download it and now it's free so
definitely go and check out I don't know
if it's actually might be still yeah be
today because he's gone up tomorrow and
it's only just starting it's trended on
Twitter and that's how I found it weird
way to find it I've just played the
first two levels was going to go to bed
early when I was half one cuz I've been
playing playing fee mas ball so I'm sure
you'll forgive me for that and I'm still
what's running on mobile broadband
that is bad so let me quickly change
that and there was another reason oh
yeah it started snowing and supposed to
snow even more overnight and tomorrow
but um it stopped snowing so snow a
little bit but now it stopped and it's
severely wet outside so I don't think
it's going to settle at all anyway so oh
well oh well that's not too bad at least
it I just want to see some snow we want
to get the pugs in the snow that's the
main reason we want to see some but I'm
gonna finish off doing this I need to do
some annotations so I'm going to sign up
for this video just wanted to tell you
about the theme hospital thing are far
remember which I probably won't I'll
leave a link in description below but I
hope you enjoyed this video of our
little icy walk that we had earlier and
whatever I also got to today and I will
see you guys in the next video if you
did enjoy this and please leave a like
and I will see you guys in the next
video goodbye
