yes very sick I even walk this thing if
it's focused Thank You focused focused
to recording yeah hey guys so that was a
very very poor joke about me not
remembering how to use my camera because
I haven't used it quite two days I
apologize for that but to be honest I
never said that this channel would be a
daily child just turned into one for
quite a wit quite a bit and sometimes
I'm just going to miss out some days
because um just because like my days get
really busy with the main channel the
main channel has to come first I had
some really cool things going down the
main channel which you seem to be loving
like the five nights pretty challenged I
was popular so any challenges and mods
as well so I've just been making sure
that I get content out on time on that
and then this comes afterwards so but
some few cool ideas for this channel as
well but um it's not going to be every
single day on this channel I just want
to let you know that I'm sorry if that's
disappointing but hey it's just gonna
have to be the way so today it's been a
stressful one literally woke up and then
all our downstairs plumbing was blocked
so I was just like fantastic exactly
what I need right now especially when I
haven't made videos and stuff and um
yeah it was bad who's bad and it still
is bad because it's not going to get
fixed till tomorrow how is that even
possible but anyway the drains are
blocked so we have to get someone to fix
it it's not on our property it's like in
the pipe in the other side of the road
so we have to get the guys to do that
let accounts or whatever and I got a
sketch show the cream egg ran outside
done my um my videos for today and I'm
installing this right here
still still installing all the batteries
red that's how long I haven't used it
for so I'm gonna quickly speak is
install these two games
second ages maintenance rubbish and I'm
only a 50% I've got the disk as well so
it's taken ages even with the disk but
enough of that I need to upload in a bit
as well as before would have to stop it
from installing in a second but looking
forward to playing it and I'm not sure I
got sent this game and a couple of other
games as well and Forza horizon is a
game as well that I got um sin and it's
for a certain reason but I don't think
I'm allowed
tell you why but it'll become apparent
very very soon so I'm gonna play these
games because technically I have to well
I will when it's finished installing and
I'm going to eat this cream egg and
chill out just chill out after today hey
American people watching this you can be
proud of me check out the dinner I've
got today I got ribs barbecue ribs and
onion rings I am so looking forward to
this it is unreal
I'm pretty sure it's American if not I
apologize but actually wait wait wait to
save myself it's a New York style man
rib rack I'm going to destroy these
hopefully they're really nice they smell
good mm-hmm
all dem ribs absolutely destroyed
there's no an animal out there this
missing half a rib cage because of me
that's pretty dark actually this is
literally the best got some YouTube got
some pugs or some cuddles
I've eaten I'm full I'm tired this is
good this is good I still need stay
awake to put my other videos I'll just
put my turbo dismount video live I just
found another one called stair dismount
so I might do that as well if you like
the third installment of turbo dismount
it's a super fun game I didn't realize
the deal on tablet as well my old cousin
showed me that um was it like a couple
weeks ago maybe they got you on tablet I
thought that's pretty cool some we have
to get on my tablet as well super fun
game because sleepy these guys are so
sleepy I'm in a perfect position right
now I think guys it's already time for
bed
I'm literally an ice cube just burn our
dogs and literally and this is the
coldest coldest night so far it's
freezing so it's kind of go to bed now I
can play GTA for like maybe two or three
hours maybe and I'm trying to do it in
first person I skipped out a little bit
um it was super hard but I'm going to go
back in I'll go first person I'm steins
get used to it it's weird driving on the
left and then like having a steering
wheel on the left and then having to
drive on the right it's very very weird
to go bed then Ellie she's asking me to
go bed look holy Ellie how you doing
Ellie
go to bed I meet you want to go to bed
what about you Darcy
doing a little bit as well there we go
so we're gonna go to bed now I've got
some cool videos I'm planned for
tomorrow something before it's doing
those but from that we're just going to
sleep so I think start talking you'd
enjoy a piece do big fat thumbs up
that'll be awesome and I'll see you guys
next video bye let's go Abby
let's go let's go
