oh you licked it back in Oh My glob you
guys call me making a tea again ha ha ha
how are you doing good evening guys it
is oh it's five to ten you think it was
that late I bought was like seven but
hey it's not it's it's five to ten I
didn't think it was that late at all
anyway hi how you doing I've got a
couple of cool things to show you today
so today we just kind of chilled out I
made videos I finished making a video a
like let me finish making a video it
might have been like five or six and
then we had to go shopping get some food
because you had like none but now we got
tons which is good and I also topped off
on cream X I now have let's see what the
running total of cream eggs is it's one
two three four five got five in total
eight one today yeah yeah yeah so I'll
show you how much we have right now the
fridge is stocked up look at this so
much stuff and in the freezer oh man we
went ham we went absolutely ham in the
supermarket we just bought if we went
when we were hungry as well it's always
a bad idea when you go food shopping
because you end up buying like we have
everything so I'm just making a tea who
knew and I'm going to show you two
things the first thing is a little bit
strange but I think it's quite
fascinating the second one is a pretty
awesome thing I've been waiting to use
all day so the first thing is Ellie is
molting my crazy which means her hair is
falling out and she's making like a new
coat for herself
and look how much gem got off by combing
her look this is all pug fluff you can
literally make like a little pillow out
of it
look at it so floppy and stuff that's
incredible as amazing as if you like all
of Darcy's coat came off but the
equivalent of Darcy's coat came off of
Ellie which is insane and the next thing
is a package that got delivered today
from a brand-new games console so I'm
quickly going to show you it and it's
from a company called Alienware and I
don't even think these are available yet
I know that they're available to buy but
they're not
you sending them out yet but check it
out it's this it's got a big alien on
the front and it's an alienware alpha
now an alpha is literally I think
they've nicknamed it the steam machine
because I'm loads of you know what steam
is steam is the online games thing where
you buy a games downlo gain is a play
games online cut achievements and
communities and all cool stuff like that
and this is literally a console to
attach to your TV and you can play Steam
games through your TV so basically it's
like a mini PC for your living room and
I have had a chance to play but yeah
there's going to come yesterday but I
miss the delivery and it came to the
head oh no time to play it so I'm gonna
unbox it for you guys I'm going to show
you it hopefully it works I mean like
hopefully I get it to set it up and be
able to play again but it means I can
play stuff like all the stuff you can
get on Steam like and Garry's Mod and
all that cool stuff and it uses an xbox
controller not an Xbox 360 controllers
you compare all those up play some cool
games even like terraria caster areas on
Steam on try thing of other things left
for dead which I'll talk about the other
day um what else what else
The Walking Dead games all that kind of
stuff so we're going to try it out right
now actually and here we go
this is the Alienware alpha I'm super
excited to play this and I think you can
run it like a PC mode as well and he has
come to join in it she's come to join it
I don't think can you set this up for me
please
no okay so basically consoles in here
controllers in here check out this
awesome piece of foam as well as like an
actual controller you can have that Eddy
and yeah it runs off a normal Xbox 360
controller and it comes with one of
those as well and I've got many many
Xbox 360 controllers so I'm definitely
going to tear that up get this actual
thing out and it's a barrel well it's a
little bit thicker than a Wii U so this
is the actual system let's run it over
here so the pugs don't eat it this is it
let me just get out of the bag and there
we go
this is the Alienware alpha it's very
cool-looking very cool indeed it looks I
think that we you is a little bit
smaller than the Wii so it's about like
a normal we size and it doesn't fit in
the slots over there which is very very
annoying so I'm going to have to
I'm gonna have to just set it up outside
for now but it's got like all the cool
stuff called a lien to turn it on I mean
that's just the coolest thing right
Eddie
and um USB HDMI Ethernet which is
perfect and it just looked really really
slick and cool so I'm gonna set this up
and we'll see if it works so I got the
Alpha setup guys and it's actually
pretty gold I mean it's all in like beta
still so there's some kind of like text
missing and some confusing menus but man
it's looking cool I'm just playing turbo
dismount and this is on the alpha using
the Xbox controller as well as you can
see the alphas down there and it's
running really well as well so if I just
go to reset or reset right here and you
see a mouse on my screen as well there's
our mouse down there I'm just connected
quickly and yeah turbo dismount has
changed a little bit I think it may be
updated with like new stuff and that but
um let's play that again this is updated
and it's pretty awesome all the updates
if I go into like vehicles I can choose
this to go for the collie
let's change it to the character camera
oh my goodness what's she doing anyway
look how smooth it runs it's in full
1080p as well by the way and I'm one of
the new features just randomly is that
you can um steer while you're on while
you're playing
look it's just run so smooth it's
awesome so I'll have a try in a minute
is those console mode and PC mode and
basically console mode is what I'm
playing now is where you just log into
steam and then play all the games you've
got on there what Garry's Mod
downloading at the moment should be so
good and also you can do PC mode which
I'm going to try in a sec so alayan how
it goes any good I'm putting minecraft
on the TV damn you didn't shoot it yeah
look I caught it is I finally got it
step on a PC so basically you can do
whatever you want on a PC like I've just
installed chrome present issues however
I like and I can go on to youtube watch
some YouTube videos without using an app
or anything but I'm using wired
peripherals at the moment which means I
need to just get some wireless stuff
going down and then I can like sit on
the sofa and just play whatever I want
so that's not little in value a here's
my plex
sup my Plaxico doing so I can lift you
just jump in and flow over I like all
through this cord all out the system and
I can also access all my steam stuff
like it's a normal console by using my
little vertical my old controller which
is awesome it's so good are you doing
any you mad she's how can she scratch
the DVD okay but this is good this is
good so we can play some mind flex now
and properly test it and it runs smooth
considering it's not like the top spec
there's lots of different specs you can
get on this looking good
I'm liking it early
oh just been outside with the dogs and
it's freezing so I've finished playing
my outfit for today and I attached I
think I showed you yeah course I showed
you because I play Minecraft a just a
wired keyboard and mouse just to see
what that feature was like literally
like a mini PC it's so cool so you can
play console version which is with the
controller and stuff and playing on the
indie games and stuff like that I can
play like five nights at Freddy's G mods
and I'm gonna have to download and try
those out as well but I'm gonna get and
set up like a wireless keyboard and
mouse cuz I keep thinking like oh what
if the wireless keyboard mouse doesn't
work with it but it's a it's a it's a PC
it's a Windows PC it runs Windows 8.1
the full edition so it will work so I'm
going to get a worse keyboard and mouse
and I can just chill on that sofa right
there playing games on this TV right
here mega mega cool so for today I am
going to sign out thank you so much
watching if you did enjoy please be a
big back thumbs up and if you're excited
about the anywhere alpha I will be
making a main channel video on it like
showing you what you do in Minecraft and
all that cool stuff oh I just forward to
show you why this channel as well the
same so I've got it today and I'm just
playing around with it and take you
through like a video before prepping a
proper video like a full the preparation
and stuff so you get my first
impressions thanks so much watching if
you did enjoy should I pick my thumbs up
and I'll be awesome and I'll see you
guys in the next video I'm tired
bye
