hey guys how's it going how you doing
today it's actually quite a nice-looking
day where it's actually really really
cold so we're here we'll shop in you
ready to shop I'm ready to shop and um I
got lost somewhere so it's a little bit
longer reason so many anything octopus
offer take and they should be have
absolutely great time they didn't even
notice that we left and we have a good
day shopping and eating I'll get some
food first plus your flings buy it why
should we got to eat I don't know but
we'll soon to be this whole out are you
for loads of frozen stuff all the
 things
mysterious shoes someone's will come out
just socks guys look this whole suit of
armor is for sale it's incredible I
really want to buy it because I'm shoes
they would hurt we're just in Toys R Us
I just found the perfect section for us
look this is what I talked about earlier
we put the minifigures with those the
paper crafts things I think that we call
you got n demand things so I have most
of this stuff now I like this still I
think it's like plastic instead of paper
and you can like build it then you got
horses they look creepers who's Alex
wait
what so who is this guys if you know who
alex is comment down below have no ideas
it like the female Steve or something we
comes with a slime it looks pretty cool
I've just noticed these minifigures I
opened the other day they've got like
witches and new stuff in they've got
like wolves cool stuff and we're back
from shopping what actually it's a lot
later than when we got back from
shopping it's half past 10 dozen
people's around so um we actually got
not that much we went to one place then
came home because we're really feeling
the shopping mood today but we still
bought a good amount of stuff so we went
out came back and then like just chilled
out for a little bit and then we went
back out and shopped in a different
place and did a little bit more shopping
so that was very very productive
the second shopping trip so I got a bag
of cloves here some more clothes down
here I think I've got like five tops and
some jeans but not too fond of the jeans
so I might be taking them back I don't
know I don't know I probably won't end
up keeping them anyway but we've also
got a couple of things for the house we
got this lamp right here what we've got
a couple more pictures as well for the
living room and somewhere else I think
this is the first one says where there
is love there is a way nice and nice and
inspirational and then we've also got
two more pictures to add to this so
we've moved the what did we move we
moved the bottom right walking dead from
the top right to the
right and then we've got a Harry Potter
one I've also got another walking dead
lines this is a walking dead one it's
Glenn and Maggie destroying a zombie and
then Harry Potter one over there which
is the undesirable number one a little
wanted poster from from Harry Potter
films and it looks cool and what else
did we get else do we go
else did we get oh I got some cream eggs
of course and some actually I'm stocked
up on cream eggs now I bought four in
total so those will ask me probably
about four days so all the videos have
done for today what some new scales as
well because weighing out the dog food
that's not interesting at all but I did
also get some buddies some Pokemon guys
just because I haven't bought any from a
shop from a while usually like I buy
them either actually I usually just buy
singles now some of the openings upper
ceiling anything good so it turns out
didn't have to do two about it for them
five packs which isn't too bad now if
you don't um know about Pokemon then
this probably won't mean anything to you
whatsoever but got two super rare cards
from five packs literally does not
happen and this one is a pretty good one
as well or one of the best ones you
could get from the set and this guy
looks pretty cool anyway it looks pretty
awesome it is zero stick I think that is
but it's like a full hour card and this
one is a mega evolution
so that is sweet mega metric so pretty
good cards that literally got like maybe
double maybe even triple the worth of
them out of those five packs which is
cool so tomorrow the very very early
start got a accountants meeting at 10:00
oh it's gonna be so early well it's not
only at all flesh either I know going to
school and stuff you're like that's not
only at all but um it is for me because
I either get a shower so our dogs all
that good stuff and then goes to meet in
and then come back hope you make a video
and then then I don't even know what
video I'm making some I think it's a mod
showcase I think anyway well I'm not
even sure what some mods - um what to
showcase but I'll see if anything new
has come out recently um and then if the
carpet guy coming over to sort out the
carpet in my office so hopefully that'll
be done I take it won't be
on Friday so I probably done next week
hopefully anyway I cannot wait for that
because I need to get in there and make
it look awesome so we need to get these
puppies outside doing toilets and then
go to bed
I'm super tired so thank you so much
watching today guys if you did enjoy
usually the fat thumbs up I'll be
awesome and I will see you guys in the
next video
