pop had a certain standard for all of us
and we don't want to lose touch of that
we all want to stay being somebody that
he will be proud of
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here Yeah right there and today
is Sunday and today right off the bat
you guys if you didn't see yesterday's
vlog me and Bridget broke up
yes that's not a joke that's not
clickbait we actually broke up and our
new anniversary is March 24 2008 TV no
it's not okay if that's the case then
what's the other anniversary day because
we broke up like a month at a time
I know oh my gosh yeah we've never told
that story before
we broke up before okay and we stayed
broken up till like May all right okay
so like May 4 2009 okay
it is what it is today is Sunday we
broke up yesterday
and today we're having a family meeting
because things have gone off the rail
things have been crazy nobody's
listening Bella what are you eating no I
don't want our family to go crazy and go
off the rails and I just want to bring
us all back in together so today is a
family meeting and my toe frickin hurts
that's why my toe hurts you guys I feel
like I broke it Oh
Bella please don't step on it okay oh my
god she stepped last night no she's like
threatening me well guys let's not fight
today before Jennifer gets you you guys
I just want to take a minute to talk to
you guys and talk to Bridget about
yesterday's vlog and I just want to
apologize to Bridget for being such a an
asshole you know there's no denying that
I picked up my dad's anger issues and
the whole family has you know we all
have anger issues and usually I don't
take those out on her but yesterday I
broke her phone
and I said things that I shouldn't have
said so Bridget I wanted to apologize
I'm sorry things got out of control
I'm glad you took me back I'm glad
you're giving me another chance to
change now I don't that doesn't mean I'm
going to be a different person okay
like I'm still gonna whine and bitch and
be angry but I'm gonna try harder
not to destroy things because I I don't
I don't want that to be my legacy so I'm
gonna try harder nothing there's
anything wrong with that legacy is my
dad's legacy and I love them endlessly
but I don't want to drive her away from
me
I gotta try harder guys if you hadn't
seen that vlog check out the link below
some people call it a click bait guys we
broke up the hell
Gus scared the hell out of me bro
hey tell the lens I feel like our
neighbors are taking pictures in front
of a John Deere tractor right now and I
wanted to film it you got my good side
well this will I guess officially be our
very first family meeting right I mean
did you ever would dad used to try to do
this yeah okay family meeting on
Thursday we did it twice yeah well
seriously I didn't want to have this
because like I don't want it to drip the
poor after everything that happened I
want us to try to stay together yeah and
I just thought we could we need to find
like a new glue exactly so I just want
to see everybody's been doing like how
are you cleaning what why don't you need
to clean it see this thing right there
you clean that Jay yeah well here give a
rag and some cleaner yeah here you got
this you got dirty you opened your mouth
yeah yeah it's not satisfactory to you
do everyone Johnny get up bud let's get
out of
I know J's clean my house okay you
missed a spot
there's spot right there no yeah you
gotta let it soak for a second
you just gotta leave it there or it
won't ever come up sighs everyone been
doing it three months I know how are you
all right
it's touchscreen on buttons
hey all right it's locked listen I know
everybody misses pot we all miss pop oh
yeah something really important is you
boys start to show your mom some respect
because you guys have been bad lately
and I'm not gonna talk about it on
camera did you guys have been smarting
off you guys have not been helping
around the house and pop would not like
this no no start selling your own
respect yeah seriously it's your mom
she's done a lot for you and she's here
for you so much and hey I know you miss
pump we all miss pop and we have we've
been dealing with that ourselves and you
know privately oh yeah it'll been easy
you guys know y'all can talk to me
absolutely any time cuz I miss pop too
man pop was my father
my best friend but now you guys got me
and Bridget and your mom and we got all
kinds of memories of pop how many buddy
you got still watch my videos
you watch all those mailbag Monday
videos oh man
then those things will pouring my wake
up okay did you talk hey you gonna watch
The Walking Dead brain washed out what
about how you seen the obsessed fan yeah
oh that's a great one
yeah here you go
saw yours we all miss pop though
oh yeah
it's just really important you guys that
we don't lose touch with who we are as
people definitely not because pop had a
certain standard for all of us and we
don't want to lose touch of that we all
want to stay being somebody that he will
be proud of
they never seen electronic stuff before
load
what God what come on what is this
okay I'm zooming in cuz I don't feel
like walking to them what are you guys
doing
why would it explode oh my god where'd
you go okay so everybody's aware that's
the fan for my stove yeah oh my gosh
okay Louie we'll have you don't trust
going in the house let's finish the
meeting out here yeah
listen all we got to do is make pop
proud are you embarrassed
you're seriously you're so gullible oh
my god are you guys put our hands in a
pile for pop bridges you to something
explode yeah your hands are gonna
explode
alright the Cata three we say pop ready
or should we say something different no
what should we say hey pop oh yeah oh we
love you pop yeah every point out there
we wouldn't really tiny over there
that's a good hiding spot second that's
Rina yeah seriously
what then it's a stove you can come for
behind the tree now what about it
Jennifer and the kids just left you guys
thus concluding our family meeting I
hope we covered a lot of stuff I know
there's more we gotta talk about but I
get into a habit of doing these more
often because I don't want us to grow
apart I don't want us to like fall apart
I don't want what happened with me and
Bertie yesterday to keep happening I
want us to be happier a happier family
hats happier in general because we've
been really unhappy lately and I don't
want that to be all that defines us so
guys that's the family meeting Jennifer
I love you boys I love you Bridget
of course I love you all you guys I love
you right now I actually want to take
the time to clean my foot because
unfortunately I'm pretty sure my
toenails about to fall off with let's
take a look at this thing good god this
thing looks like a tooth ready to be
extracted was looking from the nail
perspective oh my god this thing is
disgusting it was blood under there I
gotta clean my foot
damn bro get hot already okay it's been
running for like 45 minutes and then it
got hot yet okay 45 minutes was
exaggerating all right
Michael was sour because what body
smells fine know you very think oh
that's yeah well that's gonna be up for
today you guys thanks for watching that
was our family meeting we had to have it
especially after everything happened
with us yesterday we didn't know oh my
god family meeting was an order and I
think that we'll be happy ever doing it
I think you would I think so too
I think we'll be ashamed that Jennifer
thinks that the stove is a bomb what
yeah he'd be really ashamed of that like
Bo do you say to that well I'm joking I
hope I hope I hope
well Jenny seriously it's a stove like
or they just like great like comedians
and they're like hey let's do this
together let's run or do they genuinely
like it was it was not only her it was
all of them yeah that like
subscribe favorite everything to us and
pray for our family
you
