this sucks dad's obituary this sucks bro
doesn't even feel real it doesn't feel
real at all like I don't understand it's
such a weird feeling what's going on you
guys keep you had a camera here vision
was here right there first things first
we had an entirely different beginning
for this vlog it was we had about eight
minutes that we filmed at the funeral
room today me Kim you know Brigitte we
all went out to the funeral home and we
were looking at urns and you know we
picked one out and we signed paperwork
and we did all this and come to find out
it is actually against YouTube's Terms
of Service to film in a few room I guess
and I didn't know and earlier I posted a
tweet it was like hey would you guys
like me to livestream the service and
everybody said yeah and I got to tell
you guys now that we can't do that we
can't live stream the service because
it's against YouTube's or Terms of
Service so I'm really sorry you guys I
thought we were gonna be able to
livestream it but you know it it is what
it is I you know is g-tubes game you
know what I mean but that's not
important oh I understand
you know maybe it's bad to film that
stuff but it's like it's our life that's
the thing you know people are gonna use
this for their own grieving you know and
there's a very important part missing
now to me it was very important to me to
show us searching for this stuff and how
we deal with it and we can't show it and
it makes me mad actually but I'm gonna
move past that guys I want to show you
grandpa's obituaries which was in the
paper today I'm gonna just let you look
at it we're gonna scan over it and let
you read it pause the video if you got
to and just take a minute to read it
really doesn't feel like we go Bridget
doesn't like we're going to my dad's
like service tomorrow
not looking forward to at all I have a
good not unless something let's move
past it it's good enough it's getting
that guys we lost that inch row but we
still got time to get a little aw
because right now we're going out to
dinner with killer keemstar and dave
drops so forget all that forget
everything else
let's get right into the food let's go
get us some kickin chicken
cuz it's the only place that's still
open I'm gonna wings
what if Dan jumps doesn't like it cuz
he's a food reviewer he might forget all
that
Dave drops is gonna love it okay
everybody left kick a chicken you got
the best prize let's do this oh hell no
Felicity I can't ik operation machine
dude anybody have any change
birds you know how do you have cash the
machine is just start working you may be
a good chicken
that's good he said well I don't have
cash no more cousin Shane's best luck
playing games
yeah operational ever taste something I
was a pro champ that operation is you're
gonna hustle he was hustling for money
gonna hustle some operation I'll tell
you right now I want a lot of lot of
change not a change so all right
people have hustled actual the game of
operation operation I've never heard of
that look your nerves get going you're
shaking you got money on the floor cuz
you gotta keep the money next to the
game board right so money on the floor
you trying to go in get the little ball
get the pieces out little body pieces I
feel like like a real doctors like hey
it wasn't why you had to threaten a
couple kids to make sure they shook so
you could take their money do this is
sick hurry up chemo I'm gonna do this
get the quarters we're doing it go all
the way into the back quarters I want to
show off my skills and talent right here
okay so the whole whole time just know
how is that even like the game everyone
can make this
oh man not me who's triny I won't do you
at this man we're all gonna win today
now I just want to know why queer the
final prices on you know upstanders
normally when you go to our case yeah
there's like tickets prizes I get a
little ticket same okay let me go order
stuff right to the top we are in a
chicken place maybe we'll get some free
wings wings I like that and what kind of
first puzzle begin again Bobby Bobby
Bobby Flay's alright cos scores 10 you
go too fast
I was turning
oh no no I messed it up do you have to
get down here to get the bottles
actually I do
well actually this is too many balls at
once 3840 go for the morning this thing
goes man I had to try different things I
was like go slow Gordon for alright game
let's do it he took his jacket off of
this no see national sarcasm Society are
this you know here's the thing
I think being too tall might hinder him
because he's got a duck down and it was
balls yeah the Battle of life oh this is
the thing all over the cents 50 cents
but says hi good I'm trying to get the
proper position okay he's got the squat
dude he's done this before this is
Duncan dude I feel like he invented this
machine he's already at 20 oh man
this is insane even really Wow
what's going on here oh I know we got
some damn drops live food review going
on right here it's a kickin chicken the
best chicken leg I did not say I did not
say we love this place as you said we
right we love this place right
I do love this place I know oh here we
go
I've had a number of teriyaki wings in
my life unfortunately it's gonna taste
like teriyaki however Chris penis is in
full effect
I'm really trying to pinpoint a flavor
give me a second let me hit on one
what's up
so it's Moss we're gonna smash sauce
somewhere it's supposed to be sweet
it's not it's bland it's missing
something
all right however I also have really
must be off the top strike wine here we
go so now looks more like Buffalo and us
honey mustard however you try
- chicken chicken
don't such expectation levels extremely
high just know if it's a late night and
you want something to bite on it's on
the nibble on with some type of flavor
nothing of which you're gonna learn
nothing that's on the menu but you want
some type of flavor it could continue a
bland chicken you will come here you
will come here you will try this stuff
out and will not put a smile on your
face I'm already upset I can have this
rubbery ass bacon all of my cheese is
already cheese ranch and bacon look at
these fries we mean trying to try it you
don't know yet
you know these little soft fries with
the bacon bits and the cheese it's not
terrible so I have out of five the wings
my honey mustard
that's not honey mustard no no no my
teriyaki that's not syriaca imma go
ahead and get easier - what would a fool
however still edible accept we will not
come back next time I go to South
Carolina hold up real quick I just
thought about this logically is it
possible that he got the wrong wings as
those look similar mostly similar these
look similar is it possible he has the
wrong wings it is possible what are the
flavors these are like minor right I've
checked it these are I think pair that
pterodactyl one strong lady's name maybe
these if you live up your expectation
arms fingers crossed
I think they mixed them up this maybe
it's a highly possible
a little bit better almost a little
gonna barbecue smoking this time but
then like underarm after breath OH
like I started would do the smoky
barbecue I was like we're going
somewhere and I kept Shawn what is that
like gym socks you know I tried to help
I tried to help yeah would you call it a
chicken but supposed to be real
this chicken be kickin what are you
thinking I think they're all right but
I'm from Buffalo me exactly where the
buffalo wings were born so like this
stuff is like imitation right covered is
what's up dude this is the best there is
there's a place called Nicole OHS it's
on route 16 on the way to like Yorkshire
or Arcade it's in the middle of nowhere
but they make the best chicken wings
mattifier I want you to mentally bite
into one of those chickens right now get
excited the one you love to order and
that's it chicken chicken chicken finger
lickin where are you at on that scale of
what you love to what you got
I'm gonna write this on a scale from one
to ten two point five it's Khalid's
things happen in life this happen to
life again edible if you're hungry
because we were starving mm-hmm so are
you working we're gonna we're gonna eat
those I'm covering like this is just fun
no it's not anymore so cold right now
look nice he looked at he was part of a
barrel for a second he's like oh is why
you brought me over here beep man it's
the only place open water I know yeah
South Carolina you want me to kick in
chicken I'm sorry the worst chicken I
had in my natural black life no way
worse hurry
you're just worse you've ever had dude
it's not the worst I've ever had but the
chicken was a bit slimy a bit of them is
the floor inside oh oh
identical though dude that the carpet
matched the drapes can't care about the
bathroom talking about the floors are
squishy however he's slipping on the
floors on top of which they had me in
the chair that was already broken hold
400 pounds of sexy blackness Mike you
know messed up with kicking shape okay
man they were like you have to sit at
the bar all right
and we're like why don't we gotta set
the bar we go to sit at a table it was
sabotage it was set up for us to fail
day one when the moley walks up in here
other individuals were saying at a booth
that was just fine they'd have to sit
there wait by the bar so we finally
decided to get up go sit at a table
every single chair was already squeaking
ouch ouch ouch ouch ooh slippery floors
squeaking chairs as support chicken
right here kickin chicken South Carolina
thanks Mike
it's not your fault nothing else is open
okay I've seen no Popeyes does not
brought in to a fast-food spot
Wendy's it's true so so the worst
chicken you ever had cook your chicken
this is the worst this is the worst
chicken bro I mean it's tough chicken
alive this place gonna be in it to kick
the building over sorry y'all come out
and visit the family just don't let him
take you to kickin chicken what about it
he sold this on this place this is our
second time here but oh we love it here
yeah second time here liked it that says
I was good I feel ill like the slogan
should be your life be ticket a kickin
chicken oh man
life is tillage it
