what's going on you guys dildo suckin
all I see we're behind a camera here and
today is what st. Patrick's Day
embarrass what is that really yeah
in spring starts in three days not long
any green yeah
my last name is green so anyway happy
st. Patrick's Day happy st. Patty's Day
uncover my face you ain't green my last
man's green I don't catch you no color
today I'm gonna make a meatloaf mashed
potatoes what are you spraying me with
water
Lucy Tilly in the video and that's it
man Tuesday
meatloaf st. Patrick's Day and we're
gonna watch we're gonna catch up on our
shows on DVR we still gotta watch
Walking Dead we still gotta watch better
call Saul this will be a good day so for
a meatloaf we're doing half ground chuck
half ground turkey I'm gonna use them in
this I don't know if it'll take up the
whole pan because we're not gonna eat
that much meat loaf but I want to cook
it in this pan even if I just use half
of it okay so we're just going to mix
together the turkey and the beef that is
our first step turkey beef meatloaf okay
it's mixed together pretty well
now mind you the turkey and the beef are
gonna have different cooking times so if
you're gonna cook your beef under don't
use the turkey because there is a chance
that the turkey will be under as well
and you can't have under turkey so don't
do that I'm going for well so I can use
the turkey but if you're going to cook
your beef under don't do it so my first
step is I'm going to use about a half a
pack of this onion soup mix I'm a big
onion fan if you're not don't do this
not going to just the whole pack though
cause this up strong dude half of a pack
just a little bit of salt because the
onion soup mix actually has salt in it
pepper
a little bit of Parmesan cheese q egg
now a lot of people like to use
breadcrumbs I'm using actual bread
this is cobblestone million-dollar bread
and yes it cost 1 million dollars for
this low not really I had a better bake
a better man make a better meatloaf than
you yeah you don't want to take this
challenge buddy you're gonna win don't
you already got sure to take home withh
sausage gravy right now I'm tearing up
pieces of bread for my meatloaf tonight
I want to use bread crumbs Sunim using
the actual thing I'm opposed to because
he's bread you got okay now that I got
the bread tore up in there I start
mixing everything together boy oh yeah I
have the oven preheated to 350 because
do you go any higher is gonna cook too
fast and you can't afford because
there's turkey mixed in here for it to
cook too fast so we got bread we got
onion soup makes me a little bit of salt
we got pepper and did I say bread I
think it did and eggs and Parmesan
Hughes do you catch it yep we do the
ketchup over the top of my meatloaf I'm
hoping there's enough onion flavor on
this all right here we go
I don't know until I think it's done
okay so here's the meatloaf it has been
baking for about 40 minutes virgin yeah
about 40 minutes now I'm going to add
some ketchup over the top of it I'm
gonna add two cups one regular ketchup
get it on there ketchup and the second
I'll semuc vinegar ketchup so this is
ketchup on my meatloaf making also if
you don't like the ketchup I don't know
if this is a southern thing or if
everybody does ketchup or whatever but
you can also make like a brown gravy for
your meatloaf we're here in the south we
do catch-up and here it goes back into
the oven to finish cooking now pretty
sure people are gonna say that is not a
meatloaf because it is not shaped like a
loaf it's a meat flap to meat pan well I
have a meat loaf pan so he has meat cake
I do have it's hot anyway somewhere down
there there is close you bastard
were you at here I do have a meat loaf
pan but I don't trust metal for some
reason I gotta use glass and being
completely candid I didn't see the meat
loaf pan when I was making the meatloaf
so that's why I used that handy just
kidding it's me pickle boy a rye that
was breathing heavy I know she's hungry
but you can't have another stuff up here
it is meat loaf meat loaf sweet peas
mashed potatoes dinner and there we have
it
meatloaf mashed potatoes and sweet peas
and all together the entire meatloaf
took about an hour I baked it for about
40 minutes and then I put the ketchup on
it and put it on meatloaf or meatloaf
put it on broil so the greeting that I
get when I first get to Grandpa's house
is his chair all smashed up on the
ground
when we were pulling into the trailer
park we saw a dad walking it was grandpa
walking Albert's son was with Albert's
son Tina's son Albert was with him and
Jacob was with him and he's just walking
around the trailer park vlogging so he
was walking around the trailer park
vlogging and we beep the horn and yelled
ass and we talked for a minute
I got to get his camera that video was
going on his channel the link is below
and it's the end cutscene that was
pretty funny now I'm just waiting on him
alright you said that you wouldn't like
my meatloaf do you know what
I guess use this booty was covered in
that Jezebel sauce hey Jeff else also
good alright here's my love why so hard
oh this bastards know you love it this
bastard it's so good I got Andy it's
good you're just saying it's all more
cause you want me on your good self my
better oh no it isn't on these real
pills nope yeah they are they're not
lying they're not we don't potatoes I
did the box it's not not good so there
we go
will you cut up oh it's a mixture of
ketchup and on its own nope let's catch
up in balsamic vinegar ketchup if tiny
like fucking - so it's a it's a
different mixer like I said it's ketchup
in a balsamic vinegar ketchup so it
doesn't taste like pure ketchup it's
beef in Turkey little pink no listen to
you first of all let they cook for an
hour this is half turkey half ground
leave commute okey no my jive turkeys
are you dying on video this videos gonna
go from grandpa eats pick up boys
meatloaf - grandpa dies what a good
counter meatloaf well you're not gonna
do the challenge no me vote what about a
challenge would you frying chicken vs.
Tina
hell no she good fried chicken you said
man I am leaving grandpa's house
it was a good time and my face is red
and my hair looks like crap you don't
look like crap you're handsome and sexy
with um dad riding the scooter and I
write I rode the scooter I'm trying to
figure out for one in the vlog or four I
make its own video because it was so
funny it was really sad dad fell at one
point and he started screaming at me
that if I didn't include the footage of
him falling in the video he would never
let me filming again I didn't want to
use it because it was sad he fell off of
a bike hey Bella we're back we took our
super-sweet
whatever that is mrs. belt well that's
gonna be it for today you guys ah great
day my film grandpa riding a scooter and
he fell it was sad but he's a man they
got put it up it's not in the vlog I'm
gonna decide when I start piecing it
together if it's good enough to be on
the main channel that's not I'll put it
in a vlog but either way you know it's
not in this vlog because I wanted to
just check it out you're gonna see in
the end cutscene though me on the little
bike that grandpa rides take a look at
this
well my fat ass is on this little bike
the fucking the freaking the tire is
just flat look at this this is for the
in cutscene
so anyway that's gonna be it for today
you guys I made that meatloaf grandpa
loved it
I did other stuff that is not on the
vlog a lot of stuff happened there is a
video on Dad's Channel now if you want
to check that out of grandpa walking
around in his trailer park and that's it
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite and that's it the rest his ass
but all I can say about drawing Manson
you know the rest isn't a motherfucker
what the fuck what are you following me
well I'll be there I'll go back home now
you got a guardian vehicle behind you
