what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and I am at Grandpa's house
and we're having a cookout
yeah we cook out all right
very hot
what's up boys we got some burgers hot
dogs
Jacob nice haircut thank you very much
sir
oh you're very nice niceness does not
fit that haircut I say you guys thank
you very much sir you ready for a hot
dog Albert I've seen them on one of your
videos yep
these are Kony's but they're nearly all
of them right now yeah you know white
hot Oh forever yeah one new goddamn
snake ivory no a hot dog before and
these are perfect for grilling they're
called snappy grillers okay snap one of
you will never look for this wrong oh
yeah these have a snap to them so you
guys know because of the casing yep I
know I seen another video I I've had
those before
I think he'll survive
snappy grillers you go
Doug can't decide which one do I want to
give grandfather you grab that
motherfucker with your hands I swear it
got off with that picture all over
Facebook I do grab them in my hands I
don't get it dude you grab that when
you're going to the hospital I think you
have a light oh yeah Doug wants you can
grab one once you're handsome oh he's
gonna do it dude this one Doug's a
better man and I man Doug just calls me
out is a you with my daughter now your
turn I'll get you one that's on fire no
you are doing for yourself you guys my
hands on fire so dad and I are just
sitting here grilling out chew it
chilling out chill and Grillin
temperature what is the temperature
today cuz it is not hot Hollywood baby
so it is 80 today these are some bubble
burger burgers get out in there get out
of there but I want you to fall
this is cooking that grandpa's cooking
about burgers we got the hot dogs done
you've done more Joplin chicken two pork
chops using Jezebel what's you a would
you like keepo did you finish your hot
dog yeah
do you like it yeah not much because the
white one was spicy
no matter how this night turns out it'll
still be better than the one cookout you
did we just swung the grill across the
yard yeah I've never that don't make fun
of my cooking I don't need to you're
doing good this time back then you you
you actually learned from your mistakes
not good you're at a point now what you
actually want the food to be good
instead of burning them yeah it's got
the edible
so these are how these how these burgers
are turning out they're looking good the
hell is that thing
oh man sometime next week that you
should ride that thing
everybody click like if you want to see
grandpa ride this thing and Daddy riding
it what do you think dad oh my goodness
look at that
hard believe me I wondered over we out
here cooking again isn't it crazy and
then meanwhile Kim is over there
freaking knocking her damn gutters off
cuz snows trapped in it I'll call that
beer last night crazy ain't it Wow oh
god my eyes I am crying from the bird oh
yes
Wow well we're gonna thumbnail
well all the food's been eaten we had a
good time
somebody's here team always answer your
door
pretty much just cheers up she's taking
over here you go
so the end of the day grandpa washes the
dishes how about using why is that don't
clean up right Master you don't make me
have to you Athena mind my house I took
it over me with the filly thanks for
having me you look wiped out
I am it was fun though two days what are
you two days what huh never run for two
days would you run a problem
so yeah have a lot of fun we got to do
it again yeah we are every every week
right yeah
either here you're out yeah well just
let me know we're good okay yeah Doug's
inviting yeah we looked okay Gord you
are you mr. Fixit I call you mr. Fixit
all my dogs now hey Wilma get my broom
again we go better than the Facebook
what you found my facebook yet not yet
find it you yeah you know I got a new TV
right no I don't know you got a TV
yeah you should yeah you were boy this
one I had to protect what are you you
come at my TV am I have to do something
loosely speaking of I don't think we've
addressed yet these new glasses you like
him oh yeah we're gonna hear your Potter
John Lennon oh you got the John Lennon
staccato style it's more Harry Potter
saw Louis y'all in stop stand and then
and this is Harry Potter at the end of
his life life cycle Harry Potter this
bit
oh I'm sorry yeah
about him oh my god alright see you
Harry
John see you got a Harry John I shave Oh
God you were crazy
Jess shade there's no shame you know oh
he's crying for you have to go back to
the dorm
it's all so happy to see you all right
you guys whoa
he took off like a bullet we got to cut
our grass so we just got home from dads
it was a lot of fun a lot I had a really
good time with dad
I'm glad we were able to work some
through some of that shit it was joy
does
yeah dad make baked beans and we were in
separate toilets yeah I know you must
have put X locks in those beans maybe
that was like a prank I don't know it
was a lot of fun glad you invited us dad
had great time had a great time with
Doug had a great time with Tina it was a
blast cookout at grandpa's eye now we're
home so you forgave us what forgive a
nose member oh maybe so that's gonna be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching click like you can see grandpa
ride that little bike you guys have
clicked like a lot for us to do the
reverse actions challenge so I think
we're doing a reverse action anger
grandpa that's gonna be it for today you
guys like subscribe and that's it
everything that's it
ah
