oh here you go sir haha what is that
that uh fuck you get it why I got here
back how could you want
I'm gonna run I hear an hour go give me
look you want me to go get you another
path top three multi key high you're
cheeky man kids this is why you don't
smoke back yeah that's good this what
you were after the high you were chasing
just good dude oh my god oh my god mom
loads of saying thank you Michael Thank
You Bridget oh my god your lungs are
saying that's a wrap I'm happy a happy
boy I'm just a happy boy little get a
happy were ha
oh sorry Michael I don't smell you wanna
share yeah no I don't know you want to
show off hey what is all this crap down
here fucking I don't know don't you pick
it up while we're gone
hell no not good man goddamn you broke
your record player
what record was that Lagoon
Oh whatever good idea it will there
oh god damn that motherfucker hurt mmm
can I write back I gave you that no come
on man I need to ditch my records
speaking of being that you don't need
them I guess I'll go through pick one I
want my Widow shit I'm a picker I got it
on you just set might as well know
they're mine
let me just see what you have Oh y'all
to have hey anyone beat it alone I'm
taking Beatles you need a goddamn record
they're mine
they let me was alone man I'm gonna take
I saw I saw you have a copy of a what
sergeant pepper's no no which one was it
you going okay I'm getting my to be for
sure I'll be goddamned mother though
that it gonna happen
here it is sergeant pentoshi better EULA
Sergeant Pepper load don't I get that
the lonely heart club bear summer take
these I'm gonna get my red don't wreck
for back now go get it bring it out you
favorite killing hey you know what they
say ah get I got air better blam you
can't have it back give it to um I hate
it GTA to get back
wait a minute what is this out of my
goddamn dough what the are you saying
pretending you're singing - yeah that's
American Idol you April's yet what are
you doing don't you think yeah yeah do
you do that show me show me what you're
gonna do it oh my god
dream dream baby you do dream dream baby
hello bizarre dream dad's dream of
becoming a rock sweetie you can make the
page come true I'm good up oh man you're
you're the front man of an awesome band
do the microphone thing again
what do a microphone trick Hey oh you
will do I really got what I bet that you
did not you just our karaoke machine is
our karaoke oh my god hey yeah I get him
I wanna make sure this one really in
there oh my god is that the microphone
for it no no I had a vote it wakes up to
leave a light on everything
wait a minute so you had karaoke
machines he just never showed me right
so when I leave you probably pull right
through the sing boom
you got it oh my god dude that is
amazing I don't know it up maybe when
did you come up it up for me
grandpa's karaoke machine you going okay
call you a woman enough take my man
whores like you you're a diver dead you
can screw up anywhere oh you got it
through the dr. jorde problems but I
hear ha ha ha we're gonna monitor
something what what something really or
something demonic so this was your old I
plants with us here chair Li has no
flesh yet you don't need to catch on no
more that's it goodbye what's going on
you guys
chippy on the camera here all my
troubles seemed so far away go away but
we are sitting here cleaning up that
myth - take his karaoke machine to put
it back in this room to sing to it later
look at my TV in here so I just put in
any CD no in other words
damn what a myth all over cigarettes the
one Morphin the hella one I got
cigarettes didn't I was going to get
them anyway
hey you're not getting my record player
before oh yeah yeah no you're not
I'll go give this little I know you mom
you know I'm gonna collect all this
change and replace my money for
cigarettes goddamn mommy more cigarette
what are you quitting never where oh you
didn't perfect you son of a bitch I
thought it was odd that he was coming
all the way over there to pick up some
on the floor oh it seems I've noticed
that a common trend going on with the
computer on YouTube these days is
reverse actions challenge so if you know
what the reverse actions challenges is
when you record yourself doing something
backwards and you were play it backwards
and see if it look normal for words what
do you think what I'd add I know if
you'd go back for instance Bridget come
record me for instance that was looking
that backwards see if it look like I was
walking and strum we'll see
that's narrow so dad what do you think
about doing a backwards challenge
whatever click like if you want to see
me and Grandpa try to do the backwards
challenge is you do want to see it soon
you tweet link is below and suggest what
you think we should try backwards
I had idea maybe pouring the glass of
tea which we're gonna have to toss the
tea back into the pitcher tub click like
coffee change pin maybe mom click like
if you want to see it we'll do it on the
main channel will be a main Channel
video with Grandpa backwards are you
going to do it why not
any fucking your puffiness storm you'll
fuck any puppy in a storm
fucking new puppy from spell how many
puppies that you fucker hurt baby good
ass up
ok dude I was like a double one that
sounded what it was
let's go Michael he's almost storm it's
under wet his pants
God Steve he voted for prayer
but would you go and get the goddamn
wreck pyretic walk you're not getting
the records way I'll be there oh well
we're home now
uh dad made a huge mess ridiculous if
you want to see the video the link for
that is below it's just cigarettes dad
this is why I chose not to smoke because
if cigarettes are going to do that Jesus
just don't smoke they're not worth it
for God's sakes dad record players gone
for can change all over your floor
ridiculous if you want to see us do that
you know reverse challenge click like I
saw prank vs. prank do it our boy vs
girlfriend Smosh we're talking about it
people were tweeting me saying that
maybe I should do it so if you guys want
to see it click like and I'm gonna work
on it this week it's gonna be hard but
and of course tweet me suggestions what
you think you know we should try
backwards alright guys so P do your
business at the end of a long day
meanwhile we're looking at all Oh the
fog doesn't it's gone we're well that's
gonna be it for today you guys it was
foggy earlier open up the front door
like five minutes ago and was like super
foggy and they came the back yard in
this new fog at all yeah I know right
whatever um that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching dad you're
crazy
don't get mad cuz such a crazy yeah for
y'all commenting still wearing the et
shirt oh so thanks for watching yeah it
were Thompson dildo fuck EDT behind a
dildo et with a rash behind a dildo so
anyway thanks for watching you guys hope
you had a great day had a pretty good
day grandpa a store with his stuff not
mine
so thanks for watching like subscribe
favor
well not everything my ball and that's
it
following everything god yeah oh my god
oh god oh my god yeah
we're smoking cigarettes yeah find
another fucking holy mother's Asian
gaijin
give me a giant you it got him now I'm
only be from one island how long you
know had cigarettes by two hours
