what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here and today is throwback
Thursday and I got a throwback story for
you tonight it's going to be fun
can't wait to talk about it it was
something that I was discussing with my
sister earlier about the time that we
lived on Meadow Field Road and there was
this freaking crazy dog so I'm going to
talk about that just a little bit
also today Bridget and I went to Best
Buy and I got an iPad so I'm gonna open
that thing unboxing yeah I don't know
why I said yeah like yeah that was very
bizarre and I apologize oh I didn't say
a correct opening fat fuck behind a
dildo here fat rash face behind a fat
ass here yellow teeth behind the dildo
here fat ass behind yellow teeth here so
anyway first things first let's go and
open up this iPad air 2 I asked for the
air 2 but it doesn't say air 2 on the
package so I don't know let's check this
out okay so here it is it says iPad air
2 so I guess it just doesn't say it on
the package so iPad air 2 there's
actually my first tablet so we got two
of them today Bridget are they opened
hers that you see by the Wolverine like
ripping up the classic here
okay Wolverine how'd you get yours open
oh no would you use cuz you ain't got
fingernails hurry up so you playing with
tablet got it okay so here we go a
little unboxing alright so right we open
it that's what we're greeted with
so this midwife I get the iPhone 6 plus
Oh cute little iPad the main reason I
got this is my trip to California coming
up when I fly to Wrestlemania I need
something on that plane ride cuz it's a
hell of a long plane ride no cool I
guess start downloading apps also I'm
gonna put this on here I got my case oh
hey coat also I got my case come on
posit
give me thank you Ria's hiccups hey so I
also got this iPad air 2 case so here we
go I'm gonna open this thing up did they
just go away like naturally I don't know
you're just sort of talking and they
went away I hope you up again oh don't
you put that evil on me tink water
backwards so here we go got it
so this is what the case looks like
Michael stole mine I wanted black you
wanna you got blue I had to get dark
blue and just goes in it's awesome and
that's sick I know
Oh hated the girl
okay she started off super cute and
positive and now she's like get away
from my bear I do not think so you do
not mess with my stuff never failed
second you close to her failure can I
have that bear Bella I'm gonna take this
now okay give me my god she's worked
that alligator to pieces so I'm about to
be doing a second unboxing because a few
minutes ago Bridget and I left to go to
the gas station and when we came back
this was sitting on my porch and it's
from dad he told me he had something he
wanted to give to me I do not know what
this is but dad dropped it off from the
porch when I was gone it's weird as
almost like he was waiting across the
street or something you know waiting for
me to leave Sweden had to talk to me but
here it is and we're gonna open it oh
he's a record player dude Wow Bridget
hates music so she's gonna be angry that
I have this and I don't care record
player thank you Dad okay so here it is
now let's look at the record she gave me
the authentic sound of Glenn Miller dad
knows me I really do like big band I'm a
big fan of it the Benny Goodman quartet
this is the big band era and Glenn
Miller a memorial 1940 fourth of 1969
but here we go
so I guess I got to tell dad thank you
so it's hard to say thanks thank you
this thing is awesome I'm yeah I've been
sitting here for the past actually a
hour listening to Glenn Miller I'm sure
bridge is tired of hearing it over there
in the freaking living room but this
thing is pretty cool I really appreciate
it
where ever I got me a gift so before I
got out of here for the night I wanted
to tell a story for throwback Thursday
and as I said earlier I wanted to tell
the story about an evil dog from when I
was a kid living in Gaston South
Carolina me and my sister Kimberly would
always go down the street and we'd run
into this dog and this fucking dog was
mean so to just paint a little backstory
for you guys uh me and my sister lived
on the street called meadow field Road
and we had a friend that lived almost
all the way down the road and about
three houses down from our friend there
was a guy and he had a freaking
Rottweiler and his dog in his yard and
it was a guess whether that dog was on
the chain or not you never knew
sometimes we'd walk by and the dog would
be waiting a half way besides the house
and lunge at us and we'd be scared of
shit and that dog would always come at
us until we got far enough up the street
that it went away and I don't mean it
would chase us out of the yard it would
chase us up the fucking street until it
gave up the dog's name was Bam Bam which
tells you already this dogs mean we
didn't know if the dog had rabies if it
who knows we just knew that the dog was
evil and it would chase after us me and
Kim would be sitting out in the front
yard and people would go walking down
the street we'd go hey is bambam on the
chain or is he off of it and that's the
way it was we had to ask people we'd
call the owner is your dog on the chain
just because we wanted to go up the
street and one day we walked up the
street bambam was chained up we went to
our friend's house and we were there for
a few hours we were planned go-karts and
basketball and having
and then we decided to go home so we're
going home and I walk by bam-bams house
and I look over and I go Kim Bam Bam is
off the chain and when I turn my head to
look
Kim's halfway up the fucking Street like
it's a matter a second I look over Kim
Bam Bam is off the chain when my head
turns here's Kim almost home and I'm
still down there with Bam Bam so I
screamed yeah I run I go across the
street of freaking cars coming oh I'm
screaming BAM Bam's chasing us down the
street and I get home and Kim is only
couch watching Nickelodeon oh you got
home yeah I did thanks a lot and that's
just the way life would be for us want
to walk down metal field Road you're
taking a chance to get eaten alive by
Bam Bam so I just wanted to tell that
story it's really quick I wanted to tell
it because Kim and I were laughing about
it earlier I was crying laughing
thinking about it earlier because it was
so crazy that one that she was so far up
the street you know by the time I turned
to tell her Bam Bam was off the chain
that she was almost home and this is a
far run we're talking like fucking the
length of a football field you know what
I mean she is far away I don't know how
she ran that fast so anyway that's gonna
be it for today you guys thanks for
watching dad thanks for the record
player it's awesome
now I'm gonna work on getting some new
records cuz it you know collecting
records is pretty cool and and you know
I do like the big band music and stuff
like Glenn Miller and you know Louis
Armstrong and you know bridge is not
gonna like it because I'm gonna be
listening to music more often but anyway
that's gonna be it got the iPad air 2
got me a record player told my story
about Bam Bam and now I'm getting out of
here so and now I'm getting out of here
and now I'm getting out of here
oh god and now I'm getting out of here
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite no Bridget
and that's it no no yes but if it does
go up I don't want the beetle
oh yeah no that's why I said no yeah
that's not that we are fuck now
