what's going on you guys Tippie on the
camera here Bella's freaking out because
she wants out but she can't come out
because it's pouring down rain it's
wrong rain Hanna I'm gonna be doing my
prank on grandpa the next couple of days
so make sure you follow me on Twitter so
you can take part of that I need your
help me and you are gonna prank grandpa
you and I my little you're not involved
the link is below check me out on
Twitter you're a cold wrap no I know it
was just like really sunny and bright
now all of a sudden this is raining yeah
I find it peaceful though yeah I wanted
to chill out and listen to it but not
give in it okay so I got my arcade block
today I just broke the seal so I can get
it open easier here we go once that it's
out with me Clyde all right so first
shot inside the box
put the shirt aside we're gonna check
that out just a few minutes let's check
out what's in this box okay first thing
in the box we have is this sonic and
sonic the hedghog buildable figure so
I'm not gonna open it it's just a little
figure of Sonic that you build no Claude
that's not a ball you won't see it
anyway huh can't play with that buddy
okay we also have this Legend of Zelda
link plush toy that's pretty cool look
at that glide everything's a toy for
dogs today
this is that's pretty cool it is a link
plush awesome is this now oh it looks
like a mousepad a Legend of Zelda maybe
not Legend of Zelda but it looks sort of
like the you know the old legend is of a
map or something but it's like it's like
a mousepad
I'm actually uses okay we have this
pac-man thing um it's a keychain I don't
know what it does but it's a pac-man
keychain next we have this
box let's try to figure out what's
inside this thing we looking for Clyde
somehow just had to open the box now it
seems inside this oh it's a coffee table
okay it looks like Starbucks but it is a
starfox coffee cup
look at that Clyde so it looks like the
Starbucks logo but it's starfox that's
pretty cool we think Bo okay here's the
shark I do not know what this is um the
tag will say no so I don't know what
this is if you guys know what kind of
shirt this is post a link below and I'll
check it out I do not know what I'm
looking at though so anyway that is the
arcade block we got this some sort of
gaming shirt I assume because it's
arcade block the link plush the pac-man
keychain the mousepad and the Star Fox
coffee cup pretty awesome as the good
one so a few minutes after I did the
arcade blog there was a knock at the
door and I got what I've been waiting
for all week I told you guys I was
looking for a new one you can see in the
title of the video that I got it new TV
and it just got here and here it is it
is a 65 inch samsung ultra HD smart TV
and this thing is in 4k Ultra HD
depending on what you've got to film in
Ultra HD this is house of cards it is on
Netflix and I do believe that it's
presented in Ultra HD because the
picture is freakin beautiful I hope it
holds up as well the picture when I'm
showing it on the on the video camera
also a new entertainment center so new
TV new entertainment center just got
here let's check this thing out first of
all just show the side view cuff in this
thing is so there it is so we've got
apps let's take a look at the menu of
apps we got all this Netflix Amazon Hulu
HBO GO it's got 3d Fandango can i order
tickets right here on the TV any way I
can
download apps it's really awesome I hope
it shows you know you can really get an
idea of how big it is from the video let
me see here
can you tell I don't know it's big it's
huge
thumbnail time so anyway new TB think oh
boys got a new TV magazine you did it
I didn't there Jamie you got it put on
Twitter I did not give it a show Twitter
no there my boy would never sell me out
my boy would never give my number out my
boy doesn't get it laiá laiá i monk
I'm doing it now then I get in touch
with a young yeah man well B did you
going so give me your hoodie what why
I'm cold so right now I'm a Grandpa's
house oh my god I walk outside so genius
so are you it was my idea I posted dad's
number on Twitter for people to call you
still me to a per to us this is the
prank that I needed you guys help with
and right now dad is on the phone I'm
over here recording it people keep
spilling the beans on me pickle boy
you'll eat your number and I'm just an
ion that my dad it wasn't me and he
believes it yeah we wouldn't do such a
thing man yeah I was getting that way
somebody has changed his voicemail
message Oh a minute ago before it was
you've reached the voicemail box for
Charlie green and then it got changed to
some shit like oh you've reached the
voicemail box for Gina's vagina spider
crusty-ass yeah
so people change the voice II's coming
okay first things first
do not listen to the things that people
are saying when they call people telling
me that you set this shit up how do you
know
didn't do it oh yeah I can't believe
that I know I'm a genius
but genius and what I'm not that smart
here's my question what the hell is that
oh my god I'm working on getting a
number changed do it quick all right I'm
trying dad we don't know how to do it
you better figure out how to do it
okay you're gonna have to deal with it
tonight and you can't turn your phone on
the case I need you
Tina's here for you if you need a phone
call to call somebody okay
get out of here listen I hear you okay
my happiness a the night I think on
goddamned ain't happening
I go radish spots were you doing vasin I
hear your phone ringing in there so I am
checking out one of the people who
called grandpa hello hey this grandpa
what's going on Birnbaum yo Sonny
youngins do I really do tell you hey
grandpa
this whole point from our Florida yeah
how'd you get neither man somebody email
me this I was just trying to call you
back so that isn't upload somebody did
calling grandpa if you record if you
call him and you record it post it on
Twitter because I want to hear it that's
pretty awesome that's the only one I've
heard so far but I do think people are
tweeting me other videos but anyway I'm
going to get out of here the prank
continues tomorrow so we're gonna see
how dad measures up tomorrow this is
awesome finally got some revenge for
breaking my TV I think it's a really
good revenge uh people were saying you
know get them good I think this is good
this is going to drive him crazy all
night and I'm not going to tell
until tomorrow if I tell him tomorrow I
don't know we'll see really want to
thank all you guys for your help in the
prank you know can't do it without you
when we when I first posted the number
on Twitter his phone was just frying
dude he would answer a call and it would
hang up I'm sitting there watching it's
hilarious
he finally had to get he got a way to
fix it people were changing his
voicemail his mailbox was full awesome
this was awesome this is awesome this is
awesome I just said that a bunch of
times in a row but it is this is really
cool got my new TV boom got grandpa
getting pranked boom got it
camera setup recording them if the
cameras aren't recording because I don't
know how to use them I'm going to be
furious
anyway awesome so thanks for watching
you guys I'm going to jump out of here I
mean try to call grandpa myself see if I
can get through new voicemail and it's
full tomorrow night grandpa has a radio
show shut the fuck up and listen angry
grandpa radio with Isaac the link for
that is below his number is still going
to be the same so if you want to call
during the show and you want to hear it
happen what can I do call it during the
show tomorrow night and you will hear
grandpa get his phone calls live on the
air keep it up you guys are doing
awesome dad
you should not have destroyed by TV this
is what happens anyway I'm going to get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite and that's it
