what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here it doesÂ´t here she's right
there and today we're gonna do sink
right Doug that's right when the process
of getting a new seat because something
happened to the other one and then
Bridget broke it and today after that
we're gonna go shopping for a TV cuz I
need one underneath TV where are the
money I'm getting a TV when I get paid
so help will you join us won't you
how's that sound thanks Doug
he's for the support so Doug's in the
process of installing us a new sink
yesterday was your birthday
today's the day you work yep happy work
day yeah the sucks so what happened to
the old sink
Bridget broke it oh no no it was leaking
Bridget broke it and I think it was like
old and moldy
Bridget broke it nice job Bridget so
here is the remnants of the old one
heavier than I thought it was my dad's
washing his hands with pepper yeah what
a sight isn't like cleaning supplies yes
you know we got soap right there yep
yeah dad the house let me show you what
little nails is for
so this is our new sink I liked it yeah
me too this is what it looks like under
c11 brushes you have entirely too much
cleaning supplies Amira shut up you
don't clean okay
so you don't know ID I need this stuff
why he this is for pet stains okay why
do we need to wind eggs for glass and
then this is like refill refill so then
why would you need to if you got refills
because that one thanks and make no good
aka
you bought one forgot you had it you
bought another one yeah
no regular Windex smells really good
Walmart smells really gross so why do we
have a bunch of those out cuz I always I
don't know no yeah yeah starting or fall
apart isn't it we got too much we got
too much carpet cleaner let me tell you
oh my god two of those are bleaches but
looks like a box of donuts is man oh man
interested yeah well thanks for the
think Doug turned out good yes long as
your cleanup person cleans up and she
doesn't mix it leak hopefully it won't
leak we think about the new sink
Bridgette holler
assimilation no cuz you know you wash
your hands of bleach no here I have to
get this Oh Michael figure on junkyard
dog well I guess that's the police we
should target
next up TVs why even love oh I like this
one that one I don't trust Vizio oh the
show with vizio this the Lebanese fall
with it for say I just don't trust
like a Samsung or a Sony Oh
this was nice a smaller
we need 6570 let's check it out I'll
read about any leaders let's get out of
here I'm gonna go wrestle I could get
one of these guys pretender rustlers I
did need a team I speak Spanish I like
that one
that's one right there yeah that's nice
too bad we can't afford it
don't watch me let's go check out I got
you some extra baby wipes yeah guys the
health is burning out well
well I'm back home and I didn't get a TV
but I do have this that I wanted to show
you guys Doug actually got this for me
hit Michael does usually got this for me
today he said he got it for me for
Christmas and he never gave it to me he
forgot and he brought it today and this
is how it looks like a camera if
somebody's going to use the bathroom in
here they're gonna be like what the hell
are they watching us for this is not a
camera it is a nightlight and the way it
works is right now it's not turned on
with a second to light turns off
it cuts on and of course it's even
cooler because yay it makes its pacing
in here on off so that's pretty cool
thanks for this thing Doug looks like a
freakin blue Pokemon ball but check that
I really think it's neat though we have
to we have this one and we have one for
the other room I'm going to try to
record the dog's reaction to it because
a minute ago we plugged it in and they
sort of flip it out but now that they've
seen that I don't know if they're gonna
flip out again but I'm gonna try and it
might be hard to film but I'm gonna do
it
okay you ready Bridget that's when we
facing that boob is that okay yeah don't
want to face in that
so anyway that's going to be a fair
today you guys everybody's asleep it's
just me it is 12:30 at midnight pretty
light so I'm gonna go I'm going to try
to put all these things back under to
the sink but thank you for watching look
for a TV didn't find one uh we're gonna
check other places I was gonna say
Circuit City but I think that we went
out of business like years ago gonna
check out Kmart Best Buy pawnshops
go check out everywhere to get a new TV
I am getting used to having that TV in
here so maybe I won't even get one but
you know I Bridget does like having the
TV upstairs and having one downstairs so
I am gonna look Dilys see if I can get a
new TV gotta wait till I get paid uh I
made a mistake
I thought Wrestlemania was in San
Francisco and it's not it's in Santa
Clara and I thought this whole time that
Santa Clara in San Francisco we're
pretty much the same area and as it
turns out one is like an hour and a half
away from the other one which means I
have to rebook all my stuff uh I messed
up
um crap that sucks so I'm not going to
San Francisco I'm going to Santa Clara
so I don't know I don't know what's in
Santa Clara it's over there by San Jose
uh I was wrong I booked the wrong stuff
so anyway that sucks
gonna have to redo all that tomorrow so
no I'm not going to San Francisco we're
going to Santa Clara or I up because
nobody else is going with me so anyway
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite and that's it
