what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here Bridget west is right there
and today his Monday don't worry about
that behind me
tomorrow is bridges dad's birthday and
he's coming over tomorrow for his
presence somebody sent me an ID on
Twitter and I'm gonna do it they told me
that I should reenact
when Grandpa came and destroy the TV be
and I didn't get it on video I think
it's a good idea I'm going to reenact
the destruction of the TV video in just
a few minutes first I got a horror block
I'm going to open that
then we're gonna reenact the TV video so
here we go let's get this Monday started
TV reenactment as I live and breathe I
like that
come on come on stop I'll go in horror
block that was a bad one actually oh I
got myself a horrible loss finally for
the first time I don't know what
happened I should be the one opening
this since I'm such a fan of these I'm a
bigger fan and now this is a heavy one I
feel it's my box oh come on good Michael
take a joke hello will Bella she's like
I know what not to do with this box I
don't know what is it
this box is spooky oh okay here yeah
sure right off the bat there's a shirt
we'll sit it over here
oh I love horror walk I can already tell
us good one so first thing we get is
another snap watch says he's watching
you some sort of spooky snap watch I'm
about to put that on looks like this is
I don't know what this is it's like a
little barrel with like liquid and like
a zombie in it or something oh my god
it's so cool it's slime
George I think your mucus plug bro okay
ah now now this is repulsive it was dog
segue from pith
that's why look do that yeah it's your
mucus plug the come back out you asshole
yeah I could use this to puke puke oh oh
back up dogs I'm afraid they gonna try
eat as I put it up I want to play with
this if it'll drop the dogs leave it I'm
gonna use this on dad I'm gonna cute one
with this hmm okay there's a book it's
called fitting from Kelly Armstrong it's
an entire book
that's not vampire smart sexy and
supernatural meet the women of the other
world there's something you might want
to read as always room work magazine
gimme you don't care I do just get a
little flip through this always I love
the room art magazines no Halloween
stuff me too why are you doing this
right now here comes some some stuffed
animal what the hell is this thing
yeah clothes like what is that thing get
out of happen that is bizarre
it is a Bride of Frankenstein jerk oh
nice so that British work is I'm not
wearing my pillow my ID there makes me
think this is a female box Ted because
of the female book and the female shirt
but it is awesome this thing is sick and
I love this so much I'm using this to
print dad booth for the reenactment
I'm gonna bring the other TV and
understand hit it Oh God
let's just move this aside is it safe
here the links all go through for you
guys all right from your little guy
little guy
I'm your big boy god this makes you
realize just how much smaller that is
okay
so Bridget and I were sitting on the
couch
dad knocks I go to the door I get them
and he just comes into like a bad a help
I'm over there he's coming right to the
TV
Bridget comes away time I come running
in I get in front of my know what he's
doing
blocking them here's the scene so you've
got dad came in I'm out of breath moving
the TV by the way give me a minute
whoa what are you doing dad yes I'm a
bitch
you told me you get my goddamn Facebook
back
you deactivated the face but what am I
supposed to do seriously what am I
supposed to do you deactivated it I was
trying to find out you motherfucker you
told me a week ago you get my goddamn
facebook back I'm trying you don't even
know the password that could you check
the motherfucker up get my billet damn
Facebook back what is your problem I'm
sick of this shit back up dude you tell
me to back up motherfucker I'll smash
that motherfucker and I'll call the cops
back up you know what the problem is
you're too busy watching this goddamn TV
we get it forget it
I want to get another wife is a mad can
I do it give it a whack now at this
point when he hits it the first time a
TV was going and the freaking thing just
flashed he went and then fucking went
then he slams this down her your
motherfucker
oh it falls and as you can see the debts
on the back of it
oh look yet you see hammer spots move
back he just starts going to town and
he's beating on it and he throws it in
the kitchen and there's a little mark on
our floor is there
oh goodness right there yep right there
so he hits it it was sliding across for
he acts like he's leaving uh he actually
at this point grabs this one I said what
are you doing I'm gonna pick it up for
you I'm gonna pick it up for ya
hits it again hit falls put his more
over here he falls at the one point I
run down pick up the ps4 unhook the
wires will you go ahead motherfucker and
he slams it down and he leaves and that
is the reenactment of the TV video how'd
I do
good let me give it one whack me til so
there it was the reenactment of that TV
oh I got ya stop it the Bridgette stop
it okay okay I'm done
I'm freaking moving this thing out of
the way from you for concerning it away
from me it's all we have right now oh my
god
this does know how TV this is time to
get you beat up
vacuuming up the glass from breaking the
TV for the second time do come on you
keep going with my feet
okay what do I got to stand here I'll be
here so right now we are vacuuming up
the glass from the bro
okay
perfect
sitting here with Bella watching Monday
Night Raw what'd you think girl oh you
changed it both huh
he changed the channel on me yeah you
see that card I could do that
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys just chill rubella and claude and
felix watching raw lazy is with Brigitte
as he usually is because I dog hates me
so anyway that's gonna be it for today
that was my reenactment of what happened
to the television hope you guys liked it
we're gonna go looking for a new TV soon
sometime this week smack that like
button if you want me to prank grandpa
with that goo also one of the main
reasons I wanted to talk to you my wink
for Twitter is below uh click on it and
follow me because this week I'm going to
have you guys help me prank grandpa this
is not just a solo effort this time
we're all going to prank him mostly you
I need your help so follow me on Twitter
sometime this week I'm going to send out
a tweet with what you can do to help me
prank grandpa and it's gonna be a lot of
fun so just follow me on twitter the
link is below and this week look for the
tweet that's gonna be it for today you
guys you excited about that Bella you
trying to change the channel
did you up to nothing she's stoned face
dude she doesn't move so anyway that's
gonna be a fir day you guys follow me on
Twitter like subscribe favorite and
that's it
we heard my Hannah water
okay I think I got a little bit better
so we got grandpa a lot of ways of
getting mother money
