what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here do you remember your name
you sad one do the intro insane we don't
give up do we oh he wouldn't want us to
give up he wouldn't want us to cry he's
probably pissed right now
hard they did Hey
sure okay what's going on you guys keep
me out of camera here for Joe us here
right there and today is Wednesday today
is Wednesday and you guys are probably
wondering why I have been showing so
much you know first day I showed me
talking to the boys breaking the news to
them about grandpa and you know I
decided to show us holding each other
crying and the reason I'm doing that is
because we get a lot of messages from
people that say that we were able to
help them somehow and if watching us
grieve and go through the most horrible
part of our lives can help anybody
then it'll it would have been worth it
so guys today's Wednesday today it's not
any easier today we got a shop for urns
today is not gonna be a fun day
I love you
guys this is the hardest thing we've
ever gone through I feel like I'm out of
tears at this point I've cried so much
oh yeah it comes and goes it's so weird
guys it comes in waves one minute I'm
like this is good and then the next
minute I'm like is the worst thing I've
ever done yeah today's Wednesday
we got a shop for her Oh crying no you
don't we show everything and if you got
a cry you got a cry cuz if you you don't
cry
then it'll faster that's true you can't
swallow that you gotta let it out let's
get this vlog started I feel so bad for
you Michael I don't get better quick I
know you do did you shake it it doesn't
make a difference it makes a huge
difference
the real world it really does though
which is like more mediciney I'm gonna
release if it doesn't it means it's like
hey you're right don't even say shake I
bet it says shake well it doesn't waste
my time he's probably all foam now see
if I was a little Wayne I'd be pouring
over ice cubes what is with you in
Lowell Wayne you know I forgot you as a
person he drinks proven all-pro phenol
what is he treats coughs ah you did it
yeah I'm stuck this way help Oh Michael
team sauce coming tomorrow
damn drops is coming tomorrow if I don't
get better by then I can't hang out Oh
Michael building out this friends it's
you sig take my challenge on come on
105 whatever
aah Oh 99 what's that mean
99.1 and that means what it means to
have a really bad fever I hear the girls
are getting punished upstairs I think
please be 500 will be that happening
right now for your timber to us 500 I'd
be dead
show me it's 105 it was okay 97 it was
100 earlier I took actual than 99 is bad
okay you have a really bad feet
baby fever down bro my doll this is the
only way it's a deadly fever we need to
put you in an ice-cold shower actually
this is how they used to do it back in
the Little House on the Prairie days oh
my you're me he's just a mess they're
like dude it's your little joke worth it
oh I feel better though
no I'm kidding 99 is all right is it I
mean it's a touch hype it's not like
deadly or anything help me
oh man this is that cold outside just
now oh Michael your veins are popping
out my hand yeah pull my fields coming
out oh my gosh
haha
look guys I know I told you that we're
not
I dropped it hold on take it up you're
making a mess dude you think you like
the biggest mess ever give me a second
hey no big elevator eyes cuz I know we
said we're gonna be dieting but look the
deal is I think you should get some
pizza I'm gonna die this is really hard
right now box them wait guys it's it's
really hard
what what's wrong with your hand
it hurts let's shake my hand bro so
dirty I think you should wash your hands
rights aren't her breaking I'm good if
you've not yet seen it you guys
yesterday we uploaded a tribute video to
angry grandpa my friend AJ made it for
me AJ I actually hired to do most of the
work on the Hammond hustle website with
Paul him and I hired him and he's a
really great you know videographer right
and video editor excuse my cold you guys
I asked him to come up with a tribute
video warming and the one he came up
with was soul-crushing so if you haven't
seen it check it out if you're wondering
the song and the video is grandpa
singing the most sensible thing which
was a Waylon Jennings cover and he wrote
it about me we didn't write it about me
saying it about me dad I love you so
much
when we doing this out or just a minute
I love you dad I'm trying to get better
at this but I don't want you to think
I'm ever gonna forget you because I'm
not how are you doing so he comes in
waves you know like part of the day I
was like occupied and then just hit yes
that's what happened
I haven't even watched the tribute video
second time I can't you know I watched
it the first time not expecting how
heart crushing it would be it when he
sent me the video on a hit play and I
heard grandpa song playing was like nope
this is going to rip my heart out and it
did AG a such a good job dude you know
I'm really proud of all the progress
you've made and yeah dad I love you
outro what's going on you guys get
behind the camera here again now I
realized in the last scene I told you
guys that we're gonna be doing the outro
but we forgot we never did the outro we
totally forgot so guys we're gonna do a
little more life before we end this vlog
we got some very personal
never-before-seen pictures that even I
haven't seen of grandpa let's go check
these out guys
the day continues this is really
seriously Wow thank you for sending us
these you guys guys we just got sent
some really old pictures that I've never
seen before of dad and me and Kim from
way back in the day and it is Wow it's
bringing up so many loving memory reason
this is just that's just incredible that
was when they just started their lawn
mower business together oh wow that's
right small engine repairs that it
wasn't just lawn mowers yeah dad and the
family friends okay we'll start a lot
more business cuz why not cuz dad's done
every other kind of business you name he
already had a snack bar at the flea
market so here they are celebrating
probably a glass of tea that was
he always drink too look how look how
heavy dad I know different
Mike and that was what June 30th 2001
Wow
celebrating the lawnmower shop that
thing didn't last very long
no it was a total fail 10 work oh wow
this was guys I told you how many times
that dad had a little snack bar at the
flea market
this is it that's the snack bar at the
flea market and you look at the picture
they are able corner I don't know what
I'm doing
you're eating something er I've got my
back I'm talking to the guy across the
table from me and in the side Wow and
that's mom I think sitting next to me
yeah look at that so Oh mom look so
strange that picture oh that's crazy and
uh all I can think about is the hot dogs
dad makes him good at hot dogs dad make
some hot dogs at that snack bar you guys
that was so good the chili recipe what
do you know a gas station it was was a
little cricket yeah that was it little
curricular filling you know one of the
guys who represents a little cricket
came up to dad and asked to buy his
chili recipe and dad didn't sell dude
but I don't think dad even knew the
recipe
no he just kind of good his own stuff
and but it always tasted the same and it
was always delicious and it wasn't
really it was more of a sauce like a
cheese sauce yeah I put it a bit so
really I can't tell it to top mine and
inside of that I don't know there is no
red poppy last picture oh my god before
I show you this picture you guys wow
this is me Kim and dad I had been that
was 2001 and I was about 15 so it's
probably 13 yeah oh wow look at that you
guys dad is just done yeah don't do the
picture of me Oh ty it is leave me I'm
wearing Maryland man
I remember when I bought that shot I
went to the mall and dad's I oh you
could pick a brief Jerry and so I picked
out three shirts on Hot Topic one of
them was Marilyn Manson and when I came
home with it that was that oh no in my
house that Devil work to be done uh yeah
dad was really big into Christianity
back then you guys and he hated Marilyn
Manson because of a music video
performance of the MTV Movie Award or
musical arts
he was like Chris Rock was the host you
can look it up on Google he was like why
do you want to go to heaven when it's
filled with a bunch up and dad was like
get every man's to post that in his
house I never want to see him again you
know as things worked out loves mental
minutes an hour he did love real Manson
we were actually talking to Shooter
Jennings about doing something with
Marilyn Manson I never got to happen but
wow that is a good picture you guys
we're just sitting here reminiscing
talking about everything and that was
life then you know yeah we forget days
hanging out after we got done selling
sitting there eating our profits
subsection we might we might not have
paid for that I guarantee we did it
dad's special price yeah our family
worked at substation junior cousin Jason
and we would call him hey we family
discount right which means dad slips 20
bucks and you're the hundred olive with
the souls
he's a music yeah I got you buddy oh
that was great though that's what we did
after we got everything packed up we
used to sit around and eat and talk and
that's an exact I've never seen these
pictures together and I'm so happy to
have them I'll turn them all towards yes
ask her if she can make copies because
these are pictures of pictures
oh that's sure maybe she can make some
copies of them will pair you don't mean
that
and I told Jennifer to ask if you had
any more that'd be great
oh I love pictures and obviously give
them to you because you keep them so
that's good that's awesome
I'm so happy to have this the hardest
part about having pictures in this
family is when mom goes near them
because mom has a habit of making like
montages I guess you would say just she
cuts up all the pictures along a collage
a montage embarrassed but anyway to make
a collage and she would never make
copies of the pictures she always cut
the originals like what are you doing
we use our pictures but I'm so happy to
have these though especially like yeah
you know they're one of the rest from
Russia I just can't even Wow I told you
guys a little flea market snack bar and
to see it so we're spending so much of
our time when we dropped out of school
that's a guy I think that's for Dad I
think that's for mom what is it that box
that is true and what's up with your
hair we did home haircuts okay so dad in
this picture man I have no clue I wonder
if you got wrestlers or something after
the flea market maybe you're looking at
that could be what it is it feels like
that is what it is yeah yeah you know I
think I remember the day I feel like
someone had breasts look I'll take the
box I almost feel like that's what it is
I'm putting wrestle with the flea market
oh man there's always play with
wrestlers anyway your entire right just
sitting you know reminiscing you guys
talking about stories with dad from you
know talking about the cladogram
business work Tim's going through
people's stuff at their office dressed
up like a clown to me dressing up like a
clown a birthday party looking like John
Wayne Gacy like dad has had us do a lot
of stuff
and we've always done it proudly oh yeah
we've always been happy to help like
going out to all the places waking up
early in the mornings every weekend like
we didn't hang out with friends we
didn't go to parties
we woke up every single weekend pack the
truck and or van and left to the flea
market we're always a tight-knit family
I don't think the whole family is like
we're always hustling together we had
friends but we didn't care there's a
whole time that I can't talk about into
this vlog with smack to like what if you
want to hear about when Dad was selling
a serrated material we could strike kids
talk about it cuz your kids are around
but yeah legend almost filled with boxes
of it smacked alike but if you want to
hear the story maybe we'll do it on
Kim's chat Oh we'll talk about it that
was a crazy yeah this one's up well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching
had a lot of you know good memories we
went over today I was a lot of fun it's
nice seeing this picture I really love
to see more pictures there's very few
pictures of me as a kid so I was you
know I'd do my hair oh man yeah I've
never had good hair you guys this is
this is my curse I got it from dad guys
we're getting out of here thanks for
watching doesn't matter right that's not
true
daddies have long like beautiful hair
when he was a kid you don't say so me so
frickin joke anyway I got horrible hair
guys thanks for watching dad I love you
today we're gonna have to do the hard
part and choose an urn so that's gonna
be tomorrow's vlog not looking forward
to this this sucks
that's this is the worst but guys thanks
for watching today Keane star gets here
game drops gets here and we start
preparing to say goodbye mmm-hmm
like subscribe favorite on everything
which is it
and that's it
