what's going on you guys QB an Academy
here and I have bad news and bad news
number one first bad news his grandpa
came over and he destroyed I was gonna
cuss he destroyed my TV I don't have a
TV anymore the worst news is we didn't
get him destroying the TV on video so
now I just have this a TV broken to
pieces uh with this thing yay thanks and
no video of it happening this sucks this
is this is freaking the worst of the
worst the reason we don't have a video
of the TV being destroyed is because he
stormed in here and he was bitching
about his facebook a week ago he
deactivated his Facebook account and he
did he was like trying to sign out or
something and he deactivated it instead
of signing out and he can't sign back in
and I'm trying to help him and he blamed
me and he came in here like a bat out of
hell and just started fucking yelling at
me and destroyed the TV and we didn't
get the camera bridgie couldn't find it
and we couldn't record it and I'm very
angry about it because at the very least
this sucks dude so he destroyed my TV
this was about an hour and a half ago
right now I've needed the hour and half
to calm down he left almost immediately
after I found the camera it was bit it
was fitting in this so the worst case
scenario was happened he's destroyed one
of my prized possessions and I didn't
even get into filming happening so I'm
very angry about that because usually if
he were to destroy something I can at
least show in the video back
now he'll just say I didn't do that oh
no I was amiss you did so now he has
plausible deniability this sucks
anyway he destroyed my TB and now I'm
gonna have to start moving it and
getting rid of the stuff dude you see
you austenite yeah
we have TB upstairs I guess that's easy
smaller of this what sucks I know right
hmm well better break this I don't want
to fucking to have a bigger mess this
should still plug good do it with the
caught fire yeah I like don't even want
to move the other TV down here because I
like to watch TV upstairs at night what
- hey don't fucking take this out on
where did you get this
don't blame me don't go right google or
not oh this is great
watch the picture
well picture huh that one thank you
personally for not getting him a film at
least the video you know I want to thank
you for letting your dad in here and
destroying her fucking televisual I get
in a fight about that now yeah you're
not you're not about to blame me for
this bullshit you do the back of it turn
the light off please I'm not helping you
with upstairs cuz that TV's white well
good go get it no what
hey there's look nice TV I just I wanted
up here dude the other TV is like this I
know dude let's just leave this freakin
thing I'm here then I'd like to watch
the get up seat fighting I don't want
watch it up here I mean I like this -
you do sort of 3d glasses for it I don't
know this scream don't feel right
no oh great wife is going splendid work
for me if I drop this TV I'm gonna be
really mad change oh my god I like hate
this right now oh dude I don't even want
to watch TV anymore and not even look at
that one oh my god
we're gonna we don't see fight I mean
it's a nice TV but oh my god come on
thanks Michael thank you what are you
thank you
you've yet explained what I did cuz I
let him in yeah why did you frickin let
him in cuz I didn't know you you know
I'm glad this little TV is down here
screw you I hope you can't even see the
fight it's crazy
they HD my wires aren't even stretching
right yeah they just go right to it
Oh No yeah the other one had to like
pull on it oh yeah just go right to it
no regional we don't have a remote for
real know what dude we don't frickin
have a damn remote
smash my foot okay I even cut my hand
while saving the ps4 lets show me that
Oh
what are you - no Michael so while he
was destroying the TV I had to grab my
ps4 and bring it into the kitchen
because he was going for that next so he
was going to destroy the TV and then the
ps4 and it's ridiculous
so ps4 saved TV not saved maybe we can
go check out a pawn shop yeah that's
where we got the other one yeah and it
was it was cheap and it was like new I
don't have as my paychecks man we had
way like over another week hmm
we had to deal with this for a week I
can ask to get my check early do that
well goodbye TV whoa you are a good one
you were a placement and grandpa broke
my other TV and now he's taking you out
to pasture too goodbye little barcode I
couldn't take it off back when I had a
take up now I never could get that thing
off
daddy Oh TV goodbye old TV hello new TV
so here it is and I don't want to sound
like I'm being ungrateful
that you know cuz you know some people
might say you know the people who don't
have TVs and I get that and I love this
TV dude
Stevie's awesome but I shouldn't have
had to replace it I'm sure you do this
cuz you watching upstairs it looks
you're used to it I'm a man and I need a
big TV so at least I got the UFC fighter
on the TV you know it does look little
I'm getting used to the little TV in
here so anyway that's gonna be it bad
day lost the TV didn't record the video
can't get much worse than that well I
guess it could I mean everything can get
worse can it but anyway thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite song on everything go ahead do
it all my links are below they are her
links are below
ah and that's it fucking purple yeah
those glasses are faulty take them back
studies my new fucking series is a perm
re it's fun glad you don't work we don't
need them they're fucking some pictures
of fucking in we don't need a man work
shit
