what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here here or fat fuck behind a
fuck hole yeah
hi I'm out I'm out of juice fat fuck you
Hannah fuck hole that was bad
come on what's under a demon Bridget
come on Michael pickle fuck behind a
diabetes here
so anyway pickle fuck Ghana diabetes
here it is Saturday and I wasn't feeling
well why I think with your burning
asshole burning asshole you're not
talking about that they don't know about
the burning assholes just those just
drop that so it's Saturday it's late
wasn't feeling well today
uh uh stop talking about stuff like that
project Michael don't talk about okay
nobody use wonder that okay here's the
deal
I think cuz I'm taking the z-pak mixed
with other medications that I have a
burning asshole and so Bridget has had
me rubbing this up into my whole life
why don't you just use this stuff I get
for my dog spit you so what even is this
I think it's for babies like their asses
my ass looks like the top of a cupcake a
chocolate cupcake I don't want to talk
about anymore stop it
yes it's true my assholes been burning
today it was burning yesterday when I
shit it's like I'm shitting lava I'm
like shitting I'm like oh it hurts the
shit I hate it
I'm hate the bridger brought it up uh
got a nerd block today let's change the
subject
no burning asshole here I got nerd block
camera from a dildo goddamn that's
really gonna say is that for birds
because of dildos no so anyway today I
wasn't ready for it I wasn't ready for
you redo so anyway today we're not ready
for it so anyway today I've got nerd
ball so anyway I got me an a nerd blog
so anyway Saturday got the nerd block
got my burning asshole today already
sucks I wasn't gonna do a vlog because
my barn house halls in the lay in bed
all day and it already did that I'm
getting Michael blanket cuz burnt
asshole hey okay so nerd block maybe
they got something to Eastburn assholes
assholes yell or something well it makes
you understand the carpet
hey you they're gonna think I'm naked oh
god boxers on the why not was that all
for okay nerd block we've got a shirt
blue not my color
IRA don't trust it Breaking Bad popped
oh I'll look at that in a minute that's
cool okay first thing I grabbed up nerd
play cards 10 exec exclusive cosplay
trading cards these are cosplay trading
cards I don't follow cosplay but I do
know what it is just cooling gel for an
asshole um shirt punch variant what the
fuck is that dude let's open this in a
look what am I looking at weird the fuck
okay we've got drum up some ideas two
pencils and erasers I guess like a
little drum kit for like pencils and
erasers
I got a bark asshole and it hurts real
bad it feels like lava
every time I take a crap Oh your says it
start off right now a Star Wars comic
book now I'm ready to see this this is
going to be last today cuz I knows me
better than a shark so oh sure
looks like a ice cream shirt or
something mama look hmm that's all I
need last sickle it's all I need Oh a
flash ice cream all I needs me the fat
guy wearing a flash ice-cream shirt oh
okay
and a Breaking Bad pop toy looks like
this is solved
oh that's relevant how cool is that
is it all bright cousin oh okay I see is
it yep it's good so it's all good man
yeah I think I just figured out what his
name means that's my nerd block for
today
sure rum cards this weird thing come on
hora block where are you yeah
hey feeling a bit girl Oh y'all hungry
oh so yesterday while Tina was here uh
when she first got to the house I was
actually on the phone with dad he was
dealing with Time Warner and I wish I
could have recorded the entire
conversation I didn't think about it dad
was being really nice and then he snack
on the lady and screamed at her and I
did get it home recording but you know
Jan this is just the scene I just got
that one like one green light yeah well
I know one green light breaking or any
of the connection again the server sexy
w not know we have a chance appointment
your family could you understand a word
he said at the end there huh could you
understand a word he said at the end I
know I God what would you did I recorded
it also replay it no yeah when I got
shut up bitch I know I tried I wish I
was recording it dude I better cut her
out I know dude you gotta heard you
swallow you I'm sorry
alright well is your bag going now
alright thank you buddy alright so it
was really funny the lady huh she was
like okay how many lights on your cable
modem now and I could hear dad here's
the same pocket and lady sir you don't
have to scream and dad goes I'm sorry he
apologized to Time Warner lady ain't got
fixed of course but I wish I could have
recorded the whole phone call cuz it was
crazy I lie that doesn't bode well for
my burn asshole Oh boom so Bridgette and
I've been watching house play it's a
pretty good show what do you think
though she loves got you glide for the
lobby's realize we don't care even a
Fenian
meanwhile life you don't work being
undone doing us leave me alone
a long problem isn't causing a loosening
yeah the one school we've never seen the
show before we've always heard about it
I just started watching it I think it's
pretty good recipe I want to play with
that buil well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching I had
me a burning Ring of Fire and it burns
burns burns it burns so anyway thanks
for watching you guys wish me luck
then my burning Ring of Fire goes away
because it sucks I hate having a burning
Ring of Fire so
I'm glad I have your support so thanks
for watching you guys okay keep on
laughing so keep laughing you're rubbing
the cream on my asshole next No
so anyway thanks for watching you guys
I'm gonna save this vlog and go to bed
like subscribe favorite and that's it
don't even do it though that's the thing
you don't want to do that they're not
below thanks for watching would you say
okay open it get up yeah oh yeah what is
it
Bella Bella
that's all the crap in here
Oh like I really need a fucking recess
Michael you're real fucking smart oh
well at least we get to good chocolate
those are the best oh just like my menu
sweet chocolate cookie dough
