what's going on you guys Oh clean-shaven
fat fucking on a dildo here from all
people just gave you a name clean-shaven
fat fuck behind a dildo
so clean-shaven fat fuck oh the sphere
tat tail no yes no that's gotta be it
that's that's the first thing we have
reached look here Michael we have
reached 900 thousand subscribers which
means we are a hundred thousand
subscribers away from getting tattoos
doing it are you in back it out yeah I
do Annette bridges doing it hey has no
kids
let me a thought of a cool idea for me
what a crown
Bridget you don't choose your own tattoo
so anyway nine hundred thousand
subscribers and your tattoo I'm gonna
pick is gonna be pickled a dad she is my
tattoo well he's gonna choose pickle
dick Madeline cheese pickle day right
here welcome you can't and can't do
faces we can't do it here my heart my
heart's pickled egg no right here
god no it's like a pickled dick come on
yeah Oh God like a dick sitting in a
pickle jar that's pretty funny thank you
guys for helping us reach nine hundred
thousand subscribers that is absolutely
amazing oh my god I know
holy shit it's it's baffling so
seriously thank you guys and my channel
is about to reach 500,000 it's insane
man yeah high five okay you hurt me with
a high five
so I didn't do a vlog yesterday for two
reasons number one we had Bella's
appointment that she's supposed to get a
consultation for radiation that we
couldn't make and the reason we couldn't
make it is because I had a doctor's
appointment yesterday and I was getting
blood taken and I passed out like a
bitch and I don't mean like they took a
gallon from me and I'm like oh I'm
getting a little woozy I mean they stuck
the needle in my hand because I can't
they can't find a vein under my fattest
you know they're sending a look at Auto
theophane so they had to go through my
hand which was right there they had to
go through my hand and immediately I was
oh shit
passed out it was so scary looking he
was like like I knew I have always had
trouble giving blood when I had to get
my gallbladder surgery Oh God I'm sorry
Michael I laugh at you oh the doctor
pricked me with the needle to give me
blood I'm like I need a trash can I shit
I farted so I do not have a very good
history with giving blood so yesterday
the second it went in my hand like okay
I'm okay I'm okay and then I started to
feel like Owen over me was it go not
okay look could you give me the trash
can and I was huddling on the trash can
and the next thing you know I wake up
I'm on my back my feet are in the air
and bridges like are you okay Michael
and I still can't hear it's like you
know so what like what happened yeah
your face was a Shamus so we rescheduled
the appointment for this week I don't
know what I had like something to say
away I don't know you reschedule the
appointment today is throwback Thursday
which means I'm gonna have another story
Freud you're not sore for four you know
I have a story for you tonight what kind
of story I don't know yet cette femme oh
so she's like I don't think so my fine
fellas want to talk to you yeah you look
over here how you feeling Oh mess up
right god Oh something oh no
well we are sitting here at a Japanese
I'm whispering because I don't want to
alert people or at a Japanese Steakhouse
right now having a Samba lunch and I
hate being shaved it's got to grow back
soon so what is everybody thinking so my
mom ordered some sushi it's pretty good
if it does my dog doesn't to me are you
to try it it's really good
damn it suicide the neat sushi hold it a
little higher it's not wrong that's the
thing it's good yeah I like seafood
that's true I mean it doesn't crash so
if I don't like seafood why would I like
that role just controlled and rice this
is well you can get one without
something you can get it with this like
this then I'm just eating rice with
white sauce you're probably very chicken
in there oh really
I don't know maybe I don't know that's
pretty cool okay Cindi doesn't have
these chopsticks so they don't have
someone on the phone for 20 years
good fine this way much more piece of
the vlog in a home is it unless you
poked it look into it if I use my
fingers
yeah what is this thing
it's ginger and wasabi so this is a
Boches so much oh my goodness how about
your chicken British guy children steak
and lobster I was like thinking in this
lobster is it good so bad well that's
what you were thinking and scallops
taking sure that was everybody station
oh hey Belle how you doing I was going
to come out here and join you and look
at the pretty Sun and chilled lazy and
Clyde and have a good time outside but
it's too cold
bye Bridget hey you guys come inside
soon okay cuz it's too cold for me to go
out I'm gonna vlog outside but I can't
do it so here I am whining oh my god
it's too cold to go outside
um it is 48 degrees outside right now
meanwhile my sister just texted me a
picture from her yard so here I am
oh it's too cold it's not warm enough
for me to go outside and sit in the Sun
when me
she literally can't go up as an icicle I
didn't even notice that she can't go
outside these Valentine's Day balloons
have just about reached their end
what do you say Bridget just saying
they're almost dead look at this
barely no bells a give them to me you
guys whoa I'm expect dad can you get it
Bella young one-shot it oh my goodness
oh my god I'm sorry Bridget
oh right they get it alright so the
reason that I wanted to come out here is
for one to experience the cold it's now
dropped to 30 degrees it was 50 it was
48 degrees when I was in the kitchen a
minute ago now it is frickin 34 degrees
and it's cold I wanted to experience the
cold because I wanted to tell a story
about the coldest time of our lives
this was probably the worst we had ever
had it in terms of being cold and
horribly angry depressed it was a
horrible time in our lives this is about
the snowstorm of 2003 so we lived in
Columbia at the time this was 2003 and
at the time you know they never really
snowed it would snow once in a blue moon
every couple of years I think before
that it's snowed in 2000 so three years
later it would snowed again ah but the
thing about Columbia when it snowed we
didn't get like New York snow where it
would snow and we fluffy and we have a
good time we get the kind of snow or day
one it's really amazing
and by day three its molded into a block
of ice that won't go away so the news is
warning us we are getting a blizzard the
blizzard of 2003 and it fucking came hey
we got a blizzard dad went out and he
bought a generator so we could still
have power and we had an epic snowstorm
now it's so much snow coming down that
we lose power almost instantly and
that's the way it is in South Carolina
because we're not prepared for
snowstorms like places like New York
like if I'm not mistaken I believe the
power lines are underground while ours
you know all right there so you know the
slightest disturbance and we don't got
power now the generator wasn't powerful
enough to run the actual stove so we had
our kitchen table in the middle of the
living room floor and we had these
appliances set up on it you know like a
flattop cooker
electronic deep fat fryer stuff like
that bread makers so we could cook our
own food without running the power from
the house now by the time day three
comes we're tired of the snow we're
miserable the power is not back on yet
the snow has turned from snow we can
play in in two clumps of ice that we
can't do anything with and we are just
miserable
my aunt Charlene and her family my
cousin Jason and Cherie they decided to
come to our house because we had the
generator and we had heaters that we
were able to use and they didn't have
any power but they left a few hours
later because the house was so
disgusting to paint the picture for you
everybody's huddling blankets in the
living room the food is rotting on the
table because we're not cleaning up
after ourselves because nobody wants to
do anything because it's freezing the
roaches are coming out and falling on
people there's not workable bathrooms so
people are using the bathroom in the
woods and dad's pee and God knows where
and pots and on piles of clothes so aunt
Charlene and her family dip out they go
back to their house where they freeze
because they would rather freeze than be
in the house with us where it stinks and
is disgusting and I don't blame them and
this is the life that we're living for
two weeks we're talking about two weeks
without power two weeks up without
taking baths two weeks without using the
bathroom in the toilet we're talking
about two weeks of misery the by the end
of two weeks the generator is out of gas
and dad doesn't have any more to get and
the gas stations are closed because
nobody can get to him and it was
horrible so we had to drive from
Columbia to Charleston just to see our
family in Charleston so we can wash our
clothes we we were disgusting we were
filthy it was two weeks trees were
snapped there was no power and it was
distinct iasts most disgusting time of
our entire lives
I even think at one point dad took a
shit in a giant chili pot and tried to
dump it off the back door that's how
horrible it was dad is in the laundry
room shitting in a pot so that's how bad
it got for us so that's the story I
wanted to tell how we went two weeks
without power
covered in snow that wouldn't melt two
weeks later the snow was still there
because it wouldn't melt the snow wasn't
the snow the Sun wasn't coming out Sun
didn't come out tomorrow Annie we were
fucked so you know obviously the Sun was
out but I was it warm enough to melt the
snow so we're stuck in this fucking
hellhole until we finally came to
Charleston and waited out the storm
miserable time so no matter how cold I
am it could get a little colder but
there are parts of the country right now
freezing and you know snow mounting on
the roofs and it's leaking in and you
guys stay fucking safe because this is
ridiculous
you guys got to take care of each other
man cuz it's dangerous out there right
now
so that's it for today I just wanted to
tell that story there's probably stuff
I'm left out because there was so much
that happened in those two weeks if I
think about it I'll talk about it on the
next door back Thursday a lot of stuff
happened oh so thanks for watching you
guys uh thank you for getting us to nine
hundred thousand subscribers 1 million
here we come Wow thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite and that's it
you bring candid people if deke you baby
got fuck fuck yeah baby we go fun I
ain't got nobody back goddamn man fuck
you
