what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here in 420 I don't smoke pot
with my credit score that's what my
shirt says if super-funny fell anyway
anyway I don't know why I kept it the
boys for so long
it's Monday how house I see how ready
it's Monday Monday Monday Monday which
means wrestling comes on tonight which
means we're catching up or which means
better call Saul comes on tonight and
that show is fucking awesome I didn't
upload a vlog yesterday because we had
an appointment for Bella we're getting
some test results back within the next
few hours
worried fingers crossed
we're worried but should be good so
sitting here with Bella are you doing
girl
you're good they take a lot of blood
this poor little dog's been poked with
needles and blood drained from her
little body and we just want to know
something now that way
that way we're not so scared all the
time and worried for her and wondering
if she's in pain anyway today is Monday
and we're just chilling waiting for
wrestling to come on and that's pretty
much it what I doing nothing else we
tried to go back to see the Book of
Mormon yesterday but it was sold out how
depressing because that was such an
awesome show just chill when willing him
a little intro she always does that when
it's just me and her up just be up there
watching TV with me the other two don't
care they're just chilled together
saying fuck us but me and Bella
bestfriend us
so anyway getting our Monday started
grandpa's in a better mood today he had
nobody to fuck whatever he's in a better
mood today so I'm gonna call him I might
prank call I'm gonna prank call grandpa
maybe maybe not I might just call him
we'll see anyway we're getting on Monday
started this is super adorable right
here Bridget Bella has been sitting for
about 15 minutes just playing just
holding her little bear in her mouth
so precious let's look at her little
hand
looking pretty good her hands looking
good she's got a little bear she's
holding I did get a call today about it
wait um Bella super cute very okay what
happened you were just so sweet get away
from my elbow
well the Elven she loves so much is
trying to kill there's her Valentine oh
we see you the test is no Valentine she
never plays so this is always super cute
to see so being the son that I am I
decided not to prank call angry grandpa
and order him some Chinese food for
dinner to be nice because I'm a nice guy
I'm a nice son I want them to have some
Chinese so I ordered for them now I'm
gonna tell them hey what oh I love you
too I'll just calling to tell you order
some Chinese food for dinner yeah I
called a Wang Fong
would you know the difference if I told
you which one I called I order Chinese
charlie so you know exactly what I'm
talking about so so if I said I called
Wang Fong's you would know somebody else
well yeah I call Chinese Charlie oh well
I don't know what to tell you I don't
know who fu-manchu's but
they all got egg a roll well yeah I
ordered you some beef and mushroom and
some shrimp fried rice and some teriyaki
chicken and stuff
I appreciate Michael Holly's all of it
but least you're in a better mood
cuz you at cuz you got nobody fuck Oh
cuz ain't Valentine's Day hiya bud
what is it you know I don't understand
that why do you need somebody to fuck on
Valentine's Day one head is smarter than
the other one but they're both kind of
dumb the little head smarter oh man I
feel sorry for you
yeah that's why I call me prick in one
of dad got his Chinese Talia
oh that even a place know what he calls
it the Chinese Charlie one hung lo one
hung low all of bridgid
Belem Felix just chillin together on the
chair so she just hopped up there and
just started chillin with Felix so I had
to grab the camera and film this
well we just got the test results the
vet called us we got Bella's test
results in we were optimistic but it did
not turn out Bella has cancer and that
sucks to say out loud so they tested the
mass on her wrist and a few days later
they told us that they thought it might
have been cancer so we took it to a
specialist who did like a biopsy and
they were checking on it and stuff and
they confirmed that it was you know
today we found out yeah she has cancer
so she has the type of cancer that
they're not sure if it'll if it'll
spread to other parts of her body but it
will grow back right there and it can go
deeper into the tendons and muscles in
her legs and stuff so they are
recommending that we look into getting
radiation they said chemotherapy is also
an option but they said the most
effective might be the radiation so they
told us a place we have a point on
Wednesday where Bella's gonna is she
giving radiation Wednesday there's a
consultation we're getting a
consultation on Wednesday about
radiation for Bella so it was the worst
news is I mean the only positive news
about this is it's not fast spreading so
I mean the radiation should knock it out
you know the vet did say she'll probably
need like three to five treatments and
then it will probably not ever come back
so that's the bad news
um we were trying to hide it from being
said out loud cuz I don't wanna jinx it
everyone talked about it but she has
cancer so that's gonna be it for today
you guys um just gonna just gonna end
the vlog for today
we're just going to go cut the pizza
it's early or vlog than usual I'm just
going to go ahead and cut it off here
spend the rest of the day chillin with
Bella I'm watching better call Saul
thanks for watching you guys uh Bella
hope you feel better thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite nuts
