what's going on you guys can't be on the
camera here and Here I am on February
13th in the spot of the house that you
say I love the most
but corner of the kitchen because so
many of my vlog started off here and my
response is of course is my favorite
part of the house I'm fat so tomorrow is
Valentine's Day in tonight I decided a
surprise Bridget we were going to the
Coliseum to see the Book of Mormon
she's not home right now yes your scarf
I said look who's back in the vet
yeah what's the story the other stuff
pretty good we'll get results like
tomorrow so I was just talking to
Grandpa he's in a surprisingly good mood
today
hey buddy how you doing today my son so
Wow hell has frozen over
grandpa's just in a totally randomly
good mood so frigid outside right now
she doesn't know it tonight we are going
to the Book of Mormon
it's pretty crazy she took Bella to the
vet to get the stitches taken out and
get some more blood work done for next
week and I was telling you about the
Book of Mormon because she wasn't gonna
know and as I started talking about it
she walked in crazy
so anyway tonight I'm taking her to the
Book of Mormon it is a Broadway play
really looking forward to it it's a
Broadway play here in Charleston we're
not going to Broadway I don't know if
her flowers are coming today or not they
better I ordered him a month ago but
have to Valentine's Day Bridget even
those Friday the Friday 13th Felix I
wanted to tell few small supplies I have
to mom what a night they took on - lets
do the secret we're gonna book a Mormon
tonight let me you don't know what that
is happy Valentine's Day Bridget thanks
you're welcome and I got another
surprise tonight we're going to the Book
of Mormon really yep seems to think of
these yeah I know you don't like roses
do you think I love it oh I need that
Super Smash Brothers shirt so I can wear
to the Book of Mormon tonight oh happy I
love it yes I'm very happy thank you
well Bridget just got her Valentine's
Day stuff thank you
well this is not for you it's like an
unboxing of balance I say stuff guys plz
don't the baby candy cuz I know now the
comments candy everywhere okay you put
my fruit roll-ups yeah these are my foot
roll you bought new ones yes guys you
think I could open this it would be okay
okay these are great I mean I'm a little
problem wings boy they're great I leave
one after the other big our next hour
these people who don't know this is my
secret shame
dummies and fruit roll-ups I'm so
fucking oh there's so many still a
limits okay
snicker hearts
since what shirt or a hoodie yourself I
don't know what you're talking about
oh you've got my favorite one oh yes
this okay that's the best ever
yeah okay
this is totally like one of those kind
of days people are gonna get my favorite
180 Edward Tom do the magic trick okay
magic trick
guys it's time for me to put on my
edward thompson shirt wow it looks so
good on you always wanted that shirt
never got it oh yeah the other one I
loved you know my humor it's a football
this is totally my humor weird shit that
makes you look though fuck edward
thompson and football that's cool
someone else toke up pickleboy
4/20 and don't smoke pot that's my
credit yours more thoughtful of mine
mines mines just flowers and candy and
shit so we are at Staples now here to
print off my Book of Mormon tickets
hopefully nobody's offended by us going
to see the Book of Mormon people get
offended really easily so who knows oh
so it's Staples it's Louis computer to
exist did you want purpose cuz you pay
by the minute so I think you sure like
the first minute has spent the computer
loading day this is smart actually
system initialization oh you were not
being charged first time it's awesome
oh right staples are important well here
we are I am wearing my edward thompson
shirts and we are at the coliseum a
she's looking a homeless person bundled
up by a barrel like a barrel filled with
flames so here we are we're The Book of
Mormon is not here at the Coliseum
tonight the Book of Mormon is going to
be over here at the Performing Arts
Center
but we're parking a parking lot and
there are people like tailgating I
really hope there's like a hockey game
or something tonight so they're not
tailgating for Book of Mormon gonna mean
whoa good mornin so it should be a good
time
oh yeah somebody sent us these dog balls
this fan I gotta find the lid yeah I
don't know you don't know who sent it
there was no letter there was no note
but somebody sent us all this dog stuff
and it's really cool like I totally
appreciate it they need new balls and I
was so useless that's awesome so thank
you whoever sent us speaking of dogs
I've had a lot of people riding me
asking me where's Hannah
grandpa get rid of Hannah just admit it
well the first things first we didn't
get rid of Han second thing is she's at
my sister's house and the reason Hannah
is there is because before we went to
Philadelphia the trailer park grandpa
lives in said he can't have any
aggressive breeds
like Bulldogs not Bulldogs pit bulls
which Hannah is part pitbull so before
we went to Philadelphia
we gave hand it to my sister I'll hold
on to her until we can figure out what's
going on so dad's looking into it we're
figuring out when he can get her back
but that's where Hannah has been since
we got back from Philadelphia she's
super sweet and she sleeps with that and
Dow is pissed so good but that's that
part up that's when whether that's on
the list dude yeah if they tell Dad you
can't get Hannah back we look for a new
place we'll grant by the live tell you
guys right now
so chillin out chillin out maxin relaxin
all cool while shootin some b-ball
outside of the school huh I interacted
to again just show me an evergreen
trailer yeah hey that needs a new
trailer imagine that work over to Dad's
house to film all right dad we're here
okay this is like their goal in life to
touch the a burger you've never been so
close to one of these before
Wow they're just like I imagined they
would be Johnny uranium and covered in
rust dude imagine one of these Falls I
Maya and we're behind so magic dad lives
here hey Dad
open up or here no I don't they just put
this all dad's stuff he broke he threw
it outside well we are back in the car
because turns out we were in the wrong
parking lot we were parked at the North
Charleston Coliseum as I pointed out is
not going to be at the Coliseum it's
here at the Performing Arts Center which
has its own parking lot that's so funny
is now we're in c3 so here we are I'm a
zooming in the doors
we just got out of the Book of Mormon
that was good that was really good wow
that was so good Mike
okay I was expecting it to be really
good because the most huge Matt Matt
Matt Stone and Trey Parker fan and it
blew my expectations away if this thing
is in your area you absolutely have to
see it freaking awesome I bought the
tickets on StubHub today and the way it
looked
has said that there is an area in front
of where we were and then our seats so I
thought we were in a balcony we'd have
the first row like I guess the area in
front of me is where all the instruments
were being played so we are right there
in the front Wow amazing seriously if
this thing is in your area you have to
go see it if you're easily offended
don't go see it that's the thing don't
want see it if you get offended we
decided to hit up the merchandise let's
see here you simply won't believe how
much this bag will change your life
that's pretty cool the Book of Mormon
and it's full of stuff that we bought
with the tote bags were free they give
it to you for buying stuff so we got two
free tote bags let's see here
one hold this
I just want to show the stuff you guys
see here we got
will you open up that's my shirt a
planet Orlando sharks which is the
inside thing you got to see the play to
understand it clean in Orlando second is
the Book of Mormon Tour shirt and has
all the cities that it's at pretty
awesome you got a frog that we've
learned in the Book of Mormon that
Joseph Smith fucks to get rid of age
not really but of course the CD Book of
Mormon the CD and this is my favorite
things
oh no we also got magnet is going on our
fridge and my favorite thing which is
just the tire thing about the Book of
Mormon the making of it has all the
lyrics it has the script house pictures
is absolutely loaded it's so funny it's
so good that it makes me want to go to
Broadway to see the real thing you know
it was amazing I got to get man I'm I'm
star fucking won Matt Stone and Trey
Parker but I would suck their dicks if
they were in my way oh how you doing my
god I would well this was certainly a
good night right bridges it was like the
best video we've ever had and for real
flowers bear candies Book of Mormon
shirts what a great time I packed away
that Super Smash Brothers show that the
freaking like a moment I was really
happy we any guide so that's gonna be it
for today you guys love by edward
thompson shirt Thank You Bridget hope
all you guys are having a good
Valentine's Day even though it's Friday
the 13th Friday the 13th was not that
unlucky for us this year so had a great
time Book of Mormon had a good
Valentine's Day I'm glad Bridget was
happy with all of her stuff thank you so
much took that little two-minute trip
upstairs so anyway it was probably like
30 seconds thanks a lot we had the
commute took time two minutes thanks for
watching you guys great day hope you
guys had a great day like subscribe
favorite
farm and everything don't I take
everyone dude would you chill
