what's going on you guys Kibby on the
camera here and today it's throwback
Thursday which means there's a story
tonight
haven't had a story in a little bit we
got a story for throwback Thursday
tonight going to be told and talked
about by Grandpa in Shooter Jennings
it's a video I recorded the other night
it's about the time grandpa had a big
thing against Marilyn Manson it was
crazy
he refused to let us listen to Marilyn
Manson in the house and it was that's
gonna be the story tonight I told it was
shooter and grandpa so I'm gonna use
that for the throwback Thursday story
hope you guys like it it grandpa was
nuts so that's the throwback Thursday
story for tonight as some of you guys
may have noticed and some of you pointed
out to me on Twitter there have been a
lack of vlogs lately that's the best way
to put it and the reason for that is
because we've been dealing with Bella
and I didn't want to take the cameras
with us while taking her to the vet and
giving tests on and stuff so we're going
to get some test results for that
probably tomorrow or the next day so
we'll be talking about that coming soon
we just want to don't want to jinx
anything we don't want talking about
anything so we're dealing with Bella
right now so that's why there's been a
lack of vlogs you know it's been it's
been sad when you know you know Bella
going through her health problems and
stuff so here's to changing that
hopefully more vlogs coming soon because
it's been a big you know it's been
really sad anyway
here we go we're getting I love Thursday
started throwback style not really
that's later but throwback Thursday hey
Clyde how you doing boy
you will go for a walk I'd how you
feeling today Belle that's why I get on
this chair
Haley move notebook for you ha there you
go
oh poor thing you okay
she almost fell hey you having ladies in
the winter Oh Liz you bothering hey
pretty girl yeah
how you feeling today huh good day is
looking better okay
took her to the vet they said the
decision looks good
weather is beautiful annabel
yeah I felt like spring ducks today
spring has sprung yeah and tonight is
gonna be 2827 no don't get down from
there buddy over here washing your chair
belly you smoker now why don't you stay
right here
Ellie builds it up smoking was
so we've got these two balloons right
here hanging to the ceiling and the dogs
keep trying to mess with them we move
this to the middle they're gonna get it
they're going nuts over these balloons
carry the Lebel I'm walking with a
little bull oh there it goes if I got it
Oh Valentine's Day balloon gone okay
let's check home bird established was
that crack always there there's a crack
when your tablet no oh it's broken
really yep yep there goes live from
whence you came
oh man I'm gonna whirl with is that the
bow is a perfect
okay I'm filming the balloon Zhu Ben I
am as far as I can go
my mom got me though look at this good
look oh it's super far away I'm still on
it is so funny
bye-bye balloon you were fun oh I
couldn't I didn't film it in time but
Bella took off running outside with the
balloon let it go and it floated away I
was able to get it floating away and
it's gone by balloon so the balloons
gone oh well anyway I'm gonna go ahead
and cut that throwback Thursday so right
now this is the story with Grandpa and
Shooter Jennings talking about Marilyn
Manson so what here we go this is the
grandpa Marilyn Manson story I didn't
really show this sure there's that on
that was it's a Super Smash Brothers in
the GTA Vice City style yeah I got it in
one of those loot crate's or one of
those crates I get anyway here's the
story check this out oh I wanted to talk
about something that we have shooter the
shooter you do thing with Marilyn Manson
right yeah like a CD or a toy out of it
yeah you don't want to talk about toy no
good to her oh no I almost were gonna do
a little bit of a tour together but I
but I couldn't really I couldn't pull
together to do it which is shitty but I
know yeah he's a friend of mine he say
he's singing on my upcoming record well
I have a very messy story with anger
grandpa that I haven't told before oh
man this is gonna be good hold on okay
this so it was the MTV Music Awards no I
think 95 yeah you know what happened
Jeff Allen mr. Chris Rock was yes yeah
and he came out at the end of the
Beautiful People yeah yeah so Marilyn
Manson comes out on stage and he says
why do you why do you want to go to
heaven when you die when the still with
a bunch of assholes dad takes a hammer
smashes the TV to pieces yep throws it
in the front yard goes into our bedroom
a rip
Marilyn Manson posters down and vows
that if we ever let's do it again we
have to leave the house and now guess
who I like melon melon esna I love him
he's a great dude Marilyn Manson came to
Columbia to play a concert and dad was
protesting the concert with a bunch of
the Christians so he had to leave
Columbia and cancel the concert
oh what a joke why would you do that I
don't know God hearted the crew that was
protesting yeah when he cancelled yes a
man my dad what is wrong with you music
uh yeah we have to get Manson to to have
an interaction with with I would love
that now I like it he's changed now dad
that sees the error of his way it's just
artistic freedom to express yeah yeah
yeah man he sure will cuz I wouldn't you
know I wasn't cool so like he was the
guy says it's cool not to be cool don't
worry you don't have to be like
everybody else that's what's but you
know he was our John Lennon and all that
for our area exactly yeah and it's he
and the parents getting mad about is
what we loved even more I know I fuckin
a know I guess yeah yo I'd aggravate the
fuck out us one time I did that uh that
Columbia House or whatever was like
twelve oh yeah once a hundred thousand
yeah he is for one dollar and so I did
that and I got to Marilyn Manson CDs he
opened the mail took the mansion CDs out
and smashed it with a hammer do a stone
imagine hater when I was a kid and I
bought he-man my mom is real religiously
man my mom would let me have anything
that had demon devil or snake in the
title so there's a there either I got
snake mountain I don't know why snake I
guess cuz the fucking Garden of Eden
that snake Mountain it had a big snake
on the top of it and she took fucking
gardening pliers or whatever and cut the
snake's head off and gave it back to me
and there was a there was a my dad
always told me his story he said because
there was one time he took me to Toys R
Us he said I could get a toy and I
wanted this character named para demon
that was part of the Justice the Justice
League or super powers was actually the
toy line he made it was I was all like
Batman and Superman all the DC Comics
kinda parademon was a bad job and I said
don't tell Mom and he's like cool and he
was the it wasn't he was doing it isn't
it experiment he want to see how long
that hole
out on my mom I was like six you know
and so after about a week I was like I
think we gotta tell her you know and
he's like okay so you told her and this
is my mom
and you know what you did she's like
give it to me she gave it to me and she
ripped its arm off gave me the arm and
said have fun with that yeah that's like
dammit I wish we never told her so that
was the throwback Thursday story hope
you guys enjoyed it hope you guys liked
the vlog uh had some fun with the dogs
play with a balloon balloon blew away if
Bella blew away we're looking for like
cover because there's a tornado
somewhere oh thanks for watching you
guys hope you liked the vlog got another
one coming tomorrow thanks for watching
like subscribe
hey spoke she spoke I tried to finish
whatever man everything thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite that's
it links are below nope
love you guys I love you way more I love
you way more if you want anything from
Valentine's Day you better stop
interrupting me that's it I love you
guys sorry I'm gone before yeah
dislike there - hey there
yeah
