what's going on you guys keep me out of
camera here but to us here right there
and today is Wednesday guys today is
Wednesday and today oh my god feel like
I was about to freak out you know Felix
we're allowed to shut doors where does
this come from hey that's my gift one of
them now it's garbage I love it
well we're not really celebrating
Christmas now so I know as well take it
it's the bear from Breaking Bad I have
no interest in celebrating the serious
holidays I mean this year sucks ever
again
it's the last Christmas is it I don't
know I really see how I feel next year I
feel honestly let me show this door real
quick you know I want to thank you Felix
it was he don't care no more please
today is Wednesday and you guys today is
day one stuff hard to talk about still
man this is the first day without my
father um doesn't feel real
that's the way I feel does it like I'm
sitting you know watching TV thinking
okay we're gonna go to grandpa's soon
right keep reminding myself oh yeah
earlier like dad's video was trending
number one worldwide and I wanted to
tell them and I couldn't
this is the weirdest feeling I've been
crying off and on all day you guys we
just left the funeral home we're gonna
go back there tomorrow this is the
hardest stuff of abra had to do in my
life you guys this is the first day
without my dad and
this pit in my stomach and it could be
one of two things number one it'd be
profound hurt that can never be repaired
or it's the stomach bug that everybody
in my family has guys we're sick my
nephew's been puking all night long
doug is the puking shitting all night
long and I'm starting to feel like it's
starting to we can't get sick guys I
took pepto-bismol Max and I still feel
it guys we can't afford to get sick
let's get soup
hopefully I feel better I really hope so
too babe I could not face this well
afloat like seriously I know this is
horrible oh thank your grandmother for
sending us this by the way I know I
texted her I told her we really
appreciate it you know what are the odds
words it yeah when this happens all of a
sudden we start getting like the worst
illness of our lives I know I woke up
with like a pain in my stomach and my
stomach is definitely brewing and it
hasn't like fully hit yet I feel like
this is like dad's final prank don't say
it you think but on his way out by the
way hey OH
oh my god I could see you so honey you
need fluids you'll get rid of it quicker
there's gonna be plenty of coca-cola an
IV with coke give me a coke co-op what
do you think Paula Frank I can see it
dad chill chill dad okay take this
illness away from me
I guess I don't know
sorta
walking through the stores like a zombie
at this point you guys people keep
coming up to us and they say you know
sorry about your loss and you don't
really know how to react when somebody
says that to you it's like when somebody
says you know if there's anything I can
do I don't have an answer you know
there's nothing I'd like one more
conversation you know if you could pull
that off you know I even wrote HUF
paranormal probably shameless right but
I wrote tough paranormal I know I wrote
a half paranormal who does like reached
out to spirits I wanted open minds like
hey do you think you could try you
didn't answer so I was staying about
pulling out the Ghost Box it's weird I
don't know what to do
exactly I want to know where are you you
know that's the only how did it go okay
are you okay yeah well yours are so many
unanswered yeah it's weird when they
have they know the answer they know the
answer that you'll never know or maybe
you will I don't know so I'm in a weird
head space right now I must be I'm
wearing Steeler like sweatpants in
public I don't any watch football so
anyway we're at Walmart right now you
guys not trying to like depress you just
showing you inside and what it's like
after it happens because I feel like I'm
out of Tears until I remember something
stupid like earlier I started crying
because I was like all dad loved
Bojangles chicken right like what a
stupid reason to cry no but it's just
it's everything it's little things like
you said you know you just I you know
see something like blue
see his eyes right yeah so and chicken
he loved their rice so maybe we should
get some chicken was like dad loved
Bojangles and I cried so guys this is a
very emotional spot that's when I woke
up this morning Mike was so weird I woke
up and my first thought was like it's
always been is to text someone and see
how that's doing and then it I picked up
my phone and it's like yesterday I
uploaded the video yesterday and in the
video I talked about dad and it got a
million views and like two hours and I
gotta tell Dad I was like I can yeah I
was on Twitter and I saw trending angry
grandpas it all dads got to hear about
this and I can't tell and it's like the
way to you guys have shown him so much
love and all the people that have come
out from everywhere like it's amazing
like I want him to see this yeah he
would be so blown away you guys I'm
gonna talk about that in a little bit
because he never thought anything like
this would happen guys my pants are like
following so I gotta put this camera
down okay you gotta get some chips do
you want the regular or family size look
exactly how is this family song I don't
know whose family they towers yep the
difference at all no no they look
exactly the same amount of chips in this
I absolutely yeah okay this has seven
three-fourths this has nine and a half
yeah thanks for the two extra ounces my
family's very happy
plastic price takers $4 to 50 okay two
more ounces oops
this is there a better example I thought
these guys here
here we go wow that looks like a family
yeah that's more like are they joking
yeah that's just how many Ounces is that
107 G now how much is it 298 ways you
have let me down bro okay you thoroughly
letting me in Grampa down
grandpa's looking down one that sucks -
damn depth this is different right
yes yeah something's not right there
I think they accidentally put ice on
these these are mislabeled madam sir so
it's different yeah these are mislabeled
he does
check out your book so I'm someone by
now because we've showed it now put it
back I brushed on it briefly in the
store but I wanted to tell you guys what
I meant about that I was telling you
that dad would be upset right now you
know one he'd be so blown away guys
the attention that grandpa's been
getting today he was on the news you
know he was on like Hollywood Life
WorldStarHipHop really yeah wow thank
you
worldstar so much we've always had a
really good connection with you guys
he's been a war he was on worldstar
celebrities have reached Eminem's
brother reached out and showed his
condolences and he's more than a man
whose brother he's actually a friend his
Nathan you know Nathan thank you so much
he meant the world to me and so many
people around the world are getting
together and showing Dad how much you
care and he'd be so blown away he'd be
so thrilled that so many people loved
him because he always told me me Terry's
got my when I die nobody gonna give it
hmm he didn't think anybody was gonna
care and to see it I hope he don't be
sad he didn't think anybody would care
and here we are and everybody cares he
was a pioneer
it was my year Oh guys dad helped change
YouTube maybe for the worse I can't say
it's for the better
guys I don't know how many people know
this I don't know how many people know
but dad was the first rager on YouTube
you know me and boogie had a
conversation at VidCon
he thought he came first dad's first
rage video came in December of 2007 and
boogies first video was like February of
2008 and then you got people a waffle
cone and mcjuggernuggets and they
followed but dad was the first now was
that the first person angry on the
internet dude no of course not there's a
lot of angry people but I mean to take
that and turn it into something that was
dad he paved the road for so many
youtubers for so many you know people
weren't doing their real lives on the
internet back then people weren't
showing their selves so dad helped pave
the way for a new way of watching the
Internet and he didn't think anybody
would care he just thought he was some
old man that people are gonna say I
deserved it when he died and part of me
thought it too I've cried about it on
camera that I thought maybe people are
gonna look back and say he was so angry
that he deserved it and to see it and
everybody saying the opposite how much
they loved him it means the world to me
and if he was watching down I know it'd
mean the world to him but at the same
time he'd be so pissed off that we're
making such a fuss about and that's not
even funny good I damned my god I talked
to my mom what are you doing stop
playing to me I can hear you making damn
videos this gamma thing that's what he
would be doing and that's what I meant
that's what I meant in Walmart how he'd
be angry with us but at the same time
he's
totally blown away I'm totally blown
away I love you guys dude from the
bottom of my heart you gave my dad the
life that I never thought we could have
and I genuinely mean that wholeheartedly
they did I know guys you guys are
awesome you guys
youtubers pander but I mean it my dad
before you guys had nothing and through
you guys he had everything and we had
everything but I'd give it all up for
another year with him so so dad I love
you I'm gonna miss you and maybe the
vlogs gonna have scenes like this a lot
in it lately because I don't know how to
vlog right now I gotta reteach myself
this because before it was so like I had
dad I'm like hey let's go see Dad easy
vlog and I don't have that anymore now I
got like I got a ruined bridges day
somehow I gotta like throw mayonnaise in
her face I'm gonna get uncreate up guys
don't thank you so much I don't know
you're very creative Michael and I just
mess up so much what me too was a saying
that I'm not creative here's totally
creative look I'm humble that was the
point you all see we're going back
inside guys I'm the man I'm trying to
laugh oh my god me too but I miss you so
much and oh it comes in waves I'm trying
not to cry about this all day
still think of it I gotta take some
cough medicine just like pouring myself
a shot you guys here we go
Oh too much too much oh jeez I hate
taking this stuff I'm gonna puke bone
Appetit
no not yet this is really hard to do you
guys okay this stuff they say it tastes
like cherry but it you know let's be
honest it tastes more like lighter fluid
okay
probably flammable Oh God for a little
Wayne is drinking a cup of right now why
do you say it tastes like cheery it
doesn't we're gonna be getting out of
here and uh just a few minutes you guys
I realized that these blogs have been
mostly talking but it's like there's not
that much going on other than
remembering dad and talking about it
this is day one you know when they say
it gets easier some say it sees or some
say it's worse so some say time heals
all wounds
yes I'm really hoping timing works I
really don't know if that's even what's
gonna happen cuz it's like to explain to
you guys how much I did with that it's
just not enough time to do it when I was
a kid I forgave for Gabe that's not the
term right I want to see like four gone
I didn't have any friends I did but I
didn't hang out with one weekend I
didn't really do sleepovers all I really
wanted to do is hang out with dad
and so I'm seven years old going to the
flea market with dad every Saturday and
Sunday and then the auctions on Friday
nights and Sunday nights just to hang
out with him and then we stop doing the
flea markets we started selling boiled
peanuts on the side of the road and then
I dropped out of school yeah I just felt
like filling that one out there I went
to dad's high school and dropped out so
hey guys I've always been dad shadow and
then when we started doing YouTube I was
able to spend every day with him and
come over every day and talk and just
have a good time it's been every day
with my father so now suddenly I'm
looking at the future of never seeing
him again
and I it's hard to wrap my rotten my
mind around it and I'm a crying all day
on the truck I've done a good job mostly
keeping it out of the vlog you know cuz
I I know you guys don't want to see it
all the time but it's hard it is not
easy then it make matters worse we got
this horrible stomach bug right it's
coming folks it's some brew it in here I
feel the furnace right here and you're
sure it's not just starting to get like
a chicken pot pie okay if you're getting
that steak it's time to walk away
wouldn't be crazy just like gets it
right now pukes on camera I'd be crazy
don't say it because I feel it coming
right now
oh man this is the worst time we have a
public service Thursday at 2:00 we can't
afford to be sick right now I know I
need zofran or something what is zofran
it's like a not nausea medicine or
something oh
zofran sounds pretty good guys this
sucks it's hard to wrap my head around
what this future is and I feel like I'm
still learning it and guys think about
it it's only gonna get worse and I had
my friend AJ make a tribute video for
Dad tonight so you guys so I can upload
it on Dan your grandpa show channel guys
hear it my soul bow
I went to bed right after I couldn't
take any more of the day over so it was
the saddest video I've ever seen
Bridget it's one babe I don't want to
cry no more I mean I can't stop you can
cried you gotta let it out we can't hold
this stuff in that's one of the problems
if you hold it in then it's just gonna
Fester
frickin soap guys he did an amazing job
AJ thank you so much that's gonna be
uploaded soon he had grandpa he used the
most sensible thing which was dad song
how was yeah I wasn't ready for that
yeah you made the song to me and I'm
never together
no no I'm never gonna watch it again
guys we're gonna do this outro I am in a
foggy state right now and I feel like
it's gonna hit me like a ton of bricks
soon and I all they ever prepared for it
let's do this outro I love you guys so
much like I said earlier gab would have
been so like blown away but also pissed
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching I made it
through day 1 I did too you know
honestly I am so thankful that Kim and
the girls are here guys because
seriously the girls especially they're
they're young and they don't completely
understand it and they've been keeping
as occupied they have this youthful
optimism about them that really helps me
forget and I really do need to forget
right now you guys this yeah this is
guys people say oh man that they must be
hurting I did not know that this kind of
pain could exist it's that bad it's that
deep in me and I I know how bad I'm
hurting so I cannot imagine my best
friend and do you feel it's my best
friend dude I've lost them he's gone
and it sucks it really sucks I'm trying
really hard you guys not to cry because
and I look it's okay to cry I'm not like
it's okay to cry I've cried enough for
15 people these past couple of days I'm
just trying not to so much I you know
whoever said you can't cry on YouTube
eat guys I'm getting out of here thanks
for watching dad I love you Michael what
is this thing I don't know um it's an
elf it's one of those alpha the shelves
yeah we'll have a hell to get there
magic dad I love you
as if relay
