bow dad you happy I'm very happy you
mind waking up at 3 in the morning for
this hell no not gonna go bad man there
you go you're gonna go bed with you
don't want to oh my god ah give you a
good job
wow man I am like so hard oh my god
a be a bigger boy fuck you guys ah fuck
you pick a boy cooter I thank you for
just Rabab my heart man man I thank you
for him and of course you or stay tuned
to the video so you can see it smashed
against the stove yeah I don't know not
only yeah yeah and you will not this one
if you don't smash it at this point will
you you gonna morning this thing getting
smashed unless is over Michaels head I
really appreciate you come my house
tonight
I appreciate this one it means a lot
there's nothing like a poker game or
something right I know I feel like
there's something on the table we have
to d4 hi I'm not mana me being or like
your house a lot of you know I'm a fan
I've seen the show because of this young
man over here I often do it for news all
we've been doing I'm like since 2007 to
2009 7 that's a lot of yelling moving we
wouldn't have a dysfunction for me more
hey I can do a cooking McGrath on a
polite not past four years yeah yeah I
got a good bet I could hey I got a great
recipe that I was passed down my family
for sausage gravy biscuits
my love's all screaming mascot whoa back
up you cannot you know I have the best
guy in the bed whatever run your you
bullshit
the way you make no goddamn sauce great
better be there ah your sauce is ready
sucks yeah last time damn a sausage
grape oh shit lumps of flour in it that
were still unwished it was just some
straight flower club do you need you
there me I think I go away fuck you fuck
you you like you oh my god lucky what
about this are you getting shit
you cannot room June then the junior got
the update Porsche and away your video
games are very very big people
let's gone down ok yeah fresh good man
Joe gallo just kiddin man hey you
motherfuck
I got you a money oh these guys are
gonna be both are ass don't you like
miss chalice okay what about a cook-off
let's negotiate now yeah
damn lose why in the world nobody
defending each bidding you do yeah it's
like 4:00 in the morning we don't need
to be cooking no freakin biscuits well
right fucking yeah let's go Joe you're
right Jimmy Dean sausages we gotta
prepare yeah how's your fucking mistake
right now you have a lot of pride baby
Caroline out of the cell for two for
adults
yeah okay yeah so okay we gotta figure
out a time and a date to do it I'm here
you name the time dead I'll come here
right now right now this can't happen
now we gotta forget your ham you prepare
for a cook-off
I'll go to the store I'll go got a goal
of it but no I got a goddamn vehicle to
bitch I take my old man a cigar lamp
store really but ya can't make my shells
Oh what I have a goddamn bandage
day bitch-fit ha you didn't make the
shot on your show my goddamn living room
now
fuck you ha ha that's because he cares
buddy but he also agrees that my son's
getting biscuit is gonna be better yes
you change your shit hi buddy know a guy
hey Stu George anything will be better
he can sand and rocks with sausage um
like good job shooter
yeah good that's the winning recipe
you're gonna be Wiz are you what is the
next time you're gonna be in South
Carolina now yeah get out here right hey
hey now we're never hey the most
sensible thing the most sensible things
get your fans out my house listen listen
I unfortunately have a show book near
you people and when I gave that show
what does that mean is that our mo it's
in May I believe I think it's admit may
take off your grip elbows in grandpa Hey
oh you're fuckin bitch yeah no shit I'm
getting him out of here all right you
know what no I made a goddamn fire get
outta here
what's going on you guys keep you on the
camera here and I am with Grandpa hey
Colonel John Colonel John
hey don't you go by yep and sure
Jennings what and the camera did not go
to Bridgette West so sitting here first
of all you biggest prank me second of
all we just pray dad pranked him good we
got ranked in third of all there's been
a challenge issued for salty cook I got
your ass and mate you gotta find that
date yeah okay only a seventh but maybe
I'm wrong I don't want to say that in
view yeah well when we're here we're
gonna kill ya I'm no Joey your we gonna
shake your ass huh can we go to the show
hell you have to introduce me on stage
what are you gonna do shoot you bring me
out on stage
in your own home yes I'm looking forward
you that yeah I'm not looking forward to
your sausage burger fuck you I'm not
tasting honestly I wouldn't taste this
but I'm not tasting is so salty digging
to business though they do not make me
I'm scratch you don't see that we get
some Pillsbury fucking grains don't make
her from scratch because they always end
up like the essence of art yeah they're
burnt cinder blocks yeah we're gonna go
get the distance for Bojangles hey
where's be together me baby be is to get
biscuits from Bojangles Billie dawn
burns that's his favorite meal so I love
the biscuits from budgeting me dude it
is about going on four in the morning
right now we woke dad up in his sleep
and we all started hanging around it's a
shooter so my wife mrs. Roy here Roy
over there that's his wife that is John
that's John's wife wife girlfriend nice
girlfriend well hope you joined a little
wake up yeah I did shooter I appreciate
your help
hey man you know he died he was gonna
make the show so we had to come down to
meet you miss Armijo that's where I've
been wont to do this for a long time yes
this is the beginning I get any credit
poems together yes thank you thank you
Michael I'm gonna whip your ass at
cooking some fucking the sauce cream is
are gonna make man the cook-off
the soldiers gravy good off I'm a little
concerned that he wants to use
Pillsbury's it makes me think his
sausage gravy sucks to my yeah I saw
Harry fucking rules
the eye for eye I do make the bad was
that I would I would make the better why
don't you make a third one and well then
well then we'll see because I think much
better minds of us but I use chunks of
ham instead of sausage oh yeah ten years
is not as good as my sausage sucks it's
not sausage gravy got hammy dumb ass
shit is the sick there were some keys up
there oh you guys are so kind to us I'm
get out of your hair now dad good I'm
glad you going Vegas came to go so
shooters juggling a bottle of Jack of
grandpas urban glass yep yep getting in
the back of the coach let it go unto my
palace we all have a safe trip here I
was about taking flight back home uh we
gotta got to Atlanta but we're flying
together - Lana there they go to
Nashville we go to LA okay good yeah I
like planes man it's like it's a moment
of Solace without your phone working
that's kind of nice that doesn't do I
love planes yeah I love okay well uh I
got to go to bed it is 4:30 in the
morning going on five o'clock in the
morning
left dad's had a great time real quick I
just wanted to tell people I'm sure
people are gonna ask me how did I pull
it off uh this is the prank that I was
planning for February I was working on a
prank on dad after the PS ha - the pfg
destroyed I can't talk it's been such
crazy night after he destroyed my ps4 I
knew that you know Shooter Jennings is a
grandpa fan and grandpa's a Shooter
Jennings fan and we'd all been in
contact you know shooters manager John
which was the guy sitting with us at the
table and stuff he set it all up he sent
grandpa you know all the shooter stuff
initially for mailbag Monday and you
know he was saying oh how cool it was to
talk to us and stuff so I decided to
reach out to John and shooter was going
to be in Jacksonville Florida for that
weekend and so I thought what better to
do than have a lot
I've wake up uh originally it was more
malicious than having shooter played for
dad I will admit I was gonna have
shooter like you know wake dad up in the
middle of the night and dad really
wouldn't been allowed at the show at all
but then you know of course I let that
into the show because we've gotten past
the ps4 stuff and it was a prank I stood
up I had to do it to him but then we all
enjoyed the show there was a good you
know 30 minutes the shooter just playing
for us it was great it was it was
awesome dude it was a great night
shooter you were the fucking man John
you're the fucking man Mary you're the
fucking man
what was shooters wife's name I didn't
miss T you're the fucking man cuz you
guys are fucking great for for coming
out to Grandpa's house and doing what
you did for my dad and just absolutely
amazing what a great fucking night it
was fantastic I got more footage I shot
a lot of stuff they pranked me I'm going
to upload that separately
they told me shooter had a childhood
guitar and dad destroyed it
I guess they worked it out right after
the prank I did they started talking
this prank pickleboy hey funny I was
pretty that was pretty funny the
gauntlet has been laid for the sausage
gravy cook-off in May gonna be awesome
you were she was in on the guitar video
enjoyment you was in there filming dad
destroyed his childhood guitar I thought
we were like we owe him fucking money I
don't know what to do anyway that's a
separate video for another time I also
had another there's a lot of stuff I
just filmed a lot of stuff I have to
sort through it all man but what a great
night so yeah that's how I arranged it
I was talking to shooters manager and
shooter was totally in and it was crazy
because it almost looked like I might
have been too late for them to come
because they left Jacksonville and it
was a long drive and they got lost and
thank God they made it cuz it was
getting crazy you know the original plan
was heard about 1 o'clock in the morning
then they got pushed to 2:00 in the
morning and they brought Chinese food
with him we brought you some food it was
great it was a good night so had a blast
yeah it was it was a lot of fun it was
I'm gonna stop talking now I'm wired
anyway like subscribe favorite following
that everything that's it all my links
are below
dang shooter thanks shooter she's a star
fucker no I'm not
why do you you're a star fucker
my mom
