what's going on you guys keeping an
Academy here and I am outside right now
playing with the dogs so on the frisbee
Bella has to be inside because of her
stitches she can't get you know she has
stitches and so she can't really run
really fast right now so it's sad
because I see her watching us from the
door
oh I'm sorry Bella when we let her on
the screen made a lot of headway on the
prank that I'm doing grandpa doing
grandpa the prank I'm doing to Grandpa
soon very soon fingers crossed it works
out I always worry every time that I
mentioned a prank on video because what
if it fails I have to upload prank found
out because there's been times where I
failed then she didn't upload the video
hmm so we're just playing frisbee with
the dogs Clyde
where is Clyde stuff he's messing with
the neighbours over there I feel bad
that Bella can't be out here but if she
runs she hurts her Paul go get it yeah
call I don't wanna play cuz he's too
busy messing with the neighbor's dogs
all righty you ready
he makes us chase him though
come on Lee just drop it Clyde just
laying in there that way nope I don't
care what the little boy
we just decided roulette Bella out
because it was sad though in the frisbee
and I saw a poor little thing watching
so no more frisbee but we're let bail
out now hey big girl
welcome to the outside Oh God
oh well you can't play with the frisbee
sweetie I can give you a frisbee not to
run with you ready to join the family
Clyde no Clyde does not like joining us
suffers from running around oh I see
that he's all muddy
tonight is the night it's Sunday we're
talking about better call Saul
shameless The Walking Dead total divas
yeah I watch total divas this is a whole
night and if you don't know about better
call Saul you better check on that and
call Saul it is the spinoff of Breaking
Bad featuring Saul Goodman so looking
forward to it check it out tonight
better call Saul on AMC and this totally
looks like a plug even though it is but
seriously check it out hopefully it's
good I'll let you guys know tonight what
I think about it but I think you'll be
good you guys can't come back out now
get your feet cleaned up that's okay
though right it's that time again
arcade blog hmm like you know I can all
kinda blocks man yeah they're pretty
cool I warmed up to them so short side
first thing in here are these retro Sega
Genesis Classic buttons got Sonic and
look at earthwork jint
earthworm jim and i don't remember the
other characters i should know them but
i forget them their names these are
buttons looks like I got it I think I
already got this but it's another one
looks like a another Tetris notebook mm
think I got that though it's big cool
you do this is some sort of Halo Mega
Bloks I don't know I don't watch halo so
there's that I don't know what that is
we've got a plants vs. zombies time
apocalypse book looks like it's like a
comic or something a graphic novel or
that's cool so it's plants vs. zombies
oh this is cool you might like this more
of those playful gorilla stickers that
you can put on the back of your tablet
these are more game-like see your
sub-zero scorpion and love those a link
here we go think it's a donkey kong
shirt they see how they see me rollin
they hatin that's pretty cool donkey
kong shirt so that is our k vlog got the
donkey kong shirt plants vs. zombies
book the stickers the halo Mega Bloks
thing and the tetris notebook not bad
quick box today huh yeah make quick work
at this box yes we need to kill some
time so let's watch cook a boy drink
water drink water pick a boy
chug-chug-chug-chug judge a judge i'm
such a party animal let me tell you i
have been playing the hell out of this
dying light and it is insanely hard i
don't know how far into the game i am
but it's ridiculously hard let me tell
you that just now my character was in
this pit full of zombies and this big
monster I had to kill thank God I did I
don't know how I did but I killed the
thing and then I had to take off running
for and then I was in fact I was a
zombie and now I have to find a secret
tunnel and I can't find it in this
ridiculous what do you think bill you
agree yeah Bridget doesn't like me
playing this game every other wall
sitting the planar wanted to walkie now
want to go walking out no I would rather
play a video game to go walking and the
shadow over my face is annoying me how's
that you excited better call Saul she's
gonna watch it Bela call Saul she's
gonna watch it tonight tonight is a good
night for sure oh yeah like I said I
already expressed it out there there
little wait shameless Walking Dead
better call Saul and total divas the
song didn't work out no
oh you can't have the arcade blog she
wants she can have it
you want the Donkey Kong shirt oh dammit
they were being super cute looking out
the window together I decided to lean
down recorder they took off oh well we
are in Walmart ah please okay so I'll
just look for cereal I don't want
mayonnaise anymore or cheese puffs oh
god that's so funny
well world mad magazine because I guess
they decided whatever cereals Dennis I
was meant for so we are in Walmart right
now buddy boy
and that trust me I'll stuff Duke's
mayonnaise so any paint Duke's my hey
Manos mm-hmm walmart has gone full in
for all these balloons look at this
Richard look at all the balloons you do
Walmart is the land of fucking
Valentine's Day balloons today I'm
eating
you're not getting any look at all of
these fucking balloons we did which one
well I love you I've never seen this
many balloons for my life so we're
sitting at Walmart employees watching me
film I'm to put this up in just a minute
we walk by the area and I'm sitting here
with what did they know you asked the
bodyguard yes the bodyguard so he is I
just invited him to be part of dads
prank and he's accepted oh I did that's
gonna be good I can't tell them what it
is but they'll see it soon enough
I'm sorry we're way let's get out of
your way we're rocking people so anyway
it was gum glad I ran into you now
because I needed something but I needed
a bodyguard can't wait to do that there
oh that's gonna be good
it's time to get him back I knew exactly
what she used me in the first place sir
he used you and then we befriended you I
know right now it's time to get him okay
I wanted to show one thing that I had to
get while we were in here King's
Hawaiian loaf of bread and I freaking
predicted this shit dude on the way here
I was like you know King's Hawaiian he's
make a loaf of bread even if it's
smaller
he was once you get the buns to make
lost sandwiches and then there and all
of a sudden here is a smaller loaf of
King's Hawaiian bread I'm blown away
I don't know from glory probably am ran
into Greg Pudge man link for him is
below everyone check out his YouTube he
is going to help me out with my prank
coming soon thanks Greg is that the new
buggy returned
hey I'm gonna take it to where it goes
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys uh didn't get to see better call
Saul I'm pissed at exactly 10 o'clock my
cable box freezes and I had to reset it
and it was down for 11 minutes so I
didn't get to see better call Saul when
they're watching total divas now I'm
pissed I'm annoyed
better call Saul doesn't even have a
rerun tonight so not gonna be able to
see it whatever anyway that's gonna be a
four day you guys thanks for watching I
was really cool running into Greg in
Walmart can't wait to get the prank on
grandpa and that was it thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite and I said that said twice
didn't I but that's it what hello
huh get up why how'd you get in iTunes I
got a key I am not staying in that house
with a fucking woman there she's driving
me crazy Michael the wood boat all right
you want to go get an eviction notice
yes I do
I'm going to get one
