what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here I notice always yeah anyway
now pretension I thought I notice always
do this going on you guys like like some
big shrug anyway so what's going on you
guys and I do that too
what's going on you guys so today is
Saturday tonight is anger grandpa radio
I've been planning all day for a new
prank - pranks in a row and Grandpa
because I'm still mad about the ps4
becoming prank as long as it goes
according to plan will be one of what I
can't say anything else about it look
hopefully it works
what is that branch cheese it so tonight
grandpa radio is on about time you would
have seen this it would have already
been on but uh it will be on demand so
the link for that is below check it out
grandpa hits the radio with Isaac right
now the show still calls shut the fuck
up and listen
but dad don't want that he just called
me water food could you coach tried to
fuck up and listen it was just the name
Isaac and I came up with he doesn't like
that sort change and getting something
else AGP radio or something oh no god
damn kid fucking cat so that's time I
can't change it for tonight but we will
work on it for the next show so guess
that we're changing it pretty soon I'm
going to make some stir fry for dinner
it's going to be chicken and vegetables
and teriyaki and pineapple juice and
rice jasmine rice I'm getting boiling a
bag because I don't how to make rice
that's another thing dad gives me shit
about I told him the other day he's a
would you ever throw fried because I
mentioned we're gonna be cooking sir fry
and I told him I don't how to make rice
and he almost flipped out on me you look
good god damn you stupid to cut rice
folk ups bought a boat a motherfucker
and maybe I can make rice I just never
done it I have made rice before actually
successfully I know how to make rice
scratch everything I just said okay so
I'm back and start making this door for
I got a little
but around there and I know people say
butter is not healthy but I'm using what
Oh butter we go ahead and throw the
chicken in there the chicken is that
color because I had it marinated
marinating the teriyaki so it's going to
leave it here
okay so you can see the brown a lot of
the brown is because of the teriyaki it
was marinating in but I am going to cut
it now usually you can probably wait to
cut it when it's cooked a little more it
will seal the juices in but really I
don't care I just want to get it done
well you know I think I might cut it
later it won't be so much prettier now I
am adding vegetables
this is carrot cauliflower and broccoli
a matter a little bit of pineapple juice
to cut some of that William 10 teriyaki
flavor that's going to be in here
so you add pineapple juice not much bug
up wipe off okay now that it's browned
up together the next step is to add
teriyaki stir fry mix but I'm going to
use this you probably make your own
teriyaki surprise hat on the house
this is what I'm doing okay now I'm
going to go ahead and add some this
teriyaki stir-fry
not the whole bottle I'm probably had
about half of this positive
go ahead mixing around smells really
good
okay I got the rice on the plate I did a
little paper plate cuz I don't care yeah
your rice who care to spell counter
Clyde's gonna eat anything put some of
your stir-fry next to the rice there you
go
stir-fry with rice looks so good give us
a taste
mmm it's good it's very good so I'm
having stir-fry rice well it's late I'm
sitting here waiting on Isaac to call me
right now we're doing the radio show I'm
at the cullen right now mess wrong with
dad have a little just a little chat
just now on the radio show her dad fart
and uh it sounded like a rocket taking
off dude like Jesus Christ ahead just
thought it might have been cool to see
at least a little bit of me talking
backward a bunch maybe a minute just
just home the radio so also bringing
that point up what would you guys think
about grandpa doing a webcam show I was
thinking like twitch but i think that's
just for gaming but maybe you stream or
something click like if you'd like to
see something like that with dad doing a
look at Ustream show or I don't know how
often we do it maybe once a month or
something but whatever we do you guys
want to see it click like and we'll see
if we can pull it up and where are you
at Isaac here we go hello hey what's up
man what's up dad
let me just start off by saying that I
was listening and I heard that fart you
did it dude I thought a train was
passing by like at my house I was like I
was like I was like do I live by a train
track that was on the radio good god so
one of the questions that I get the most
is what do I use to edit videos so I
thought I would show you guys right now
Sony Vegas Pro 13 point oh this is what
I use to edit my videos and this is what
it looks like
midway through I guess check this you
know like what's going on you guys keep
yawning cam here I'm so shut up boy
thought so anyway this is what I used to
edit my celery trunk
what the hell right Jesus I talk too
much
so yeah I use Sony Vegas it seems to be
one of the most frequently asked
questions that and what kind of camera
do I use which the answer to that
question is for the HD stuff that I was
doing lately uh using this which your
your questions oh good as mind this is I
don't know if it's a Sony cyber-shot
that's all I know from it Bella can't
sleep with us because we're Paul oh yeah
I see it
they see right here it's a little
swollen oh the light came on it's not as
fun as it was the past few days though
it's actually gone down considerably we
took her to the vet and he just said
it's you know a little bit of blood that
built up and if it doesn't start going
down he's gonna have to drink it but it
seems to have gone down had Nick girl
how you feeling she has to sleep out
here in the living room she sleeps right
there on the chair where that blanket is
because she can't sleep with us because
of that because sometimes you'll jump
off the bed in the middle of the night
to hurt her paw so that's the update on
Bella we have more news on Bella I
touched on it briefly during the vlog
tonight I'm not going to talk about it
right now
I met a touch tone on the radio show
rather I'm sure some people in the
comment section might have seen the
radio show and they'll tell you guys
about it but I'll talk about that a
little bit later down the road next
couple of days don't forget more
information but Bella's not doing that
good right now I'm sorry so anyway
that's gonna be it for today you guys
hope you guys listen to the radio show
and you liked it hope you liked the vlog
hope you liked the stir fry it was good
I had to change my shirt making the stir
fry because I don't want to get this one
dirty even though I've been wearing it
for a few days but anyway that's gonna
be it for today you guys tomorrow night
grandpa's going to be in Jacksonville
Jacksonville Florida there's going to be
a shooter Jenning concert so he's going
to be there for that go check out
grandpa the Shooter Jennings concert and
check out grandpa being prank in the
next couple of days I've been playing in
it for a while hard prank to plan let me
tell you but once I succeed if I succeed
it'll be a good video but that's going
to be a four day you guys check out the
link below for the on-demand radio show
and that's it like subscribe favorite
and that's it
