what's going on you guys Kimmy on a
camera here first things first
don't mind the ring this was dad's haha
I know people be cold he finally got
married unfortunately uh I wasn't able
to get married before my father passed
that's that's a regret that I have my
hat I wish I would have married Bridget
sooner should have done that hindsight
is 20/20 everybody you don't know how
you you don't know right but what's
going on you guys
gibiatti camera here and by now you've
probably heard the news that my father
has passed away he died about an hour
ago at 448 p.m. grandma took his last
breath and I feel like I'm out of Tears
right now I hope I don't like her and
and I've been crying all day and I want
to like get through this without
breaking down I just want to talk to you
guys for just a minute
number one about how much pain he was in
because guys he was in so much pain he
had a bedsore on his back that you could
fit two fists then it was so sad and he
was hanging on and he was fighting so we
could get back to us unfortunately it
just the disease won and we lost grandpa
and that is a bitter pill to swallow dad
was my best friend in the world this was
our thing and going forward I'm doing
our thing without him but Dad I love you
so much
his last words you guys were I love you
he we were all sitting over the room we
were like that I love you I love you dad
and he went I love you and that was it
and dad I love you
father myself I got through this without
crying hopefully I can get through the
rest of the vlog this way cuz I'm in a
mental state where our it's weird it's a
weird feeling it's like a fogginess and
I don't feel like it's real yet and it
hasn't hit me yet but it is and I gotta
I gotta get used to that
so I've been collecting stuff he gave me
jewelry there's a watch whose bracelet
Kim brought this from New York and I'm
gonna cherish it I'm gonna cherish that
stuff forever it know what a crazy for
stand up Michael smile smile for YouTube
guys I love you Bridget
I love you this is hard for all of us
Kim I love you guys
today I lost my dad in the Internet lost
a grandfather so let's get the vlog
started this is vlog number 1234 one two
three four recipes that I feel like we
all knew last night that this was coming
you know like
it was so weird you know last night we
were all sitting there with him he was
taking some shallow breaths and he's he
went wide-eyed you guys remember that
yeah like he went he went and he was
looking at me and I was like dad but it
became clear that he was looking through
me
because I moved out of the way and he
kept doing it and he said dad like you
saw his dad and a few minutes later he
said let me finish here first is that
what he said well the next thing he said
was I'm coming Yeah right when's the
next but didn't he say like like almost
five minutes later he said let me finish
what I'm doing here first so we told him
we were like dad you've done everything
you you fought so hard we're so proud of
you and today it was just more of the
same except he wasn't like coherent at
all because I wake up like every 30
minutes and if I'm out if I'm outside
smoking cigarettes she's up she's with
dad and like vice versa we never left
him alone and I walked in this morning
and he was more he was the most peaceful
I've ever seen him and he was that way
all day I think the two weird things
that have happened one was your dream
yeah you want to share that with anybody
she had a very personal dream about dad
last night yeah and then today
minutes later like immediately after
grandpa took his last breath his
favorite song in the whole world started
playing that was really so I looked at
the TV because we heard it I'm not like
right where is that coming from we
thought it was somebody's phone and we
were covered it was playing on the TV
the lights flickered they were
flickering and then next thing you know
we're here will you still love me
tomorrow and it was just good dad we
love you are you telling me all the time
you know if there's a heaven he's
looking down on us right now my dad
really sorry to be crying right now
please don't be mad at me it just hurts
yeah I'm trying to talk to my mama so
what about that kiss last night look out
something out yeah we puckered up yeah
yeah when she kissed his forehead
we all went to Kissimmee Oh Blackie
kissed his forehead and he was like so
shocked by these looks for
well dad love you he taught me if I
didn't vlog all this he specifically
told me if I did not keep going on
YouTube with Hartley yes I'm a hotel
tell you that right now
you won't be able to escape it's gonna
be really hard to do YouTube after you
you know something after you die hard to
say the words but after you die it's
gonna be impossible to do YouTube well
you better figure it out yeah well I'm
trying dad I'm trying we're gonna be
alright you reassured him he told him it
was all gonna be okay
definitely yeah I got each other and you
know those lights have been flickering
never the one in the kitchen kept going
on and off on and off past week and I
saw how the other day I walked outside
he's an owl a sign well dad's rooms
right here I walk out outfly thought
that the owl was right by his window
really and it flew away I wonder if
there's like an omen with that there
they said I think they said there is it
was their only one and then when I went
around the corner it flew back and then
there was two and I got a picture of it
really yeah
yeah get the fuck at the phone
Jamie Jamie said that their hawks but I
let you know you're full of shit there's
a big different hours at Hawks oh oh
now their hearts Jenny this is naked you
wanna but I think she's good they're
gonna be like where's this picture those
earn a lady's house that's my dad's
house the backyard looks like a pigeon
oh my god we're not cutting this out
just say and they're not even close to
his horror I'm showing the camera that
was after what just happened your phone
jumping all right those are not bitches
they're not owls yes they are
have you never seen an owl is not an owl
that does not make you old what is this
thing so we had to halt oh here I am
thinking something beautiful mother
nature or I was even out during the day
no they're totally like night owls or
all night owls cave somewhere right
you've done I know he was like your dad
and he was mine
he was as much as your dad as he was
mine
and he loved you guys so much
he loved you guys
but we we keep living and we keep living
for help
we carry out what he wanted you guys
understand and it's okay to be sad it's
okay to cry
this is my fourth time crying on camera
you know it's okay to cry it's okay the
best people
but he loves you guys so much he did he
loves you guys more than he loved me I
think that's true
he loves you so much
I'm so proud of you Jen you feel so good
thank you gotta shove it back before he
went
you got listen you turned your life
around that's what's real happy yeah
he's just gonna keep doing it you said
don't let him down he's watching down on
you don't let us down none of you guys
let it don't let him down he wants us to
keep doing what we were doing before he
wants us to do YouTube he wants us to
progress as a family he wants us to heal
and he wants to see us do it so dad if
you can hear me man we're gonna do that
okay
hey I love you boys okay hey you got me
here Jenny
but you got to because we're at where's
Lauren you know you're Lauren you're
part of this too we loved all of us
Bridget and we don't quit we never
forget him
changed all of our lives and we keep
going on for them he loved you guys as
much as he loved us and that's why we're
showing you this category they just say
you love your dad
1 2 3 love you I love you grandpa I love
you dad
I'm glad I got it it's the last breath
he's out of pain that's the most
important thing he is out of pain he was
in so much pain and maybe I was being
selfish trying to keep him on longer but
I didn't wanna I don't want to let go I
want to keep him here I know one time an
expiration date I don't want to be able
to say my dad died December whatever I
don't know what Dan is what is today
December 10 thank you but dad I love you
so much
then I'll never stop we're gonna be
getting out of here in just a few
minutes you guys
this has not been an easy day this is
you know when I was six years old I
remember the day like it was yesterday
six years old I was in my bedroom
playing with some toys I didn't have we
didn't have much I did I grew up with
very little I'm not sure how many people
know how poor we were I grew up with
very very little
I had three toys I had a Tonka truck I
had a Toy Story Woody doll and a big
rubber like giant Hulk Hogan action
thinking one of those opposable ones
that don't lead does this and we got it
all at one of those like hand-me-down
shops a thrift store um it's the only
toys that I had and I was playing with
them in the room having a good time and
on the radio red hot chili pepper I
started playing my voice is a little out
I'm gonna try to sing it anyway it was
the well I don't have a what up B
like I did that day so take me to the
place I love I'm listening to that and I
dropped the toys and it hit me that one
day my dad is gonna die one day my mom
is gonna die and I got up in the room
and I walked in and never forget what he
said to me I walked up when I was like
dad I don't want you to die and he
looked at me when I'm gone he was
watching like wrestling or something he
was sit in this chair when I'm gonna and
you gonna die too Mike thanks dad
and so from that day at 6 years old I
always thought about it and it never
left me and that is the source for why
I've done as much as I have for Dad not
just you know of course I did it because
I love my father but when I was six I
had that memory that one day he's not
going to be here so do everything that I
can for him while he is and that's what
I did that's that is that is the road
that I took I bought my dad his dream
car because I knew one day he wasn't
gonna be here and I wanted to not have
any regrets when it happened I bought
him a dream house so he could spend his
money on whatever he wanted I paid his
bills because I warned him to spend his
money and whatever he wanted so he could
do anything
travel and he never did it he spent his
money on records and stuff at yard sales
but that's what made him happy and so I
was so happy that I was able to do that
and I'm so happy to say that I don't
have any regrets I don't know how I
would I don't think that I would be able
to vlog right now if I had regrets and I
don't have any and I'm happy about that
I'm gonna miss him like crazy every day
it's gonna be this like struggle where I
miss my father and I think about him and
something happens and I'm gonna wish
that I can show him but
don't have regrets I'm not gonna say man
I wish I spent a little more time with
my dad
cuz I saw him almost every day I'm not
gonna say man I wish you know I wish I
could say that I gave him more I gave
him everything I gave him half the money
we earned and I bought him everything
that he wanted because he was my world
and now my world is you know me Umbridge
and you guys and before you know he was
in that equation and he still is but
it's just a little different and it's
something we're gonna all have to get
used to and I don't know what that is
you know you wanna say something bridge
has been destroyed all day if I know the
world's different folks that's gonna be
something i'ma talk about another time
he did so much I hope and I'm so happy I
did as much as I could for him when
there was a hurricane coming he went and
he got me a generator and he brought me
food and we all went shopping together
and that's the stuff I'm gonna miss just
spending time with him my name is Sunday
dinners I'm gonna miss his cooking I'm
gonna miss this friendship and I know
you guys are gonna do but I want you to
know that
we're gonna still be here and I got a
plan going forward and we're gonna talk
about that in the future we're not gonna
let his channel die I'm not gonna let
what he was so proud of just fade away I
will not allow that to happen dad I love
you so much
I'll never let that happen so let's go
do this outro there's gonna be a lot of
days like this you guys and I'm sorry
ahead of time dad I love you let's do
this outro well that's gonna be it for
today of guys thanks for watching this
would be the closing to the worst day of
my life you know it is not fun this is
not a good day this is awful but I vlog
everything I made that promise to dad
and oh there's been a thousand times
today where I've been like you know what
I'm gonna post a goodbye video and just
fade into obscurity
right that's I've kept telling myself
that but every time that I do
I can hear dad you know you did dumb man
you know that right you know he would
totally say that to me look he made me
make a promise at Thanksgiving that if
something were to happen to him I would
not let the youngins down I would not
quit YouTube and I made the promise and
so every time that I hear myself say you
know I can't do it without him I
realized that I can I still want to know
I don't want to do it without dad I
don't either
I'm at a point you guys were I'm totally
like out of tears and I'll find him
later oh yeah definitely and I cry when
I wake up guys it's gonna be one of
those things I'm kind all day for the
rest of my life I'll be sitting there
and I'll say I wish I could show that to
dad I wish I could call them I wish he
could call me one more time and those
days are gone
but I got a thousand videos can you
believe that yeah we have a thousand
videos if I have a child I can show them
a video be like hey this was your
grandfather he was the craziest son of a
bitch alive and he's gone you never got
to meet him but he would love you so
much
and that's what I'm asked to remember
and it's gonna be hard for me for you
for you for you it's gonna be hard for
all of us for a long time I don't have
folks showing you or not can so it's
gonna be very hard for all of us and we
have to get through it as a family as a
community and we can't get through it
without you guys with your help we'll
get through it and guys you changed my
dad's life you change Bridget's life you
changed my life and we'll be eternally
grateful if some people want to
unsubscribe now because dad's not gonna
be in the videos anymore I totally
understand thank you for all the support
and the love you've given us over the
years and for those of you that stay
with us at following this thank you so
much we love you dad loved you we we
wouldn't have the life that we have
without you so thank you so much I love
you so much dad I'm gonna keep keeping
on and I love you so much like subscribe
favorite
and that's it
you
