what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and today is Thursday and
very soon we leave for Philadelphia
which means today I got to prepare for
the trip which means I'm gonna start
washing clothes
don't start packing bags just gonna
start getting ready in general Bridget
unfortunately is not gonna be going on
the church Philadelphia because of Clyde
he has not gotten any better something
is wrong with Clyde we don't know what
it is but all day he's been walking
around coughing and having breathing
problems we don't know what's wrong with
him so unfortunately bridges not gonna
be coming usually it's louder and he's
coughing a lot harder that was a little
mild but I think Belle was worried about
Clyde she's been following around and
watching him every time he starts his
little coughing fit she'll come over
here and sit next to me and look sad
Pope feel better buddy
Bridget seems to think that I'm angry
that she's not going and that's not true
I understand you know how important
Clyde is to or ain't he's important to
me so I'm glad that somebody will be
here with him
so and we had somebody that was gonna
watch the house for us while we were
gone but Bridget is gonna stay with
collide so that's what's going on right
now gonna go ahead and get ready so I
was talking to dad and he was telling me
that I should start putting on these
timberlands that I bought he says oh
your goddamn fish will be Q you would
know stings Bo so I'm going to be
walking around in these things so got em
on hope you're proud of me Dad I'm
taking your advice people have been
asking why did I get some new shoes for
Philadelphia in the first place and it
was according to dad you ago because
they knew he'll be able to walk in that
goddamn Lobo widow shoe yuka so we got
them for walking in snow I guess which
it actually just snowed like and they're
calling for more snow so dad calls me
this morning oh I was goddamn right who
the fuck yeah also because I was worried
that dad was going to try
run for it and disappear and not go to
Philadelphia I got him a little bit of a
chaperone
consider it a prank not really a prank
though but I just got our following down
all day
Tina is dad's chaperone today so
wherever dad goes Tina's going because
dad you went running away from this trip
to Philadelphia you fly in them hey Dad
what do you think about your chaperone
goddamn motherfucker I tell you one
goddamn thing Bo I regret the day you
shot out my dick God dad calm down
hey motherfucker sorry I'm guns get some
phrenic I'm talking to myself
as you can see I'm trying on my
Philadelphia stuff got my jacket on I
just saw me a minute ago got my boots on
was that cute of me
yes look super cute there you're wearing
the wrong pants man I'll support the
Steelers I just found them on the floor
one morning and they fit no warm oh I'm
wearing these for you remember I warm in
the Royal Rumble video last year my
family loves dealers but I was just
pretending because you know Eagles all
right shirt goes aside all right a loot
crate exclusive so whatever this is I'm
gonna look at it just a second I was
just showing you first
um lso analog tendo this so it's
supposed to look like a Nintendo
cartridge down yes it doesn't go that
into a cartridge I don't know the point
of this oh I love this it is a comic
notebook if you look on the back it is a
notebook but it's got squares so you can
make your own comics this I gotta open
now this is sweet so I want to make an
anger grandpa comic I can do it I'm
gonna so stay with me within the next
couple of months I'll show you my anger
grandpa
notebook yeah mine too okay black-tie
geek.com what am I looking at it is it
is a nerd tie a geek tie oh pretty cool
twist now that I got suit oh yeah if I
go to the Hall of Fame ceremony at
WrestleMania this year I got a geek tie
to wear with my suit okay we got some
old vintage hipster glasses how do i
look with these glasses with this jacket
now this is my philadelphia gear you're
actually cute oh my god oh I'm gonna
wear these for the duration of the
unboxing oh all right
of course okay there's a rewind box so
everything is vintage that's pretty cool
I don't know I guess the vintage on that
is like one of those old video game
characters okay so this is a loot crate
exclusive Star Wars comic book
admittedly I've never ever seen the Star
Wars movies before but I like that
that's really cool to have of course so
there's that I think that's it for this
now we're gonna open the shirt yeah my
shirt I should be the one opening it
looks like Voltron I think it's a
voltron shirt that's kind of cool
whoever that is Voltron I'll wear it so
that's the loot crate this month voltron
shirt
I think vintage hipster shades that are
cute nerd tie comic book notebook which
is my favorite thing in the loot crate
this month yes very comic book this
thing I don't know what that is and the
Star Wars comic so that's pretty good
worth 10 bucks yeah pretty good ten
bucks spent this month one day you may
never follow me around for because I'm
from afraid you're gonna try to not go
to Philadelphia I tell you I'm going
damn it well you have no choice now you
can't follow me no more going oh no I'll
be right here right here with you what
even funnier is dad she took dad's keys
and dad she's driving down everywhere so
dad has to ride around in Tina's car all
day friends forever you'll be alright
damn that hurt you alright
you're you were just cranky a hostage no
it hurts you were just in a bad mood is
what it is hey I'm going you're ready to
swing yeah I can tell
how would she would she would okay well
I'm going home now
well dad hope you hope you're getting
ready for fly in tomorrow you nervous
Behrooz I won't be nervous
Oh Polly said she's gonna sell this lap
lol bye hey wait a minute the shop or
nothing over here
no what does that mean shop but others
shit dog so fuck I'm just a dog pick her
up or shitter come on there's ago oh
fuck
which he had Burkina come on come on
sorry dad that you got Tina watching
after you all day
that's how it is I'd love to hang around
with dad and see what more happens
between the two of them how she hounding
him how she's forcing him to go just do
all these things but I got to get ready
for Philadelphia
but dad I hope you're having a great day
with Tina hope you enjoying your little
prank oh poor thing
at least he's eating
I think he sounds like a really bad cold
hey Belle with us Lacey's food well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
hope you had a great little Thursday I
did even though it's only half way over
I wanted to get the vlog up earlier
today so hope you guys had a good
Thursday
I've enjoyed my Thursday ah flight this
is gonna be fun
can't wait to get into Philadelphia
can't wait for grandpa to see a surprise
grandpa's gonna love the surprise I hope
you guys love the surprise you're gonna
see that tomorrow night because we fly
to Philadelphia tomorrow we were
supposed to go on Saturday but we are
going tomorrow so tomorrow's vlog is
gonna start off in Philly and I should
also have a main channel video grandpa
flying because I assume he's not gonna
enjoy it very much
so here we go Philadelphia tomorrow I'm
gonna go finish packing I don't know why
do these things so anyway thanks for
watching you guys click like if you
excited to see grandpa in Philadelphia
if you're excited to see his surprise
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite Philadelphia here we
come I don't have any of you people do
this we buy it though we don't put it
back or anything
let me try good right oh my god
it tastes like burn dairy it's close but
it ain't exact it's almost like
