what's going on you guys can't be out of
camera here and the first thing that
you're going to notice is that what
started off as a small little bump
turned into that because I couldn't
leave it alone that's what happens to me
when I mess with something and I'm
pissed about it it's not a pimple
although it may look like it but it
isn't I thought it was a pimple too but
it's under the skin I don't know I
squeezed it nothing comes out I'm pissed
and I had this big red bump on my face
Jesus that's all anybody's gonna notice
this whole vlog like no matter what when
I cut my hair no matter what they're
just gonna be their eyes and we fixated
I just got a text message today I'm
going to give myself the shade I was
wondering what would happen if I didn't
hurt it on like I would embarrassing
like today I would give myself the shape
weight so yeah
shaving myself today oh man you always
hurt me I was hoping that bridge
wouldn't know about this because she
hurts me every time she shaves me but
here we go
pretty soon in just a few minutes gots
to go so we are starting our day getting
my head shaved by Bridget all right here
we go okay
cut my hair fuck fuck
okay all right so here it is you go ask
your head after through Phii please
shave your eyebrows don't do that I'm
not worthy cuz I'm not gonna do that
he is much easier for like not standing
I go you're my knees yeah get on your
knees boy damn
that is yes okay dude just do it
so vlogging while I got my hair cut uh
today's Tuesday oh okay woke up late ah
what the hell dude weird over there give
it I'm not I'm leaving fuck it
okay fuck your hair dude I'll do myself
give me this
you peel give it to me for me Holloway
what happened he's be cool
there's my joke what happened man you
just be cool
dear I did god yes you did good now get
him out now I did pretty good I have
learned I can see you I don't feel
anymore
whatever please be cool
let's flip the viewfinder phone who
needs a mirror shave your beard no I
will trim to be a shave your fear keep
your mustache I'm not doing that I would
look like a little baby bitch I'm not
gonna be a little baby bitch in Philly
I'm gonna have a beard I will trim the
beard there you have it trimmed my beard
shaved my head already for Philadelphia
so that's it for right now
this is what it looks like still that's
there even after my shower oh it's so
cute
huh so anyway that's the thing Oh huh
that's me saying oh I wouldn't lie about
something cute huh anyway here we are in
Walmart the main reason we are here is
not only for the frozen food but also
because Clyde needs a humidifier was it
so I took clay to the vet
today again can I talk okay you talk yes
you can so I took clay to the vet today
and I was thinking he had kennel cough
because he was up cause he coughed one
time and he had kennel cough no he kept
coughing and he kept like hacking up mom
I'm just like what is going on Clyde
please be okay
and so I called and then he stopped
coughing for an hour so I cancelled and
I started coughing again so I
reconfirmed it
and he's fine we do the whole story just
say the update we're getting a
humidifier yeah so I'm gonna get better
so anyway we're looking at the frozen
peaches now okay go ahead so I'm getting
quite a humidifier next to his little
area and benadryl so I wanted to make
Bridget something good for dinner so I
figured cow tongue will be Pro no no I
was thinking this and our pressure
cooker what is this
you tell me
I don't know I think this is not right
what is tribe I think last time right oh
good she's not there use your taste buds
oh my god yeah look
what is this or more tongue what animal
beef cow
who's that cow I don't know man is it
different
maybe that's baby beats up hey me I got
my hair did there's like a weird selfie
like in front of much a meet I don't
have any of you people do this but we
like to try our milk before we buy it
though we don't put it back or anything
it's good let me try good right oh my
god it tastes like burn dairy it's close
but it ain't exact it's almost like I
prefer this so we are unbagging the
groceries and Bridge dropped pickles
dude I've never done that my freakin
life for I am so sorry
that's all right I'm sorry you really
wanted tickles that's okay now we have
to clean it up yeah all right guys time
for y'all to go babe I'm not going to
bed cuz I'm a man I stay up late at
night cuz I'm a man
Oh sad well it's time for Bridget to go
to bed uh I'm not going to bed yet I
stay up late obviously I'm not going to
bed cuz I up with the vlog up still so
bridges going to bed I have to tuck her
in I hate that term tuck in why am i
tucking you in here an adult so long
called tuck in sane you call it tuck
ends Michael is snuggling with me by god
I don't like that term every night I
never it's a thing I have to snuggle
now I said it's not a guy thing she says
all guys like it I don't so 90% let me
know in the comments if if if you're a
guy and you like to cuddle so we can see
if it's a guy thing so I want to play
the ps4 and I can't find the remote so I
have to use that
great so today I actually downloaded
resident evil it is remastered from the
original game it's pretty crazy playing
it actually dude it's like so check this
out it's very similar just visually it's
a lot better than before but you know
the controls with you know the same and
going into the doors the same
you know it's a lot of fun I you know I
don't think that I ever beat the
original one because I was so young when
it came out so I don't think I ever beat
the original one so this would be like a
chance to me to beat it so it's pretty
cool this is the remastered version just
came out today it's pretty awesome I
can't say - check it out I don't know if
it's worth buying yet but I mean if you
like the original game then yeah of
course it is so if you love the original
game check it out cuz it's just like it
it just looks better so it's just me and
Felix hey buddy just be chillin up late
buddy no Bridget no Clyde no Bella no
lazy just us well that's gonna be it for
today you guys yes that thing is still
here umm thanks for watching shave my
head trim my beard went to Walmart and
tried milk in the store so anyway thanks
for watching you guys
glad you could spring day with us like
subscribe favorite hopefully that goes
away soon hopefully also hopefully that
grows back soon I don't want it to grow
back soon hope you guys like it thanks
for watching and that's it
that was fun goddamn yeah what are you
laughing at looks like a funny is like a
marinade
