what's going on you guys kid behind
camera here and we just finished mailbag
Monday and somebody said grandpa a sword
yeah this thing oh man
okay so somebody just sent this to
Grandpa
oh no I thought Marcus is his name more
so thanks Marcus for sending grandpa
this down hey you Maya
oh that's terrifying dude I wonder just
how sharp this thing is who cares we'll
go right through you me
yeah guys can ever it no you need that
you don't tell me what I need and what I
don't need kick your socks oh my
goodness yes I love it I gotta say that
that is the most frightening weapon
you've gotten yet no it's not what do
you think is that is long and sharp
No
what the hell is that oh god yeah that
maybe that's the most wicked something
wicked this way comes
oh my god look at the skull nothing with
for the knuckles yeah
I'm not you sir my and Grandpa's army
you are now part of the royal family as
tip behind the camera and Grandpa's army
I know damn your bra she was messing
around
why okay
well dad just pranked me or Bridget who
pranked me alright so you had no part of
that no so what are you doing I'll just
add a little bit in love so Bridget just
screened may think I was gonna get
killed by a sword so uh I have a
question for you what what was up with
yesterday the movies damn suppli mine so
you made us drive all that way for no
reason
come on you should have come how come
you don't go to the movies where's the
last time you've been to the movies God
that a long time I can't even recall you
going you may have gone at some point
but I don't remember it I don't remember
either I guess not
gee well one day we need to get you to a
movie never gonna happen
click like if you want grandpa to go to
the movies all against butter popcorn oh
yeah you go go on about that you may
have sent us to yesterday you put your
own butter on big ol bucket eat a dozen
butter popcorn yeah you put your own
butter on really yeah you wouldn't go
crazy go on by our house isn't like that
they put the butter for you but the one
that you sent us to you can put as much
butter as you want that's where I'll go
I'll go to move that God be a blurb of
one smack that like button if you want
grandpa to go to the movies and I'm
gonna make them do it yeah we do what
they say the youngest wants you to go to
the movies you've got I always do what
they say speaking of
are you aware that we are little under
two hundred thousands members away from
getting tattoos hey I'll take mine but
you go did she go take her this time
oh she's getting it I know I know now
it's getting boring work we need to real
realistically start thinking what we're
gonna make each other get true do what
to a button Tina's face on you I don't
think so
putting Tina's face on your face I don't
think so the top of your head this bald
spot will get Tina - I don't think so I
don't think so we can get a slice of pie
and it says eat me that'd be funny you
morsel do you wanna eat my pie so very
soon grandpa and Bridget in myself and
Beverly are flying to Philly and we're
in the process of trying to find the
best Philly cheesesteak and Philly I am
here he doesn't care okay
but I am in the process I hear every
took my Pat's and I hear but it took
what Geno's but then I was reading up
and there are other ones that people say
are better well that's because they're
the coupe name the ones that they've
started yeah so we're gonna there's
other places like the Shake Shack
there's one place a food network says
best thing they ever ate I saw it on the
boyfriend vs. girlfriend blogs it's fish
and the guy chosen it's the favorite
friend she's every I like fish it's like
it's fish and chips
how would you dad let me just say
something real quick that when we get to
Philadelphia dad there is a big surprise
for you what I can't tell you why your
guy you don't go bribe me in Philly it's
not a prank that's a good surprise
you're gonna be really surprised
well I'll figure out tween and then you
won't figure it out we'll see there's no
hands no hints no hints at all no you're
just going to be surprised I guess I'll
just be surprised god I'm your ass can
you go on there no
Shh turn it off anyway how many 12
Philly cheesesteak form-filling I
believe it
and I've been there while
oh man's gone bad this that sucks
I'll never use bread
fucking better come off there
those are good well Jordan have you for
the lot
yeah thanks do a mailbag Monday with
finally what can I say so going to dad's
house we're gonna be home in just a
minute but first I want to say my
goodbyes including a kiss on the cheek
goodbye Michael I was doing a file you
wiped it off not gonna be done so you
don't do that don't do that so I'm
starting to search for the hair clippers
and I really just do not know where they
are
I've been searching all over the house
no not up here the hell dude hey
wrestling action figures that I still
play with do you know where the hair
clippers are any of you guys okay so I'm
just looking in our closet I would say
this is a junk closet but it's not junk
it's just our stuff yes obviously non
junk was a big breaking bad barrel right
there I'm trying to find my head club or
so I can cut my hair Bridget do you know
where the hair clippers are what they're
not here I was supposed to cut my hair
than I ever to click like yesterday
freedom we cut my hair I don't know I
don't know where the hair clippers are
however today I did get my new Eagles
hat so I can pretend to be a regular I'm
regular Philadelphian is that we think
is that what it is Philadelphia I'm just
a typical Philadelphia and hanging out
my Eagles hat birds order to others I
don't know if I'll wear these because
they're green and I don't have any like
clothes to match it but there are some
other Eagles hats that I got I'm just
gonna have to cut my hair tomorrow the
Clippers are not here I've been
searching all over the house they're not
here don't know where they went
tomorrow on vlog cut in my hair because
you guys wanted to see it well both of
comfortable right now looks like mm-hmm
theirs was at least she's trying to wag
what is it
okay yeah Paul hey lazy
oh boy lazy hey card you guys have a
good day
whoa oh that's gonna be it for today you
guys uh just a couple things for I go
first the mailbag Monday video is going
to go up tomorrow
the reason it's I can't speak
the reason is going up tomorrow instead
of today is because we got home so late
and I started editing the vlog and by
the time I would get it up it would be
just you know three or four o'clock in
the morning so I'm gonna edit it I'm
gonna put it up tomorrow afternoon
so the mailbag video we did it is gonna
go up tomorrow also as I said earlier
I'm going to cut it off in tomorrow's
vlog you guys wanted it couldn't find
the Clippers I don't know what happened
I think maybe there are dad's house so
but tomorrow I will be cutting my hair
it looks so much worse when I just do
that look at this my hair looks like
crap it's a good thing that I'm cutting
it so that's gonna be a free day you
guys thanks for watching
check us out tomorrow when I cut my hair
click like if you want to see grandpa go
to the movies I don't know when we'll do
that if you guys want to see and you
click like I don't know if we're gonna
do it anytime soon maybe maybe sometime
in the next few weeks we'll do that
first getaway to a good movies coming
out something he'd like to see - we got
the Philadelphia trip coming up and
stuff but we will be doing that if you
guys want to see it so that's gonna be
it for today thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite and that's it so I
just got a text from dad I was on my way
to his house and dad is telling me that
he's not coming to the movie and he said
fuck you he stood us up seriously yeah
it was on purpose
grandpa stood us up now we got movie
starts at 4:30 346 we gotta go
