what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here because ya rijal s there and we're
are away to the movies to meet grandpa
angry grandpa's going to his first movie
in years I don't know that I've ever
seen him go to a movie so this to me
this is grandpa's first movie so I've
never seen dad go to the movies he
called me today this I think I won't go
to a goddamn movie so we're going to the
movies with angry I don't know if I want
to say fucking right there angry fuckin
grandpa yeah I thought awkward cussing I
felt filthy oh you felt no poop now oh
so we're here at this theater we've not
been to this one before so we're going
to go see the movie American sniper
uh-uh Bradley Cooper I think is directed
by Clint Eastwood okay I don't think you
could have possibly parked any further
away from the movies I don't know this
area so what you don't know the parking
spaces no god sakes you don't I Drive
you learn how to drive hi I can actually
parked car I'm putting out what is not
today so anyway we're chillin at the
movies it is cold had to put on a hoodie
it is freezing cold right now and I
don't see dad yet
chances are we beat him here again as
usual we always beat him to this Plaza
before he can get to it so waiting all
day it's certainly a windy and cold
he's gonna be late we're gonna have to
see a different show is gonna wait all
freakin day look at this movie is like
the number-one movie of the weekend or
some shit dude so we're gonna have to go
see a different show there's no way we
make it to the show that shows we have
to better like make matters worse my
doors not even opening please let me see
this I can show them okay unlock unlock
unlock unlock and log oh you want that
time we were trying for 10 minutes I
know it's funny bears
it's weird I got my keys right yeah why
not a driver so oh dude this cold water
put my hoodie up no duelist freaking go
somewhere so we were supposed to go to
the two o'clock show is that him
finally that's not him
so we were supposed to go to the three
o'clock show my stead is that Michael
don't say that it's what he does didn't
do that I think he did that so we're
just gonna three o'clock show it is now
going on 4:30
that's when the next showing stars we
can either miss the movie or go without
him go without them don't say that so we
went buy the tickets we bought a ticket
for him and he still isn't here and it
was more money the tickets were it's
like in a bigger theater or something it
was like $15 tickets let's go to the gas
station dude for what I want to get some
gas and I'm really thirsty so we're
going to the gas station right now look
although I am happy meeting go in
freaking before we left the house you
knew we were driving away so I'm bad
about BOTS okay dad won't answer my
calls I don't know I think you showed us
up for real dad unless he's hurt or
something is it dangerous reporting at a
gas pump up this probably you didn't
really catch explode or something
probably should I back up yeah no I'm
gonna wave it around cause friction
please record your message uh still no
sign of your dad where the gas station I
don't know what's going on
let us let's go to his house we're gonna
have to go to his house
Wow gas it buck 79 how much did it cost
to fill off 19 so I just got a text from
dad
I was on my way to his house and dad is
telling me that he's not coming to the
movie and he said fuck you he stood us
up seriously
yeah it was on purpose grandpa stood us
up now we got movie starts at 4:30 246
we gotta go bridges brother whom she
hasn't seen how long like two years we
haven't seen him about two years he was
at the same theater turned out he was in
town he was looking to get in touch with
Bridget to meet up and we showed up at
the same theater at the same time and we
went and saw American sniper together
yeah I mean he was gonna see this other
movie but then like yeah and then he was
like I was gonna watch this few guys
that was like really cool so and my mom
was it yeah her mom she's it was a weird
thing out so far dad you screwed us you
stood us up but we went to the movies
anyway and so it was a very sad movie we
just left dinner with bridges brother
and now I have to come to Target but you
have to be one right over here to get
thermal where thermal where dad was
telling me cuz I guess breezy goddamn go
to Philadelphia snow today
so he wanted me to look at the storm all
right cuz I can get a closer look at it
now huh these are like long johns
don't you see like the Waltons wearing
so this is what we're getting right now
well we just got home first things first
we had a great time with bridges brother
I didn't record him because this was the
first time Bridget and he had seen each
other and so long so I wanted to let
them have that private intimate moment
together it was it was a lot of fun that
we went to a steak house and we all
we had a good time um I noticed that
when I left the movie I didn't really
talk about it that much so uh
to talk about American sniper um really
good movie it was really good
there were times as I was watching it
that I forgot I was watching a movie I
was just so submerged into the story and
I'm just staring and watching and you
know you you really get sucked into the
story and when the movies over you know
our theater was completely silent when
it let out I read a couple of the face
book reviews where they said their
theater was silent and I was like I
wonder if ours will be the same
definitely it was silent nobody was
talking everybody was trying hard not to
cry uh-huh good movie really really good
movie dad you missed out wish you would
have come when she went to stood us up
wish she could have come to movies have
fun with us I've had a lot of people
tell me that I need to shave so uh smack
that like button makes a copy prank vs.
prank uh-huh smack that like button if
you think that I should get rid of it
and tomorrow on vlog I'll do it what
else could we do nothing we're just
consider watch tv watch Always Sunny in
Philadelphia I'm watching Parks and
Recreation lately and I enjoy it uh you
know I never wanted to see it before uh
I was like oh no because the first
season I saw some of that and some of it
was just really stupid silly jokes and I
don't find that kind of stuff funny but
later on in the show it actually gets
really funny so very cool so we're back
hey Bella did you miss us girl we went
to the movies you miss it okay
hello all of you you mrs. card what are
you doing
so me and Bridget have recently started
Always Sunny in Philadelphia over from
season one we are on season two right
now love this show
the new season actually started last
week we are watch that out was amazing
but we are starting the series over
because that's what we do
we're oh we've got to be starting
Breaking Bad over soon yeah definitely
who we gotta send your brother that clip
he wanted to know about the alternate
ending from Breaking Bad where they did
the malcolm in the middle' thing so we
gotta send that to him so that's gonna
be it for today you guys I hope you had
a good Sunday hope you had a better
Sunday than I did because my dad decided
to tell me he was going to come to the
movies they did I got stood up got stood
up on my own father so of course it was
so of course that's gonna be a four day
you guys went to the movies went out to
dinner had a good time with the target
got my long johns smack that like button
thanks for thanks prank vs. prank smack
that like button if you want to cut my
hair peeps
know smack that like button peeps
pickleboy nation so just just kidding
so that's gonna be everyday thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite Bulldog
Nation no thank you
and that's it I can't have it like fade
out on the laughs it's just oh god your
laugh that's it
sub laugh make sure you like pillsbury
stop laughing you read Tomatoes alright
I lied to The Hardball
god damn
no fuck anthem man look doc you're right
