what's going on you guys keep Yanni
camera here and I am chillin at
Walgreens around the corner from Burger
King if you have not seen the video
finally I had a call dad pick me up he
left me at the Burger King I had to walk
to the Walgreens what the hell bro your
exercise what the hell is wrong with you
enjoy your exercise next time you should
talk about the yumbo I tried yeah later
you oh you got a nice exercise Christ
you know that was bull
whoa vol leaving me at the Burger King I
thought it was good idea oh shit got the
cars the hell is your problem what does
my problem that guess I should have gone
the other way can you back up yeah we
all right we good
I am on my belt
quick in my hand I'll put it on when
that happened you know what's wrong with
me whoa shit did you dish it on purpose
please don't do this anymore I'm just
scared he put the belt on ah don't do
that jig you don't hit this car up here
okay I'm done recording I'll stop
recording you stop so we're on our way
back to Dad's house so what happened
what happened was the whopper was good
but you didn't have a dad to yumbo I
tried to tell you I would have gotten
the yumbo originally there was a part of
time right there trying to tell you
you're a liar right here is what I'm
going to insert the clip of me trying to
tell dad there was the yumbo ever ever
did try if you told me you wouldn't had
to walk I didn't tell you I tried to
tell you I said oh yeah they also have
and you told me to shut up
you're a liar you know they also have
Judy shove I'm getting a damn full
cheese whopper I was just trying shout
fine John whatever
anyway I'm full it's starting to get
dark dude I know his tear down - damn it
was afternoon when we laugh I know it
we screwed around there for almost hour
and a half trying to get two sandwiches
that is insane
I gotta go on a shares Boyardee and
Peter premium-priced it's still waited
this long
Bridget about your houses hope I
somewhat part things we died dude what
happened here oh yeah about at you dude
what I do for you to do this matter oh
oh my god dude
that's pure yumbo oh okay you know a
fart is bad when you can smell it
holding your breath I held my breath and
smelled that farm oh well
follow that Walgreens I picked up some
combos sweet and salty vanilla frosting
and sweet and salty caramel you happy
with your kids meal bud why so we got
jig huh Angry Birds you got angry bird
so we're gonna try these
smoke they're pros this is caramel
combos nasty now I'll try it
we're gonna try vanilla frosting I'm a
little more optimistic about this one
than the caramel these are bad but well
I'm leaving dad's house
first of all you can't drive but second
of all you learn the wall today did you
yeah I'm still angry not about the
walking I'm angry that you scared me in
the street on purpose because you didn't
tell me about the yumbo I'm naming this
blog grandpa can't drive and I'm gonna
name it by a better start talkin grandpa
does that mean but um this isn't about
the young but it is about the other over
buddy elbow so you scared me because the
yumbo to you too buddy elbow first I
went to got the damn bro I'm telling you
I tried to tell you we were in line I
said oh yeah they also have and you told
me you should I not oh man I did not
like a one-piece please God help me
you know you get here
Oh No underneath there you can go so
leaving dad's house calling the blog
grandpa can't drive call wherever you
want I don't care you will be the end
cutscene no you gotta be fun well I'm
back home now uh dad scared me with that
driving when I watched the footage I
guess it didn't seem as scary as I
thought it was what I was there but I
swear it seems like when we were in the
street like these cars were closer I
don't know it was part of my disorder or
the glasses or I don't know but I was
terrified
so thanks dad you scared me
that's why I called it Inger grandpa
can't drive I'll go pick a boy can't
drive so Who am I to say somebody can't
drive so anyways I am saving the Burger
King video now and I'm torn I don't know
what to call it either anger grandpa the
four cheeseburger King whopper or
whatever or the Burger King gumbo hot
ham and cheese sandwich
maybe the whopper because that's what we
initially went to see whatever you're
seeing if you're seeing this now you're
going to know what the video title I
chose was because it already be up so
the link for that is below it will also
be at the end cutscene today
whichever one it is check it out also
like always there's going to be some
stuff that I didn't use in the video I
don't think there's much this time that
I didn't use but there were some stuff
because we were there for a while dude
like when we were in line at Burger King
it was like 30 minutes at a time it was
cool it was pretty ridiculous that the I
I don't know why it is because someone
has to speak their order but after a
spoken they can go make it I don't know
but ha check this out this is some of
the deleted scenes jesus fucking christ
how long as this been we've been
centered 20 fucking minutes
over a fucking whopper fuck hold him -
pickles in the less about faced a
goddamn speaker Shh this is ridiculous
i goddamn take a nap go sleep wake up
for breakfast eat here this is insane
very
a goddamn beer jug or knees just sitting
they get their new speaker in I should
have already done that man fuck you sure
Toby had fucking young boy I got me a
damn young book
dude chill I tried to tell you dude fuck
loss to the model hey I got some left
hey long boy helices that's good
sandwich man is what makes a sandwich
new me I wasn't though no I don't think
so
Cadell my young Bogart hmm thought
Dimon's goddamn what me shit I want to
humble bad you were waiting here from
well wait shit my ass you know it was
right here I try to tell you they had
the gumbo you told me I know what I want
shut up I didn't know what I wanted now
I get to yell Mose and go home
fuck you checking his ID boy you take
his goddamn money what you think about
Grandpa the hot ham and cheese young buy
the sandwich you want one for yourself
hey listen guys there's a sweet video of
Clyde and bridges not going ah so anyway
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching hope you had a great
day I had a great day chasing the van
and walking to Walgreens of waiting for
dad and I didn't have a great day I was
sarcasm
so anyway thanks for watching you guys I
hope you had a great day hope you liked
the new video I'm just gonna t make him
one tonight I might watch TNA started on
a new channel destination USA or America
or something i stead of recording for so
I might go check out TNA also earlier
while I was out I picked up boyhood on
blu-ray I've already seen it but it's an
amazing movie if you don't know what
boyhood is it was a 12-year project by
Richard Linklater
and uh he took one boy and he cast them
in the movie is basically watching this
kid grow up you see the kid go from if
you see on the back there it's blurry
you see him go from a child to a man
like instantly also being that I've
already got it digitally it came with an
ultraviolet code so if somebody does
ultraviolet the first one to do that can
have it uh if you're watching this laser
chances are it's been redeemed but there
is a free ultraviolet code for somebody
but thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite and that's it
alright no talking down
that's just in cutscene I don't know I
don't talk in the worktop this is the
end cutscene I'll get all the job he has
taught me for talking kind of dude are
you trying to run my life all the
goddamn time this is what you said about
the burger I'm not trying to run your
life see that's when that right there is
when I try to tell you bout the yumbo
when you were telling me that I can't
run your life telling you what to order
this good trying to run my life tell me
where we'll do I'm not trying to run
your life you know you are the Sun you
need someone to have the FOB you need
someone help watch after you sometimes I
mean nobody you need me and I need you
so a it work yeah that's that's true I
need you and you need me that's true
that's exactly right we need each other
that's right we don't have much you know
Danny we're 11 getting married next week
we have a baby why you think I'm taking
a Philadelphia
Oh II be pregnant
