what's going on you guys bitch OS here
hanging out can't be on a camera here
for first for I know what I'm saying
first and a few minutes we're gonna be
go into Walmart whoo
I guess that'd have been second because
first we just got done watching Always
Sunny in Philadelphia great as usual
really good episode and never seen a
show after it I don't want to discuss it
huh neither we watch this other show man
seeking woman
I was expecting okay if you don't know I
don't know the guy forget the guys name
he is the hipster from this is the end
uh
Jay I think his name was I think so uh
it's a show for hipsters that says all I
can say a man seeking woman
he started going on a date with a troll
and I personally know he's gonna wake up
this like yeah it's a dream it's totally
a dream right but he was dreaming we
ever watch five minutes of I know they
let me pull up and review at this show
IGN gave it eight point five by the way
nice call on Alan I'd ran an IGN
specifically notes that his girlfriend
starts dating a hundred and twenty
six-year-old Adolf Hitler so I said
bye-bye I'm not watching show no more so
we turned it off we deleted it never
watching it again look I feel bad about
talking crab on IGN because I like IGN
I like IGN to but they failed me on this
review hey you failed me igme frickin
agree
so it's Thursday we're gonna go to
Walmart imma have a throwback Thursday
story for you tonight so let's get on
Thursday started I can tell the future
we're gonna buy groceries I can tell the
picture to your right
chances are you're right oh so here we
go
Thursday getting started well we're in
Walmart right now
and we are at the office that I
shouldn't be in look I won um no no no
don't get Oh got it
okay for your mini took braces let's
just try one I'll throw it away is
everything I've dreamed up let's get it
so where I Walmart we look for some
stuff food what can we just want to I
gave me this like the craziest look like
how driv filming in Walmart there what
weather well fuck them
okay I don't want more let's go film her
no come on
so anyway I just got a look she's gone
with one of the mum those I see lots of
Pope lots of Pulp and yeah
who likes boat like that much pole dude
I love Paul so good yeah there's too
much of it now look at this Oh Lord
that's a lot of fun that's a little too
much pop I hope it hold it up because at
the camera can't see it I'm going to
show them you can't tell the pulp is too
here yes I wanted I want it why do you
like that much bulb dude it's so good it
actually tastes like you do see yourself
but you didn't and then you guys get
your calcium intake so you get 2
different orange juices yeah this is the
worse the one that I really like that
you got yeah the Sun no blood yeah yeah
I'm not a banana drinker do you want it
I'm not a banana fan yeah but bridge got
this banana orange pineapple juice and
this is delicious
it is really good South Carolina is home
to pimento cheese Chris who is rude
brand that isn't that good does
everybody have pimento cheese that are
just like local I don't know
we have local but Ruth
I don't know okay
and what is this one
Oh each level little much better it
looks right now yeah man cool what are
the odds of that run that's really funny
yeah yeah man you wanna shoot me in the
ball sure if you keep up
back in the day weeks to come to the
star every time we'd come mom would
chuck stuff do it no I'm not gonna do it
ma am I'm waiting for little things
we'll see for example one time mom threw
a big can of like Tomatoes floods like
the big ones my dude you were going to
tell somebody oh my god like I'd be
walking out on ecstasy an egg lit up
that was mom
oh my god I'm wearing a hoodie or
anything you know you remember uh last
week you were bitching because you said
oh this doesn't feel like winter it's
too hot I know and I said oh no winter
sucks I know the door so spaceship
anyway hey I was right
whatever it is too cold this sucks I
like winter angry grandpa yeah I watched
your stuff all the time man feeling
right now man nice to meet you man I
hardly know ya that's the guy up angry
grandpa brother we love you thank you
yeah yeah check it out
yeah yes
can you dig yes how was your day Bella
so just a minute ago I turned on the
camera cuz I wanted to film Bella she
was being really cute next to me and the
second i opened the camera she just
takes off running fuck you
this basically was like Oh Bella hold
still fuck you bye bye
took off runnin funny why did you Dez me
Bella
whenever I hold one the others get
jealous laughing lazy and now the other
two are starting to swarm hey lady you
want that oh he's pressing so bad no
good well that's gonna be about it for
today but as you can see there's still a
couple more minutes to go on the vlog so
it's not totally the end because I
wanted to tell a throwback Thursday
story now I may have told this story
before because it's so fucked up it's
one of my worst memories in life that
chances I probably have told it so
excuse me if I've told it before if
you've heard it go ahead and skip it
maybe we'll say four minutes skip skip
ahead four minutes although I'll
probably still be talking I decided to
tell this story because we're about to
go on our family vacation to
Philadelphia so I thought I would talk
about our last family vacation which was
about 2002 grandpa had just bought a
brand-new van and a Shasta camper you
know we really we loved that camper we
lived in it for a little while when we
were homeless oh that's another vlog so
we got this Shasta camper in this
brand-new van and dad decides at the
drop of the Hat man we were going to go
their family vacation he'd been watching
too much TV I think he just watched the
episode of Malcolm in the Middle where
they decided to go to the waterpark we
need to do some chili like that for us
so he decided we were going to go to I
don't know where I was anymore the
Santee River or something some sort of
Lake it was about three hours from our
house and we packed up the camper and we
drove out that way hours later we showed
up to the vacation spot we set up the
camper and dad decides when you go get
the goddamn boat whoa cuz I want to go
fishing so me my sister and her husband
the time decided that we were going to
go find a boat so we could go fishing
and we found this little place they rent
u-boats by the hour and I thought we
were going to get this nice boat I was
like oh we're renting a boat the way you
could call it a boat it was a piece of
floating 10 it was a jon boat
uh these john boats are tiny and look
that's all you gotta say they're tiny
it's like who set sail on it you know
wait this thing already felt unsafe and
we pulled off the dog and we're going in
the water baby we're going things sounds
like it's ready to break down this boats
on his last leg I'm sure by now is
sitting in a junkyard somewhere my
sister's husband thought of himself as a
navigator of sorts like he was the
Santee River Christopher Columbus he
thought oh I know my way through this
and they give you a map so you can
manage your way out of there park he
didn't care he decides to skip it and go
straight ahead and about ten minutes
into the water ride we hit something and
the boat stops let me paint the picture
for you for a second we're in this
little John boat three people all we've
got as a whistle it's daylight and we're
in the middle of nowhere
we look around all you see is water as
far as you as far as the eye could see
there are no other boaters nobody and
we're stuck we don't know what we're
gonna do we're screaming help nobody's
coming to save us hours go by
we went there about ten o'clock in the
morning and now it's starting to turn
sunset we're getting scared now are we
gonna die on this thing we're talking
about swimming you know like okay or
worst case scenario we get to jump for
and swim we're fucked
at one point earlier in the day we
decided to take the boat and switch it
to the other side of the boat that's the
kind of boat we're dealing with we can
move the motor to the other side of the
boat so I mean I don't know how most
boats are but I don't think you can do
that so we switch the motor and we start
going
but as we're doing that the boats
sinking
and water starts flooding into the boat
really okay we're sinking this is it we
are going to die here
the boat is filling with water the Sun
is burning the shit out of me I take my
shirt off I'm screaming I'm blowing on
thus whistle a boat comes by at one
point they don't save us they're just
waving hey we're screaming aah
they're just waving back y'all having
fun no what finally it's dark
I'm almost passed out on the boat from a
heat stroke my god I can't breathe
about another boat comes out shining a
light you guys okay we're like help us
the boat puts a chain on the other boat
and they drag us to this place called
Goat Island and that's been it sucks we
are stranded we're burning finally we
get saved and finally we go back to the
camper desert where the fucking hell you
goddamn bin look uh hello we've been
trapped in the middle of the water I
thought that my nightmare was over not
quite
the next day turns out I had Sun
poisoning I've been out in the Sun for
so long my skin was red I look like a
freakin Lobster and I couldn't move I'm
just laying them in the bed like
clanking down every time that would come
in goddamn Buick shit Bo no shit I hurt
dad would occasionally sneak in the hole
uh huh huh Here I am those painful
experience in my life he slaps me on the
back of the sunburn I'm screaming he
doesn't care
my back's bleeding it's got pus oozing
out all over the place is I have Sun
poisoning view no bullshit I was
poisoned by the Sun so everybody else
finishes their vacation they're fishing
I hear them outside singing Kumbaya
roasting marshmallows and I'm on the
freakin couch in the camper crying it
was horrible the next day about three
days later when I say the next day we
decide to leave
I'm huddled up in a blanket on the van
shivering and I start vomiting
I was sick dude I was so sick that I
didn't get off the couch for two weeks I
had Sun poisoning I thought I was going
to die so that was the story of our last
vacation
we got a camper we rented a boat the
boat broke down
I got Sun poisoning my vacation was
ruined so let's hope the trip to
Philadelphia is a little bit better
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite follow her on everything nope
yeah and that's it alright think of it
like The Price is Right spin the wheel
they're gonna prizes right you get to
spin in man free
