what's going on you guys QB on the
camera here grandpa there and we are on
our way to Rack Room Shoes Rack Room
Shoes where we enter the Rack Room Shoes
and we're gonna find us some new shoes
to wear to Philadelphia because the
other boots that we got aren't gonna
happen they're too small too small just
don't say it goodness a small so they
are good enough they're good enough it
ain't my size so we're looking some
other ones on our way to the rack room
why don't you can you receive any of
that our abyad Rosie oh my god Michael
you gotta hang on the fucking receipts
oh shit just go oh shut up hey no cars
coming back room little nice little
Plaza ragout not gonna say remember a
movie uh Redrum Redrum rock world Rack
Room backroom rapper Redrum Redrum so
here we are coming up onto the rack room
shoes we're gonna find us on these shoes
and this weather sucks huh show off some
weather for you anyway let's go to hook
in there well we're leaving there quick
ain't head up goddamn so we're leaving
the rack room we were there for about 30
seconds she saying about and they didn't
have any shoes none I don't know where
else to go
um neither do i chip well grandpa and I
are now on our way to the shoe carnival
because the rack room had nothing at the
IQ believe me that no give no choice no
nothing
how do you call yourself a shoe store
you don't sell shoes uh-huh
we wouldn't they're looking for the
boobs and when we got those about four
pair of boots let's suck em jesus
fucking christ
calm down it's bad but we've got to have
any right why do your shoe store you got
no shoes rack roof all I'm iffy now we
sure that there's a shoe carville up
here well now we found a shoe carnival
yeah we found five and the weather still
sucks over here and the weather sucks
everywhere fuckin Somerville is where
there's terrible dude cross your fingers
that they got boots here because that
will be stupid I thought the only
Filipino Susy they sell shoes man all
shoes okay so we found the shoes do you
goddamn price it Jesus Christ that's
true and yeah they are a tad pricey but
I guess you get what you pay for
exactly nice shoes nice money
nice shoes nice money
Thirteen's they're important
well physical office the hell only wants
you that's probably right here shit
why put him above it
those are better prices right - how's
miss you
alright think of it like The Price is
Right spin the wheel think of the price
is right you get to spinning man she's a
creep rise $3.00 on damn your boots are
heavy I just want to I just had to
record leaving and I couldn't carry the
bag just a heavy
what is a heavy yes
hey that's where you have mantra Beverly
isn't it huh yes we had lunch of Beverly
right what right there yeah grab lunch
Beverly at my father's area look
familiar
oh good eatin to us good sandwich well
just got back from shoe carnival
grandpa's in the bathroom trying on his
shoes and I got one of mine on now you
ready Bridget yeah
Oh looking good
mmm like that yeah good today man let's
go upstairs
that's my sexual confused dad went
upstairs to put on his shoes 30 minutes
ago and bridges going upstairs to check
on him right now I hear water running
please go in there and see what he's
doing
yeah I think he's actually taking a
shower no he's not
I hear water can you hear his voice
because he sings in the shower no well
then I gotta check on dad I don't want
to go in there he's actually naked I
don't want to see that he's taking a
shower that's so funny hey Felix Felix
daddy's gonna take a bath
oh hey come here hey I was blurry Felix
you want to scare grandpa alright
grandpa got him she was on bro gams
why do you keep what do you say that
back in the old day that's what he's
called nice shooters bro games got a
broken jaw man nice you look old Brogan
back in the day why is that Shh
why is anything that's ready go I did
they usually come from something go
Brogan's I'll look it up google it did
you change your shirt when you were in
the bathroom ad - man why you didn't
like the shirt you were wearing no oh
that's a nice shirt you changed
everything you were more a different
over short - I know
we took a shower oh yeah take a shower
look a minute I didn't when I did not
want to put on new programs or less
unclean I thought it took you a while up
there you took a bath and everything
yeah you got good hot water and always
carry clean clothes from a van that's
insane dude well you look good I know I
look good I'm hot you don't look good
how about that you're a liar you know
you got a whole uh Seattle grunge look
going about you today yeah boy what is
this now he our wristbands and I'm a
hippie you used to be I used to be go
mad at me happy days oh man I'm
regressing oh yeah you're Benjamin
Button huh Benjamin Button who was a
Benjamin Button you know The Curious
Case of Benjamin Button now where he
were he regressed in age like reverse
age he started off as an old man turned
young I thought that was more cool Mork
& Mindy is that what happened yeah I
don't
I've never watched Morgan Mindy that's
the bottle just like for your Tonga yeah
it was just an alien know who it was
nearly but on his planet inverse age
they were born adults huh and died
babies oh my goodness then they stole
the idea yeah so Benjamin Button stole
the idea from Mork & Mindy yeah still
the weather is cold brain
and horrible what anybody you hate it
what are y'all doing out here come back
in they must have snuck I want to open
the door alright you guys go to the
bathroom
oh I'm sorry for dogs why can't y'all
use bathroom a human's hey fresh grass
why you mean the big clumps of brown
everywhere or that oh that's new grass
it's usually brighter sorry Felix you
can't come out buddy you'll run off we
don't know where you'll go so overall
pretty good day went to the shoe
carnival went to the rack room whom
didn't have shoes thanks a lot Rack Room
for wasting our time dad took a shower
that was really funny
oh yeah you're welcome to take a shower
in my house dad I just didn't know you
were doing it hey you know you're more
than welcome
we read your we read your comments uh as
you see I comment back to you guys
Bridgette reads the comments and she
noticed that some of you guys were
saying leave your hat at home which man
i'ma get fucked up if I wear a New York
hat while I'm in Philadelphia so guess
what bridge awarded me three hats uh
Eagles she got would you give yourself
an Eagles purse amigos purse she got
herself an eagle's Burstein yeah go
Eagles go go quarterback of the Eagles
yes I don't know who you are I don't
know your name but go you oh we got you
know we're gonna be pose errors for a
little bit so go Eagles fly like an
eagle we're going on our trip to
Philadelphia very soon grandpa's gonna
be flying that's gonna be hilarious
cuz I'm sitting next to him babe and I'm
gonna film him it's gonna be fun that
was annoying I know it myself with that
so I was alone
anyway it's no less annoying than your
Oh seriously I can't take that we're
gonna be safe and Philadelphia from
people who don't know we're not from
there yeah no word that wrong it they
don't know we're not from the I don't
know it looks like we're good we live in
Philadelphia at the city we're not gonna
be asking where's the Liberty Bell cuz
we already know even though we don't
we're not gonna ask anybody we got
phones yeah so thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite and the
hashtag aw and that's it those are for
boys hit me oh yeah what kid is these
are poor children
yeah these kids taller than I am oh jeez
like a kid walking around like this like
my pajamas yeah yeah what kid is tall
hey that's very funny
much I'm just abnormally sure now
