what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here do it Oh pass a bridge wes
is not here bridge Wes right there look
towards the lens Michael look towards
the lens today is Monday
which means number one wrestling which
means number two nothing else I'm just
going to chill at home once again dad's
not returning my phone calls we're not
doing another Monday mailbag video it's
ridiculous the relationship is only good
getting sour he won't talk to me I want
to talk to him he won't apologize I want
to apologize to him we're gonna have to
get a mediator involved so we can talk
to each other and work this thing out
and is that fog or smoke and by the way
today is super super super foggy let me
turn off this light check this out like
I'm waiting for some sort of like
creature or monster just come out of
this in the screwed up Bridget yeah it's
really creepy actually I wonder if the
fog looks like the same fog from many
vlogs ago remember that it does it is
the same
so I guess that's just what fog looks
like how cool
so the camera can't decide where to
focus me or the fog so it looks like I'm
sort of sitting out in the snowstorm
Fogg always weirds me out
just seeing it in the lens and the light
it's crazy so anyway let's get on Monday
started Bridget and I are about to go to
Target that's our store Valentine
section whoo the Valentine section at
Target that sounds like a blast
not really Oh Valentine's why I have a
feeling you're gonna propose me on
Valentine's Day you did the derpy derp
no he'll they got you a ps4 thank you
for the ps4 well we are in Target and
I'm thinking about getting this for my
trip really yeah man and then if some
tries to take it from me I'll say let it
go let it go
we're in Target
we're gonna be doing a little bit of
shopping oh yeah got it
yeah welcome to Target hey I rent it
looks like a bulldog maybe a cookie jar
they give you got a Boston Terrier tune
pretty crews they're right next to each
other huh in an owl which has no
significance to us you do not like owls
when did you like owls there is a Harry
Potter I'm gonna start we're gonna make
an effort to drink my water and I'm
gonna get some of these kool-aid liquids
and I got cute little gummy vitamins
because you can't swallow pills Hey oh
yeah I'm taking more vitamins that's so
cute
let me get some some of these ooh look
they got great something has gone wrong
with our body it was not like this we
came into the store I know right
what happened you just gone sour I know
that's crazy here we've readjusting
hello help
hey just don't fix it you are mr. Fixit
keep calm and give chocolate like a
chocolate rose do you this crowd so good
it's a gummy like ps4 controller
these are need chocolate oh my god
you drive me wild Oh Bridget always buys
this crap for every holiday it's crazy
Valentine's Day forks and spoons this is
an example of how you just totally go
all-in for holiday we're talking forks
and spoons and cups and napkins and
brownies those I accept
what are you doing demos those are for
boys they fit me oh yeah what kid is
these are our children yeah these kids
taller than I am
oh jeez like a kid walking around like
this like my pajamas yeah yeah what kid
that's all hey
that's very funny much I'm just
abnormally sure now look at this crap
hey I am enough Michael Stone Cold Steve
Austin
I could go for a plasma so yes I very
much still buy these that's a good
finder who cares I care
obviously by my level enthusiasm oh well
we're about to get out of here we got
plenty of this stuff
what are you telling me I got that for
me or is it really for me listen to my
cleaning get your fat ass off the couch
and probably lose a little bit away go
that's what dr. Phil will be sending me
right now no I want you to take one
looking at buggy put all those chips and
crackers and cookies crap you need to
get rid of that stuff if you want to
stick to the 2020 diet I got the hint
hey those are the ones I picked out
yapping about so we're watching Monday
Night Raw right now Seth Rollins versus
John Cena what did you just say
berserkers Booker I don't know if you
know but they got off that Island if you
didn't hear it just now Booker T said I
don't know if you watch Gilligan's
Island
but nobody ever came to save them they
died on that island they got off the
island man and they made two movies
about that so I don't know what version
of killing is all you watched but it
ain't the same one I watched they didn't
die on that island
Bella just chilling with me hey girl you
watching money that wrong with me feel
like your Clyde is - oh so just saying
here with Bella watching Monday Night
Raw I noticed a guy like a bump on my
face the hell is that what's going on my
face right Bella
right Bella right Bella fry Bella please
Bridget best friends people let me tell
you about my best friend it's Clyde and
Felix I love them till the end my best
friend my buddy hey your best friend
Felix no first single waitress cafe yup
tips you like carrying all the doll-like
just carry all three at once
boss I'll be licking her chops eat up
guys I'll get down boy
and feelings just laying next to oh quit
Bella
meanwhile I'm gonna take bridgett advice
I'm gonna read the dr. Phil book the
20/20 diet I got that book for me that
was your advice no starting with page 1
page 1 pickle boy lose fucking weight
you fat fuck Oh maybe mess I won't be
fucked up my yard really says it
then an awesome friend manga powers I
don't understand the concept of having
Hulk Hogan induct the Macho Man into the
Hall of Fame
considering that they hated each other
and some people say oh there were the
mega powers and you don't know your
history pickleboy yeah yeah that's true
they were the mega powers together they
were a tag team and they were in the NWO
together too and guess what after that
they fucking hated each other macho man
thought Hulk Hogan was trying to ruin
his marriage and that Hulk Hogan is the
reason that he and his wife got a
divorce and Macho Man made songs about
him calling him a pussy and they hated
each other and it was a very real feud
for a very long time and Hulk Hogan
likes to claim you know before macho man
died brother me and him made up and I
invited him to a barbecue and I don't
believe that happened for a second how
camacho man was never able to confirm it
you know the guy he hated for so many
years he now loves and then dies I can't
tell anybody tell any of us about it so
I don't buy that he and Hulk Hogan made
up the relationship I think he hated him
until he died and I don't know why Hulk
Hogan would induct him into the Hall of
Fame I don't get it
so anyway that's gonna be it for today
you guys eventually did talk to dad
today he said we're gonna get together
tomorrow I don't know what the plan is I
think we're gonna go get some more boots
he didn't like the boots that he got for
Philadelphia so we're gonna go get some
more he said he wants to go get some
like long johns which is like an entire
thing to wear underneath you uh you know
like think about the Waltons when
they're going to sleep at night what
they wear so thanks for watching you
guys hope you had a great Monday I did
really enjoyed my Monday thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite and
that's it my ps4 is downloading all my
games which it's been doing for hours
and I couldn't watch it anymore it was
driving me crazy
people to watch me I'm vlogging public
now
so I'm so happy you're happy I'm very
happy like me - I can't we do it's
movies again dude
I've got like six games downloading
simultaneously ps4 please
