good morning someone Wow
there's way too early for this Oh what
time is it Michael is actually not only
at all what time is it it's like 3:30 in
the afternoon you know I don't like
waking up that late
well I don't freaking like waking you up
so you need to sleep I went to sleep I
would asleep like 3:30 last night whoa
you had like 12 hours sleep
oh god hibernated yeah what's going on
you guys
KITT yet what is that a ps4 yep
holy shit I love you
what is this gone girl a movie holy shit
yeah hey happy yeah did you get this
yeah today hey I heard alien isolations
amazing I bought it I never downloaded
it we should play it
I love watched you play games okay GJ
thank you oh you're welcome
well oh I just got you know I okay well
got a ps4 this thing is sick Persian I
appreciate it
I should call dad and tantum no I don't
want him to know you have it actually
that's true well come over and destroy
it
Wow well we are in Walmart right now my
ps4 is downloading all my games which
it's been doing for hours and I couldn't
watch it anymore it was driving me crazy
people who watch me I'm vlogging in
public now it's crazy so I'm so happy
you're happy I'm very happy me too I
can't wait to its movies again dude
I've got like six games downloading
simultaneously ps4 pls play alien
isolation you can't do that on Xbox one
ha ha she wants me to play alien
isolation play you I've got a download
it so got alien isolation downloading we
got GTA downloading wrestling
downloading all my games are downloading
and while I wait we're going shopping
yeah Walmart our favorite store ever
no no I like Walmart actually ok so what
is going on with these Mountain Dews so
weird I never seen that so we got it's
almost like you get five Mountain Dews
and one bottle of piss yeah I know
right and they tasted a mountain Dew I
think that color before and it was like
five I don't know if I like trust it
early it's like a contest but find the
piss color bound oh this is so weird I
want some diet serum so that is very
bizarre-looking I don't know what's
wrong with it if we look at these none
of those look like it I know
since when do they start being this
shape maybe 1.25 liters
it's like bizarre-looking it's as tall
as the two leaders not as much drink
they are oh my god let's drink more
price okay look at this
so these rings are the same price but
they're bigger I went to how many waters
to two this is what we need to be
drinking yeah no more cups of grease and
gravy for us no we don't really do that
comment in the comments will believe
whatever they want to believe don't show
the bye man we got cereal stuff and diet
train Oh Lu this french toast crunch is
back man
hell yeah so we got it yeah hey bridge
are you interested in one sub roll oh
what's the barcode on this thing is that
hard yeah here's the rest of them so we
are back home now and it's been hours
since I was at Walmart but in that time
GTA has finished downloading and I am
playing it and I'm going to go try to
find the ghost girl yeah don't hit me
I'm going to go try to find the ghost
girl so as the story goes there was a
murderer and in GTA there was a murder
the chick was killed and at eleven
o'clock and one spot on the map her
ghost appears and you know everybody's
seen it before you know it's been on
countless YouTube videos but I'm gonna
go to it myself okay here is the spot
you will notice when you're at the spot
you'll see two trees right there you'll
see this little rocky cliff and the
ghost is going to appear here on this
rock so loophole the map for those of
you who have never done this before you
don't know about it and this is where
you go you zoom all the way in there
you'll see this part of the map okay
let's zoom all the way out so you can
see so here's the top of the map you go
towards the side there it is look for
that right there so right now on the map
it is about seven o'clock
so I'm waiting for an eternal 11 o'clock
at that spot and the ghost will appear
is she'll only stay there until midnight
about two minutes in real world time so
that's where you go and we're gonna see
the ghost in just a minute
then after that I'm gonna go find the
sunken UFO because this is stuff that I
wanted to do before grandpa destroyed
the ps4
I'd already planned on doing it they
destroyed the ps4 and I wasn't able to
do it
one thing that sucks is I did lose all
my progress on all the games that I have
uh I was hoping there was some sort of
cloud or something but there wasn't and
I lost all my progress so I've been
having to replay the game I've gotten
you know a fair amount into the game but
it sucks having to replay thank you Dad
for that so Felix is actually watching
the game what do you think Felix and the
strange having a ps4 here so as you can
see it is about to turn 11 o'clock at
about 15 more seconds so here we go 11
soon is 11 o'clock hits the ghost should
appear right there on that rock which is
that about 10 seconds I've never seen
this before myself so I don't know if
this is going to work this could fail or
she could appear so doesn't that be
really cool so here we go five more
seconds
holy shit there it is holy shit there's
the ghost let's go up to her the closer
you get they say the more she'll
disappear but we're gonna find out she
disappeared on us but there is something
wriggled on the rock jock the name of
her killer and that looks like sort of
like a face right there
okay so the sunken UFO is going to be
somewhere around this area we were at
the top of the map I'm about to go
diving in the water to look for it it's
somewhere around here now the first
thing that I'm going to do is put on the
invincibility so I don't drown because
I'm not going to use that submarine
because one I don't know where it is I
don't know how I can use it I'll end up
I have a jet and to uh it's easier oh
there it is holy crap
that scares me actually like I have a
sense of fear as I swim up to this damn
thing
Wow so here it is this is a UFO that has
crashed into the ocean right here on GPA
so this is underneath the UFO and GTA
and with roughly about 20 seconds left
of invincibility I'm going to drown to
death another thing so that was the
ghost girl and that was the sunken UFO
on GTA 5 that was pretty cool really
awesome had the ps4 back so Felix and
Clyde are just laying together on their
backs
give me the look well that's gonna be
about it for today you guys I'm gonna
start playing some ps4 try to get myself
advanced into GTA
being at a loss to my progress I hope
you guys liked things from the video
game footage that's not something that I
do very often so you know that's kind of
new so you know I don't know if you guys
like seeing it or not but I just wanted
to show a little bit of the game being
that I've been playing it and that's
what I was doing so anyway thanks for
watching you guys Bridget thank you for
the ps4 I'm really really happy thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite dad
you better not destroy this one and
that's it except my volume I accept it
