what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here but to us here right there
today is Sunday today is Sunday and you
guys today we've got a very special
guest we told you a couple of days ago
that they were coming we sort of hinted
at it by telling you directly who it is
in yesterday's vlog guys we have a
special guest comment below who do you
think it is
there was a small hint tiny little hint
in the yesterday's vlog guys but today
it's a very tiny night guys if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog it was a
whole thing with Kim's flight it's like
it's a big problem because Kim is flying
from Syracuse to Charleston today as our
special guest and there was a whole
thing so guys who do you think is too
special
if she has two daughters who is it guys
who is my sister flying it today guys
let me know who it is
today is Sunday today we got a special
guest Doug who do you think the guest is
fat like hey guys come here that's just
wrong Lord our hug to be infront of a
big pile of trash Eliza can I get a hug
now hey I missed you hello son Calvin
give me a hug I miss you
it doesn't fit the water here we go
why does she call you why do you call
her that I'm going to put up a
translation bar on this thing you want
to see me do it Michael be careful I'm
too old for this I told everybody
whatever muscles here
we just left grandpa's house you guys
things aren't that good but we're not
we're not losing hope it is really light
it's actually 10:00 at night and the
girls turn on this light the girls
haven't eaten yet you guys hungry
you hungry yeah I know you did
how you doing back there Eliza that's
too dark to see you hey sit still
how you doing Eliza she doesn't care
hungry
Louise got a bottle in her mouth who
once I all right all right Curtis legs
up boys Oh Lilly sorry I just got a
really funny text message from Jenny
dude says y'all didn't tell me Doug was
blind in one eye how in the hell does he
have a driver's license oh my god guys
Doug is driving Jennifer to high hump
right now so I just texted her back he
can't see it not at all oh my god it's
bad
oh man autocorrect typing with one hand
there we go it's I can't put its iPad
either way she'll get the message also
if you wanted to see what I got her on
my phone has is Jennifer Doug's wife
only way so Jennifer just texted back
she says what WTF except she typed out
the real work so I can't show you now no
one told me
Gidi and I said he got in a bad accident
last Saturday didn't you see his truck
no question mark I go to yeah so right
now Jennifer isn't a terror taxi
probably cry goodbye this point so yeah
Jennifer is really terrified to be
driving you guys as it is she's a new
driver she's sort of like me we don't
like driving yeah
Jennifer dug spine he could drive a
night I'm just messing with you but I
like doing okay did you see that booty
she is not happy
wait here she actually was a little
carsick and now she's mad at me because
I won't call her dad she's I call my
daddy
I tried Kim she's busy right now I'm not
like I don't know how to handle the
situation
Lisey okay okay get your pancake okay
it's over
Betty had a spark hey Doug you having a
good time kids say walk
Doug's are a glorified babysitter all
right now you can cover hop without
disaster oh my gosh it was it was your
kid no guys so Kim stayed at the house
with dad with Lauren and as I told you
guys Eliza got car sick and threw up in
the car and and the restaurant she puked
on the table like oh my goodness
yeah it is crazy then a few minutes
later Jimmy who stands up there just was
vomiting this like blue liquid
everywhere yeah it was so rose look at
the other people that are trying to eat
this lady was like mmm
and you can smell it it was so bad I got
a good luck the restaurant was so
frustrated cuz like I'm sitting I was at
Doug take him outside
I don't got the keys I was like I know
like he was so white he was gonna puke
again I figured something when all of a
sudden like only part of the group came
back Jennifer took the other Jimmy and
Eliza and left early
we just couldn't like it was hard what
what is all this
right this is paragraphs nobiscum what
is all this it's like Oh No is this like
college work
no that's lilies like homework stuff she
has to do while she's here please take a
look what I'm showing you this thing
what is this that is Lily's work there's
like a manual yeah no that is Lily
school this is what grade ii whatever
second grade what am I looking at what
is that I don't know what I'm staring at
drink like fractions she's onto algebra
what what yeah and what written I was
afraid
yeah we did this was like these torches
to put a table together right yeah
you're like what is this no forget are
you smarter than a 5th grader
I'm not smarter than a static right
watch wait for her she'll show us how to
do it what is this what what is this
stuff it's directions to make a table or
something I feel like this is like the
mystery to time-travel like what I need
to start algebra in ninth grade I don't
remember getting down over we didn't
reach out there I think I dropped out
before that okay I was out no we're not
gonna do it yeah this is crazy
way to make me feel stupid I I don't
even know what I'm looking at well we'll
have the seven-year-old toughest well go
to sleep okay sweet come on
ah come on Bella
you're not in trouble
we're gonna be getting out of here in
just a few minutes you guys before we do
I do want to give you like another
update on how things went with Grampa
today if you were expecting like some
big dramatic turnaround and good news
suddenly that's not what happened today
more the same really you know like I
said the other night they told us they
didn't think he was gonna make it until
the morning and so I'm very happy that
Kim you were able to get here you know
before anything would have happened
basically today all we really did was
sat with him we talked with him and kept
telling him how much we appreciated him
I kept telling him how much I loved him
how much he did for me how much he did
for you guys how much he changed all of
our lives and I'll be grateful for the
rest of my life for it and I'll never
forget him and I guess that's an obvious
statement who forgets their father right
but I'll never forget him you guys never
forget him I told him I was like you
have sir mast over a billion views on
YouTube and he you know smiled and that
made him really happy he wasn't really
talking he wasn't really coherent it
wasn't really conscious but I feel like
he understood what was being said and
what we were talking about allies that
kept singing Christmas songs to him and
he would squeeze our hands when she was
doing that it's look it's a bad
situation you guys this is I feel like I
don't have any tears left I've been
crying
constantly for you know a week and I'm
running out of tears and like I don't
want you guys to think that because we
had some fun in this vlog because we're
laughs and we're joking that we're all
fine because behind the smile you know
in the back of our minds it's there and
that's you know the update he's he's
still bad it's still looking like the
end of the road and I don't want to
pisses me off to say that he is my best
friend in the whole world we did this
together for the longest it was me Dad
and Bridget now I don't want to face the
life where it's just me and Bridget it's
like I don't know what that life is it's
it's always been the three of us and
it's unknown to me and it's foreign and
I'm gonna miss them like crazy but it's
the reality that I've been trying to
wrap my head around it's the worst like
time of my life
I couldn't do it I got Bridget here I
love you I couldn't do without you like
him I'm glad you're here could do it
without her I could do it without him
Tara
guys try it we're trying to stay happy
and laugh and joke as much as we can in
such a horrible time and it's believe me
this is the worst like time of my life a
couple of times he did talk and it was
saying like he saw his dad and he was
like I'm coming and you know as much as
we don't want him to go I don't want him
to suffer anymore because he isn't a lot
of pain you guys he's got bed sores and
they're bad and there they can only keep
it so pain-free and so dad I love you
you have to go you have to go
so we're gonna do this outro now I love
you sorry you're suffering so much I
know you're tired
and you got to go to sleep you got to go
to sleep so guys that's the update or
dad let's do this outro well that's
gonna be a further day you guys thanks
for watching kind of crappy day I was
gonna say pretty good day that's a lie
day kind of sucked today was pretty crap
but it is what it is guys I want to take
a minute to say thank you guys so much
for all the love and the support that
you guys went showing us over this past
month you've been buying shirts
you've been liking the vlogs you've been
tweeting us support other youtube other
youtubers have been reaching out to say
their respects to dad so guys thank you
to everybody who's done anything to
support us over this past like month or
two it's just been it's been amazing
thank you guys so much it's just thank
you guys so much we seriously appreciate
it beyond words yes and we really needed
it you know I don't know if I could have
gotten through any of this I've spent so
depressing I'm gonna need it more
because this is only just beginning so
guys thank you so much I love you guys
so much thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite on everything for
just and that's it
I love you guys so much I'm serious I
love you guys
you
