what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here just gotten to I thought you
were apologizing I took it back why cuz
I gave him you didn't take it so I took
it back I'm not going to set it right
away I'm giving a loan
well you're down share I don't hang
about Julian here I think I did break it
he was the ps4 Oh what beautiful money
bro I didn't break one my fault I'm
gonna finish it
ah it's on YouTube that was who had a
look like me by the way okay there's no
way he believes this to be true
hey if it is that's 20 yards I look like
me up you did when you get naked at the
airport I got you got why well I can
think about that I when you get naked at
therefore I'm going to make sure I'm
filming it and I put it on redtube you
know I even took down the airport we
want to argue about this year and I'm
going to make sure you got a GoPro
camera to show the freakin joystick
going right up into your ass
so go probe how you do - shit oh don't
you head for you got a headache still
not bad headache okay you gotta do that
right another ride this is bullshit
yeah don't even say anything won't be a
week either you go keep your mind strong
man
Oh God tase ride again huh
you gonna shock me shock okay yes a lot
thought so
dad flipped out he offered an apology
you yanked it right back because you
would accept it don't say it right if
you're gonna say it he'd say it you
can't gank in Regina would anybody ask
you another what you got there that
cocaine hit a cop what you offer me one
no okay if you gotta get up see I
thought we were starting to bond as
father and son per seconds and maybe
their football gear whatever fuck it
well let's go Michael ah take three from
out of God you got there yeah
pretty cool killer headache so I was
over here chilling with dad and he tells
me he you know Oh Michael think I'm
gonna apologize to you I just I'll hold
that thought so I got the camera I
wanted to get the historic moment on
camera and you flipped at one point you
did apologize I did but I didn't accept
it right away and I'm not hearing I
don't know
no you answer me this does it doesn't
apology give me a new ps4 hell no okay
so then why should I accept right away
beat me I didn't even care about the ps4
anymore
yeah as the loudest Jesus your phone
vibrates so hard that almost goes off
the table
we did so hey um listen
no I I'm fed up that one I'm a talker in
the breaking out with you I'll beat you
AF so every time dad gets a text message
it sounds like a chainsaw I hear it
that's what I think I'm gonna do next
time I come over here i'ma have a
fucking chainsaw what what to cut your
arms off with you ain't right
I'm joking obviously you tried to punch
me in the face you want to have a fist
fight
I'm ready for you to show them fist the
camera sure love it already a boy said
you hated I brought you a bag of chips
and a drink pecking they're gone well I
accept
I don't accept give it a more why don't
you give it because I gave it one time
you didn't accept it so that Wow maybe
one day maybe whatever yeah whatever
it is what it is we have to start
talking again we got to do money mailbag
again yeah I know so when can I come
over and do it I don't know I won't talk
to you no more
see this is what I'm talking about who
you whatever
and your name Fred who the fuck is Fred
you you know dad what everyone's don't
come dad coming mr. green whatever Bob
don't call the pop comics Green okay
Charles Green that works whatever then
see you by coloring no my lessons green
you're no date my name is Michael Green
back window name so now I can in here on
the green legacy hello tell you to go
whatever dude fine I'm out go back to my
house where it's fun how of that so for
those wondering Bella is feeling a lot
better to the
a right girl she was running around
earlier she has a slight limp still but
it's not a quarter as bad Bella you
wanna show me foot I like she was
showing foot but she's walking a lot
better today so today was grandpa's
bullshit apology uh whatever there was
some stuff that I didn't use in the
video so just going right to it check
this out
cut it off no need a meter you give me a
goddamn headache you're not meeting it's
not sincere dude and then I gave me that
font to rock brick or whatever was
Christmas yeah else buddy come on virgin
but like oh my god you're not
apologizing for shit damn I love my ball
gun ah okay are you gonna apologize or
not Martin I'm sorry I broke ups ah
sorry I booked a table the boo-boos foot
you're not sorry dude I am sorry Michael
goddammit vagina
I know waters outside a polite weeks and
you just I just don't feel like you've
really apologized refer oh haha
I apologize Michael the fucking house of
horrors there's a closet of whores come
on let me out let me get get up from
this
why are you tearing my closet trying to
get up I accept your apology you better
have you
I accept
what dude yeah my closet that's my heart
chamber get out I'm scared to walk by
you yeah you know this is what's really
fucked up you're expecting me to accept
an apology that you're getting out of me
through scaring me with a text you owe
some nice gentle sorry
come on yeah your your apology is so
heartfelt I can feel it can you feel
those are you loving it out come on
he'll be by us up I got something for
you come on
you've made your damn stick away out
whatever do what I used to Michael I'll
take you Bobo come on
am I scared to move I didn't do nothing
Bob on me girl
well Bobby one I respect I do nothing
give me a reason to not respect you no
more hey let's go let me tell you
something I'm sorry Michael
oh I'm sorry Michael
Paul you rejected that's gonna be it for
today you guys uh for those wondering
the reason I took out the stuff that you
guys just got done watching the deleted
scenes was because I did I felt like
they didn't help tell the story that
happened at the house ah we got into an
argument he threatened me he wanted to
fight me tried to shock me and all the
other stuff just felt a little long and
added on so excited to take that stuff
out but I put it in today so you guys
could see it so anyway hope you guys
liked it uh thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite and that's it
now your God what he would not punch me
in the face oh right yeah pull you right
between you fucking eyes is that the way
you try to push my brain up into my nose
how's that work you gotta be be ready no
but isn't there a way you can like I
have no idea my well I come to Connie he
used to tell me all the time I tell you
all kind of shooting you know you just
don't know to believe it
