what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here need a better mood be just
here are you talking you've just been a
rotten mood all day all day to date so
dad tells me I come over he was being an
asshole right when I got over here fuck
you Mike
all that shit you gotta take you soft
you know when you do that that PA then
tiene nobody else ESA yeah you don't
know about all this yeah dude just to
get completely naked what to go through
the TSA guy getting naked yes yeah dude
you have to go into this machine uh
first first things first
there's a big line of people and first
things first you got to take off your
clothes
what yes you have to be Nate why because
you have to know you don't have anything
so they'll go hang I know where
neo-gothic no they don't know that and
then a nurse goes then you have to bend
over to me well the thing is that's the
first that's the second part first thing
is when you take off your clothes you
put everything in this bin and they go
through all the pockets and they go
through your wallet what you have to
check your bank account what that's all
kinds of stuff they have to do but then
to get on an airplane yes
and then to uh they put you this chamber
you have to lift your ballsack
yeah I ain't going we have to okay via
the biggest thing that they shove up
your butt is the flashlight just to see
if there's anything up there but so we
you get on that plane and we going to
Philly so you are getting on the planes
though yeah me and you okay I'm Bridget
huh yeah we're just coming who better
mmm I guess I did it a over your
father's other dude I made it a big
family thing even I even Fighter freakin
Beverly you invited Beverly dude yeah
shit Jimmy
I guess will sauce me a surprise the
thing is dude she ain't seen you naked
yet she can see that the airport when
you been oh man
funny right i would√≠ve mean you're
gonna see her naked yeah you don't get
to see her because she goes to the
private room but you have to look your
ballsack in front of everybody and bend
over and far so I'll be naked ran by
Beverly ain't exactly and you you
we'll be digging for anybody but she
ain't exactly we have to be naked on the
plane so no I don't believe that you
might you might be right about the damp
but you give it that our plane oh no
you're not gonna be naked on the plane
but they do make you well it's only
during takeoff though you do have to
shove that thing up your butt during
takeoff I showed up a little abaya no
way do I do nothing and you're not gonna
fly so if I get up in the plane Falls I
got something stuck up my ass look
that's why it's there have you ever
heard of this before
this was higher up on the board this is
post 9/11 flying I never thought the
joint side they were free whatever fly
pre 9/11 there was no joysticks up the
ass but post 9/11 there was a joystick
they get shoved up your ass
and that way they know if you get up so
what what do women have done to them so
they can fly the women got these clamps
that they clamp into the vagina and it
clamps shut that keeps your spiders
drawing out come on put you on the spot
you're making a joke of this thing I'm
not here to joke go ahead make a joke
with the team have a Jonin spider let me
tell you something they see this video
we're gonna have a jar of spiders they
see this joke and they see you making a
mockery of the tsa they're gonna shove
two joysticks up your eyes they do that
my eyes ain't that big yeah come here
the joysticks the joints they can think
pac-man in the 80s or one of the pac-man
machines
yeah like that damn you put your whole
hand around it's like this sounds like
the top to a plunger okay I ain't going
the good thing is the good thing is it's
a clean joystick that goes up your ass I
battle your virginity dirty never gonna
buy at the use the night to let you fly
then I will apply so just warning dad
what it's like to fly
you know just the typical stuff joystick
shows up your ass uh the gas masks that
they put on you if you start causing a
scene on the plane where they put you to
sleep just all kinds of stuff if you
don't want to feel the joystick you
could show your ass and get a gas mask
oh good boy why it's gonna happen 13
days to worry about it
well you should probably do us are
preparing your asshole whoever had this
goddamn phone number they've got no
goddamn more how many goddamn does do I
have fucking tell you motherfucker you
understand me now do you understand
English
now take you out of Turkey ask as don't
call me though by the fuckin ball hate
them goddamn who the hell is it somebody
looking for Myrtle fuck Myrtle Myrtle
used to add that number I give so I
didn't get it in time but apparently
well what's the story here
someone get Matthew Camaro fuck Myrtle
they keep asking for murder yeah I all
got here Dutch you a puppet of goddamn
bitch it was but a horse up so they keep
calling asking for Myrtle she was a ho
she'd be Moaning Myrtle Harry Potter
reference uh muhrtelle
tell your fucking people you changed
your number no shit that was fun I wish
some pretty cognate suitor I grabbed the
camera cuz that answers the phone
good dear me hello oh fuck you oh shit
get the camera didn't get it all in time
fuck you motherfucker
grandpa's got balls and come the airport
everyone will see him shut up I'll send
you some stuff one getting naked at the
airport I do that one region missile cuz
it's pretty messed up but goodbye
Michael
God you want to say goodbye to you
goodbye bye so I don't really know if I
made it clear huh earlier in the vlog
but what I was trying to do was scare
dad into thinking what happened when you
get on a plane taking advantage of the
fact that he's never been so I told him
stuff off-camera I was telling him stuff
on the camera you know joysticks gotta
go up his ass when he's taking off he's
got to get naked in front of everybody
left his balls hack all that stuff I was
telling him everything that I wanted to
tell him and I have not told him I was
kidding yet so he wants me to send him
some stuff uh you know shitty chef
smoking weed or no cuz I want to know
about that shit so I think I'm gonna
send him something I'm gonna keep this
prank going for a little bit haha
give repair dad cuz I was a joystick
going up your ass
where is man crazy
it's sad there's what this is the most
we hope for I know
so it is snowing right now we say
snowing but it ain't really snowing but
it certainly is coming down
Bridgette cam Agabus like boy go get her
out of here is snowing so I was
expecting like snowfall not this feels
like someone's like sprinkling mashed
potatoes from the sky so what that's our
that's our snow we get softer ones all
right boys you ready
Oh Oh sweets I was going stick I know I
probably will soon maybe hopefully been
a long time since we had yeah we had it
for like 30 minutes last year such a lot
of snow and then we had a pretty good in
2009 it snowed for like well ladies and
gentlemen January 2015 it snowed in
North Charleston whoo if all the
snowflakes are made of something uh make
a snow angel I'm gonna run my clothes
good I look today you look handsome
mmm
no we're not really sure what happened
to Bella but something is going on she I
think she may have jumped off the bed or
something cuz she does like to jump off
the bed and you middle more on the
morning we'll wake up we try to get her
off the bed she jumps and she hurt her
foot she's limping when she walks now in
saddest thing ever really and it breaks
my heart we'll see your foot make sure
you're okay oh yeah you got to go to the
vet tomorrow okay babies you were gonna
x-ray tomorrow it will go find out
what's going on with that through it
okay promise she will gonna figure it
out oh okay that's really really sad
right there all right you guys ready for
some treats we feel bad for Bella so
we'll give them a big bone tree there
you go Clyde you got one go lazy you go
buddy
Felix kinder buddy we got treats for you
too
so that's gonna be it for today you guys
hung out with dad made him afraid to fly
huh grandpa's afraid to fly right now
because less because of the plane now
and more because of the clamps clamps
and joysticks in here they weren't very
comfortable last you know dad you sit
directly on it so thanks for watching
guys is I was crying we had a little bit
of snow in Somerville there'll be no
snow in Southtown
anyway that is a year without a Santa
Claus reference ah thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe
and that's it on everything and that's
it
bye guys don't do with me coming yeah
better go yeah dan dan stone aye yeah
yeah yeah I'm a good follow dude yeah
you already go really good all right
here we go real oh it already yeah
