what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here and today is Monday and
first things first we're making chili
today baby
you got truly a gadget because it's
chilly outside
what you got tell me I will cuz that's
why I'm making the chili in really we'll
have a pot yes
so yesterday while we out while we were
while we were at Walmart I brought I
brought I can't talk today I bought
Bridget this power cooker we caught on
TV we wanted it we just made some
chicken in it the main reason I made the
chicken in it because I want the bra for
my chili and I tried the chicken you
know you can't have that buddy so in a
few minutes I'm gonna be making chili
I'm gonna be freestyling this recipe
which means I don't have a recipe which
means I'm just gonna be throwing shit in
there it's either gonna be good or it's
gonna be horrible
either way I'm making it we didn't do a
Monday mailbag video again this week
because dad was not home again he was
out looking for a studio to take shag
dance lessons and he called me a fat one
Mike come on night we're gonna do shag
lessons so tomorrow night I'm going with
grand part of the shag dance studio to
learn how to dance whatever okay so we
are starting off with this broth this is
chicken broth that the chicken right
here was cooked in this was a buffalo
chicken so there was a little bit of
seasoning to it
I added some onion powder a little bit
of butter
just some stuff just some seasoning some
salt and some pepper so that'll be the
base down here for my chili a little
chicken broth so we're going to start
off with some hamburger meat we're going
to brown this up first thing I'm going
to add is corn corn is going right in
there now I'm not going to lie this
could be a very soupy chilling to be
ruined because of the broth but I don't
care
yeah Gina broth the broth is in here
then I got this meat it's not all the
way cooked it's almost cooked it will
cook all the way in the pressure cooker
I'm going to toss my meat in there
followed by my peppers those little
bitches gonna go right in there followed
by my onions they go right in kidney
beans now this is very unorthodox I'm
adding a few pinto beans to this not a
lot of people do this I've never done it
before
truth is I got the wrong beans but we're
going to find out tomato sauce tomato
paste now I'm going to give this a
little stir just to see where we're at
here see what we're looking at I got
more to add a little tomato puree one
teaspoon of cumin a tablespoon of chili
powder a little bit of ground oregano
onion powder a teaspoon of salt half a
teaspoon of pepper
a little taste of paprika and finally a
tablespoon of sugar now we just mix all
this around and of course if your taste
isn't right you will season to taste I
know that's a running joke that I say
that every time I cook season to taste
but it's true because like I said I'm
not following a recipe
you know I'm throwing this together this
is a throw together chili we'll see how
it tastes if it needs something I'll add
it if it doesn't I'll start cooking it
okay so I actually added a little more
salt onion powder cumin and chili powder
just a little bit more of each and I'm
going to see how it tastes now after I
give it a good little stir now remember
a lot of these flavors are going to come
out while it cooks
hmm very good okay we have the pressure
cooker lid on there now I can choose how
long we cook it for I'm actually only
going to do 20 minutes a lot of people
can say that's crazy
but Bridget and I saw this power cooker
it is a pressure cooker that cooks extra
fast if it needs more time afterwards I
will absolutely give it more time
okay this timer just went off it's been
20 minutes now check this out freak ass
look a Chilean diner cabinets orestes
you wanted the chili paint job right but
maybe I overfilled it
coming out it took a wound burn
Wow that's really nice that's the middle
advertise on the infomercial no no try
our product now and you can save your
cabinet from the 36 hours is our cooker
this thing is still releasing steam I
will be able to open this up until all
the steam is gone that's okay so we're
just waiting for the steam to release so
we can open up and we can see how my
chili turned out yeah maybe I ought to
do it again we'll see all right YUM
really came together it's a little too
hot to try
that's not boy that's me doing it did it
be so good over rice what yeah it's a
little loose
but oh man the bean is burned let's try
it but he's burning I'm fucking pissed
with this cooker they told me it doesn't
do that
it doesn't taste bar but so then here we
go put some chili in the bowl okay now
get a little bit of this cheese over it
and a little dollop of sour cream right
in the center and that's it get forty a
chip and we try it out mmm so go um
it's also really good if you add lettuce
and tomato to it which I'm gonna do
later so you know why she's gonna try
and she like oh I was wrong
lettuce tomato sour cream cheese it's
like a little taco salad but with chili
that's the chili I made now fellows
eating her dinner nobody else's feel to
drinking water though this leaf is some
good-ass water oh you know why D be
Jesus watching him eat so in last
night's vlog uh there was a part of the
vlog where we were in Walmart and
Bridget says Michael shut up and
everybody has taken on everybody because
there are some people who listen to no
but some people have taken that and said
Bridget says something else I'm not even
gonna use the word we don't I'm not
gonna use the word said Michael shut up
you said again Bridget don't use that
worker though like I said they're gonna
think that they're gonna think you say
that Michael shut yes the thing is some
people have tried to say she's saying
something else she's saying Michael shut
up now come on people
yo you just listened to it I tried to
hear I don't hear that's the thing I've
listened to it I don't hear it but I
think maybe it's our accent and it is
cuz we're in South Carolina I don't know
but whatever it is I don't hear it but
other people seem to think they hear it
she's saying Michael shut up one I would
have not kept it in the vlog too I would
have pulled the vlog down and edit it
out I go shit let me fix this three
that's not something that we do we're
not those people so didn't happen sorry
you guys did happen so the chili is done
we're done eating it look how much it
made that was a huge recipe let me deal
with that good - your dad
over there we can bag in like a ziplock
and give it to dead Bell I'm sorry baby
you can't have none of this okay
sorry girl you got dog food over there
if you wanna go finish it Josh you know
it was very good though very good chili
uh yeah like I said I freestyled the
recipe
it was delicious and how was with the
lettuce version
who's pretty good but as you can tell my
father in having a lesson so that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching made the chili and that's
pretty much all I did Monday night Raw's
on right now we're get on DVR cuz we're
also watching the Celebrity Apprentice
yeah challenge tomorrow woo Bala battle
the exes so anyway thanks for watching
damn I do want to say ya recipes to do I
want to take a quick moment it happened
yesterday
I knew yesterday I didn't put it in the
vlog just a quick rest and peace to
Stuart Scott in the s-pen ESPN anchor he
had cancer he had cancer for many years
and this guy never back down this guy
was not scared of cancer dude was bad
the fuck-ass so you know it's really sad
news you know SportsCenter won't be the
same without him but you know it sucks
the cancer took you but you didn't lose
the cancer let's just say that because
you know you fought so thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite favorite everything and that's
it seriously
must be the time here muscle get comfy
what do you think of this scent
Hey
