what's going on you guys queue behind
the camera here today is help me out J
today is Sunday
and I'm hanging out nephew's acting a
little happier about that nobody's happy
hi hanging out with the nephews up
watching them today grandpa's gonna stop
by and we just chilling on a Sunday and
that's my intro what do y'all think I'm
saying a better story you're playing on
your brother's phone mm-hmm
you got your phone you have about that
I'm happy texts all of his girlfriends
Bridget's mom stopped by and brought
everybody some lunch
you guys enjoy are you done yeah wrap
your head you got a little don't be
kicking at that boy have you been Jacob
are you ding ding that's you buddy
that loves his attention well dad Hawai
I'm just about to around filming you
look at curing stuff what about a
hospital or somewhere
now daughter's waiting room you never
had a cure it
you want one not a woman but at some
point this time you'd find in a doctor's
waiting room it saves time ah
so any news on the dating front no not
yet we will be talking while you Willa
Bell in CC her no she let me in this
house I can fight you lose jump um you
know bite him and scratch his legs draw
blood so did you see that we were on
that show ridiculousness yeah I saw that
oh yeah it was pretty funny yeah was
it's American as hell it's probably
didn't show 2-1 though where you pull
with firecrackers in the bay with me or
put the firecrackers in the oven yeah I
married out to that's one of my
favorites personally oh yeah I ain't got
one did you have fun well it was a
pleasure watching you little brats and
y'all keep y'all the date and prop goes
more to come and you're not really brats
I was just joking what I call them brats
as a joke here's a brat you're a brat
you ready to fuck okay who who farted or
took a shit not me
hey hey like father like grandsons later
pop later buddy
look at this shit dude I think someone
got killed in the parking lot yeah okay
I had to see what it was we we parked
far but we saw it so it's a can of thing
at Texas Pete broken in the parking lot
it's gross let's get out of this yeah
so that look like a crime scene yeah so
we are on our way to Walmart right now
on our way we're at Walmart hello again
so where our way to Walmart and that's
all I have for you right purchase so
we're going to making chili tomorrow
night click like if you want to see me
make the chili in the video we got to
get the peppers and onions and all that
shit right now
you like these yeah those work also on
three
all right who is it the charge juggle
ready
Mike good hug let's just go down there
try again all right how's gentlemen work
this minute oh yeah chuckling no no no
let's get the helping me dude come on
that tastes like liver me it's like
really no no it's not true I'm not
saying you to get that meat Oh Michael I
said I'm not saying to get that me too
beep Chuck Kimmel to me yeah you like
that too but meat huh both him
huh
if you had a swordfight miss you should
do bad things with the do bad things
no the other way oh this is the biggest
thing of meat I've ever seen in you Anna
why would we that's what I do you mean
thanks Michael's heading to the toys yes
sir
gosh don't you have enough young got
heart no I am young at heart just not
five I don't know if my heart is young
but I'm never oh oh my god is devotion
hell isn't a week does it be elite
collection you should wear this while
you play with your toys
what am i a baby we'll look at the GI
Joes what what they're out of Brussels I
want to see what Coach GI Joes the
government cumbersome Guinea Legos -
you're my baby okay why would you get
this Oh what would the point of getting
that put your candle on so you want your
house to burn down as cardboard Michael
seriously want your house to burn down
yeah I'm fine watch out what night no
you are you are tho that's a dude this
is taking so long
nigga shut up a little candles are you
going
seriously almost be the time here muscle
get comfy what do you think of this
scent so sitting down
I broke a candle a glass everywhere
Bridget is getting an employee because
we're gonna pay for it well just got
back from Walmart and I got this go buy
to throw it away or put it up or never
use it or whatever the case may be
this is not the one that I broke but
it's just like it ah the one that I
broke they couldn't sell to me they have
to void it out or something like that so
they couldn't sell to me but out of
appreciation and respect about one of
these anyway because Walmart I'm sorry
for breaking your ugly it looks like a
frickin lampshade sorry I'm really sorry
I broke it
I bought one anyway look Bridget total
divas his Batman no let me go ahead and
delete this one no I'll buy it well
that's gonna be a free day you guys the
wind is starting to come through uh had
a really good day went to Walmart broke
a candleholder
search for wrestlers didn't have any
sorcerer conferred sir surfer can't talk
sucks for GI Joe's didn't see any uh had
a good time so today was good hung out
with Grandpa hung out with the nephews
went shopping and that's all we did and
her mom came over and we watched total
divas total divas is back man and we
watched it I love
she loves total divas so yeah you
haven't done a hashtag in a while
totally what hashtags shut up no more
hashtags so thanks for watching you guys
hope you guys had a good day hope you
had a great Sunday I had a great Sunday
like subscribe favorite everything and
that's it
love you look it up on the internet so
and you keep yeah little good night
desert jack then we can do the pulp
fiction dance
