what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here today is Saturday number one
tonight is UFC Daniel Cormier vs. John
Jones this is a fight that I have been
waiting for for a long time they're
supposed to happen before didn't happen
it's happening tonight can't fucking
wait by the end of the vlog it'll
already have happened I'm going for
Daniel Cormier tonight just because the
guy is a big bastard he's undefeated
someone Jones is undefeated - I know it
says John Jones has a loss but that lost
did not count that was bullshit ref
calling in just a few minutes uh I am
going to show you guys the deleted
scenes from the from when I was doing
the urine review when there was a lot of
extra stuff a lot of aftermath stuff uh
you know grandpa trying to teach me the
shag uh
we were dancing together very strange
that's why the vlog is called grandpa
shags pickle boy hey so we're gonna get
to that in just a minute if you haven't
seen it the other day some of our video
some of I can't talk some of our videos
were on ridiculousness on MTV if you
want to check that out link is below
somebody uploaded it I don't know how
long it'll stay up because of MTV but as
long as it's up the link is below if the
link is not below is because it's no
longer up but yeah we were all
ridiculousness
they used some of the firework pranks
that we did so check it out we're on
ridiculousness that's pretty cool and
real quick I just wanted to say thank
you guys for all the support yesterday's
vlog has like 12,000 likes that's
absolutely insane you guys are freaking
mashing the hell out of that like button
and that is crazy it's because of the
Vegas stuff I know but it's awesome
that's really cool to do so many people
click like so thanks so much for all the
support so anyway before anything else
let's go ahead and check out some of
this other footage from the other day
this is some of this is the leftover
footage from when we did the year in
review this is grandpa teaching me the
shag
this is grandpa doing the shag himself
check this out
Oh back damn it can only that
motherfucker you like huh hey get up
can't believe I bought a motherfucking
buck away and your toaster oven and my
first room I have a worry that you got
glassing the chicken and dumpling I
don't Iike shit any one little glass
never hurt nobody
well I don't know if that's the truth I
don't know I watched all went out I got
bleep net glassing yeah dude he's gonna
bleed now and he died right there in the
cafeteria job or not to apply then so
now you're down another microwave and to
a mounted Robin where'd you guys go to
Walmart move it yeah give another
microwave well it's gonna be cheap I can
tell you that I want to get inspected it
no you get invited you in a gang
you're a crazy old bathroom
you're not even broken why should we
fucking her playset because he's my
father my one-man daddy daddy
it's fine I'll go by myself and I will
get it I'll be gentle
I'm using hear me son dad pull his arm
out breaking the thermos
laughs let me do this er it was a fucked
up like two months I know
so we need to go to a doctor ain't going
to die dad broke is my boy previous and
for another reason and now is because we
didn't want to fly to Philadelphia
hey there yeah we're good yeah you got a
fly pop I can't buy you a chicken that's
not jokes I really order tickets last
night I ordered chicken liver can two
weeks ago I knew the whole time and you
didn't tell me I was afraid to now I
mean I see why no anybody see why us up
right now yeah you know like I get mad
breaks you I get back on the road again
I just can't wait to get on the road
it's not happening for why okay and my
big ass out and fly them plate up on a
routine in the sky him I can't wait to
get grandpa in the sky again again I
never been taking places that he's never
been seeing seeing the sky like you can
never see again
I trust stinks what it's fast inks I
don't go chicken and um you don't think
about I'm think about taking dance
lessons start next week what desmosomes
you think we're taking dance lessons
without coming up that damn right
um call the dragged the shag and I
forgot how to do it how has that was
that was the idea of it what's it look
like to me
no Yan you hold hand right yeah
here Bridgette film this grand palm
pickleboy do the shag ah poor little
shags pickleboy you own your own it
right okay and you know I've won it
and you got moving moved up your feet
you move back I've never seen this
before duh look it up on the Internet
show me
and you keep yeah little bit my desert
jack then we can do the pulp fiction
dance Batman what's a Charleston fake is
that really it huh ah-da-da-da-da not
bad yeah that's the Charles let's go
alright one more chef shags me grandpa
grandma Jean Jean you are you spitting
food at the same time I think I'm going
bald umbrella Mallory cold you just go
in come out and yes my why wait no doubt
the goddamn deload shit he's dead hit me
32 no that's cool i'ma go take it and
I'm gonna learn how to do it and I'm
gonna take my camera I'm feel myself
burning out dude
and that's going on grande popcorn
grandma learns to shag and then I'm
going to Myrtle Beach to the shag club
and roof jack you or not yeah I am
I gotta see this you going to be number
between yeah I love Myrtle Beach
Bobby a good bad partner you got it so
we just found out when dad broke the
microwave he shorted out the fridge damn
it can this be fix is it broken
yet I don't know it don't sound like
it's running right hey run it what if we
would with the breaker he fucking you
check the breaker box breaker yeah up
check it out
I can hear it now ah you've brewed Budda
Budda breaker by beating a frigate
Michael wells plugged in that's how Oh
bitch okay stay Klein Russian UFC with
me oh what a minute would you think
while it's Michael I'd boring slides
boring well you still got two more
fights for that one oh Claire what are
you doing
well looks like Colin fell asleep
watching UFC those little lips are
twitching so at this time for the main
event of the evening and I really hope
Cormier wins this fight right Clyde oh
yeah answers to wake him up
buddies main event it was a very good
fight but John Jones definitely won that
thing crazy good fight last round was
wasted by Daniel Cormier he's kept going
for the takedown it was good fight
though that's gonna be it for today you
guys John Jones versus Daniel Cormier
what a fight I was expecting Daniel
Cormier to win but John Jones got it so
got to give respect where respect is due
gotta get the devil as do jeonju John
June's John Jones defeated Daniel
Cormier amazing fight that was pretty
awesome so thanks for watching you guys
hope you guys had a safe Saturday night
hope everybody had a good day thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite and
that's it and there's Bridget and that's
it guys
and that's it stop it I hate this outro
stop doing it and that's it
stop and that's it so this is Ashley Ann
Elliott hi hello where you guys from LA
so they're from La they came out to see
us commence e grandpa this is whose's EE
this is Beverly and Grandpa's our force
shut up - we - means very
