what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here uh first of all got cold can you
hear it in my voice I've had a cold for
the past three days I didn't upload a
vlog last night number one because of
the cold which is actually worse today
but gotta got to do it anyway so I
didn't upload yesterday because of the
cold
- oh we hung out with some people last
night
they are some grandpa's youngins we hung
out
we're actually gonna meet up with them
again today with Grandpa we're gonna
have some lunch it is one of the guys
birthday so we're going to go get him
something for his birthday before lunch
and if they let us film I'll show you
guys I don't want to film these guys
without their permission so but today's
Friday we're going to go hang out we're
gonna go get a birthday present I'm
gonna eat me a sandwich we're going to
McAlister's Deli I don't know where that
is but I don't know what that is
it looks like it's healthy and I'm not
into it but we'll see so right now we
are waiting outside of McCallister's
where grandpa is supposed to be meeting
us once again over near his house he
beat us to it or we beat him to it
rather one thing that's been tripping me
and bridget out is i think we want we
thought we saw a dad about ten times now
I know like oh there's dad right they
were walking up to the van pop and it
ain't dad yeah Michael dad brought
somebody but he didn't ain't dad like I
said the last time there was a van right
there that was parked
semion Bridget oh come on let's go see
pop we're walking up sup pop yeah I was
way to be hit by a car and died on vlog
but hey what's that pop and then
somebody else gets out no and I will
kept walking like I wasn't talking about
them although that what's up pop so yeah
thought I saw dad a couple of times now
Chuck how many people had the same type
of Anna's dad it's crazy
did you tow your lunch yeah I enjoyed my
lunch thanking what you get again what
was that Reuben Reuben he's a nice fella
Oh is he yeah it's covered in me Yuri
Yuri every Reuben before no I would
never eat a Reuben oh man room is good
to eat Ruben Studdard is out you
Nagin's cutter we're eating you hear
this you guys yeah so this is Ashley and
Elliott hello were you guys from la la
so they're from LA they came out to see
us come se grandpa
this is whose's it's doubly my it isn't
Beverly and Grandpa's our fall course
shut up industry to me is very sleep hey
y'all see the smile on my face often
sweet grandpa yeah we grandpa ah well
you guys it was a blast we went out last
night yeah it's great meeting you it's
great to me yeah what New Year's Eve was
a blast at a great time what was King
Street happen King Street happened and
then nothing and then nothing there were
some fireworks but not where we were
right oh oh that's a bad sign isn't it
no it's the first time we've been out
okay dads get the food he's getting out
early step sorry I'm gonna call this
video grandpa's date
hey go grandpa goes out on a date boss
Jade yes it was a great it was a great
day yeah this is the thumbnail for Seoul
and the thing is we're gonna do it again
oh you do you know about this there's
that like a for mom he's been saying
that well fuck oh man we gotta do this
again there you go good dad
that's like by the way we are going out
so you know what it is
happy pumpkin oh my god thank you guys
god she's ridiculous I didn't have to do
all that sweet oh my god no I didn't
know if you use steam or not yeah we do
I do
thank you guys so much yeah of course
thank you so much yeah of course man Wow
thank you are you guys really appreciate
it
yeah thank you for dinner thank you
that's great thanks oh this is a big hug
party oh my
group hug oh yeah bridges left out in
the hug Bridget no everybody loves me
beautiful flowers for a beautiful lady
oh I'll see the cameras on crap I'll get
game oh man
and I get a beautiful hug for a
beautiful man oh now I face it'll rot
there's only only time I can get love
out of Dada's when people are around
he's gonna get a tattoo yeah I buddy I'm
coming you have to get a tattoo so do
you
I told them last night when I'm getting
you oh gosh a brick retreat bridge is
gonna get a nice one yeah you can't back
out of it nice did you have a pretty
princess you're gonna have mom's face
you can kiss my ass
it ain't happening how would I have yeah
right did to crack a mine you know
somebody got a tattoo of your face on
the right I know I saw that isn't that
wild crazy yeah happy grandpa but now
I'm super happy grandpa yeah but now
when she goes home to be super pissed
probably man you still gotta fly to
Philadelphia shit don't go by pilita
just ruined it you will be the N
cutscene dad yes in cutscene Tom and
Christine dance like just stand there
don't get mother done Oh in cutscene I
would dance together this alright so
they're leaving right now
they're leaving you sad grandpa dad sad
oh I'm sad wait you said you're gonna
text one of her huh
you text her I text her all the time
call anyway well that was Elliott and
Ashley Ashley and Beverly
so I mean here's New Year's Eve you went
out with Beverly went out Beverly yeah
she came down from where she sprung
that's pretty cool and they were going a
sh t and Elliott we're going to Vegas
but when they found out she was coming
here they changed their plans and flew
into here they flew into Charlotte and
they got a driver driving from Charlotte
Charleston it's a weird weird set of set
of circumstances dad started talking to
this lady this lady is that offensive
album on facebook
oh is that offensive saying this lady no
dad's are talking about early on
Facebook
turned out that is Ashley and Elliot's
mom and Ashley an Elliott all the guys
that sent me that wrestling belt and
they sent me to CM Punk picture and they
send down like six packs of cigarettes a
dollar gift card for Victoria's Secret
and it was them and they like us and the
mom was coming down and they're like
whoa our parents were talking so they
came down it was crazy it was a good one
Michael called me at five o'clock in the
morning the other morning yeah did you
know that that girl Beverly is Elliot's
model I said no that's Elias
mother-in-law
so you knew yeah and I didn't know but
when you mentioned Elliott I knew that
was her Sawa that's wild
and she and I've been talking a while
and besides she come here for news with
me to almost wanted to be alone for New
Year's that's pretty cool that is and we
spent the whole evening together Ellie
and Ashleigh and Bridget and I we all
went out to dinner last night it was a
really good time we are planning on
hitting up Vegas bridget is a little bit
nervous so click like if you want us all
to go to Vegas grandpa - episode is
Beverly of course click like if you want
to see it's all hit up Las Vegas - we're
all going we will do it we're all gonna
hit up Vegas and have a fun fun but
member what what happens in Vegas stays
on my vlog yes a to your boss and go
stay in Vegas okay that is it what
happens on Vegas stays on YouTube well
dad nice hanging out with you nice
hanging out with y'all my hope you had
fun with your date I did chip two days
had a nice time
well Q I guess that answers the question
are you dating Tina I hope it does well
yeah your first date in a long time had
you had a few did you like it girls what
he idea it's nice to be with somebody
for New Year's you know we did for New
Year's
what watch TV you could have gone with
us yeah what'd you think I was gonna
come yeah did you guys have a good time
but really all kidding aside let's go to
one to ten how was your new year eleven
twelve
really yeah nice
but I'm glad you had fun I'm glad they
came out it was a good time so we ready
to get the dog some big bones these
bones were expensive enough
$20 for a bone hold on buddy one second
Clyde lazy get a little tiny one - baby
dog is a little face slides
oh and Bella Bella there you go
lazy you gotta go eat your heart well
that's gonna be a fun day you guys
grandpa went out on a date with Beverly
we hung out with Elliot nationally we
all had a really good time happy
birthday Elliot uh are you coming out to
join me for the outro of course I
thought I can get away with a tour I
thought I tried guys I tried to MLS ride
so anyway thanks for watching you guys
had a great time with everybody had a
great time today yesterday was great
really hope oh we had a Vegas soon so
thanks for watching you guys really
looking forward to the Vegas vlog if it
happens really I'm really looking for
the Philadelphia vlog that's gonna be
fun as well so thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite fall and
everything don't speak again love you
guys I love you too thanks for watching
you guys okay it's mine that's it
anymore please talk in the last warning
no frill I love them more stop it like
my that's it and cut sings
he hates doing this I do sometimes I
make it's like the end of the video I'll
have like a little clip over in the
corner oh thank you trying to do
that's a nice touch yeah sometimes I'll
make decisions like five minutes not
even used but 30 seconds of it yeah he
does that
