what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here and today is Monday and
first things first dad is at my sister's
house today he's visiting with my sister
and the nephews and stuff so 10 you
might email that I called him I don't
know I was doing dazzle us remind her
dad I called dad as I uh what time you
owe me come over due Monday mailbag and
he says her broker dear nephew weary
which at that in a time that's a false
month
how about God did never weary I'm not
home today
so couldn't do the money mail bag so
instead Bridget and I are just sitting
here in the horrible weather would you
believe me if I told you it was three
o'clock I would hope you wouldn't
because it's not it's actually six
I got a nerd block so I'm going to open
that up in a minute was it nerd block
arcade block so we got an arcade blocked
open up in just a minute and that's it I
think this vlog is just gonna be arcade
blog it's gonna be this me talking
arcade ball and the end of the vlog so
it's gonna be what's going on you guys
kept me out of camera here arcade block
thanks for watching
no bridge bridge boys ain't here oh no
hey Belle you proud of yourself bill
eventually scared right now she think
she's in trouble you're not in trouble
Bella and the reason she she thinks
she's in trouble is because she just
knocked the tree over I think she's
trying to tell us we have to put it up
down what do you think Bella don't be
scared come on out with an accident
she's scared baby it's okay come on
alright so Bella decided to knock the
tree over sitting here holding the tree
up so we could get the ornaments off
oh Jesus with the two trees this year no
here they have a box yeah I know I don't
know why you wanted to get such a huge
box or what do you think what is God
doing you want to save the light no all
right we do it just put the garbage the
trash can yeah it's a it's like a bent
up and scribe I think Felix like did
something you know how scary and a brass
bridge 'is a real man I got one me ah
come here girl you know in trouble
neither you it's like I didn't mean to
knock the whole tree down
that's okay here you take that go into
hiding oh goodness you okay buddy
okay come on corner there okay you guys
so I just got my arcade block in the
mail and we're about to open see what we
got this month okay I can already tell
this is a GTA shirt or at least in the
style of Vice City so okay first thing
we got is a looks like this thing it
says it's a joystick that sticks to like
your smartphone and you can use it to
play games it's pretty cool yeah see the
interest instructions on the back huh
that's very interesting that is let's
check that out a few minutes next okay
so this looks like some sort of Halo
lanyard yes so it's going to ID badge in
the necklace enough symbol on it it's
pretty cool
I don't play Halo I don't think I've
ever played halo but I heard it the dick
thing next a Zelda figure it looks like
we can build it so little Zelda Oh next
sonic the hedgehog magnets well we can
build our own little sonic maze on the
fridge oh god that's adorable all pretty
cool that is nice so you live in the bag
that cool yeah it is really cool a scarf
looks like in Portal 2
I'll put the scarf on babe I want to
show them the logo and stuff on it first
I'm gonna need it was a Super Smash
Brothers shirt in the style of GTA Vice
City
that's all so super smash brothers Bull
City it's awesome let's try the shirt on
shall we yeah it's tight
the shirts too tight for me so Super
Smash Brothers Bowl City maybe when I
lose some weight if ever I can figure
oh man I'm covering my tits with this oh
that is our arcade block I like it this
month is very cool yeah I like it too
magnets not this which I might try out
pretty saving got that little inured
nice boxes mom okay so I've got the
little thing attached to the phone
shit go but it's pretty cool so just
sitting here watching Raw Monday night I
also talked to dad earlier asked if he
wants to get together tomorrow to do the
money mailbag video and he said and I
quote will go damn cheap maybe I'm on
bail you can do it come on
no why didn't you help me I've had a lot
of people asking me where debt where you
can meet grandpa at while we're in
Philadelphia I know that we're going to
be going to Jack's or as I think it's
jacks somebody's king of steaks Pat's
Pat's king of steaks we're probably
gonna go there that Saturday night on
the 24th definitely you could probably
meet us there other than that I guess I
would say follow me on Twitter find out
where I'm at what you know kinda like
kinda like you follow a food truck
you're not going so just follow me on
Twitter and we'll say where we are and
if you guys want to say hello pop in and
say what's up so that's gonna be the
24th going to the Royal born with dad
still doesn't know we're flying I'm
gonna tell them the next couple of days
though so anyway that's gonna be a free
day you guys had a good day like
subscribe favorite I hit myself
different and every time she arrives me
it hurts
Bridget it's really hurt you guys stop
you have to stop do you want me to be a
pain is that what this is
yeah that's it understand yeah of course
Oh sweetie sweetie sweetie okay we all
want to be sweetie
