what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here almost I almost kind of like
Wizard of Oz right there oh yeah oh yeah
they have made that joke before for
those wondering to your displeasure no I
did not die it just did not blow to vlog
for the past two days I wanted to take a
little bit of a break crazy this month
has been horrible on me I've lost my ps4
uh I got a break for a ps4 I'm doing
peace I got a freaking break so mentally
I just wanted to take a little bit of a
break
not to mention all you guys have your
family in town you know you got your
grandpa Joe your grandma Georgina
Grandpa Joseph grandma Josephine it may
may I was doing one specific thing I was
doing Charlie in the Chocolate Factory
and you go Andy Griffith so anyway I
wanted to let you guys spend a little
bit of time food with your grandma
Josephine before they go back home so it
may don't exist in the Charlie and the
Chocolate Factory universe so anyway
let's go ahead and get our Sunday
started got some stuff planned for today
I think no I don't know we'll see we'll
skip this Sunday started I'll go Target
no ok cups
Smashburger what is that I heard it was
good I thought was GameStop I know
that's why I looked over like that I
don't see dad anywhere so about 30
minutes ago angry grandpa called me and
he said moo moo food because you won't
meet me at ranch for dinner uh this is
Ryan's by the way it is a buffet place
there's a steakhouse I say a stakeout at
the buffet advise ah
so dad says move me now mind you we have
to take the interstate to get here dad
lives relatively close and we beat him
here I still don't know where he is
yeah that's really not where are you
grandpa dad lives like 10 minutes from
this place we live like almost 30 so dad
where the hell are you how did he's
lying to us Oh what if you made her come
here
oh man you might be right
oh my god dad if you're pranking me oh
look who shows up hey grandpa
what took how do we beat you here I'll
look at you looking all nice I look like
this all time
Oh sharply dressed grandpa Oh Angie et
Thoro Jeep engine he always does it make
sure he lets us know it's like a vegan
do you have to know there I got my teeth
in my mouth it's like when you meet a
vegan like hey how you doing I'm vegan
what to be somebody he only who doesn't
drink drink milk or eat meat or eggs
retards like when you meet a vegan like
how you doing I'm vegan by the way dad
has what hey this all right here we go
you quit following me sup j carolina huh
grunting what grind its food grunge you
mean grindage no grunting it's called
grindage fundage no it's grindage what'd
I say
you said grinding scrunches oh my god
egg ever since I'm different you think
crunches are you go pita lady you have
to pay do it I'm good I want to eat okay
Brundage TIA of course Oh extra CDs
right sweetie go sweetie sweetie sweetie
okay we all want to eat sweets on the
way which way tea can you get a double
senior citizen no how about free
you bet I do I would think okay so you
didn't like the bird
good night a burger sake didn't have
encase what chicken oh I'm gonna get
those look at my weave is wrong I was
like I said that we need to do a lot
we never get together I like that shirt
yeah I look good oh you got a necklace
going hey are you awesome
oh yeah you keep going in to watch we
need to get you one of them smart
watches what's that
just like I phone to point out a watch
we can do what the hell was blue man
something red came out of it
Oh God
what is going one look at that glue
about that better did ya
Oh JC
did you watch it are you doing
do the same for your to my blood team oh
you know I'm talking while you're
walking I'm sorry God looking clouds
coming oh man dude is this a spring I
swear it's spring yes I woke up poor in
Colombia this morning here's the
question does it feel like winter to you
know like this is crazy hard it is today
God the sky looks like Charles Lee ray
is putting his soul into a doll yeah
here's my valve I get out about an hour
really yeah so let's find better stuff
if they do bring that mean do there's
gotta be
oh now go cigarette ready to go so
something that we have told everybody on
Twitter and Facebook but I've yet to say
on my video what on the 25th
grandpa and I are going to wrestle the
Royal Rumble go tell you about what hey
I'd right we are going to Royal Rumble
yeah I looked we'll take about two or
three days to get there yeah we'll talk
about that later
we'll think about that it's go take how
many miles is it miles about 12 hours so
that's 12 hours I can't drop all that
one day yeah so we go to the van we take
the van get all service and everything
you know get it ready you do that will
do be ready to go the Royal Rumbles in
Philadelphia and we're gonna go eat my
fries I don't know anything about cars
well we're in the south and you know we
don't know the temperature are you sure
you want to drive that's the question
guy I'm driving there's good it's gonna
be icy that's I could drive it ice you
can shut up going to the
so we got to leave at least two days
earlier and maybe our third three days
or because of the ice so you better
plant understand some good hotel I've
already booked the hotel so got our
hotel booked we're gonna be in Philly
hey if you're in the Philadelphia area
look for angry grandpa
I ain't we going someplace new
sandwiches um yeah we're gonna go to
Pat's king of steaks he invented the
Philly cheesesteak any youngers idea
where's me grandpa in Philadelphia you
go up I'll be dad a lot of people were
saying oh you can hang out what
prankvsprank
they don't know we exist they're too big
for us you don't care about us they do
big for us
I care about them though oh yeah I take
out Birds a shirt dad copyright
infringement using a whole bunch all the
people's logos yeah see that
Philadelphia area we're gonna we're
gonna be there on the 24th didn't do
clogs you do our bands in Philadelphia I
don't know that's right you were you
green boy you wouldn't dolla dolla guy
was barely thought of Dick Clark's
American Bandstand so we're gonna Dada
Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada with the
bandstand dad I thought about what he's
doing I use things go take such a long
time to drive there's one they bothered
me you all right hey there baby along
why don't you learn the job so you have
a drive up there something you think I
can learn to drive by then probably just
kidding oh that's a nice little angle
what I'm just showing you with the pink
sky in the background
Oh how about doing a red mouth huh
so for the record dad seems to think
that we're driving to Philadelphia for
the Royal Rumble no we're not no we're
not we are flying
then you booked the ticket I bought the
tickets already we are flying dad oh the
birds might have that car come on so we
are flying haha we are going to get
there on the 23rd
we ain't leaving on the 21st so we're
getting on the 23rd flying but we're
gonna be in Philadelphia for the Royal
Rumble which means you guys don't have
to worry about seeing a fat kid hates
the Royal Rumble video this year cuz I'm
gonna be there unless you're Matt oh
then it's gonna be live and I'm jumping
the fucking barrier no my completely cut
hair is pay-per-view when I jump over
and I attack Roman reigns it might be
good in my view great that's for the
record I don't want Roman reigns to win
last year I did this year I don't
yeah we're upper lord basically the
stuff dad's been using it's stuck in the
roof of his mouth he doesn't like it so
he doesn't went to our steep because of
that if you guys know a better thing
than this stuff let us leave if you know
a better way we'll get that one too I'm
gonna get them dude oh I'll get a
Michael I'm trying to help Mahalo
I know you are not prettiest I love you
and even though you shouldn't Michael
cuz we're not talking about that Dewar
that was just really mean please I do
all that I got all that alright there's
some more stuff here what is this oh
that's a night car yeah I really need a
night off my team today you know this
little we got to get this with that
caddies game next week oh my god I'm
just joking Oh grab on the cat I do not
want a cat
hey Christmas sucked weed wrapping paper
forehead
well that's right that was last week
five manager had a good day which caught
a great day we're doing good
oh and verge of that oh my god I'll say
that I didn't yeah you did play that
yeah grandpa stupidly likes me I would
never admit that so you excited for the
Royal Rumble yeah man I ain't going for
that drought though I don't blame you
be long rod God in the back yeah oh man
back yeah you think about that a week
huh
you better you better make plans for at
least a week well if we would if we flew
I'll be goddamn I find nowhere well just
think about God wouldn't wanted me to
fly you to give me wings and out for me
let's fly let's dry we'll drive well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
went out with dad we went out to dinner
had a lot of fun we arranged my trip to
the Royal Rumble he does not know that
we're flying you know I don't know why
dad seems to think that we were driving
but I got plane tickets bug and so get
look you know later more next month get
look get I can't say the words look
forward to seeing anger grandpa flying a
plane and I'm probably the fuck with
while we're on it you know just to do it
so we're flying we're flying to
Philadelphia never been to Philadelphia
before but I'm really excited to get
there and you know see what it's like
over there and to go to the pay-per-view
and there was no disrespect to prank vs.
prank earlier what do you know saying oh
they don't know we exist and they don't
like us it's just they don't and that's
all right
you know they yield they're huge they're
famous so you know I like about them
they're I you know I used to not watch
their vlogs and then when people were
saying I was copying them I decided to
start watching the vlogs and I'm a fan
I'm a fan of the videos so anyway and
they given us the shout out before so I
guess they technically know we exist but
they don't watch our videos so anyway
thanks for watching you guys that dog
needs to shut the fuck up so anyway
thanks for watching you guys had a great
day with dad like subscribe favorite
love you guys she's not coming to
Philadelphia so you
looking forward to that vlog free
Bridget click like if you're excited to
have a bunch of vlog about Bridget no
I'm gonna click like myself so thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite and that's it you know Jimmy
you and City don't work out maybe you'd
be dumb available your date no I don't
you Gaylord you baby turkeys delicious I
can't date him
