hey you guys Merry Christmas
Snickers guys oh well yeah you're gonna
guess okay y'all calm down well yeah
it's not a fight it's Christmas Oh y'all
got some gifts down here too we have
bella that's a bone is it bones
Felix it's Christmas for you too buddy
oh hey that's Felix's little stocking Oh
Michael you're so cute
I'm supposed to wake up right now look
it'll really give it a shaking shut the
camera adorable uh-huh
oh so cute a boat oh that's awesome
oh that's adorable
that's I got this one oh there's a light
chocolate Cindy what is it listen it's a
gift card
Oh Ramona's Russian nice man I really
thought we were gonna win gifts this
year but she like totally yeah no oh
come on
what it's $100 Best Buy card oh and your
mommy too nice
I can't even accept it oh it's uptight I
don't want to - hmm let's look back in
the house today
that's too much she gave me too much man
she gave me a three drawer gift card the
fuck it's gotta be for you another gift
card send oh god it's clever yeah of
course it is Oh beat nice at Christmas
yes any owns Christmas this year okay
this is from Kim now you don't have to
throw your trick-or-treat bag in the
street because Sheree was yelling at you
for taking Kyle's and for taking how's
that you know plenty of your own this
dot I came over
it's a story for my Chris from Halloween
we went trick-or-treating with our
cousins and stuff and we went to this
one house and had whole Hershey bars and
I decided to trade my whole Hershey bar
for a little box of dots and sherry
start yelling at me it's not yelling at
me I was being a little bitch but she
was like can you wait till we get back
to the van
so I've dumped all my candy
through some tag that ran to the van
he's not very nice that's your favorite
candy huh one of them yeah what's your
other favorite Oh No hmm all of it
adorable
of course this thing's just for both of
us oh man she's clever too man damn it
Laura movie so you know not today number
one movie Dave a year man it's Chris
I'll think about it I can't tell you
guys enough what it meant to have you
there what was one of those support days
of my life
I love you guys very much I got to cry
Oh Michael
so it's wedding photos the whole album
I remember there's a picture in here
where mom was like really close to the
edge of like the waterfall or is it like
mom there's like a little thing right
here drop sauce you is like a step away
from falling into the Niagara Falls
cool so you dad this is how you eat
turkey and how it's supposed to be hey
when I roll my turkey shut up that does
what better of course it does and that's
what you ripped apart yeah I'm sorry
about your turkey last time yeah don't
worry about calories a little No do we
going you gonna do a grant your hand see
that steam coming up this came out the
fryer just now hey man like a skin or
Nothing man blooney ah I got ya I got
Skinner
I got skin over my mouth and a stick in
here no not good let me help my eyes Hey
I'll tear you up what you gonna have
yeah oh sure that's awesome you know
Jimmy you and city don't work out maybe
you could um available your date no I
don't you Gaylord you baby turkeys
delicious I can't date him I don't know
yeah see how it goes with Cindy God day
do you cook trigger dirty no I gotta
keep him around
she's keeping your over the turkey I
think yeah as always he give arrival to
have a guy that can cook ha ha I got
burp I got bird on welcome to our birth
that's good my gosh is it delicious
hmm thank you Matt do you have no idea
what that is grandma why who picked it
me with a joke and choked it
oh okay says granny oh you got like
snowman doncha oh so cute
then pick out snowman cards this year
Oh oh my goodness
is this for Christmas or Christmas and
birthday booth yeah always for both yeah
I don't get anything separate for my
birthday yeah okay fine that's a
Christmas no I'm kidding you know oh
this is great thank you
flip them over so Bridgette actually did
have me some more stuff today I was
wrong so here we go I got some new hats
let's take a look at them three new hats
these are very nice version I really
like them uh some more pants she gave me
a pair that I've been wearing those but
she gave me more I can suck and change
him out now is he skull and crossbones
yeah it was also this stuff Bridgette
got a star named after me it sounds like
your dad though but you're not that yeah
like she wasn't lying you lost time she
said she got me some of the moon hello
so yes in the honor of Michael Green
yeah hittin resin teeth like there's a
star up there called Michael Green and
she got me so she won't be this little
part of the moon that's pretty cool
thank you very much for you so if in my
lifetime we go to the moon I'm claiming
my fucking acre so you know I own an
acre that shit and I want it so when
there's an amusement park you better not
try to build on my acre no no no never
well hold up in court is this a go legal
acre I think yeah you having a good
Christmas card you get your bone
billionaire without bone you take your
Christmas bone Felix to give you little
soft in of course there
oh okay I see stuff everywhere so that's
gonna be it for today you guys had a
really good Christmas if you didn't
notice grandpa went to dinner with us uh
yeah he pissed me off he did the prank
uh that was Michael I'm gonna buy you a
ps4
oh no I'm buying you a ps4 okay what uh
but I'm not gonna let him have Christmas
dinner alone even if he pranked me no
matter what love you pop hope you like
the GPS prank me uh
I asked him later on where he got the
box and he said he dug it out of the
garbage you got heard you a cup of
goddamn hand so if you dug it out of the
garbage man good job you know good prank
I got a lot of gift cards this year and
I'm going to spend it on a ps4 for you
so cuz I love you anyway that's gonna be
it for today you guys hope you had a
great Christmas I had a great Christmas
if you don't celebrate Christmas hope
you had a great holiday Hanukkah
whatever you celebrate I hope it was
great I hope you spend it with your
family uh sorry I cried in the video
it's a little embarrassing you didn't
see what I was tearing up to it's
embarrassing oh it was very sad I hate
seeing you cry that's the kind of stuff
that gets to me like I said you know I
didn't get a ps4 I don't care I got that
photo album I cried because emotional
stuff is what gets me so and that was an
emotional gift it was thoughtful she
spent a lot of time placing the pictures
in the note I really loved to kill so
thank you very much I hope you guys had
a great Christmas I'm gonna get out of
here but like subscribe favorite
favorite and that's follow me on
everything and that's it we got pictures
to head my Christmas wish is for you to
not interrupt my intro my Christmas wish
is to be the at the end of the intro
okay outro okay and that's it I love you
oh and that's it I love you to me no no
no that is it no no my Christmas wish
you won't take me the missus ruined
you got your Chris's wish not going to
the movies my Christian house I did not
that's it oh my god yeah I all know you
Todd
I love you guys all right another
because oh my god I appreciate it dad
cuz that was fucked up oh I get a free
digital download yeah I gotta thank you
very much
