what's going on you guys
QB on Academy and today is not coming
today is not technical I can't get the
words out
today is not technically gonna be a vlog
because vlogs are fun and this isn't fun
so right off the bat I know a lot of
people doing thing I'm about to tell you
that you know grandpa's gone and he's
not I don't want to worry you guys and
drag this out but I want to talk about
last night
so after yesterday's vlog told grandpa
goodbye he's been sort of out of it all
day yesterday and he's constipated which
means the ammonia levels have been
building up again and there's nothing
they can do about it this time
and they're trying to make him use the
bathroom but as of right now he hasn't
and I went home and around midnight
I got a call from Jennifer and she said
we should probably get there the nurses
were there and they said grandpa might
not make it to the night
I could cut anything not gonna cut
anything he deserves to know how I feel
about him so I'm not gonna cut nothing
it just feels like we're fighting an
uphill battle and I've been so
optimistic this whole time and now I
don't know if I can feel optimism
anymore so I went over last night and I
said goodbye and he wasn't conscious and
I was telling them you know I told him
he changed so many lives including mine
that there were so many people that
write him and say that they that he
saved them and he saved me
and he started smiling and I hate doing
this vlog cuz just but I don't want to
lie to you guys
I feel like bad news is coming and and I
and I feel like maybe we already sensed
it and that's why we had Kim come early
and I owe it to you guys to just be
straight forth with you
so this vlog is not going to be fun so
you don't even have to watch it guys
turn off but you turn off YouTube
altogether and go spend time with your
family because you don't get enough of
it in the end you don't get enough I've
spent my whole life with my dad and I
feel like I didn't get enough so that's
what happened last night I went over and
I said goodbye and we sat with him for
about four hours about 5:00 in the
morning I came home went to bed fully
expecting to wake up to bad news fully
expecting to have to deliver bad news to
you guys
I was really hoping for a triumphant
ending to this story you guys for for
two weeks from now grandpa to be on his
feet and things are going as good as
they ever were but it just looks like
it's getting worse and I hate it when I
left he was finally talking again I you
know I said I love you dad
and he said I love you too son
my life so sometimes
life is so painful sometimes you guys so
tell your family you love them
who cares about whatever reach out tell
people you love him before they're gone
and then what I don't want him to be
gone and give him everything for another
year and you're not supposed to cry on
YouTube you know that's what to show
your feelings but he's giving me
everything and I'm gonna pour out
everything for him I spilled out my
heart to him last night I told her how
much she meant to me how important he
was to me how proud I was of everything
we've done together last night was one
of the worst nights of my life I really
thought it was over and I'm still
waiting right now for somebody to call
me and tell me that it happened and part
of me doesn't want to be there when it
happens
because I can't it's so hard to face and
part of me knows that I should be and I
don't know what life is gonna be after
and he's my best friend
losing my best friend
and so if something happens and I
disappear for a little while I hope you
guys understand I'll be mentally like
checked out but we're gonna continue
this vlog but I wanted I owed you guys
the truth we had a conversation the
other day and he told me about the
channel we long for it was really cold
right now we had a conversation he told
me told me he would haunt me if I stop
doing YouTube cuz this was everything
there and he told me he would haunt me
if I stopped and I will never I won't
stop that I hate to give you guys this
horrible news let's get this day started
it's not a vlog I don't know what else
is gonna be dad I love you more than ah
maybe more than I've ever told you and
maybe I should I'm trying to give you
everything I love you dad you know
yesterday on Twitter I started to like
look up the hashtag that I sent you guys
hashtag AGP merch and it was humbling to
see how many people have the shirts how
many people to support in the
merchandise and its really it's moving
it's humbling
I've been retweeting and following every
person that I see to show that respect
back you guys showed me the respect you
brought the shirt you showed you wearing
it so I could show Dad and because of
that I've retweeted them and I have
followed them all back so guys if you
happen to have a shirt and you know you
want to follow on Twitter use the
hashtag AGP mark show you wearing it and
I'll follow you guys back right away I'm
following everybody I don't care if it's
ten thousand people I'm following
everybody so guys yeah if you haven't
seen the March check out the link below
we're actually uh you know I was talking
to him yesterday about a lot of cool
stuff like an A
can't talk an angry grandpa plush toy
that would be so sick wasn't it scare
the crap out of me I'm out of the scene
now hey hey I was thinking about
something why don't you tell them what
happened last night or did the intro no
I mean the pulling I don't talk about
that I know what that was I think you
should I don't know whatever dude it was
really interesting I found dad's record
he signed for me oh that's awesome
says uh Mike none of this we will be
possible with that we love you so much
my best friend it's awesome
I don't know what happened last night it
was so weird last night there was a
rolling chair next to Dad's bed and I
was talking to him and how high I've
been in the rolling chair for about an
hour and a half and nothing like does it
happened yet so I'm sitting there and
the next thing you know I felt this I
got pulled and I turned my Risley what
the hell was that what you do and
Bridget didn't do anything and I was I
was pretty kind of freaked out it was a
total Pole but part of me was like okay
maybe my own momentum pushed me so I go
and start pushing myself back and
immediately I got pulled back again yeah
my son in that that time I actually saw
it and it was legit of all guys it it
was definitely not my own momentum I was
pulled now I don't believe and stuff
like the afterlife and stuff like that
idea I'm hoping to it I'm totally open
to that stuff this I can't explain it
was it was interesting right after what
happened we started taking pictures of
the flash photography
nothing came up I made sure we didn't
take a picture of cameras think I don't
want a picture of my dad but we were
taking pictures of like the ceiling in
the room and we need to capture anything
but like I just wonder like what if it
was his mom she was she was pushy like
that boy right like she was kind of mean
right yeah so it puts you away yeah she
definitely would so like I definitely
feel like well it was definitely without
question of home yeah it was it was like
crazy without question you guys I was
yanked and like I said I'd be sitting
there for an hour and a half and nothing
happened yeah and then all of a sudden
let me try to go right here try and hit
it is bold let me go to this room
that's it I'm sitting there talking then
next thing you know I was like what I
was bricked ok so I'm moving back yeah
it was so interesting
I really thought Bridget was doing it I
swear to god it wasn't did you even know
the second time because you were looking
at me yeah yeah I was terrified it was
definitely interesting
I don't have an explanation for you guys
let me know in the comments section if
you do cuz that was I was weird and
awesome
I don't believe in that stuff if it was
true totally awesome I mean I just I
don't know I thought it was I mean it's
horrible I buy the toys I want no McKim
she should be here soon I think yeah but
I haven't heard from her I thought she
was be here like 45 minutes ago
no I think she gets here in like an hour
and a half yeah but she hasn't texted me
like I got the flight things on her
phone and it hasn't safe taken off yet
I don't know dude stop knocking the wood
this wood I'm going on there knock on
wood guys we are having a problem so
there's a chance Kim's not coming today
guys she's in a really bad mood and I
can't she is getting away hey guys
listen chimbleys flight was cancelled
and well right now trying to get her on
another flight here today so she can get
here today and for some reason we've
already paid $2,500 for tickets now
they're looking to charge us like
another $800 to like booked another
flight like this is not our fault so I
gotta talk to him well this seems to be
the vlog of bad news you guys we're
gonna be getting out of here in just a
minute I am too rigid okay hi guys
Kimberly is not coming today we just had
to basically buy a new ticket to book
her to come tomorrow so Kimberly will be
here in tomorrow's log and the timing is
so horrible because as I said we went
there yesterday with the intentions of
it being ours so another day that she's
not here I hate this and I'm I don't
want to apologize if I offended anybody
by yelling on the phone
you know I don't feel like I was being
rude I was just asking I was trying to
understand why we're being charged so
much money I don't understand it he said
that we weren't charged the extra $600
but we looked in the bank and it's there
yeah so what you know I don't so I
didn't understand where the $600 then
250 more guys after the six hundred
dollar charge after the six hundred all
charged like oh yeah we have a $250
processing speed so that's what 850 more
dollars on a $2,500 take care airlines
are worse than medical guys $50 for what
yeah we had a pitch 150 dollars for this
like dude but still why do we why here's
my big question why did we have to pay
$600 at all when they cancelled the
fight right it's like yeah it's like if
I'm sitting in a restaurant and the
restaurants like yeah
I'll bring you the meal they're not
gonna bring me a check afterwards the
knock you forget you start to pay for it
though I don't think so I think the meal
guys I'm really sorry for blowing up on
camera I'm just this I I'm on the verge
of what could be the worst time in my
life and I don't need airlines making it
worse I'm trying to stay as upbeat and
it's positive as I can and I'm getting
fed up with it guys we're gonna be doing
the outro in a second but I wanted to
let you guys know Kimberly is not going
to be here until tomorrow hopefully
fingers crossed that tomorrow's bogus
you're right you're right I mean I'll go
what for it'd be the worst week of my
life too because I'm holding up ho I got
optimism guys I know in the intro I said
I was losing optimism never lose hope
okay I had a weak moment I you know I'm
sorry for that but I'm not cutting
anything out because dad deserves to
know how much I feel about him so dad I
kept everything I love you we're about
to go over and see you again
we're gonna be doing this outro I wish
Kimberly could be here today like we
planned special guest not Kim special
guest guys trying to trying to stay
happy guys let's do this outro Kim I'm
sorry you're stuck at the airport what
she's stuck at an airport right now
trying to figure this out I hate it
lines that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching once again this
is not an official vlog because I just
don't want to like this was a more so us
letting you know and then showing what
goes with all that so this is less of a
vlogging it's more more of like life
life update so guys that's gonna be it
for today I'm really sorry for blowing
up I'm sorry the guy on the phone but he
was being obnoxious to me and I don't
know what I did wrong
I know he was being so obnoxious guys
and then
and I actually talked to another person
and she wasn't any better I don't get it
guys we got a handled she's coming
tomorrow
Bridget we can't say it because it's too
like vulgar it's another word for cat
and other word for guys
she asked words she kept saying what is
your ticket number and birds will tell
her so you know you know BC BC BJ for
and she was like I didn't get that BC BJ
for I didn't get that BC BJ for I didn't
get that appeal I didn't get that oh it
was P yeah yeah PCB J for or something
like yeah okay
P as in cat cat C as in cat rhymes with
month month that's not a word
anyway J as in Jennifer's cat she went
crazy
that was loud was laughing so hard the
last one was my favorite
the last letter was ass and she goes and
ass ass in poop it was very funny we got
it handled guys we're not good with
customer service I give up my bad she
gets it from me we're getting out of
here thanks for watching I love you guys
so much we're saying positive but I want
I don't want to lie to you I don't want
to prepare you in case the worst happens
and that's the sad way to look at life
with us that's what life is right now so
guys I love you so much
if something were to happen dad loves
you so much and don't worry that I'm
never gonna quit YouTube I'm not even
gonna take a break I'm gonna go on
vacation yeah that's guys I'm gonna go
on vacation if something happens just
because I can't be in this house for a
while but guys get me out here thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite
home and everything but your best and
that's it
I love you guys so much
you
