what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and today is a Monday which
means first I got to go over to Dad's
house to film Monday mailbag haven't
done it in a few days harp few days
didn't do it last week because dad's
been refusing to talk to me I called him
today and he said we were to go do more
the middle better get your ass over here
so I'm coming over to Dad's house gonna
do the Monday mailbag video and then I'm
gonna hang out for a little bit cuz I
gotta install his Roku box uh that's
pretty much it just gonna hang go hang
out with dad so here we go gonna start
our Monday I have not decided if I'm
going to give dad his weapon back maybe
not he left it over here happy party and
I don't think I'm giving it back fuck it
grandpa
you ain't getting this back well I'm at
grandpa's house we just did the Monday
mailbag video and this guy sent him
sardines
let me show my starting and he is about
to eat them cause I like starting oh
you're not even those you will not even
let me see a close-up of this I'm
holding my breath so you know I lied the
bone
mmm it was really sad is I'm relying on
this ashtray with this burning cigarette
in it to keep on me my dad alone I'm
lighting the motherfucker
well good luck back now all I smell is
rotten fish my candle
boom oh did you put bones in the ashtray
I'm going on oh well I can't you just
grabbed me I like I then must not eat of
it that's a soil what you put in your
own mustard let's go oil
we got grease now you will come in an
anteclo hmm maybe these were in mustard
I know they're not okay we are in
grandpa's room right now we're about to
hook up his Roku box this is the Roku 3
what does it isn't okay it doesn't come
with the HDMI wire but Miller gigs all
box cover everything you need and you
know yeah even you with the craver said
batteries not included
basically the wire that hooks it from
the TV to the box doesn't come with it
what the fuck
yeah that's insane what about dumbass
company do you use your cable box no not
really
that I oft V long time then I'm going to
use your HDMI wire from that I guess so
and a movement like okay is still
teaching you and the point use this
now hold okay
Oh buddy died Oh fish we'll do it again
okay get back let's wait to buy there
you go where you go ah I know that Berto
just got here first
thank ya dude again get over yeah but I
yeah I gotta fucking yeah yeah you're a
meanie bitch leave I got Ian score new
ice guard yeah man I'll I beg you
oh god they're under you you bitch
there you go
no motherfuckers that's a crazy huh that
was so much beauty shit
it's fries let's try this way are you by
job oh I've never played this like yield
ago yeah you bitch yeah yes yes yes yes
I'm having fun fuck you guys go what yes
fuck yeah ah that's Greg Gutfeld who the
hell's that he's I'm smart as a fucking
Fox News dad's are probably sleeping up
little d-bag Watson what did the Friends
of honor trailer for the new stores
Obama's in the Star Wars movie no nobody
said holy shit Stonehenge fuck Stone Age
get back in tomorrow's yeah oh my god
you're fast forwarding hit a bit sick
Derek prankster Roman Atwood yeah go
Greg Gutfeld killing my own kid Oh check
out this prank Roman Atwood good I don't
fucking Roman Atwood is he's a bigger
youtuber than us isn't we watch this
video eyes his three crazies prank has
been viewed over six million times on
something called the YouTube hmm shut up
all of you talker fuck him he's he's
ready to fight he's ready to fight would
you uh would you please
oh my god
good well what do you think about the
Roku I like it man appreciate it man I
appreciated Chris present bite you can
cancel cable TV now yeah I could good
but I got a TV I had to watch get
another Roku true so grandpa and I are
on our way to the store just cigarettes
that's right you know I was reading a
thing that said that there's more
chemicals in those ecigs than the real
thing
our dad took okay wait a minute
what this is the gas station you left me
at now if that's what you're planning
I'm not getting out of the venue I mean
you actors go get my cigarette come
right back I'm coming in with you
who said says me now you're not gonna
abandon I ain't gonna abandon him you
dumbass
no Jesse did what about Jennifer oh crap
oh can we get me not getting one
tropical blend put them all that's it
wani chip for anything
let's go let's go
oh come on
what are you doing
Wow
ah
man give me a hard gotcha yeah you did
oh well what the hell well just got home
standing with the tree behind me just
for looks and appearances just so I can
say goodbye that's going to be it for
today you guys dad loves Angry Birds so
who knew who would have thought and he
also watched the roman atwood video when
he really likes what's that I was
watching Hulu was that shit called Roku
so anyway thanks for watching you guys
glad you like your Roku box dad you
better be getting me a ps4 for Christmas
huh that's gonna be it for today thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite and that's it can I see you
again you do uh-oh
give each other a hug oh yeah come here
Oh Michelle Virginia Rudy Christmas
