what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here and today is Saturday is
this how to write good Saturday it's
Saturday and it is the party whoo party
damn people you are famous
we got grandpa cutting up a pizza and
shut up
God you gonna be happy only one day why
am I here for anyway because I was
surprised for you yeah I don't laugh -
you already met the survived known that
I wouldn't you know five come so I
didn't get the meeting because dad came
in unexpectedly on mom and dad met face
to face a dabbler monarch
are you staying here surprise was it a
ghost of Christmas past okay yeah
picking up eclipse of ghost of
boyfriend's past show Scrooge it is
going super fast over here Christmas
past Christmas present Christmas future
hey nice teeth in W yeah we want to
check the teeth that I actually like oh
yeah so this right here is a cheese and
meat trigram homemade all right
that's great how many yells was still
been eaten on this thing if you do
grandpa may that was hand I use an extra
flavor he old hero yeah this was
actually Turkey so you know it's
actually Turkey it's just dad got done
with head reminds me we would sit there
and go to save a lot and you're like how
you going to turn your turn your nose up
the gray meat what the hell people are
else about mmm-hmm well show you how
disgusting Charleston no trial every
time dad was the Dodgers and I go with
him he has to make sure he gets little
pudding to eat on the ride home and dude
it stinks so bad it's like that's up you
remember JC we they would feel JC the
liver put in the gym oh it was a big
tore it up we used to love it
he's allowed liver putting in all torn
up
oh man for a bomber they are horrible
just white I'm treating her salad then
no I don't need just a man blue mom
she's like oh good that's like a movie
poster she was just saying there he is
it just blew me face a Christmas for
Grandma yeah lifetime you will be never
hated yeah
so homegirl brothers like in a few
minutes do you saw the Christmas tree o
Christmas tree top gratis I told you a
few minutes time I gotta go why do you
got to go so bad I gotta go
omma pocket presents okay those kids
here now they know what does that never
was getting presence anyway you got
presents I ain't got nothing shut up I
got junk food it's called water why
usually not set in episodes Georgia or
your des presents okay now now presents
now
now would you why do you carry that
thing with you that's a process now you
got it
okay who wants 12
y'all getting the prey okay Charles
Jennifer Zelman was it for Michelle
where's the coffee table - shattered it
some the garage in pieces
grandpa broken thank you open can we see
what they are very great where's
Danielle they don't know what is down
awesome buddy yeah yeah yeah yeah your
honors crap so bud easy make sure
everybody suppresses with him like that
that
Albert bashful over your cards and
microwave hey you are you have noisy in
there yeah you ain't open of it what the
hell is that yes some of your presents
not all the more for Christmas morning
with young'uns
huh young uns no order from us and Kim
what peasant Kim and me oh there's a
teen under what well Santa suit fuck it
this is blinken ham is heavy they keep
you warm they're warm oh shit
they're awesome as pretty thank you Mike
all this damn dad so the candy Roku 3
what's that you said you want a way to
watch those applications without needing
a ps4 well that's that you go moving all
right yeah of course I will come as a
cool comes with a remote and has a bunch
of apps on it
hey a book I'll read your side of the
bug that's me killed
great
oh man baby cry stairway Bridget Oh
yours
yamballi Reese's how was your early
Christmas I appreciated like I'm fully
expecting a new ps4 from you for
Christmas is that what I can expect
never weary out we'll see I think you
will find out I'm guided by yeah you got
me one ah you keep dreaming and your
dreams Michael what Merry Christmas Mike
Merry Christmas dad what is that I'll
get my boy I love you let it sit down
we're going you leavin yeah cuz usually
I go okay you go thank you believe
you're leaving grandpa yeah yeah I'm get
out of loudmouth shit and Omega Twiggy
very man come on cream pump kids I seen
you here you do Oh give each other a hug
oh oh fuck yourself
Bryce genuine ruby Christmas look here
don't yourself there you go hey Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas I get by when
toy investors environmental in your
wrestlers dreams and a ring it can't
matter yep Carolina's sure you strong
need your buddy
you are strong really push what look at
the baby yet baby got some of this but
have this size usually you can't tearing
the qualms little bit way too big for it
well they're all gone they all open the
presents we still got present open with
dad so that be Christmas morning it was
good time huh birch it
got a blank you to cover words well
can't recall the last time I had such a
dream we each have our own blankets man
my baby love you
mmm Merry Christmas mom well just drop
my life at home and it's time for us to
go back home had a good little Christmas
party Oh vlogs almost over I pooped
that was not Taylor's left well here is
the remnants of the party just a big
colossal mess in here but it was a lot
of fun so anyway thanks for watching you
guys
ah that is weird dad left his weapon he
must have went to the van to get it and
then when he was done with it
Saten up here so thanks for watching you
guys had a great time unless he claims
are coming back and needs it easy acting
us thanks for watching you guys had a
great time hope all you that came to the
party had a great time Charles and
Jennifer and mom and dad hope you guys
had a great time to Tina and Albert I
had a lot of fun so thanks for watching
you guys
like subscribe favorite and that's it
anyway I'm your postman today awesome
and you get your hand delivered alright
thank you
Oh your watch about two three years to a
head long time here what what what would
you oh I love it
my whole family does yoga who's that
into it yeah
