what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and today his Friday
Bridget's outside so you don't have to
worry about her interrupting the intro
first things first earlier today an
interview came out that I did for a
website called lighthouse magazine empty
lighthouse magazine uh
basically they wanted to ask me some
questions about the videos and Dad and
how we got started and all that stuff
and so I did the interview check the
link is below one of the questions at
the interview asked that everybody seems
to be asking me on Twitter today
uh it's free to go into detail about
turning down truTV yes it's true I did
turn down truTV a couple years ago more
than a couple of years ago this was back
when I lived at the trailer I was I'd
received an email from truTV uh I was
told to call an executive she was it was
a female and I talked to her outside and
she started talking to me about if I
would be interested in a reality show
with dad at the time I said yes I was
very interested I was listening to
everything she had to say and as the
conversation progressed it became
apparent to me that she wanted the
videos to be fake that was number one
she was saying oh we can script some
situations where this happens and this
happens well the videos are real so I
would not be able to a fulfilled I'm
pretty aware that fulfills not a word so
I would not been able to fulfill the
obligations needed for that TV show so I
went ahead and pulled the plug as time
went on other shows would come to me
other networks would talk to me and you
know and those talks it became apparent
to me again uh that doing a reality show
would mean the end of our YouTube
channel so I cut off conversations right
there because we're not going to get rid
of the YouTube channel just because we
can be on TV the YouTube channel came
first
we're not sellouts we are not going to
be getting rid of you know what got us
to getting a show in the first place to
be on a show so all that is covered in
the interview if you want to read the
interview check out the link
hope you guys like it so anyway I'm
going to start my Friday at 11:11 Oh
nice time it is really late right now
we've been super busy all day wrapping
presents and getting the house ready for
tomorrow because tomorrow I'm having a
Christmas party one of the things that
I'm going to do right here is take some
of these presents and put them under the
damn tree it's about time that it's also
look like Christmas in this piece so we
just got done taking all the presents
and putting them under the tree here we
go this is what it looks like I think we
went overboard oh man this is crazy
burgeoned did we go too crazy well this
is for tomorrow night my nephews and
Grandpa's gonna be here in morning just
gonna be a good old time it's another
one gift card doesn't meet that me yeah
so Bridget I noticed this is my only
gift yeah kind of small light would be a
ps4 I didn't get a ps4 no I'm going
through everyday I'm president see if
there's one in here which present am I
gonna rip into first
Oh
you being lazy of course we will still
be celebrating Christmas on the 25th
with Grandpa this is just so my nephews
can have Christmas with us being that
they live with their mom and you know we
don't you know probably not going to see
each other on Christmas they're gonna
have their own Christmas so you know
we're gonna do it tomorrow the 20th just
so we can all have a Christmas together
and this actually the first Christmas
with all of us together mom and dad and
you know a long time that's going to be
interesting dad still doesn't know mom's
coming so that's gonna be fun that's
going to be good this key I'm gonna try
to get dad's reaction walking in and
seeing mom that's my goal so of course
Brigette would need to guard the TV
because he's gonna try to pull some shit
I would not have my TV broken even if I
have to take it out of the living room
myself so the other day this company
reached out to me and they offered to
send me this new little handheld
open-source gaming console because they
felt bad for me because grandpa
destroyed the ps4 and this is it I just
got it in today we're going to check us
out this is the GC though is this G CW 0
so here we go we're going to check this
thing out so here we go the you know has
all the you know you can get the
emulators looks like Nintendo Game Boy
Game Boy Color say all kinds of
emulators that you can download for this
and of course you can download the games
for it
these are some of the games that are
already on it
so if anybody watching this knows how to
use these the GCW zero and you know how
to use the emulators send me a link will
send me a link tell me what to do
because I'd like to learn how to play
some of the emulators like Mario you get
Zelda on it but it's open-source gaming
this thing is awesome if you want to
check out the website the link is below
so you can see what they are what it's
like but as I can see it's pretty
awesome
he also sent me a tablet from MJ
technology I have not checked this out
yet so this will be a bit of an unboxing
stuff for it check this out so here I am
checking out this tablet I also have it
plugged into the wall right here so it's
gonna be kind of hard to maneuver around
this thing but I'm just checking it out
charging is a zero percent right now
well this is pretty neat dude
this is awesome you done huh Felix think
I'm done for today
it shouldn't a no Garfield ood well
that's going to be it for today you guys
not a very long vlog like I said I
started at 11 o'clock had a lot of stuff
for the party being prepared for our
presents down
checked out the new gcw zero bag I sent
to me a the MJ technology tablet that
stuff is awesome I appreciate you guys
sending it to me like I said if you want
to check out the interview I did earlier
the link is below and uh that's it
thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite and that's it I
do I'm looking for candy camel yo Jamie
Cambell air oh I'm your husband and you
are a you are the dirt yes I did well I
bought it yourself oh my god oh my god
