what's going on you guys give you hand
here yeah I guess she's somehow kid
behind camera hours have been yes yeah
she behind a camera here Bridget wes is
over there and doing her life here doing
her little thing here so kid behind a
camera here don't he actin I do a intro
today is throwback Thursday and tonight
I'm gonna tell you the story about why
grandpa hates the holidays I told you
guys last week that I was going to do it
dad threatened me last week that he was
going to destroy my TV if I did it he
didn't say nothing about this week I'm
not going to tell the story it's going
to be in his words from a video that we
uploaded on the angle grandpa show
channel back in 2011 ah not a lot of
people have seen it hopefully you guys
haven't seen if you have take a look at
it again or skip past it I'm gonna have
my own comments afterwards but in a
little bit I'm gonna show that video
grandpa explaining why he hates the
holidays with a little bit of follow up
for me also we're gonna be wrapping the
presents in a little bit can show you
what it is of course but gonna be
wrapping presents and I got a nerd blog
today so we're gonna be opening up dad
we're gonna be wrapping up presents
we're gonna tell the throwback Thursday
story and that's gonna be all we do
today cuz we're not drinking cocoa look
I do not know how to write president
look at all oh god this label doesn't
want to stay on this looks at crap huh
no it's cute it's adorable
okay how much more is there to wrap 100
huh and you get do it all by yourself a
hundred
I'm skin oh yeah there's stuff I wrap
these you wrap that it's pretty obvious
but you're out babe
hey yeah I just I'm dying I'm done with
the whole blabbing game it's it are you
kidding
I'm retired from the wrapping business
so you guys can see the state of our
living room right now this is what we're
dealing with
horrible and cluttered oh yeah this is
pretty ridiculous
I hate it
me too I got my nerd block in it's time
for us to open it we got our nerd block
in today there's a certain it's mine
there's always a shirt oh is this more
exciting than a double rainbow shirt
punch is gifting you know you're talking
about there's two shirts yeah okay so
we'll put those aside oh god yes it's
amazing I love it
it's gizmo from the gremlins oh my god
dude that rocks hard that's really cool
you see it good yes on the light just in
case that looks like horrible crowd or
take it off it's fucking gizmo okay
that's cool better so you I like that
over the top okay that's it dude don't
feed it after midnight oh I like it okay
a hundred and forty page notebook was
seven colored sections it is a Tetris
notebook also little Tetris notebook so
this looks like it's signed looks like a
Val Kilmer signed picture from Willow
hmm that's kind of neat this big our
real signature I wonder probably it
looks real I would have rather gotten
Warwick Davis well that's still cool
though so it's a verified signature from
Val Kilmer that's pretty cool that's
pretty cool now let's check out the
shirts this one I'll check second here
is the first shirt
I believe it's that Dragonball Z that's
pretty cool and a second shirt oh my
goodness it's Harry Potter but erbil the
annual butterbeer pub crawl that's
awesome Harry Potter Hogwarts Wow from
Hogsmeade village that's me
that's pretty cool huh one of the arms
that I get a Harry Potter shirt
nerdblock rocks shit thank you so that's
our nerd block for this month got a
Harry Potter shirt got Tetris notebook
got my little gizmo
hello and as we saw from the movie
gremlins never feed him a chair leg
don't get him wet Brigitte he's eating
hey Fifi well he's done with me okay so
earlier I told you guys that I was gonna
let grandpa tell you the story about why
he hates the holidays so here we go
without any further ado here we go
grandpa's words why he hates the
holidays as I said this is a video that
we uploaded back in 2011 not a lot of
people have seen it so I'm going to use
in the vlog today check it out this is
why grandpa hates the holidays lot of
y'all been right me won't know why I
hate Christmas there's a serious one now
ain't gonna make you laugh on this one
doc 50 years ago my daddy got the car
wreck and was paralyzed from the neck
down two weeks before Christmas daddy is
Santa Claus he come down my fucking
chimney at all a few years later my mama
had a heart attack on a week before
Christmas
and had a Imbler daddy and I was taking
him and going to the hospital to see my
mama it seemed like anything that's ever
bad that's happened has happened between
Thanksgiving and Christmas so I start
looking for shit this time of year I
think the biggest thing is I've got what
year was it while bad now but my mama
she died at 6 o'clock
Oh Christmas morning and we was to all
stand with her we were all in there
since we had the tree sitting over here
you know and she died and they came in
pronounced her dead they took her off
and and it was sad I said you know I
don't feel like Christmas no more so I
took the tree down two down all the
bulbs but there was a downside that
fucking Michael that little motherfucker
he care about his grandma died he wanted
that damn game to either women here with
moji diljit Santa Claus brings my game
he can't abide the guys him grandma died
he worked by getting that game and
playing it I said my for you grandma did
okay do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do and
he did give a goddamn or whatsoever he
won that game that's Michael that I'm
Michael for you know he's a little
feller and that's the main reason I
don't like Christmas anymore because if
anything bad is gonna happen at me it's
around a holiday so that was it that was
grandpa explaining why he hates the
holidays and for some further
explanation on my part it is true when
my grandma died I didn't go to her
funeral I didn't care I wanted to play
my video games and that's why to this
day I don't want anything for Christmas
that's just I don't accept Christmas
gifts because I see it I was selfish I
was young I didn't understand my mind
hadn't really comprehended with
was and what it was about and like and I
was a greedy little shit and because of
that I don't really like to get anything
on Christmas but I do like to buy
everybody else presents and stuff but
you know that song that I wrote about my
friend I got hit by the car I actually
wrote a verse about that in my song so
check this out I want to take you back
to 99 Christmas Day as a rob the day my
father's father died Thunder sounds and
a house we come to say goodbye daddy
cries as they move it to the Hurst
outside sunny sighs funny stories that
we say define peace of mind heart is
broken here's a peace of mind peaceful
while we gotta see you free - he's the
line Swezey guy who tries to hide behind
a book inside must control my script a
funeral to stay at home play my games I
got for Christmas shit and sick I know
shit dispose I gotta live my life with
guilt that grows and the Christmas skip
the gifts I don't deserve them yo make
it true though just help me man
so I was stupid I was greedy and that's
something that I'll live with and it
sucks but that's why grandpa hates the
holidays
he hates Thanksgiving because he found
out his mom had the cancer on
Thanksgiving Day she died on Christmas
morning and it's just hard times on him
he's always had problems around the
holidays and that's why he hates them
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite and that's it
