what's going on you guys you're just
here let me see my part first kid behind
a camera here rest here whatever so it
is Tuesday I think it is yes yesterday
we did not upload a mailbag Monday video
and why is that because grandpa and I
aren't talking that's why I did the tina
prank and now we're not talking ah I
guess he felt that was too much revenge
from the PlayStation 4 video whatever
I'm not gonna talk to him he's not gonna
talk to me we're at a dead lock no
mailbag mind a video I do have another
video I'm going to upload to his channel
that I got the other day it is grandpa
hand delivering a t-shirt that somebody
ordered he they lived in the area so I
wind delivered it to him fall upload
that video but no mailbag Monday video
until we talk again so so you think
things be fixed uh think it's fubar
does that mean fucked up beyond
recognition that's right we have all the
pieces that you need what do you need to
do you got the hammer II hit it with
Williams finish destroy it come when you
can't fix it at all I don't think so I
think it's done can't be that bad I mean
what even was this no I do
so you don't think he can be fixed well
well what do you think yeah I'm gonna
save that it's a hard drive yeah so
here's two things I'd like your help
with one there's a disk that was still
in there when you destroyed it I don't
know what disc it is I think I like just
try to retrieve it and I'd like to save
this hard drive hard drive is not a
problem just need a screwdriver now it's
definitely broke broke
what power up at all I'm afraid to plug
it in where's the plug they're still
plugged up under the TV bridge he's
plugging into ps4 yes let's look for any
kind of sparks now if they had the
lights go out in this house worst thing
can happen want to look get shocked oh
the fuck oh man it didn't nothing
happened
nope where's the power button it's
beating off of it we can offer but the
eject button is on the front right here
thank your hard drive okay looks
relatively normal still is definitely
hard road piece that the rest of it both
enter the disk in it you don't think you
will have a crowbar do you know calm
down guys definitely built them right
I'm able to get a better beat if you do
it on the floor I will give you
assistance in your smash I had no
resistance and that's much so you imply
yeah I'd be right back were you going so
we are in the process of recovering the
disk that would be so cool my dad can
recover the dust you think he can well
we're in the process recovering the disk
that was lost in the ps4 when grandpa
destroyed it he's going for another
method what you got oh
just a little help I've been working on
the railroad
alright we're getting close oh crap ah
the Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown favorite
I take it anything oh god it is ruined
we might not be made just be able to
wipe that off oh it's white pop holy
crap this disk is actually okay
been to hell and back oh my goodness we
have your disc you guys want to take a
final whack yeah
dad this is your TV I got a lot more
brushing me off on where is it you want
a quack yeah all right Bridget's giving
it away huh this is your table
Ritchie cares less than I thought give
it a bigger whack
not really all right gee whiz this ps4
is officially been through hell and back
Oh God thanks Doug you're more than
welcome and now we can watch the Great
Pumpkin Charlie Brown what you view
sparrow how am I gonna watch it though
oh okay doggies sorry if we scared you
here some trees these trees feel so Airy
like there's nothing to them your
freeze-dried it's for me fella come on
girl now uh so this is the kind of stuff
we're subjected to they collide without
a ps4 Bridget employee dr. Phil and I
will Santa Claus so that's gonna be it
for today you guys
phryges dad got our Charlie Brown DVD
out or the blu-ray out of the ps4 oh
thank you Doug for doing that for us
and that's gonna be it uh as I was
saying the reason I didn't do the monday
mailbag videos because dad won't talk to
me I won't talk to him right a deadlock
he won't call me I called him one time
and he picked up fuck you and hangs up
on me and that was it so I'm gonna do it
again I'll put myself out there to call
him again from just say fuck you you
know so we didn't get into the Monday
mailbag video I don't know when we're
gonna do the Monday mailbag video we
will eventually I don't know when I
guess friends again I'm fine I pranked
him I got more pranks planned but he's
still pissed off about that prank he
seems to think that the prank I did was
worse than him to storing the ps4 how
dare I do that to him yeah I went too
far
so anyway and whatever grudge because
there's nothing I can do to fix this dad
I know you watch my vlogs you being a
big baby a baby bitch that's dad right
now huh that's my oppression and anger
grandpa
so dad whenever when you act like a big
baby I treat you like a big baby I'll
come over burp you at some point this
week that's gonna be it for today you
guys
okay sure with a bottle I don't one
second I got dad on the phone
hey what's up dad okay dad okay dad calm
down yes that is me doing the voice it's
coming from the throat ah thanks for
watching he's actually offended over
though I mean it's whatever like
subscribe favorite and that's about
everything do that social shut up but if
you are very much that's it
love you guys I love you love you I mean
stop it you get the last word go ahead
love you let me - oh yeah oh I get happy
- got here matches so alright here we
kissing something underneath that
mistletoe I'll know the fucking Toby yet
you know yeah absorb we're gonna use
them no excuse you find you a ring for
Christmas turn it around of oh yeah yeah
yeah
