what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here it is about 4:00 in the
morning right now and a big moment
bittersweet moment number one still
pissed off that I don't have the ps4 ps4
is gone I know a lot of you gonna be
going off god why is he still talking
about the ps4 because I was expensive
and still was this table the table was
more than the ps4 but it's a bittersweet
moment for me right now because as of
right now the video has just hit 1
million views so there it is
1 million 2273 views and it's all
because of you guys for the record I'm
not getting emotional because it's got 1
million views that's you know of course
that's all that's so amazing yeah of
course those youtubers they'll reach it
every day and it's no big deal but we
don't reach that every day so this is
amazing when we can have a video to
reach 1 million views you know it hits
us here and the reason it hits us here
is because the reason it got 1 million
views is because of you guys the
catalyst for the video being shared
around was WorldStarHipHop it was on
worldstar the reason it was on worldstar
was because of you guys liking it and
sharing it and showing your friends and
like I said it's bittersweet I don't
have a ps4 anymore I still didn't get it
I'm gonna get one I'm gonna get one I'm
gonna get a ps4 I don't know what I'm
gonna get the ps4 so in that sense it's
bittersweet because it had to happen
with such a horrible thing dad breaking
everything in we're not we haven't
really talked we talked in the vlog
yesterday on the phone but that was the
only time we talked he won't answer my
calls and I don't know if my answer haze
right now but we reached a million views
and that is because of you guys and
that's so amazing so I just wanted to
say thank you to all you guys if we say
you're fucking amazing but it's like you
are
fucking amazing too you know just stick
around with us and share the videos and
it's it's fucking awesome so thank you
guys 1 million views if another person
doesn't see it now that who cares you
guys got it - a million thank you guys
it's amazing 4:00 in the morning but I'm
why'd the fuck awake now uh let's get
the day started
I don't know well the Sun is out
Bridget is awake and I can't go to sleep
I'm trying to go to sleep pretty soon uh
staying up all night sucks and I don't
want to sleep all day tomorrow
so bridge now I'm gonna need you to
waking up about noon what time I gotta
get up wake up Michael your days begun
yeah yeah now open ok what are you doing
here I told you don't go why don't you
tell me where that thing stopped next
time it's that day right there you hear
me that's bet take a mouse one more time
yo calm ok yeah hell what is wrong with
you what hey what wheat I told you I
don't you put her back
I'm generative mining is Saturday
understanding and if you ain't dude good
posture Boston you're on my side
tomorrow I'll be back come on I'm coming
over tomorrow
they owe me a TV now Stanley what time
tomorrow and I'll be there you better
beat about war to Allah yes Daddy yeah
you leave her home walk she don't want
to talk to you any talk to her calm down
you guys
oh you don't mind me
yeah you better you better show me
something you gotta show me respect
gonna let them in well he's trying to
attack her huh serious my oh my oh
please I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
tomorrow
all right you guys these bathrooms use
the bathroom baby oh dude come on you
better keep them vicious animals away
from me they're not vicious they're
trying to lick your deafness now none of
dogs you sip them Oh me maybe shit
you started to spoil my TV you shake the
dogs on me that's Joe TV oh so do you
just walk around with this thing now and
this sweater what is it I like this
sweater it's my favorite sweater I don't
have a ps4 now because of you I expect
you to make good about that I will so
back off
mm-hmm does your Dre just keep it's your
drink you write how's your drink
drinking I don't want it so we just come
over to hang out what is this could
remind you about Saturday I keep calling
you don't answer your damn phone I don't
want to talk you destroyed a my table
used for the table and a ps4 and I care
why I don't this I'm doing a tape I'm
daddy I'm your daddy
you shot me
I'm the idea make fertilizer not you out
yeah chill our child
so tomorrow young Stan miles so right
now we are on the interstate and it's so
terrifying that I'm getting sick I'm
starting to get fucking dizzy cars are
just freakin weaving in front of us and
fucking everywhere in this sucks okay
God we're leaving this thing
well something funny that's really funny
you're not scared oh that car we've
right in front of us out of nowhere just
now yeah it's a good thing I wasn't
speeding so we were just going down to
North Charleston gonna go visit angle
rally we're gonna go to Walmart we were
supposed to be meeting Bridget's dad but
he's not answering and we just got
involved with all these cars and I'm
terrified and I want to go home let's go
home
fucking no call your dad and say it's
over hey there she's rolling around for
like a minute I grabbed the camera and
she stops okay that's my phone baby
she's extra playful play mrs. hole
you're Sean you give me Anne well I'm
gonna take that big ball actually that's
my big ball well you think it's um
vicious bring it here come on bring in
here hey fellas me ain't example I'm
coming to break something in your house
we're training well that's gonna be it
for today you guys we went to Tanger
Outlets to be bridges dad he never
called us back so we went home they do
not didn't go to Walmart working so okay
the point being we didn't hang out with
Weezer to have
my daddy my dad came over here and
threatened me so tomorrow we baking them
cookies it's about time I go to sleep I
have not slept yet I was up all night so
that's gonna be it
once again like I said this morning
thank you guys for everything you guys
are awesome gonna go ahead and hit the
hay
why do what is that phrase about hit the
hay it's like a background behind that
I've literally never heard you say the
phrase hit the hay at any point I've
ever met known you I don't say it I type
it I'm gonna hit the hay now show me on
Facebook right now by show me because
you've made it up so thanks for watching
you guys
like subscribe favorite and that's it
hey go on Oh oh my god nope out of stock
