what's going on you guys keep me on
camera here and today is Thursday and
it's supposed to be throwback Thursday
and I told all you guys and I was going
to tell you the story of why grandpa
hates the holidays but I was talking to
dad and he told me I don't have
permission to tell it exactly how they
put I call it was a oh yeah dad today
I'm gonna tell the story about why you
hate the holidays and he so fuck no you
goddamn hell not if you do I'm gonna
take out you goddamn TV so I'm not gonna
do it because I know that he's not
joking when he says he's gonna do
something I've told it before I'm gonna
tell it soon I want to tell the story
but not tonight because I need my TV
I've lost ps4 I can't lose my television
as well uh next Thursday a hundred
percent I am going to tell the story I'm
going to use that video I'm going to
talk about it and that's going to be
next Thursday absolutely no matter what
you're not taking out my TV man so
anyway uh not going to tell with our by
Thursday story tonight instead I'm gonna
tell another throwback story in a few
minutes Bridgette and I are going to be
going to target we're gonna be going to
Walmart we're gonna do some shopping uh
that should be fun
that's the only thing else I got to do
that stays sucks
it's pretty amazing how many times you
can go to Walmart when you have nothing
to do at home before but like all
Bridgette uh you know I'm gonna move you
to watch on Vudu now I can't have an
excuse but uh okay let's go to Walmart
I've been to Walmart on six fucking
times I'm tired of that store I like
Walmart but Christ man how much can
somebody like Walmart been apart I've
been to Walmart and the Best Buy the
target been all these stores more time
in the past work in three days that I
have in the past month
so anyway bye they go to Walmart and
Target and God help me somebody help me
okay are we in target or world of
sunglasses oh well they were such a good
selection
yep too many who needs as many glasses
holy crap
it's a selection nobody owns as many
pairs I don't think I would hope not
I know right do I need the oval pair or
the slightly less pair so we are in
target right now shopping now might
check out the pier scores mmm I don't
know
stop it we can't afford it right now why
are we in this section what do you think
we need to go to the baby clothes great
no no what I'm not putting up with this
we should start starting getting some of
those cuz it gets really pricey ps4
comes first
mmm it doesn't though what a big blue
another three months I'm sorry Michael I
know him tell you that's my stop no I
didn't want to say nothing just just I
don't know come on formula
don't don't is what what do you think
babies like what I think babies like I
don't know food you had four baby
nephews what do they eat and so on your
mom's like in hell you're pregnant
nope Michael stop
4:49 that's a lot that's awesome
poor thing I miss it too
I really wish you can get warm you know
what he has so 399
you could ask your boss for your check
early no course not so no ps4 I was
hoping they'd have one on display so I
could play it a little bit they don't
have one on display so I can't play it
for four days it's loud enough oh three
mama right now I just need about 15
minutes with the ps4 soon as they
Michael they're gonna have your games I
don't play anything
do they not have one so uh huh no oh and
gamestop is closed hey come on Oh oh my
god have enough sale nope out of stock
okay I'm recording you said you want to
apologize oh my god well I will
apologize big ups for okay so you're not
sorry what so you're not really sorry so
just now dad called me and he said oh
but I better apologize to you Moo so I
grabbed the camera thinking he was going
to apologize and that's what happened
and my search for ps4 didn't go as
planned
one bridge won't let me get one and two
then have any Glide
hey buddy okay
they're all starting to swarm what's in
there I don't your guys are looking for
Dana in the harem god there's they're
still not used to it being empty
Clyde buddy please be careful I want to
lose the TV - what are you looking for
bill God come here buddy
what are you doing
what are you doing Oh Oh be Metis
throwback Thursday
and I couldn't tell the story about why
grandpa hates the holidays I thought I
should still tell a story so I'm gonna
tell a quick story about one of my
Christmas list one year so back when I
was a kid we were very very very poor I
mean dirt poor and grandpa had our
family adopted for Christmas
we couldn't afford any presents so dad
had the family adopted a couple of
family got together and they decided
they were going to buy for us and they
asked us to make our own Christmas list
to decide what we wanted for Christmas
so they gave us these toys arrests
magazines and Walmart ads and what we
were supposed to do was cut it out and
glue it on two pieces of paper to say
what we wanted to get for Christmas so
we all made our list we cut out the toys
we wanted and we put it on the paper and
we mailed it out and about two days
later dad comes at me pissed off what
the fuck is wrong with you bud you
stupid new PETA idiot I was eight years
old and I wasn't thinking I didn't use
glue to put my pieces of cut out on the
paper I used syrup not only did I use
syrup I used all the syrup so the paper
was dripping syrup and it was sticky and
it was ripping in the envelope and dad
didn't have syrup for his pancakes and
I'm pretty sure that was the reason he
was actually pissed off nothing to do
with me be using syrup for glue but dad
just didn't realize we didn't have glue
I had to do what I could but
unfortunately they couldn't read my list
because I used syrup so I was told to
make a new list they gave me a new Toys
R Us magazine a new Walmart ad and I was
supposed to make it
dad says shit yo feather him and you
will make a goddamn list so once again I
made me a list only this time we didn't
have glue again but we did have a hot
glue gun which I don't know why I
plugged the hot glue gun in I'm sitting
there using this hot glue on the back
and I'm sticking it I'm burning myself
it hurts dad's pissed off again but I
got the Christmas list done sent it to
them and I got my Christmas presents
I asked for Power Ranger stuff a Power
Ranger shirt and here is a picture from
that Christmas
boom it don't get more throwback than
that freaking seven eight year old
pickle boy so anyway that was a real
quick story just a quick story about me
using syrup for glue when I was making
my Christmas list followed by the
picture of our Christmas that
correspondent to it so that's gonna be
it for today you guys next Thursday I
will absolutely tell the story of why
grandpa hates Christmas for sure no
matter what I'm telling it so thanks for
watching you guys I hope you had a great
Thursday I hope you're having a great
holiday season went to Walmart Bridget
told me she was pregnant didn't last
very long
so anyway thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite and that's it so dad
came over I really did not want to talk
about this instead of talking about it
how about you pick up all the fucking
blu-rays and shit you better get me a
minute to toggle you better you better
stop now who is the one that just lost a
goddamn PlayStation 4 me and you you and
I
