what's going on you guys keeping a
camera here it goes seriously let's
clean now
so no that's clean Bridget stop so I got
do it like always I'm not talking about
it I'm not even using it
Oh No my eyes look fucked up hold on huh
Megillah stop I'm sorry you have such a
shitty dad does he care about you what's
going on you guys keep beyond a camera
here stop stop stop it let's clean
Michael
Bridget I don't want just today is
Tuesday and um today's Tuesday let me
show them stop dude
today's Tuesday we were going to be
going to Smackdown tonight Bridget we
were supposed to be going to Smackdown
tonight oh yeah
shit fuck it so I'm showing it we want a
broom yeah I gotta use this so dad came
over I really did not want to talk about
this instead of talking about it how do
you pick up all the fucking blu-rays and
shit you better give me a minute to
toggle you better you better stop know
who is the one that just lost the
goddamn PlayStation for me and you you
and I come on
so dad came over because I didn't bake
fuckin cookies with him right now
what write about your life no dude well
I'll tell you one thing we need to store
something is I'll tell you that shit
right now we're taking out something
expensive of anga grandpa's I'll tell
you that now
no I'll think of something we're
destroying something so far well you've
got a shop back I can't pick up all this
fucking glass
and Porter back let me let me just show
everybody this is when a PlayStation 4
looks like on the back and this is what
it looks like when the Frenchman beaten
in with a fricken whatever that thing is
I wonder if I can salvage the hard drive
I do all my games shit okay first of all
I spent all my money on Christmas so I
can't get a new one to the games I gotta
read a little the game no yeah I am so
so grandpa destroyed my playstation 4
and then my dinner table of course the
table dude dude we can't even replace
this they don't sell this table no more
yep so we're without a table let's just
leave it here no let's go out no you
look like I'd know after we clean it up
I mean no you don't want to get out of
the house for a minute I'm trying to be
fucking nice here
fine Michael where do you want to go
look at the s4's that we can't afford no
I'm not getting I can't I won't have a
piece off a little bit hmm
go to the movies or something whatever
we might long as it's cleaned up perfect
then yeah probably maybe put the camera
down then instead up oh I don't know
Michael I told you the same thing you
don't seem to care I'm just recording
you cleaning helping me well here it is
here is the living room we have cleaned
up hey I helped so the tables been moved
out the glass has been cleaned up and I
do not have a ps4 and I don't have the
fucking money to buy ones Oh
so don't have a ps4
ah and really no way of getting another
ps4 right now so I'm out I do have an
egg the Xbox one no gave it away
I have people asking me oh why did I
just stand there
crime oh why did I do that instead of
instead of what for one I won't let Braz
you call the cops on my father
that's number one I won't let her do
that I wouldn't do it to her family she
can't do it to mine it's just a
unwritten rule second family is the most
important thing to me in life it just is
yeah he destroyed my ps4 am I pissed
yeah uh he destroyed my table my pissed
yeah am I gonna get revenge fuck yeah
I'm gonna get revenge for I'm gonna
break something is I will get in revenge
that's that's happening revenge a comin
I don't care if I take every TV out of
your house uh your microwaves your cell
phone and I sell it and I replace the
ps4 that way I'm getting revenge so no I
didn't call the cops won't dad because
one I would just had to bail him out
then we're wasting even more money I'm
not gonna let her stick in jail forever
me being temporarily angry hey and - and
- I'm not gonna fight I'm not gonna beat
up my father I want to stop - no like
this I know how often have I done that
dad stop he comes at me these are
swinging the fucking thing yeah you're
right you don't mess with someone who's
bashing something like that he's done
here so let him do his thing then you
strike afterwards well we just got out
of the movies wedding saw Nightcrawler
that was pretty good movie was I right
or was I right you're right you wanted
to see Dumb and Dumber on anniversary I
wanted to see Nightcrawler
Dumb and Dumber was Dumb and Dumber at
the same time it was the dumbest
and what about Nightcrawler Vidya was
that right yeah I was right Nightcrawler
was amazing
we are both feeling pretty good right
now
dad I'm coming for you ma'am coming for
you
hashtag revenge hashtag revenge
hashtag revenge with an 8 that show
Bridget likes you remember that show
revenge but oh oh I don't like that show
don't you dare put my name on that you
used to have it no I didn't I've got it
you plague bought the second season I
had to finish it because my co I can't
just start a show not watch it but it
was the worst show ever ever she not
only had to see the show but she bought
the last season uh pretty sure that
happened so yeah cuz I didn't know it
was on Netflix so anyways uh just left
the movie like when sine Nightcrawler
we're feeling pretty we're feeling
better now I don't have a ps4 but I am
gonna prank grandpa buddy that sucks I
really want to watch is Kristen moves
I'm boo do we have voodoo on the Smart
TV upstairs
who cares I hate going upstairs we'll
bring it downstairs fine bring it
downstairs love you
I feel like pranking hims not enough
nope no so I will be pranking dad that's
happened I've already talked to some of
the people pranking grandpa but that's
not enough I want to break something -
so I'm gonna figure out what I'm gonna
do I am gonna go over there for cookie
Saturday I'm not gonna mess with that
video at all he you know they better be
good goddamn mother I'm not talking to
him they better be you're not gonna talk
no are you gonna come I might so they
better be good cookies let me tell you
that John I ain't gonna talk to him so
anyway Bridget I don't want to go to
City Hall
okay so we're here at City Hall where
many police are dad you went too far
just kidding just kidding City Hall is
right behind the movies the dad if
you're watching this vlog that's all it
takes
I just won't look at the pretty
Christmas tree some good news
when two bridges friends house tonight
and I logged into my fate to my ps4
profile my Sony profile and I was able
to see that all the games that I had I'm
able to redownload so luckily I did
digital well then again I would still
have the disc so I didn't either way I
did digital they're saved to my Sony
profile so I can redownload GTA and awwe
and all those games the problem is I've
lost all my progress so uh I was almost
done with GTA I almost rebate it and now
I have to redo it all over again and
that right there is one of those
frustrating things
I've lost my career 1w e 2k this sucks
so but at least I didn't lose the games
I'm able to redownload them gonna prank
dad though uh I need some ideas for what
you guys think I should break comment
below what you think I should break it
is I'm not gonna break like the YouTube
button somebody said that that's just to
mean the ps4 is replaceable the button
is not so I'm not gonna break the button
but if you have any ideas of what do you
guys think I could probably break or do
let me know thanks for watching you guys
as usual thanks for watching I think I
said that already thanks for watching as
usual thanks for watching anyway thanks
for watching you guys seriously uh like
subscribe favorite and that's it get out
there
how many I wanna have you played a to
burn there it is I let me play it let it
in
oh you're gonna got it
