what's going on you guys yeah QP on
camera here brinjal s here it is help me
out Bridget Saturday is Saturday 6:00
p.m. right now Bridget and I are on our
way with well obviously not now cuz
we're at home but in a few minutes we're
gonna be on our way to the lights before
Christmas we're gonna see some lights
Christmas lights my mom and grandma so
bridges mom's gonna be there her
grandma's gonna be there and I'm
bringing you guys along the ride with me
let's go check out some Christmas lights
together see lights you know a little
seashells and yeah I like to see lights
too so here we go holiday festival
lights going bridges grandma this is our
little Saturday next couple of days I'm
going to Grandpa's house to make
Christmas cookies can't tell you that
I'm looking forward too bad because
making one time I made cookies with dad
and he made me vow I would never tell
this one time he made cookies he added
too much baking powder or baking soda
and they liquefied onto the tray to this
one big hard thin cookie if you would
never speak of this until now so dad
this was years ago but dad made a shitty
cookie so anyway Christmas cookies with
dad holiday of Lights Saturday we don't
produce grandma's house and there's a
little wreath on the door so bridges
grandma has a poodle and it hates me and
wants me to die
so what check this out
stay out of his face Oh God hey okay so
this is Bridget's grandma's little tree
hey SID making fun of that one by any
chance yeah they're not fluffy and not
adorable
yeah so this one's adorable two oranges
just piece of shit your tree is really
large trees not even worthy of
celebrating Christmas mom
either clasper can I come near you now
so we're about to walk driving soon you
walk I'm not doing any walking tonight
we're about to do a drive-thru of the
lights before Christmas and Evelyn is
insisting on Christmas music right
Evelyn so we have to mute the video for
copyright because we can't play their
music so this will be a montage and you
can blame the radio paid the user we are
wearing that night the Allenwood
copyright these back headlights just
glowing in my face is almost like a
horror video instead of Christmas
we are out of the car now we're gonna
walk around
I didn't even show a percent of all the
lights there are thousands of lights
everywhere it's crazy
I had to conserve battery power so I
didn't want to show everything so we're
now walking around and the winter
wonderland walking around a winter
wonderland picture with our way
Cindy says Bonita selfie bridging in the
selfie these are our selfies can't see
anything
well we are leaving the lights now I
actually ended up walking like I said I
wasn't gonna do so on our way out and
I'm missing UFC Jess what was UFC
Evelyn's Ultimate Fighting Championship
UFC comes before Christmas no I'm not
missing anything universities Bob I
can't wait let me get up
Bridget grant oh no don't don't go home
to their doggies now I got him guys see
we've got him like a sport hey by he's I
think I know you're trying to take my
picture there so I made it home in time
to watch UFC time for the main event
after the fight I will put you to bed I
missed the announcement that seal I
almost miss that too I miss the
announcement that CM Punk
has signed with the UFC which is amazing
CM Punk has been training in MMA for a
while and I wish him only the only the
best of luck dukkha CM punk is a true
talent it's a huge gamble because his
legacy is on the line with this because
he left the WWE and the indy his first
thing has to succeed are people gonna
judge him forever so CM punk in the UFC
only respect he's the fucking man hope
hopefully he really shines just sitting
here giving our tree a little look over
christmas is coming up it always goes by
way too quick dude we get Christmas and
then it's over with that's why I like I
wanted to put my tree up so early this
year because you know I don't know you
can never have the Christmas spirit for
too long people are usually they have it
and then they don't have it and you know
the Christmas spirit is awesome so get
the Christmas spirit and just embrace
that what you have it enjoy your tree
even though our trees a little I really
like it so that's gonna be it for today
you guys
it is about 2:30 in the morning right
now I just got done editing that cheesy
music montage that you guys saw so
that's gonna be it had a good time yeah
the music montage was cheesy but it was
a good time it was actually fun so had a
lot of fun with Bridgette and her mom
and her grandma and it was a good time
enjoyed seeing the lights I haven't done
that since I was a kid and you know you
couldn't see him all but there were just
so many live exhibits they were
everywhere you drive your car around
then you get out and you walk around and
look and I couldn't even film it oh
there's so much that I didn't catch on
film and so much that I didn't use that
I did film crazy if you have one of
those kind of things near you guys go
check it out I've had people ask me how
come I celebrate Christmas
because I'm an atheist one I'm not an
atheist I am an agnostic which means I
don't know the answer I don't know if
God's real like I don't know I don't
think anybody can know I think it's too
presumptuous to say oh for a fact there
is no God I don't know maybe maybe not
that's my that's my belief and you don't
have to believe in Jesus and all that
stuff to celebrate Christmas and people
are gonna go but Christ is in it you can
you can still have you know stuff like I
did tonight with family that that's what
the real spirit of Christmas is just
spending time with people you love and
you know just enjoying the time together
you don't have to believe in certain
things and deities and all this stuff to
you know just have fun with your fucking
family but that's gonna be it for today
thanks for watching
gonna go cook cookies with Grandpa
pretty soon and that's it so thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite hope
you guys are having a good Christmas
