what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here and today is Thursday I believe yes
today is a Thursday and first things
first the first thing that I want to say
is we have angry grandpa shirts
available which comes with good news and
bad news the good news is we have the
shirts the bad news is right now it's
only available in the US and I know that
sucks you know you know we got people
all over the want shirts but the problem
is people like us we don't have a way to
ship it out within any reasonable amount
so you know to ship us like for instance
to ship a shirt over to the UK with
delivery confirmation it's gonna cost
upwards of 60 dollars just to ship it
and we don't want to you know put that
on to you guys we don't want to say oh
yeah to get a shirt from us is gonna be
$70 that's ridiculous nobody wants to
pay that much for a shirt so we're
working on it right now we're talking to
some people we're talking to friends of
ours people who know how to do this kind
of stuff and we're asking them how can
we ship worldwide reasonably but for
right now they are available for people
in the US the link is below check it out
I do apologize for you guys not giving
it overseas and you know around the
country on the world right now but we
are working on it I promise I really
didn't want to you know put the shirts
up without you guys being able to get
one for yourself but we just couldn't
figure it out and I wanted you guys to
have them so we're working on it I
promise I'll have an update for you
pretty soon within the next couple of
weeks and I'll let you know what's going
on in just a few minutes I'm going over
to grandpa's house and I got all kinds
of ugly sweaters Bridgette went to
Walmart we got about six or seven
horrible sweaters and I'm gonna do that
in just a few minutes so the whole point
as I want him to do a fashion show I
want grandpa to be walking ooh look at
my new sweaters so that's the goal I'm
gonna go over to grandpa's house right
now start our Thursday on our way to
grandpa's
yeah let's go away oh come on you ain't
that mad got nothing to say to you
so just did a video where grandpa had a
little Christmas fashion show and I
ain't cuz it ain't Christmas daddy like
you said you just got a video camera the
other day
oh yes were you we do Islamic who you
get a present every day gee you gotta
stop messing with this damn thing dude
yeah I know you almost killed yourself
I'll give it to you Jesus
God that thing is dangerous killer Anne
well that was our first Christmas video
of the year how you feeling I feel like
a fucking idiot why is that cause you
ripped up a shirt for no reason no could
you maybe where does garbage is probably
a prayer present you gave me nothing you
gave me nothing
why don't have another candy cane pop
why'd you have it up your ass goal
you want to go home yes I want you to go
home now you didn't piss me off
I tell you what they might all want you
come here this weekend cuz you and I are
making cookies we're gonna make cookies
we're making cookies Christmas cookies
yeah I love you son come out love you
okay
Oh God you have a unique power to make
fart stink instantly that caught me in a
joke fart loading that's for real that's
for real don't drink any more that I
love coffee
Oh sing something here now nothing
really
yes somebody really want that shirt now
some smell like your fart damn show does
dick good applewood smoked bacon special
sauce
you watch it
what was that mother
hello bagel that is not a bagel it's a
freaking bun
you probably need teeth eat this thing
he's like the tiniest little bite editor
a mouthful
what you think of it tiger really why
not
I like viv the breads good it's like a
sweet little bit baby love it I can't
I'm staying to go bears up the bread is
the best part
yeah yeah Deb so you don't like the
baton clubhouse and we're a version that
you only burn me or something why broken
oh that's awesome husband saw
well that's Hardee's isn't it huh dig
that off
yeah that's Big Mac sauce well I love
them McDonald's special sauces Big Mac
sauce laughing do a breath
okay what would you bite me if I hold
you like a bravery oh she's adorable
hey Merry Christmas
hope you like the presents I love the
sweater I guess you would you would use
new sweaters your son you know you
invited me over for cookies to cook
cookies yeah you gonna be wearing warm
sweater when you bake cookies I'll burn
that fucking yeah you still wearing no
pants I know it
alright later pop all right buddy see
you later bye bye hello my boy boy what
you doing Claude you just sit in chair
little fungus sticking out hey buddy
well buddy you're that oh that's what
you want huh go get it
it's going on guys why is there such a
lull going on the living room everyone's
just laying around Sarah carbon monoxide
leak
it feels good out here dude it's crazy
oh come on you don't really think it's
freezing I'm sitting out here and
freaking boxers yeah I am in boxers and
I am NOT cold it is not cold out here
you were totally oh I'm fine with that
but you're totally out of your mind for
being freezing so grandpa dad like the
new McDonald's burger
uh-huh it's hey oh dude
okay let me end why let me end why what
it's not cold does I gonna be locked out
dude
no that's gonna be it for today you guys
we did grandpa's little fashion show do
you want to check that out the link is
below it was great so grandpa did this
fashion show today
what Cheers
I have no idea what you said Cheers Oh
Cheers
I don't know what you're saying Joshua
so thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite it and that's it
yeah they'll make you feel good
the nigga feel good
