what's going on you guys keep you on a
camera here edgewise right there that
was so Bridget Wes here pick a boy here
and today is Wednesday first things
first
there's a new video on grandpa's corner
right now where grandpa is addressing
the verdict in the Eric garner case
where the police officer was freed of
all charges he won't be charged for
murdering Eric garner so check it out
the link is below
he was pretty pissed off of course
everybody should be pissed off because
police are getting away with way too
much
so it's ridiculous the amount of stuff
police are getting away with these days
left and right everything's happening
the police are getting away with it and
this is just another example of police
who just do what the fuck they won fuck
us so check out the link below Grandpa's
reaction to Eric garner American Horror
Story is back tonight we got Survivor
Ultimate Fighter Southpark pudy pie poo
diva I feel like I'm not saying his name
right Beauty Judy you die you die who
died I'm not trying to GE WD ie I'm
sorry PewDiePie I'm gonna call them
cutie pie PewDiePie is on South Park
tonight how crazy is that
a youtuber is on South Park of course
he's the biggest YouTube right but a
youtubers on South Park that's that's
pretty fucking cool so congratulations
to that guy you know it's pretty damn
amazing
so anyway I'm gonna go to get the day
started even though it's 8:50 at night
during my day started at 8:50 what are
you thinking I'm thinking that I need to
wake up I woke up earlier but anyway
before I do anything else yesterday when
I was at Grandpa's house there was a
whole thing with him eating dog candy
canes he was sucking on it digital TV no
candy cane and a boy was Hannah's we
bought it for Hanna so check this out
this is grandpa eats freaking dog food I
don't know grandpa eating it though
ain't no flavor come on
yeah well there she is
he's a bigger player we talking about
guy got a candy cane you buy huh
they got no playoff dad
these are dog treats what you know those
with candy canes I'll go no candy game
no is this dog bone huh shot nasty oh
poor little Hannah and he's making fun
of your little candy canes yeah god I
thought they were real candy canes
no I guess this thought it looked like a
bee you see people a dog I knew that big
don't look at that oh yeah everybody I
pet pet sheep kcp pet shop hey chippy
pet shop ain't no Lea jiffy it's a dog
paw for the small dog got a low okay so
it's good she pees okay yeah yeah but
just like me yeah here's a banana nasty
changed we had four bones like you said
it's a bone why are you so annoying
you only howl you licked it like a
little bit doesn't matter Matthew like I
don't gotta go okay don't bully I love
the candy game well you took one leg you
should have known you were sitting there
sucking on the thing well I thought the
flavor was inside I didn't know you're a
dog dude you're I'm you have dog breath
now you eat dog things you're a dog a
bone
Oh grandpa likes bone go get boned her
grandpa his bone would be better
we should get boned I didn't get voted
in Stickney bond I think you better just
stick me know how you did you got bones
Bridget grandpa got boned her when you
got bone
I did not get bone okay break off in my
mouth oh that's a good idea
go ahead you know it's even better idea
what watching you get boned you know I'm
not going nowhere else with this dad
don't you know what getting boned means
yeah I mean a piece that damn thing with
a bone break up and cut me somewhere no
getting bone between you get fucked
yep I never got bones why don't I get
both yeah
I did not get bone
stop it loves getting burned oh my god
grandpa got bone you know you got a
filthy mouth got a filthy mind I don't
want to talk to you I don't want no you
your minds in the fucking gutter gutter
mind everybody saw it right here on
camera grandpa got bone yeah hey would
you put this little ornament on today I
put this one in this one and this one no
eggs
so this is our little tree that was
trying to mess with it tear it down
well wait right here a tree down oh my
god because I
hey cut that out
dude I don't listen to isn't like Bella
what is going on with you oh you want
program so if you noticed when I showed
the tree just now you notice the
presents were or not under there that's
because a lot of them we have here now
because the dogs who are like trying to
get to the presence we had it under
there for five minutes and Bella was
dragging a present across the floor and
Felix clawed at the thing so we had to
move them in here
can't have president under our tree
closer to Christmas we will because I
want some presents under there
eventually we still have a lot more to
wrap that's definitely a majority of the
presents we still have a bunch more to
go still wrapping still getting presents
together but for right now they had to
be moved
check this out oh I didn't feel it's for
like best friends and they can't get to
each other so he's like sitting across
this he's sitting here and they're just
chilling someone like a jailhouse visit
you visiting your little friend Clyde
come daddy Jesus it's funny
the dogs cannot figure out how to get
past this thing it's like so cheaply put
up here says lean begins to counter but
they can't figure out how to get by to
them it might as well be an electric
fence cuz I can't can't get past it well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
tomorrow I'm gonna go to Grandpa's house
and I'm going to give him some Christmas
presents and buy Christmas presents I
mean sweaters he's going to get a whole
bunch of sweaters tomorrow so that's
what's in store for grandpa for my
opinion on the Eric garner stuff
ridiculous it's unimaginable that a cop
would get away with that you know lots
of people got lots of strong opinions on
subjects like
but in this case Eric garner got
murdered by the NYPD and nothing's
happening about it and that sucks that
really really sucks so first of all rest
in peace to Eric garner second of all my
condolences to his family you know it's
it's tough and guy it's your guys first
Christmas without them and this sucks
you guys have to deal with life without
somebody when they shouldn't be gone in
the first place and then there's no
justice for it
and that sucks so you know that's all I
can say is it sucks and until people I
don't know I was gonna say until we
speak up nothing can be fixed but you
know people are speaking up all around
the world about this and it seems like
nobody gives a fuck
nobody gives a fuck we're just people
living on earth and people over us don't
give a fuck we're ants they're better
than us and that's it that's how they
see it and that sucks
so sorry that there was no justice I'm
sorry that you know our government
failed you no justice so thanks for
watching you guys didn't do much today
didn't really feel like doing much today
it's been a depressing day but you guys
got to see grandpa eating his little dog
bones he got boned so thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite and that's it and you will get
yours one day you may not get it here
but I get again you die
the kelie gonna burn your ass your ass
go smoke you bastard
