just check out the quality in this
camera looking at a a sunray going
through dad's kitchen it's cool I'm
going to summary you see I'm your son
ray your dad ready I had to call you
ready to make that joke work Charles Lee
ray although that Chucky what's going on
you guys
q behind the camera here and if you
can't tell I'm using the other camera
today because stupid Michael
I lost the battery charger for the other
camera and I only got enough battery
power in there to film Monday mailbag so
I'm using this one for the vlog hey son
yes I understand you you got to stop
saying that
what it's Monday mail bye how would you
Winston be a baguette shoot it on
Saturday what you're making less sense
day by day
collard greens collard greens I'm gonna
eat me sir if you want to help me get
whatever oh you could make up a song I
could have not thought about you better
redeem it
I gotta redeem it yeah you better call
agrees cooking are open five coffees are
gonna make me fart I'll dump in the
toilet all the green collard greens and
you will find it in your heart collard
greens the good for you man it makes
poop do ya you have the worst parts on
college room I need to poop why are you
wearing this that's the question cuz I'm
a general I have an army
what the fuck
Luke I'm your son oh well you might
whatever the fuck he says he says no I
am your father
Lu he doesn't say Luke he says no I am
your father Luke oh boy I have your Bob
she just moved to close up storm Papa
hat we just finished filming Monday
mailbag and shooter Jenning saint
grandpa moonshine yeah so I am going to
poor grandpa glass you ready to drink
some moonshine dad and mother will give
it to you in a little mason jar there
you go that we go drink
all right there you go take a big swig
oh it's just lightweight damn sure you
should use any but slow down man that's
lightweight man goddamn here pour a
little bit of your coffee
guaranteed water down there dafuq what
is this shit that ain't got name John
dad I just wanted you some report
Michonne it's got a kick
this ain't got no kick hell does that
even a pisser
this is really good stuff
ain't none that good let me try it try
it no you don't drink that
no I'll try it for the video oh that's
strong oh my god what the fuck yeah let
me give you a new glass here we clean
out your glass first there look I think
the way you got to do it I was reading
the bottle you got a down the whole
glass then you'll taste it like him in
the bar down it go yeah yeah water what
that any time you saw me pouring it is
no God you John drink it all
I can't why good I can't I ain't got
none I'll come here Bridget what do you
need homes shit come try this Bridget
you know he makes harmful shit you need
to go fast go alone right damn brew cook
I'll see what Bridget things see if you
can taste the alcohol
yes see
oh boy we can all taste it no birds
ain't done shit I was really shy that
was it right there I guess the real jock
of Tennessee let me wash out the cup
we're gonna give that one more glass of
shooters Cheetos moonshine all right we
won't get the real test which is what if
it's rude shy you don't have a plane you
can light a little fire don't do that
should write days uh you better go back
they still mute then came the really
shouldn't selling it they keep you just
get I guess I'm taking Kentucky water
huh poor just tap water from your saying
what I wouldn't give you no mood side
ever okay here you go that's the real
shit there Oh bull just have god damn
water you got doing yes that's real is
that real shine yeah done
no you need to not drink any more of
this shit thank you much alright pop we
are out by Jeff fun today did you enjoy
your shine I enjoyed Sean with George
Moore a little bit no you ain't watch me
you need to be you okay so what do you
think about this week me taking you to
the costume shop what did me were all
like me taking you you got license
what'd you get you know what I mean yes
do you want
yes do you want to go to the cops which
drive because I'm terrified do you want
to go to the costume shop this week yeah
I'm going this week so me you costume
shop yep
you want to be my end cutscene and what
my little end cut scene tonight ain't
cut you want to be the end cut scene
what folks ain't cut okay we are putting
our tree up our new tree this one is
smaller than the last one because who
cares we've spent so much time on the
other one forget it and bridges monkeys
make it fun of it you hate its ending
see minutes feel crap the entire time
about it
wait she's still doing it we're sorry
your tree so much bigger and better than
ours
that's a nice little tree think it's
done yep we'll start decorating it I was
waiting for an insult how many how many
strands lice you think we'll need Cindy
God same thing okay so we got the lights
going blue again I know it is a smaller
tree but I like it I like the smaller
tree what do we need a big tree for I
know don't need no strand it's a little
tree it is I love it I love it in the
spot honey - do you like you look at the
camera now you were you really down with
him the hell hey you guys what y'all
doing y'all can come in after the trees
up I promise little Frosty the Snowman
Horniman happy birthday little spaceship
oh that's pretty me little monsters
incorporated together yeah
right now Bridget's a little worried
that it might be a little too bright
yeah right now you can only look at it
after like a minute then you got to look
away yeah it's like looking at the Sun
it's like looking at the frickin planet
from Avatar
and these smell like pine we have a real
tree okay it does smell like pine yep
a little Christmas Glide all I smell is
pine we must have a real tree you mean
the star
