what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here and first things first I was
not able to prank grandpa because number
one he sold my vlog last night I didn't
think he'd see it you usually never
watched another one sub W last night you
gonna teach me banana hey that was half
you crazy ass well the good news about
Fiona is today we found her a home so
Fiona now has a home so very good I'm
very happy the owner is awesome I was
gonna try our giver to dad but you still
got Hannah boy I'll download my Hannah
oh yeah here's a rare software people
because everyone was thinking you got
rid of Hannah that's what what the fuck
are you wearing overalls today today
overall woo Jun mo the bigger garden so
yeah I saw a comment I posted that
picture of you you're not wearing the
helmet now but somebody said you look
like Bob the Builder Bob a bill burn Bob
the Builder
can we build it where'd he work at he's
a Nickelodeon show the roaches
Nickelodeon builder know who is the show
and nicoletta Bob the Builder buzz build
everything I guess
but the point is you look like I'm
wearing overalls
chant our cuttable clothes I've done
yeah I mean if that's comfortable it was
control well I wanted to see if you
won't go out to dinner where we're going
Mexican how I missed it so I got a room
for cheap if you want I mean if you get
steak you're gonna want you it I got it
all right well don't worry your teeth
there's a Mexican place around the
corner from you called Mach Loretta
we're called back around la carrera la
crema
la la Coretta correct ready locker a
yeah that's it
did you order I don't know what I got
are you you always got that camera yeah
man that's why they call you blood
behind the camera we won't got them on
film
hey old dirty up my fam is clean oh you
vans clean is it yes it is yes it cost I
used up the senior out where'd you go to
cactus yep always for the cactus we're
gonna put a goddamn put a goddamn post
here dumb bitch well here we are
Walker Etta some nice law correct yeah
that's what I said
you were saying wrong I just didn't
Christ law correct tough caretta caretta
no you're not correct their fate was a
pheasant Vegeta's fajitas no that's too
pudgy for Janice that's best vaginas hey
man I got a fancy shoes my socks
yeah I know she were wearing socks but
someone had Cole
oh my dear I'm a bad mother fucking
Eagle man I'm sorry fuck I apologize
walk past her okay so what do you want
heal hurts man okay I apologize that's
what I heard man I got skin off huh
so what do you want to eat food do you
want fajitas
what's the pita as well they'll take all
the chicken we'll just order okay I want
to eat it I like your feet though for
some kind of a meal okay what about a
disorder today okay man do you like
shrimp no not really okay next
so get what about chicken won't chicken
steak with you whatever okay well for
the food let's order that chicken and
steak thank you though hi I'm grandpa
your server tonight
hiccups so I ordered dead chickens steak
fajitas and tacos
and we'll probably get dessert as well
maybe dad can check out any dessert
while you go there today not they oh
thank you very much is that a squaw
capito we do that now we are gonna eat
all oh thank you oh yeah here goes dad's
first try a cheese dip that's cheese
yep she's jelly well this is white queso
cheese
okay this missing
well George will he like it me bad okay
I'm trying to embarrass dad I'm gonna
have them sing happy birthday stops I
would eat when I'm eating a slip-up
that's not your food yet but the news is
they boarded me
that's your toppings for your fajitas
toppings yeah move this would it be
perfect
yeah man hopefully I'll come she got
real food because Rose came quicker I
don't know what to say but she got
through I just get lettuce I got the
same things don't worry we're getting
our food it's like need these yeah here
we go
Jesus yeah dude sizzling hot if ever
summer veal
come to luck curette cuts right Loretta
dr. Rath come desire Edison eat would
you then I'm full man look up take it
home
they loaded these plates huh you don't
get that much places man you get what
they pay hey say so much I'm putting up
my stuff yeah you hear me talking to you
Grampa to Bridget slow down anyway will
you come here again sometime
no come to Loretta
you do picture him go on go get that
picture me you're wearing the wrong
shirt though man yeah we're Carolina
I'll kill off an nice BN go man no bra
no follow me thank y'all happy birthday
dad hi oh did you
okay so them sting and didn't embarrass
you why let's walk up and dance now
after we get into it
they could have sang me another song I'd
have enjoyed it I told them to think T
when I came in there why'd you do that
for dope cuz it's funny but birthday was
months ago
well you got a free piece of flan mom
yeah what'd you think about that phlegm
plum flan flan I don't know it's good
you're sweet
the sweetness of the club but then you
put the syrup across the table is that
you Julia Child
yeah you like that bloody bloody cheese
mousse not make a measure hey that's a
goddamn dress feels so good I could
drink it yeah but she's dead
oh yeah
computo Reisner to get all hard then me
that's good about you know I walked now
please don't walk on my heel this time I
was thinking about doing it she's paying
yeah which boy Bridget she's paying yeah
I ain't so where the hell's you park I
forgot oh right there dumbass that'd be
so rude I can't do you watch oh just
balling my heels the problem is I'm
looking at you and not in filming hey
Dad
well good Dan get outta you Bigfoot it
bitch alright well dad what are you
doing walking with doors as a date I'm
just wanna kiss me at the front door I
was walking you telling you goodnight go
home thank you goodnight thank you
better well just took jump out today
what are you doing I'm gonna be closing
my van oh we've gotta close your doors
no I'm just open it by mistake
well dad had enjoyed dinner with you I
really enjoyed it Mike goodbye I'm going
back I'm coming with you coffee goddamn
you record here with me yeah I'm coming
in you know I think I've had enough done
you want to get out you want to go home
now no I'll stay you got a people coming
what are you gonna feel real bad
