what's going on you guys keep you on the
camera here and it is another miserable
day looks like it's gonna be raining all
day today again so it's Monday wrestling
comes on tonight
grandpa's Monday mailbag videos going to
go up also in a few minutes I'm going to
show you guys some people were asking to
see it the end clip cutscene from last
night where dad was dancing I had him do
that specifically for the cutscene and
I'm gonna show you guys that just a
minute right after this intro it was
pretty funny out of nowhere just now as
I was talking you just started raining
and then as I started talking to stomp
what's the deal weather what do you want
through today okay here goes raining
again
so anyway I'm gonna going to get the
Monday started but first check this out
this was the end cutscene from yesterday
where dad was doing his little jig this
little so check this out this club's
gonna be viewed in this is crazy
Oh what does that dance about
so just like last night we have another
horrible weather
I think let's see that's all not here
filming
oh man
this is insane I hope you can see it
good enough in this video I reduce cream
our screens coming off Bridget
please open now
Oh looks like it finally stopped oh man
all this rain is tearing up my back
porch look at this
it didn't trip all the way off thank God
with this thing you can't see it during
the light this thing is ripping off so I
didn't do much today mostly I slept I
slept a lot today just listening to the
rain because it there's nothing more
comfortable than just sleeping in the
lane so I was sleeping during the rain
so I decided after I woke up that I was
going to clean off some of the files on
my computer and I happen to notice that
there was a file of videos from dad's
video camera he dropped off his video
camera for me that day so I could get
the footage of him cooking off of it all
right Ian svi left ah yeah let me get
him out of there I thought I might maybe
and there's all kinds of videos on there
it was a good ocean you blow so I was
looking at it and one of them I was
being pranked when I was in New York and
I didn't know about it until I was
watching the video so somebody just
showed up to Dad's house uh
when I was in New York he was one of
grandpas young guns uh and he just
showed up to the house and started
cutting grandpa's grass and Grandpa
called me while I was with Kim I think
we were on our way back from the mall
that day and dad tells me oh I
appreciate you getting mcgrath cut and i
didn't have anything to do with it and
the guy was threatening me and whatever
and turns out it was all for a prank so
check this out
this was the lost prank that I didn't
know existed until tonight check this
out
bad boy yeah
I want your guests at night
that night he cut McGrath
Oh everybody
hey wait is it probation officer
engineer
hey guys Jeff come knocking at my door -
Andrew - I know Kanu oh yeah all right
anyway that's Jeff Jeff lives around
here
he's on my grounds neither cuttin so
easy I'm just gonna stop by minute
hey Jeff anyway does it gift get one
cook right yeah cookie cookie - cookie
cookie he cut my grandfather's exam boss
you got their Pig you need your grass
cut phylidia we gonna play a quick prank
on Mike we'll play a prank with me yeah
one up all right what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna call Michael and I'm gonna
turn the matter he's in here to cut my
grass $50 most when you go paint and
just give me hell here all right I
didn't
that we gonna do we go praying Michael
me get him on the phone
ah can you hear me well look yeah Nana
I'll really I appreciate it then the guy
you see here to cut my grass there to
cut it the guy did you sit here to cut
my glasses here well that's what he said
my boys your Kneedler cook I did did you
say my a one you will do when you go get
miss $50 yeah you talk to me a couple
days ago Mike you said a combine cut
grapples yard for 50 bucks
well I'm here and it's already done so
you only invented I love Michael he says
you William $50 a life of a club you
gonna pay that do ya do it all we go
pain are you joking those guys like
earmark were yet now oh well I'll get a
hold of you when you get back but you
gotta pay to admit admit you upset me
now that you promised him I'll pay
forget I'll bear I guess I have kicked
over this
alright he's a big guy Michael Oh
all havitol alright can we go get you go
to Jeff I'll tell you one thing this
guy's yeah he's a professional
look I'm a Xena look up close he got all
this
we got a ride Lomo Jesus drives I like a
chariot
damn plant died
Salwa says prank call against me there
was also other videos on his on his
camera a couple of them are ghost
stories that he told for Halloween
uh the thing is I don't know if it's too
late to air those so if you guys want to
hear his ghost stories that he that he
recorded around Halloween time click
like and I'll put him on his channel
there's also like a three minute video
of him eating an ear of corn
grandpa eats corn and he just that's it
that's the whole video so if you guys
want to see this stuff click like and I
will and I'll you know I'll put it out
but I didn't know if you guys wanted to
see it or not but I did want to put out
him prank calling me because it was
ridiculous I remember telling and I gave
him the money I came home and I gave
that 50 bucks dude he owes me 50 dollars
now it was for nothing he didn't give to
this guy hmm I'm gonna prank called dad
I'll say that
this week I'm prank call and anger
grandpa that's a promise so that's gonna
be it for today you guys uh had a storm
showed you the lost clip that little
sandwich Bridgette lighting the
cigarette yeah she's just smoke I don't
know though she does smoke by the way
just because people gonna take that too
literally
she chose to smoke here's proof so
thanks for watching you guys I promise
you I am making a happy to try to look
at this I know a couple of times I
didn't but I'm gonna make it a habit so
thanks for watching you guys uh Tuesday
tomorrow don't know what we got going on
tomorrow I'll getting ready for
Thanksgiving but thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite that's it
don't do that Facebook is below why do
you always say that it never is okay
it's below how about that her Facebook
is below okay it'll be below the appeal
box information but her Facebook is
below I'm gonna put a bunch of extra
information below just offers it further
down so thanks for watching you guys
hope you liked the prank grand pop hold
on me so thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite hope everybody's
out there having safer weather than we
are
and that's it hey I got your letter and
I read it I said you know I was an
out-of-hospital a lot tuna I'm gonna
call this young man oh my god
thank you so much how you feeling now
