what's going on you guys keep you on a
camera here and I'm sitting here with a
GP it's me as me that's not good you
love me a little dance today that's like
the fourth time you've done I would have
never really yes yeah stand up and do
let's see the full thing whoa gee whiz I
learnt that bow Marie join me how was
you got your Lisbon graphite but anyway
we just finished doing Monday mailbag
how am I sitting okay so I also got a
letter let's hope doesn't hate me I'm
gonna open it now all right okay so I
got a love from Lyon seven from Astoria
New York all that was probably
pronounced wrong probably was knowing
you and I apologize dum da da da da da
dum da da da da da
what is it okay so this is pretty neat
Leon sent me uh when they were when they
filmed the show at orange is the new
black
this was a one of the no parking signs
they uh oh cool I guess for the satyr
whatever and he got me one of them
that's pretty cool
that is who you need to pray mad at me I
love that a lot that is nice thanks
thanks a lot man see he said this I
didn't leave a number I was gonna call
well I do appreciate it I'm gonna put
this up I really do appreciate it
where does orange is black oranges new
bites a Netflix show oh I don't know I
know I'm trying to get you in with the
times is the time of the season
doot-doot-doot are you oh you listenin
him - yeah duh need a man damn that's
back of the day in mmm you said no if it
is he stole it well I know I said I was
going to wait until Christmas to give
this to Grandpa what is it is something
that you got
I figured you can have it now Oh should
I give you something open this with ah
don't help okay I'll give you something
I got my chief in there gonna pop right
out of your mouth here I'll get you
something just look at go down I don't
want to break okay you why you believe a
tape on it I didn't tape it it came like
that oh shit
Cucaracha Cucaracha you can consider
this a gift from all your Union from
venti hello hey that's the gift 100,000
subscribers more than double the size of
a pack of Roman Colosseum and more than
ten times the number of people who set
the human Domino world record we
understand the decision and talent that
it takes to reach 100,000 YouTube
viewers so we want you to know that we
don't take your achievements from
granted you delivered the audience now
we deliver the rewards to commemorate
your milestone of 100,000 YouTube
subscribers please accept with our
congratulate this silver play button oh
my god
hey he is beautiful beautiful mine it is
I never had done this nice you know my
just the youngest egami this of course I
got choked up to because if I think
enough of us to watch my videos to watch
the zoman lose it
de listen to my advice y'all more than
just young as your family and I want to
thank y'all from the bottom bar that
means a lot to me no corners might my
god I had never got anything this nice
look is that grandpa's corner a bit oh
my god is the way you'll freak away you
can do it is what I do this hangs up as
is this you frame and put next to it
okay it's your letter of acknowledgement
and then your silver play button next to
it man
you young as thank you and thank you
YouTube oh my god Mike and both got one
that's just for kid me honey camera oh
my God look at it Michael it's awesome
isn't it
they think enough of us
and remember we got the third one on the
wall in there wow I'm like it's awesome
isn't it if you dive you die do you jet
of course it's amazing it's a big
accomplishment yeah you know you know
you
I saw some comments or like oh who gives
a fuck it's just silver bullet what this
is a huge accomplishment is enough this
means the world to me you know seven
years ago I was a fat old man sick all
the time that that was living a life of
nothing and now I'm getting fit and the
reason I fit in health is because of you
young uns because y'all keep me young
y'all keep me thinking I love it when I
get my hate mail because y'all keep me
going
I wouldn't know what to do
if I didn't have y'all in my life I
wouldn't know what to do if I weren't
able to do my videos and I thank
Michaels so much for the first video and
grandpa ruins Christmas that we put on
break.com and I'm like what the hell are
you doing he's a dad you're crazy and he
made a video and seven years ago
Christmas Day we put a video up and
we've been going ever since and you're
the ones that keep us going
thank y'all so much Mike and I both know
by Bridget and I all three of us thank
you for everything y'all y'all do for us
you give us all three going you give us
all three excited because we Michael and
his kid by the camera when he started
doing us it get that shit and look what
you gone with a bike you come a long
ways done I'm proud of you brother all
of us I'm proud of you
so grandpa just left get the Monday
mailbag video that's gonna go up
tomorrow obviously uh he got his silver
play button you saw that it was really
cool
ah you know though and I had the same
reaction as him when I first saw you
know it cuz it's it's very awesome it's
really cool that you know it's something
to be very proud of for one oh yeah
like I there were some comments somebody
said oh what's the big deal it's just
100,000 subscribers that's a hundred
thousand subscribers
oh yeah that's great that's a really
cool same reaction for me thank you guys
for everything I was gonna wait for dad
for Christmas but I saw some comments
that were right it is his is not mine to
give to him this was from you guys
that's where how I was going to present
it it was a Christmas present from you
guys to him but I decided I wanted to
have it now so grandpa got his got a
silver play button I was trying to film
you you wanna okay so Oh
I'm not sick how about it I'm not either
as alagar that's right no I'm not sick
it's allergies those dogs are flipping
out over there they'll go inside for
years horrible out here the weather is
just terrible right now it's been
pouring all night were you doing girl
so this weather is horrible right now
but anyway that's gonna be it for today
you guys like subscribe for it it's all
about everything all my links are below
I wasn't ready to the full closing yet I
wanted to have a couple Lords
oh so grandpa got his silver play button
today oh thank you guys I thank you guys
and for the rest of the day it's been
pouring rain and horrible boom oh man
it is not that bad right now no it is on
and off like five minutes ago oh yeah
yeah I'm minutes ago it was blue
flashing everywhere lights don't even
work like on the main house
away yo it yeah yeah we had to do a lot
of twisted turns on oh so that was our
Sunday
hope you enjoyed yours uh still watching
wrestling Survivor Series Walking Dead
tonight so that's gonna be a fun day you
guys thanks for watching look for money
bail back tomorrow like subscribe
favorite and that links are below
they're not though yeah I just pick up
like my facebook my Twitter and that's
it okay so lol I can't threaten you and
I can't say I can't say anything bad
about your companies that would you try
to tell me fuck you fuck boo any the
congas I don't give a goddamn to the
goddamn cops go so sorry man could you I
saw you bitch I saw where the goddamn
I'm who yelled a regulator on here bring
your little ass gonna come off it I
don't know ciao
