what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here don't I do this every time
going on you guys you I'm really big on
hand movements you know what's going on
you guys can't behind a camera here we
are under a week away from Thanksgiving
that's coming up next week Thanksgiving
with the family Tina's going to be
coming to it dad's coming we got family
coming without bridges family coming got
grandpa coming grandpa not bringing the
only turkey and I decided that today I'm
gonna prank grandpa how am I gonna prank
anger grandpa you saw my failed snap
Darwin I'm gonna make a thing Boeing is
buying the new trailer park he's living
in grandpa is getting kicked out of his
trailer
because Boeing has seized the property I
didn't upload a vlog yesterday because I
was super busy all day from the time I
woke up to the time I went to bed at 6
o'clock in the morning I was working all
day so yeah then upload a vlog yesterday
but here we are on Saturday still doing
my hand motions oh I'm sorry I've been
looking at this this whole time I've
been looking at the viewfinder let me
flip it there we go now I'm looking at
you guys my apology it's hard man so
here we go enjoy a little Saturday gonna
be trying to look at this viewfinder and
that's a fret not look wise flipped I
can't look I don't look at the flip side
oh man now I'm looking at the flip look
now my eyes are crossing so anyway
that's it for right now you guys uh
let's enjoy our Saturday well
oh yeah had staples right now using my
phone getting this printed off this
one's gonna be on his door this is gonna
be on a post in this front yard mm-hmm
decided oh yeah look let's go find a
post okay so right now I'm going to be
assembling my little Boeing sign oh it's
so cute the goalie steak
and use glue sticks and so long I knew
right how does it work Oh me get up
first fader and ask for directions feel
like I'm doing doing a middle school
project I know right bridge you got the
crayons
oh those Freddie's not coming crowns
bridging at the crowns I don't know if
you could say that I was of crayons you
think I love it oh look crooked huh
that's alright
I don't that'll go on the backside yeah
sorry grandpa
the main do this to you doc yeah
well we just left the Home Depot to get
the sign though not the sign I made the
sign you guys saw that the post which is
this right here Bridget so elegant
eloquently ingeniously thought to stick
it there because we couldn't figure out
how to make it work so this is the post
job big one so uh to to accept if my
eyes are burning now cuz I kept above
eyes are down okay so we are on our way
to grandpa's house right now
gonna put the board on the sign I'm
gonna put it in his yard and let him
know he's being evicted and he only has
three days to vacate the premises
thanks to Boeing well thank you later
yeah I got Rhys table okay
I will staple it afterwards wash your
little hands what are we gonna do
I'm packing man I gotta go
you got three days let's call u-haul
truck you're not helping me remember
what we are not gonna help you I'll help
you get a u-haul truck
I don't overdue by a door to go what we
will put the check out everybody's
putting down this stuff I have no I took
my shit down I got a dog kennel in my
backyard I'll put a tarp over it we have
nowhere to go because of you if it's
true that you caused this whole trailer
park to close dad then I got nothing to
say to you probably know they did like
me but I did they stay threat me with
lawyers and everything else now you say
you're so I mentioned anger grandpa yeah
you know I they did call it they didn't
call lawyers on me they were trying to
have me arrested shit
well they found a better way to do it
but they hurt the whole neighborhood in
the process your guitar - shit never
guess what what's that you got vanilla
one coming well which is what exactly
we'll find out real soon oh my god we
need that we use a good boy Albert what
you want you really you got terrific kid
to school got an award near the house a
terrific kid you know terrific kid
you're a good boy you know your mother
has a fat mouth you did it boy if you
can't tell my boy sounds different cuz I
think I'm getting what Bridget has thank
you I just
turning cold well it's coming to me now
sorry if I can't taste Thanksgiving
dinner I'm gonna be pissed off so on her
way home right now we did the prank
dinner Courtney aftermath because I felt
bad and I was just talking with dad oh
yeah you know I feel so bad - yeah I
just did that face but anyway going on
her way home right now Saturday night I
still gonna edit this video up it is
gonna lights make it home safe it is
Saturday night all there you go
Felix and Ricardo like best friends
every time I see them they're just
chillin together it's crazy
oh wait big girl issues of yours or the
lazy's so this right here is what the
notice of eviction said eviction notice
we've read to inform you that your suite
or housing unit is scheduled for
demolition in the next three days if you
do not vacate in the next three days
pursuant to code number 208 2a we
reserve the right to destroy your
housing unit we do not maintain
responsibility for anyone remaining
inside your property was seized by
Boeing in a sale dated 10 16 14
grandpa's birthday and have chosen only
now to reveal the construction plans to
turn your trailer park into the official
snack room for all North Charleston
Boeing employees therefore your home
will be demolished and any legal
contract you may have had with the state
of South Carolina
will then be considered null and void
please consider stopping by to fill out
an application to work for the official
Bowie snack room once construction has
commenced Boeing building a better
tomorrow today well that's going to be
it for today you guys doing my outro
from here tonight because it's cold uh
so hope you guys like the video I did
feel bad once that started crying
after wondering why I did it it's
because he destroyed my tree so I had to
get some sort of revenge one sided a
prank um and I didn't expect that kind
of reactions oh I did feel bad I
apologized to him and stuff
Thanksgivings coming up just around the
corner this week is today Saturday or
Sunday
it is officially Sunday so this week is
Thanksgiving and I'm starting to get
sick which sucks because when I get cold
it's like bridget is passing off to me I
can't taste anything and this
Thanksgiving and I can hear the comments
now Oh God
you know maybe you shouldn't taste
anything for Thanksgiving and maybe
you're right maybe I shouldn't taste
anything for Thanksgiving but I'd like
to because Thanksgivings awesome so we
got Thanksgiving coming up this week
grandpa's gonna be bringing a turkey not
the only turkey had to let him know I
let him know today it's not gonna be the
only turkey because he seems to think
that it's gonna be but I'm not gonna
fall into that because I have a feeling
I was reading some comments and people
gave me the idea maybe he's actually
trying to over-salt the turkey on
purpose and then that's the only turkey
we got I have a feeling that you guys
are right that's what he's trying to do
not falling into the trap so thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite no Bridget she's outside you
and I worry about her on the outro today
so thanks for watching you guys and
that's it I think about this shit fuck
you boy oh shut up what's happening
right now we're getting evicted yes all
of us cuz of him maybe because of me and
god damn they're doing me yeah cuz you
look
