what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and today is throwback
Thursday so tonight I'm gonna tell a
throwback Thursday story for you guys uh
I got my nerd block in today so I'm
gonna open that in a few minutes
gonna see what we got today for nerd
block I have not gotten my horror block
yet I don't know what's going on they
haven't delivered it to me yet so I'm
gonna figure out what's going on with
that
I want my horror block but uh yesterday
when I was with dad I did talk to him
about mailbag Monday and it's gonna be
coming back this Monday uh for some
reason I didn't include it in the vlog I
don't know why I was editing it up and I
just didn't use the footage but check
this out this is us talking about
mailbag Monday from yesterday's vlog
that I forgot to put in so this Monday
Monday mailbag comes back it's just been
too crazy we will do it this Monday
though Monday mailbag comes back so send
your letters to the address over my face
yes now the letter of our dads face as
he texts and remember when you're
sending us your letters to add your
Skype information to the letters or if
you send any packages for Christmas or
something
put your Skype information on the
package because on Christmas Eve
grandpa's doing Santa calls I've said it
a couple of times but we're going to be
doing the Santa calls what that is is
he's going to wear his Santa costume
we're gonna get on skype and he's going
to be calling people as Santa Claus and
we're also doing the regular Santa calls
as well where he just calls people on
Christmas Eve but that's what's
happening so put your Skype information
on there and grandpa we're gonna we're
making Skype calls so that's it for
right now
we're gonna start our little Thursday
I'll have a throw back story later the
first nerd block okay so here we go just
got my nerd block I don't know why I
always do this like it's like it just
feels good it's my OCD now come on hop
hop okay so here we go and open up our
nerd block see what we got this month
damn it I want more horrible
oh come and figure open doing an L wha
oh that's fuckin repulsive cancel
already this is the horror block so Oh
mother sure side all right I'm gonna
open another box hey Fifi he's next to
you hello Felix
oh so first thing I see is this brown
box that is not labeled what is in the
brown box that's a cup o oh I love it
what is oh that's really cool the
invincible Iron Man that's cool I like
that actually that is safe
yeah that's cool I don't drink coffee
but I do like of this you like hot cocoa
that's sick dude okay I got a little
plush Batman figure have a look at this
oh it's cute that's say that is it's
cute okay this is Wow
I ain't seen these in a while it is a
slap watch so first was that one of the
looks like a ghost so one of those I
forget what game is anyway so here we go
alright that's so cool so
there's another Deadpool shirt I don't
get the reference though why he's doing
this but it's cute and I wear so that's
Jaco I don't know it looks like it may
be a taco so Deadpool taco King shirt
we've got an Iron Man Cup I like that a
lot little plush Batman car decals and a
slap watch so I'm going to try to look
at this tonight I heard your comments
you people you guys were asking me to
look at this to stop looking at the
viewfinder so I'm gonna try it's hard so
I have flipped it
well actually it's fucking yeah as you
can see when I'm looking at it now I see
that so let's give it a shot I heard you
guys it's gonna be offered but I'm gonna
try it
I look so straight with her hmm so yeah
I'm gonna give it a shot let's try ahead
so we got these four collide because he
seems to have allergies with any of the
other trees we give them yeah isn't for
you
we're gonna get climb some trees so his
allergies don't go crazy on them they're
all changing yeah I don't want no
allergies for any of you okay can't open
the bag don't worry Claud you getting
them the Prius Drive oh yes mister
they're coming buddy
we going to Bill you what the hell is
this thing
the freeze-dried tree it's like a clump
of freakin sawdust reel me in real
veggies fella
so you couldn't even catch as like
there's like air
seriously how we're gonna teach him not
to eat the mulch if we're giving a tree
that look like gonna sit there not right
little ones tree
so if you throwback Thursdays ago I told
you guys a story about the time that
grandpa took me and my sister ought to
show nice for the breakfast buffet and
he not getting the meal for free because
he was bitching because it was his
birthday and he didn't get the breakfast
for free and anyway uh the reason I'm
mentioning that is because tonight's
throwback Thursday story has to do with
the same restaurant show days so the
other day I was sitting down with that
and we were talking and we talked about
all the places that we've been banned
from uh uh you know lots of places dad
told me that there was a restaurant here
in North Charleston that he used to go
with his friends after work and they had
all you could eat fried chicken and he
ate so much that they told him he cannot
come back that his meal was on the house
but to not come back to the restaurant
and I asked him did you go back and he
said you know you're way back but he
would eat so there were some restaurants
to dad's been banned from because it
just eats too much and so we were just
talking about other stuff and he told me
about the time that we got banned from
Shoney's and I erased it from my memory
I forgot that it happened but we got
banned from Shoney's showed it was a
West Columbia show knees of it's not a
car dealership in Columbia we got banned
from fucking show knees so we go to show
knees we get the breakfast buffet
typical shit with dad taking all the
bacon or cutting in front of people in
line people who were waiting with their
plates that stupid excuse me I'm just
gonna get right ahead of you he doesn't
care
so our waitress comes up and she says
what would you like to drink dad of
course I take me Guardian three two well
I was feeling adventurous I decided to
get milk I usually don't get milk oh
yeah give him a meal get you one with
him because right yeah I want a bed cup
milk cuz she was gonna read more them
little ones with like the Bears on it
and stuff I want a big cup of milk
and I was getting refill after refill
everytime scooped up fill it up sister
you know I didn't really say that
probably but she's filling it up and I'm
drinking milk by the glass mm-hmm love
milk boy you better drink good you
better you know you can it was a great
morning we had a good breakfast and then
the bill comes
there ain't no free refills on milk and
that's what dad took note too
that's in the rich go poop forty goddamn
God usually for the two of us to eat
breakfast at Shoney's it was about $18
so somehow the Bell
the bill was almost double and he looked
damn god damn milk refills with 350
apiece
dad raises his voice I need a waitress
here and I mean right goddamn now so
just like the last time
dad's bitching I want to go there man
yeah manager comes nothing he could do
the milk refills were that price they
probably want 350 peas they were about
$2 apiece and I had a lot of milk
I drank glass after glass after glass
cuz I didn't know they were they fuckin
cost per drink either but they charged
me per milk refill and I drank a whole
lot of milk however he didn't have to
pay for it he raised his voice so much
and he bangs on the table and he was
screaming that the manager asked us to
leave politely asked us to never come
back and he comped the bill for us that
didn't stop that from berating me in the
car
how the fuck you drink a glass the
goddamn milk in the first fucking place
do you goddamn cow you got spots maybe
seen him spot cuz you goddamn filthy it
got to the point where his insults
didn't even make sense anymore okay yeah
you a spotty motherfucker are you for a
goddamn spots
what are you talking about was that
meaningful spots so that was the time we
got banned from Shoney's uh I forgot
that it happened I drank too much milk
they cost per glass and we got cake fuck
out of there
so that's it for today you guys thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite I
tried to look at this as often as I
could today uh as I showed you guys in
the bathroom I had the viewfinder
flipped
I heard you guys loud and clear
hopefully I'm not looking at anything
else I'm trying it's hard not to want to
see myself I will see what I look like
not really I'm good but it was hard so
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite nothing from Bridget
there's not that she's right there she
just talked and that's it
let me large cup play advisor that's
like a slingshot this is a wall yeah you
you wear for a bra pong
