come on bro the flavor is this mint mint
Michael you're sick you can't even hear
it in your voice I know what you ever do
this fight horse flavor Oh
Michael just take it it's cooling you
can use it okay hold on one two three oh
come on this is the words I hate this
one you're such a pansy the one that I
took before bed last night
now that one had flavor what is this
this is cool of mint or something I'm
very proud of you
number one man you're number one man
it's good the blog started oh you guys
think the rest a lot what
what's going on you guys give me a
camera here rajaiah is here wait making
that face I don't I don't I didn't lose
my voice so it's obviously a different
cold no come on it just affected me
differently don't even do I have
something worse you probably do what's
going on you guys
Kibby on a camera here Brigitte West not
here all right here's another be in the
intro I'm right here guys bridge OS here
right there and today it's Tuesday
enough doing this I don't want to get
that she's gonna get it you're probably
wondering why the title of the vlog is
the cops came here and guys I don't I
know how people get lately you offend
everybody in 2017 right you know this is
what it's like trying to avoid offending
somebody in 2017
yeah it's virtually impossible to not
offend somebody in 2017 in and that's
just the life we got to get used to
everybody's offended the hey but the
cops were absolutely here the cops came
it was the other day it was one of the
funniest things that's happened to us in
a long time bridge was just chilling out
on the front porch like I heard it but
also what the hell was that yeah so
we're just sitting there or Brigette was
just sitting there and a cop pulls up
and this happens
hey what's up you're probably wondering
why a cop is just coming to our house
and checking on us or saying what's up
Bridget you know the reason that they're
doing that you guys ever since we
started going to court which we're not
doing that anymore but ever since that
was happening you know when you do
YouTube people show up to your house oh
they'll knock on your door and sometimes
that gets a little freaky you know when
you're just sitting there and all of a
sudden there's somebody on your front
porch we love meeting you guys has
nothing to do with that but it's just
weird when let's say 10 o'clock at night
you're watching TV and then somebody
just shows up like that gets a little
scary
so it's good to have policemen you know
speed dial I guess you could say so
anyway that's why the police were here
he showed up he said what's up bridge we
thought it was hysterical I was so glad
that she actually filmed it I wanted to
give it to you guys in the vlog we got a
little more stuff to do then we're going
out to lunch I feel like all of our pets
are over there having like a family
meeting
all right you guys what are you talking
about is it about me because everybody
started going their separate ways when I
showed up that was a rat she'll tell me
Bella what's the deal
I was already talking about it me it is
huh huh I feel like Felix is
orchestrating it
yo Bella just came to take the camera
from me when I turned into Felix all
right Felix someone to you we got to
talk about something I wanted to talk
about yesterday's vlog number one
because if you haven't seen it I want
you to I want you to go check it out and
chances are a lot of you haven't seen it
because it went up like at midnight the
one I'm super late and usually if I
upload a vlog at midnight nobody even
knows I uploaded and they're asking me
on Twitter why didn't you upload and I
did it's there guys if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog I answer a ton of
questions that people have for me for
instance
my net worth a lot of people are
wondering how much money do I have and
while usually that's a very personal
subject people don't talk about it I
wanted to address the fact that Google
says that I'm worth like two million
dollars
so guys here's a clip Oh what weight
would be pursue BMX bike skate park or
xbox 1s do you see a BMX bike in a skate
park yeah a skate park Oh what do you
want soon to bring you for Christmas
Xbox one eggs and house of april's and
20 wrestlers whoa back up to the middle
again it has eight doors JC what do you
want for christmas
what cost too much yes of course it does
they cost way too much Johnny thank you
now if you can have me he's kidding
nothing so Jonathan what do you want
from my heart a thousand dollars what do
you know you're not real okay what are
you actually one thousand dollars oh my
gosh I know what's going on what did you
guys Google me no for some reason my
nephew's thought that I was worth two
million dollars I like no you can't have
a house with eight floors for Christmas
no you can't have a skate park yeah
maybe you can't have the Xbox one X I
don't know where they get this stuff
Google tells them that I am there are
YouTube videos that says that I'm worth
millions and guys I'm just not you know
have I been lucky absolutely of course
I've been very lucky I've been very
fortunate to have you guys in my life
and I've been very fortunate to have a
job with Paul Hammond since 2006
maybe 2005 I don't even know anymore
I've been very fortunate in my life and
for that I'm grateful and I'm proud of
everything that I've accomplished with
with dad and with you guys and with Paul
and marketing I've done a lot of stuff
in my life and I've been very fortunate
but I ain't a millionaire guys it takes
a lot to get a million dollars on this
platform but anyway I wanted to address
it if you haven't seen the vlog go check
it out
yeah not worth it not true let's go to
lunch
okay come on no guys stop we were
driving down the street right now and
bridget is freaking out because there's
a cop I don't want to get pulled my goal
why we keep all cuz I'm holding a camera
yeah I mean it looks like you're doing
it be malicious I'm just filming us
driving you're freaking out about please
stop please pick up I don't want to get
arrested hello officer I respect you if
I give it to you on SH I'll stop
okay two's lines sticky things okay
let's go to sticky fingers yeah Anna
yours are so I get a jobs yes
alright officer I'm putting the camera
okay Bridget he can't hear us
please what if he can't what if yes if
and is this car Indian heroes that's
possible alright covering the officer
you've got so we're sitting here at this
red light forever I'm gonna start
freaking out right now
oh god just stop I'm getting out of the
car freaking okay do it get arrested
he's looking at the camera actually stop
it he is it's a gun Oh kid behind a
camera here interrupting your vlog for a
little bit of safety information when it
comes to vlogging in public
number one do you have a selfie stick
like this if you're in the presence of a
police officer do not use it like this
or like this
that's stupid
in fact if you're in the presence of a
law enforcement officer do like I do
every time like seriously like every
time every time we're near a cop I do
this
disconnected I hope this was informative
and most of all safe vlog safe out there
kids
seriously safe vlogging guys playing
this girl oh god she looks so good
oh ha me it should dip it in grant and
did you just fart you're sick what I'm
doing you're sick doing are you guys
just now I was sitting there eating the
food I was having a good time and I'm
farting you're sick no next thing you
know the waitress is coming and I see
her out the corner of my eye and I just
heard she's wreath on the tee and it's
stunk like you wouldn't believe
so I tried to breathe it in I was going
on well no I know what you said what you
should just blew it away no yeah right
into her face smell it I was trying to
breathe in it so I look like a gaping
fish that she's filling or all right
anyway humiliated that's funny how do
you feel how do you think how bad is it
1 to 10 Michael 1111 do you think we
should go to the ER what is he gonna say
I don't know maybe they'll give you
another test maybe they'll go up your
butt again see what's going on Michael
sobs oh my face well I feel sick physic
I'm being stabbed this is worse than
last time
seriously we go to the hospital
Bridgette bigger where they gonna take
blood they don't give me another CT scan
you're gonna give me another ultra some
fingers right up my ass again they're
gonna test my urine didn't
fingers on my ass again because they
want to see if it swelled since the last
time and they ain't gonna fix nothing
you need to calm down and your voice is
going out what if something is really
wrong with you my voice is going on cuz
like what could this be
yeah flu-like symptoms I threw up when
we came home from sickie fingers yeah oh
my gosh it's not the flu do you think
it's a heart attack I don't need this
right now we're Jin I'm sure no it's not
a heart attack are your limbs numb no
okay
see your tongue out you need to leave me
old Tong ah all right
so saw stroke guys he'd be wondering why
there's such a bad mood for the past
couple of weeks this is why yeah he's
been a nightmare guys it's it's not
every guys ever since I went to the
hospital last week I have had severe
pain it feels like I've given birth like
this is bad it feels like here's how do
you know birth feels like I don't I'm
just taking up educated guess this is
what I can imagine a knife end to my
side and just twisting it all day okay
guess what it feels like all right we
should go to the ER no listen I'm tired
of being in a bad mood own vlog okay I'm
tired of it too there's been nothing but
bad crop dad's sick and like I've been
done nothing but depressed about that I
got this maybe it's stress
you think stress can be causing
absolutely stressed as a lot of bad
things to you it's the silent killer my
goal right this
does like ibuprofen hope I don't take
pain medicine ibuprofen I won't take any
pain medicine Michael and whenever I
ever taking pain medicine you know what
diction runs in my family
you're not gonna give it a good
ibuprofen could be stupid oh man you're
so hardcore and you're such a drug
addict
I love ibuprofen it's enough dude I just
don't want to get hooked on pills
gateway drug let's go you know one of
those people are you I thought it was
giving ibuprofen
Michael this stuff is better and you
have a cold there's a high dose of
Tylenol in it right but I like took it
this morning already how many hours do
do you feel addicted to Tylenol why
can't you take it four hours apart know
where you've overfilled this no I didn't
the line is like way lower than this
Mike going outside take it I hate this
can we just do the outro no babe you
need something and that should take away
your pain too oh god Michael it's so
strong I'll be honest I realize I really
yes okay okay stop sue this house Roman
guys let me know in the comment section
what you think is going on I think I
know what I think you're pregnant
you're like gagging and had morning
sickness had morning sickness and I'm
craving weird stuff I think your cervix
is dilating outro well that's gonna be a
pretty day you guys thanks for watching
I need some advice in the comment
section if I should go to the hospital
or like I was kind of thing at home
birth it's probably a food baby you know
you get it real cocky after you finally
take a shower
I feel clean and confident like
guys she took her first shower since
like four days come on since your
birthday
four days guys it's good for my hair
come on let's be honest here I take
showers every day
yeah that's how you so dry and creaky it
is what it is guys get me out of here
thanks for watching I don't know what's
going on the pain it's on my side and in
my backside huh left side
yes what are you doing stop making
things worse guys we're getting out of
here let me know in the comment section
what you think it is I got pain on my
left side it's in my lower back
I can't pee something's going on I don't
know what it is this is not new
information thing yes like everything to
us and that's it if you've got any
sweats I'm taking TV I'm sweating now
yeah
