what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here happy Saturday everybody in
a few minutes I'm gonna go to Grandpa's
house we're going to go grocery shopping
dad told me that oh I owe them I need
one of them goddamn Murray County
Popeyes you give me ain't got a damn one
left so we're going to the grocery store
i'ma get up some more he's getting him
something dude dinner Saturday my set up
he's giving himself something for dinner
on Saturday he gets weird he'll only eat
like the Marie Callender's everything
else to go I don't want that shit he
hates it but he seems like these so
we're gonna get him he'll eat as many of
many as he can get so we're going to get
them so that's today Saturday tonight I
don't think Bridgette and I are doing
anything else we're going to go to the
movies tomorrow night because it is our
anniversary tomorrow marks six years
with Bridgette so tomorrow night we're
going to go to the movies it's a routine
that we do because on our first date we
went to the movies and we went out to
dinner we're probably going to go to the
same theater that we went to uh you up
the first date we went to a movie
theater in Summerville over by dad's
house so we're going to go out there and
we're going to go to IHOP afterwards
because that was the best what we did on
my first day we went to the movies then
we went to IHOP so that's what we're
doing tomorrow night got to go to the
movies celebrate our anniversary and
that's it let's start our Saturday gonna
go to Dad's house it's gonna go to the
grocery store go to come home and do
nothing else so right now I'm with
Grandpa we're on our way to the grocery
store getting you some TV dinner some
Marie Callender's can you eat them I
love Marie Callender
guitar TV generator I mean papa oh you
tie to the Popeyes well that ain't good
we're gonna keep the coddle something
else then
and Popeyes a word now but if you get
entire them you'll stop eating we'll
figure something out
I've eaten a hundred an idea brah I
don't know how many I brought you a
freakin 20 or sumption
so we're on our way the Harris Teeter
right now and I'm we're on our way to
Harris Teeter right now they're good -
oh yeah Harris Teeter is real nice
together shit you're going to make
yourself - yeah now they got a hot bar
they got Pizzo they got sub drinks man
to get three free I never saw that deal
you said that but I went there and I
didn't see it might be I may be ordered
it by to get three that's crazy
I'll be damned there it is why to get
more what would you get out of way well
shit dude that is amazing - yes no get
this for us are they all spoken for at
home
what is this Cocula life
sweetly change sugar and something I
never heard of this ha
the Padre this is gonna give me life
maybe they dock at rate 12 how many more
usual ahead in my life probably it'll
probably take three not add three take
bullshit all this it's frozen food man
this is the kind of something to be
looking at well I don't want business
Paul but I don't want help it
we're about Chinese food our Chinese
shit what about Italian if I eat chopped
Charley's I'm going to his house
what about frozen pizza she get her a
green life and all right is that the
same thing if you want peachy go into
his house huh is that the same thing
with Chinese you get PG going to his
house I'm going with you you know Luigi
no do you no not really
I know it's cuz Mario now a Pizza Hut
well that if were you dad for today oh
yeah probably can't hearing it's a
little noisy but I said
dad was just going crazy on all the free
samples yeah men filled me up so we got
all these rings by to get free free I
never seen I did not I've never ever
ever become better yeah and then dad
went apeshit on the free samples hey I
gave him a good family shot via I wasn't
filming it because they took my phone
out in time because I was still moving
my phone just now and which is also one
of the reason I need to be using that
little camera but it was this old woman
in front of that she just walked in
front of him they go guard it bitch oh
yeah that's exactly what he called her
that fucking pig got my goddamn way so
she got in between dad and his free
samples if he blew on her hit what my
goddamn brain in a bag Oh God
how you doing today Claude doing okay
buddy you look a lot better today but
some people have been asking me in the
comments what's wrong with Clyde one of
the first things is he's in English
bulldog
so those Bulldogs have a predisposition
to just being sick it's because of their
flat noses and it's over years of
breeding them I don't know exactly how
the breeding process works but it's
something they want them to be a certain
way so they breed them over a years to
change them and develop them as a
species as an animal and that creates
health problems cancers and you know
breathing conditions and skin problems
and so Bulldogs are just naturally had
these problems Bella got lucky
look you big girl she out looking she
doesn't think to have any health
problems you are a good one no I love
it's still pretty coarse some people
those are the ugliest dogs I've ever
seen that's not true
these dogs are beautiful ah see each his
own some people think of the rug Li of
course
to me they're so ugly that they're cute
that's why I love Bulldogs so much ever
since this um I watched The Osbournes
back in like you know 2002 2003 and Jack
had a dog named Lola and that's when I
fell in love with Bulldogs so that's why
I got Bella that's why I think Bulldogs
are so freaking gorgeous and it's just
sometimes they do get sick hey Bella oh
you wanna be little in cutscene tonight
huh huh what are you lazy
onee I want to be a little in cutscene
that is bizarre look at me buddy he has
a weird thing
when his eye catches the camera uh he
gets like a red glare so looks like he
has like blood-red eyes that's wild
we're lazy look at you buddy
so president I decided we were going for
a ride
and she made sure she took the highway
one purpose
you like no hands don't fuck around no
joke into this bullshit ah okay I swear
to God I will break up with you before
your anniversary tomorrow
do not joke like that we can you can
joke and the car swerves also fine
18-wheeler because you thought you
wanted to be funny
so we have an asshole behind us going
with his high-beams
unless it's like that story where
somebody snuck into the backseat of the
car and every time the guy would come up
with a knife they would turn on the high
beams yeah but his are just like on you
didn't he probably doesn't even know I'm
going home tonight
look at this look there's like a
spaceship landing behind me right over
here where this hardware store dad sell
peanuts in front of it
he's hardware
right here this is a hardware so grandpa
used to sell peanuts out of he didn't
get permission he would just show up
it's really funny you gotta get
permission he would show up about 9:00
in the morning and leave about two
o'clock when there's I'm gonna call the
police on him he would never get
permission and he would always come back
and then we give a free bag of peanuts
and they would talk shit but then they
would eat the peanuts but yeah dad you
sell peanuts back there well I was not
able to get to hang my youtuber war
today we need to make sure we do it soon
I'm probably not going to get to it
tomorrow cuz it's our anniversary so
Monday what do you think happy 6 years
it's not midnight yet you know thanks
watching you guys that was our Saturday
went shopping with Grandpa went riding
around looking for stuff to do home
watched home alone
some people were told it was too early
to hang up your tree why are you some
bad grandpa tore down well for one that
at the point hey you know it was our
tree number to get into the Christmas
spirit people yeah holiday cheer you
know Mick Foley the professional
wrestler has a room in his house where
he has a Christmas tree up all year
November is not that early and it's not
like we did it November 1st it was like
the 10th so it's not that early it's not
Thanksgiving up you can celebrate both
at the same time that's what this
Christmas carols going right now so
anyway thanks for watching you guys
No
so thanks for watching you guys
that was our Saturday moving on to
Sunday tomorrow's minor Bridget's Briggs
and I I don't know the correct terms I
it's our anniversary tomorrow so I guess
that we're gonna go to the movies we're
going to go to a double feature it's a
science fiction double feature
well Oh post in the comment below if you
get the reference post in the comments
so you know you got this far tell me the
reference to what I just did
so thanks for watching you guys follow
man everything like subscribe favorite
and that's it and fall not everything
literally mountain doula made oh I've
got your main course
what potted me oh come on dude don't do
this I will not drink any of us here you
are no I'm not alright Potter Misha okay
this is the most physically unnerving
thing I've ever seen
