what's going on you guys queue behind a
camera here bridge OS here right pear
and today is Friday
no it's client get better day today as
Clyde get better day this morning we
woke up we woke up and Clyde had a
breakout on his skin look it was hives
or something uh yeah I'll just show you
guys real quick so if you look he's got
these like bumps and lumps on his leg he
has an ear infection so it's over the
bed they said it's allergies it's just
that time of year and Clyde's got skin
problems
Bella's jealous because we're giving
Clyde all the attention he'll be all
well he is on three medications right
now one for his ear ear infection a
steroid and antibiotic a strong one in
he benadryl which we have to go yet so
if you didn't notice notice anything
missing
so this morning dad came over and he was
really angry yeah he's coming to
Thanksgiving
grandpa came over this morning and he
was angry because we said that bridges
mom's boyfriend is going to be making
the turkey as well and he flipped out
and he took the tree with him this is
after the mess has been cleaned up but
the tree is gone we no longer have a
Christmas tree you know what I'm gonna
take it back and exchange it I'm gonna
say it was broke the tree
so here is our trade oh here's a broken
piece from it so this is the free bullsh
we tried to put it back up afterwards I
didn't record it didn't work out for us
so well what was once a Christmas tree
is now in pieces in the garage so I'm
gonna speak my mind to you who the fuck
do you think you are this counts dad let
me tell you something man you can't come
in here and you can't take down my
Christmas tree there how's that work I
told him off in your face you should
call him he's coming to Thanksgiving
that's fine so I took a shower because
he got popcorn and I cut my freakin feet
with precip pieces of broken bulb so I
had to take a shower
dad has ruined our tree he's ruined
Christmas so I'm gonna put the video up
on Sunday mainly because I just put up
that Doritos video but Sunday I'll
upload the video but check this out here
is a preview so thanks a lot dad my
Christmas tree is gone I'm very upset
about it he doesn't care thanks Grinch
you remain one mr. Grinch how about we
go to the movies tonight how about I
replace the tree hopefully get a victory
and you put it up
I didn't tear down why my we'll both put
it up that bad well we just think about
the tree being gone
man they loved that tree yeah I know
they did I love that tree me too
Christmas is ruined Bella Santa Claus
incoming oh I just washed my hoodie
about it yeah he did laundry for the
first time I swear to god this was the
first time the first time ever no it's
the first time in six years I just gotta
say that now I washed my hoodie Bridge
was like Jeter Anna washcloth I really
didn't know you knew how I told you
every time I knew
so by hoodie grandpa destroyed during
the pumpkin pie video that's what they
don't know Oh God
no no some stupid shit like that you
told me personally privately that you
like shake it off right out yeah you
videos it's all good all the lyrics are
good okay here we go oh yeah almost six
years here we go
okay nervous I'm not a drinker chug chug
chug chug chug chug chug ready John John
John
chug-chug-chug-chug i want to say some
of this sparkling grapes grape juice for
thanksgiving though um chug chug chug
chug chug
Charlie Chuck how do people gonna be
like I know people boy drank now
realizing that I just told you with
Welch's grape juice sparkling grape
juice I just got a couple of deliveries
that one I would not have won for you
guys so seriously thank you guys so much
just got it today how do you know so
it's off of course and get the letter
congratulating us for a hundred thousand
subscribers and that's because of you
guys I now have two hundred and fifty
thousand subscribers and it's all thanks
to you guys
and of course it's beautiful it is our
next silver play button for kid behind
the camera so here it is this is my kid
behind a camera silver play button and
seriously I want to thank you guys I
would not have this it weren't for you
it's really really amazing and it
doesn't stop there I love it can we hang
it up now I need one well upload videos
now then we also have this one which I'm
not gonna open my friends this is
grandpa silver play button for grandpa's
corner and I'm gonna give dad this for
Christmas so this would be one of
grandpas Christmas presents this year
his silver play button for YouTube
congratulations to dad for over a
hundred thousand and your channel
congratula
- you know it's really cool so thank you
guys for helping us reach a hundred
thousand subscribers thank you guys for
helping me reach a hundred thousand
subscribers thanks for always sharing
the videos and subscribing commenting
and liking and it's amazing so I would
not have this it warm for you guys so
thank you
my silver play button oh so this right
here is where I'm gonna hang the other
silver play button I've got this one I'm
gonna hang the other one here and the
other YouTube letter here so this would
be my little youtube wall what do you
think Bridget I think it's really more
that grandpa I think you smell that
goddamn shit god calm down dad dad why'd
you take our tree down good god damn
quitman okay I think it's starting to
take a turn of schizophrenia cuz I'm
like just sitting or talking alone
hey Dad okay crazy lady what you doing
both I'm just sitting here I'm recording
a vlog boy you guy that came at you god
damn bud so that's gonna be it for today
you guys tomorrow I'm gonna hang my
silver play button here next to being a
grandpa show play button now I don't
know if I said this before but people
would asking why do I have this button
and not grandpa because one he told me
he wants me to have it and two because I
don't want him to destroy it you know I
am gonna give him the grandpa's corner
one though because I want him to hang it
up you know it's something to be very
proud of it's something that I'm very
proud of you know some people you know
may say oh just a hundred thousand
subscribers just a silver play button it
means a lot more than that to me you
know just the fact that you know growing
up in that trailer park that you guys
saw and now we've been able to you know
it's something even if it's small even
if we're not you know one of the bigger
YouTube channels we're not PewDiePie
if that's not you pronounce his name you
know we're not you know Shane Dawson
we're not
those people but you know we do have you
guys and we had this growing fan base
and we try to connect to you as much as
we can and I know we can't connect to
you all because there's a lot you know
there's comments coming from every form
of social media Facebook Twitter YouTube
I've been trying to comment you guys
more lately in the comments section I've
been talking to you guys a lot more on
Twitter and I'm just really trying to
reach out to show you guys the
appreciation give back to you for giving
to me it you know it's not unappreciated
so thank you guys thanks for the solar
play button thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite everything seriously
thanks for all the support and that's it
