what's going on you guys Kibby out a
camera here yeah jealous ass there I not
tell us no more you will be I know I can
make you jealous again so what happens
here
Oh what happened there did you do
something while sleeping no I don't know
what that is Bridge probably fuck him Oh
anyway what's going on you guys
keep be on a camera here today is good
is it I keep forgetting it Tuesday
Tuesday so happy Tuesday everybody who's
dead twinkle Tuesday
how about Twitter Tuesday
Oh today I'm going to be answering some
Twitter questions so happy Twitter
Tuesday everybody and twinkling tree
Tuesday no twinkling treatise they don't
work I love it actually yeah
twinkling to tree Tuesday okay Twitter
Tuesday my answers with Twitter
questions gonna have some funny animals
let's get this gonna do it again
let's get this Tuesday started let's get
it started
tapes we're not stealing from them no
more
sorry peace fuck it's blurry unblurred
I start filming Bell and she's messing
with everybody
okay
Oh
Belle's meal suite and Felix is sleeping
under the tree okay I know he loves it
all the dolls and compat love it what
you doing Clyde Oh sup guys
nNG felony how many Twitter questions
you need answered hey when is lazy
gonzaque on Twitter what Twitter at the
boss Aaron don't follow that Twitter
account the Boston Terrier amazing made
lazy a Twitter account a few years ago
called the Boston terror where he's
basically a mean-ass dog mom don't take
me for a walk and they don't feed me
shit like that so that was the Twitter
account I gave them marshmallows and one
rollin of the fridge and Clyde was
throwing all he can to give it it's a
marshmallow buddy
and get a form get the marshmallow
get it ride oh it's very sticker okay
I'm gonna try to catch marshmallows
ready yeah Megan brach you catch them
like how would I supposed to ever catch
that oh I really try to catch them okay
yeah yeah I'm telling me but I'm not
joking
I really do where are we not good game
over your turn no not playing oh no your
your hand oh all in well as I said
earlier in the vlog I'm gonna be doing
some Twitter Q&A so let's get this
started let's answer some of your
Twitter questions what I'm tweeting it
right now silver-blue I apologize if I'm
mispronouncing that wants to know what
would you do if one of your best friends
turned out to be in a gay relationship
how would he affect you with the change
it wouldn't affect me at all in any form
would his gay relationship affect me
because my friendship is not based on
you know love or sexuality we're just
friends and what he does with his life
is absolutely his personal preference
and choice and we have no business
telling anybody how they can live if you
want you know if my best friend came to
me and asked me to be the best man at
his gay wedding I would absolutely do it
because you know we're all just people
we deserve to love who we want to love
so to answer the question it wouldn't
affect me in any way it would just be
somebody that he is in love with and I'm
totally okay with that
Brendan asks do you dip it looks like it
lol no I don't dip I just don't brush my
teeth no I don't dip I don't smoke I
don't drink I don't dip
I just eat lots of food and don't brush
my teeth Josh Dobson asked if I gave you
a spoon would you eat my ass
probably not because Ebola is going
around ariana asked do you really like
Taylor Swift's music if so what's your
favorite song and can I get a follow
first I will follow you let's go ahead
and do that first
oh nice picture of Brad Pitt and Edward
Norton follow and if I had to choose a
favorite song and yes I really do like
Taylor Swift that's not bullshit I
really do like her music and if I had to
choose a favorite song I would say the
moment I knew which is the moment she
knew Jake Gyllenhaal wasn't the man of
her dreams because he fucked her over
Keith wants to know has your top 10
films changed at all since you posted
the video last year that's a really good
question and you know I don't ever
really sit down and think about a top 10
list I made the top 10 list of course
but maybe the list might be different if
I made it today but those would be the
same type of movies in the area like
Pulp Fiction will still be number one
and funny people will still be in that
top five but you know if I sat down and
really thought about another top 10 list
some stuff might be different and in
different places but generally I still
pretty much love the same movies I loved
last year that top-10 are still moves
that I absolutely still adore and love
maybe something else would find its way
on the top 10 I don't know you know it
just depends on when I make the list the
mood I'm in but you know the top 5 will
pretty much exactly stay the same
how come Hannah hasn't been in any of
the vlogs lately she was in a vlog a
week ago with the Ebola prank aftermath
I'd you know when I'm over there I don't
always film Hannah because she sleeps or
stays in a room but she was in a vlog a
week ago if you want to check it out is
the ebola prank aftermath the link is
below do you plan on breeding Bella and
Clyde we don't plan on breathing Belle
and Clyde for one reason I'm not gonna
make you no I'm not I don't I'm not
gonna breed our dog just to give its
puppies away or sell them or something I
couldn't do that to Bella it would be
too tragic for her and I can't take care
of like 10 puppies so
I would like to keep all that yeah yeah
well I'm not gonna breed them and sell
them because that's her children and I'm
not gonna do that de Bella so no I'm not
gonna breed them I appreciate the
question is just not something that I
want to put Bella through Thanksgiving
is coming up what are you thankful for
I'm really thankful for you guys for the
fans for the supporters for for all you
guys that watch the videos and like them
and share I'm really really thankful for
all you guys I'm thankful for dad I'm
thankful for Bridget and my family I was
taking I'm taking Bridget out of that
now I'm really thankful for my dad and
my family I'm not thankful for bridge
I'm really thankful for Taylor Swift uh
I'm thankful for you guys I'm thankful
for my family and you know I'm just
thankful for all you guys so I really
appreciate everything you guys do so why
do you have a big phobia of driving my
phobia for driving started when I was a
kid dad and mom and I that was sound
very robotic dad and mom and I dad mom
and I we were out driving around I
believe I was in like the third or
fourth grade I was it was put it this
way I was listening to the Power Rangers
audio tape in the cassette player we
were on our way to dinner and dad and I
and mom we were all talking about we
were gonna get and then we got hit by a
drunk driver just smashed into us and
the guy took off and mom had to get
airlifted to the hospital it was a bad
accident and you know ever since that I
would always have flashes Oh God
the accident and then not long after we
had a friend get hit by a car uh he got
hit by a car and he died in 96
December 96 we watched him get hit by a
car and he died in front of us and
immediately kicked back in I had this
fear of you know cars and what they can
do and
you know from there it just grew and
like Oh God I you know if I Drive I'm
gonna fucking kill something or hit
something I don't know what I'm gonna do
there were a couple of times that I did
try to drive my brother Charles uh he
was like all right get in the car you're
gonna drive my god I don't want to do
this he's just run the neighborhood so I
get into his car and I'm driving and
he's screaming oh god you're gonna kill
somebody by the end of it the car drives
into a ditch and he's fucking pissed god
dammit and Here I am I told you not to
let me drive it was ridiculous and I've
always had this underlining fear my
cousin Chris he let me drive it almost
hit somebody there and from there I'm
like I'm just not driving and I guess
the phobia got much worse and increased
last December when Bridget and I got
into that car accident
we're saying they're driving I look at
the one I've seen this car coming just
fine and I copy prankvsprank again I
apologize uh
we got into a car accident and it
terrified me and yeah so that's why I
don't drive I you know I saw a friend of
ours get hit and killed by a car when I
was a kid I've actually written songs
about that uh we got into the car
accident got to another car accident
I've swerved to miss it's just
terrifying to me and I it's not
something that I can seem to get over
every time I think about like you know I
shake it's just tough obeah and I don't
know how to beat it Bridget s why do you
like Taylor Swift you because she is a
creative songwriter because I really
like her music and because I want to
marry her I mean because she's talented
okay and one more question Joseph wants
to know shave your pubes nah what are
your top five TV comedies Curb Your
Enthusiasm question mark Southpark
question mark top five TV comedies
number one Arrested Development number
2006 I'll Park the office number three
Curb Your Enthusiasm number four South
Park
number five It's Always Sunny in
Philadelphia
but that could change just like the
movie question I could go a Seinfeld
just as easily in one of those the top
two will stay the same
at least number one Arrested Development
is my favorite TV comedy so okay so I
just need you come on dude
I don't remember kind of keeping out of
this footage all I need you to do is
tell me in the driver's side of the car
okay
thumbnail are you know I pretending
you're driving no the video is gonna be
called I'm gonna be talking about the
Twitter question I answer why don't I
Drive so I'm having me in the drawer in
the driver's side for the thumbnail okay
make sure no keys are put in there all
right so can you see yeah all right look
at this it cute okay come on you gotta
Michael would you do what I think you
should turn the car on
why what if I hit something dude if it
sounds rolling in the street you're
gonna fucking jump in I gotta turn it on
Michael turn it on how does it go in you
just stick it in
come on this sounds sexual that's enough
okay you gotta turn it are you gonna hit
one of these or something oh no okay I
don't like this you did come on
you did it okay you got it yeah well
thanks for watching you guys that's all
the time we I don't even laugh it was
funny
so that's Twitter Q&A that's why I don't
drive that is my ass a bunch of
questions you're so cute
come on you make it fun of me so give me
a really cute driver I'm gonna try to
answer some more questions as soon as
possible that's if you guys want to see
it click like if you want to see more
Twitter Q&A also click like if you want
to see an angry grandpa
Twitter Q&A I'll do that with dad we've
done it before so click like and we'll
do an anger grandpa Twitter Q&A and I'll
do more Twitter Q&A
maybe I can maybe can be Twitter or
Tuesday's so I did it maybe every other
Tuesday I don't know we'll see just
depends on how you guys like it but
that's it for today you got a Walmart y
phone on everything down dated warden
what did you start getting the country
accident you trying really Taylor Swift
did you hear that everybody follow me at
F time she's trying to compete with
Taylor I've been doing it for like
there's no competition there's no
competition how about that stay stay hey
Taylor I love it when you smile at me
follow about everything there's that one
fall about everything there's that one
which one do you like more they don't
care they want neither oh click like if
you want her to do neither of those in
the outro so thanks for watching you
guys uh I keep doing this um Han so I'm
just gonna do this like subscribe
favorite don't shake my hand episode of
Walmart no I need a vegetable and that's
it I know that's the last night I'm
gonna do this so and that's it I'd like
it but somebody else that I claimed it
we don't need to do a widow who cares
we'll just close it like subscribe
favorite and subscribe from Bridget no
moment everything don't and that's it
almond everything
