what's going on you guys Cuban I just
farted
yeah somebody called me on my phone
earlier this morning and I'm just
talking so wittily really loud yeah I'll
sit in there I was right out here like
five times or seven times or something
yeah I was just sitting there I was like
uh-huh
so anyway up and they just kept talking
so yeah Michael let me ask you about it
we've got six parts in a row and they
were loud last week and Bridgette looks
to me I didn't tell you this yet but
yesterday I was out on the front porch I
was on the phone again I was just
talking no I was not on the phone I just
got off the phone I was talking on the
phone yes the neighbors know our
neighbor was in the front yard and I'm
just he's sitting on his porch from
seven of my parts we wave to each other
and I look over he goes huh so he oh
yeah I was like oh Sh I just ran inside
so anyway what's going on you guys tree
there keep you out of camera here if you
can't tell it'd be dark out it'd be very
dark out give me kisses boy and also if
you didn't know Taylor Swift put out a
new video today okay I love it first let
me just throw that out there I've
watched a video about 20 times I left a
comment on the video cuz there's a
section in the video where she's
painting her new boyfriend like they
have the perfect relationship and I said
I hope she can learn to paint fat guys
I'll take a golf club to the face and it
pissed Bridget off she didn't like that
I post at the column at all people are
gonna think we have a bad relationship
nobody was jugging but Bridget people
are gonna read the comment and know that
I don't actually have a shot with Taylor
Swift
Taylor Swift call me tweet me at lyric
old rap I'm very interested you never
see her of course she doesn't know
she'll never know we exist
you know that's not what it sounds like
but if I had a shot with Taylor Swift
I'm only fucking with Bridget I don't
have a crush on Taylor Swift I just
really like her music I love her music
that video today is genius and I will
not stop talking about so you admit it
that's Bridget and her natural habitat
barking like a dog
no no that's you trying to yell at me
for Taylor Swift that's where she dies I
told Taylor
so anyway anyway it's Monday starting
late Bella
but we're started so Oh
Taylor Swift call me Oh Anna Taylor
Swift ignore the stuff about farting
that I don't fart
trust me unless you do so it's about 9
o'clock let's get this Monday started I
started I was I have like the Black Eyed
Peas thing let's get it started
it was like it was like a tone-deaf
version of it let's get it started
that was fucking Bridget yeah it was
Bridget they're gonna know if came from
over there back y'all heard that matter
of fact if you didn't hear it let's
throw a clip in check this out
let's get it started now let's hear it
in slow motion no no was here Bridget
fart in slow motion that was he right
you got the tree Bella you love it so
we're all just sitting here admiring
this Turkey yeah I'm started calling
Christmas Claud all right
these happens some people say it was too
early for us to put up a tree like 1000
chance it isn't officially November 10th
yeah okay November 19 some hairs
Christmas isn't going it's like a little
over a month away
glory
so yesterday I told you guys in the
description of the last video that I got
Bridget a new tablet and I didn't show
it I never showed the tablet I said in
the description because I filmed a scene
with it and then I looked and the scene
wasn't filmed and for some reason I
thought it was in the vlog and it was
not and I put it in the description but
I the way Bridges got a new tablet
welcome again hungry top for Felix to
eat I really like the pattern when he's
chewing you feel a crime really yeah
dorable
so I've been listening to Taylor Swift
all day and I not to fuck with bridges
because I like I really like her music
yeah you know whatever I love Taylor
Swift's music and I'm gonna really
listen to this new when she put the
video wow for today your name or blank
space or something so I've been
listening to that all day it's been
annoying Bridgette she she can't make
the connection between liking an artist
and having a crush on a girl because I I
really you know it's like I told her
when I really like you know Eminem's
music I don't have a crush on them in
them do I
okay you know it's the same thing you
know but Sheba can't make the connection
so I'm gonna fuck with her and I'ma make
her think that I'm totally in love with
Taylor Swift and I'm gonna tell her I
got tickets to a concert in like Toronto
Canada or something I'm gonna fuck with
her for a little bit
pick up boys in love with Taylor Swift
all the stuff I'm about to say is that
I'm totally made-up I'm gonna pretend
like I know all the Taylor Swift facts
and none of it's gonna be true I don't
know any of this shit
I'm just you say that shit I don't know
any of it I'm just up fuck with her
anyway because she's totally jealous
right now
it's crazy she got so angry at me hey
that looks sweet right now so anyway uh
just got done listening to Taylor Swift
Oh get that shit I was looking up so did
you know that uh Taylor Swift been
saying it since she was 19 or since she
was for 19 years and her dad's name is
Michael when's your birthday April 15th
2000 no it is and I looked it's the
freakin December so Taylor Swift's
favorite animal is a monkey give me a
kiss
so Taylor Swift won
Bridget please Taylor Swift's favorite
animals the monkey hold on her favorite
band is the Beatles I went a long fuckin
full-stop Tommy Taylor Swift
I don't know it's sort of weird it's
like when I listen to one of her songs
now what I'm talking about Taylor Swift
all lazy wants to hear about Taylor
Swift guys you don't wanna hear what
Taylor Swift
oh come on out stop squeaking that damn
toy bird baby wants to play lookin for
him Oh guess what I haven't told Bridget
this yet guess well we're going to
Syracuse ECAM and playing the snatch
canceled the februar chip to Sarah Keys
because in February Taylor Swift is
playing in Las Vegas and we got tickets
I'm not going just say you know I'm here
you're going to the terrace oh
absolutely yes you are I'm actually no
I'm not take someone else I'll go alone
I don't care go alone be that guy yeah
the guy listening to good music hold the
camera for me okay yeah up back up okay
I'm making my official video so here is
on your celebrity list Taylor Swift to
AJ Lee Nikki Bella
who's on yours okay so here's my
official submission
that'll be funnier than you I'm gonna
say there isn't anybody Jeff Ross
Jeffery is so damn funny I would suck
right now so what I so anyway okay
here's my official submission at the
Taylor Swift fan club I'm committed ah I
just want to be close enough to smell
her hair
um Taylor I'm not I wonder what ladies
doing Bridget when I say I'm making a
video for the Taylor Swift fan club you
film me and I'm not joking about it
Taylor I every day I think about writing
you letters
so anyway in closing this is my official
submission that tell Bridget to fuck off
and quit being so insecure about Taylor
Swift fuckin with you joking not in love
with Taylor Swift I just like her music
there's a big difference there is no
come on sir all the facts that's their
bullshit no reason I know her birthday's
in December because she talks about it
in a song god this is her prize he's
pretty funny too
yeah lose the keys hilarious way funnier
than I am no you're you're way more
funny I'm not insecure you were joking
yes well that's gonna be it for today
you guys not gonna make a very long out
role here because I did talk a lot in
the beginning so thanks for watching
I plan on prank and bridges soon just
just for her insecurities so click like
if you want to see me prank Bridget I
got a good idea so click like if you
want to see it and what a prank are just
because your insecurities I'm not
insecure
you're insecure now I'm not oh yeah so
thanks for watching you guys click like
you through me praying Bridget and I'm
will I'm gonna do it so thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite Taylor
Swift call me and that's it I was gonna
do the thing again but the whole prank
vs. prank stuff ok bye peeps oh wait
what Bridget told me she did watch one
of the voice an entire vlog all the way
through and he does do it he does do it
I'm sure a lot of people do it is calm
in your covering the lens up I know
you're not copying it sorry if I did I
won't do it anymore
