what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here and today we're putting up
our Christmas tree
Bridgette and her mom just went to pick
off the tree and her mom's now saying
she's leaving she does want to help us
put up the tree
it's a whole big fuck us oh the pumpkins
are gone yeah
when did that happen I did this today it
looks better when it's dark so I'll just
show them at night well yeah little
trees up cool well and a little bit
we're gonna put up our Christmas tree
dad's on his way over
I'm gonna show him to treat see what he
thinks about it I'm gonna have us a good
little what day is it today Sunday good
little Sunday Sunday Funday
no yeah
snowman Sunday snowman Sunday getting to
the Christmas spirit Sunday I'm Cupid Oh
Christmasy I'm Thanksgiving out there
Thanksgiving we're putting out today
buddy
you're kidding right
look oh my god we don't exactly fit I'm
Clyde Oh God
what do you think about the tree dad
we're putting it up today I think I'm
going on you just got here
I think I'm going on because you don't
want to be here we put up the tree house
you going home I'm going on huh are you
mad bro you mad bro so you did a very
pretty stupid together they want to see
you you know do bring your door that
door Chloe dead body America Mike please
I give up it's cold out little buddy
needs to warm up I give up I give you no
son of mine do why because we're putting
up a tree early no son of mine you could
have bought one with the lights already
on it
hello man are you high I gotta go
stay stay stay I've been loving you for
quite some time time time he's making
pie oh yeah I'm making sweet potato pie
you better not make salty potato pies oh
no why they're wrong
you think I think so too you think turn
that thing off okay go we did he met
this little camera you can't see
yourself that's the weird I don't like
it like once we turn around you to
yourself when you are you really leaving
you literally got here two minutes ago
I'm literally walking out the door have
fun with your tree gonna be a picture
I'll come too okey I'll come back and
see you curry again what does that say
he's getting is that a threat
promise Boozman Bridget
why are you leaving you just got here
should I help with this chair I'm gonna
camera though here I hate this camera
why I just looked a little more I'm with
grandpa on this one I like to see myself
I'm trying both cameras quality if the
quality is outstandingly better oh you
know just documenting our life however
if you did see the vlog yesterday the
quality was great and that was who have
to get a proper render sir
Bridget has been making fun of me
because look please on top you all this
I'm a Taylor Swift fan oh no Taylor
Swift syndrome dude I've been feeling a
little bit lightheaded when I hear your
shit okay I don't like the way this is
long though we'll deal with it later
well well I've been listening to Taylor
Swift lately I always told bridge I like
the music but more so lately I've been
listening to it she's a good songwriter
and I like her
I've admitted it in public I'm feeling
out lightheadedness
I need Swift Amin
thanks to me we have a nice little tree
you have his work no no sir from the top
this is the dog no yes yeah no yeah no
problem so we got this little bulb we're
gonna start putting bulbs on the tree
and I got a pizza wall there's a little
burger bulb and there's a little slice
of pizza boy yeah and pickles all right
here's the tree Merry Christmas
hey Bridget yeah plug it in oh let me
trough his lines all right
I sent me a tree topper so we still need
the tree topper so there is the tree
we're stockings one stocking oh and
another
look every Bridget Kim uploaded this
video of Lily crying because she wants
to watch Ellen you're upset because you
want to watch Ellen oh hey Bailey you
like the tree I don't know why are you
acting out girl huh you excited for
Christmas I don't know you're freaking
out I was telling me are you excited or
no huh no huh
whoa about tag team the tree
okay
Oh a little Christmas Matt huh well
that's gonna be it for today you guys we
put up our tree dad was over and then he
left because we were putting up our tree
as you can tell for the vlog I was using
the other camera and you'll notice
there's audio problems with the camera
and you know I'm just trying to learn
the camera when it comes to you know
audio the other camera I prefer when it
comes to you know visual and quality
this thing is good it's got a lot of
good quality it's kind of amazing
actually I love it
however I have been learning if you saw
yesterday's vlog that I can up the
quality to the other camera which I have
it lower before I'm still learning about
render settings and frame rates and
anyway all that aside there would be
some audio problems already heard there
were a couple of audio problems in this
vlog but other than that it's all about
the quality and I know there's focusing
issues I'm just testing the camera so
and I'm gonna go back to the other
camera tomorrow and the next day but I
just wanted to use it again for today
for today's vlog Kim let that girl watch
Ellen let Lily watch Ellen if she wants
to watch it what are you thinking
Thunder dad if you want to see the video
with my niece crying because she wants
watch Ellen the link is below
she's keep it anyway thanks for watching
you guys that's today's vlog put up a
Christmas tree grandpa had it with us
and he left you stink
what do I is because my arm is raised
and you're smelling out of my armpit Oh
vlogging ain't from people who don't
shower I love you right I don't love you
in this problem yeah I do like subscribe
and um that's it
that's it I was about to I was about to
do that but if somebody said I'm copying
boyfriend vs. girlfriend when I do that
I guess they do that or something they
do I don't know I don't know somebody I
did this on the last vlog and somebody
said you're copying boyfriend vs. girl
I never watched until the end I just
watch the challenges sometimes so if I
don't know if that's a copy I apologize
I assume other people do that but anyway
thanks for watching you guys actually
what's up dope fresh nation pickle boy
nation anyway thanks for watching you
guys thanks for watching dope fresh
nation okay I'm just kidding thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite that's it dope fresh nation
stop laughing so I can move my peeps
peeps
