what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here and I'm sitting in dad's
house and if you can't tell he's
destroyed it I did not you did
oh come on crew come on dude heat so
let's have a look at all this all this
because you fucked up on your pawns
you fucked up on the buzz you cooked
them you ate him yes and they were nasty
or not you know they were nasty but when
it stood three hours ago to get nasty oh
come on that is not true is that is that
what you're hanging your hat on yeah it
was salty
it's my live I'm sticking to it so least
you know is a lie I don't how you gonna
fix your drawers dude painted your pic
so oh god we'll slip I'll give your
money look at this
and what the hell is in this trashcan
let me tell you some of your gonna come
over to Thanksgiving those can't be the
pies you bring I'll bring a bowl jerky
that I'll bring the turkey did you okay
bring it it's fine but you better cook
it right so nobody else bring a turkey
I'm bringing the only turkey you have a
historical problem with salting food you
always add the turkey you know what else
bring one okay I didn't plan on bring
the turkey don't know what the fuck you
know my house Nicole why I got training
to do see if I made those pies do you
want to taste it like that no there have
been like shit never been way better can
I cook better
I got your way better JAGMAN i cook
better than you you don't do shit do
yelling a drawer filled with Chinese
sauce that's a good question ain't it
I'm gonna save it all and there's a lot
in there
soy sauces duck sauce spicy mustard
Arby's horseradish sauce glue
you got fruit is that's not the glue
Eagle fixer drawers with this by Carver
group
Jesus dad why did you do that
why'd you fucking my pies they were good
okay you don't believe I messed with
your pies do you yeah do you fully
believe that I messed with your I think
you came here allowed us to be invested
my pots they seemed a little raw to you
made them today yeah if I took a nap
hey you believe this don't you I do
believe this I'm a conspiracy theorist
so you think I came in here and mess
with your pods added salt yep and blames
me how would I have added the salt into
pie mixture you could Christ it pulled
him up it didn't put back there see what
I could have done is you I her I was
outside watching you in the windows saw
you down for a nap so now your fever
Doug listen to me this is what I could
have done I saw you take a nap
I come inside I remix all the pie
together and more salt Andrey baking on
broil for 10 minutes you son of a bitch
you get do it I didn't do it that's why
that's why they come out salty you
you see dB so did you cook your said you
film yourself making the pies yes I did
so if I Bridget here we're status
Bhaskar where is your camera I have no
idea let's find dad's camera and I'm
gonna watch and make the damn pies and
I'll see when he asks for salt okay I
just watch you blisters you dropped an
entire salt shaker salt in it I did not
I just watched it on your video can I
get it Bridget he dumped an entire salt
shaker inside the thing
what why like it
so hey you don't fix this proud of
yourself here yeah I'm always proud of
myself now what are you party so for if
we're fucking the house up and fucking
up the pies who cares
I did it can you go home now I'll go
home I'm ready to go home actually it's
gonna get deep dad I'll praise you bring
with you
come on y'all this is the place we sleep
on my trailer it's called now Alban you
mother they've had the now open side of
like three
all again Carly can't good good girls
are tonight you were pure right right
now the big angry machine grandpa I
guess it'll you treated my pasta night
you were gonna McDonald's do you owe me
supper you have me like this man I'm
shaking so goddamn bad how can you go
see that date is over yeah I was good
though
oh my goddamn food it definitely was you
good uh ball and Gardens and get all all
you're gonna eat be still pasta boiling
garden yeah meet Olive Garden was it you
said boiling garden I met I bet yeah
Olive Garden yes okay yeah that's never
ending pasta bowl yeah
only good la pasta what's going on here
this is the fair well we are back at
dad's house I did you what are you going
on I'm gonna come and talk to you for
fuck you middle hole valve hired I took
you out to dinner and you gonna repay me
by telling me to just go home yeah it
was dad I saw him do it
a new particle Boogaloo he farted in
hell bit right
no I what the hormones are sticker
winner well I'm leaving you I small
Ostrow number one son so very soon we're
gonna go to Wendy's yes or try that yeah
the wind ease a barbecue pulled pork
sandwich you'll give my honest reaction
oh we learned about that with Taco Bell
oh yeah I'm angry grandpa guy with
Chinese rice on it well he was fun pop
it was a good dinner doop I appreciate
it well thanks for having us
I mean I remember I will make the pies
for me gonna make them right please I'll
try I'll catch that video you added the
song okay Michael you added way too much
snow I didn't but if you said it I did
you know you did you goddamn you get out
of here okay dad give me hugs
goodbye salty ASP I love you get out of
there
