what's going on you guys kid beyond the
camera here haircut here follow-through
I did my shaving through anger grandpa
and in a few minutes we're going to go
to Dad's house want to drop off some old
food so here's the beginning of our day
get my hat on get my glasses did cover
up that bald head and let's begin our
Tuesday so I'm sitting here with dad
with Grandpa just got back from the
store
I got him some stuff cuz dad doesn't
enemy dad the husband dad doesn't eat
enough he loses too much weight he's got
to gain some weight so I got him some
food how you doing back already Jonathan
yes dad let it slip to me that the only
thing he likes to eat
are these Marie Callender Popeye they're
delicious
I do it three a day you know almost
we're doing a commercial for them yeah
the only big daddy it's a Marie
Callender chicken pot pies do delicious
well they are I get them because baby
bacon haha dad Greco starts his day with
Oscar Meyer bacon with naturally don't
start your day without off buyer
naturally hardwood smoked bacon from
Oscar Meyer and then we got it oh shit
Nanette remember the final put ended up
bread comes from the bakery that's
Walmart oh well and of course dad told
me one of the grand so I got by Iran
that might get me two grand I'm rich I
got your grand
ah I got a grid I got a grid I got a
grand in each in hand
all of these songs like that you're
gonna give it to you ah love it well oh
god yeah baby yeah you like blueberry I
know you like your breakfast there you
go
what the hell well what the chocolate
chip pancakes all right jump it
why are you gonna eat them anyway I like
blue bit blueberry I got a do oh god my
through all my blueberry pancake hill so
dad likes to eat only loving mom be
buddies with God and love you so much
that's uh oh my god don't you do so much
me
you smell all the smell your fresh
berries gee I love it
oh shit lemon Devon what I goddamn
letting down eight a to 16 imagine eight
more
well what a nigga's doing 17 18 can't do
this way 21 8 8 is 16 so do 10 more is
26 2024 huh it's 22 inches 24 60
Thursday 1890 22 1 to 2 2 to 3 for 24
I'll know that knew that is our sad just
because it's 8 you can say 10 and the
Tishri away from that so say a name is
16 plus 10 is 26 take away 2 from 2001 I
do deal with a Jew 8 1 8
I lost count
yeah one why are you starting on one you
already know you got sixteen Oh
so start at 16 oh come on yeah I really
don't know the answer we're leaving now
and I'm going to eat now that you're
leaving what you're gonna eat
you guys Marie Callender what about some
of you I wanna make sure you eat some
Marie Callender's and some cake I'll eat
a piece of cake lemon eat a burrito
sheathe another nuts no whoa good lord
no of the banana nut butter on it today
was Election Day in South Carolina and
they let second-degree Haley again how
do you feel about that they should do it
the horror short of the door but they
didn't sorry saying they made a big
mistake they did a big mistake you know
here's my biggest problem nikki Haley
first is the whole fact that she made
them comment that when Boeing came to
South Carolina not a single family was
her right but we were exactly did we not
do we not count as people no we're not
people were white trash we live in a
trailer park so we don't count with
nikki Haley - heard that WTM a radio
station we're nothing but trailer trash
we don't count that sucks
who's WT ma that they got that bitching
Otero's tear us something and her just
dis heard news made all they do is talk
about are the ones that make fun of
people who need to likes food stamps ins
yeah they found people to use food
stamps alright they didn't they do one
thing they were talking about like
hurricane victims or something or
there's no telling me they do so much
but they take that unless you know
unless you agree with them you're
nothing interested and they talk about
people living through trailer park trash
uh uh there's some good people that live
in these rewrite that's sad
so you know know we'll get there's one
day so Nikki Haley's back in office with
a Lindsey Graham heal it he's making it
back they're all making it back all the
income is repaired with that damn
nikki Haley oh I am well Graham I hate
Graham you call him Obama but he goes
either way
Hey well well here it goes I'm eat I'm
gonna leave you to eat
we had a shitty day with Nikki hailey
back in office I know but have another
shitty day with WT you may being able to
make radio shows you're right
characters ovations is that her name
yeah bimbo bitch Michelle Charlotte
North Carolina she knows I don't like
her just get all your I want to eat now
got go put your ticket home
bah Oh leave I'm leaving I just want to
fill me go in bye good bye I love you
okay I also love Amenas love you too
ever heard what that's the meanest love
you two have ever heard I am leaving
grandpa's house right now
then I'm cold and I'm tired I'm not cold
and I can't see because light well
leaving grandpa's house today was
election day I hope everybody got their
votes cast and and I hope whoever you
wanted to win wins we're stuck with
Nikki hailey
so anyway happy well it's not the end of
the video yeah it was almost like a
closing there I need to fix these
eyebrows I'm gonna do that when I get
home but for now leaving grandpa's house
got on some food going home and it's
dark out well we're home you want to get
home I'm greeted with shit Bridget
bought from Yankee Candle well that's
the trash bag where are the candles and
in the closet what I put a couple here
oh these are them good they're the hair
clippers we'll need those Tommy go ahead
fix up this little eyebrow miss Howe
what what
would you say using my wife it's the
perfect okay dude
hey Belle look she can't recognize me
without my unibrow oh hey girl oh hello
old friend
oh we should on hungry me an old friend
got a meeting tomorrow Wednesday
weigh-in tomorrow the scale well thanks
for watching you guys that's gonna be it
for today when grandpa's house got him
food that was cool
he enjoyed it I'm glad that I'm able to
give him something that he eats because
he hardly eats anything so now he was
saying you owe me like a can of soup a
day he only has the Marie Callender's he
will eat them coffee you so anyway
thanks for watching you guys tomorrow is
weigh in Wednesday I'm going to weigh
myself on camera no matter what I've
been trying man so I better see results
so tomorrow Wednesday weigh in Bridget's
just in there drinking coffee you got a
hashtag hashtag science infection what
do you have one think so
stay away from I'm starting to get one
you that weren't uric are those
contagious how just sneeze not really so
anyway thanks for watching you guys had
a fun day with dad had a very unfund a
with nikki Haley being reelected and
Lindsey Graham what is this shit yeah
Wow
so thanks watching you guys shaking my
head like subscribe the other Carolina
favorite North thanks for watching you
guys
like subscribe favorite and that's it no
following on everything nope follow me
on everything human block at lyrical
wrap on histogram and Twitter and
YouTube
no blog to boy no follow me on little
follow me on twitter my link is below
tweet me mine too
my link is not below though that's the
thing but that's the thing it is there
though click read more click read more
and you won't say it no it's gonna be
there I know I'm gonna watch it there no
you're not I am
hovering it means no stop you know I'm
going stop doing it
talk button plane
