Jonathan what do you want from Kirk a
hard $1,000 what do you know you're at
me realize okay what are you actually
won $10,000
oh my gosh I know what's going on what
did you guys Google me
what's going on you guys kid without a
voice here visualize here right there
and today it's Tuesday guys today is
Tuesday and before we do anything else I
want to start off by saying that I know
that this vlog is a little short the
reason that the vlog is short is because
we're starting it super super late and
it's uploading super super late but
we've just been sort of chilling at
grandpa's house all day talking to them
and like pretty much it that's pretty
much all we've been doing so haven't had
really time to vlog anything yeah that's
pretty much the gist of it so guys
today's Tuesday today we're hanging out
with grandpas and I'm not sure what this
ball was peeling is this yes oh it's
Jamie it's Stevie yeah she went to go
get dad something to eat what
is he leaving oh my god anything does
the look on my face easily Pinot who was
though I got an idea what why we asked
the boys were them for Christmas we got
we got to get on that guy
Merry Christmas let's get the day
started Jacob Jacob what wait with her
soup BMX bike skate park or Xbox 1s you
see a BMX bike in a skate park yeah a
skate park a real skate park lay okay
he'll get the Xbox one eggs where would
it go in the backyard
that's like um so the Xbox escape you're
not getting a real skate park I mean I
don't even know what to do with that
or holiday would go about it any well
you can tell Santa and if he brings it
well then he loves you a lot
I don't know them to be I love Jimmy
Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy hello Jenny hey talk
to you ready hey Jimmy
nobody exists right you can't all that
I'm like yeah I'm like we live in a
society where kids can't stop playing
their video games long enough to answer
your questions right listen checkup do
jack up what is going on shit about he's
back to claim the game Jimmy Jimmy if
Jamie you know again
hey they're calling you again oh man
what do you want sin to bring you to
Christmas xbox one eggs and house with
April's and 20 wrestlers whoa back up to
the middle again it has eight doors what
they don't make houses with eight floors
will be Bryce Kim's house rice come
doesn't live in a house with eight four
yeah he does that's a song he's talking
about a song to listen viola which is
like me and rides live in a house what
they gave floors that but the house do
those exist
I don't know okay get your mansion
that's perfect ah Xbox one X you're so
simple I'm like oh you don't worry Jimmy
nothing nice have fun for your game it's
over I have a feeling that these kids
have been googling my net worth and they
seem to think that I can afford lots of
things that I cannot guys I am NOT worth
what Google says okay I promise you I'm
not worth that much money
kids you gotta like lower your
expectations when I stay with you want
for christmas don't say a mansion with
eight floors I've been asking all your
brothers and everybody what they want
for Christmas and first of all I'm
actually a little fed up with it yeah me
too actually me too much but JC what do
you want for christmas what doesn't that
cost too much yes of course it does
they cost way too much Arnie thank you
now if you can have me he's kidding
nothing so Jonathan what do you want
from curtain $100,000 what you know
you're not me realize okay what are you
actually $1,000 oh my gosh I know what's
going on
what
did you guys Google me no yeah that was
burly uh-oh really convenient
yeah it was really convincing guys look
at me in the eyes okay
did you google me No Oh dad you know I'm
not worth that right what'd it say yeah
I was where's that did you tell your
brothers yes
well yeah that really explains the house
with like eight floors and skatepark
first of all you guys know two million
dollars if I did have it which I don't
two million dollars can afford house
with eight fours or a freakin movie
theater movie it was like $75,000 or a
skate park god you have like little
balls now well we're not Logan Park do
you have ten million dollars to buy a
Logan Paul's house I don't that's six
times more than Google so I'm worth you
can't think that I worked that much
money okay socialblade get tired of it
okay
you're ruining my relationship because
people think I'm a millionaire okay I've
got people I never heard of right and
like hey can you send anybody I don't
have any money all my money got sucked
into a house in taxes mostly taxes those
numbers you see on the internet it's
like yeah whoa he made a new you dollars
like guess what forty five percent went
to the government
whoo there you go that's already a half
a million dollars
then you got other expenses and I didn't
make a million yes god it's not talking
no no don't even hear this I am NOT
worth the money that you think that I'm
worth I'm sorry and why are you dressed
like a tennis ball think oh you Johnny
Joe are this we're home you guys gonna
be getting out of here in just a second
uh before I do I wanted to take him in
and just talk about two things one dad
to everything we talked about on the
vlog so first I wanted to talk about dad
so
you know yesterday's vlog I told
everybody was that noise her thought I
heard something I told everybody and
yesterday's vlog if you're one of the
monsters that thinks that I should show
grandpa on camera while he's so sick
while he's scratching for life right now
if you're one of those people that says
show him on camera I want you guys to
unsubscribe and the videos still got
over a thousand dislikes and we gain
subscribers and so I want to reiterate
it I'm not kidding
if you think that I should show grandpa
on camera I want you to unsubscribe
because I won't do it and if that's what
you're here for
for some sick like I don't know just
morbid curiosity if that's what you're
here for so you can see grandpa does
worst then you should unsubscribe
because I'm not showing it some see what
some people were like oh I don't even
think he's at the house what I don't
even understand the point what so are
you saying he died in the hospital is
that what you're trying look I'm not
going to prove to you my father's at the
house he's at the house we got a
hospital bed in his room now
and tomorrow he said he wants to start
getting up to try to walk and when he
starts to build up that strength and he
seems like he's back to his old self
I'll absolutely show him but until then
I can't do it and I won't do it today
was a really good day I had a great
conversation with them I love talking to
dad you know it's fantastic you know I
loved every day that I get to have with
him and if it's the last day then I want
to try to make a count and I don't want
to shove a camera in his face I can't do
it but I promise you guys I'm gonna try
to get him back on camera that's the
point I was working towards that and we
reached it and then he started to revert
in health again and that's what happened
but guys seriously I'm not kidding
if that's the sick morbid like reason
you're here you need to unsubscribe
because I'm
I kind of put them on camera and I'm
sorry to see you go but at the same time
I'm not because I don't want any toxic
like stuff like that on my channel
anymore so guys gonna be getting out of
here in a second I realized it's only
like 11 minutes his vlog but we started
really late I do want to talk about
before we go the whole googling myself
number one smack that like button if you
want me to actually Google myself so I
can see what these websites are saying
that I'm worth what pops up when you
google me if you want to see it smack
the like button it's a casual like
common theme that people do on YouTube
so let me know in the comments section
if you actually want me to do that
number two I am NOT worth the money that
they're saying that I'm worth and I
don't know where they get the numbers
from I think we just take it straight
from social blade but social blade
doesn't count in YouTube's cut and taxes
right so YouTube gets 30 percent of
everything that you make plus there's
taxes so guys I'm not worth that I don't
my own nephew thought that I was guys I
owe a lot of money okay
I'm drowning in debt anyway we're
getting out of here thanks for watching
you guys this gonna be the end of the
vlog I'm not feeling very well I still
have that problem that I went to the
hospital for it's getting worse
get me out of here thanks for watching
you guys for those of you that don't
unsubscribe and don't want me to film my
father I love you guys so much you're
the best none of us could have could
make it without you thanks for watching
like subscribe
you
