what's going on you guys keep me out of
camera here yeah and it is officially
no-shave November
I can't shave it's November
I'm senior smell um
I'm certainly in a funk No Shave
November and this November
and I promised that I would shave so I'm
gonna shave then ashamed for the end of
the vlog for you guys because a promise
is a promise and then I won't shave for
the rest of November which ain't that
hard because I wasn't gonna anyway so
no-shave November Halloween was last
night
today I'm going to go over to Dad's
house so that's coming up and that's
pretty much it
Halloween snake prank Shave November
then No Shave November and that's it so
let's get out this is Saturday oh it's a
good Saturday so let's get our Saturday
started let's go over to Dad's house
it's freezing outside right now the heat
is on in the house it's snowing in
Columbia which if you don't know
Columbia it's that's absurd to here here
we go let's start our Saturday so those
feelings sitting on its back again all
the dogs are walking over a look ahead
you're gonna sit on Felix oh hey you
guys I think side's feeling better
lazy playing with his toys yes hey wait
how will we know more what you dressed
up with so far
I got a kind of a Thanksgiving sweater
hello hey fish
hey have that so the other day I bought
Bridget some flowers and to show me how
much she loved them she left them in the
trunk now as you can see they're dying
what do you we got to say flower I love
mama no care about us very much good
just in the junk now they look a lot
better for now
looks like an asshole people go what's
wrong pig boys asshole look at dying
little things who else is here I can
talk to hey this totally heals that was
like so Jupe it wasn't even funny I'm
doing I'm doing good look at all these
guys who ya the roses are shit there
must be a bowl inside this jar I can't
see your hair anything it's going for me
oh right guys oh I bought you some
Halloween candy big sack Halloween candy
for dead I'm gonna take it out freak out
of fear
what are you doing
you just ten
hold on it's how I can yeah fake take it
oh my god oh yeah face so what can we do
now my specs oh yeah my same thing oh my
god oh my god are you okay yeah anyway
here's the real Halloween candy look at
him now
Oh throw real that will go good user
shit boom
if your toys old oh it's you felt really
proud of yourself imagine so here we're
gonna check out dad's new couch that I
got him
couch end tables lamps rug table even
though dad knows they're fake he's still
scared of them this thing
I'm sure it's all nightmares get up go
you why you won't yeah but come on smack
it did Oh like it was of The Simpsons
right in my hand you do your bed now
Bridget no okay now say you don't clean
your filthy how could you even go to
Billy you probably stink I don't want to
bathe we can tell you're very right I
would have been fine and I don't have to
take a bath if you didn't freaking whoa
was I supposed to be you threatening me
with a little bat meat alcohol yeah he
go okay it's fake
hey it's not real I don't like it anyway
I'll tell you the one that looks real
good
whoa I'm just getting it I'm gonna walk
I'm gonna walk away with it okay kick it
to me then you pick it up think I don't
need this a father's you
this one looks real can't recognize it
that's the snake that I use for the
gaboon viper oh well we got home today
we solved my arcade block was on the
porch and I didn't get horror blog I
haven't gone to yet I don't know what
the deal is
I'll check so here is our Kaede blog for
this month so there's a shirt which we
will press I Donnie wanted to take a
look at it and look like that okay first
thing it is a Mario plush toy oh that's
pretty cool oh yeah I like that Mario
when he flies I want it so there's that
there is a Bowser Mario Kart toy hey
Bowser look thank Felix
alright notes from Hyrule oh this is
from Zelda looks like it's magnet we put
on the fridge we can like write notes
and stuff that's cool
yeah then comes of course with the pen
so we will put on the bridge a little
keychain from portal 2 and this is a
street fighter pixel it's like a
pixelated character I think or something
like that oh my goodness you got a
building I'll be building oh my god
builders pieces holy crap look that
that's a lot of work should be assembled
so last but not least is the shirt whew
my shirt I'm claiming it now looks like
it's on afterlife which I've never
played before
Freeman's Crab Shack
so some sort of reference to afterlife
after I think it's clad for life so
there's the shirt cool never played
afterlife Irv is an aftershock I don't
know half life maybe least half life
okay whatever it is I'm sure people that
calms you stupid asses half life there's
that next gotta cut my hair
oh yeah what'd you give the Clippers of
dad back sucks uh I left the head
clippers over at dad's house so I'm
gonna have to cut my hair tomorrow and
as a penalty click like if you want
grandpa to be the one that cuts my hair
yeah and I don't want that to happen cuz
last time he did he was nicking at me
and like click like if you want grandpa
to be the one to cut my hair
Felix how could we have forgotten look
okay I don't know any other cats that do
this no Felix uh cute oh you're so cute
my knee is really killing me from that
pan on the floor get Brad
get fish oil pills grip hook fish oils
that's all diamonds are hmm no let's say
Phillip wasn't oh right
this D I am Oh Andy house okay yeah
sorry be epic how's that I'm write
something that's gonna be it for today
you guys I didn't get to shave my beard
or my hair because I left the Clippers
at dads house a month ago but tomorrow
I'm going over there so click like if
you want to see dad shave me my head and
my beard
when I say shave me so that's gonna be
it for today you guys so thanks for
watching like subscribe nothing for
Brigette favor I spoke too soon and
that's it
