what's going on you guys cheer me on a
camera here oh my oh
house on Ebola farmed I had to go up
okay
ah so yesterday ah
how long have you been planning this
goddammit
I was here yesterday and you were saying
oh we got you so good so dad yesterday
came over here before I took Clyde to
the vet and dad was sick he's been sick
all week
apparently turns out of his pranking me
and I think he had Ebola
I do not gonna let that ruin the prank I
was planning I had to get you back for
what just being an asshole when what did
I do
mini freak it dog ice cream it was
yesterday this has been going on for
freakin weeks not cuddling with me at
night gonna be in better do you want it
oh you might get a fool like what you
look as you wash this off I gotta show
them be extent you into he's got blood
on his ass he's got blood going on his
legs come out his eyes his ears to mouth
oh I gotta give it to you hey when you
get a whole lot o sink you get it all
the way I thought I had Ebola I have a
go babe man goodbye I had it yeah man
so oh that was so awesome
oh yes
so oh my god
blood of my face now hey glasses a
little dot you know I love you though
happy vlog number 200 everybody this is
vlog 200 and grandpa makes me think he
has Ebola have you flogged 200 everyone
oh I'm so angry right now you are so
getting pranked and out on me
go ahead go ahead I promise you the
prank you get is gonna be bad
I'm not gonna tell him I don't get down
low I'm putting bread out of faith snake
on your dad
fuck it who cares I'm pissed off at you
I'll think you heard that better not
have heard it so I'm trembling look at
this so you'll be okay
it's not good in anything dad's sick for
day is that's a problem I thought he was
acting strange during the camera London
video he was acting a little little off
fuck that are you by yourself yeah very
proud of myself
you got me I'll give it to you you got
me fun on everything isn't me in the
video good job
he didn't even meet anyone either there
was no fan oh God
there was no fan no I assume it was
filmed so by now I'm realizing a couple
of weeks ago dad asked me if I wanted me
to a fan with him in Africa I said no
and that was for a video I filmed I
filmed that part it's just sitting on my
computer oh where do you get this thing
it's my question well is it real
yes
Oh oh my god oh yeah this thing's not no
joke
oh there's old you guys a fan sent it
wrong you want to feel it so bad here no
wait Michael
oh I don't know
all right I've got a shower get here
what you don't prank people with Ebola
it's not funny
so my god you guys ready good you gonna
get you Wow maybe follow this thing down
I hurt you put down be good huh well
that was in your direction
how about it oh sorry bike should've
worked
we don't need you come on Bridget hello
Hanna did you see grandpa prank me oh
yeah you mean isn't he will you proud of
yourself
yeah man where's that shooter Ginny
shirt yeah my attitude of a buddy well I
realize that you mind gonna washing your
face you got blood all over you yeah
I'll do that I'll be sure to do that
yeah thank you
you know she was on the damn daily show
dealers did you see Jon Stewart
he was yeah he was awesome man cuz
shooters always awesome he's my buddy
in fact we're gonna go spend some time
what do you mean you are you serious yep
tardiness already being talked about
three million of us manager are you
joking
we're gonna go hang out with Shooter
Jennings shoot agendas he's our buddy
Wow Willie Nelson's our buddy
oh boy you'll find out oh I got to
you'll find out Willie Nelson's our
buddy too the hell rollin here trying to
get a shot of the moon you can see it on
here really well it doesn't come up as
good down here
it's trying to be covered by cloud too
freaky moon means tonight's gonna be a
good episode of American Horror Story
this cloud is run lint las' i'ma show
film until covers all the way clouds
like no moon a few weeks ago uh and I'm
learning as I edit my own video that it
was actually around the zombie prank dad
tells me he was going to go meet a fan
and the guy was from you know Africa and
he asked me if I wanted to go and and
once I heard you from Africa I was like
okay I'm not going because that's where
Ebola is I'm not
yawning I'm not gonna go so he totally
he confided me oh yeah I met the fan he
was super nice we ate lunch together and
that was that that was all I heard about
the fan until last week now I was
planning the prank on grandpa where I'm
not gonna see fully because I still may
pull it up I don't know if I'll pull up
anytime soon I got a lesson Leo does
sometimes die down but I was going to do
the video where grandpa's haunted but I
kept being stopped every time I would go
to Planet he'd be sick he was sick all
week see I'm even talking about like he
actually was like he was sick he wasn't
sick he had me convinced that he was
sick all week
yesterday was the worst of it I went
over to see him and he was horribly sick
and oh man it was a prank it was a prank
they made me think that he had Ebola and
I gotta give it to you that's good it
was a good prank so good job you guys
you got me I got got so right now I'm
getting some smoothie stuff together I'm
thinking about making a smoothie with
banana apple honey tail into ice and I'm
not a banana fan but my friend Jim he is
the same guy that sent the eat sleep
angry grandpa a pitcher he tells me to
try it that I've been doing them with
too much sugar so I need to try a
smoothie without all that extra stuff in
it so I'm going to try a smoothie I will
let you know how I liked it also right
here you can see a big crane ready to
see what sucked this right here is the
Halloween candy were handing out oh yes
the trick-or-treaters of our
neighborhood are in for some Halloween
candy
lots of good stuff don't worry I'm
staying out of it it's hard I will say
that it is very hard to stay out of it
but this is the candy we are handing out
for Halloween this year there's so much
oh yes that did God so this is the candy
we're handing out it is a whole bunch it
is really hard to stay out but I am
because I've got to so what'd you think
about American Horror Story best it was
bad it was me I'm really angry about
hashtag cancel series recording it's sad
you don't saying cuz I don't want to say
and I want to spoil anything but they
killed the best character on the show
good and I'm pissed about it it's like
this you know crazy boy I don't say too
much hey don't say anymore
so anyway that's gonna be it for today
you guys let me back in no way you
joking zero there was this much chance
so that's gonna be inferred a you guys
she pranked me good I would I got to
give it to you was that whose idea was
this it was your dad's oh man
I'm more surprising you were able to
keep this from me for however long
you've known about it cuz I'm sitting
here editing this video and I see he
called you about it like two weeks ago
oh I got a prank I got I don't have a
prank I will have him right yeah so yeah
top that maybe not that's good I love I
can anyway that aside check out the
video tomorrow I'm gonna put it up early
grandpa has Ebola the prank be proud of
yourself by the way Jim the banana
smoothie was repulsive I did not I don't
like bananas it was loaded with banana I
did I liked it for people asking I did
weigh myself this morning I was too busy
to rush out to see Dad I was the same
weight as last week so I wasn't
hanukkah's by anyone today is way in
Wednesday so hey whatever it is
Wednesday weigh in I did weigh myself
this morning I was 338 again same as
last week so I didn't feel like filming
it at the time and then dad pranked me
and I got pissed and I ate some of the
candy of halloween bugs I folded so a to
help pieces of the candy but so thanks
for watching you guys
3:38 is to wait for today I bet I got a
lose way next week so Mattel they
pranked me thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe a verb and follow meant
everything to to Oishi pregnant and
that's it
