what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here bridge wes is out there so today is
Tuesday it's Tuesday today is Tuesday
and first things first it's Bella's
birthday happy birthday Bella I'm gonna
try to prank bird tonight
I got Bella some frosty paws ice cream
yeah check this out I got this for Bella
has a little treat for her birthday and
I'm going to get one of these - Bridget
you tell her human ice cream so uh if
you're seeing this in the video that
means I did it
so frosty paws Bridget eats frosty paws
prank also today in just a few minutes
we got to take Clyde to the vet because
he's got those hot spots on his face so
the vet is gonna look at them see what
we need to do to get them fixed up first
we're gonna take all the dogs outside
and have a little time to play with them
going to play with Bella for birthday
gonna play with all the dogs really but
today's Bella's birthday I'm going to
prank Bridget and we're going to the vet
so don't have time to print grandpa
today I was going to go over there and
do the snake prank today but I think I'm
going to do it tomorrow I didn't have
the time to do it because we had to take
Clyde to the vet like this but I am
gonna prank grandpa tomorrow
and that's it I'm working on the other
prank for grandpa still so look for that
on Thursday and let's get this day
started happy to free all day was again
Tuesday how cuz you ready okay you threw
it right I did oh good that was
this is the best part of fall so sitting
here with Clyde oh man there's drool and
Bridget Steve from Clyde Clyde take the
Clyde to the fat right now for us little
hot spots you excited money I just
wanted to get some antibiotics all the
best stuff so they're gonna give us some
antibiotics to give Clyde
finally third-degree burn cream it's
probably gonna like spread like crazy
and get all fried and all that so it'll
do all that so we're gonna have to get
them pills are gonna shave his little
head or little areas come on buddy
we just got done talking to the vet and
he says Clyde doesn't look that bad he's
been getting good
let me get class of antibiotics a couple
of antibiotics ones a new one that
they're using and clouds gonna get all
that clear
each buddy one is to make I'm not a jeep
and then one is to take away infection
but he said otherwise you look good it's
wait good that's a perfect I'm saying
everybody is always removed roll all
over me
but he's perfect you can buddy dad's
okay you didn't have to get shade though
so that's cool Clyde is so good Roger we
go buddies the best one in public I
think
yeah
you ready get in the car all right Clyde
the one of you guys I'm the girl
Skyler's really nice
Oh birthday girls coming out to join me
hey there big girl Danko hide I lit
himself up they are not oh poor a little
lazy all right come on out let's try to
film a moon
right
yeah
so it's getting late Bella's still going
to have her little birthday treat we're
going to do that in a little bit we
going to give her a little birthday
treat and that's pretty much it for
right now just sitting out here with the
beautiful sky listening to the crickets
chirp by the way for the people asking
me to shave I'm not doing it no shave
October / November no your shame
November
it's no-shave November that's that's the
reason I haven't shaved because I want a
big one for November
so no shave October November December
January February March April May
seriously though if you think I should
shave all this off before November
starts click like click like and I will
do it I will shave all of this off if
you guys think I should ah
till then it stays so it's Tuesday night
and right now Bridget and me me and
Bridget Bridget and I are gonna have an
ice cream cook-off she's gonna make a
fudge sundae I'm gonna make a fudge
sundae and whoever makes the best one
has to whoever makes the best one
doesn't have to clean the house for
three weeks you down for the channel
obviously I'm gonna win so you better
start cleaning you down for the
challenge I go first
here we go fudge sundae challenge huh I
don't know check you want nuts the ice
cream is totally solid I gotta melt it a
little
I'm not tasted oh my god oh nice taco
syrup we talking about I don't know I
have a hot pocket in the oven yeah
flavor pizza no it was last one okay so
I made Bridget an ice cream recipe tips
out I used which you haven't had before
praline almonds and sprinkles Oh Bella
you don't want this
praline gentlemen failings will you take
the pralines off come on pralines ain't
that bad
Belle uh you have another praising in
your mouth don't eat the pralines here
you'll hear we'll see my foot syrup
doesn't taste like vanilla it's probably
I think it's like peanut butter you
probably need a lot of fudge on don't
hurt my feelings cly you don't want none
of this right now this is human food
look it's probably the probably cause
light her she taste it already good I
haven't a minute ago yeah but I just
have one okay so what what are you
puking so you're gonna puke yeah
what is wrong with it ah it's not that
bad Oh God
worry about a bowl to finish know that
I'm not even trying yours then I won't
even eat yours
if you don't got chocolates good so I
went out of my way to me come on dude
so I'm what I way to make Bridget and
these dogs are clamoring for this Bell
well you can't have ice cream give it to
her it's a bird it's covered in
chocolate and stuff you can't give her
that so uh Bridget refuses to eat the
ice cream that I made her please eat it
oh girl here I'll give you what you put
in it it's all right here
light Hershey's sprinkles and praline
almonds you think that Oh Oh God
give a seraph bad no serves - go ahead
come I think it's all ders don't eat it
we're just gonna wrestle to the dogs my
god yeah a dog ice creaking I gotta
Bella's birthday party every we all good
now the bridges taking the frosting Paul
challenge it's time for Bell to actually
have hers don't worry you guys we do
have some frosting Paul's for the other
dogs but first we're gonna give some to
Bill happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear Bell
haha keeper day do you Claude you guys
Isabelle's first want to get their bowls
yeah so yes the ice cream challenge was
a ruse I'm getting you back Michael I am
getting you back so good yes the ice
cream challenge it was a ruse there is
no ice cream challenge Bello likes it
good for her
that's gonna be it for today you guys
like subscribe Bridget just had frosty
pause ice cream Oh a little bit water
that's it for today you guys that was
the frosty pause challenge I'm so bad
you won't owe up a night well that's it
for let you guys like subscribe favorite
and have some a Bridget's favourite
frosty Paul no no
