so every year dad sends us to the fair
to get him a caramel apple I don't know
why he can never eat it but he always
wants us to get him a caramel apple
well the fairs on its way to Charleston
and Grandpa's about to get himself a
little surprise it's a caramel apple
oh no it's caramel onion yeah this is
the caramel onion prank okay I'm done
normal Apple rounds sticks we've got a
couple of apples and we got the onions
right bye
bridges walk out of the room so this
whole thing was her idea and little does
she know dad's not the only one being
brightened she may not be having a
caramel onion but she's having a caramel
tomato
so Bridget this is the caramel onion
this is your caramel apple and this is
my caramel apple and I just is just a
next one we have so here here's our
caramel apples here's dad's caramel
onion you can tell us the onion cuz I
giant it is looks like the fucking globe
but Bob no bio tires fuck every super
tired yeah I'm tired
vice buy your treat what you guys would
have way to have a part right in there
is an apple farm we went to it this
morning and I got dad a caramel apple I
look around I know you do so I brought
you one the cattle out hey it's all -
got us all a caramel apple I'll trade
you did big wood no I got you the
biggest one that was the King baffle
they called don't purchase drop her
Apple dropping her apples everywhere
okay I like I was my own good call
laughs
how do you give it a motherfucker
oh man I love that alright bye then - it
ain't y'all got an empty house like a
biting put your teeth in your mouth it
so you can bite into it I don't you show
me what is deep in why god oh my god but
God is neither eating my man ha ha ha
what the hell man how you supposed to
eat this thing
yeah why you supposed to eat it
ah oh well hello that well steam it wall
that didn't work yep
Danielle Danielle hello what's wrong
what's wrong
did you not even look into when you cut
it how did I God am I in what I'm not
alone you get mad what's wrong with you
yes I got a mighty cattle I know I'm
better I need caramel onion oh yeah I
got I ain't got a SUP yeah Jesus I
thought when you cut into it was it I
thought you wouldn't notice that yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah in the air
but you're mad mood rabble I know I'll
go goddamn out see these are the real
apples
that's a terrible Apple right there how
are you now not stop Oh every level
well fine take it Oh real app you do
that we're close small biz
but up by what is the careful helpful
and you're an apple and I got your man
and I got a Nevada engineer hey what
that would do hello yeah I'm not going
no more first it I get I got you son
hey Barry Merrill it's gonna whoa good
job putting it up could you could you
tell of Jemaine er well they gave dad a
camel onion then I gave him a - camel -
man died you John that brought me a
goddamn presentment no hell no I'd eat
now
where's the persimmon I do what I ain't
no God an apple this really is not okay
I'm not eating you go down I'm not
taking it
here take me up on eat it oh yeah I need
no more goddamn I am dead brother
goddamn tater
that's a tater is an apple and you get
out of my house okay you did it admit
you have potato where you can go this is
an apple right here can you eat it
hold this give me the goddamn potato you
need a dime you know I'll be some bitch
told you as an apple then why are you
being in the bed just sore work out that
way
get out okay right now yo get the hell
out of my house baby that guy's here
yeah hum that is good man oh we gotta
run and read way too many I know you
leave oh we gotta do guardian tries
there you go
you kicked me out and you leave your
trash a mile but that's goddamn taste in
my mouth
hey right now
you got any late downer shit that's what
my motherfuckers
we've got in this tiny that on my own
vital they'll kill me I'll mess it up
you have I never love you we fight me go
out that's not true
video when you come to you out well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
like sips not getting it out part yet we
gotta have a little talk first so that
was the caramel onion you guys were
asking for we decided to do the caramel
onion Franklin had uh it was a lot of
fun it was crazy when he cut into the
onion with the knife I was like well
this is it you hear me say well that
didn't work I know right because I
thought once he looked inside it oh
that's not an apple that's an onion nope
didn't work out that way dad took that
takes a look inside and pops it in his
mouth pops it in a layered piece of
onion into his mouth so okay uh and then
the tomato was actually for you hi
yes that was supposed to be Burgess
tomato
yes I made it to makea a caramel tomato
for you to eat I was gonna be the only
one with an apple but dad ate the tomato
so whatever Michael I'm gonna get you
back just for doing that just for trying
to do it it would have worked if that
didn't eat the onion know that I would
have gotten you today so realize I can
prank whatever I'm gonna get you back no
still got to do this prank still got to
do that when we doing that soon before
I'll come in next couple days I also got
the other one I got to do voodoo doll
prank good so I've got a lot of pranks
going on got the main one that I've been
planning I stayed a little longer after
filming so I can get some more pranking
done grandpa and that's gonna be it for
today like subscribe follow me on
everything
favorite Monday Night Raw tonight
hello Michelle was last night and there
was a hologram Bray Wyatt had a hologram
what what's up Bray Wyatt so anyway
thanks for watching you guys can
malunion thanks for watching like
subscribe on everything everything
everything excuse me
oh thanks for watching you guys grow by
girl bye thanks for watching you guys
hope you guys like to click like if you
liked the prank click like if you want
to do some more videos like that thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite
favorite and that's it I got really
close to my face that's it
