okay dad this came from Monday mailbag
uh trust me eat it trust you yeah well
trust me it's a one that's a delicacy
for a country I can't open my lotto
ticket I'll try anything
I figured you would
yeah I try anything all right
take it out oh my god
all right guys eat it ah eat it ah oh
you're gonna lose face oh yeah sweet
it's so goddamn sweet that's a sweet
shit you put your mouth in it yeah tear
a piece off Anita
oh my god it's pickled crab embryo okay
eat a little more
oh yeah drink that juice good though
well drink the juice drink plenty of
that juice see basically what that is is
that's pickled crab embryo and the juice
is actually spit from the Hawaiians who
pickled pit Oh God yeah usually
Hawaiians spit get away hey I'm kidding
it's a gummy it came from Target taste
it I have tasted it before it's a gummy
no gummy
right now we are on our way downtown we
have our little Ghost Box hopefully we
could pick up some ghosts tonight leave
that last Y we can pick up much then
pick up anything last year there's a
couple of things
not much yeah but you seem to have like
a spirit following you lately so they
always follow the best so we're driving
downtown it is always a bitch to drive
down here isn't it always
oh man you think that's a sign dad MUSC
weight management center weigh-in
Tuesday Wednesday because the other
thing what is that red coat a
Confederate soldier so what do they do
what is this place see it storage of the
revolution
Oh God I hate it down here
downtime used to close this is it man Oh
fuck is this animal trying to walk into
the car and yeah
did you just swerve on purpose nothing
that like it I go forget it was coming
in my side
so sitting downtown with grandpa oh that
pardon what soon you bought it oh my god
worse what's the second one Oh dad just
bought a big time and he's just sitting
in it oh I'm used to it
why don't you get out and check out
downtown how's the range already Oh
look just get out I don't want to get
out well on your window is something
yeah you can roll down a window
I'll go smell it that's a nice little
angle
you know Michael this lottery without a
little boy my daddy used to bring us
down here you know weekend's
compat him and people had blankets man
spread everywhere you know oh no bad
hand like a band of you in the gazebo
when I was in st. st. Ben because the
bishop Robin please 9/10 I've until I
was a kid but I had a sin you know we
were listening to band up the end Daisy
what do you sell slaves
there's keeping the bottom they bring
them out and let you look at the teeth
and I hold me a bigger look at the hood
no shit but open the mouth it women man
these federal shirts open you know look
at the press you know anyway
loosen it one day man and me and my dad
since the roussanou bales playing you
know and I'm like I got a little fuck
and it was a little black boy dancing up
on there on Steve I use it to dancing to
the gazebo you know ya know raggy ass
close you know and no shoes I'd see
Danny looking at me look at a little
bored they up there dancing on that damn
on that gazebo I just can I go Dan dance
daddy guys no you can't go that Sunday
they kick you out
I said they tell him to move does it
who you talking about son I said a
little boys right you were an animal he
just disappeared or was even one of the
slaves that was sold and before he was
before they think they they sold him
somebody shot him and killed him right
there on the steps that gazebo right
there and that's why we live the gazebo
behind they're playing it boy be out
there dancing that's two story that's
who story
I know I party keiki del yeah I could
tell
anyway back to the wharf or something
right over there you know you could hear
none because of that bus
you're badgering savour you know for
something just right there and this is
where the first first shot the Civil War
was fired and people that lid raised
like on top of these houses healing
Tommy's house and everything yeah they
would be there was walking to the
kidneys also dominate wipe them or
thunder being bombarded and and they
were just be there and this is sometimes
do I hear at night time now and use
noise these out ain't no way to get on
them damn rules either and you do
rocking chairs rocking this is people
still watching be ports are being
bombarded that's creep aspersa true
story
can you imagine back in the old days old
man is pleased the the powers being hung
and shit the hands we fight over here
head of the big dog occasion certainly
yes put a saddle on that dog right in so
we are sitting here downtown getting to
the point where I may need this lights
in oh god he does how come I can't get
one what I can't find I'm real where
I've been looking dude I can't find him
I live in Megan with license more I
don't know where one would be I think
what they do is you buy then you buy the
damn it took that be a hat on yeah but
that sucks I like having the light built
into it me too so you getting scared and
little nurse see cuz I you know we pick
it up some sort of activity at your
house lately I know it didn't think of a
lot that's cuz I water with it by my
house water always attraction that could
be it
it is it I'll tell you what's beautiful
this look at that turn around look at
the skyline I've seen it beautiful I've
been here all my life I've seen the
media time does that answer your
question and again so get the light out
of my face
sorry all these goddamn spooks come and
get you you motherfucker
oh mighty spirit
with my lab melaka bring your goes down
hot michael go home go home with us that
ass who we need a real spell we learned
uh to Shu ku milada I shook like dancer
that I read it 95 hey are you trying to
scare well we're gonna leave good I'm
not gonna do what I did last year and
I'm a and I bring out the freaking Ghost
Box where you sleeping I'm just gonna
leave
alright because I was just in your house
and it fell haunted hi buddy you know I
just keep dying in the morning that goes
follow me on my yeah there's a cat
working on a theme
well later pop alright buddy see you
later good night Bridgette well I'm
leaving dad's tonight was the Paranormal
Activity video that video is going up
tomorrow so on the way out when we were
leaving downtown dad almost hit like two
cars that was frightening so leaving now
tried to prank him hey worked yes it
worked a lot better than I thought it
would have you ever tell the prank no
what do you mean that's leading up to
the next prank which is what
