what's going on you guys good Joe STRs
right there and I got you so good
well yesterday yeah wait you you you
were living for yesterday that happened
yet who cares Michael that was like so
funny you can never live it down if I'm
gonna remind you I was oh that was like
over 24 hours ago so who cares yeah so
yeah she got me I got yourself spider
wake up prank yeah that was yesterday if
you haven't seen the video click the
link below
however today is Wednesday weigh in
now as I said yesterday's vlog ever
since I got back to New York it was a
slippery slope yeah it was bad when I
got back from New York I was almost 350
again I said what the fuck I thought I
was doing by cos we were doing a lot of
walking while I was in New York but
apparently not so laughs in the past
couple weeks I've been trying to build
down from that before I weighed myself
again and I was gaining weight last week
I was 343 or 345 so let's see we are
today trying desperately to lose weight
here we go
gonna jump on that scale before
proceeding with our Wednesday so here we
go gonna check my weight wish me luck
338 huh well 338 as I said earlier last
week I was in the 330 345 almost 345 so
disappointed but I'm happier than I was
last week got to get back on the
Wednesday weigh-in track so Wednesday so
there will be playing with the dogs and
I think we're gonna be giving them baths
but for now when we throw the frisbee
around like they already are
so here we go having some fun with the
dogs and we might give them a bath I'm
in card caught is not letting us throw
the frisbee - come on buddy
what yeah go really
hi can we see I really like for you
slide fine no apparently not
hey there big girl aw she's good girl
skip all thank you Oh Bella being sweet
she wants to lay in the grass so I just
got the camera in the grass as I film
Bella Bella put your face right here hey
Oh
so this Isabella just chilling in the
grass hey pickle boy I'm having my
exercise 2 for Wednesday yeah too close
no I wasn't oh yes ha feels good today
feels like done
so today feels good we had our grass cut
today a pair of there was a bush over
there that I don't recognize being
missing but which they fell Jill's Jill
and this was a play anymore she doesn't
Bella's over with the playing Fang okay
it's time for the dogs to get a bath yep
and funny oh poor little butterball
brother wreck we're not playing the cat
now poor thing don't worry buddy
yeah of that game
you stink bye oh yeah he really staying
look get in here smell I feel well what
is that
I don't know thing he don't owe you
looking good
he's tired of this he's enjoying it now
Oh
that one's a man was a claw sitting near
Bella she's afraid to get her bath why
are you so scared it's not so bad
your baby girl stood it Murray turn
y'all done girl
come here that's it alright let's get
you dry it off
little baby lazy yeah see so we are
saying you're watching Tales from the
Crypt right now
cly what you freaking out about over
there no way he's obviously seeing a
ghost or something
god hi what are you seeing buddy give a
dog a bath and he's burger okay
he's like shut up daddy I'm listening to
something it's freaky
oh it is the line I'm sorry we shaking
the camera he's freaking help well
that's gonna be it for today you go
what do you you've been Kenny what is it
it's really cold out it is pretty cold
so that's gonna be 45 that's gonna be
here for today you guys hope you enjoyed
us playing with the dogs was mostly the
dogs today it was so cute and fun now
it's really called I'm about to get my
little heater out here how about you go
behind the glass and I'll pretend like
you're in the room with me so anyway
just sitting here Oh Bridgette West so
anyway thanks for watching uh I want to
say thanks to Shane Dawson who missing
Dawson who mentioned anger grandpaw in
his video yesterday what
I don't know Shane Dawson is really yeah
he's like a major youtuber he's got like
5 million subs in one channel like seven
on the other
so yesterday Shane Dawson was doing a
video about youtubers that he'd fuck and
he was going down the list and one of
the second names on the list was angry
grandpa and he said he didn't know who
dad was which isn't surprising we're not
big youtubers we're not you know like
Shane Dawson we we you know we have
500,000 subscribers and he has a total
of like 12 million
the guy just put out a feature film so
but even mentioning that in the video
yesterday had people looking this up and
so for that I appreciate it
don't worry Shane I'm sure dad would
fudge you too so anyway I said fudge
because that's what he was saying in the
video so anyway I appreciate it even if
you don't know who we are I'm glad that
maybe some people that watch your videos
now do know who we are so I appreciate
it thanks to Shane Dawson for you know
saying he'd fuck dad yeah at least
somebody will right so anyway thanks for
watching you guys thanks to Shane Dawson
hope you guys enjoyed the video like
subscribe favorite I'm going in it's
freezing gonna go watch American Horror
Story and that's it
