let's go specialist er so anyway I
really well sometimes whenever you
sleeping they look kind of wake up he's
like half asleep or whatever and he'll
see like spiders all over for him and
stop so I'm going to bring him a really
big black spider and little spiders
you're my name is just fucking dude
those a spider good morning hey I'm
deleting it no I got it I'm sorry okay
she get this fucking thing Walgreens and
I thought of you was that mean you're
really scared of spiders and you wake up
seeing them so I'm not scared of spiders
yes I wake up and I see them all the
fucking time
you're obviously scared of those I'm not
scared of spiders okay
congratulations you got me don't make
this like the rat thing where you came
back yeah is they're all over your
pillow how did you miss before I'm tired
of this now goodnight yeah we need to
call like terminex I love you love you
too
the light out of my face my good jumped
it's please get out please please get
out
okay okay
no no night can I go now No
farewell okay what's going on you guys
keep you on a camera here real proud of
yourself
so last night Bridget did the freaking
whatever that was a big spider anyway
stopped just woke up I watched the video
so she explained it that sometimes I'll
wake up in the middle of the night and I
think that I see spiders it's I've had
it for years
all the way all of my eyes I look in the
corner all it and I think I see a spider
crawling or something and it's happened
to me for years and I looked it up I
think they say it's like a form of
narcolepsy or something
it's just you know we're still in a
dream state when we first wake up so I
was like sleeping days and I like look
in this corner and I see two giant
spiders tumbling with each other
fighting but I wasn't scared I get
scared every time it was weird I always
jump out of bed you got me
spider prank got me so yesterday I put
up the video of grandpa and Tina the
party if you haven't seen it the link is
below check it out that was quite I love
to do that like I said it started off as
a vlog in the mid wailing Jesus and we
still don't know who that guy sleeping
on the couch was and so I don't know but
anyway that's it for right now
Tuesday chillin with Bridget just don't
try have a good little Tuesday today we
are walking
I know that I have neglected Wednesday
weigh in for a little while you know I I
know you guys aren't stupid you realize
it anything because the it's because I
don't do a wins I haven't done a
Wednesday vlogs cuz I've been depressed
you know we've been trying to lose
weight she's been losing weight I've
been trying to lose weight and we've
been walking and have been eating that
crazily and I've still been gaining
weight and I'm getting pissed off about
it and I went to a doctor and I'm fine
I'm just a fucking lazy fat fuck I guess
so
today we're going walking this is just
her answer water water water why can't I
drink gravy so anyway I don't know it's
been depressing but I got gonna put a
step up on it and I'm gonna try to lose
some more weight I think right now I
might freakin 235 3 - I wish
3 3 almost 340 again I don't know what
the deal is cuz I've been trying man you
know we when I got back from New York
when I got back from New York I was
almost 345 and then I started losing
weight and then I said it's pissed at me
up so we got butt working huh
so yeah Wednesday weigh-ins coming
tomorrow as embarrassing as it's gonna
be for me but getting back on track
going walking today what one or the
other one or the other well came home
well Newbridge went to Walmart and we
came back nerd glog watch so we're gonna
check it out here comes this month in
Earth
in a minute one day so I ripped over the
box area Christ hallelu
alright so then first things first we
take the shirt put it aside we have a
pop figure Deadpool what's that it's a
Marvel character hmm
that is Deadpool without is masculine we
have looks like I don't know some sort
of it's a legend of zelda looks like a
necklace looks like Marvel vs. DC
buttons nice
so that is spider-man versus Batman
Wolverine vs. Superman okay Kevin Smith
stickers this is his these are Kevin
Smith he got Batman that's got Jan
Silent Bob I went for those on my tablet
but I don't have one so
yeah is this okay
Arkham Asylum for the criminally insane
patient nerds okay this is looks like a
Batman post-it notes hmm
I wish they're already written in I
would like that but this is from the
Arkham Asylum and the last thing agent
whatever vintage these are vintage
Captain America trading cards
open look so the from Captain America
they're trading cards okay here we go
this is the shirt just having a look
looks like Batman and Robin I'm wearing
it
oh this is neat wow this is a Jay and
Silent Bob Batman and Robin shirt or a
blunt man a crime which ever one their
wannabe this is them wow it's pretty
cool this is a pretty sick shirt so Jay
and Silent Bob tee shirt
we said a nerd that's awesome why we
pick a fellas little sweater as you guys
can see it's urgent you okay he white
this I know she's wearing style and
quality I love this hey Bill
just walked in here and I saw Bella
walking behind the couch
hey you doing back there you look good
you love sweater
so that's gonna be for today you guys
thanks for watching
personal thank you to Bridget for waking
me up with some spiders this morning she
took advantage of whatever it is that's
wrong with me some form of narcolepsy or
something she took advantage of that was
an accident
why are we even come well you can't just
you can't just prank me and prank me and
prank me a prank wait let's work on dad
now No yes I don't hear that so anyway
she got me it's whatever we went to
Walmart today and we got something for
another prank one dad so that's gonna be
coming we still got to go downtown to do
the ghost Ghost Box video so that's
coming she got me I'm still annoyed by
that but anyway got our nerd block today
Bella or a sweater she was cute Bridget
pranked me it wasn't cute took advantage
of a sleeping disorder how low are you
so anyway thanks for watching you guys
hope you guys had a terrific Tuesday I
just thought it out on the spot hope you
guys had a terrific Tuesday
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe Baberaham and that's it
