what's going on you guys give me Ani
camera they are but just hey camera here
uh first things first just had a little
party for Tina sign at dad's house dad
didn't know about the party just had it
it was good so this was like an all-day
thing it's like going on it's going on
seven o'clock Wow
so just got done with the party uh just
got done reading the response from me
breaking bridges tablet they are pissed
at me for that um okay we're I did lose
my temper was when I smashed it with the
meat tenderizer but the thing is a
cretin Abed I knew it couldn't that's
that's why I hit with the meat
tenderizer
ah cuz I knew it couldn't be thick but
it wasn't that total accident that it
broke but I do apologize Bridget I'm
sorry and I'll come on forgive me I am
gonna get you another one I don't know
if it could be a nexus 10 cuz I can't
find it but well c'mon for it so I
apologize to Bridget sitting here with
dad I got a question
what who the hell was that guy Oh God
do some guys guys I don't know I believe
y'all groaning so there was a guy uh
sleeping on dad's couch and I don't know
where he came from he was not there
during the party kind of like came
inside I asked Tina she don't know who
the guy was so this dude was just is do
you think some guy just came to your
house and started eating and sleeping
oh there's Neil and one point I wasn't
telling me about at one point he gets up
and starts heating up a hot dog in the
microwave and eating shit now I was
sitting on my chin I fell miss I felt
like awkward about it
Daigo they don't notice brought him do
you know who that guy was I was asleep
on the couch she's never seen it before
in my life I'd invite him he's just
sleeping I thought he was for your
grandpa
doesn't know how those vary yours no I'm
a friend of yours no I don't know people
like that
oh yeah right Oh what I do yeah yeah
whatever
oh fuck am I gonna know somebody I'll go
and ask if you had any cake yet I can't
I think we're a little otherwise because
of clothes and colors sugar oh yeah got
cake bitch
so just chilling out had Albert's party
here grandpa tried to ruin it but a dead
Albert's still had a boss party yes
right that's right Mike and sugar
britches pulled it off
so I brought that cat shirt over for dad
to wear and we've been looking for it
for the past hour we can't find it the
shirt I think you got to get back home I
want you to have it that's not what I'd
like to find it oh yeah they go bad
Oh long day everybody literally just
left and look at mouths oh it's not that
bad huh well regardless if you find that
shirt don't put it on until I come back
I promise how long you're gonna liked it
we'll see it's a shirt that I got
yesterday from Luke crane you guys click
to like frame at the short you also
click like cuz I broke her tablet you
click dislike I mean so oh yeah I broke
her just tablet yesterday whose total
accent I don't blame you it was an
accident I broke it on purpose you know
she was trying to rub it on my hands and
I kind of tossed I was aiming for like
the floor where I would cush but hit the
dog cages okay yeah oh you done oh yeah
people have been asking for you to tell
some more storage for October enemies I
will I'll start that tomorrow night
click like if you want dad to tell some
Halloween stories for his channel I want
to hear them I hope you guys want to
hear them more stories like the man in
the blue suit but if you haven't heard
that story the link is below I want to
hear them like I said the man in the
blue suit is below that is one of the
creepy sores of Jesus you are tired I'm
very tired
yeah what you going home Oh bridges all
of us are trying to force me out of my
father's house are you paying no no that
you were fine with it time to do that
Oh Michael you said there's a chance
that we can bring you the ghost by using
this in here
there's no good about hold the camera
Bridget how many fingers am i holding
- right are there any spirits in here
yeah me they do you say grandpa can you
take your home well thought I heard it I
think I heard a my arugula we are
picking up some sort of activity come on
man don't do that like that what don't
anything oh how many people are in here
oh hell no I heard 40 did you get out
get out turn it off turn it off I'm
serious
is there any spirits in this house hey
so what if there is 40 spirits in here
gamma did Bob are there spirits in here
yes or no turn it off now that's it I'm
scared stop you're scaring me now stop I
gotta go to bed
I believe it get your good in camera on
my feet whatever you're gonna do to a
lot my lassie Kumu who kuttappa Pasha
I'll get out - sure
you may be haunted congratulations get
out of here dad did you enjoy the
birthday party yeah fine
man that was like a 12-hour thing almost
June's cold I hear let's give daddy a
kiss bye
Oh God love you Michael party pop good
night well uh we're leaving dad's house
Michael Mike and Jerry just opened up
here
what yeah brain daters opened up here
are you serious yeah oh you're laughing
whose eyes whatever Syracuse I did ah I
liked it so anyway if you didn't notice
what we were just doing we're preparing
for a prank uh once again dad is you
know staying away from his social media
while I prepare for this prank uh you'll
see hey how you feeling buddy car's been
having them hot spots lately and we were
working on making him feel better
yeah low marks on his lip as you can
tell poor language bulldoze with their
skin problems so that's gonna be it for
today you guys prepared for my prank
with dad with the ghost box that was fun
uh it's gonna be a good video uh I
cannot wait it's all going down so dad's
afraid so that's going down uh the video
that you guys saw the aftermath of today
is going up tomorrow the thing is that
video started off as a vlog like I was
just gonna upload this on today's vlog
in about midway while I'm filming I'm
like this has to go on the main channel
because this is crazy it got wild the
idea is it just being this party that
dad surprised is happening it's a
surprise party this is not a surprise
party for him it's just a part surprise
party going on at his house for somebody
else and he had no idea he comes pulling
up or grilling out his food and it was a
you know it got crazy you know check
this out what we should do party to our
guy here right here
I can be stupid daddy Christmas to me
that's why you a my house yeah you do
bitch
I'm cutting you out but goddamn house
get up I've got it around now Michael I
swear to God I won't get it off I know
get her on about get her out of my mine
young you're like a DJ no god damn farm
so it got crazy uh-huh
and I was like while I was throwing that
scene a mic holy shit this is fucked up
I don't know what's gonna happen if it's
gonna come to blows like I don't know so
wow that's tomorrow I'm gonna put out
tomorrow afternoon I do a lot of this
and I've noticed it so anyway for real
though but seriously thanks for watching
you guys that's going to be it prepared
for the prank at a surprise party the
videos going up tomorrow link for the
man in the blue suit is below click like
if you wanted to hear dad tell some more
ghost stories I want to hear them so
thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite yeah they're
pretty pissed at me for breaking your
tablet soon I'll look I will look for
the new tablet my apologies
yes I will try to find the 10 what about
the 11 or something like if you could
get a ps2 or ps4 which ones you get okay
just just making sure you're ready to
move on with the times
so anyway Sunday night gonna go watch
The Walking Dead art no we're not are
what you want to sleep soon yeah no
spoilers please please nobody tell me
the spoilers thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite pickleboy
follow me at lyric old rap mommy bridge
west thanks for watching you guys
