what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here as Bridget west and she's
right over there if you can't hear she's
right out of your shot so it is Saturday
night I said it was Saturday yesterday
in the vlog it was Friday and I go yes
just have a little Saturday night
so tomorrow
Tina is having a birthday party for her
son I told her she should had the party
at dad's house
the main reason it's just because I know
it will annoy dad so tomorrow Tina's son
is having a birthday party at dad's
house and we made pasta salad pasta
salad there it is
yes dad likes it that's the main reason
we get it because he needs to eat so we
made pasta salad for grandpa and that's
tomorrow so tomorrow look forward to
seeing dad and Tina and Tina's whole
family and whoever it wants me to film
them and we're gonna have them tomorrow
for the party so that's tomorrow
birthday party at grandpa's house for
Tina's son hashtag birthday bash yeah
thanks guys the Eddie and tomorrow we're
gonna have a birthday bash at grandpa's
house serving up with Bridget's homemade
pasta salad loaded with cheese Italian
dressing salami and deep fried to Golden
perfection served over a pizza made into
a chili on a hotdog that's not happening
I made that up
okay everybody it is time the loot crate
you can tell that that's not my birthday
well I did not cancel loot crate I like
these things oh okay oh there is a shirt
and I see cats so I'm gonna sit that
aside first thing I won't look at it
okay this stuff seems cool this month
actually
first things first it's a book how to
survive a sharknado and other unnatural
disasters
that's neat so it's a book telling you
how to some how to survive unnatural
disasters like a bee clips
like or a dynamic dye Oh Nami so I mean
this is cool it's a fucking book so how
to survive sharknadoes and other uh
natural disasters and our natural
disaster being like the sharknado where
the freakin tornado picked up sharks you
know so that's that what is this this is
for Dead Rising 3 like zombies yes it's
like a homemade weapon little it's got a
uh what's here it's gonna sledgehammers
kind of sauce gonna chain some this is
need a little model thing that's madero
kills Merle oh oh brother that's funny
thank you 3d glasses so there must be
something 3d in here so let's take these
glasses off and replace them for these
glasses which this is the 3d the blue
Krait magazine is in 3d this mount
school this is really cool this month so
we've got 3d lootcrate magazines very
cool this is really cool it's a good
loot crate they pull out all the stops
for it oh yeah we'll see here we've got
well this would have been good for the
video ah sweet tattoos of slashes and
bites
oh dear bad a copy of The Walking Dead
this thing is signed I don't know if
that's a real signature tell me if
that's a real signature you guys I don't
know what it is who it is looks real
yeah well this is a Walking Dead it
looks like a loot crate exclusive copy
of The Walking Dead if you'd ever wanted
to read the magazine or the comic book
version of the show it's right here
and of course we got a pen the tag
before I look at it the tag is a kitty
oh cool okay looks like a skeleton face
made out of kittens
oh is that crazy or what
it's cute it's a freaking skeleton made
out of cats it's pretty cool I should
give this to dad I know you said click
like if you think I should give this
shirt with the skeleton face made out of
cats - dad that's cool hey Felix look
that is Luke right for this month
and this is a good one I agree don't
cancel it okay here we go for the first
time in a while we're gonna play some
flappy bird like a month ago and I got
43 you did not okay maybe more than that
56 or something like that 66 II died
guys know that don't you dare take my
school that was my score don't dare take
my score okay it's my turn you died
no it's yourself as game worse that in
town is my dad either
Michael as you can see that 6e is
actually mine uh-uh-uh
no it was me temples it you were here
Oh my turn I don't plan again oh come on
this is a joke I plan again now my fine
day
fuck this my god excuse me buddy
oh he's doing this on part of a tape
idealities so much
he's like this is so on purpose he
farmed 100% melon Michael is still
playing Bobby bird
oh yeah my tablet's probably almost dead
by now I don't know I the battery bars
hidden oh that would've been the one
that would have been the one dude oh you
feel good about yourself anything to
protect this girl right I wouldn't want
to lose it either there's like think I
would just beat up what you're messing
with me try it now then hey don't mess
with in I'll beat it right now oh why
did you suck you you're so nice to me oh
why is this happening to me
one I can promise you I will throw your
tablet across the room do not try to
take this wrong you're right I break
your laptop why can't you pass two cuz
you something
what cheat code did you put in for 60
not impossible I'm just better than you
yeah you're laughing in my ear that was
cos you once you watch closely
well I actually I passed time
oh man may your killer you know you're
getting close to losers here try yelling
I would have done the same thing if I
were you it wasn't my fault - somehow
this is not be doing hmm watch yourself
before you try to take something from
somebody's hands like this gets
dangerous so I need to know what Michael
Moo it's fine no no oh no sunlight it's
just a game dude
you're trying to take it from me you got
the Tavor
Armenia oh Jesus oh god I just turn it
away
I'm not putting with the depression shit
just throw it away - Michael fucking
ruined thank you it's not ruined thanks
Michael Richard I really a bug bird is
worth it you're making me angry please
stop let's look up screen replacements
they don't even have Nexus 10 and stores
on even we're got Nexus 12
let's get that and pinky so we plug up
the charger
let's just go ahead and get this fixes
Michael AIDS take off the back pointless
oh my god let's take off the back door
fit let's pull in now yeah no thanks to
you you're not gonna put this on me game
you tried to take it from my hands that
I was playing it oh here's another one
soon Shh I'm sorry I'm sorry I said Paul
G accepted no yeah you're obviously so
much better than me that's gonna be it
for today you guys Bridget's asleep she
got into an argument with me this was an
accident
this I didn't mean to happen so I do
apologize Bridget it was an accident I
think we have a warranty on it I don't
know if it covers this but my apologies
I don't know if you can use it anymore
getting glass of my fingers now you know
I don't know what to say I you know it's
not that I had a temper about it I was
playing flappy bird Nogami angle but
that's not why I broke this I buy
through it I thought you know there was
a pillow over there and I was gonna try
to glide it over and hit the dog aids I
don't know how that
cause that damage this that's bad some
you know some of this was caused by the
meat cleaver or whatever this meat
tenderizer is but but still it broke
because they had the dog cage but I do
apologize it was an accident I didn't
mean to do a bridge in click like if you
go out I broke her tablet she doesn't
have one anymore click like if you're
glad I did this I I am sorry I didn't
mean for it to happen so sorry rigid
that's gonna be it like subscribe
favorite and that's it for the tablet
and the video
