what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here to us here right there and
today is Monday today is Monday and
number one you guys I'm wearing the
whites grandpa game before Christmas I
want to show it to him you know it's
very important that I let him know the
things that he gives me that I keep so
today I'm wearing it dad this is for you
guys today is Monday and today we're
going over to grandpa's house we're
cooking for him I'm teaching Jennifer my
burger recipe I'm so excited I hope she
gets it guys this is like all the intro
you're getting we have to talk about
something very important about
yesterday's vlog forget the intro let's
do this I'm back you guys I wanted to
take a minute before we continue over to
grandpa's house to talk about some of
the comments in yesterday's vlog you
know I found them to be disturbing and I
want to talk about it right now because
I want to give the people who said those
things the opportunity to unsubscribe
from this channel because I don't want
them on it anymore so guys I want to
talk about something very serious you
know one of the things that I saw a
really big pattern in yesterday's vlog
number one was people saying that I need
to show him on camera absolutely not if
you think that I'm going to give in to
your morbid curiosity to see somebody
dying in a hospital bed so you can say
you saw it then you're really as
delusional as I imagine you are I invite
everybody that thinks I'm gonna show my
father and the worst part of his life on
camera if you think I'm going to show
that I think you should unsubscribe from
the channel and everybody that
unsubscribes you know farewell you know
I would rather those people not be on
the channel anymore because they're
toxic and I don't want that on my
channel or my likes or my comments
anymore so those people I invite you to
unsubscribe it's thank you for you know
getting us to where we are but I'll move
on without you from here the ones that
do stay and there's a lot of you that
don't think that way you there's a lot
of you that aren't monsters that think
you should you know show people at the
worst part of their lives you know
those people I appreciate thank you so
much for all the love
and the support I thank you guys for
everything but I'm not going to show my
father until it's right to show my
father right he's he's in the worst part
of his life
we're not he's not out of the woods he's
we're not sure if like he's getting an
extra month of life an extra six months
the cirrhosis is going to kill him I
don't know if anybody has told you that
before you guys the cirrhosis is going
to kill grandpa and I don't apparently
I've got to tell you guys very blunt and
straightforward right now we're fighting
for weeks with my father weeks we want
extra weeks because we almost lost him a
month ago so we're trying to get him to
fight and claw and and build his life
back up for an extra weeks six months
and this is the hardest point of my life
and if people think that I'm going to
take the camera shove it in his face
when he's not awake I don't think so
I'm absolutely never going to do that so
those people who want that unsubscribe
from the channel and I mean that very
blunt and as angrily as I can put it
unsubscribe from the channel there were
other people that said you know oh great
give him a cheeseburger guess what if
I'm fighting for weeks for my father's
life if he wants a cheeseburger he's
getting a cheeseburger not to mention
this is from an approved list that the
hospital gave us a food that he can eat
you don't know more than a hospital okay
you're just a person on YouTube you
don't know what you're talking about so
again those people unsubscribe from the
channel I expect to see a few thousand
son subscribers today and every one of
you farewell
unfollowed me from Twitter as well I
don't want those toxic people talking to
me about my father and wanting to see
him while he dies and if that's what
you're looking for I invite you to leave
now the ones that don't feel that way
I'm sorry you had to witness this but
there's a lot of monsters in the comment
section and if you wanted to see him in
a hospital bed you are a monster and you
need to reevaluate who you are as a
person
so that's the scene I wanted to do now
we're going to go to grandpa
and I'm gonna make him a cheeseburger
because that's what he wants my dad
wants to cheeseburger that's what he's
gettin french fries - all right you guys
I am sitting here with Jennifer and I'm
gonna teach her how to make my classic
cheeseburger recipe because grandpa
wants a cheeseburger so dad Jenny's
gonna be making it fingers crossed that
they turn out okay amazing so step one
butter your bun we've done that I'm
gonna sit it right here pretty simple
first step huh
we'll be back I'll check out our buttons
bottle bang boom that's perfect
it don't get no better than this okay
Yeah right now that we got the bun now
we need to make the burger now guys
because grandpa has the liberal problems
we can't have salt so we're gonna be
using this and I don't know anything
about it Jenny experice buy it so we're
gonna see so hey hey very close
attention you're making the wrestling
for the family I'm abandoning my old
meat method you guys I've got it in a
ball
I'll set it right here and I'm gonna
start flat
now other people say do not flatten your
meat have you ever done this before yeah
okay
not with a frying pan with like holes in
the middle of it okay okay burger fails
it's all alright oh no give me a second
folks
I need a dimmer spatula I'll be back
Michel just use two plates yes second
you're not telling me yes I know it's
okay everyone
now you're working on grandpa's burger
you guys I'm doing the classic way that
I've always made them before flattening
out on a plate
Yui um it's just really funny as all so
guys here's what we're doing
you're gonna keep it aren't you
I probably will guys okay I failed okay
no no it's okay it's the spatula small
so slide it across this plate I'm gonna
pop this into the freezer for about two
or three minutes
and it's gonna be good to go come on
work all right
burgers on you guys now I'm gonna add
some of the season how much glad I know
use this all right I mean that's easily
down now I'm sure a lot of cook for a
minute you want to get a good crisp on
the bottom of that then we'll be back
Judy you taking notes yep she's taking
notes how the fried spinach
the end is almost near you guys right
when you flip it see that Chris first
I'm going to do a little more flattening
I know I'm squeezing out the juice
although for a second okay I know I'm
squeezing out juice and that's a big
no-no but like I needed a fly to that
one earlier so two cheese and the star
shape now guys forgot snakes bread yeah
I'm the one cooking you're making me mad
now gonna calm down
did you do me a favor if you hold that
star shape guys I got this folks let's
build a burger
all right first step you put your burger
down yeah usually I do doubles but dad
doesn't want too much burger okay this
is everything I'm against ha
first thing is mayonnaise I don't do
mayonnaise okay I'll be straight up my
dad wants Manny's on his what dad wants
dad gets a little bit of mustard and for
some people it's a cardinal sin for dad
it's a must have catch up catch up on
her burgers like comment or something no
you have the people who invented the
burger if you go there they won't put it
on it yeah last step a little bit of
less he does like too much very light
lettuce seriously white okay that's it
man Jennifer I think we're missing a
little something something to this meal
go ahead pile em along girl but ketchup
mm-hmm nothing better than homemade
french fries can't have too much ketchup
because of the sodium but nice that's
great
Jennifer's trying these burgers for the
first time all right
so far so good
and makes them handling a lot easier
with your freezin like that yeah okay
first two burgers have gone down boom
now you need a little salt and pepper
not trailer Joe seasoning it cooks mega
quick
you're almost done right now goodbye
that Artie
no just one flies each for these dad
said to point
by the way if you're wondering where all
the noises they're fixing the water
heater right now so okay this is God
mayonnaise onions lettuce and ketchup is
that all you do and little mustard is
that for real
yeah if you can't get flavor out of it
back in I always do well here's your
burger
choose one stick it on your bottom bun
there or that's the top bun all right
top it off give it a taste switch thing
my best burger you never made in it so
you get a look inside there oh yeah that
looks good man
so just think you can make these at home
you can you know make secret sauces with
it you can you know I do out to me a
little mayonnaise a little ketchup a
little relish
all right here we go trying Jennifer's
burger right now
mmm it's simple guys it's an easy burger
recipe and it tastes like restaurant
quality you got a nice char a little bit
of salt you don't do much not much salt
- pepper you can ruin it put too much
guys this is a good burger nice job
Jenny mmm mother he goes mom all right
what do you think what Mama's burger how
good percent so how many out of ten guys
nine why not ten it's a 210 just not a
10 here that he said it eight of 10 I
say it's a 10 car designs right now we
are fixing the water here
xiety diarrhea okay no why are you not
wearing a shirt put one on all right no
that is not like that is totally like it
is like when you have no back home from
Grandpa's you guys we're gonna be
getting out of here in just a minute but
before we do I want to talk to you about
two very important things number one how
things went with Grandpa you know it's
been a long time since I was able to
just sit down and have a conversation
with my dad
you know of course we've talked right
but we've talked we've had fun with Joe
but I've not actually been able to sit
down and just chat and that's what I did
today i sat down with my dad and and I
was absorbing as much of this like
conversation as I could I just sat there
and he starts talking about one thing
and then that moves on to the other from
the funny to the ridiculous to politics
dad loves to talk about politics so I
just sat there and we talked and we
talked and we talked and we talked and I
had a great time at one point just to
prove how he's still sharp up here me
Bridget and Jennifer and Lauren we're
all just sitting in a group talking we
thought he was asleep and I'm just a
while he looks really good tonight but
it was like yeah he looks good yeah he's
sleep and he sounds good and the next
thing I hear you know I'm still alive
dammit Oh huh what are you talking about
me we're not talking about you know I'm
not stupid do I say stupid like no sir
you do not look stupid and then one time
he was actually asleep we were all like
there we all just got there and then he
opened his eyes like it's just my wake
yeah it's all them that yesterday oh
yeah yeah so he's still getting he's
still sharp up there he's getting better
every day you guys and it's really good
to see he told me his next step is he
wants to get in his chair and he wants
to ride around the house he's back home
he's happy about it and he wants to get
back home
you guys he's still not there yet you
know he was there and then the ammonia
kicked in and then he's back down again
so I don't want to show him again until
he's there again but guys he's getting
there and he's happy and he's home and
that makes me really happy so that's the
update with dad I hung out we cooked him
some burger he actually ate it
got on some pound cake which is his
favorite dessert he ate that and then
when I asked him if he wanted something
to drink
he got really pissed at me I was there
all right dad you want some root beer no
one want a coke we're out of coke do you
want to score the win bloopers that game
why is it blue so I decided to joke
around when the little bat was like hey
what do you want to drink I want a coke
okay so you want a root beer cool oh do
you want okay
jinnie go get that a roofie read my
that's what a coke coke coke coke I want
to talk like dad I heard she was a joke
here so it was awesome to actually have
one of those moments so that's the
update on grandpa you guys he's just as
angry as he ever was he yelled at me he
cuss at me a couple of times okay tells
me that I don't know everything and dad
I don't think that I do and of course
there's one more important update that
we got to give you you know the other
day we told you guys that Bella was
taken to the vet to have the bump on her
head check to see if it had cancer in it
well tonight Bridge got the results yes
I did and no cancer no cancer Bella is
totally cancer-free you guys she's
healthy no cancer with Bella you guys
dad's doing good things are finally
starting to look up after looking down
2017 I'm finished with you okay
seriously I'm absolutely done when I get
like a look back on my life I'm gonna
say man I love 2016-2017 didn't exist
guys I can tell Belle the good news
remember the other day when you had this
little patch shamed out of your head
because of the bump and they wanted to
check on it well guess what it's not
kids or big girl it's just a cyst isn't
that good
she's like was I endanger I had no clue
we've been so worried you guys and this
has just been the cherry on a really
good day I had a really great day with
dad now I get to tell Bella the good
news I'm so happy right now
all right god you're good all right I'll
leave you alone because you hear bells
okay Claud you hear her all right girl
yeah I'll leave you alone knowledge I
like to be you do your thing give me
that Paul all right love you girl you're
gonna be all right
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching had a really
good day we made burgers for the family
I hung out with Grandpa we got some
great news about Bella this has been a
pretty good day it's been a really good
day
and you taught Jennifer how to cook a
cheeseburger yeah Jennifer she's got a
really good job I'm a little shook
because she might be the burger maker of
the family now Hey I mean her burgers
before like hockey pucks he hated her
fries I don't know if I said that guys
took one bite of a fries 2:30 she did a
salted oh that's the thing she used this
Trader Joe's salt free seasoning there
was no salt but he was a tooth Dorothy
pretty like a franchise name he
definitely I tried him I thought they
were pretty good but anyway Jennifer you
got the juice now you make the burgers
guys getting out of here thanks for
watching
ha pretty good day guys if you want
anything from the store in time for
Christmas check out the link below
we got hoodies we got hats christmas is
coming and I want you guys to tweet me
the study you know you guys wearing this
stuff I need a hashtag for this because
I just realized people have been sending
them and I can't see it so what's the
hashtag hashtag AG P gear HTP merch
there you guys go
hashtag AG P March send us a picture of
you wearing an angular grandpa's shirt
and angle grandpa hoodie whatever it is
whatever you got send us a picture and
I'm gonna show grandpa and I'm gonna let
you guys know what he thinks guys we're
getting out of here and I will retweet
them obviously these guys getting out of
here thanks for watching
subscribe favorite Twitter thing for us
today was a good day so it was such a
great day
