hey buddy I'm playing it here you can't
chew it I dare you to you will see our
policy just then i'ma show you I'm gonna
show you AB then you go back girl tips
no I'm timing you
one two good four five
I got favorite I'm Kat yeah trying to
make the Gump something it is how you
bitch
is this how you enjoy as long as you
savor them good good man you over Big
Mike are you talking to the rock Grampa
take a bite because I don't know rock
but there's real people here you don't
have to talk to the rock rock more
intelligent ah
that's fucked up fucked up how about
perfect neighbor for all years just my
dog barks oh all right well can I take
some time slim jims home from ER doc
yeah I thought she could have it you
took a course or evening good I'm foggy
well that's your dinner yeah thanks for
dinner Mikey what do you want for your
dinner that's what I wanna talk to you
about you have newspaper what do you
want for your birthday dinner
mmm whoa what's going on you guys
get behind the camera here grandpa's got
that open all stuff yeah there yeah all
right so we got dad some pizza oh yeah
and because dad told me not to get him a
cake and I didn't any bitched about it
damn chocolate chip cookie just as sweet
as me and my favorite is talking so got
you some pizza got you some wings
y'all listen there you go this is
driving me crazy
honey barbecue pizza is this one this
dad is it ultimate supreme man
so Michael sheriff sitting here with dad
on his birthday got him some pizza he
just had his mail bag video where he
opened up all your guys stuff now we're
going to eat some pizza and a few
minutes we're gonna sing happy birthday
matter of fact everybody happy birthday
to you to sing happy
and many more now the feet I did do that
earlier - what
well now you sing twice you're on the
clock fucking crazy shit man hamburger
stuff cross it wings are good well how
was your birthday pop good but our bed
I'm tired yeah your bags under your eyes
look I got bags in the BA and I got bags
under my ass
oh hang on the ball Oh God Oh
so my ass looks like your face
comparison we both got bags you want to
guys me under my ass that just adds
faces a little of hair I just swallowed
like a frickin net oh that was carb up
are you going yet no I was coming to
talk to you about your birthday oh now
you know we're just getting chilly I'm
gonna tell a throwback Thursday sorta
night well you know your horse let me
say right now yeah don't do an agate I'm
going in I'm going to bed your wing
sauce on your face yeah I'm good to win
head over good thank you Mike those were
good she's out of here look at this you
don't Bridget goddamn come on fuck this
I'm gone can you blame her yes I can't
well give me give me give me I won't
even yell I love over fear
you get birthday spankings I'll be
goddamned you woke up my ass that ain't
happening
how about that it ain't so dark amber
turn the light off it don't work taking
the light bulb came for Bob goddamn
lifeboat oh hey guess what your eyes are
gonna be hurtin well I appreciate
everything you did Michael you didn't
bring me no birthday present but I do
have her differently coming for you okay
yeah we'll see you when he gives here
check Sadie checks in the mail too right
God everybody to make you get grandpa's
birthday even more happy Bob bumper
sticker well I wasn't gonna say that but
a bumper sticker I was gonna say post
happy birthday in the comments staying
at grandpa Bob bumper sticker awesome
Facebook and Instagram this isn't about
you Bridget
they've already been told not to follow
you so tweet at the end your grandpa
tell happy birthday post happy birthday
in the comments I'm 64 years old 64 64
64 years young oh you ain't a senior
citizen yet now shut up fucker get out
of here
Your Honor I think you know I'm ready if
you believe now you're relatively young
I'm ready for you to leave I want to go
to bed you're gonna leave yeah how's my
bedtime okay say please please and then
say Michael is the greatest man I've
ever met
mugs are dick there's a boy that's what
I said to say that sense him the greater
probably other men thought like oh I'm a
tall throwbackthursday store tonight dad
all right well goo you I'll watch it
ever go fucking home
that's my question she's obviously your
girlfriend or something oh my god I get
how you take her would you please
forgive you bring your present grandpa I
know thank you bye happy birthday to you
happy birthday to Michael come on happy
team singing happy birthday to you oh
god damn anymore to you baby
get off hey come here let me spank that
ass shit God Michael I'm going bitch
that's safe oh I'm going yes are you
seeing the guys do I fucked up goodbye
leaving dad's house uh Tina still over
there contra you know only contrary to
what you guys are believing they are not
together they're not a couple they we
like to fuck with that I told Tina
before she got over here because I
invited her over for the pizza and stuff
and I told her before she gets over here
to be overbearingly you know advanced
advances grandpa
so anyway is nine o'clock leaving dad's
house right now I still got to tell
throwbackthursday story I'll call that
when I get home but happy birthday dad
I'm glad people sent your stuff and you
liked it and the letters and there's
still more that you going through our
gift too I wish it would have come let's
have already been here I got dad a new
video camera he wanted a video camera
with a light on it and so I ordered a
foreman hasn't come yet and I'm really
angry about it because I really wanted
to have a for his birthday so here we go
leaving we will come back soon and do
that prank on dad I just want to do two
mother's birthday I don't want to really
and I did not want to ruin his birthday
were giving him a caramel onion boy it
will happen so and the snake prank but
happy birthday dad hey Braden grandpa
hey Claude well we came home and we
noticed Clyde had a hot spot and if you
don't know a hot spot is a spot on a dog
that on English bulldogs they start off
small and for some reason to get really
big and they're like Raschi and they get
really bad so we had to put a cone on
client's head so he can keep him
something scratching at it and messing
with it so right now he's got a cone on
his head
hey you look conehead oh poor thing I
think in my grandma's nose area poor
buddy you got the worst luck with skin
so we're almost done for today but I
still got to do a throwback Thursdays
story and I had the perfect one I was
talking with dad about it earlier I had
to get some more details on the story
this is a story from years ago this was
dad's birthday when his mom was still
alive this was in like 95 back in 95 dad
and his mom every morning would go to
Shoney's I mean like every morning that
you know they went to Shoney's they
would drink coffee had the breakfast but
little I'll shoot a mile lift our
boo-boo but they would have the
breakfast buffet and they'd go home well
there was a rumor circulating that you
would get a free breakfast buffet at
Shoney's on your birthday and grandma
and dad decided to go to show and he's
on his birthday and they were going to
bring me they
my sister Kim you know uh mom was not
there it was just me dad grandma and Kim
and we were all sitting there and dad
boast it's my good birthday and he walks
away mm-hmm gets up starts making him a
plate now mind you and Dad goes to the
Shoney's buffet
he doesn't make little plates okay he
takes piles of bacon one time he took
all the bacon he took all the bacon out
of the thing and put it on a plate walk
the thing and they kicked him out I'm
pretty sure I told you that story before
Shoney's is like a little sit-down
restaurant place up north it's like it's
kind of like a Friendly's I don't know
what else to compare to look up Shoney's
and dad thought he was getting himself a
free breakfast buffet meanwhile dad
trots way to get his breakfast and my
grandma's talking to the waitress she's
saying well I thinks he gets a free
breakfast but I can't do that boys
that's what she sounded like he says he
gets a free breakfast buffet because
it's his birthday and the waitress had
no idea about it the way just goes uh I
don't think you get a free breakfast
buffet now dad wouldn't have taken me
and Kim if he didn't get a free
breakfast bar because she and I were
half-price do we equal the price of one
adult and so one less adult means he
could take two kids we free we probably
don't got to eat dinner that night
because that's the kind of poor folk we
was you know if one person eats free
we'll take the two kids for our lower
price so we went and we started making
our plates and dad comes back in he's
eaten and the bill comes now when the
bill comes it is two adults and two kids
and dad flipped this shit in there and
grandmas going I'll pay it charlie no
goddamn hey now waitress he's screaming
in the restaurant
I need a waitress waiter where my god
with my goddamn waitress he is flipping
his shit dude it is insane
the wait just comes up what's wrong I
feel I got a free goddamn breakfast from
our goddamn birthday this is my goddamn
birthday the waitress I don't know
anything about it she's like almost in
tears dad's flipping his shit ah you
know dad was considerably bigger than
this is back when dad was about 700
pounds six seven hundred pounds
or turn on their tables oh my god we're
used to right now me camera still eating
I'm baking I'm not no we're not getting
dinner tonight we need to eat I'm not
the manager comes at the table sir we're
gonna help you with
he approached dad like he was a hunter
and dad was a fucking rhinoceros on
safari he's like sir what can I help you
with
like he's sneaking up on dad dad was
Bridget laughing over there uh
dad is pissed off with our goddamn three
backness and in the end the whole meal
was comped all of us were free a long
story short though the long version of
the story is about ten minutes the guy
gave up you know that's the the short
that's the longer version dad's sitting
up for ten minutes
I ain't paying for a goddamn Neverland
food I ate it mind you dad ate a lot of
food like there was a lot of nibbles
like I'm not paying for a fucking Nayla
god damn it I want free Sunday too
I don't know if he said that I might
have thrown Heather there but he might
uh he might have said cause it was a lot
of stuff being thrown around so dad's
pissed off guru goddamn worth goddamn
bitch she's just uh you know she's just
a server she knows she don't know no
better she don't know what she's doing
she might have been new but dad was
pissed
long story short all of us were free dad
left and he was happy as a pig eating
shit and he went the Chinese for dinner
so that was the throwback Thursday story
I figured I would tell you a story on
dad's birthday because dad's birthday
fell on throwback Thursday we went to
Shoney's uh-huh dad got the breakfast
but they thought it was free because it
was his birthday turns out a wedding it
was not free uh freaked out on the
weight just freaked out on the manager
flipped his shit got it free day with a
Chinese that's it thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe paper red bridge
right there I did think four so she
can't talk pretty soon I'm gonna do that
caramel onion for you I didn't want to
do or on his birthday you know happy
birthday dad eat this
happy birthday dad hope it was a good
birthday for you I promise you your
presents coming I feel really bad
because he didn't have it but an awesome
fear will feel really bad because while
I was editing up the birthday video I
found out that the entire intro that I
made was just wiped out so we missed on
that opening a bunch of presents and
reading letters and introducing Tina and
it was all ruined I was upset so sorry
for people who didn't get their letters
rather their package opened on the video
I really do apologize for that
something happened with this maybe I
should get myself a new one as well so
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite and remember don't
forget kpop what is it like a black tie
and you watch my food follow me No
