what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here bridge west there and it is
Monday Monday Walking Dead was great
last night
that's all I'm gonna say for all the
people looking for spoilers I won't
spoil it for you
but it was good let's hope it's better
than recent seasons last season was good
I'll say oh I know right
last night was pretty good oh my
goodness we're about to witness a wreck
everybody I had to film just in case so
last night was pretty good it was a
decent episode of The Walking Dead
Frank went up yesterday that's pretty
cool so first things first is I'm on my
way to Dad's house right now
second is later on I'm gonna show you
guys some stuff that you'd be wanting to
see deleted scenes behind the scenes
footage and how this prank happened so
that's why I'm gonna show you guys we
don't see Graham we're gonna see my
grandpa I mean my father so we won't see
grandpa you'll see my Popoff so want to
way to dad's house right now the prank
is up I hope you guys watch it I hope
you guys liked it I'm proud of it it was
a hard prank to put together what II
know is so epic in it Tina was pretty
good my wife was like this lifeless
corpse so so here we go we're on our way
to grandpa's house happy Monday Monday
everyone I want to wish you a happy
Monday I'm trying to do the voice of
Cleveland my name is Cleveland Brown
I give up oh yeah bacon for president
where'd you get that
hey Dad Obama what bacon Pig no I'll be
he can eat bacon any a Muslim he's part
of I gotta I was joking
oh I think that's something right that
Muslims don't eat bacon no they don't
leave a kid
they don't partake in pig did I do in a
few minutes
hold my video I'm gonna show everybody
behind the scenes footage when Angela
Mike was filming the newscast
you get a bitch okay I'm still get in so
check this out you guys this right here
is Angela Mike some behind-the-scenes
footage
I'm the newscast what do you think eight
it was convincing their reports these
cannibals are often badly wounded and
scarf covered in blood great and this is
not dramatic pause you're just waiting a
second you're not like don't eyes bug
out or anything you're just listening
and cuz you know you got the radio
earpiece and then family kind of stammer
in okay good so that was a great read
through that's interesting it's actually
kind of ominous since yeah yeah so dark
I might put up a fight you might want
that I'm wondering you know okay I could
even do that yeah we're not necessary
gonna it's not don't worry about it now
because we're not necessary going to
have this exact set up I just wanted to
see the light yeah and how much light or
how little so yeah so now let's just
start getting a fill say something like
a Derek wanders a little something like
I got to get the hell out of here this
is too dangerous
what are you doing wearing two colored
ties what is that
Wyatt why is that they designed it it's
so weird I know
oh no I'm sorry let me interrupt this is
where I
wanted to add something in adhesive like
wanted to wait till here when do we
mention Ebola later they that'll come
towards the very end instead of all that
stuff about the t-virus with race
immunity bolas genius
yeah well it's work the guy worked it
into already scaring our target with it
so we're just learning of some of the
most affected areas are the cities of
Charleston Mount Pleasant Somerville and
all the Greater Dorchester County area
are heavily infested by the attackers so
that was behind the scenes footage with
anchor grandpa the newscast it was good
now it was good I gotta give him that he
did a good job if you guys want to see
the full video the full newscast the
link is below check it out subscribe to
Angelo Mike's YouTube channel he helped
us out
well helped me out didn't he worth shit
he helped you out that one day you
brought you Greek does have a heart
attacks it into there alright so tell me
what did you think what the walking dead
last night I don't watch it what I
didn't watch it why you love the Walking
Dead zombies what about them scared oh
oh come on did we score you that the
head I'm not watching it you're not
gonna watch The Walking Dead no you
scared me with the zombies now I'm
afraid of them do you mean to set your
DVR record it no accompany you've got to
watch the season don't wonder how they
got out of the train car a little care
now you don't tell me are you joking
with this I'm don't tell me I don't
wanna okay here's what they did I don't
want to hear it stop it no more talking
about zombies no more talk no more talk
about Ebola you mother
Ebola is not real I mean it's real but I
think is do nothing it's raisins people
from the dead
I'm really glad y'all did what you did
last night
why because I look like the rehearsal
sword it really does happen now we know
we got to do we gotta get that bad door
physically get out of it we're gonna
have a clear route to the band of
expensive the keys in the van you know
why you couldn't get out the back door
no I drilled it shut what your back door
breaks up into ease
I'd roll this out like a month ago oh
man well we gotta do that could we know
now we gotta have an escape route
dad they would be they will be at the
backdoor to if they were a reason no cuz
they just see me the first they were
good oh we can fix that back window we
go out the back winner is
I'll start parking of a light right here
and it was so now when they come we just
run out the back window and then the
band at the fuck out of here what do you
think you know we need to put some water
and food in the van and keep it there
all the time
no really that was a good thing I'm glad
you did it cuz now I'm getting a clear
plan or a survival mission that we can
actually survive that they're zombies
come to my house thank you god damn you
and we are a zombie apocalypse where are
you God I thought if we have again a
zombie apocalypse as well we will
survive because you you taught me like
oh you got me ready hallelujah that I've
seen the light I've seen the light I
know survival zombie apocalypse now
thank you Michael yeah I got it
thank you you gonna thank me me kick me
out yeah cuz you ain't gold me with the
goddamn zombie skills I'm going by
myself I don't need you what because
you're stupid you'll get bit turn into
what a whore a baby you drive me
motherfucker
ot like that man when it came down to
the fact I was ready to fucking go but
you you big badass slowed me down I
gotta be at that door in two or three
minutes and gone no you had to fuck
around
we had tired they're pretty job to give
and give it get their buddies to bite me
it was a prank I had to keep you in the
house that was a rehearsal you did you
don't realize I was pregnant what are
you saying right now do you think it was
a rehearsal for you I think you really
had a rehearsal cuz you wanted me to
make sure your daddy would take care of
as safe Danya my own where do you cut
get it I've been store my food all
that'll go with me see I got my backpack
and I'll put all my booze my backpack
and be ready to roll are you still
living in this room yeah I got a cou
now this is brother zombie and nobody
eats this is strictly so you've got a
freezer that you're dedicating to zombie
survival zombie survivor
gaieties double amount of road running
and if you look at my gas tank it's full
I don't care about if I go down the
street back I'll fill this through the
glove gob he'll give these spoiler miles
away they're gonna be everywhere I'm
gonna be ready get out of my damn house
you didn't win the goddamn zombies come
you stay the fuck away you know no way
you couldn't find your weapons yeah I'm
a house what could I throw at my house
that's all right how you doing I don't
need you when the zombies come already
well that's gonna be after that you guys
went over to Dad's house got wrestling
on the TV Bridgette went to get an MRI
done though it was where is experience
ever I'm willing to think for 10 minutes
25 Michael you could not do it I saw God
okay this is what they do you have to
lay on a bed a little tiny little bed
they strapped your shoulders they put a
blanket over your shoulders they stop
your head and then they slowly move you
into this little area that my shoulders
are touching I don't want to hear about
anymore why claustrophobic oh so it's
like freaked out tomorrow oh oh and the
top of it was like right here
I said I would hear about any more so
tomorrow bridge let's go get it done
again cuz they didn't work out or
something no no I get results tomorrow
anyways I gotta go weather first things
first if you guys want to see the full
newscast I uploaded it a bridges channel
the link is below uploaded it bridges
channel because it didn't fit for the
vlog I didn't want to upload in the main
channel dad wouldn't that would have
been pissed off I uploaded on his
channel so it's on bridges channel if
you want to check out the full newscast
check it out below also the link below
for the behind the scenes
tour of the new studio with Angelo Mike
that's below check it out
so all those videos are below so anyway
that's gonna be it for those asking no
that is not the only prank I got playing
this month I got a lot I got a lot more
planned so thanks for watching you guys
you should go over to mine did my little
prank like I bet he'll fall for it like
subscribe favorite Bridge OS and click
like if you wanted to do bridges prank
tomorrow what what oh okay guide click
the bridges just asked to do the prank
when I say click like you guys want to
see it I'm like pranking me or some shit
well why would you tell me tomorrow
click like if you want to see it it's it
should be funny I don't know if it'll
work as that doesn't have teeth and it
involves teeth but anyway click like if
you want to see it and if you guys want
to see it will do tomorrow so thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite and
that's it
was that cool wish me luck tomorrow
