what's going on you guys fellas happy
fella right they get me on a camera here
and yeah can't we get me okay and before
I say anything else tonight is the prank
so so for the past week I've been
preparing for a zombie apocalypse prank
when angry grandpa which calls for a lot
of stuff number one I got to contact
people to play zombies which right now
I've got about 15 so I might have about
15 Tom B's outside of Grandpa's house
tonight
number 2 calls for scaring them into his
room which as you see has happened and
worked so grandpa is now confined to his
bedroom number three
to give Angelo mic to record a news
broadcast for me so I have had a news
broadcast made I've edited with edited
with graphics and all this stuff so this
is gonna be you know hopefully this
warps because everything is in line for
it grandpa's afraid of the zombies I'm
gonna have a news broadcast I'm gonna
have some bees this should work so that
is my prank The Walking Dead prank
what's coincides with the debut for The
Walking Dead
tomorrow night on AMC hey let's go to
Party City or something it was of course
I'm gonna get blood I'm gonna get like a
severed hand so we're gonna go to Party
City in just a minute
just to get some last-minute stuff so I
can't tell you how excited I am
cause we execute right now I know any
being cute bill so get off me hey lazy
eye changes outfit today yes bill oh
they're all being cute I know
Oh
we just finished those on beep ray I
promised herb and I still believe
they're zombies no one is gonna make it
happen these are some of your fans this
is a fan of yours
hey who the fuck are you oh yeah baby oh
yeah
thank you you don't know about me I'm
awesome oh you all know who those around
here
maybe yeah that's the guy that broke
your phone and he was stole from how I
hate you brother I got it though I wanna
kill you all gave even doin remember I
don't want a slice your time hey you
swine's my - how you feelin pop Jesus
look at Karen you hit the bathtub huh
good
yes I got I was getting I thought the
goddamn my predictions were true there
was a goddamn Ebola I can't break out
and there's not even an air voice why
don't you get that shit down on the
Guardian TV oh man
Denzil Mike Angelou today yeah I'll get
your hands Angelou that's the lastly I
do Angelou like your ass is grass and
I'm the lion ah
so sitting here at dad's house got pizza
for everybody we fed all the zombies
take a look at all these drinks I bought
got dad a fridge full of soda now so the
zombie apocalypse prank chick and that
is not the only prank I got planned for
dad this with Oh Tina I'm recording from
vlogging say hello hey how you doing
Jesus Louie over her bra ped lollipop
the one she has so sitting here
so just sitting here did the zombie
apocalypse
Oh your mother will come to me I thought
goddamn bother what
hey dad look at all the blood on the
window I know I got a lot of cleaning to
do tomorrow or make your fat ass come
over you and do it goodbye goodbye well
then would you thank you both the blood
on my door if a call comes about 90 big
thing somebody got killed in here yeah
we'll get over here - I know I'm afraid
of you want to see something what we go
down the stairs noise I'm gonna show you
some of the some of the blood stocks
yeah like on my van
there's that of course okay so then we
got this oh my god blood blood you know
oh my god
come look at this you know I I'm gonna
get cool tomorrow when I'm out on Oh
this car is covering it oh here we go
come look right here oh my god Michael
you're gonna get me arrested
now here's what I don't think you've
grasped yet so let me explain some stuff
to you do you realize one that I made
the news report
no I didn't yes that news report you
watched that was me that was Angelo Mike
he was John McGee that Angelo Mike so
Angelo Mike helped it I did the ED
graphics now do you realize that stuff I
showed you about the Ebola zombies was
all bullshit remember laughs I
understand now you've been berry cool I
understand now goddamn it even
barricaded in your house and you were
part of this too
why were you part of this cuz it was
great you thought it was funny then yeah
it was great I had a great time
don't get angry girl boy boy hey you're
a boy again
get out of here Michael hey dad don't be
filming this huh you know me filming you
too why wewe Brangelina Jose jug you're
all shy and acting like a little boy
yeah yeah I'm not a little boy yeah I'm
not a little boy
stand up yes sir that's better grandpa
he's all man alright Michael good night
okay I'll see you guys tomorrow yeah oh
yeah
thanks Mike you know you got fake blood
on your lips you need I'm gonna go take
your bath right now Mike you have fake
blood on your lips wipe that off still
there all right goodbye Michael
we got papa good didn't we yeah laughs
Adam ha ha ha yeah hey Dad what you do
realize Tina's still in your house right
oh god I'm gonna get rid of her right
now so I'm leaving dad Tina's still here
what are you going home I feel like a
teen who's got blood all over her face
still to look at that well dad I'm gonna
leave you two alone
Freddie we can make another little
hangar grandpa oh my goodness goddamn
life John if you can't hand over a woman
goodbye my we'll get out go all right
you guys use protection 500 yeah am I
getting Bulova yeah your zombie might
fail he's gonna do it again oh yeah well
uh it is now the next day and the first
thing that I want to say is thanks to
everybody who helped with that prank uh
the zombies I didn't know all your guys
named some of you guys came with other
people but you know Ryan and his friend
and Tina and Tina's friends and you guys
killed it you guys were awesome I got a
lot more to show you guys from this
prank
you know Angelo Mike's gonna be
uploading some behind this theme stuff
I'm gonna use some of his behind the
scenes stuff in my vlog and I'll link it
back to him of course uh the next couple
of days we're going to upload the entire
newscast so you guys can see it so you
guys can see what grandpa saw so first
things first if
guys want to check out Angelo Mike his
link is below this guy is resourceful
man I needed that news footage uh and he
made it happen I you know I made the
comment was like yeah this'll air I'm
trying to figure out a way to do this
and he did it for me you know he had it
done and it worked out perfect it was
exactly what I needed so thanks to
Angelo Mike for that really appreciated
dude your link is below people click
that link check out his videos he's got
a lot of cool stuff so check it out he's
been over to our house so there's so
there's some videos with us with Angelo
Mike so thanks to Angelo Micra helping
out with that newscast greatly
appreciated came really in handy uh yeah
great you know he did a really good job
really appreciate all the support
there's some deleted scenes of course
that's going to come by next week like I
said the full newscast behind the scenes
footage from Angelo all kinds of cool
stuff coming so I appreciate all the
support you guys that was the aftermath
grandpa's birthday is coming up I
believe what is today's date and another
week or so something like that his
birthday is the 16th so we're going to
be doing a birthday mail bag some of you
guys been sending gifts and they're not
being touched or opened they are being
put aside and we're going to open them
on his birthday mail bag and a lot of
people keep asking me how can they send
something themselves so this is the p.o
box address stamped over my face you can
also find the PIO Box address by
clicking show more in the description I
have it in the description of every vlog
and that is the P o box if you want to
send letters or packages or anything you
want to send for grandpa's birthday and
then after the birthday we'll continue
with Monday mailbag so Wow
prank was awesome thanks for watching
you guys appreciate all the support you
guys share in the video it's awesome if
you have if you have not seen the
walking dead prank video that is also
below
click the link and that's it thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite bridges sleeping and that's it
