what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here bridge west outside she's
not here so bridge west is outside and
it is now Friday Wow
last night I didn't get the vlog up till
about 4 o'clock in the morning totally
exhausting I had to wake back up at 9 in
the morning I'm exhausted
I've been working all day it is now 4
o'clock in the afternoon and I'm not
doing anything on this Friday because it
is all about preparation because the
prank is coming soon within the next
three to four days so got to prepare for
that so that's all that's all today is
about for me preparing for the prank
speaking of preparing for the prank
while I was at dads last night I
recorded some extra stuff and I was
editing the vlog so fast so I can get it
up that I left some of that stuff out so
check this out this is some of the stuff
that I left out with dad last night when
he had barricaded himself into his room
hiding from the Ebola virus so check
this out Michael get out of my house you
know I'm not gonna turn into a zombie
what I ain't thought about that well I
couldn't be turning into one you don't
put it together these could be zombies
no yes people are rising from the dead a
graveyard yeah right there was a
graveyard for the whole you I stupid um
what about that graveyard in Georgia
where all the frickin graves were opened
up and people were climbing out of the
coffins like who shut up get out my
house so in a way you know you talk
about zombies I married one time when I
was little boy that witnessed funeral I
must've been five six years old and the
man came in and he was nothing he was so
thin never bones hanging out cheechee
bone he was like real pale looking he
and people betray God was way and and
and I thought he was a zombie too then
and that scared the hell out of me but
when he wanted when he walked to the
church to go to that funeral
who's he now I thought we're talking
about a dead person here no no we talked
about the man but he looked dead I
thought he was doing going to bury but
it was yet he looked dead to me like a
zombie didn't talk to nobody just walked
in so he's probably senile I think he
was a zombie because that's a funeral
nobody's seen him anymore he was gone he
died maybe he'd been dead before it was
just their visit
that was a bad storm I eat you should
see that man look did he hear mommy that
goddamn cowpoke two guys oh that's
creepy
yeah you're jittery he was wearing black
had a little bowtie or shit you know if
you guys want to know something really
creepy last week I told you guys the
story about this guy or that guy or
whatever as it turned out dad has been
dreaming of the same guy you should be
that picture and I had dreamed about
that same guy numerous times
hey you know I got a birthday coming up
right yes sir - yes I'm told you I'm
having people send stuff to you peel
boxes below they can ship your stuff and
I'm gonna get you some stuff when I have
a big party on video okay why aren't you
check my guarantee the mail but why
can't you check it could I leave a now
this is crazy
you got at least answer your phone
phones in there and I'm in here you
you owe me to bring your team no I'm
glad I'm bringing you dad I'm not gonna
Ezra dad you gotta stay in touch with me
I do god yeah pretty sure put it in my
shirt what put it in my hair put him a
jerk why I'll get all the germs off
just chill with Bridget hello Bridget
snake I tricked her I was a plank do you
that's real snake ah I don't know we
have weird sense of humor being big
person oeid things like sliding
everywhere I can't wait to bring down
with the snake when I can also can't
wait for the other prank I'm just
sitting you're Bella right now hey girl
give me that Paul give me that Paul
thank you you will see a snake this
Bella this is what you would do if
there's a real snake around
so if there's a real snake around Bell's
gonna try to link it to death
oh you're fresh now the snake so we're
about to carve bridges ghost pumpkin and
we all remember what happened the last
time we had a ghost pumpkin in the house
yeah now I have carved out okay all
right
Bridget are you ready to carve your
ghost pumpkin I am I am ready to carve
this a ghost of pumpkin and all right
here we go
carving the ghost pumpkin Bella wants to
see it happen Billy can't help well you
get the knife and you bite a hole into
this pumpkin okay this your neck the
extra guts inside this one now I
remember how hard it was for dad to
destroy this damn thing
shit as a way to time I'm gonna glow
swirl it's fine
I the one of Kim's better at a gun on oh
man
okay well that is not the mouth it is
make an extra cut or something she's
crying he gave up on this pumpkin no
okay
handles poppin now cuz excited about
this they all Bella says the go pumpkin
spooky
thanks Bella charge you know you should
have done what I told you to do use the
bottom as the opening middle you've just
said why did you just remind me I did
they didn't so the idea is instead of
cutting the top out you cut the bottom
that way it's easier to sit handle and
something all right
I'm outside where our runner back
here it is smell of pumpkin I like it so
there is the ghost pumpkin happy
Halloween it's real spooky happy happy
Halloween Halloween Halloween there you
go happy Halloween pumpkin heavy element
pumpkin well that's gonna be it for
today you guys happy Friday
the crickets or whatever those little
insects making those noises aren't
chirping they're saying goodbye good
little Friday what do you think we're
jit yeah right now we're just watching
Tales from the Crypt and he saw
Bridget's little ghost pumpkin you it
was it was cute it was a cute little
ghost pot turn out like shit but not
really I liked it
so anyway thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite read follow me
everything read what she's done yeah
thanks watching you guys like thanks for
watching you guys like it Facebook
Instagram like subscribe favorite so
that's gonna be afraid of you guys white
names what the big snake you're holding
what do you do with that oh all the way
for you to rot me again
so like subscribe get him Betsy so like
subscribe so you throw it that's why I
made the face damn it I can't wait to
pray dad with this thing why do that
already i I'm gonna do it after the big
prank snake says like subscribe favorite
and that's it
