what's going on you guys keep you on a
camera here gee-whiz get more annoying
by the day so it is throwback Thursday
which means tonight I'm going to tell
you guys a story but I'm going to tell
the story with dad eat up guys hi-yah so
I'm gonna tell the story with dad
tonight because he always tries that you
lied about me my authority so I'm gonna
go over to Dad's house I'm gonna do a
throwback throw store let off throw back
Thursday story gonna do throwback
thursday story about the time dad would
drop us off and cemeteries on halloween
night so we're going to tell that story
got some plans for the prank which is
why I didn't upload a vlog yesterday
because I had a lot of prank preparation
I had a lot of preparation today it is
going on midnight folks I'm going to
dad's house at 1 o'clock in the morning
he's probably asleep so it's going to
one o'clock in the fuckin morning go
over to Dad's house starting up the vlog
this late because I got prank
preparation which like I said is a
reason I didn't upload a vlog yesterday
so midnight starting the day which means
I'm gonna be editing this all night here
we go let's start our day bridge at
midnight wait how's my bedtime just say
going over to Dad's do you knew that
right let's get ready go to dad let's
get ready to go to - no coffee nope
alright
so I'm on the way to Dad's house right
now with Bridgette the main reason is
I'm gonna bother him but the main reason
is
one he's not interest I can phone him
over he's just flat not answering me and
two I gotta get the weapons out of the
house because when I do this prank he's
gonna go for some weapons you know and
he's gonna protect himself and now he's
not gonna have any weapons to turn to so
preparing for this prank here we go baby
going to dad's house and next time down
between answering my calls this prank is
gonna be it is baby I'm so excited
hey what what the hell man can't you see
I'm living in marubi okay you don't
answer your phone no I'm living in my
room now yes why cuz that damn Ebola
virus okay
there's just dated Vans killing people
and I don't want to catch the shit what
are the symptoms coughing sneezing
hacking look like the dead that's weird
I know it is well I don't know how true
this but I heard about a report in
Colombia but the Ebola virus to get
closer to Austin that's what I'm talking
about dude so as you see I'm living in
my room yeah I see that I mean you got a
case of fucking drinks you got a
crackers you're right I got everything I
need through a breathing treatment
baseball bat I got everything they've
all fat yeah anybody don't mean I think
they got a bum bust a minute what do you
do if you run out I don't know I guess
all if you bring it to me you bad that
if I get it hey those door that closed
shit I've got a really bad on you but
coughing all day dude dude please don't
do that
excuse me you do got your weapons in
here still right oh yeah there yeah
let's get a look at them I'm taking -
weapons from Amma I slut due date
because oh the prank he's gonna want to
kill people and I gotta get the fuck out
of the house oh my god
I'm just making she got weapons I'm
covered
all right you got two baseball bat I
know it one we can what one for eat and
se so anyway uh I love you too
I've had a fever all day Michael what if
you're sick leave now dad I'm not sick
it's not airborne oh you don't know that
oh honey what boy get on the road
hi oh I'm joking good will come out of
your room
oh I'm not coming up I wanted to tell a
throwback Thursday story with you today
opposite right if you were to talk well
what kind of for my store stop Thursday
story got any bad Michael how bad I
don't know what I'm Toby cuz you ain't
left the room it's so hot in here how
can he just go into your freaking
because I turneth if I turn there Jess
you going the filter system vote shit in
here that might had that damn Ebola in
it
uh-oh have you seen the video well here
you a video of the guy eating the guy
live on the bus no yep shit that was in
I don't know where Lexington County is
yeah if you got egged so two days
where is Lexington County that's how bad
Columbia are you serious yeah that's
what happened at fuck it is getting
closer okay what are we gonna do
can you give me some plastic tomorrow
tekmoto Melendez you want Vlasic I'll
get you some plastic bag and tape it
over one that way I like to wear line so
sitting here with sitting here with dad
he is but he's boarded himself up in his
bedroom because he's afraid of the Ebola
buyer I asked you to take her food don't
let it hurt you again
oh yeah I heard somebody dying from the
bird I know that I don't be wrapped up
damn bird
well that was in Somerville and happened
to the chicken thanks a lot Michael it
was a chicken at a Chinese restaurant
thank you Michael what'd I do I think I
need to just stick it out here with you
and we need to be thick as thieves you
know I gotta go to bathroom goodbye
get out on the ball
each five Baba you doors are open still
so you should take all these weapons to
bridge this car oh here help me okay
he's gonna come back take these I get
the ear take these I gotta get the bat
so I wanted to tell you a story and the
story I wanted to tell you I wanted to
tell with dad because he always said you
make up thought about me yeah you look a
you tornado is on me now I feel it
so I bite your ass it was a bunch of
years ago I think I was in the fourth
grade it was Halloween and dad had this
thing where he would take us
trick-or-treating take us to Pizza Hut
and we'd have a good family moment and
we'd go home that was our routine every
Halloween under that everyone bar today
I'm thinking everybody yeah yeah it was
the same Halloween actually yeah well
you farted in the front seat and we all
smelled it in the back of the truck yeah
I know we're talking about an open trunk
the back was open he farted and we
smelled it like we're then in the cab
with and I was driving however the story
I want to tell is do you remember that
of course you remember that Halloween
dad decided to be funny
so dad tells us he's taking us
trick-or-treating and we're done for
that we go to Pizza Hut we're ready to
go home
oh god damn I got one more place I want
to take your ass so we're sitting there
we're happy why my face yay
dad drives up to a cemetery and we
couldn't tell the time we're just
looking in our bags all right jump bail
and we're jumping out we're looking
around think about like some sort of all
food that's I'm sayin
dad drops us off at the freaking
cemetery and speeds off and there were
bags of candy out here oh dollars yeah
yeah candy it was our candy dad left us
here we are 10 o'clock 9 10 o'clock at
night
dad's dropping us off at a cemetery on
Halloween and didn't come back about 15
minutes so for that 15 minutes we were
freaked out it was just for kids me my
brother my sister my other sister and
we're sitting in this graveyard
makes you stronger and I'm pretty sure
that you weren't far away making noises
because I remember hearing noises in
that graveyard and it's KITT what are
you doing yeah nothin so we're sitting
there in the graveyard we're here mm-hmm
dad's obviously behind a tree somewhere
scaring us now you're gonna see I don't
care you were I was I was in bed
drinking a beer well dad dropped us off
at the cemetery so that's the story I
wanted to tell we went to retreat and
had a good night went to Pizza Hut as a
family had a good book it's like that
when to Pizza Hut as a family had a good
night on the way home dad dropped us off
at a cemetery for 15 minutes where he
began scaring us making noises behind
trees and headstones and he scared the
shit out of us and when he came back we
were so petrified that we didn't sleep
for the rest of the night and it was a
school night and I dunno you can't
divorce
you always did that's the other thing
that would always cherry-pick take all
the good shit you leave us with nothing
I think you don't candy corn yeah man
what's the what ass
oh my candy bars now I spend gems hey
you know I got a birthday cover-up right
yes to remind you yes i'm told you i'm
having people send stuff to you peel
boxes below they can ship you stuff and
i'm gonna get you some stuff when i have
a big party on video okay so that was
the throwback thursday story dad
abandoned us at a cemetery we were
children
yeah get out get out okay what i'm
joking i'm not really coming out of my
house now i'm not coffee front okay I'll
go too I'll count to three three
