what's going on you guys keep you on a
camera here and today is Monday and
there are feelings today Monday so today
is Monday uh usually we do the mailbag
blend days on mailbag Mondays but wait I
don't know what I said there usually we
do the mailbag Monday on Monday
obviously not gonna do it today for one
I've got to keep dad pretty much in his
house he doesn't want to leave because
of the Ebola zombies got to keep him
inside so we're not going to do another
mailbag Monday until his birthday
mailbag when we do like a party and he
opens up all the stuff you guys are
sending for his birthday so that's when
we're doing XML bag money sex with me a
Thursday mail bag so that's when we're
doing that other than that it's Monday
the shed is gone where the shed used to
be is now just this dirt patch and I'll
show you that I'll show you guys that in
just a minute last night was the vlog
where I gave you guys the big hint on
what my next prank is gonna be check
that app if you haven't seen it uh it's
not even like I gave you a big hand I
pretty much told you you know what the
prank is gonna be you film that's gonna
be coming to the next couple of weeks
I'll keep you updated on that when I do
it so I just got a lot of moving
elements working for it it's gonna be
you know it's so gonna be a lot of work
but I'm working on it now gonna make
sure I do it so last night grandpa had
two of the nephews
he adds himself he was going to do with
them and he brought two of them over
here and they asked me in bridge to do
some stuff with them so we took him out
had a good time with him took him out to
dinner took him to the movies went to
see Annabelle yes one of my nephews is
six and I took him to see Annabelle and
he wasn't scared at all it you know it
was crazy you know a lot of people go
you don't take kids to movies at what
that you know that age I went to movies
at age you watched movies at that age
you know y'all did it so just wanted to
have my you know show them a good time
I'll show you that footage in just a
minute I recorded a little bit I didn't
bring my camera cuz it was dead but I
did use my phone I shot some footage
I'll show you that in just a minute but
first let's go check out this
our pile so right here is where the shed
was it is now gone so we had a little
bit of cleanup to do some of the junk
some of the trash that's still there but
it's been handled it is gone no more
shed in the yard you can do something
with the space now
all right let's the other dogs axiom it
I just let himself out like didn't
something used to be here
we do girl
Hey go back
it's your boy you rolling around
these dogs just let themselves in bring
in your Clyde come here hi hey I want to
talk you can catch it again
hey hey fellas just chill in order honey
alright hey buddy
ready yeah buddy
uh uh let me get it out of here cut ha
let's go you ready
so I'm just sitting out here with the
dogs
we're just gone huh all right you ready
bridget is hanging out with her mom
today I got the dogs meanwhile check it
out here's the footage from yesterday
where I took my nephew's out so check
this out so we are at back to cafe with
my nephew which you've cited big will
you Pete pop is having a good time as we
are now we're gonna move that you that
bang that was that
come on John hit his fingers is our
child his humors as dark as mine
maybe so anyway we're here at fats cafe
gonna look some eat so J we'd see what
your steak
I'm so hey try mines then we scraped
plane bridges to go so for me yep
take care Paul I already see gun I'm
ready to see you animal
that boy waiting in that where face for
look Jimmy
Annabelle me Jimmy well so the movie was
really good up until the last 30 minutes
I'm not gonna sleep tonight
we didn't Jimmy you weren't scared at
all were you
he cover his eyes at all I was impressed
he was totally into it well he has my
arm a little bit but so no not a good
movie Jimmy see it is scary up until you
know last 40 minutes
jay-z loved Jason said he peed his pants
up on partner Jimmy you weren't scared
were you
Jimmy's a bigger boy than Jai see all
right well leaving the movies that's the
thing your foot well it's like I was
saying the ending was the part horrible
ending oh I'll put it down as one of the
worst endings in cinema history
dude it was as soon as I saw okay I owe
it I was like no because I was enjoying
the movie stupid why did they do and
ending can destroy a movie that's an
example of it so right when that
happened what I see why it has 30% of
Rotten Tomatoes because of the end the
ending but it was all good before you
have a good time buddy yeah okay so
Bridget is on her way home finally so
she has not yet seen the missing chef oh
you scared me and I'm gonna get it with
this little blurry will sit that right
there
yeah it's gone wow it's a little dark
I'm happy you enthrone the light cuz I
can't see anything this is the Hat
what Michael which one the light my goal
what oh man I was hyped up for that
who's ever really was a real snake oh so
smooth on my shoulder I'd be scared that
I'm Bridgette fake snake fail oh yeah me
alone you know if I was you I would have
put down all those roaches over there
click oh man
click like if you want me to scare dad
with this thing and I'll do I'm not
gonna do it this week I'll do it after
the other video that I got planned
so click like and I'll do it even if dad
knows it's fake he'll be scared of this
thing that's the thing about that even
all those fake snake pranks I've done
even after the video is done dude
they're gonna figure out of my health
even though he knows his fake he's just
terrified of snakes so even if he knows
his fake he'll still be scared so click
like if you want to see me do that and
I'll do it
so it's Monday wrestling's on about fell
over yeah we got total deep was on
instead of wrestling I don't even gonna
watch wrestling tonight you know I don't
DVR that way I can skip through the
horrible parts which mean I'm a fast
board till it's over
so anyway thanks for watching you guys
you saw the footage of us taking our
nephews out of the movies last night you
saw me playing toys with the dogs which
Bridget hasn't heard of or seen yet
I was playing frisbee with Clyde that's
right
that happened Bridget mystic did you
know that I'm a fan of you huh I
actually love waking up every morning
and watching our video Bridge is a fan
subscribe Bridget um I am so like and
subscribe to Bridget and I'm not saying
I'm not saying to her I'm telling her
like and subscribe on my videos so
what's that mean give Ana camera kb AC
kid behind camera so hashtag que BAC
baby thanks for watching you guys uh the
message that I said the other day still
still rains true you guys are fucking
awesome
you know I greatly appreciate everything
you guys do this feels very industrial
like I just got wires behind me like I'm
supposed to being like some boiler room
so now I'm a man that's man stuff behind
me so thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite I'm just gonna
talk right through her what she's saying
doesn't matter so I'm gonna keep talking
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite and that's it my
friend
nope
