what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here and I asked you a few hours
ago on the vlog if you want me to scare
bridge with a bag o roaches to click
like and you clicked like now I just got
the dog side of the bed because I don't
want them freaking out because she's
gonna freak out because she's terrified
of bugs it's time for Bridget to have a
cockroach waked up
so I'm sitting here with Bridget right
now I'm sitting here with Bridget right
now hey I'm vlogging say whoa lights
flickering 4:30
wake up it's 4:30 Bridget Bridget what
the fuck is that
won't you please let me in the room yeah
what if someone calls the cops what are
you sorry about I didn't see anything
they're fake okay our neighbors make
home thought it is way too early in the
morning for screaming blood-curdling
screams good morning the dogs down
stairs quite freaking out now that you
were blood-curdling screaming fucking
real
today we'll get down a pumpkin by the
way they feel about that that's a real
one actually on the wall okay so what do
we do about the neighbors at they call
the cops deny it help me get all these
you scatter them you did it you take it
out I gotta go to bed now okay I didn't
have this many so oh come on
well that worked i unexpected to get us
freaked out as you did gee whiz dude I'm
so fucking getting you I'm serious how
getting you it wasn't even that bad
hey as bad as the prank we got playing
on dad who cares I'm still gonna get you
bro bad oh Jesus how about wake up doc
time for me to go to sleep now know
what's going on you guys
Kippy Hanna give me something just
kidding a female shit
oh you sprayed the camera oh this is my
favorite stuff why because it's October
pumpkin man I'm sick of it
Oh Michael I should have done that Chum
that oh my god you guys smell like me
yeah okay
so happy Saturday everybody today we're
going over to Dad's house and we're
bringing with us a little surprise
pumpkins that's right
Bridgette how did you like people to
wake up I'm gonna get you back just no
dude I'm really good thing is you saw
the roaches you picked them up in
yesterday's vlog fucking real look at
this this is so fucking real this is
Bridget picking up the roaches what yes
members like the fake Nagi but yeah so
Bridget's terrified of fake roaches I'm
terrified of fake bugs bugs I hate
anything like that so we're going to
dad's house first we're going to stop at
a pumpkin patch somewhere and we're
going to get some pumpkins for grandpa
to carve baby this is our annual pumpkin
video we're leaving god no give up hey
Bridget can dog eat pumpkin
no they won't you also you giving Han
out of some pumpkin I don't eat it why
won't you cuz I'm gonna do it so you
want him to shit all over your floor
give us some pumpkin no thank you so
leaving dad's house right now did the
pumpkins I'm exhausted
we won ease man he built a gun during
the video okay is there any on my
backwards shoes
oh man well is it safe to say you're
done with pumpkins for a year for a
whole year don't bring them next year
next year you're getting for pumpkin
we'll see all right
nothing every year you doing I'm adding
a pumpkin why good as funny it'll make
it funnier you can kiss my ass make a
pumpkin pie and a long gone goodbye
Michael
but you're happy pumpkin day yes well
here we are back at the house
obviously as you can see the pumpkin
video is not in the vlog today reason
number one is because what time is it
right now oh god it's late and you know
I have all this footage to sort through
I got to get a vlog up so I'm gonna put
the pumpkin video up tomorrow and with
that I'm gonna put the aftermath in
tomorrow's vlog because I don't know
what I'm using for the pumpkin video etc
so all of that stuff's gonna be tomorrow
let me just say messy messy loud and I
slipped a bunch of times because that
was the slippery that's the slippery
that was the slipperiest that doesn't
sound right to me
the slipperiest I've never felt his
floor so damn slippery how about that
does that work so because I'm not
putting the video up today and there's
nothing in the vlog let me just show you
a couple of Clips first let's show you a
clip from the pumpkin video itself check
this out
now funky and I don't got good God and
then check out this preview from the
vlog for tomorrow with the aftermath
footage where I decided I was more
trying to a moonwalk check this out hey
why do the moonwalk probably tell me it
is freezing cold out here right now it's
50 degrees I got like a little clothes
for my face was like it's 50 degrees so
anyway it's cold out here I'm ready to
go inside and bundle up Oh first before
I do that I gotta show everybody the
shed so we had that shed and you notice
I'm using the past tense we had that
shed on Yardbird you gonna come with me
cuz I'm terrified so let's turn this on
we had a guy come over today and tear
the fucking shut down our neighbor our
neighbor was like surly because I hate
that shag so us too so we're taking the
shut down let's go look at it right now
oh god right now okay you're gonna scare
me so right now it's in pieces he's
coming back tomorrow when finishing it
up but this is the shed or what used to
be the shed we hated that shit I want to
put a pool or something out so I'm
scared to walk around this is you can't
really see it right now but this is I'm
not wear my glasses no right anywhere
right there whatever was stepped on a
nail
so this is the top to the shed right I'm
scared so and don't think I didn't see
those little fake rats you bought at the
Halloween store I saw you get me when a
fake rat yeah those look at this usually
Jews are good no no let's look at it she
won't try to get me with this like I
wasn't gonna see it in the bag there it
is this is what she tried to prank me
with not gonna work
sorry Bridget you know it might have
worked if you had it out there by the
shed just now probably shit my pants but
it didn't you didn't didn't work not
afraid of this thing saw it and that's
gonna be it for today you guys
appreciate you know you guys watching it
appreciate you guys clicking like
yesterday to tell me you guys wanted to
see Bridget get fake rope just thrown on
her starting tomorrow I'm gonna start
giving information released for you guys
on the next prank it's my biggest prank
that I've ever pulled and to do it
successfully I've had to get dad off
line his computers in the shop his cell
phone cannot connect to Facebook yeah I
took all the measures he's not gonna be
able to get on the internet because you
know I got a lot of other people
involved in the prank and I'm afraid
something might leak and I you know I
can't take the chance so starting
tomorrow you'll see the hint it'll be in
the aftermath footage that's all I'm
gonna say you'll see it it'll be plain
and clear when you watch the aftermath
footage where I'm going what the prank
is gonna be it's gonna happen in about
two weeks so dad is gonna be off of the
internet for two weeks so fingers
crossed it'll be my biggest prank to
date my biggest scale prank today that
you know go big or go home and I figured
you know you know be on the second half
of October it'll probably go up after
his birthday so why not
do something good so dad's off the enter
for the next couple of weeks thanks for
watching you guys thanks for always
being there thanks for you know thanks
for the support and giving us to even
allow me to do a prank that I'm gonna be
doing in the next couple of weeks you
know that alone is really awesome I hope
you guys love it you know in my head
it's good you know it's got a lot of
working elements to it it's gotta work
perfectly I'm hoping that's but I hope
I'm gonna pull it off I do not want to
call it a fail
I do not cuz it's my favorite idea I've
ever come up with so you'll see it
tomorrow you will get the idea you'll
know where I'm going and thanks for
everything you guys may be sound a
little emotional I am a little emotional
because you know even with the hate and
the shit talk in the comments which
trust me you know try as you might it
doesn't bother me you know a lot of
people michael hope you're disgusting
you're a slob it doesn't bother me
because either way I appreciate the
support but there's negative support
whether it's positive support I
appreciate it nonetheless you guys are
awesome you share the videos you like
the videos you tell your friends look at
this fat book you know look at this
angry old man and I appreciate it you
guys are fucking awesome so thanks for
always being there thanks for sticking
and this month is gonna be fucking
awesome like subscribe favorite and
that's it
