what's going on you guys Kip be on a
camera here so as you're driving on the
rivers Avenue and right now we are on
our way to the mall over here and we are
planning some pranks today is the day
we're planning for some pranks for
grandpa this month got a lot planned
hold on I'm terrified as we drove good
god anyway we're going to North Woods
Mall so here we go yeah like this is
embarrassing to show our North Woods
mall I know this is our ball why can't
we have a destiny so here we are at the
mall our piece of crap mall yeah you
know I liked it before I know I did too
now I want a pink store this was a very
good mall up until the time we went to
Kim's mall now this mall sucks yeah
anyway - mall
this is Thursday throwback Thursday
gonna have another story for you tonight
that's not weird gonna have an eternity
in it but I have another story tonight
for you guys talk about that in a minute
it's Halloween month so figure why not
make it a Halloween story so happy
Thursday happy throwback Thursday now
let's go to the mall and plan for some
pranks well here we are at halloween
Express excited Bridget
I love the store I did too
for this
yes it's a good idea right yeah
getting lots of stuff for pranks in here
right now a halloween Express couple for
Bridget so good stuff this is a my first
stop in one of my pranks I got a lot two
places to stop at so number one how
I just look good enough there was stiff
I need like a rubber receipt I may have
someone over there the rubbery one yeah
better
well we are now leaving the Halloween
express we got some stuff for pranks
open the door
excited oh yeah just getting some
preparation going well there you also go
to us
no no donut nothing wrong
pumpkin spice cake oh hell no where's
with you not liking pump I don't like
buggins why cuz you look like one when
you smile let me tell you one goddamn
thing right now you saw the picture
since you're right yeah I did
so where was your mama Tina I'm not
putting up with it haha anyway she is
here though she's upstairs well shit I
gotta leave
I'm not joking my mum she's sleeping I
leave let me wake her up I'll help I'll
believe it
JC go to upstairs and go get ma'am no
Katie said your ass down
yeah she said she said she'd be done in
a minute oh fuck I gotta go no hey Mike
she heard pop she said she can't wait to
see him she better Mike we're gonna go
year that I gotta go Mike good goop hey
I'm joking dad she's not here
so the door I'll believe this goddamn
house and a New York blood thing up here
here she comes
no I come on mom I'm choking oh oh but a
while away I'm a nurse
Oh oh hey there I got braces up here now
Oh God pickle achieved got white uh-huh
let's see here
horns this is from Joe Hill who was
actually Stephen King son the movie
comes out soon I heard about it from a
friend of mine named Jim he was telling
me to read the book horns so I got it
and I also got you might remember me
from the life and times of Phil Hartman
so a book on Phil Hartman also horns
he's like Bridge of God best ghost tales
of South Carolina
Charleston ghosts so we're just chilling
around the house little day oh yeah
these were the glasses that came with
those braces so this is what I would
look like as a nerd also this is what I
would look like as a nerd
okay you guys was excited picture for
this bone these dogs writing some
special bones
well these each was dinner oh he's a
slow eater you know my girl so we got
them some special t-bones today and they
go enjoy them Oh all together
hey that cool so do you see there are
these frosted cranberry covered bones
you see that chief don't worry you will
get it promise you I promise you're
gonna get it ready yes there you go good
take it over to me these ones here okay
so we were going to put the nerd glasses
and teeth with braces on Brigitte now
hey guys you see some afterwords that's
a little better than that what given to
me so you can see this you don't know
how to put these on I try you - yeah my
teeth are like little or my mouth is all
or some shit my gosh cuz if this doesn't
work out like grab your turn y'all you
oh gosh yeah I'm wearing forever all
right
Charleston guns that is boy Bridget oh
that thing is creepy
that is a creepy mask dude so oh there's
one of the masks we got at the Halloween
store today amande you have insidious
wonder dad yeah so anyway watch the
stuff plan for this month we got a whole
bunch of good stuff here hey so hey well
it's October and Thursday which means
gonna be my first throwback Thursday
story and because it's October I wanted
to do spooky ones ooh Halloween format
Thursday why you can't see me
so for the first throwbackthursday of
october i wanted to tell the story of a
dream and you're probably thinking oh
what a dream just bear with me listen to
it tell me what you think so first
things first Bridget has long trying to
suspect me being the sidekick I don't
believe in psychics they don't exist
psychics don't exist I have predicted
stuff that I can't explain I have a
notebook where I've predicted stuff uh
but that's not important
so anyway pretty cool she's gonna tell
anyone but since you did now I can
elaborate how cool it is why do I don't
want to give this specific because
because their names and their stuff and
I don't wanna bring it up
so Bridget longs believes that I'm a
psychic I don't believe in psychics
sometimes god I've gotten some things
right having said that the very end very
first instinct of anything that could be
considered psychic happened to me when I
was a kid uh I can't I couldn't tell you
how old I was you three what time it is
for me 9:30 I'm called dad real quick I
asked him I'm an ass dad what year
grandma moved to that house
all this will make sense for the story
in a minute hey buddy what year did
grandma green move into that house at
Swansea good lord
Michael you were you were four or that
don't sound right yeah four or five no
you were six
you just started school so I was about
seven years old and my grandma moved to
this house in Swansea South Carolina is
this little town or farming area however
before she moved I was having these
dreams and I was having him throw for
about six months almost every night the
same dream very creepy I didn't know
what it was about what it was explaining
but I was terrified to go to sleep
sometimes so I was about seven years old
so the first stream that I had was me
sitting on this on the front porch a
head deck and I can see there were
leaves everywhere in there trees and
across the street there was a farm and I
could see rolls of hay and at the top of
the driveway there was a guy and he was
just standing there the whole dream
staring at me just at the front of the
driveway just standing there the next
night I had the same dream only the guy
was a little bit closer now this
continued every night I was having this
dream where the guy would get a little
bit closer I got to the point where I
could see the guy he had brown hair and
he had this look gonna say he's like and
he was getting closer and he was getting
closer it got to the point where he was
at the front of the steps there I am on
the porch looking at this guy friend of
the remainder of my dream and he's
staring at me and the dream was
horrifying because you know who wants to
dream about some guy just like staring
at you and so I had it was nightmares I
could I you know I didn't know how to
explain know what it was I didn't know
you know why I was having the room I
didn't tell anybody I was just scared to
go to sleep then my grandma gets this
little house in Swansea though when I
was referring to earlier she gets the
house we go to it we're checking it out
I go to the front porch
and it is the front porch from the dream
us the same porch same trees farm in the
front yard it was the area it was the
house I had no I still don't have an
explanation for it there was no guy that
part I can't explain that I don't know
but the guy was never there I never saw
the guy I never you know came in contact
with the guy I don't know what it was
but I saw the front porch I was there it
was the front porch for my dreams and I
never had the dream again but the idea
that I was dreaming about a porch that I
had yet to visit and then I got to it
and then stopped having the dream I
can't explain now like I said I don't
believe in psychics I'm not a psychic
maybe it was some sort of thing where
you know I don't know regardless you
know there's an explanation somewhere I
don't have the explanation if you have
it tweet me the explanation let me know
why I was dreaming about some guy at a
porch that I had yet to visit because I
don't have the explanation it's still I
still remember that dream sometimes
because I can still see the guys you
know the guys face
but anyway huh that's going to be it for
today you guys that's my first throwback
Thursday story for October uh thanks for
watching I hope you liked the story if
you did in my apologies I'll have
another one next Thursday uh that's it
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe what what well you've already
brought it up that prediction team and
then like a week later I don't know what
you're talking about okay so he had you
know Michael Jackson and he was in a
beautiful little garden and he said liz
is going to be here soon and then she
fucking died like a week later Elizabeth
anyway Michael you're seriously a
fucking sight I had a dream luckily I
told Bridget about the dream I had a
dream uh there was this little garden
Michael Jackson was in it and he was
saying Oh liz is gonna be here Liz I'm
so excited and like a week later
Elizabeth Taylor died but anyways I'm
not psychic I don't believe in psychics
it's just a coincidence oh it's a
coincidence
oh but anyway that's the first
throwbackthursday story maybe wasn't
creepy enough it's creepy to me that's
why I'm telling ya because you know all
for mumps I was having dreams of some
guy please have another scary psychic
dream I love you that's it for lay you
guys like if you think Michael's a dream
like subscribe favorite click like if
you're not gonna follow Bridget oh
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite and that's it that's
it
