what's going on you guys keep me on the
camera here and right off the bat it's
not click wait okay me and Bridget
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here right here and guess what
guys right now you guys need to know
right off the bat that the title of this
vlog is not clickbait Bridget threw me
out of the house I know and for good
reason no I don't think looks for good
reason it was her amazing reason I
apologized how many times up your ear
little apologies bring out my phone okay
and now I feel like I have no choice but
to spend the money for a new phone I
don't want to do that let's just tell
them what happened okay I've already
apologized maybe you should leave again
please stop kicking me out of the house
if they come back with the guys today
today a Saturday today I'm back home but
last night Bridget threw me out yeah
let's talk this whole vlog you guys is
gonna be a little bit of reenactment
mixed with real footage mixed with why
did you throw me out Michael wouldn't
you throw me out we could have talked
about it let's be honest here I want to
throw you out right guys last night I
made a huge mistake
and I've apologized to Bridget for it
we're clearly breaking up over for
tonight look guys it's not out of the
realm of possibility that we break up
over this okay and I take full
responsibility I'm trying to I don't
want to break up I just want you to get
your anger under control we're gonna
look into it guys right last night our
breakup story begins just like every
other breakup story for tonight
yeah no Bridget got an invitation to
Fortman and Michael is beyond jealous I
want to play for tonight mobile as well
and you hog the phone but can I play it
I want to play for my model too
so Bridget plays like an hour but can I
try fortnight mobile but I played one
brown okay
touch my phone okay I think it was more
than one round but it's one round well
either way I wanted to play okay now I'm
playing fortnight mobile and I lost
because you're a sore loser I'm a real
sore loser now I'm in a lot of pain guys
I lost four times in a row 149 the last
time I was number two hmm and I was
angry so I took the phone and I slammed
it and I broke my own toe in the process
show me this toe bro show me the toes
sure okay so da get on it
sure thing let's compare it to the other
foot god I can't even use my foot to get
it off camara hmm look at this yeah your
phone did that to me you did to yourself
my toe feels broke my innocent phone
didn't do anything to you
so because the phone broke my toe
this happened Michael what are you doing
bro seriously your phone almost broke my
toe what's just more important my phone
did my foot Michael you should have done
max I'm sorry Michael stop
and because of that for some weird like
reason Bridgette decided to kick me out
because I was throwing her phone with a
barbed wire bass blog as I'm saying it I
get it yes but she kicked me out yes get
out don't I got a chance to explain No
how about I felt everything hi how about
we don't fill Vista you need to get out
you're angry she was out of control I'm
sorry okay let's just go run and talk
just get out
you got me really seriously yes just for
a day or so you broke my phone over
again so let's go to Verizon it's open
still no money on a damn phone we
probably have another one then give me
yours
I need my give me yours you can have the
cracked one mind you I can't drive
so when Bridget throws me out of the
house I gotta call the nuber okay now
the uber driver picks me up and I'm
complaining his ear off Oh Bridget did
this to me I'm so mad I'm sick of this
I'm leaving
we broke up I was texting her I'm done
with you and then with the uber driver
drops me off at the hotel he's like
you'll kind of get a picture man I
vented to the uber driver and he was a
fan and he got a picture so it was nice
job babe I'm sorry dude what are you
gonna stop screwing up I don't know I
realized it this morning guys I get to
the hotel I go to sleep I ignore all the
text messages from Bridget I wake up and
I realized that I'm wrong I broke her
phone I've got serious anger issues that
I've got to work on I said things to
Bridget that I shouldn't have said I was
rude and I'm sorry okay I realized at
the hotel that I was wrong rejected
accepted what's going on you guys keep
you out of the camera here
and know the title is not clickbait
right off the bat last night me and
Bridget got into an argument it was just
a it was a stupid argument and I let my
anger get the best of me and Here I am
sitting in a hotel because I just I
didn't want to stay there I'm working
out I got I said things that I shouldn't
have said Bridget I I'm sorry I should
have stayed that should have worked it
out but instead I left you know when
you're saying in a hotel there's always
one thing you can count on being there
for you the remote control for the
television you always hear about people
secretly recording you and hotels and
some goodies about them and I notice
there are no screws in this and this
thing just comes off so I'm filming just
in case there's a camera geez bro
it's scary were they filming me I don't
know were they not filming me I don't
know they could have been maybe I'm just
maybe I'm just freaking out right now
yeah
I shouldn't have left I shouldn't have
done what I did last night I shouldn't
have been so mean and then I left
without working it out
now I'm just here
kids don't make stupid decisions and you
won't end up like me and a hotel all
alone hell okay check it out so if
you're wondering how Bridget's phone's
doing it's shattered okay
look I messed up I broke it up Oh open
Twitter because you could really see it
it's cutting my fingers open yeah my
finger tips of shards of glass in them
okay yeah okay it's a lot worse on
Twitter yeah so it's broken and I'm
sorry just like my heart don't we made
up I apologized
I admitted I was wrong and we're gonna
look into some sort of like anger
counseling something I don't know what
else am I supposed to do fornicate
fornicate uh-huh
okay that's all you had to say okay just
watch my foot see how bad it is oh my
god I'm sorry but I don't have any
sympathy fruit actually Wow that's
disgusting oh my phone screwed you up
dude if there's a such thing as karma
I felt it last night the universe was
speaking okay let me paint a picture for
you hi throw her phone it breaks my toe
I break her phone she kicked me out of
the house I go to the first hotel it's
sold out I go to the second hotel it's
sold out I go to the third hotel it's
sold out I had to stay in a fleabag
motel where I was afraid I was getting
bedbugs at night you probably have
bedbugs karma is real
oh I fully believe in karma huh so
that's what our night was like you guys
that's why this blog is going up late
because I screwed up and I apologize
Bridgette okay I admit I was wrong I'm
sorry too so Bridgette threw me out of
the house you guys I'm sorry that you're
such that's all I'm saying am I still
kicked out or can I stay here tonight
Michael we made up well I don't know we
made up I think well I've apologized
you haven't specifically told me I could
sleep here tonight obviously you could
sleep here tonight
well I'm sorry I'm sorry too I'm sorry
that I got the invitation and you did it
that's not why I was mad I was mad
because of my toe no you're mad at the
game right by that I shattered your
phone because your phone broke my toe
have a look at this again okay you know
pain disease is gonna come off okay I
can't lie okay how about this will this
make you feel better touch it okay I'll
feel some beer please okay you know how
much pain it was to get started on sock
this morning I want to talk to the hotel
oh my gosh I'm sorry so that was our
night you guys we almost break up
we almost broke up over fortnight I
broke my toe i shattered her phone with
a baseball bat
and I'm playing for tonight tonight just
not on my phone okay guys I am getting
my co an ice sock okay this isn't
working out as well as I thought it
would Michael they've got to mmm this is
just cold sorry
well that's gonna be a fair today you
guys thanks for watching I realized it's
a short vlog but you guys there almost
wasn't a vlog at all because me and
Bridget broke up last yeah we totally
forgot we really did like guys we both
agreed that it was over and I'm sorry
for that I don't think it's I don't
think it's over either Bridget I just
gotta get my anger under control yeah
cuz angry you are the more angry I get
and it just gets real bad it escalates
so guys not clickbait she threw me out
of a house and we broke up last night
how is you say it horrible guys in the
car Michael confessed to me that no
where I say that stay I want you to say
it one day without Bridget my world fell
apart okay oh I look like hell warmed
over I know I picked him up guys and he
looked a rough as how guys we're gonna
try to work on this fighting it's just
you know we barely fight that thing
we're in a great relationship but not
last night we was noise last night our
morals were thicker guys we're getting
out of here like subscribe favorite
month everything does we're done I'm
just kidding
