I gotta film this for Kim okay so this
one Wow
they have a dough man oh no no I don't
know where we are folks
oh there's people up there
what's going on you guys keep me out of
camera here vigil is here right there in
today is Sunday today is Sunday and you
guys lately every vlog that we've been
uploading for the past like week
I've always started off with bad news
and so unfortunately for today we got no
bad news guys today angry grandpa is
coming home yes I can't coming home I am
so excited guys for the past like couple
of weeks we've been telling you that
it's coming it's coming and I didn't
know it was coming this soon we were at
the hospital about 15 minutes ago we
rushed over here because we got to get a
lot of stuff done before he can come
home while we were there the nurse came
in and they said yeah he's talking his
the 1d levels are good his blood sugar
is good he can come home and we were
like oh wow when today are you serious
today as soon as like right now so right
now they are packing his stuff they're
getting ready to take him home and
that's what today is dad I love you
welcome home this is welcome home
grandpa oh my gosh I'm so excited to see
you guys this is a totally like
unexpected I didn't know what this blog
was gonna be before we started it I
didn't think it was gonna be this we
spent the whole day at the hospital now
we're home vlogging getting ready for
grandpa I love it forget everything else
let's get this day started grandpa's
back girl's back style
Colin's I'm not gonna actually film
grandpa today you guys you know even
though he's really good right now he's
still not a hundred percent and I
promised him and you guys that I
wouldn't show him and that kind of a
position he wants to be film because I
good to carry me know I was like dad I
can't I can't do it I don't want to like
have people remembering him as looking
sick and if he doesn't if he doesn't
look sick I'm gonna film him but if he
does have any instance where he still
looks like he needs some time then
that's what I'm gonna do you guys and I
know you guys respect that and like I
love you guys for that but to show you
guys that he does still have that
you know dark sense of humor that he's
always had we're at the hospital about
two hours ago we're all just sort of
sitting there he's sleeping we're
watching him sleep Ross standing over
the bed and he opens his eyes and the
first thing that he says when he sees us
is what the hell is this my wake
which cuz if you don't know the wake is
when you have a funeral and the person
is and display for everybody to watch
right and that's what the hell is this
my wake and that we all burst out
laughing that it's good to see that you
still have that wicked like horrible
like dark sense of humor I got it too
I've got a horribly dark sense of humor
you guys you have no idea I can't show
it on the vlogs because people start on
subscribing right because I got such a
crazy weird sense of humor but anyway
that's why I wanted to tell you first I
wanted to tell you that you know we're
not gonna film him today hopefully in
the coming days hopefully like next week
for Sunday dinner you know he'll be good
as new but until then I didn't want to
film him but like I also wanted to
remind you that he is still there he's
fighting he's you know he's killing it
and he's still just as funny as he ever
was so dad I'm gonna see you very soon
I'm waiting to hear from Jennifer that
he's all good to go then we're gonna
head over to grandpa's house now that
grandpa's officially coming home I
wanted to take a minute to plug the
merchandise again because guys there's
no better way to welcome grandpa home
than showing him those Twitter pictures
of you guys wearing the merch and that's
what I want to do I can't do it today
obviously because you know merchandise
takes time to ship but if you get it
before Christmas and you take some
pictures in it send it to us on Twitter
because I'm gonna be showing grandpa
guys the merchandise is available I've
got the giveaway going on on verified
giveaway calm for the Amazon gift cards
guys both of those links are in the
description below
what you saw his home day just takes me
he told now yes we are here first
grandpa is home right now we're going
over
we have to go to five guys because he
wants a big greasy cheeseburger he wants
a big greasy cheeseburger cheeseburger
he hasn't wanted to eat in days and now
he wants to eat a cheeseburger he's
happy to be home guys we're going over
to grandpa's house we're going over to
five guys let's go get some burgers
where's your mom at bathroom she's been
taking a dump like two hours sandy so
nice did not do that let's just leave
her bridget is so disappointed right now
you guys he's pretty upset
she took the long way to five guys just
so she could see the downtown wipes yeah
I love a downtown line and there are no
they've not decorated for Christmas yet
yeah what is this I know what is this a
little theater yeah have I told you I've
always wanted to do like my old musical
you have told me that i-i've always
wanted to like a play music ah is that
funny he's trying to sell I can't see
her I'm covering this lens she's
insulted my dream what's going on oh the
child locks send me stuck in the car all
right sandy we'll be back okay bye sandy
yes ma'am it's too dark to film that's
why I opened the door we just got the
five guys time to get grandpa burger he
said a greasy burger we chose five guys
yes all these
I can already feel my heart stopping -
minorities skipping beats just wait
palpitations just by smelling yeah yeah
go see grandpa
ready guys spin it okay all right spin
change of plans everybody grandpa did
not want his five drivers leaders all
day he's miss anyone's a greasy burger
now the first thing he said is that he
wants scrambled eggs and grits and so
Cindy's making birds from scratch like
everything that's out then you don't
know how to make Chris Rose we get to
walk he throws against the wall so
grandpa is officially home you guys I'm
not gonna fill them obviously you know
he's still down and out because of the
ammonia but hopefully in another week or
so we'll be able to fill my bar right
now you just okay why are you just
walking around the ps4 you just taking
everywhere you go yeah he's very
protective he's got a hundred dollars on
us we like keeping it yeah he's dirty
very predictable I'm pretty cool a
little black light down there and it
changes color you put this light on it
look how how does this work how science
bitch leave this let's see how long
you're taking for the whole thing
purport this is insane how I want to
know how Johnny how'd you know what it's
all legit Bridget okay dude this is like
alien this is alien technology yeah
hello that is so cool where'd you get
this
for $2 dollars that $2 with difference
made oh that was awesome
okay yeah that's a grandpa turned down a
five guy cheeseburger for this and
what's all the grits
Jonathan used like his little black
light thing on this what is that bacon
bits is it strawberry red-eye gravy
country ham so that must be country
scrambled eggs grits you would talk well
grandpa yeah but having a good time yeah
I already view advice with you yeah I
might have overheard something yeah geez
JC's got a girlfriend yeah and I think
you just had to talk man
being that nobody wanted the burgers we
decided it war Pizza unfortunately this
is what we're drinking either because
they don't have it cops in the house oh
it works though she just she just does
the fries from the five gum his cup do
you buy the drink out of this this is
the cook the fries cabinet like this
what happened to the cops it's just
smart though why didn't we do this like
I'd rather drink out a measuring cup to
drink out of a grease soaked and that's
all okay that's true the soap is also a
lovely thing for our dish so what are
you out of everything well let me know
when you're having poor your glasses I
can this just bad I got one I got 3/4 of
a cup Pepsi okay Cheers
hmm I'm thinking three for silica belt I
cup icon like Y out for would wake up I
don't get it it spell it spell the
lunders spell the word I cup yeah I see
you P yeah ocean ocean ocean where we
teaching these children what else you
got come on hit me with something I cup
NASA nobody's buzz spelling I see you
penis alright I do not like the ICU P
joke we taught it to you Oh your friend
what's his name phone calls parents I'm
not about you
where did you hear the joke I learned
that from Izzy - right
well what youtuber I forgot his name but
he doesn't call of duty videos ok
attention call of duty community I have
to have a specific word with you could
you please block my nephews from viewing
your content because they they're
learning horrible things okay worst joke
in the world this is a wholesome
upbringing environment okay pretty
insulting no seriously it's okay we
don't like big guy once again Bridget
has decided to take the long way
somewhere because she wants to look at
Christmas lights oh my gosh
there's not gonna be enough people doing
their houses up that is very nice it's
so cute that is very that's adorable
nobody would see it though Sunday we
would see I mean nobody I was gonna say
nobody drives my house but god that's
true you're alive people drive by that
we're slamming a breaks over
look at that the killers don't just stop
in front of people's houses okay are you
really looking out the windows like who
the hell is that she's slamming a bricks
every house in oh my god please drive
this is like a private neighborhood
somebody's gonna pull up in a golf cart
and he's gonna like arrest us
oh I see light from the distance okay
wait a minute
even I want to get out to look at this
one porch dude I'm getting out for this
one I'm gettin outta see this dude I get
it you're better than me I gotta film
this for Kim okay so this one Wow
they have a dome man oh no no
I don't know where we are folks oh
there's people up there
Oh God
I'm rich I'm not joke you ripped my arm
off I'm done
we're home you guys gonna be getting out
of here that's gonna be it for today
what up long but very fulfilling and
rewarding day I didn't think that this
day was gonna come but dad's home so
guys that's gonna be a thanks for
watching number one you pranked me again
I did why is what about how excited we
are that girl's home I will get to that
but first wanna talk about how you drove
off on me like five minutes ago okay it
was really funny
yeah there were people I was afraid I
don't know what was going on it is what
it is
thanks for watching you guys happy
December remember smack the link below
and you could join up on that contest
over a verified giveaway to win one a
five $100 amazon.com gift cards check it
out the link is below thanks for
watching you guys had a pretty good day
dad I love you it was great like talking
to you and I was it was a good day
today was a very good day thanks for
watching like subscribe
everything to us that's it
I love you guys so much
you
