what's going on you guys queue behind a
camera here right there and today we're
gonna prank angry grandpa excited about
this so we decided that we were going to
do a pinata filled with fake blood mm no
that was not your idea uh so first
things we're gonna do is we're gonna go
to Walmart or Target or somewhere we're
gonna check out pinatas Target
uh something Halloween you know a ghost
or a pumpkin or some sort of Halloween
themed pinata and we are going to fill
it with a gallon of fake blood
pretty exciting we're gonna tell him
that his stuffs in it and that if he
wants it he's gonna have to beat the
pinata with a baseball bat
so that's happening today it is
Wednesday happy Wednesday everybody not
doing the Wednesday weigh-in today
because in New York but I will do it
when they weigh in next week give them
eyes giving myself a week off so
Wednesday weigh-in returns
no secret so back to life as usual
that's what we've been doing lately so
anyway so I'll do a Wednesday weigh-in
next Wednesday Monday we'll also be
doing a new mailbag Monday because we
haven't done that since I was in New
York so all that returns next week back
to life October's happy October 1st
this is prank month I got some good ones
planned you guys some of the foods
you're about to see next is going to be
the uncut footage from the pumpkin video
because the intro is going to be me
talking and while I'm talking it cuts to
clips like I'm gonna say you know I'm
hanging up pinata and you'll see the
pinata by now you've probably seen the
video of you seeing this one so up next
is the uncut footage
the filled I yet we should Villa first
why so blood doesn't leak everywhere I
don't know if it leaks a war to fail
anyway huh oh this is fit oh my god what
is the fact this is crazy what hold
look at this is what hello is getting
what it is
I even held in what come on here grab
the stick
what stick all right Allegiant how I did
I don't like this don't worry dad you'll
be feel you're gonna feel like a kid
again
where am I at oh I stuck my taupe Britta
held by up Michael you're outside the
front door I'll bust my ass Michael make
sure you grab the rails wha rails Baga
where my going there's stairs
be careful I fucking hate you
no aah
you're a bloody Michael got him and then
he got me happy October oh come on
that's right those stars fucking October
darn day number one you move look
so I hear dad in there bitching
how you doing pop won't be here while
aria
yes I am so I just did a pinata filled
with blood prank on dad then I've done
more blood on him in the shower I need
some towel I need to pay at least
petition their aina I'm holding it right
now so I fill the pinata filled with
fake blood it busts all over dad he put
it all over me
I poured moron in the shower and now
here we are
Oh hurry yeah oh yeah you ain't get a
lot of blood dad's in there taking a
shower
I was crying laughing behind the camera
me too me so you got on your glasses
I'll wash them hi so that's just a
little taste of a prank dad's getting
this month cuz I got some good ones
planned good one which was what I'm not
so we got plenty of pranks planned for
this month pranks for the vlogs planks
for the main channel oh yeah we're doing
pranks in vlogs to you a very good man
yes I am pranks all month and when I was
saying that I was referring to dad gimme
pranking some vlogs but Bridget - this
is more that's it so anyway October is
here baby
happy October happy October 1st we're
sitting here with dad thank you talk to
goes downtown that's some time this
month may be a prank we'll see
happy October everybody this can be a
good month hope you guys love the videos
hope you guys like October because this
is my favorite month of videos over a
video is my favorite month of the year
so this is my Christmas yeah as I wash
blood off of me ah so here we go
everybody
October full throttle well how you
feeling dad you look clean it's been
what it's dark now dude now go to bed
it was still light outside when you went
in the shower and when you got out it
was dark how long was you in there a
while hey give us both a goddamn shower
you put it there yeah that was a lot
yeah that was a lot well how was your
day you got your phone back
oh you didn't get it back did you know
where did we put that phone I'm still
waiting on it oh I think I'm oh Jesus
okay here's how it happened I don't hear
that shit I'll explain when we first
started I don't want to hear it planning
a prank on Bob you know we were gonna
put your stuff in there and then we
covered it with blood go buy me another
one
no now no I expect the fill in the next
30 minutes it's closed by the way I'll
get you a tracfone no fuck you I you
know tracfone weird above all it's
probably in the ditch you think it can
be really dried out I'll be trapped it's
October now you cut it open me I'm not
turning it off that's the thing turn it
off me so this is October 1st and you
got me with blood yeah first first day
of the month you already got pranked but
at least but possessives mean it could
be your own porn this is Gary get I'm a
cargo from ghost
oh please you better be careful conjure
up them ghosty they become real even
wishing it we go find out we are gonna
buy now I know I want to take a Ouija
board go greyguard oh oh I was fuck
around then less conscious and ghost and
dad's house he thinks that I'm scared of
him I'm gonna I'll bring the ghost box
over here bring it Bri I'll bring it
over you one ghost you remember the time
you thought it goes for you were
terrified you really want them no I
don't
dooba lasts all day ah no you want to
talk ah that's how you conjure them I
read a book we'll go to your house not
mine
Carla Bush 2 comma conjugate a spirit
away ok blood draw blood a sex up you
said that you call co2 mo I just gotta
go away oh no dude it causes gas what is
that behind you
ha ha get get out of here my conjured
spirit get out get out of my now then if
you want me to get the spirit believe
ask nicely get out of my house I'll
leave the spirit says though get out of
my house alright see you Paul
bye what do you want for your birthday
yeah you stay with my house for you now
with some stuff you want I'll think
about getting I don't know let me see I
need a cigarette roller machine I need
some more Zippos I need some clothes I
need some slim jims I'm not getting you
none of this though goodbye my ass in
how about I give you a snow cone machine
not only snow cones I was joking
obviously I think I can t machine you
want a cotton candy machine yeah yeah I
can I can't eat sugar side o egg Leo I
am NOT getting you a cotton candy
machine I'm sorry hot dog machine what
is that the new hot dogs I like hot dogs
they sell those hot dogs machines yeah
oh look I'm not getting it for you but I
want to look into it they have hot dogs
but Sunoco hotdogs and time on it they
sell those machines yeah I would totally
buy one of those they do got them all
day day just has hot dogs rotate got a
bit of Sam's really yeah and you have
hot dogs rotating all day wouldn't you
Oh wicked I'll give you hot dogs all day
one will maybe eat yeah you didn't need
to eat more now leave
make me your presence is no longer
desired
make me leave hold that Oh out of here
by Michael by Bridget I'll see you on
the flip-flop
from the flip-flop me first side
whatever see him to flip-flop dad by
