what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera Here I am at the airport I didn't
record my goodbyes to Kim because I was
crying so I chose to just leave the
camera out but it was very sad
Lilly was crying asking us why we had to
leave you know I was crying when I say
goodbye to Kim but home way back to
Charleston Kim I want to say thanks for
having us
so here we are say hello
oh we're in the Syracuse Airport okay so
I was fine all morning up until Michael
cried and then Kim was tear enough and
then oh I had to grab my eyes and start
fanning out my life I just ran to the
car ready buddy I'm gonna miss them so
much work but we're coming back in
February yeah we also need to work on
getting everyone down with Charles done
that's our next goal is to get Kim in
our uncle and everything come down the
ralston love your northern family we're
great they are they really are great
people
Sharon is so Sharon and Richard Matthew
isn't Matt they're all awesome yeah I'm
really glad I got to see Matt they
hadn't seen Matthew longer than any of
them so it was good to see Matthew again
the guy's a stud mm-hmm
fucking stud ain't gonna lies pretty
attractive he's alright damn it Matthew
so anyway Matthew you spider thank you
so dad muffin I can say that you cannot
see my stuff I'm just your muffin yeah
your raisin muffin no I find you very
attractive I'm I'm the raisin muffin a
bran muffin that nobody wants now go the
blueberry muffin not the bran so
Matthews blueberry I'm bran so sitting
there charging my phone with my computer
because all the electric outlets are
taken so next we put that up because
we're recording like probably in five
minutes it's a pretty quick process
putting a computer in my bag so I got
this C in the air
so we are on this little shuttle
your ball
she texted us
we were talking actually before we love
but I'm just drinking coffee now I do
that
yeah I miss her
well we just landed in Charleston home I
can't wait to see my little wiggle
what does the wiggly thing you find your
dog's Wiggles so they run when they're
excited more than they wiggle is a whole
body so waiting on the bags which is
either this one I don't know any better
Claud you know we're here right now we
were gone forever
so sitting here a dad's house you taught
dad prank me made me think he went
senile while I was gone
we go by Charlie that's enough already
I'm sorry my god Bridget was in on it it
worked even what up do you really not
want your shirt that I brought you your
shirt all right that shirt
I'm sure bullshit bananas got stuff on
it I gotta watch it God man gotta watch
it buddy from the anchor bar and I got
you this
we know you real good at my ass huh I
can't leave a garbage dude you ain't
garbage I'll pay for later
well did you miss me for 11 days yeah I
missed you oh I know you miss again you
text me that picture in case you forgot
what I look like I didn't do that yeah
you did did you forget that too yeah
look anybody ever 11 he was wearing his
freakin underwear over shorts when you
go senile first thing goes your dressing
and you got all those pencil shavings
that was hard to be that goddamn sword
you did not sharpen those without soul
without sword how long do I take about
our commitment you'll have to do a prank
to get you yes
well be prepared cuz you getting pranked
a bunch I get you again just so you know
it was mostly him oh she's getting it no
no Michaels mostly him dude you're gay
right no I had it I just had to tell him
like when we're coming over
hey my hair is going back yeah how do
you love that yeah yeah I won't talk to
you they look good oh yeah how's your
eyelid we'll see if there's a mark there
is a mark I know what you know I felt
bad about that
you should have dad bitched you out for
that uh yeah I know I heard it what you
want I don't know
telling shorty we'll get it I want a
shot who sell salads where's the slim
jims at what slim jims I had them done
gone same day I get him I should I wait
oh man dad what I love them that at the
pumpkin patch they had homemade slim
jims
I know you do I hate you
all right big dad would like I want all
slim jims I get these were homemade ones
you know my birthday's coming up
hint hint obviously I knew that visit
October 16 yep yep
Oh planning on if anybody sent you
anything nobody opens anything and you
open it all like a birthday thing
that'd be cool you like that I like that
did that last year yeah be a long video
too so grandpa's birthday is coming up
and every year people like to send him
stuff for his birthday so if you want to
do that the peel box is below in the
description and everything that gets
sent is being put away for the 16th when
he has a birthday party you know goddamn
birthday party yeah you are this is not
a surprise party I'm gonna try to get
people over oh I won't know about my
birthday charlie as far as the
wristbands go there god they're all gone
they're all well I got some kung
gingka's just some people still ordered
some that I'm waiting on to come in with
a new double meal they're down to him
and those ends those are some people
that didn't get them yet right and can I
get that they're gone so yeah if you are
doing you got a gun I got some more on
order so but I got plenty of bumper
stickers so or you're a grandpa bumper
stickers and then open another week I
got another surprise coming for you so
are you bubble stickers
what's the surprise you'll find out
they're here anyone tell me no what's
the surprise I'm not telling you hey
did you help grandpa playing that prank
against me all right what a hand I have
to do with it
Joey do it how much you believe that do
you don't you David Berkowitz I do
drop the camera Hey
go home you ain't happy to see me y'all
never see you a hug I'm hugging anyway
oh my god oh my god don't kiss me me you
might give me vagina spiders well home
with grandpa thumbnail time we're back
thumbnail hey I got that's good all
right pop bye bye Bridget and don't
worry you'll see me a lot more oh my god
I hope not
big guy don't worry October's around the
corner yeah you find out
