here we go the magret reservation well
she was a married woman today
this is funny so last night Kyle and I
last after we walked along the falls we
wanted to go get something to eat so we
went in this restaurant at the casino
and because I have a peanut allergy I
had to fill out a form and after I wrote
peanuts and everything all that good
stuff you have to sign it and I signed
it Kimberly Greene
so today and if you see this part in the
vlog it means we did it we're going to
the Maid of the Mist so here we go
fingers crossed that is that it's doing
it I don't care if it's porn now
hopefully they still operate the oldest
age park in America we are currently
descending the distance of join us be
bubbly or 500 feet progress yes with
wheelchairs or strollers can use the
we're getting on the main amidst
Christian yeah it's super windy it's
super wet
I'm gonna film with this as much as I
can but when it starts getting wet I'm
putting it up
Hey
put this away again
so I don't know if the cameras according
I don't think you see anything back to
either the missed three evolution
and it's an emotion is just a fetish
right
oh my god
barely even see him coming down
phase of the miss my hats on no it's
gone
some fish is eating on it or on the
credit from the living
we have to talk louder than that to cut
through the wind Kyle you are so lame
dream cold or not able to hear you get
up
that's right man he wanted to go to the
speedo gamble
how thick
Robert you leavin yep I'm not ready to
go back to Sarah had a good time
I'm filming him
and every other from the casino yeah
well we are on our way out of Niagara
Falls we're passing through Buffalo and
we're going to go to the spot where
buffalo wings were origin borge
originated I couldn't speak it's the
anchor bar even better up there well no
I was just saying we're going where they
were origin so here we are at the Anchor
Bar home of the original something
Buffalo
apparently the order chicken wings
tonight it's brown and cake this
Christian I against a circle on this say
oh yeah so this place is where the wings
what was that
am i walking and walking home well so
these are the original wing
it's all bad
some bits about happy they are named
Bridget attendance count on Bridget to
go to the home of the Buffalo need to
get tender
well we just got back to Syracuse where
Kim's house
Wow great time Niagara Falls was amazing
the anchor bar was delicious
now I can know how wings are supposed to
taste that's how they were meant to be
here are some of the leftover wings and
what's crazy is that was a few hours ago
and these things are still crispy
there's nuts also from the casino I got
some of these chocolate-covered potato
chubs yes why was that the anchor bar I
also got dad a wing kit and an anchor
bar t-shirt they have several but I
chose this one for dad white me
buffaloed New York Anchor Bar the
original buffalo wing so right now we're
all just sort of winding down it was a
long ride it was you know a good time
mated the Mist was amazing I filmed a
clip on bridges phone to close my
bridges foam the second one didn't turn
out check this out
so I didn't include that with you know
the original clip and I guess it's a
little late to save this now but for
some of those shots watch out for your
ears Wendell eart but should have said
that earlier but I didn't so anyway just
go back to New York New York just go
back to Syracuse chilling out at Kim's
house talking Tom
you got talking tom oh we want to say
how to do it too okay here
you a happy girl that was your day
oh no glasses thank you see what is that
Brad was a frog telling dreams kisses
that was the last name Daggerfall
channel 15 stop hurt so Jeff from
Niagara Falls that's gonna be it for
today long did the Maid of the Mist I
made a mess with awesome bridge she
didn't like it she says that now when
we're leaving I was like oh my god that
was so amazing it was like oh my god an
aspirin would you think shows mm-hmm
which means that was dog shit I hate it
just because you've been on it for you
want it like probably like what 15 20
years ago I've had cheese pizza before
but you know what I'm gonna have it
again because it's awesome you do
awesome things multiple times right
right he missed out see thing is you're
married now some kids would make you do
it again right Jim right you run the
ship I do of course it was our house I
run the ship
so anyway problem that's gonna be for
the day you guys like subscribe she did
a sexy hashtag gorgeous out hashtag Kim
does the subscribe favorite stuff
favorite and that said I'm torn off
porridge you can say anything else
Britta sex Eve say something quick I
don't care hey I don't care how I think
not
