so right now you probably can't hear me
I'm going to put subtitles hashtag blog
thought bridges terrified of dying on
the airplane of a blood clot because of
cabin pressure she was like I was in
first class I tried to sit with her I
couldn't bridges apparently bridges on
the fling kit breathe are you doing now
I'm good it was right thirty minutes to
father
hey it was a 38 minute flight to
Charlotte so anyway this is the first
update people are sharing a meal eyz
recording we're in a record kind of
world go say goodbye see in Syracuse oh
yeah what's going on a special what's
going on you guys keep you on a camera
here this is the beginning of the vlog
and say kid be on camera here
where do we pick up our baggage so
it's always awkward recording in public
I don't mind
gotta get used to doing it so we're
gonna look for our baggage what is this
thing is one per person or Moses work
yeah well I'll see you guys in a few
minutes when this opens how did you guys
do that just do this really help me so
yeah hello how are you hi hello Billy
Waldo cookbooks I can whores say hi come
here
Oh gee-whiz you're big how do you know
da yeah what is that thing that um
stephania hackers she'll open up in a
little bit oh yeah
Suzie's being a little hungry learn
about some be for sure 100% we're gonna
open to your right I'm not recording
it's not recording right now Lily saying
it's not recording I'm if you say real
like jump that means it's not recorded
whoa all right Oh God which is more in
middle school you know mmm-hmm come on
let's go somewhere near me started
we've got dueling cameras I don't even
know what I'm filming right now I don't
just like it gory are you sure you know
how to drug him yeah just I would say
hold on though because I'm the easiest
way to get home is to take the highway
and I've never driven on the highway
what yeah no it's a libris drive all
right we'll be all right oh man you've
driven on the interstate yes no I've
never driven on the highway it shouldn't
be to farewell world oh god I'm getting
scared actually people is you're a new
driver you've been driving this year
beep this since last year right before a
Lily's birthday I'll even Drive it since
February
alright let's see if I can remember how
to get home
alright car really oh really oh that's
so annoying
I hate one friggin Oh watch this Oh what
are you doing is this a game my life in
a game
Kim's drag racing this bitch is this
door worked oh gosh she's really taking
the live way yeah she was joking around
about that man like hey guys don't make
me nervous
okay let's just shut up now no you way
either we're gonna pound into that FedEx
truck or this is big
then you come to New York welcome to New
York
the last place you'll ever be so right
now we were at my sister's house this is
you've seen an owner of logs this is
like her little thing what is this I've
got a plague that oh my gosh I should
know that huh it's a cute little yard
but a little bench under the tree in
public yeah Bridget so I'm just saying
here at Kim's house we all went to
Wegmans and got a sub all those subs are
delicious dude they're big next time
Bridget we get the smaller ones we got a
12-inch and the thing will they say
twelve I'm thinking more like sixteen
cuz they're big and they put a lot yeah
there's tons of meat in this delicious
so we went to Wegmans now we're at Kim's
house my see mom later if you see mom on
the vlog she's here as well so that's it
but right now just sitting here in Kim's
yard trees and stuff I like this Wow
is this yours yeah it is I was over here
legging there why yeah you had to send a
bunny cuz a deer and a bunny mr. deer is
that Hoppus is that Hoppus alone oh she
loves Lilly's room we do it's little
cute in here oh look it's the opposite
of Bray Wyatt instead of a goat mask
it's a giraffe both are terrifying she
goes down through her butt oh come on
down that's adorable
come on keep going good buddy that's
something you need to get me
ohayo got that for me platform 9 and 3/4
sign angel hey hi Michael hey you will
see yourself
so I'm sitting here with my ass Sharron
right now she looks just like mom that's
a good Jewish like mom with class boy ha
ha that's just wrong and loom I'm
walking away now I'm done with this
situation no she's still trying to find
a ring the ring what ring rich wedding
ring down here somewhere there's a
wedding ring down here for a funny guy
on it
no cameras wedding ring is gone
yeah oh the wedding ain't happening
folks we've lost a wedding ring Kyle
Gina there's poop bar down there you
need to come out of that yard she's not
wearing shoes
what mom Sean stockings on so they're
gonna smear okay Oh mom's got a history
of walking the animal crap yeah Lily
Lily come up here honey this done no I
just stepped in a heavy pile I remember
one time when mom lost her keys she made
it she made it she put us all in the
dumpster and we were digging through
bags of like people's food with our feet
looking for the keys I remember the
specific quote mom goes
dig your toes around in the Beefaroni
yeah
well how are you playing with eating it
here you opened it you are now eating no
mom wasting it hi mom Lilly just give it
to me how you did it just fall out I
said she's really really matter of fact
they sharing
yeah Sharon's getting you a new one
window not I was just gonna lie to her
man just wash them so they get a fresh
one or nothing at all so we are chilling
at Kim's house at night her daughter is
asleep she's trying to say there's like
skunks I come out here at night once you
do that alright just funny
so anyways because I'm keeping that face
so just chilling out here it's pretty
cold
who-who-who us today will you point
I'll be that giraffe up there she says
it's making a bunny rabbit my night will
be hey you know go sleep good night till
after school we'll see you tomorrow
have a good day love you love you Lilly
well that is the end of day number one
and Syracuse Oh God he's got me my
grandma updated me and said that Clyde
ate normally so I'm gonna hear that just
another day tomorrow
paranoia so there's this picture here's
me right there there's Tim can't tell
Shannon abscess - vibe to her I say if
you can't tell his mom sure couldn't uh
Kim had an abscess tooth and mom never
noticed it and the photographer was like
you know the girls kind of abscessed
tooth right so that's gonna be it for
today you guys day number one down
Syracuse I love it here it's great I
didn't have any family in South Carolina
I've moved here I'm gonna show the fish
fish it is no one Oh a single where is
it
he's up here no there you are
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys like subscribe favorite any
hashtags Chuck beef hash tag Kim is a
thief / hashtag Bridget so bitter cold
as a river in the winter here
hashtag favorite hashtag that's it
