what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here fit us here right there in
today is Saturday and today right off
the bat more bad news you guys I'm just
good it's like pulling off a band-aid
it's like not lately anyway it's just
like but like nothing but bad news
lately it's like this year blow so let's
just recap 2017 my dad got cancer
my dad got cirrhosis my dad went to the
hospital was on his deathbed they just
passed an epic tax bill that means I'm
screwed um back in April the IRS took
our entire bank account pretty much good
2007 I'm done with it
it's like so done like I hate this year
I don't want to remember it say
something 2018 if you ain't better to me
we gonna have problems I was getting
roasted on freakin New Year's Eve I
don't want to remember - on 17 not
toasted roasted I don't even want to
know what that means guys lost right
here at the beginning the blonde I had
to give some more bad news so about a
week ago Bridget was petting Bella and
while she was petting Bella she found
another lump on her head now if you guys
don't know Bella has survived cancer
twice they found cancer oh and what was
the first was in her what was on her
cheek yeah it was on her cheek and then
she had one on her paw so she has
survived cancer twice and we have just
found another lump on her head so we
took her to the vet and they have done
some test results and we're gonna know
tomorrow if it's cancerous or persist
assist alga hopefully just be assess I
really hope it's just a cyst
we need our dog in all this poor thing
dude twice cancer this bit it sucks okay
it is what it is you know what forget
that I'm ready for some good news
you I'm so ready for some guys here's
some good news today is December 2nd and
if you don't know there's a very special
birthday today
Britney Spears guys today is Britney
Spears birthday
baby why more time and I'm gonna hit
myself with a cake what do you think I
agree with that we should get a
celebration cake we're gonna celebrate
the birthday of Britney Spears happy
birthday baby
let's celebrate hey big girl so you guys
I wanted to show you exactly where so
right here is where birds didn't notice
it you'll notice there's a little bump
right here it's kind of hard to see but
it's under the skin so they shaved her
little head and now they've done some
test results I really really hope you
don't got cancer again bro seriously so
right here is where she had cancer the
second time right oh poor thing I love
you Bella you are so special and squishy
right here is where she had kids for the
first time poor thing you can't catch a
break can you girl uh-huh
poor thinks so hopefully that is not
what this is hopefully only good news
for Bella you want to help us celebrate
Britney Spears birthday girl we need
some good news today oh she's asleep all
right girl I'll leave you alone
so that's the bad news really hate
having more and more bad news it's like
my life's falling apart man Oh hanging
in there that's all you can do when
something bad happens you hang in there
right girl you know better than any of
us you hang in there as best you can
right can we get the camera out of your
face
she wants me give you time out of her
face what's going on you guys so right
now we're about to leave and currently
the pole is being fixed Michael doesn't
know it and I'm gonna tell him that
there's a leak I really wish we can get
that fixed that what the pole that's all
the pole you haven't seen it what
what yeah well I thought I told you
there's a leak
what yeah there's a leak for how long I
don't know like a week
what yeah so I called someone to
investigate that you know and they said
that somebody jumped in her pull and cut
the liner what yeah and then he said it
was gonna be fifty thousand dollars to
fix what I thought I told you you're
joking
no what happened I told you that's what
the guy thing no you tell me anything
how am I just not finding out about this
and while we're filming this I thought I
told you $50,000 yes fifty thousand
dollars to fix this oh yeah tell Michael
my hey no oh hey
Michael oh my gosh yeah I don't we don't
have a PO anymore it's the only reason I
bought this house Oh calm down please
calm down
I hate 2017 I'm absolutely done with it
okay I'm I get it I'm I'm just kidding
though it's a prank I paint you I didn't
I didn't think you'd flip oh yeah you
pranked me yes dude you don't know how
to empty the pool water okay it's
half-empty so even if you made up 50,000
there's still a leak let me get that my
god yeah please
oh it's sunk no Sam no oh you got to go
in to get it it's going to ruin the pool
oh my god it's really actually going to
ruin it okay Bridget chill like even
more you know you're gonna piss me off
okay I'm going in oh my gosh oh no my
girl just take your shorts off let me
try to use the skimmer okay
Oh No well see that's the thing I didn't
you see the pool guys are working on her
pool because the skimmer is messed up I
mean it's a joke like oh man
oh okay oh my god let me have to get
that - such a fail why do I gotta go in
because I'm willing the camera then head
to me I know I have to hold the camera
Michael
so guys Michael is totally like the stop
right now
you got this babe oh my gosh no oh no
you can do this oh I'm exhausted I'm
angry I'm sorry this early in the
morning you gotta prank me yes I'm sorry
though what are you too good for sorry's
I don't accept them anymore from you
guys we're going to the store we're
getting celebration cake happy birthday
Britney Spears at least I exercise
whatever cake I eat off alright Bridget
here we are what do you think
yeah that's my favorite celebration pink
with blue will you like cupcakes
okay when they come to us they will take
the lot yes definitely this though
Michael I found your favorite dessert
I found your favorite dessert no you
know I do not do fruit cake I dare you
to eat fruit cake dude I find fruit cake
to be one of the most repulsive
concoctions ever put together yeah it's
like bread pudding with like cherries in
it hold it dare you to eat it oh I'm not
keeping a seat okay okay what about you
can choose dinner if you take a bite of
fruit cake
the choice of millions
I want some too babe
the best part about this store is the
priest handful of jeez I'll take it
please you don't what do I do
it's just swallowing
what's relative Michael come on don't do
this I did
hey there's a severe severe like shyster
is Barbra Jean
enjoy can't spell you got 12
it smelled like man I hope I don't whine
it's just test the waters first
okay I totally want the bird bunny what
somebody else didn't like that cheese
either oh thank you
Oh God
what and is I need it we're buying it
already middle Harry I'm going over to
we're eating all the food samples that
went through free samples free almost oh
my god favorite dessert table dude I'm
glad she's there nice big old bite a big
bite now dude it's a cake they got left
on the counter that is nasty
I have to yeah did you dinner serious I
don't know if I can you got this eat
someone is fruitcake big buy it like I
had to take that was a big fight wider
take it
chew it Bridget take one for the team
you're not yet but you're head of the
team that was not a bigger bite so for
me she likes it Oh
Cindy's getting ribbon candy for
Christmas because she had know she's
gonna love it
as promised we are celebrating a very
important birthday today somebody that's
been in
my life for a long time Britney Spears
happy st. trials Britney
Britany blow out the candles hurry
Brittany please they're melting on the
cake
brandy blow the candles Oh Ella bration
cake
Oh a lot of celebration cake you guys
are on your own hey I need a plate I
love birthdays you know Brittany I want
to give a message from my heart straight
to you so you can so I can really talk
directly to you
you know you used to be very important
to me very important like family if you
will and then you had your meltdown when
you have that very public embarrassing
meltdown sort of fell out of love I
guess you know kind of a fuckup but
happy birthday anyway every time I think
of you semper second I think of two
songs hit me baby one more time or hit
my baby one more time and toxic we're
gonna be getting out of here in just a
second you guys but before we do I
wanted to take a minute to talk about
something we brushed on in yesterday's
vlog verified giveaway calm I asked
everybody if you wanted me to do a
verified giveaway and smack the like
button if you wanted me to do it and
everybody wanted me to do it so guys
that's what we're gonna be doing I
reached out to keemstar and he told me
about his website verified giveaway com
and if you go to verified giveaway com
you can see that it is a legitimate
source to actually win a prize on
YouTube because you got a lot of people
on YouTube unfortunately he'll say stuff
like oh smack the like button subscribe
and you can win a prize and there's
never a prize it's like chasing the end
of a rainbow it's never gonna come
there's no pot of gold at the end but
verified giveaway com promises you a
prize so guys that's what we're gonna be
doing
I decided to link up with keemstar and
we are giving away five $100 amazon.com
gift card
step one all you got to do is smack the
like button on this video and then go to
the description below you will see a
link that says verified giveaway click
it follow the steps and you could win a
verified prize $100 Amazon Dagon gift
card
pretty sure I sent Amazon dog on not
important
ignore I said it just click the link
below go to verified giveaway calm and
you could win a $100 amazon.com gift
card well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching remember
click the link below and you can enter a
verified giveaway to win a $100
amazon.com gift oh my gosh I'm gonna
enter no okay you can win but guys if
semi wins the system is automatic okay
that would okay it's it's any of you win
we're gonna do another one giveaway five
more we'll give you the hunter roller
gift card back the link button let's
give a shout out to Bridget this was her
idea I love you guys so much this was
Bridget's idea click the link below
follow us on all that stuff that it says
to do enter to win a gift card guys
that's gonna be it for today we
celebrate a britney spears birthday
party you pranked me I did it is what it
is guys thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite fun everything that's
first chance to and all around
everything
