what's going on you guys
viviana camera comes first keep me on a
camera here now you and today is Monday
now then first things first the other
day we went to rooms to go
apparently Bridget found the couch she
liked we liked it we both liked this and
I hated it so we weren't gonna get it
and she was gonna surprise me with it
when I got back that it would be here
but obviously she's going to New York so
that didn't work out so here we go
you guys ready bachelors don't know we
didn't get it yet we're also having a
house cleaned so anyway this is how
we're getting our Monday in the house so
this is how we're getting our Monday
cleaning getting ready to go to New York
getting reading for the new couch
getting ready for wrestling wrestling
comes online yes that's on DVR so I'm
sure they don't miss anything else's
don't watch Ultimate Fighter yeah I
watched it yeah Josh tell us so this is
our Monday couch is he giving this like
March told he was on new comfort yeah
okay so this is where the old couch is
this was a nightmare I pulled my back
out putting the loveseat in here
I think about giving the loveseat to dad
if you want to still love seats
perfectly good we weren't gonna get rid
of this thing
but the couch Bridget chose is a
sectional so with this end we have no
use for this the missing was a piece of
carpet fell apart on us and as you can
see I had that this is almost like a
sectional in the sense that I had to
take it out in sections I ripped these
pieces off of it yeah
it's crazy and they actually house think
huh some people have been asking who's
gonna watch the dogs while we're in New
York
so bridges grandma is gonna be coming
over and she's gonna house it for us
she's gonna watch the dogs take care of
them Bridget wrote this like big
detailed list of instructions what to do
in case Clyde has one of his episodes
because that was the reason she wasn't
coming because of Clyde but now that
she's coming she had to write a list of
what to do what not to do to her grandma
so that's just gonna be watching the
dogs while we're gone her grandma which
of us here so my mom offered to clean
the toilet so my grandma can sit on
clean toilets you know so that's gonna
be fun I'm really excited about this
house one this is the most repulsive
frozen-in I've ever had my entire life
it looks crustless chicken Popeye it's
repulsive but it's flavorless so we
might leave it for your grandma no she's
not that kind of old person I'm joking
almost vibrant she's at the end she's
like 40 so something I'm really excited
about is gonna Niagara Falls and I'm
gonna go shopping I'm gonna get like
coffee cups and t-shirts and what hey
Michael I'm not going to York I'm not
going to New York so the new couch just
got here the mover guys put it together
so here we go here's the new couch
Bridget is not here to see it so this is
the new couch
Wow I love it
check this view out TV so here's my view
of the TV now oh that is total divas who
didn't finish it
stop it's here really yep it literally
just got here
okay Briggs just got here ston for her
to see the new couch I know that's an
amazing fit
hey guys bridge Oh STR and um I was
eating vegetables today and I grew a
little bit abyss entire than Michael
she's one platform shoes it's a trick
yeah Bridget we're buying clothes but
just got some clothes for the wedding
we're trying things on and she's taller
than me now I mostly want straighten my
hair for the wedding so my hair will be
down and not like this I'm wearing DC's
and I'll be taller than you
we're just the rain is starting to flood
what we're gonna do but she looks good
in the outfit she doesn't want me to
show her until the wedding day she was
mad that I showed be in the suit he
should have surprised them so she wants
to be surprised on the wedding day video
with the clothes on some that's fine
so wedding day you'll see how good our
alpha it looks I like it that's what we
got for Monday we're thinking about food
and Syracuse we're also thinking about
food and Syracuse we're also thinking
about food and Syracuse and also food
and Syracuse and Wegmans and food and
the Eiger Falls and food and Agri Falls
and food over there by Niagara Falls and
Niagara Falls food and dining I had a
question birds wanted to ask so she
don't want us she wants no food to be
alright as she walks down the aisle with
us
what do you mean yeah she said no I just
hug up that was totally makes I was like
totally spur-of-the-moment prank call
but just a hunka Bridget walks it's that
a real right Bridget wants to know and
I'll call back
hey what's up now I had to hang up and
tell her I tell you what kidding she was
joking Bridget what does that mean she
won't even but it's not like I'm dad or
anything so it's like I thought you know
meat you can get mom I guess to do it
how long does it gonna be
butor oh no way
how long is it gonna last the wedding
only what time because we were think
about going to the made of mist at some
day on Saturday what if we don't want to
eat at that place you chose cadmium
bridge just go to like somewhere else in
the area like the buffets you know Joe
right you go you believe that bet I had
a question actually uh so when we go to
that restaurant you're paying right okay
cuz members want to know if we can get
appetizers and dessert so on appetizers
and dessert so wait wait wait wait what
have I wanted two entrees cuz I had a
thing cuz I wanted to try their chicken
and I wanted to try their beef but now I
can try both and they have they have
this layered cake it says it's like
thirty nine bucks
I was about getting one with raspberry
and the one would talk with caramel you
gonna miss us buddy
I was like you were that is my area what
are you doing in it so then before I go
to Niagara Falls tomorrow do you guys
want me to go see dad before I go wake
him up and tell him he has to do the
500,000 subscriber channel it was out of
a person they're like swinging the
blankets look go to sleep little baby
so anyway click like if you want to see
me wake up dad in the morning before I
go tell him I'm gonna be gone when we
reach 500,000 subscribers and it's time
to go bald go bald or go home so what's
that noise who's gonna do bed
come on bag ready for some closing we
got a new part
look at that won't polkadot bags let's
take Clyde with us all right getting
College a little more Clyde get all the
way in all right but there's Bridget's
bag Pat here is my bag packed and we are
almost ready for New York New York it's
a hell of a town ooh my cologne now
we're watching Monday Night Raw here's
the couch again
just chill it out on the couch right now
so just getting ready to leave gonna be
almost at 4:00 today leaving tomorrow
so Barry it's always nerve-racking to
fly it's always scary it's always sad to
leave the animals sad to leave dad
I'll see dad tomorrow morning before I
go so that'd be good but Oh watching
wrestling chilling out a house feels
good only got the cash for one day
before we left but it's good comfortable
so well it's raining
a mom so that's gonna be for today you
guys thanks for watching we packed got a
new couch I prank called Kim getting
ready for tomorrow's trip to New York
and for people wondering yes I'm
vlogging every day while I'm there
depending on the internet speed at Kim's
house depending on the internet speed to
the hotelling's Niagara Falls you know
cuz who knows I could miss a date but I
am gonna vlog I'm gonna vlog during the
wedding I'm gonna gonna be there for
everything cuz one dad can't fly because
he had that stomach surgery those years
ago and that creates a problem when he
flies and he doesn't want to drive and
he didn't want us to drive so dad
couldn't come he's also got my nephew's
there that they go to school so dad
couldn't come so he wants to see the
wedding so I'm gonna tape it for his
sake so that's one reason that you're
gonna see blogs and one because you know
it's my life it's my daily vlogs and
they ain't stopping just cuz it go to
Syracuse so tomorrow I'm gonna keep
vlogging gonna vlog on a plane flying
first-class bridges flying coach I'll
try I'm not gonna try so anyway thanks
for watching you yeah you are
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe
hashtag they're cute you fit another
hashtag good job thanks for watching you
guys
