what's going on you guys verybody can't
be on a cam here and first things first
is you're probably wondering why I
didn't put up a vlog yesterday I could
tell you why well the reason yeah she
can't tell me why the reason I didn't
upload a vlog yesterday is because if
you watched a new video and you see the
ending where Bridget was coming at me
with a bat let's just relive that for a
moment
we got Bridget right after that happens
I dropped the camera
the battery falls out and it broke then
we had to go search for new battery for
the camera Oh none of whom would fit it
was a nightmare I thought I lost the
video I was like goddammit Bridget I was
pissed off we lost our little robbery
prank video and then we got the battery
uploaded the footage my shadow looks
absolutely enormous behind me my
reflection in the mirror looks like
another person wearing a muumuu but
anyway uh got the footage uploaded was
too tired to make a vlog got the battery
back got the camera back today is Sunday
look I did what it always do this oh so
it's Sunday yeah you got it everyone
what happened today what happened today
hey guys hi everyone no please don't do
this to me you gotta tell everyone don't
do this to me why because it's
embarrassing okay
so Bridget is coming to New York now to
the wedding she wasn't originally is
because I burst out crying it was very
very heartbreaking for all these people
to say oh they're unhappy you know it's
not true we're totally happy with each
other yeah and I was just sitting here
at the table and I was like oh I had to
cover I'd cope and she wouldn't see it
was her fault he's been crying for days
but today was the absolute worst she was
like and I've been crying for days too I
just
she was like uh I'm gonna be really sad
mmm cuz already was I made tacos tonight
because she wanted she wanted tacos and
so I made tacos I'm cinder sterling to
me
like I'd really sad cooking like I miss
Bridget already and so I started crying
at the table and she's coming now yeah
so she's coming to the wedding I'm
really happy about that
I'm coming the entire time that's right
so get all 11 days it's gonna be good
I'm really happy I I was really I've
been sad for days about this so I'm glad
she's coming I cried was embarrassing I
was trying to I was I've been telling
person all week I got a wall up you know
like I'm not gonna be sad I got a wall
although mansion is being beaten at with
sledgehammers you know this morning I'm
taking a shower and she's like trying to
make me sad she like putting your face
against the glass and I'm like get out
of here what you walking I didn't tell
you when you walk the other 20 of the
towels like no oh sad this morning it
sucks she's coming so I'm happy about it
so we should buy another suitcase so we
can buy all kinds of souvenirs yes hallo
we can Mel it to ourselves yes we can do
we really can do that yeah yes so doing
that yes
Howie so oh yeah I film it so let's
start our Sunday first things first
today feels really good out it feels um
honestly feels amazing I know we gotta
make sure I have my hoodie because I
heard us like 40 degrees in Syracuse you
did to you about the Carolina one huh
yeah yeah good day Wow awesome hey Bella
you go missile hold on girl how much he
cried I can't believe you're devastated
like Apella she's like I don't care
about devastation I just wanna talk oh
you try to get the plate on your hand
yeah good again oh well UK I did it good
dogs have talked ourselves probably not
but a little peaceful heard of okay have
a little Bible oh she did have a little
tiny bite oh one more tiny bite oh hey
good five Clyde tiny buddy
oh so right now Kim still doesn't know
that bridge is gonna be coming to the
wedding so I'm gonna call him and tell
her that I can't come now see what she
says I need a reason um sick
she's calling back hello no I'm not
kidding hello hold on just a minute
have to go potty and brush your teeth
and get ready for that your school
tomorrow okay huh
hey it's me hey uh I got to talk to you
about something
ha I gotta talk to you about something
Wyatt what's up uh you know how my
flight was supposed to leave Tuesday
yeah uh it got canceled so or I'm sick
or something my stomach I can't come oh
yeah I can't come to the wedding now
uh you're joking no I can't come
are you serious yeah really you chew
Bridgette make me a taco yeah it's just
my stomach
I just yeah I says my stomach hurt
yeah but did you guys forget to rate you
a taco what
why aren't you coming my stomach hurt
are you
Mikasa to make you a target I didn't ask
you to do anything like bad we're
watching Hell's Kitchen
I don't it's just my stomach cam I can't
come and my flight was canceled
ba-ba-boom no cheese on my top no cheese
on my taco Verger no no exercise okay if
you want this random truth I don't want
to come I don't think you and college to
get married I think it's a mistake
and I'm considering writing you often
the family you don't need my herbal now
see there's been the problem with you
for the beginning you've never thought
the family mattered and you left us and
it's always been we've always been
number two well now your wedding comes
number two to me watching Friday Night
Smackdown because I'd rather do that hey
I'm trying to lose weight I want an
apology right um don't don't interrupt
me while I'm speaking I want apology for
the snack down judge I want an apology
for the Smackdown joke I'm gonna call
everywhere that you're booked for your
wedding and I'm gonna have everything
canceled
just accept that I have a stomachache
and my flight was canceled
take the hint can we don't love you okay
bird did I know you had a hand in there
- no I want you to apologize for Bridget
for that statement all right
Burgess more of a daughter than you ever
were - dad what are you kidding I wanted
apology right now I'm just fucking with
you of course I'm coming
Bridge is coming now that's what one
would call and tell you bridges coming
to the wedding now nope neither one of
us accompany were boycotting it yeah
she's coming oh so now it's cool that
she's coming a minute ago she had a hand
in me not coming but now it's cool that
she's coming so I don't know how much
there is I don't know if there's any but
I figured why not show what I didn't
show for the vlog yesterday and I pretty
much showed everything this would be one
of the first videos where I didn't cut
anything out because sometimes my god I
don't know if it fits I liked it all so
I kept pretty much everything so in that
sense let's see what I do have deleted
scenes or whatever from yesterday's vlog
or video yes officer they were breaking
in my house
go steal master go take my shit to the
pawn shop teach them self bitches so
that's it that's what they were stealing
they were stealing my coffee pot my
microwave my other coffee pot my toaster
oven and then I got a little coffee pot
I caught migrant Bridget in my house
without my permission and they were
stealing my stuff I thought I raised
that boy better Michael and Bridget
stealing pop oh that's it here why are
you stealing my house look oh no no I
know you don't know you're not paying me
I'm still turn you in I'm not taking no
bribe look I'm not taking your bribe
that's $30 I don't want you bribe no you
go to jail
okay just clicking on camera I don't
know take speedo camera so money time
money you guys do you accept it I don't
accept mine there it's bad now take care
of the cop shop I'll take my old self to
down thank you okay so we're good
no no we're not good you're still going
to jail then give us our money back to
just one night
what money I don't know I got no carry
you stole from us now hi I didn't steal
no you do my chair but it's my camera in
my house we bought this table actually
so we got their seat it doesn't matter
this possessions not just a loaf Eggman
goodbye okay so dad purely can't take a
joke anymore take you this talking
shovel Michael what does that mean
sorry shudders Oh Julie I'm gonna talk
to you trouble you got a goddamn ball in
kalyan foot
he's dragging that ball behind you now
we can you little bit make me tossing
your salad pretty
you'll be big maze baby nobody's gonna
toss my salad don't you break my baby
hey you haven't brought my cable is that
plot is on the study I'll follow this up
I can do Carol got a repo change he's
got out of there okay that's a little
rough and you want must want to go to
jail what about Paul call that seriously
she's not be caught for sure she's not
being cooperative at all you're not
gonna try to rob my daddy his stuff like
this you can leave this you have been
piling to stop God and you friggin all
my stuff I like if you have until you
then plug it in put it in I'll be a lot
of my dreams
how do we perform dad I paid a lot of
money that microwave you're not gonna
break it
Louie she won't try to kill a teapot
your coffee wine what do you need to
find dolphin gave you that little boat
buggy
dumbass with a pawn shop there's a prank
I just put the camera down there to film
collide cuz it's really cute
Clyde was Shirky right there so that's
gonna be it for today you guys some of
that was either extended scenes or
alternate camera angles or to lead it
all together some of the stuff I wasn't
sure like when that was doing the stock
cane shuffle though I I don't remember
seeing in the video which I don't know
why I would have left it out because it
was my one of my favorite parts but if I
didn't if I didn't leave it out there it
is again if I did leave it out there it
is so that's gonna be if relay you guys
who's good Sunday so thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite mmm
hey well whoa she smoked my bottom so
thanks for watching there's Clyde again
going on up there oh thanks for the
scene Clyde it was cute like subscribe
favorite hashtag Niagara Falls good one
