what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here where's Bridget
and today is throwback Thursday tonight
I decided to tell two stories one
because I don't know if I told the first
one before or not and I don't want
people who already heard it to get mad
yeah
and I've heard this story before so I'm
gonna tell two stories the first one is
gonna be where I and the second story
that I'm going to tell tonight is gonna
be the aftermath of grandpa's restaurant
this actually ties into the 9/11 story
because I was at that restaurant during
9/11 so people wouldn't ask me to tell
it well you know what happened to
grandpa's restaurant so this is what
happened to it this is the full story
I'll tell that one with that today but
here we go throwback Thursday time I
made a cooperage didn't have the Taser
so here we go scare me with a bitch now
the spider where are you there for you I
know it's a Viper
well dad everybody was saying that you
got ready Anna yeah she's gone easy dog
go home
Hannah ain't going nowhere so we're
gonna give and give her a walk now look
at they redid your road over there yeah
I know the parts of it all over the
whole park except for yours count on
your road to be the one they didn't do
which way you goin come on hell
I like that called you gotta look at
this then look at the difference through
this record convinced Road got the other
goddamn complex cute people you over how
you been - say dad this fuck is still
hot out here I know it really is huh
now you got this on a wheel on something
who was let her try
she's out Hoshi she's a girl if you
don't look like you
oh it's right is our fire hydrant huh
does our fire right they don't do that
how I hide hurts yeah they do
they just squat there's squatters well
it's throwback Thursday so I wanted to
tell two stories today what anything you
can help me omoi story number one was
that you were sued us all to God anta
yes you live give you lay down in a
coffin oh my god I gotta get out of here
what was that about
oh no buggin he said get your old ass
out of the street
Oh mo bugga people want to know the
story where we were when 9/11 happened
huh the thing is where was I
where were you you home yeah you were at
Gertie's I was girded fucking drunk
so my point for my vlogs gonna be first
we'll say where we were and the second
story will be what happened to your
restaurant cuz people been asking my
restaurant yeah well I'll tell that on a
story so that'll be in a few minutes
then you'll bring that goddamn chair
maybe Jesus Christ I just oh my god in
China I choose to start hollowed out
okay so people are asking the first
question where were we when 9/11
happened Columbia so you tell your part
and then I'll go to mind
she'd a much tail I can't remember too
much God drop tonight before slept in
the bar we woke up and there was a bar
that grandpa I told you guys about it
was called Gerdes it was a place that
dad took his restaurant from the flea
market and moved them to a bar called
Gerdes and we took off his cooking
equipment over there and hit that shit
man hold on that's for their second
story so dad's recollection of 9/11 as
being hammered drunk and seeing bars on
the TV that everybody was watching yeah
so I looked on the TV
and we saw what everybody else was
seeing with all the buildings with the
smoke coming out I wasn't playing
applying to it then we saw the other
plane fly into it and it was a crazy day
for everybody it's almost a surreal day
we didn't know what was going to happen
to all of us you know all we knew is we
were under attack about 15 minutes later
dad comes barreling into the driveway
drunk I don't know if he was driving her
Josh was driving I think Josh might have
been driving but at getting the call
you're going to Gerdes you'll be safer
there so here I was about 13 years old
spending nine eleven and a bar you
playing home yeah I was playing pool
while dad was cooking up wings for
everybody and drunk dad cooking a wing
so no God teriyaki or something I don't
know what the hell he did so we're
watching so we're watching the coverage
and everybody it was it was a very
surreal day for all of us that I
remember him more than dad cuz dad was a
little well dad doesn't matter any of it
do you remember that week no you know
recipes everybody that was lost on 9/11
it's very sad it's you know it's a
tragic day in American history so that
was where I was on 9/11 I was sitting in
a bar playing pool while dad served
wings and got drunk and eventually pass
out on the pool table
now the second story people been asking
me I mentioned it a long time ago dad
used to have a little restaurant it was
in a flea market it was Smiley's flea
market and we sold burgers and hotdogs
at one point we dealt we dabbled our
hands and catering and that you know you
don't nobody remember your first
catering job that you did spaghetti yeah
there were these spaghetti dinners and
walk for here's the first question okay
dad
noodles for a spaghetti he cooked and
froze now explained to me the method of
thinking why you could just boil noodles
because I did them quicker no noodles
boy I'm like eight minutes dude doesn't
matter Adam dead of one and they were
horrible you fuck
you put a sauce or you can tell there
was any way you could so I can I think
the Gandhian pretty stringent burger
that motherfucker
flag on the play we got a hit a little
bit shop chopped tomatoes out fuck
Bob 95 thank you very much it was worth
5 95 I'll say that but for some reason
dad cooked the noodles the night before
and froze up and then he I have
individual baggies the worst mistake
you've ever made so the way he unthought
him as he ran the frozen noodle under
hot water which made them lukewarm
almost cold still he did about it did
not the sauce he didn't ever slimy that
pen how you look at it so here we are
9 o'clock in the morning dad's got these
frozen noodles being brushed underwater
and we've built 60 plates of spaghetti
and I'm on my way out where are we going
to deliver them and I'm walking he
doesn't are you be careful right when he
said I stomped my toe and about 3 of the
spaghetti plates slide off the top and
dad hears stupid motherfucking bastard
so that was kind of how the diner worked
uh you know dad flipped out sometimes I
member one time there was a backup in
orders I know I've told this before but
it's so funny I want to tell it again we
had a backup in orders and I guess an
extra burger got ordered and we didn't
know who it was for and they were she's
got Eve cheeseburger for I don't know
who did he bring before I don't know and
that just picks it up slug gently glides
it across the room and it hits the wall
and falls into this big pile of garbage
in the corner then we thought out who
ordered the cheeseburger God it wasn't
cooking another I got pissed again so it
was a lot of crazy stuff with that
restaurant then one day dad decided I'm
gonna go to the bar which is the Gerdes
bar we were telling you about in a
minute ago so he took all of his
equipment his grill his deep fryers
everything was expensive equipment like
thousands and thousands of dollars worth
of equipment and he takes it over to
guard ease and how long would you say
you were a granese two months so you can
tell the story better than me cuz I
don't know the full story really no
story till I got there
dodging of motherfuckers shitter died so
say what happened to Gerdes well I was
into cooking and really went that many
orders and all sudden they give me a
light B over $2,000 I said motherfucker
Oh mm awful idea you owe $2,000 in a
white bill so to me fuck you so I walk
down they can talk my quicken give it
back so uh they tried to stick the bars
a light bill on dad because they
couldn't pay it there was ever any kind
of talk about splitting any kind of
bills they've said you bring your
equipment over here and cook for us and
we get a percentage of what you sell and
you get a percentage and that'll be how
we do it you got there still trying to
give me their fucking the bill the light
bill put a fucking bar fuck them
motherfuckers dirty die he did dad moved
from that till we started doing the
snack wagons now I told you about the
first shitty version of the snack wagon
where we had to dress like clowns and he
had the shitty wagon and it was all
embarrassing well a few years later dad
got his hand on a really good wagon
so you set up this wagon at like fast on
over this shit up to talking you talked
what I'm done
this was your idea you job I'm going in
so that I'm my throwback Thursday story
for next week when dad was selling at
these carnivals and fairs selling stuff
it's funny too so that'll be next week
so there's a throwback Thursday story
where was I when 9/11 happened and what
happened to grandpa's restaurant so I'm
leaving dad's house now you can't tell
him in the back seat so for tomorrow's
vlog
I decided to do the liquid ass prank on
dad and it backfired on me
you can't tell come on dude no let's
just go home
so that's tomorrow it's gonna be in
tomorrow's vlog Oh seriously come on do
this embarrassing don't sit here like
this ah steaks real bad so dad opened it
and dumped it all over me okay hold on
mmm
take your fucking shirt off
all right I gotta take my shirt off I
can't record it but see you guys know I
gotta take my shirt off right in my own
car
it's my oh it's our car but in the time
