what's going on you guys so my cousin
sleep right now of course and I'm going
to bring down
I got a Taser alright my god I set it
down I'm serious
Cupid dude I don't have it anymore
this type of shit do the spider good
morning
yeah oh it's like 6:30 about 30 minutes
Michael wake up I'm ready to start the
day
all right is down I see some good news
what I'll lose weight taking a big ship
I pack in this room are you so scared of
desert ah the time is it it like a seven
ok can I sleep now
no you're up
what hazers in south carolina by the way
you got your laugh fuck I love you babe
hey this is our one of those hedge that
shoots out well I mean you praying to me
I didn't really like it that much
oh there's ghosts alright alright I'm
done I'm done
but I'm hiding it from you you're never
taking this for me okay I'm done I'm
done gonna sleep no I'm up for the day
okay well let's go
Wednesday weigh in what's going on you
guys Kibby on a camera here and today is
Wednesday weigh-in which means in a few
minutes I'm gonna weigh myself on camera
later today I'm gonna shave it off gotta
gotta look clean for the wedding so I'm
gonna shave it off that's gonna be later
today but first let's kick things into
high gear and let's get that Wednesday
way and started let's see where I'm at
today
rich why not points it that's so awesome
I'm in the 20s that's great you know
it's a struggle but been working on it
so pretty cool I'm pretty happy right
now
hopefully both hopefully I lose another
couple half a couple pounds for I get to
New York next week
you know 325 or something but
I'm happy with that you know it's not
where I wanted to be I wanted to be 315
by the time we went to New York but
can't get everything you want but at
least I'm there so here we go
I don't know why I always say here we go
but here we go Wednesday just walked up
to me kitty sleeping like the dogs
either feelings you comfortable don't
even care the light that you face dear
it is time for me to shave my face maybe
did Debbie found the shaver yet she's
saying that she put in the closet and I
think she's lying about it is it
cover-up it's a conspiracy and I don't
know why so I'm just getting a quick
shave so I don't look so crappy at the
wedding cuz I don't okay
okay
wait ah don't think I'm gonna shave the
mustache
because I notice I'm just going to grow
back
whoa Wow
so here I am shaving welcome the unibrow
working over furs Britt just scared me a
bunch of times today with a taser gun to
a bad day
so one of the things that I wanted to
talk about real quick is people have
been posting in the comments of the
video for some reason that grandpa got
rid of Hannah and people invited me on
Twitter how do you get rid of him well
until we say that don't jump to
conclusions
grandpa did not get rid of Hannah uh we
just happened to not throw more the past
couple of videos because she's a dog she
likes to sleep she lays around and I'm
not just gonna uproot her from her sleep
so she could be in my video if she's in
the video she's in the video but next
time I'll make sure she's in the video
for you guys so you can see that you
know still got Hannah so when I'm back
at dad's house which is by the way when
I'll do the liquid ass stuff that should
be the next couple of days when I'm over
there that's when you'll see Hannah and
you can see that she's fine and she's
still at dads speaking of dogs uh and
yesterday's video when I was pranked and
Bridget with my broken nose this was in
view on the counter and people like oh
my god the one of the more diapers no we
buy this for the English bulldogs face
wrinkles Bridget read something they
said if you rub diaper cream on their
wrinkles that will help the discoloring
and the infection it'll help lighten it
because they're really dark wrinkled
folds when it comes to English bulldogs
faces so you put this in it and the
rumor is that it'll clean it now I don't
know she's done it yet I'm not sure if
she's trying it out yet but this is what
it's for it's not because more diapers
so this is the Taser Bridget bought
different things
oh well that's gonna be for today you
guys I missed a couple spots I'll get
left my little paul blart mustache so
yeah I I miss a lot not I see I gotta
fix that so that's gonna be it for today
you guys uh thanks to Bridget for
scaring me
today that was my way in Wednesday 228
that's exciting that's good so if you
want to see the grandpa video destroying
the lawnmower the link is below
I have not edited it yet I've been
working all day I'm gonna edit that
thing right now so but I'm confident
it'll be up enough to save the links
below so click the link below to watch
the lawnmower meltdown proud of me for
what well we're both doing good so
thanks for watching you guys I hope you
had a good Wednesday hope you had a
happy Wednesday go ahead and then
unfollow her now
so like subscribe favorite pickle boy
Richard was and that's it Francis on
Instagram British I'm the cool - oh no -
on Facebook
she's so talking Facebook at me
like subscribe favorite and that's it
