what's going on you guys does he aura
keep behind camera here and right now
bridge and I are on our way to search
for a suit it's the search for the suit
I'm going to New York next week for my
sister's wedding and I gotta have a suit
so on the way to look for a suit one
Sunday the other open on Sundays right
check the website I'm not checking I'm
just gonna assume and if we bench right
there for no reason oh well happy Sunday
gotta go look for the suit well we're
leaving right now Paul's name of this
place uh DXL it's an apparel store for
fat guys like me uh-huh
but it was super nice in there the
employee was like amazing that we were
she got a spot of water and she was
picking out ties and measuring and it
was awesome that was a good experience
so I got my suit when I get home I'll
put it on so you guys can see I love it
my god it's a nice suit I like it here
it is DXL men's apparel so leave it now
thank you to the employee who helped me
you were fantastic
oh thank you
she was amazing so thank you and going
home trauma suit okay to show you guys
and he's so he was like cussing in the
bathroom so I decided to grab the camera
I'm gonna recording he's watching
YouTube video so pass
Oh
need me help obviously not if you do I
can try fuck you mother fucker
can't be done correctly oh I hate this
mother fucker this bullshit instructions
through this little hole that I have
shut up motherfucker I'm doing something
else
don't film the shit I'm not junk don't
film this
Michael it's okay
it's obviously not okay it's okay call
James over come to the wedding
somebody knows how to tie a tie up there
I bet your dad knows how to tie a tie
that only not sizing shoes
my mom's boyfriend might know how to tie
tie vintage lens it's no hardness you
can wedding funny sorry Michael
stop filming this shit take in our Jeep
failing really fucking our well put the
wide one over this Oh what do you know
what fuck is this car I don't know this
number
hello oh you know the wrong number
now that's okay
this is bullshit they just totally into
making fun of me I'm not making fun of
you you're just enjoying the fuck out of
this it's cute it's not fucking cute as
detrimental to my fucking future now
king cross in front of the time to the
left side and this time bring the wide
end of the tie up through the loop
crated around your neck
what would you say stupid cross in front
of the tied to the left side and this
time when you intended arcades at the
time shut up
I closed you alright let's gang is still
not official the way it's supposed to be
oh but it's fine
how'd I look handsome like how you so
how this was to get an idea about me
look you're too close to me backups
things I'm not done
the tie looks good I look okay yes this
is what I am wearing to my sister's
wedding look really good not these shoes
I like if you want Michael to wear those
shoes here it is I don't know how to tie
a tie nor does Bridget now I tied my tie
to way better than you so you can't say
nothing okay
my first tie complete okay but it's
still wrong where's your first time so
fucking ripped up my mind seven pieces
so I'm trying to get this tie off yeah
breathe Michael wait you give me figures
what function they were clean they are
so I don't know how to put on a tie but
I do go me Bridget West this is not the
winds or not hashtag tie hashtag Bridget
can't put on a tie either
hey I did so that was definitely a good
time it was not a wins or not though I
want the Windsor hey you guys what y'all
doing now have to go in come here Belle
I wanna Perry okay cry again oh then
I'll pair Vera
hey fella hey Belle are you doing that
was sweet girl oh she's so sweet
well there's about nine o'clock at night
Oh red hot chili pepper shirt off too
late
yeah bridge is still up this is odd so
uh I guess I should apologize Bridgette
sorry
apology declined she declined my apology
so I was a bit of an asshole what with
the whole suit situation the problem was
and hey the problem was first of all I
was frustrated cuz I was being filmed
why
while I'm humiliated over this tie
situation how do you think you doubt
your dad so I feel I thought that
birthday praise the real problem was I
was totally crushed like I'm in the car
me birds are joking what if I'm like one
of the people who can who can tie his
tie so easily and I never owned a suit
before and I'm feeling all good about it
I'm a tie tie today and then I got home
like oh I can't do this is hard 30 30
minutes later okay and then 45 minutes
later I'm like this is a lot harder than
I thought
and then at full one hour later I'm
fucking pissed here's something that I
thought was kind of funny check out how
my anger turned into a fake smile when
the person called me like I way from
fuckness - I'm sorry at the wrong number
no that's okay check this out what fuck
is this call I don't know this number
hello oh yeah the wrong number I could
have answered the phone like what the
fuck do you want but I'm a nice guy
unless I'm in the middle of putting on a
tie that I can't do and the phone is
pissed me off I want to smash it so
sometimes I can be an asshole but that
comes when your dad's angry grandpa so
I'm I'm sorry to Bridgette I was a dick
yeah my apologies
so oh that being said I didn't learn how
to tie a tie but I did learn that my
sister does know how to tie up so so I'm
going for the Windsor knot though so so
overwhelmingly you guys click like on
yesterday's vlog which means you want me
to do more liquid ass so this week I'm
gonna go over grandpa's house and he's
gonna get some liquid ass cuz it's just
how it is another thing I wanted to know
if you guys wanted to see while I'm in
New York
I'm gonna be there with my niece's so I
thought of the idea of letting my nieces
give me the 5 minute makeup challenge
which if you don't know what the 5
minute makeup challenge is so you got 5
minutes to put on your makeup and these
are like excuse me Kim my apologies I
believe one niece is like one and one
niece is like for if I'm wrong
my apologies so if you want to see my
nieces put makeup on me for the 5 minute
makeup challenge click like and I'll do
it uh not that I want to because I don't
want you know mine easy what how hard
Michelle I'm backing out of this no
screw it click like if you want to see
it uh hopefully I don't still have
makeup on my face for the wedding cuz
I'd be horrible that would be bad so
click like if you I just scratched my
own face so click like if you want to
see that and I'll do it while I'm in New
York uh that's gonna be a free day you
guys my apologies if I offended anybody
with my anger my accept my apologies
already gave it to you I'm sorry Bridget
for being a piece of priests of to for
being a piece of crap so so like
subscribe Bebo read choice of annoying
Bridget she said I didn't click like
also if you think we're just annoying
click like if you think she's annoying
now I'm not gonna know if we're clicking
light because you're annoying or if
you're clipping like because you want to
do the makeup challenge
uh I guess it'll count towards both I'm
probably getting the makeup challenge
maybe so thanks for watching you guys
click like eating for just annoying what
for that reason because I'm clicking
like myself so thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe vapor wrench
see click like already and that's it
