what's going on you guys keep an e
camera here and bridge West they're
happy Friday
he's Friday Friday today's Friday
everybody lookin forward to the weekend
we dad whatever happened to her anyway
happy Friday everybody now a month ago
Friday would mean that I'm getting
something good for dinner for me it
means I'm not
music others like water and it means I
got to watch what I eat and I don't like
it we also got a walk readygo walks in
yep I looking forward to it so hope
everybody's having a safe on enjoyable
weekend a lot of you wear your seat
belts be safe if you go out in the Sun
wear sunblock
you know those sun rays can be harmful
harmful bugs right now that seems
harmful you know okay there's got to be
another spray because bug spray sounds
harmful don't put bug spray on your arms
that's not safe Hey look for the cloud
looks like a dinosaur t-rex
it's the t-rex cloud look at it there
here you see it better I mean it Fred
Fred the t-rex cloud
oh yeah look what else is gonna disagree
that's a good one
I know the t-rex quad I'm glad I saw
that cloud looks like nothing you're
ruining human you're wasting time now
meanwhile t-rex clouds being ripped
apart by the atmosphere what what I do
what are you talking about did you watch
the video I'm not smoking I was making
fun of Brigitte I don't smoke those
makeup on a Brigitte I don't smoke yes
okay so I'm sitting here boiling or
sitting here trying to hard boil some
eggs for the raw egg mallette print
these are dad's eggs he is gonna think
that we're all having a fair game of raw
egg roulette not realizing that he is
gonna be the only one getting raw eggs
me and Bridget are gonna be getting just
these so I've got those right here I'm
gonna put him in an ice bath right after
the finish to keep them from cooking any
further or I'll cool them down for one
so here I am doing that we all good now
we're right now so I'm gonna put the
video up tomorrow I did a prank where we
played boogies raw egg roulette where
you take a hard-boiled egg and you crack
it over your head the idea the idea
being that you don't know which one's
hard-boiled and which ones raw except
the problem is all the dads were wrong
we got all hard-boiled we pranked him
that was covered in egg that was an
egghead I got you and dad is now
threatening honey come on threatening
please okay I will pass ready I will
apologize about the ready what do you
want you'll get it you'll get it we
brought chilli six packs of ones we
already did for you put it you don't
wanna get I wanna put one on your big
ass I will have two rods that I'm aware
them me and Dad we go feels like your
big me and Dad against Bridget yeah oh
yeah you eat out yup you're used to on
the private I won't be joking ass with
it and won't you go
- hi how you like the cigarettes I
rolled oh yeah
I appreciate you get above oh I'm
getting away from you okay you are
scared that I so we're watching mutts
Friday Night Smackdown with dad and once
again they have advertised $9.99 for the
WWE Network by having a shirt made but
you know they're doing good
no the no I know they say that a WB lost
like almost like a half a billion
dollars last year
there's chicken feed man know that Vince
that man has like 300 million now or
something like that
what yeah it's a man oh my god that's
born a ghost our Jesus 300 million oh my
god wait but Yogi's maybe the
stimulation is good man give me your
pity so here's $300 you go by fuck
there's a man it makes me out to be a
god but that's a big drop for let's say
Oh No
a big jobs when I want a goddamn
hamburger and I can't go get one then
the main go to goddamn anywhere in the
world evolves and get all the biggest
burger Telos $308 then I got no sympathy
for that bastard
then screw him the thing is in February
he was a billionaire oh never again
forget your demo no going back
the motherfuckers bringing down losers
that is the right pizza right yeah Oh
have you uh yells I ask you these are
their new sweet peppers really if this
was me if you dip it in the garlic sauce
it won't it'll be like delicious
what oh wait you think you didn't give
it in the garlic sauce then it gets
sweet when you dip it in good can you
get it better huh
there now watch again sweet
you line up oh that's right that's
doesn't exist what are you doing whoo
that's sweet
damn that's so stupid didn't realize
that the real sweet pepper was in the
other box
next time you look for the sweet peppers
that loop for the axe or tail hanging
off that's the sweet pepper
well you know what I think it's a
relative are you
how's that
better god damn
go now now but you loved me oh you can't
see it on video but this tree right
there
yeah I know it's a girl fuck you to come
back to get involved
hey she got cheated
it's all blurry so just now I asked
Bridget to carry this box of bumper
stickers and I want them all signed by
the way hi that's what we're doing no
you see I mean you gotta sign right what
I was all those find why because written
and I young it to bumper stickers with
our signatures okay so how do they get
this all that God do same ways the rest
man I gotta have the light on same ways
to wristbands if you live in the u.s.
send me three dollars in Canada semi
three yes send me three dollars in
American money if you live overseas send
me Wayne Matten
three dollars American four dollars
Canadian okay we gotta go
four dollars we live in Canada American
money and five dollars we live in to you
kid I really like it how'd it do it's a
good-looking bumper sticker and it's got
signature zona oh you've already signed
these yes I just signed on you did I'll
sign all these oh my you kidding me hey
my youngest come first that take take
the box and go home
don't open that damn thing
well these are the angry Grandpop bumper
stickers give them just like you get the
wristbands you send how much $3 American
how much American $3
how about how much American how many
dollars three yes but I mean in US
dollars US dollars okay but how many
quarters is that oh my god who gives a
fuck
get out of here Michael you got a handy
there okay so they send you three
dollars just like the wristband right
Canadian stands for and the UK five and
by the way the ribbon would you get out
here now Stuart get out kick you damn
shit and get the hell out of my house
all right good night Michael thanks for
eating my peppers and thanks for almost
up all the bumper stickers just now
you've been picking up a good Bob
Michael I'm going well
light turn on a Mel was a fail I want to
do that in turns on so anyway that's
gonna be it for today you guys I'm gonna
talk now thanks for watching you guys
tomorrow the video comes out I know we
signed some bumper stickers that should
be fun if you want a bumper sticker peel
Box informations below
you heard the prices in three dollars if
you're in America and we'll send you out
the bumper sticker I think goes for all
those Canada five dollars for the UK and
they're signed so anyway thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
beverage stealth ID it's all shaking
back I was trying to the exit without
you and then you came back
I'm at a shower thanks for watching you
guys I don't know that thanks so thanks
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite hash tag bumper sticker mmm
that's it
