what's going on you guys keeping any
camera here and happy throwback Thursday
tonight I'm going to tell you the other
story that you guys wanted to hear about
the time grandpa and I would go to the
lawn mower races Oh as I stated before
if you don't know what a lawn mower race
is uh we go to these like racetracks
it's where people take their lawn mowers
riding lawn mowers and they soup them up
and they race them it's exactly what you
think it is so have to throw back
Thursday everybody I was about to say
it's Thursday right go back Thursday I
was gonna say I was gonna say it's
Thursday but I was totally implied when
I say happy throwback Thursday
so okay hello Bridget mmm love you too
so happy throwback Thursday Bridget
today I'm also gonna put in a video
throwback Thursday video a throwback
video I was going through some of the
reloaded content on other YouTube
accounts of my videos and I saw one that
I that I laughed at and I forgot about
and I saw it didn't really have many
views so I don't know if people have
seen it if they haven't seen if you have
seen it watch it again and enjoy it or
fast-forward to the vlog if you haven't
seen that hope you enjoy it
that'll be later today but now we're
getting our throwback Thursday started
bridges starting with putting your hair
up in that little tiny ponytail shut up
don't make fun of my little hair I
didn't make fun of it oh well I'm
starting my morning off the coffee I
haven't made yet so today bridge and I
gotta come up with little games who can
come up with a hashtag quicker right off
top of the head I'm gonna flip the
camera bridge in a second till I say
hash tag hash a pumpkin ah my turn you
better be quick hashtag ash hash tag I
failed it hashtag diet coke oh this
sucks
okay hashtag hashtag leave you me to
leave leave leaf leaves okay
hashtag hashtag cowboy oh okay hashtag
hashtag herpes Oh God hey Bella it's a
great day outside hey Bella has to come
out
hashtag risk ID wow there he is
hashtag hey Oh God so just sitting here
with Bridget having a good little
Thursday sag red shit Bella's eatin
hashtag get out of there
Bella hashtag oh you failed you said
belvane hashtag game over pickle boys
won no you mother no no no no I
obviously am the winner this is me
hashtag winning this is Bridget go Corby
- I think cause I feel like come I don't
have I don't know hashtag this is me hey
hashtag Bella this is Michael hashtag
this is me what's going on you guys
happy Thursday this is you yeah
don't fidget fall back into Toba
Thursday so this is me
hashtag Thursday and this is you is a
shot I not sure oh man like okay you
obviously pound me in this this is me
I'm winning that this is you this is me
think my name is Michael pickle boy haha
this is you don't know so my throwback
Thursday story is still coming up but
first I wanted to do something a little
bit different I say a little bit
different but it's kind of like what I
did last week what I'm gonna do is give
you guys a throw by Thursday video as
well and I also want to know if this is
something you guys enjoy because I know
the qualities can be a little
wishy-washy
they're old videos but click like if
this is something that you like seeing
also write me on Twitter so I know for
sure that you guys want to see this if
you like me throw in some of these older
videos into my throwback Thursday vlogs
let me know this video in particular
people ask me all the time why do they
call me pickle boy I'm hoping that this
answers it finally this right here is
the reason I am called pickle boy this
video was from 2010 2009 even a long
time ago might have been 2009 uh this
was the reason they call me pickle boy
this is the reason grandpa calls me
pickle boy this is the first time he
calls me a pickle boys in this video it
was a prank gone wrong it was a backfire
bridges stabbed me in the back again
which is a thing that she still does
today so this is the reason they call me
pickle boy I hope you guys like it if
you've seen it before watch it again or
don't watch it you don't have to watch
it of course if you have not seen it I
hope you enjoy it either way click like
if you like me using the older videos
you know you may not like it I might not
do this every week but if this is
something that you do like click like so
let me know uh here we go what you're
gonna prank oh hey does uh what you got
yeah I got something better fucking
pickle juice let's go and get his ass
attack no cutting back getting back now
I'll be a hammer
ha ha I got it I got it yeah amen amen
I got it pickle boy pickle boy ha ha ha
hi guy I die am I looking pickle juice
in my ear
you bitch oh god I think my ass is the
OL get get the fucking get one so that
it bit the thing you see oh look yeah
fucking ass what I thought you do this
would be funny I just fucked up
why don't you setting your Abella right
now hey doing the girl me and Bella
Bella and I Bridget is over there
rolling cigarette and she sounds
frustrated by you look I didn't do it
you do that you'd grunted and stuff
though no I just was what you do this
don't my god I want to cuz you can't do
it it's fine I'll get a better one
tomorrow Dawn's way hmm that's a good
one so just now on grandpa's grandpa's
corner channel i uploaded a cooking
video this is actually a one that he
gave me a while ago he thing is he gave
it to me on a flash drive and I didn't
know it cuz I didn't know dad knew how
to use flash drives so dead with a xxx I
thought he was just giving it to me so
today I was looking on the flash drive
and I happen to see the cooking video he
made lasagna and it looked good and so
hashtag I'm talking so if you want to
see that video the links below here's a
little preview of that
and while is cooking bear boggle said
back and you've got youth oh god I love
caught your dart down come on god damn
accrual of a job
ah game not good so you doing Yangon's
bah
well it's time for me to go ahead and
end this vlog soon but first I got to go
ahead and tell you the throwbackthursday
story which today's story is the time
that grandpa would take me to the lawn
mower races now as I've said in the past
dad would always set up like a peanut
trailer and he would also sell like
Flags and leather and stuff at certain
events biker rallies flea markets etc
and so one day dad would sell at the
flea market and he got any caught wind
of a new thing maybe it was new I don't
know but he had just gotten wind of it
lawn mower races endeavor well we were
took of this goddamn lawn mower racing
shit tonight there was a race so we all
decided we were going to go out to the
lawn mower race and it's exactly how it
sounds we get out there and there's this
big circular or oval dirt track with
with streaks going around it and I see
people set up these lawn mowers and I'm
like Whitman this is lawn mower racing
these people take their lawn mowers John
Deere's and whatever other lawn mower
maker there is because I don't know one
more makers I'm turning the light on so
these people would take their lawn
mowers and they would super MUP and I
mean these things could go 60 miles an
hour it's ridiculous these things are
racing around the track and so you'll
get about four lawn mowers and they
start racing around in circles winner
gets like a little cash Cup and he's won
the lawn mower race for the afternoon
and that's pretty much it they had
different tracks all over Colombia we'd
try to find them all we'd go to the mall
and dad would sell there he had these
homemade peanut trailers and peanut
wagons and we would sell at the peanut
we would sell our peanuts at these lawn
mower races uh and usually was a good
time at one point dad or welded a grille
to his peanut trailer and we started
selling drinks and hot dogs along with
the peanuts and usually it was pretty
fun I'll admit I didn't watch the racing
but I was just there having a good time
with dad
and overall was a lot of fun it was just
something to do on a Friday or a
Saturday night then dad decides to get
the idea that I need a girlfriend this
was after the Amanda incident he decided
he wasn't satisfied with ruining my love
life when it came to Amanda so he
decided to get me another girl and there
was this she was hot I'll give it to her
I forget her name now I think it might
have been Victoria or something she was
hot and that was like you over Toria I
like oh god damn mama
so dad started off in the courting phase
pickleboy bought you a bag of peanuts
that's that's how you court girls in
Columbia and you know gassed in South
Carolina my boy got you a bag of peanuts
and a drink Michael once you go run a
hot dog will quit oh your truth Mehcad
their chili now no goddamn that's right
dad would tell me to bring her stuff
small peanuts smoke and drink hot dog no
chili and he would try to hook me up all
because he liked hanging around the mom
now I don't think dad was into cheating
on my mom you know I don't know I'm
gonna say no because dad you tended to
be pretty respectful but I know every
time the mom would come up to the Pinot
again he would just stare at her tits
and she knew too here's that you want
some up peanuts Daniel now the thing
about that is when he's hitting on a
woman they pretty much know it's
happening like I'll be walking through
Walmart with dad and dad looks at a
woman goddamn I let it fit her put as
you can see I cut it because I don't
even want freakin story dad to finish
that sentence it's so vulgar so dad's
trying to court me this girl he's
hanging out with the girl's mom one day
dad's just like you got some nice TVs
boy I tell you what for real Cameron and
the girl seemed like she was genuinely
interested in me she'd come up hey
Michael here's my yahoo email address
email me I didn't have email at the time
we're broke and then one day we came up
to the lawn mower races and we didn't
have any peanuts or hotdogs or drinks we
just came up as a spectator we just
wanted to watch the show and the girl
comes up hey where's your drinks and
hotdogs oh we don't have and you want to
hang out now and she walked away
the bitch was using me for hot dogs and
cold drinks I was nothing
her mom was using dad for hot dogs and
cold drinks but the girl comes up and
you could tell she was telling her mama
that we don't have anything because the
mom looked bad and walked away this girl
used me at the lawn mower races so she
could get free drinks and hot dogs
because the vendors at the lawn mower
races were charging too much that's
right I was used and dad subjected me to
it
so that's the story for throwback
Thursday grandpa tried to hook me up
with a girl that ended up using me for
free peanuts and hot dogs and drinks I
felt so cheap uh using me for hot dogs
giving me your email address for a drink
what would she have done for pizza we
should have sold Pizza dad we should
have sold pizza so that's gonna be it
for today you guys hope you liked the
story hope you liked throwback Thursday
hope you liked the video that I showed
earlier in the day if you haven't seen
it before hope you enjoyed it if you
have seen it before I hope you enjoyed
it again I find it interesting I loved
seeing some stuff like that I loved
having all these videos throughout my
history just to go back and watch at one
point of the video I said burger burgers
you a goddamn drink he didn't actually
say pickle boy as you saw you saw when I
got the name pickle boy it's just habit
because that called me pickle boy so
much now and now you know why he calls
me pickle boy because their pickle boy
so it was really more like Mike will go
through a drink or fair that's like you
a drink so thanks for watching you guys
as always like subscribe favorite
favorite pickle boy happy Thursday
tomorrow's Friday maybe we're gonna go
to a movie I don't know we'll see
enjoy your Thursday night everybody
happy throwback Thursday and that's it
