hello we've been in here like 10 minutes
dude this is embarrassing please get up
what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here right there today is Friday
today it's Friday and today I gotta talk
to you guys about another update on
grandpa you didn't see yesterday's vlog
you probably pause this and go check it
out in a few minutes I'm gonna be out
there and we're gonna be talking first
things first
sorry for always having bad news and
always like raining on your parade I
guess I know I'm so tired of bad news
meets you Bridget ah
anyway let's pick this up guys today
it's Friday and today we are going to
IHOP we're going to I hop hello I didn't
know what she was gonna say before she
dipped MRL who knows maybe I ha why is
it so ominous where else I don't know
where else I don't know you're gonna try
to get me go to Target maybe I'm not
going okay I'm not going I hate going to
town okay Michael it is what it is guys
today is Friday and now let's talk about
grandpa it seems like I only have bad
news anymore and I hate that I'm really
sorry you guys to keep coming back with
bad news and just ruining people's days
I'm really sorry for that I don't want
that to be what's going on but I have to
keep everybody updated everybody wants
to know so I'm trying to do my best to
make an entertaining vlog while also you
know keeping up with what's going on
with my father so guys yesterday grandpa
went back to the hospital the reason he
went back to the hospital is because he
stopped taking his medicine because he
felt like he didn't need it he thought
he was feeling better so hey I don't
need this medicine anymore but it
doesn't realize he has to make take that
medicine forever that's a it's a forever
medicine it keeps his ammonia levels
down because his liver doesn't filter
out like all the toxins like it's
supposed to anymore so he has to take a
pill to help him do that and by not
taking it it built up again so that's
what happened he let it build up he
stopped eating again
which made his blood sugar like go super
low so currently he's in the hospital
and it sucks I hate that this is what
he's coming home that's what that's that
is the most important takeaway of all
this you guys because if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog as of now they still
plan on him coming home this week what
is today it's Friday so no it's not this
week Sunday or Monday he's talking about
coming home next week really early next
week so hopefully that does still happen
he was supposed to come home today that
didn't happen but you know not
everything works out the way it's
supposed to but Dad I love you I hope
you feel better guys I wanted to give
you this quick little update to tell you
what's been going on with dad why you
know if you if you're wondering why he
hasn't come home yet that's why so guys
we're gonna continue this vlog just
wanted to give another bad news update
and I'm waiting for Jennifer again
because there's more test results that
are coming today so that's gonna be
later in the vlog yeah let's move on
with this day let's keep going good luck
baby oh dude I hate this is worst part
of my day
alright you like having kidney is right
yeah I do I love my kidneys any better
take your medicine I can't swallow them
though Michael and not to mention the
vitamin has it's like taste yeah
I did it Michael you're not supposed to
mix alcohol with your medicine
just do it you know some is mix alcohol
with your medicine I didn't yeah you did
it's grape juice come on man no what do
you gave me this I did my kidneys are
like thanks Mike right or things Bridget
now they're gonna be like Jesus words
wrong with you because I kind of want to
go to IHOP let's go to IHOP I could
absolutely do I hop sorry kidneys yo
Felix all right listen up but we're
going to IHOP how did you do me a big
salad don't destroy the tree over gone
yeah please don't do that Felix I'll
throw you over a fence
love mom no we won't but we will like
what can we do nothing you deal with it
you cry over a tree we'll just deal with
it just deal with that damn it on our
way to IHOP right now you guys just
gonna get something to eat clear my head
hopefully hear from Jennifer really soon
I'm sorry to have a sad kind of like I
don't know sorry there's always bad news
by the way how crazy is it was how sad
is it that we had the need to point out
that we were joking about phone booths
over the fence no I was like you know
what we live in like a totally
politically correct like day and age
it's 2017 everything offend somebody so
accordian do it though they cat over a
fence like there's a joke well I didn't
get rid of our cat I'll be very angry
Michaels miserably fall guys
it's a bit of a fire don't even burn bro
here's what's gonna happen I'm going to
Noddy be famous then I'm gonna go home
tonight I may be like I should have
eaten those pancakes so I'm going to eat
yeah but using a couple more bites it's
not gonna be anything but
I don't even started mine yet
I'm eating so much food I'll be like I'm
getting lockjaw good all right that's
enough
yeah so easily to lose a family before
you're good target
what yeah we're gonna target I'm
reasonably fool yeah we gotta go like it
kisses decoration let me tell you that's
what Bridget just did to me this whole
time we've been talking about okay we're
gonna do this one just go home and take
that's our target house yeah we're not
going to target I didn't felt like no
target okay and she decides to do Betsy
right she does the scene and this she
just slips in we're going to target
because now we're locked in on vlog now
I have to go to Target and I'm miserably
full I'm gonna have to get a wheelbarrow
to push me around to the store and it is
what it is we're gonna target
bananas you know how much I like
sneezing hey now I love ceasing to
better come back wasn't already a bad
enough day you have hit my sneeze for me
sorry
now gotta go target is wonderful not
going it Shannon's gonna be real happy
and Target okay they better have
Christmas cheese up I have to sneeze
when I get foolish these three times
every time what's going on shut out the
camera bananas bananas
I haven't been hearing forever ever are
you good sir all of it in here like 10
minutes dude this is embarrassing please
get up now
dude seriously
okay let's go let's go
oh my gosh these are so cute
Michael look at the fair
wiggle I don't think I want those ya
know Hey
go home alright you look drunk stock or
drunk yes stop okay oh this milk do we
have milk why
michael has to go the bathroom guys
really bad what this would still a paper
Oh
we just left the IHOP it's ripping my
insides apart right now
okay well this toilet paper I hate we've
always gotten no I get the mega rolls
these are tiny rolls I get those Oh
Michael oh dude you have a hole it's
huge
yes
what Michael put it up let's go okay
let's get out of here calm down Michael
I'm gonna flip Singh I'm ready to just
get out of this damn store
calm down it's okay guys someone almost
ran me over and report this yeah
straight up I scream that she was an old
bitch and other things appreciated but
calm down I'm okay you're okay
we almost got hit by a car that close it
was pretty close yeah and no we weren't
walking across the street it wasn't like
we're like this whoa
we are walking along the edge where
we're supposed to be out of traffic in
this car here's here the cameras us and
here's what she does like what's the
deal I know I felt like it was kind of
um perfect I totally felt on purpose
yeah it really did seem like it was on
purpose so yeah it was crazy I screamed
out old bitch
rightfully so she is she's an old bitch
there we go all right you feel better
not really I saw where she parked we
should go confront her okay
no come on we're gonna get sued no jail
way are we going home now I'm not
covering the lens okay we got to stop
covering the lens but it breaks the
camera guys let's go home yeah just got
an update from Jennifer you guys things
are not as dire as we were thinking it's
actually pretty good news they bring a
battery of tests on grandpa they ran his
labs as urine his blood everything and
it's not looking that bad it's not as
dire as we were thinking grandpa should
be come
home next week fingers crossed Jennifer
thanks for the great news you made this
day a lot better because number one I
almost got ran over at target number two
I almost pooped my pants and target
number three I've now decided not to go
back to target number four Bridget loves
target so I gotta go back to target by
the way for those unaware we've got a
grandpa store we've got hoodies hats B
Me's everything you guys could want we
have it the angry grandpa store it is
officially December 1st which means
Christmas is only 25 days away if you
want to end time for Christmas
you gotta order soon does link is below
if you haven't seen it guys I'm also
thinking about doing a giveaway not not
just on merchandise we'll probably do
merchandise too but I'm talking about
Amazon giftcard PlayStation 4 everything
would be done through Keene Stars
website verified giveaway dot-com
if you haven't seen that check it out
it's where you can get verified
giveaways where people can't lie and say
they're giving stuff away and don't
actually do it smack the like button if
you want us to do some giveaways before
Christmas I'm looking into it right now
I'm trying to figure out how it all
would work if you want to see it smack
the like button gonna be doing this
outdoor one just a second you guys I
wanted to give you the update on grandpa
and let you guys know we got a store
hello if you want to check out some
shirts and some hoodies just in time for
Christmas do it check it out and then
tweet us a picture of you wearing it so
I can show grandpa so I can brighten up
his holiday guys let's do this outro
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching
pretty good day it's been a pretty good
day I really look I hop and going to
Target and the good news you know I did
not like going guitar because almost
pooped in my pants and we almost got ran
over so let's not talk about art I know
that was kind of BS bs ad pocalypse can
we just see was obviously going
Christmas shopping that's why she was
ran this over why why brightness overs
trying to get to the deals before us
we're leaving I don't know Michael
that's all I could think of I don't know
why she was ran us over
it seems personal unless she watches our
videos and hates us really 108 - no way
unless she just does
damn they wanted to run us over off the
road anyway guys we're getting out of
here dad
I'm glad you feelin better hopefully it
keeps going this way Jennifer thanks for
the good news and remember you guys
smack the like button if you want some
verified giveaways and we're gonna do it
oh I'm so excited for that so you know
it was Bridget's idea I love you guys so
I would love to do a giveaway guys let's
do some Amazon giftcard giveaway is
anything like subscribe favorite fun
everything for to us and when you said
yeah I was riding my hair
you
