what's going on you guys to be on camera
here and it is way and Wednesday also
today I'm getting my horror block from
it's like it's like the lootcrate horror
block getting that today so that should
be cool but first his way in Wednesday
so I'm going to jump on that scale and
let's see where I'm at today this is the
new scale it's exactly like the other
one we had gotten another one where's
that that bridge must have found it away
we got another scale it was piece of
crap hung adjacent to the one that she
returned so I think she's returning that
one as well but we got this one which is
just like the other one three thirty
point four I was 335 almost 335 last
week so that is almost four pounds so
that's awesome cool I'm really happy I
couldn't get over this 334 slump I was
like stuck on it so now that we passed
it I can start progressing and moving
forward I feel like I'm losing some
weight I lost two pounds so this is my
moment
don't take you this from me so I'm just
kidding
regulations yeah so good way to start
off by Wednesday with or pizza no I'm
just kidding I'm totally joking
haha so do you see it now he was a
really joke oh yeah oh god whatever you
peed here we'll see next week when I'm
under three thought I'll definitely be
in the 20s next week have to be Jesus
how exciting and you have any regrets
for breaking the scale cuz it took so
long to replace it huge regrets no text
nope I thought it was real funny well I
got text message it's from Walmart that
says thanks for their business what's
going on you guys bridge Oh is he all
right
my god is annoyed with that too okay so
for the month of August I lost 15 pounds
go me and today I lost two pounds I
checked cuz I weighed myself and my goal
for September
is another 15 hopefully I can do it
my goals would be any less awesome oh
man
superstar yeah I'm newly moonwalk Huayra
watchin America's Got Talent well you
should be auditioning alright here we go
you ready all right Michael
come here hey bad angle that a go-go are
you guys keeping a camera here most
laughing what I was trying to kiss your
feet
well oh I got pumpkin socks hey come on
you guys
keep your camera here no you can't go
going on oh my gosh you really can't
even see my feet kicking hey
okay enough already huh okay so today my
friends it is time for oh you do that hi
block hey friends
today's horrible how's that good or
block him I don't feel I have OCD and I
don't feel right about the Hey
I need a clean I'm sure he beaten the
Box tool anyway like going nah so guys
so guys to forget it does that with high
fives too by the way
yes it's OCD and I did shitty ones I'm
perfect you were talking as I get a good
one today everybody today everybody
today everybody
I'm eating my fun oh please
okay wait I didn't move my vision I
can't deal with this holy shit a jigsaw
figure now god that's creepy
first thing I see is a saw figure and
this is Wow that is sake that is Amanda
when she dresses up like the pig lady on
saw that's so scary
Wow this alone it's already worth the
price of our blood yeah I like forget
love horror blog so there are stickers
in there wow that it's it features oh it
even has Billy the puppet in the
tricycle
oh that's cool so the first thing I got
in here was that it says the jigsaw
killer but that is not the jigsaw killer
that is Amanda as we later learned of
the series I like that sure as you
always will be last why o copy of Tales
from the Crypt can I see my par blog
package please it's just so cool so
tales from the crypt comic what story is
I'm gonna read this later 64 pages of
vintage horror this is neat
I'm reading a purse so we gotta cut this
I lower bot copy of Tales from the Crypt
that jigsaw figure it's so cool premium
multi-surface decal which is a sticker
of sorts car stickers it's a it's a
decal stickers are my new socks and I
think it like sucks more it's a zombie
see Kathy looking like a window or
something I'm so putting it on a window
so there's an installation so this is
what it looks like
that's cool we'll figure out a place for
of course Rue Morgue magazine oh yeah as
always which I love the room orgs these
possible that the mask actually comes
off and it shows taupe in the middle
mm-hmm now we have a a bone pen yeah
it's mine
no it is not I worn it no here you have
last thing and this is a lot of green I
want that to make you think of alien oh
it is it's from aliens can I have it
you fit in this any size bigger here we
go how'd you do that
magic magic this magic presently look
really horrible if you look really bad
like I'm gonna be right here and then
we're here oh so good horrible off to
you I love this morning I've got a copy
at ounce in the crypts we've got the
jigsaw figure room art magazine the
phone pen the zombie decal I really like
this month I can't wait to see October
quite be enjoyable horrible I agree I
was like totally an advertisement out
there quite the enjoyable back to you
Michelle
so bridges over there smoking so I'm not
trying to scare I'm just gonna jump out
at her I've never been to this side of
the house before it's just using totally
not gonna expect it so here we go
what if I lose
Hey
so I just got yeah that was way better
than me wetting the bed prank never
wasn't that was like I pumped yeah you
just might oh you wait oh no no no you
wake st. done bitch you're done why'd
you call me a bitch that was insulted
God
Haga stairs with some trick because oh
yeah show people your cigarette Brigitte
rolls our own cigarettes now yeah I
don't like to smoke rocket fuel okay
listen you lose more cigarettes oh those
ones are mistake oh hey yeah well you
didn't get what I was doing stop so
these are mistakes overfilled no just
stupid
we decided to stop giving our money to
corporate America and give to another
corporation cuz we're all around
cigarettes yeah by tractor Stanley just
being around she's making me cough bug
spray
ammonia she's going the hipster out and
talking about all the stuff that's
inside cigarettes now God don't you know
how bad this for you what is bad
Bridget's heart of smoking rolled
cigarettes today and her back's already
cured no dude I thought a back payment
like I got checked for lung cancer three
times dear sir to God
that's true one of the reasons bridge
you can get me while I'm sleeping is
because I don't even know what to prank
with her anymore
she'll wake me up sometimes it you know
8 o'clock in the morning Christ you're
gonna talk to think of lung cancer and
this will come home everything is fine
medical Val grab this this is Bridget go
take a cup like cancer so this wrong she
comes home because everything's fine
nothing is wrong with my love Jesus I
don't have lung cancer now going to
later either pickleboy smokes
it's awful how can you enjoy this thank
you if you think ya lung cancer don't do
that
I want to tell them the effects of
actual tobacco instead of buying good
okay so the difference between regular
cigarettes that you buy at like a gas
station and actually rolling your own
sick
what are you doing freak blow your smoke
in your face I hate this shit so doing
it I look cool though Naruto naked
friend so regular tobacco that you
actually roll in cigarettes has like no
chemicals at all it's tobacco and
there's you know some chemicals it takes
it you're right because people gonna rip
you apart Mikami no I am right trust me
I'm right
oh please be wrong I'm actually not and
most of my comment says she's wrong
it takes away like smokers cause like
when grandpa was rolling for a while he
actually didn't really have a cough but
then they stopped because he got really
bored and tired of rolling so he started
buying again I coughs like shit so you
know rolling is the way to go I'm
actually gonna try to convince grandpa
to start rolling again I might even find
an electronic roller just because me
roll in just because he's probably never
gonna quit I mean come on I've been
smoking since he was like three so um
yeah I don't know why Michael did that
Wow
scared to try bet Bela didn't like that
so that's gonna be it for today you guys
did weigh in Wednesday I got my horror
block scared Bridget Bridget told you
the effects of rolling your own
cigarettes I say don't do either don't
roll your own cigarettes don't smoke
just say no pickle boys talking I'm
gonna keep talking just say no pick a
boy the crime dog says don't smoke don't
do drugs don't drink don't pop pills and
don't over eat because you'll look like
this
oh this isn't wrong with you I just I
just realized that out I think I had I
think until the whole time so you
probably got I can see becomes they'll
get that thing at your I so thanks for
watching you guys wait I gotta close my
eyes for this wait so thanks for
watching you guys like just subscribe
and say no scribe favorite unsubscribe
from Bridgend follow me follow me follow
me why me and then unfollow her
