what's going on you guys queue behind
the camera here and today it's throwback
Thursday which means number one I'm
telling the throwback Thursday story and
number two I'm still watching Simpsons
what yep and there's also throw away
garbage right there that we have to take
to the trash can so happy throwback
Thursday everybody I'm going to tell the
story later on today hopefully you guys
like get everybody wanted to hear it
hopefully it lives up to what you think
maybe it won't we'll see but next week
I'll be telling the story about going to
the lawn mower races with Grandpa and
also every simpsons ever because that's
why yeah I don't know why I say that I'm
just addicted to it right now so anyway
that's what's going on right now good
morning Britain wants to show me some
old video of Clyde for throwback
Thursday which I'm not interested in
seeing but I have to see it anyway so we
have a couple of old videos Bridget
found today of Clyde I don't know if
they've ever been seen before so here we
go for a little mini throwback there I
guess it's not a mini throwback Thursday
because it's still throwbacks oh here
for a little throwback Thursday is Clyde
and Bella and lazy from way back when
not that long ago I was just might hit
pause from way back when last year
I see
better be watching
negative
ah
Oh
Oh
lazybone ah like over toy he'll just run
with it the whole time
Oh
oh my god I don't Bridget does not know
how to throw a frisbee
hi Bella peek mama okay Bridget like
that I'm doing and you go chase it how
awesome and smooth that was better
see my favourites and Carter hanging out
together that's best friends forever
ready going Bella again there hey
Phoenix lazy so I don't know if it got
on camera or not but just now lazy just
grabbed the viewfinder of the camera
with his little mouth tell me another
sunset nope Brad you just telling me I
gotta tuck her in and I'm sick of it I
gotta tell my throwback Thursday story
soon that is the story of the time
grandpa tried to hook me up with a girl
and what an embarrassing story
Oh what you never told me
well first I'm gonna go ahead and let
you hit reverse from a song I did about
this girl uh check this out
I can't believe she'd ever do me wrong
baby please tell me that it isn't true
fuck it oh I can't believe she'd ever be
typhus what the fuck my family and baby
Jesus man I need her near me where's my
sanity
how was he was he better in the Bethany
a bigger dick is stronger yeah Betty yes
I'm sick of big never working now but
this time was different man I think I
need to call them talk about a while
just so we can see where we stand is she
finished or a second chance man Amanda
can't you hear me girl don't make me
fucking beg you cheated on me with my
brother took my heart and ran it in the
ground without it to you left I never
had a chance he's get by moving doing
with my fucking life we stood there walk
word in our silence and you closed your
eyes you tried to keep lean on silver
girl there isn't time to fix the broken
wheel it's time to toss it in the air to
fly sister living in shame I'm bigger
dealing with pain I'm taking
name I'm sick of saying the same I'm
sick of growing in a dumb picture trying
to change I'm sick of living with hey
big goes well it's almost at for today
but first I wanted to tell my throwback
Thursday story so a lot of people were
asking me to tell the story by the time
grandpa tried to hook me up with a girl
so that's why I'm that little that's
what I'm gonna tell so the story is
about a girl named Amanda uh she lived
down the street from us and I saw her
and I was like wow this Chickasaw she's
beautiful and you know she's great and I
had a huge crush on Amanda and I wasn't
gonna say anything because I'm just not
smooth like that so I decided not to say
shit but dad saw me looking at her and
she left looking at a minute we wish to
but meant that like oh yeah man that's
high what dad's friends with Amanda's
father so dad is telling me what to do
so you need Luke Rooney try to hook up
with a minute
so dad told me the way they used to do
it back in the day was love letters you
need to regularly let her tell that you
feel about it so I decided to do it I
was gonna write her a letter and I did I
put all my heart into it I think you're
beautiful and you're sexy I didn't say
sexy I think you're beautiful and you're
funny and you're smart and you're really
cool when I read it I Q and it was a
bunch of bullshit and dad takes the
letter and he delivers it to her mailbox
he's got a litter are here we go he just
drives your house puts it in the mailbox
a few hours later Amanda and her mom and
dad come over to the house and I'm in my
room hiding I'm pretending to be asleep
on the floor it's like six o'clock at
night I don't want to be bothered but
I'm like oh my god
oh she's got the letter and she reads
the letter and she spends the next hour
in dad's room typing a reply to me and
she gives me the letter and it's a whole
bunch of oh I you know I like you too
but I think we
to be friends and I really like you as a
friend and a friend and a friend and
it's son so I was crushed
oh just a friend this sucks and dad
being dad no no you don't gonna stop
right there so the next day Amanda's
over at the house and I'm out there her
dad makes me ask her out and dad was
totally fucking sick well I would not
order another wrestling pay-per-view if
you don't ask her out and I was not
gonna ask her out and he was giving me
shit he was getting pissed and I did it
I was like it was the most awkward ask
out you'll ever see I was like um you
want to go out to dinner tomorrow night
and she said yes and we went out to
dinner dad took us to Ryan's family
Steakhouse it's a buffet buffet Columbia
endeavour Gorge go get a break for oh
this is bad
so yeah dad has me making me walking
with her making plates at this buffet
place oh man it's a desert Oh
Cooper dessert bar and so went on many
many months of courtship dad to moons
who talked to amend us why we go talk to
Amanda and dad was doing everything he
could to you know asking her dad to come
oh I need you to look at my car so he'd
come over and so would Amanda my
nephew's birthday party was coming up
and she was invited so I went the night
before I got me a new haircut I got fade
I love that I was looking good I look
that was Bella Parton if you heard what
was that noise uh-huh so I got a fade
the night before uh and I was looking
good yeah look real good party comes and
she's just hanging around my brother the
whole time we spent months together and
it was it was a good couple of months
let's say that it was it was some good
months and you know we were hanging out
we were you know we were doing good
and then she started wanting to hang out
with my brother and I was getting
fucking pissed dude this was my height
of my anger I was turning I turned an
anger grandpa dad couldn't see it so we
kept inviting her over not knowing that
you know every time she he invites a
Rover he's driving her father and my
brother closer and closer and I'm being
even more ostracized and humiliated and
emasculated I'm like god dammit man why
won't she like me I got to a new level
of you know depression I've done this
Corey Taylor Slipknot mask and I would
wear it in the room listening to music
with the lights off and there was one
doe I don't know if I've told this on
vlog before but my brother came in and
he turns on the light and I'm sitting I
turn up leave it up and I just look
straight and my brother was okay door
shut
so me and Amanda had this ups and downs
she like my brother didn't like me I'm
humiliated I'm embarrassed she saw some
of our family disputes she saw one she
was there at one time with dad flipped
the table I thought the family was over
she was like oh my god we gotta get out
of the house
and we were you know it was a whole lot
of shit that she saw and then we moved
now was it'll be close to Amanda anymore
and then she called me one day and she's
like hey let's you know let's hang out
and I was like okay let's hang out so I
go to her house and I hang were hanging
out I go to women it was a good it was a
good day went to a room and dad comes to
ruin it up comes dad's little van
speeding up the street you gotta go to
get the Charles to the film with your
grandfather and I went to Charleston
went to check on my grandfather and I
never saw Amanda again I never saw her
again because we moved and we moved
again and she'd moved and just didn't
work out but that's the story grandpa
tried to hook me up with Amanda drove
her to my brothers and harms literally
drove me to see her and when something
was about to happen
pulled me out of there thanks dad so
that's going to be it for today you guys
thanks for watching next week I will
tell the story the lawn mower races or
trying to hook me up with another girl
that's a whole nother time so thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite Bridge West and that's it
