what's going on you guys
can't be out of camera here and right
now I'm gonna give Bridget some flowers
they just came ordered them for our
birthday he'd go thanks for the flowers
Michael was opening welcome again I'll
eventually get it one day
scissors Todd why how far up
we won our barbecue little hard way ah
this is difficult
we're gonna cut this into oh my god it's
crazy is it so hard
da Hye don't worry bird you I'm so
easily
Oh Barbara get your moments away from
beautiful flowers Oh God Jesus
so Bridget and I just got back from
walking and right now it's a feeding
frenzy with the dog bowl everybody's
thirsty well just got back and jogging
and we're about to go again huh so I
decided not to do away in Wednesday
today I gained two pounds from Mexican
food I gained two pounds from Mexican
food and a pound from Britta's birthday
party honestly I really thought it'd be
more like five to six or seven right now
I'm actually where I was last week
I'm 333 right now so I started that to
do it on camera today not for any reason
but you know I just wanna show progress
so next week I'll do the Wednesday weigh
in again and I will be under the 229 I
guaranteed it last week that I would be
not thinking about Bridget eating for a
birthday so screwed myself up I really
shredded it so way and Wednesday
cancelled for this week
just because are you agree in your
kitchen man we just went grocery
shopping we got put it all up still like
you put it up for the party the other
night this thing let's go from the party
bullshit man you don't make himself a
night Michael I meant to bring you
something got it what I made hey I made
you some ham and cheese casserole ah I'm
not good how many times little oh say
you like to take a guess when you grew
up eating it yeah let's guess the
ingredients of your ham and cheese okay
ham potato cheese crema my perfect hey
funny dads always made that he always
says you and I OMA try something
different tonight same shit every time
you had eat you you ate it coming up
Batman I would eat it today but don't
bring it to me I hate ham of always
hating ham
make a bacon one oh good idea when the
people that people wonder when you start
cooking on grandpa again I don't know
you promised them sir
menial thing and they my agent energy
I'll do it click like if you want dad to
do the cooking with Grandpa jalapeno
poppers against 90 euro you me do all
weekly cook them a grandpa I will do the
jalapeno poppers are sweet sometimes
yeah co2 a grandpa week 1 ham and cheese
casserole week to know weak ones
Casper we three ham and cheese Cal no
bacon ham bacon ham and cheese then week
for bacon ham cheese and dirt house Rob
shut up what about a cooking with
grandpa segment where you only have 15
dollars to make a make a good meal I
knew that it can be screwed up it'll you
know you gotta try that's you cook it it
will be screwed up so every week you
would have 15 dollars to make to make a
meal he's good or bad $15 you go to the
store pick up your ingredients make it
you'll give me the $15 off give me the
50 I'll do it yeah that'd be pretty good
you got to make something good every
week I can do it I can do it again see
some of these weeks will be a fail I bet
you're probably right so we do it this
week I'll make them jalapeno poppers
first so grandma's gonna make some
jalapeno poppers on cooking with grandpa
coming soon cool YouTube near you
dude what are you leaving already
yeah I'm getting nail out of here you
just gone you Ord you come by to tell me
what the ham and cheese casserole yeah
get that damn light out of my eyes say
hello the camera hello camera get the
damn light man here was a walk out the
one yeah I love it when he judge it they
would come over to kick Hugh's behind
going happy birthday happy but I didn't
even see that
oh yeah right the beginning really for
the bread of kick yellow gadget is
awesome you do not show me how you do it
dirty end I know you know what saying I
burped to do I'm gonna Rob the show clip
to see when he was doing that happy
baby was fighting man he was like happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you I
laugh my butt off how do we like yo got
that I didn't know either
that was a good video duck oh yeah we
got a real we got our we are bad yeah
get her again hi
you got the Minsky net John set the
mixer glasses on all right boys see ya
well see you Jimmy Stewart's game Luke
rate where that is what is loot crate
it's a monthly box I get your mother
cycle oh come on no I thought you were
cute other two rows up species after
species oh hey could roll over all right
cried cried cried but there we go
couldn't find you for singing oh we just
got back from walking again I'm not
going again that was my second and I'm
not going again maybe later we'll see
tonight ask me later I'll let you know
so right now I'm sitting here booking
all my stuff go to New York that's
coming in September I'm pretty excited
about it
I just want to make sure I don't get a
little bomba plane that's going to be in
late September going to Syracuse for my
sister's wedding we're going to go to
Niagara Falls
I'm gonna go on the Maid of the Mist
I've been to Niagara Falls before but
I've never been to the maid of the mist
so I'm really excited to do that
so September wedding did you burp yeah I
thought the doorbell was ringing
women a vibrating doorbell was listen to
our doorbell huh
I was about to say was a vibrating
doorbell and you guys gonna make fun of
me but let's listen to the doorbell
doesn't we'll be buzzed into prison so
it's going on you guys kid behind a
vibrating doorbell here so Felix is
asleep
it was how can you sleep when the
Simpsons are on look every Simpsons ever
why are you sleeping during that now
captain
oh I'm sorry for the nail cap full of
those oh yeah a little covers for the
nails yeah Felix's male calves they
totally work I recommend ah well that's
gonna be it for today you guys dad was
here so send your Bridget are you going
walking again yes have fun I won't be
going
Michael push yourself let's go I'm not
pushing myself and don't you push me
again they just saw that hi so oh that's
gonna be it for today you guys mace you
ain't got New York I'm thinking about
moving to New York and leave you here by
yourself no well you can't ever leave
your dad me and Adam move New York and
leaving you here
you would never move in New York so
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching it was Wednesday
tomorrow's throwback Thursday I'm gonna
tell the story tomorrow by the time
grandpa tried to hook me up with a girl
you guys overwhelmingly wanted to hear
that and then the next week I will tell
the story of the lawn mower races so
thanks for watching you guys
hashtag no dimples hashtag no dimples
nothing the hashtag today I don't like
it don't like no dimples as a hashtag
hashtag no dimples so thanks for
watching you guys
hashtag no dimples like subscribe Dave
she's laughing and I can't continue
favorite done and that's it
