what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and it's Bridget's birthday
bitches your birthday and god bless you
this day from you my ain't my birthday
it's sad
whoever can get sad over a birthday is
stupid Michael are you sad every
birthday
well life
happy birthday Bridget pink tonight I'm
gonna take you to dinner we want Mexican
Mexican you want LA Coretta yes that
sounds good
so right now Bridget and I are just
driving around I think I'm trying to
find stuff to get her for her birthday
and she refuses everything I don't want
anything do I do we leave the house
it wasn't fun just driving around
ordered me flowers so she keeps refusing
everything for her birthday I wanted to
get her something I am gonna order you
some shirts no what save it for
anniversary I'm outside bring our
anniversary this year because we're
gonna break up in October okay
anniversaries November 8th oh it is no
it isn't
I'm joking obviously 16 literally is the
17th we went on the movie on the 16th
that we came official the 17th well I
hate November 17th it's 16 it's been a
it's been a good day actually oh yeah I
did some walking today did some walking
oh yeah
that cheese dip is lethal it's lethal it
sticks to your ass for like three days
no no man your ass becomes chunky cheese
dip I mean that's why you know so just
look just an extra walk in it's worth it
we refine before they're makes I'm gonna
go home so I can open my loot crate
that's on my birthday
cancel well happy birthday not to you
happy celebration pickleboy I know
what's going on you guys it is time for
loot crate that's right
got my loot crate we're gonna check it
out we're gonna see what we got this
month let's go ahead and open it up
first thing we see very cool box light
is flickering fix yourself all right
here we go
so
I'm a freaking ninja turtle so Ninja
Turtle glasses these are pretty cool
they're not pretty cool but this is
weird we have this Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtle whose action glow-in-the-dark
Raphael so this is pretty neat this is a
good box already I'd really like this
there's no shirt this month next up
we've got a pop toys guardians of the
galaxy Groot
I have yet to see guardians of the
galaxy well I'm a big fan of these pop
toys I really like them I really want to
go seek guardians of the galaxy looks
like this glows in the dark
it also says it's an exclusive that's
really cool I really like that though
next up a Sonic the Hedgehog air
freshener this next thing I don't know
what this has swings these look like
they go into your shoestrings and it
looks like your shoes have wings which I
won't be doing that I'm not gonna use
these if this is something people are
into that's pretty cool nothing but I'm
gonna do I'm not gonna have any swings
on my shoe but got him anyway we've got
our loot crate magazine heroes edition
so that's pretty cool we got Ninja
Turtles and Sonic the Hedgehog and Mario
I didn't get any Mario stuff it says
Mario on there but here's the button
they have Batman on it which there's no
Batman in this box so why would you TV
with Batman if you don't have it then we
have this magnet I don't get the
reference for this it looks like it's
like a cereal box parody if you know
what this is about
let me know because I don't know what
this is but the last thing is some
digital loot bonus stuff
from Doctor Who Legacy Defense Grid the
awakening in gauntlet I don't know what
any of that is I've never seen Doctor
Who before but that's this month's loot
crate let's have a gander yes I just
used the word gander
so we got the song of the hedgehog
guardians of the galaxy the swings
heroes edition the ninja turtle and the
Ninja Turtles glasses and that is this
month's loot crate no shirt I'm
disappointed but
it's still worth 11 bugs well it is
almost time for Bridget to go Wow for
her birthday dinner and I'm completely
red right now
well it's almost time for bridges
birthday dinner
I told her to choose what she wants
please God don't choose halls chopped
house because that place is expensive so
here we go on the way to bridges
birthday dinner cuz I'm not an asshole
after all I'm a good guy I think no I'm
not well
Bridget's birthday right now Monday I
could be watching Monday Night Raw right
now look at the sky it's dark
I'm missing Monday Night Raw because
Bridget wants law kureta I thought you
wanted house Chophouse that's too far it
is a little far hauls chop house
downtown and it's very expensive we went
before and a slice of cake was $20 dad
got a steak for almost $100 so best meal
of your life man so but we're at law
caretta right now for Bridget's birthday
I guess I'm not such a bad guy yeah I
want to watch wrestling let's go
okay so I got fajitas Brigit carnitas
best thing ever
isaiah 14 community just got back from
bridges birthday dinner and I realized
that dad left this I was half at the
house when he was doing the money mail
bag well there it is that's pretty cool
whoever made that man it is amazing and
just as amazing was the luck errata holy
shit that was delicious
I'm just sitting here watching Monday
Night Raw Bridgette is now upstairs
going to sleep and so that's it I'm
gonna do is sit here watch TV cuz that's
what I do one Mondays I do nothing but
watch TV and I'm gonna be watching The
Simpsons after Monday night Raw's over
because every Simpson ever that's why so
thanks for watching you guys
Bridget I hope you had a good birthday I
hope you enjoyed LA Coretta that's where
you said you wanted to go I don't know
if that's where you wanted to go or not
my jaw clicked I don't know if the video
picked that up but I heard it was my jaw
so anyways hope you enjoyed luck arete I
hope you had a good birthday I don't
celebrate birthdays I hate them they
make me sad years anyways you know the
deal you know the drill you know me you
know me more than anybody else so thanks
for watching you guys
Bridget happy birthday I love you hope
you're sleeping well
happy Monday had my lootcrate that was
pretty cool
had some Ninja Turtle stuff in there so
anyway thanks for watching you guys I
feel like I keep getting dark so let me
turn that on so thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite Bridget
west and that's it
