what's going on you guys chippy on a
camera here
Bridget west they're great right there
but you care much man oh you do that you
said it so happy bunch man official here
Pudge man official right there oh we got
your life me to get back to you from
your gun yeah we have that still photo
about that it was a while ago so Bridget
just found out she got pranked it still
was my party in the end it's my party
forever you didn't get one this year you
feel good your strawberry on your head
that's tasty so Bridge just got pranked
her family was in on it
hailey Lane wasn't in on actually she
just got here too late she knew about it
she was gonna be part of it you doing
okay I feel a lot better that it was a
prank yeah but that you still these are
still my gifts actually that would've
been bad
how come you're not eating your cake
actually I'm full consulting I hate
stuff so gonna be having some party now
bread thought dad's left so dads
officially not part of Burgess party and
her grandma actually or grandma confided
to me that she hates Brigid secretly I
made that up I made it up but they have
to hate you a little bit to prank you
like that well Greg is leaving you this
and you forgot our house yeah how do you
turn this thing on cuz I couldn't figure
it out oops oh it's dead man it's dead
killed it did we knocked her over we had
turned off how do you not turn this
giant yeah you've turned a big bright
light on him in a drawer it's still lit
but let's leave it on and shut it yeah
that's how your homicide oh don't feel
like what do I do with this thing put
this in your mouth yes I did I'll put it
somewhere else too but don't worry about
it I don't care about that it was this
was flashlight inside a kid behind a
deal
that's gonna be the next
I agree now if you picture the
flashlight for the logo flashlight
behind the flashlight inside of a kid
beyond ideal whatever no I appreciate
that though yeah man
smell it make sure it's good to you
Bridget would you aah
that's that seafood smell hey well
thanks for coming Greg yeah thank you
and I think you're going to dad's house
tomorrow eh yes Greg is going to Dad's
house Tamar's gonna do some filming uh
hopeful I think I'll hopefully he gets
shocked with a Taser that's what he
wants don't you it might happen it might
that'd be good to see for five seconds
if he does this I'm promoting it you
guys gonna see it the link will be below
him getting shocked that was the deal I
tested off the pepper spray so I have to
test out taser to see which one is
better for defending yourself okay yeah
we're gonna get your expert opinion max
yeah yeah subscribe to Pudge man below
he helped us prank Bridget
fuck man official here subscribe hey
well Bridget family just left prank went
off without a hitch that was really
meaning it was not that come on think
about all the prints you've done to me
do I even have to go down the list yeah
but I would never do something like that
now here's the thing that is just one
prank
hashtag fuck you hashtag more to come
you are tagged I'm getting you back
hashtag you said you couldn't be gotten
and you got got hashtag will again
hashtag soon hashtag you get got again
hashtag copying me I'm taking the
hashtag system hashtag I'm subscribed
from Bridget less YouTube channel
because she's sick now do you want
officially want a meatball sandwich
already know why don't you like them
we love them the bread gets too soggy
gross
hashtag haha hashtag every Simpsons ever
well at least I got presents in the mail
from people and thank you so much those
are your presents the stuff I was
opening no that was for you open another
so fun so it's still your stuff so fun
you guys might gifts from you I didn't
get you your gift from me was this prank
happy birthday my gifts coming the mail
next week I couldn't order you any
presents coz you would have bet you know
I wanted you to think I forgotten your
birthday oh that let me pop it now well
is the next day and print it is
scrubbing the mess from the party I
can't believe you didn't help me wait
Bridget you did it from I woke up and
she was already doing it oh I didn't
want to do it last night I was only
doing the kitchen though you were
freaking sitting there while I cleaned
the living room and that look Bridget
every Simpsons Evers on I don't care
every Simpsons ever FXX if it helps make
you feel better that looks good
thanks I don't get why the Boston
Terriers on top but I think it looks
better so last night was Bridges prank a
lot of you were asking me if this was
the prank I was planning and yes this is
the one that I've been planning for a
while I wanted to get her for her
birthday I wanted her make her think
that you don't want her birthday I'm
being you know the one being given the
party for but it's not the only one I
got a lot more pranks planned for
tell you something now I thought of the
best revenge
so anyway I'm not scared of her pranks
so I'm not so anyway so last night was
the bridge of prank and it was a good
time you know I really enjoyed her
family it was really cool and it was
really cool but you know her mom to
bring me the cake and it was really
great as you can see it on bridges face
she was ready to blow you'll notice in
the video I had a tripod set up with
another camera I never used it uh-uh
I just never used it but I will show you
now take a look at this they alternate
all the I said that really strange the
alternate the alternate I did it again
the alternate camera angle are very very
going surprise so this is the other
angle of the big surprise moment did
bring a badass
Oh congratulations my little plan
oh man I'm done I bet you get it
200,000 subscribers everybody yeah great
not everybody here - hey you ain't
getting in your body okay what is this
thing the Wizards love what the hell
so there is this thing sitting here and
it looks terrifying know what it's
poisonous
is like a newborn lizard
is not running that's the weird part
well that's gonna be about it for today
you guys pranked Bridget last night that
was fun
tomorrow did you watch your hashtag okay
hashtag lol tomorrow I'm gonna be
unboxing my loot crate that's gonna be
good
that's tomorrow huh feel pretty good it
is freezing that house by the way we
need to turn the arrow watching The
Simpsons every Simpsons ever I've been
watching it for days the chick don't you
even consider that um the team I'm gonna
keep talking louder I don't care about
what she's saying and her hashtags are
so dumb brick I'm pretty sure by now
you're fine with a Bridget it was a fun
little prank so thanks for watching you
guys so when the meatball sub thing I
wanted you to not enjoy dinner Hey
because you're on a diet I wanted to
help you stick to it but make a food you
hate it but I happen to really love so
they were good that the Julie's eat a
meatball gags AHA yeah we went to
McDonald's for Bridget's birthday I
wanted her to think that was her gourmet
meal for her birthday and Bridget ended
up getting what was that it was a bacon
quarter pound or something yeah I got a
freaking small number seven what uh was
it good I think it was not good Odyssey
was I never tried before and I've had
better
so Bridget birthday dinner was McDonald
oh I can't help but you don't like
meatball subs I didn't know ahead of
time I didn't make one potted
daddy one freakin button bridge huh she
wanted to turn the meatball subs
everybody else was enjoying into
spaghetti one part there were two parts
for reading and guess what in the end of
the night there was one meatball left
which means just forget to enjoy
McDonald's so thanks for watching you
guys I'm gonna talk louder than Bridget
can because I'm better at doing this she
tried to throw something thanks for
watching you guys
oh thanks for watching
