good morning you guys fridge of us tiara
and today I didn't go walking because I
woke up a little too late and I checked
the weather and I said it was a hundred
degrees outside and I need about that
heat stroke life so I'm probably gonna
do my walking tonight around 7:00 or
8:00 and I'm really excited about
Wednesday to find out how much weight I
lost this week my goal for the month of
August is to lose a total of 20 pounds
about 20 pounds or 20 pounds would be
wonderful and I think I could do it
because I'm not that far off so that's
awesome and Michael I'm so very very
proud of you you're doing so good
hashtag eat apples what's going on you
guys keep behind the camera here bridge
the West not here Bridgette is with her
mom right now I convinced her laughs I
think you should go over your mom when
you wake up her mom wanted to do
something with her and the reason I
wanted to get her out of the house is
because I gotta start preparing some
food because tonight we're having a
party now then now that it's gonna
happen tonight I can tell you the plan
tonight is gonna be a surprise party and
I'm gonna take Bridgette out to dinner
tonight and while we're gone everybody's
gonna come here and set up the party and
get ready to have a good old time and
Bridgette and I are gonna walk in and
they're gonna go surprise and no doubt
we're just gonna cover her face and oh
my god I can't believe it and then she's
gonna realize the party's for me this is
my surprise party on her birthday so
happy birthday bridge but nobody's gonna
remember it's gonna be all about me
today on your day remember beli you do
not tell mom I haven't rubbed in today
you got that
you don't tell her cuz this is my day
now you don't tell my last birthday okay
lazy you got that what are you thinking
that though so tonight we're gonna be
making meatball subs and the first thing
we're gonna start on is our sauce and
our sauce recipe is the same basic sauce
recipe that I made for her birthday a
couple years ago
when we made spaghetti we're gonna go
and start this now sauce time so right
now I am sauteing garlic onions and
olive oil together and pretty soon I
will add you tomato puree
meanwhile I'm watching the every
Simpsons ever marathon so this was quite
the mess a few minutes ago oh my
goodness but I now have a pot full of
Meatballs simmering this is gonna cook
for hours dude summary two pots of
Meatballs cooking
and meanwhile I'm gonna go ahead and
fully explain to you the idea of the
prank now because she's still out she's
gonna be out the idea is for her mom to
keep her out all day Umbridge is
probably one I want to get home but she
can so here's what's gonna happen first
step I'm bringing Bridget's family to
the house tonight her grandma
her mom her dad's supposed to be coming
a couple of friends that step one
bringing her family step two is to take
her out later on and get her out of the
house while they get here and they set
up step three is to come home and find
the surprise party everyone's gonna go
surprise and of course being that her
birthday is Monday she's gonna
automatically assume that it's her party
so she's gonna oh my god I can't believe
you did this for me and they're gonna
bring out a cake for me for celebrating
two hundred thousand subscribers
congratulations pickle boy two hundred
thousand subscribers enjoy your party
full of presents and cake and food and
no one's gonna give a crap about
bridgett on her day bridgett hinted to
me months ago that she was thinking
about maybe she wanted to have a party
for her birthday
and it won't matter because it's my
party you're not getting a party for
your birthday I am no one's gonna get
her anything that's the great thing
why'd the meatball subs Bridgette hates
him it's Bridget's least favorite food
she does not like when I make meatball
subs I've made it before she never eats
them and I just want to eat that means
tonight you ain't eatin you ain't going
eat tonight cuz you don't like the food
you're not gonna be happy tonight
because they're not there to see you
you're not gonna be happy because
everyone's giving me celebration on your
day she's not gonna know what to think
our minds are gonna be going party well
then it's mine it's my party and I'll
cry if I want to my TV has not left the
ever Simpsons episode marathon since it
started I can't turn it off I'm addicted
to this Simpsons again I've got almost
every season on DVD
a couple of more blu-ray but I can't
stop watching it it's like it started
today and my TV hasn't changed once I
think one season six right now this is
Bart of Darkness so Simpsons is on
surprise party for bridge tonight food
that she hates gonna be served this is
gonna be a good night for me
I'm gonna call Bridget and mess with her
a little bit what are you doing
yeah but when you're getting back well
Bridget I wanted to take you out tonight
okay so what's going on dude hurry up I
was thinking about maybe just like I'll
take you to McDonald's or something for
your birthday dinner okay so it's about
you it's about you know I don't want to
go to sub station or McDonald's is it
all about you all of a sudden just
because it's your birthday okay what do
you want to get some McDonald's just a
milkshake so you're gonna make me eat by
myself well happy birthday anyway then
whatever dude what did you want instead
of McDonald's hulls Chop House you're
not going there you're going to you're
gonna McDonald's that's final goodbye
dude I just hung up on her so she thinks
I'm pissed off she thinks I'm in a bad
mood I'm in a great mood Bridget you're
getting pranked but the video is gonna
be going up tomorrow because I don't
know how long this is gonna take and I
don't want to upload a video at two
o'clock in the morning regardless I will
upload this video tomorrow her birthday
is Monday
I'll probably in a really taking her
somewhere for her birthday just because
I'm a nice guy cuz I'm a genuinely
awesome person but I want her to think
that she's not getting the party the
party's mine this is my day
this is pickle boy's day man I don't
know why it's my day cuz I got 200,000
subscribers but it's my day dad's
picking up the cake I told him to write
congratulations pickle boy on it and to
get the candles for 200,000 so dads in
charge of that he's also in charge of
getting some people over for the party
so that's tonight video will be up
tomorrow looking forward to it it's
gonna be fun just garbage can another
day up so some of you might be wondering
what I meant when I say Britt doesn't
like meatballs because she does like it
in the spaghetti and stuff she just
doesn't like it in Sandwich form she
doesn't like burgers which is what but
she doesn't eat cheeseburgers she does
maybe it's just mine
I don't know maybe I can't cook maybe
that's the problem by the way meatball
sandwiches not her thing meatballs and
spaghetti her think so
she doesn't like meatball subs so I
thought I want to have meatball subs for
my party cuz it cuz I wanna have what I
want to have because you know if it's
your birthday you should have what you
want to eat right you know sure dinner
your day she's had McDonald's it's also
mine so yesterday when I was at dad's
house I had a different ending for the
vlog planned the ending was gonna be me
and dad discussing the prank and you're
gonna find out yesterday check this out
well good week we've had the water
challenge and we are getting Bridget yes
she done going to the car you work out
you kind of talk about it right now hold
on I'm gonna go ahead and tell you now
what the plan is for Bridget some of the
blame well some of the plan you see
there in case you're wondering the
reason I can put this on the vlog and
get away with it is because the prank
starts tomorrow morning before Bridget
can wake up and watch the vlog so be oh
good god hearted yeah I can tell
so tomorrow night Bridget's gonna have
her
a little surprise party or is she those
pods will be on her yep because this is
gonna be a pickleboy party not gonna
tell you at all
but tomorrow night we're just gonna be
surprised when she learned the party
ain't far it's gonna be pissed
and we're all gonna be put you are all
part of it just imagine that face when
surprised Michael you like that and also
you'll see where'd you go
that's tomorrow night I'll probably put
it up Sunday morning Brackley have a
good night I will have a go take care of
your part I'm over we'll finish up my oh
yeah you got everybody everybody very
good tomorrow night Sunday morning when
the video comes up tomorrow night
Bridget's gettin me dad I was doing the
ending to the blog that was kicking me
out as he does give up my porch bitch
but then I realized while I was editing
it that you know chances are she might
see it because my you know usually the
vlogs go up after she's asleep and
that's what I count on but I don't know
what she does when she wakes up she
probably watches the vlogs so I couldn't
do it so I was like I better get this
out of there quick I had it in there but
I couldn't reveal it otherwise she would
have seen it so that was the ending for
yesterday's vlog so that's gonna be
about it for today's vlog I just wanted
to go ahead and put it up and let you
guys know what the prank is that is
coming tomorrow all of the aftermath and
stuff and the party planning and dad
getting here that's gonna be in
tomorrow's vlog because I have a feeling
it's gonna be too late at night to get
it up but either way that's gonna be
tomorrow when you see all that stuff so
hopefully all goes well
Bridgette falls for it otherwise this
whole vlog has a fail but either way
I'll just upload you know prank fail but
I hope it's not a prank bail I'm hoping
to get a pretty good vlog that's my goal
because I really wanted to fall for it
but I'm gonna go ahead and end this vlog
today yeah
here we go I'm like I'm really excited I
don't know if you could tell I'm just a
little antsy waiting for there's gonna
be good though
