what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here gonna get right down to the
point if you didn't see the end of
yesterday's vlog which was technically
about an hour ago
uh if you haven't seen it yet I got a
phone call and it was very very
important it's the title of the vlog so
I'm gonna get right into it
I'm not gonna make you guys like wait
but first if you didn't see it this was
yesterday who is it it really sucks
yesterday was such a good day we put up
our Christmas tree we had my nephew's
over we cleaned out my office we cleaned
the house it looked great it's one of
those situations where what goes up must
come down so grandpa was supposed to be
coming home tomorrow Friday that was the
goal that was what was happening we were
gonna tell you in yesterday's vlog at
the end of it during the outro grandpa
was gonna be coming home on Friday and
just about an hour ago gram about two
hours ago
grandpa was sent back to the hospital
and this really sucks
it's for the same reason that he was
sent to the hospital before so while he
was in rehab I'm gonna get right into it
not gonna sugarcoat it grandpa's back in
the hospital because of grandpa
he has been refusing his medicine I
don't know if it's out of defiance I
don't know if it's
because he doesn't like it I don't know
what it is I do I think he thinks he
doesn't need it he does it all the time
oh I feel fine
I don't need to take my medicine and by
refusing his medicine what's happened as
his ammonia levels have built backed up
his blood pressure has dropped again and
like he's hyperglycemic and he hasn't
been eating again so my grandpa doing
all that stuff he has now ended up back
in the hospital and I don't know what's
going on I can't go to the hospital
right now because you can only have one
person there at a time so as of right
now I'm just waiting to hear from
Jennifer waiting for her to come by and
tell us what's going on so right now
that's what the call was about you guys
grandpa's back in the hospital and then
I hate doing this everything was going
so good for so long and we were happy
and I now I don't know if grandpa's
coming home and I'm so mad about it dad
I love you I'm sorry you gotta keep
going through this stuff I wish you
would just do what you're supposed to do
he went back at the end in the middle of
October because he wasn't eating and
that was that because he refused his
madness and so guys that's what the
phone call was about
I'm really sorry for just ending the
vlog that way I know that was really
unprofessional of me but I didn't once I
got the news I couldn't like keep
vlogging I didn't want to vlog anymore
and also I could have just had the vlog
end so I decided to keep it in there but
a lot of people have been saying you
know what's going on so here it is I've
got a phone call from Lauren
grandpa's back in the hospital and this
sucks
so guys I don't know what this vlog is
gonna be working I'm gonna try to be
normal in this vlog I'm gonna try to
live life but I will have an update for
you by the end what's going on dad I
love you get well soon
I hate this for you man I love you dad I
do want to show you the update on the
house though look at this you guys the
foyer is clean we got our pink Crystal
Lake sign up the office is clean can you
believe this an office is here one thing
that I have
is this whatever that is is from a label
is now permanently on the floor until we
could get it off
do any of you guys know how we can get
that off is there like a a full polisher
or something that we can use to give
whatever that is off the floor because I
don't want to have some label like
rubbed onto my floor and by the way
Christmas tree it's gonna look better
tonight I'm gonna show you again but
this is our Christmas tree it is looking
boss Bridget you did a good job that's
gonna be it for a few minutes we're
gonna wait for Jennifer to get here like
I said we don't know anything I'm sorry
for not having information it's just
it's just how it is
this is awful how do you feel how they
even sick I feel a little better today I
hope I don't get it
you sell stuff II do I sell stuff you
guys let me know in the comments do I
really smell or taste tell baby get a
profit Jennifer get over here so like so
what happens what's the money levels are
really high how high ninety-one well
that's not as high as I know did you
septic no okay so no sepsis last time
you went in there you know was ammonia
levels were all like what almost 200
yeah hey guys
go to the car real quick give me a big
favor go to the car and we'll see in
just a minute okay all right love you
boys love you
love you guys I wanna talk about in
front of them yeah so so the ammonia
levels were like 200 last time so 90
this time how long has he not been
taking it I have no idea I thought he
was taking his messing this whole time
he has to like I'm getting mad with him
was well I'm really good starting to get
mad he's like he's becoming defiant
about something he thinks he doesn't
need it and he needs it he he absolutely
moves every time we have this talk with
them you know like those are wandering
on the other with him this is gonna have
to sync this up I'm gonna have to tell I
listen if you don't take the ammonia
level he'll die within two weeks well he
will not even he will die you will die
it take days if he doesn't take it well
it'll take days and he'll go unconscious
and then he'll be yeah and he has to so
he has to take this in as a liver
medicine it is to keep his ammonia
levels down it's like when he gets back
to like being there
we're gonna have to talk to Leo you
can't be messing around like this number
you have to take your medicine I wasn't
make sure he takes it - oh yeah right
there why didn't the like the the rehab
tell us that he wasn't taking it they
should have like I think it'd be very
important for me to know that my father
is not taking yeah they should have let
us now life-saving medicine that's what
the doctor said doctor was not very
happy about that so that makes me move
that makes you very very very very very
bad well back there one of this being
endgame here what's going on they moved
him to a room he's gonna be there until
this ammonia level goes down which won't
be even maybe three four days and then
what and then oh come on
so he still gets to come home they're
still like planning that yes so it's
just so so basically all that's happened
here is he slipped up in loves ammonia
levels build right and that all that's
also what affected his blood pressure
with low this morning how about 80 it
went down to 80 then back down to 70 and
then back up okay I mean there was that
one day we're down to 40 so right yeah
so it's not dire like last time the
problem is he's not taking the medicine
is that okay and not eating so he's got
the hyperglycemia yep 50 it's time for
you to start taking this serious he was
so late he was yeah you know every day
up until the other day I'm fighting I'm
fighting I'm doing this and he was
walking and he was getting up and he was
sitting in bed all day and he was
talking and then he's like you know what
I don't need this medicine and that's
kind of what you get when you take your
medicine you're like oh I don't need to
take this anymore
I take it now if I don't take it or
somebody else
don't take the medicine you ain't
invited at my house I don't way menu
could survive an attend even in my mind
and so long I forgot about not just once
hi that's the update you guys I'm
waiting all day for this
so although is it not as bad as I was
thinking by far it's not mad at all I
mean it's bad but not bad too you know
like last time oh yeah
so you still coming home okay yeah just
later just like probably Monday would be
getting my optimism Oh Bobby ah I can't
believe you're coming home Monday now I
know well at least you said the other
day I'm excited for Christmas so I'm
speaking you know what do you need more
tree I'd like it can you take our tree
yeah if you like naturally improving
where the dog cages where would you put
it where he put his treat last year no I
mean how would you get it out of our
house he does rise in a car okay we're
not even with doing it naked mystery
will get another tree okay anyway thanks
doc bye Jenny
enjoy the popcorn that is from the words
family I talked to the guy who's in it
it is a company and I forget where this
again Michigan made Battle Creek
Michigan I forget I'm really sorry but
the guy wrote me and he said that he
wrote us on Facebook and he was like hey
I hope grandpa gets better
here's some popcorn so after we got a
whole large portion of it and realized
it was actually dad's popcorn or so I
didn't know okay but not yeah the
package said Michael Green yeah exactly
they said Michael Green in family yeah
well then he wrote me was a ho yeah for
grandpa and you guys they're actually a
popcorn and ice cream place to win the
you know whether goes back up the ice
cream machine is gonna be parted they're
gonna say I've never had that ice cream
vanilla please oh well I scream but I
swear do you want Thanks
are you sick Jenni seriously because I'm
already sick yeah I don't need a motor
well gonna be get me out of here just a
few minutes you guys it was great to
hear from Jennifer I'm glad that she was
able to ease my mind a little bit uh I
think what I was just really sad about
most was the probability of dad or the
possibility of dad being in this
hospital for Christmas I don't want him
to spend Christmas in the hospital I
really don't that's one of those things
that it's not even worth thinking about
because he's not he's getting home guys
you heard Jennifer it was just the
ammonia levels but it just it always
seems like when something's going good
something bad happens and as proven as I
said in yesterday's vlog and now it's
happened so that's what what goes up
must come down so I need to stop going
up i I've got to stop going up so it
can't go down just I don't know dad I
hope you feel better before we get out
of here you guys I wanted to show you
the Christmas tree I know I showed you
guys when Jennifer was here earlier but
I haven't really focused on it yet
because I want to show you the tree at
night because the daytime doesn't do it
any justice right you have to see it at
night so boom o Christmas tree o
Christmas tree
ignore the fireplace okay I know we have
a real one right there but I'd rather
play the one on Netflix anyway here is
our Christmas tree you guys this is
really beautiful it is really nice to
see we have a lot of like special
ornaments you know we have lazy give it
a low blow done blur there we go we got
lazy
we've got Bella and of course we've got
Clyde unfortunately
we can't find a Norma that looks like
Felix which by the way Felix I know
you're sleeping buddy but you do me a
favor and not destroy the tree I love
you too but please don't destroy this
tree you guys last year Felix almost
destroyed the tree and yeah that would
have really maybe Felix please do me a
favor don't destroy the trade seriously
I know I forget it let's do this out for
you guys that's our Christmas tree
that's our little fire dad's doing okay
you guys fingers crossed that he gets to
come home Monday that's what it's all
about guys let's do this outro sorry to
you know have bad news I don't like bad
news okay I don't want to be the one to
have to deliver bad news I hate you know
bad news being in the vlog it just
pisses me off but that's life and it's
how life's gonna be when you know you
got somebody that's so sick but he's
doing better day by day let's do this
outro well that's gonna be a pretty day
you guys thanks for watching
wish it was a better day I do you know
it's you know was it the best day but it
wasn't the worst day you know it this
this still wasn't like when he went in
the first time we gotta stay as
optimistic as we can
you know the ammonia levels were lower
than they were and he's only there
because he wasn't taking the medicine
and wish it was a better day ok you guys
I'm really sorry I wish it was better
ah thanks for watching the tree looks
beautiful Bridget nice job thank the
house looks great nice job Thanks
you've done good kid how do you feel my
feets hurt
Bridget has him working this whole day
sick and tired and mentally spent
because of all the other stuff so thank
you for everything
couldn't do without you thank you for
everything guys thanks for watching I
love you guys more than any of us can
say they
for watching like subscribe favorite how
about everything but just and that's it
also on you I love you are
