what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here and today is throwback
Thursday and that means tonight I'm
going to tell you guys another story but
first I wanted to talk about the
question that I've been getting the most
this month when is bridges prank coming
and wow I cannot tell you exactly when I
can tell you very very very very soon
like how you like that very very very
very soon I I saw somebody saying well
if you do another bridges forgotten
birthday then I'm gonna unsubscribe
don't worry I'm not doing the same prank
that I did last year to bridge it this
is different
I got a prank plan for it's gonna be
really good I planned this prank two
months ago I've been waiting to do this
prank for two months so it's coming very
very very very very very soon how many
people at home were just like oh god
back up a little I get that a lot
actually you need to back up the cameras
um but I don't like the way that loves
do you guys like that what's going on
you guys keeping any camera here the
camera is really far away from my face
but I'd like for you guys to see me
because I'm just so sexy I appreciate
all the support that the ALS video we
did is doing as of right now he has not
done it but Paul Heyman responded to dad
this morning
saying that he's going to respond to
these ALS ice bucket challenges so if
Paul Heyman does grandpa I didn't I
didn't think that you know he was going
to do it
you know dad challenging was like up
that's not happening so that's why I
decided to challenge Obama because like
if we're challenging people that we
can't reach we might as well challenge
President of the United States but he
directly responded to dad and that's
really cool so as of right now he has
not done it if he does that at some
point during the day I will let you guys
know and tell you where you can see it
right now he's not done at but wow that
would be very cool
it's actually about 7:30 in the morning
right now I haven't gone to bed yet I'm
about to go to bed now
but I wanted to go ahead and do my intro
say hello to you guys say thanks for
everything you do I don't know why I
always do these things it's like just
like a tick so thanks for everything you
guys do liking the videos and sharing
them it's always been appreciated and I
sometimes like to just remind you see I
did it again I sometimes like to just
remind you that we really do appreciate
all the comments maybe not the bad one
so much but the support the likes the
shares you guys are fucking awesome
really I gotta stop I gotta figure out
what to do with my hands like after if
I'm just sitting here like this I feel
strange so thanks you guys for
everything I'm going to bed
see you I'll probably wake up at 2:00
see you then what's going on you guys
Bridge of us Chiara and I just want to
say good morning to everyone
I just got back walking and jogging for
about 40 minutes and feeling pretty good
I'm send alike this that was my morning
walk slash dog you know Michael didn't
come this time because he's sleeping but
whenever he wakes up I'm doing it again
be kind what are you doing
good morning you guys Oh
what are you up to oh he's so cute he's
so cute
Bella is not here right now because she
is still sleeping with my gall
she loves bad so I leave her in there
he likes drinking water so today I'm
down another two pounds and that brings
me to 14 pounds total this month
hashtag no pizza for life so we are
sitting here watching Disney's bears and
Clyde is like totally into it oh come on
it's fun
ah the Raven can spot an opportunity
from way up high that's a table clamp em
up any open one of these things anyway
and close your office mom what will you
do if you're drawing the Cubs know
something feels wrong
so I've got this new routine that I've
been doing that every time that I walk
which I just did I'll brush my teeth
afterwards that way I'm brushing my damn
teeth so it's a routine and I can stick
with it that way maybe I can lose some
weight and fix my teeth at the same time
I feel long it takes to bleed I want you
I can sing or brush my teeth on my gag
go good I'm singing in the rain
your shit
I just want to film this for a second we
got Bella in this cage and the cat and
the other what are y'all doing together
y'all just sleeping next to each other
want some hang out with me in the living
room huh what you can hang out with me
okay yeah come on let's do it so the
other day I asked you guys to click like
if you wanted me to try to prank grandpa
as pull hey man and you click like you
wanted to see me do the prank call and
at the same time Paul Hammond is
announce that is going to be accepting
grandpa's ice bucket challenge and I
figured what better way to tell them
than by having Paul Heyman do it
so I'm gonna tell grandpa Paul Hamm is
accepting his ice bucket challenge while
prank calling him is Paul Heyman hello
is this sangre grandpa this is Paul
Heyman angry grandpa I want to call you
because I got your ice bucket challenge
I got the ice bucket challenge and I've
got accept it that's right I'm gonna
accept your ice bucket well I want to
let you know first and foremost I'm
sitting here with Brock lesner language
ramp off you don't say right now that
you love Brock lesner
I'm not accepting your ice bucket
challenge
job I got it could you picture the
fucking garbage anywhere how about that
Davis I like you to give a beard I'm Ava
guy Gramp I got an idea for a shirt that
I wanna pitch to you eat sleep break
sacred paint eat sleep break things
repeat grandpa Jesus I tried yep
eat sleep prank grandpa repeat eat sleep
prank grandpa's were cute but the reason
wait wait
the reason I was calling is Paul Heyman
posted on Twitter that he is accepting
your challenge did you really think that
was Paul Heyman yeah cuz I didn't think
I sound too like him
well how would your conversation with
Paul Heyman bye bye hey come on you hang
up
she had a pine call he did head tilting
get pawpaw hey will he believed me bells
going wherever she wants where you going
you thirsty
so for throwback Thursday I decided to
answer a question that people ask me a
lot not daily but I have gotten it a lot
so people have asked me do I have any
happy memories with angry grandpa and of
course I do I have a lot of happy
memories with anger grump actually
because grandpa was pretty much my best
friend growing up you know I had friends
in school and stuff but dad and I did
everything together that is the reason
that I chose not to smoke cigarettes or
drink alcohol because I had that
influence in my life a male influence
now I say the male influence you know he
smokes like a fucking chimney but that's
not what I mean by an influence I just
mean you know I he was always there he
was a friend to me we talked we spent
all our weekends together so I never
wanted to go off and go with friends and
smoke cigarettes because I should deal
with dad so I decided to dedicate the
next couple of throwback Thursday
stories to happy memories with bang your
grandpa that way it's not all bad and
mean because there are some good ones so
first I'm gonna talk about the very
first prank that I ever pulled it may
not be the first ever polled there were
others like I think I've told her on a
story before I'm not sure but I was
three years on f3 I was about four years
old and my grandfather had this old you
know this old plaque with like a police
badge on it and I put this badge plaque
and the windshield of the car and I went
to dad dad the police are here dead oh
shit goddamn God looks outside sees that
it was a you motherfucker so every
weekend I would go to the flea market
it'd be dad and I and we'd sell junk and
I've said this a lot we would just sell
different kinds of shit knives and bells
and flags and
hats and whatever the hell just stuff he
would get his hands on throughout the
week we'd go to the flea market and we'd
sell it now in the flea market there was
a magic shop it was a magic / gag job
and dad took me to it before we set up
you lose took out this magic shop and I
would go to the magic shop and after
this this the magic shop became like you
know my home every time I'd come with
that we'd have to go to the magic shop
every week but this was the first time
you went to the magic shop so dad takes
me to the magic shop and we see this
fake finger and the finger it slips over
my real finger and it looks like it has
a giant gash in it and with the gas you
can put fake blood on it and it would
look just like your finger has been
gashed open so dad gives me this fake
finger he slips on it and we put fake
blood all over the wound and he's like
go fuck with him people so in the flea
market where we would sell they would
have these old piece-of-crap wooden
table set up they were like homemade you
can see nail sticking out everywhere so
he had me take my fake wound on the
finger and putting it into like the nail
and put fake blood dripping down and
people walking by would think that my
finger is jammed against a nail on these
wooden tables and dad be sitting there
across from me looking if you fuck with
the people so here I am here's my part
of the roll I'm saying I got my finger
on one Oh help me and people would
always be willing to help oh my god
let me help you and what I was supposed
to do next is take it off and start
running and people would get so pissed
off like one person I did it too it was
this guy he came up oh my god so let me
help you and I start laughing he goes
you little bastard so the last time
dad's like this really fuck who the
think of thing I'm gonna break your
guide to him finger so dad's plan is to
take one of his bells that he sells and
to start making a look like he's
pounding on my finger like a hammer the
only problem is dad doesn't realize I
don't know if he didn't realize it or
not my finger is still in this little
thing and a line my finger was gone he
seemed to think that it was just a fake
finger sitting there so he takes this
Bell and he beats it against my real
finger and I
oh my god I rip off the fake finger and
my nail is like black and blue under it
and death what Oh goddamn bow oh shit
and people are coming up what the hell'd
you do that for that was the first prank
that ever pulled it was dad's idea had a
fake finger that would slip over this
finger it looked like had a gash in it
and I would make people think that my
finger was jammed into the wooden tables
at the flea market and then he happened
to nearly break my finger with a cowbell
but overall still a happy memory I mean
that had a lot of them now I want to
tell you guys more of them every week
now for the next couple of weeks
throwback Thursday happy memories so
that's going to be it for today you guys
hope you liked the story it's a happy
memory just something happy that
happened in my life with dad and you
know we had a lot of happy memories you
know so I'm gonna tell some of those
flea market days were definitely happy
we had some days where we were setting
up at the lawn mower races so imma let
you guys choose what you think the next
happy memory should be so do you want to
hear about the time me and Dad would
sell peanuts and hot dogs at the lawn
mower races now if you don't know what a
lawn mower race is people take these
riding lawn mowers and they jack them up
so they can race them around a track so
do you want to hear about that you want
to hear about the time that dad tried to
hook me up with a girl and it was
actually a pretty embarrassing story
I've written rap songs about it it's
humiliating
I will tell all these stories within the
next couple of weeks but I just want to
know which one do you want to hear first
so tweet me which story you want to hear
my my twitter is at the bottom do you
want to hear the the lawn mower race
story do you want to hear the time dad
try to hook me up with a girl so let me
know what you want to hear like if you
like this idea click like if you want me
to keep telling some happy grandpa
stories on the throwback Thursdays for
the next couple so thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe favorite Bridge
West she's asleep and thanks for
watching you guys
