what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here bridge rd center part huh
so today is way and Wednesday and unlike
the past couple of weeks where I just
cut into it I'm gonna do it right now
right here at the beginning it is
Wednesday we're going to weigh in
now last time I weighed in I think I was
almost 335 334 but later on in the week
I started weighing myself and I was
almost 337 so I've been working with
walking let's eat here
let's see where we're at today three
thirty three point eight the lowest I've
been on this diet I believe was 333 last
time when I was doing it and I lost the
313 I started going back up so I think
I'm now officially back at the lowest I
had been so 333 yeah man let's get down
lower no that's a bad angle of me you
stay high
that's my gimmick what's going on you
guys you keep your arm up all the way up
down oh that's a little now shift down
it's going on you guys keep got a camera
here
I've lost dramatic weight if you can't
tell how well Bridget and I just got
back from jogging you waist wet here
than I am I'm going again I can't do it
so we found an area a path that we like
to walk we jog around it and it is long
you take you know but the first day we
did it it took almost 25 minutes to get
all the way around it and we've noticed
it's been shorter each time just now we
did it in 12 was it 12 12 12 minutes so
dude you're sweating up time now we
don't know how much as you mm-hmm okay
I'm sorting a lot
whose yeah I'm sweating but not like
Bridget but so we did it in 12 minutes
that time and feel feeling better losing
that weight finally feels good I'm
hoping by next week I definitely will
I'm gonna guarantee I'll be in the 3 20s
now I'm not saying 320 who say I'll be
in the three twenties maybe 328 that's
my best my prediction for next week
Wednesday weighing 328 yeah me too
so so 3 23 33 33 with my weight today I
was almost 3 37 later in the earlier in
the week so that's pretty good more
serious about this diet than I was last
time yeah so just got back from a jog
wait buddy you sleep in your cage he
loves his cage d well you can get more
food and there's a kitty over there just
crawling behind him I'm trying to see
what this light is we won't caught up
he's mad at us now Oh Jim good knee out
man turn the air down hey guys for just
here so I lost 12 pounds total saying
laughter yeah to mate since I don't want
too many dates since August 2nd make
them stay hey hey hey I hope you lose 12
to 15 pounds every month that'd be great
shake it up shake it oh whoa no
hey my mom Oh Birds going again I'm not
going this time with her she can go
alone
I've done enough for today let me to
glide back up so we got clayed sleeping
there the kitty is in Bella's cage Bella
is in the Ottoman and lazy is it a dog
bed you guys are making this a very very
doglike vlog this is a dog day afternoon
right now Bell you want the whole vlog
to yourself huh
this is Bella's blog I think you picture
you Bella so yesterday we did our ice
bucket challenge and we extended our
challenge back to people that we
couldn't get like for instance I
extended a challenge to Brock Obama
obviously he's never going to respond
dad to Paul Heyman obviously he's not
going to do it and Bridget - the guys
from prank vs. prank jesse wellens &
jeana i don't know her last name my
apologies uh and obviously they wouldn't
answer and then uh Jesse posted on their
vlog yesterday that he found out that
his mom is battling cancer and so I just
wanted to you know just say sorry to
hear about what's going on I know you
don't know me you bet you've done the
shoutout you've seen our videos before
but I know you don't know us and we
don't know you and you know had we known
about your mom we wouldn't have you know
oh dude the water challenge ha ha ha ha
you know we didn't know and so my
apologies for putting you on the spot
even if if you even know about it you
may not even know you've been challenged
by us and that's ok too but if you do
and you felt slighted by us or anything
that wasn't our intentions we didn't
know at the time about your mom or
anything so I hope everything goes ok
and I hope you know nobody wants that
news you know so hope everything goes
well hope you guys are good
you may not know us for fans of you guys
so keep up everything you're doing hey
Bella car
where's lazy yeah right there stop lazy
Judd new one yeah go to bed Bella
so Bridget is about to go to bed got a
tuck her in she needs her tuck-ins
people have asked me what do I mean when
I say I have it tough which all chill
out
you don't go be in the cage but you
don't better get out of there come on
out Bella English Bulldogs people have
asked why do we sometimes have the dogs
and cages they like to be in them the
English Bulldogs like there a long time
it's weird and they'll just go to their
cage and they'll sit I saw when I was
editing it so yeah that's another thing
else in there editing my own cat food
prank Mikey
hold on I'm Edna Michael so whatever
people have been asking what do I mean
when I say I'm tucking Bridget in well
Bridget is very much like a child in the
sense that she's be tucked in I'm not a
Chad I just like the cuddle it's an
excuse to get me the cuddle cuz I don't
cuddle I don't like it
cuddles are for babies babies cuddle it
I'm not a baby so Bridget likes to
cuddle she wants to be tucked in and
that's what is I'll sit there I'll get
in the bed together we'll talk and we'll
discuss the daily events maybe that's
going on in the news I'll be super funny
as I am big obviously I'll be super
awesome and amazing and charming and
then I'll find the excuse to leave I
gotta walk dude does your blow my cover
yeah I gotta work
that's how they go up the stairs they
just run and I can't see where I'm going
with his light in my face
hiya Bella
yeah I really think he prefers that
thing I wonder if he wants to sleep
there he hates that we'll be sleeping at
night and then I'll hear something like
ha it was Clyde he'll jump off and sleep
in his cage before he was just sleeping
over here so that's what we got a cage
in here because he would jump off and
have nowhere to sleep so we got a third
cage to put beside the bed so if he
jumps off he can sleep in it hey I sort
of sleep where you will sleep at night
God he's so cute
I love you come on Bella hop up come on
usually if I put our shoulder like
Jeanne having out of it turn off those
lights for you girl okay think that
better it's a cute room Bella Mia Bella
I would like twins hey you guys
Yubel repose in together hey Bella so
right now uh it doesn't count as my tuck
in yes it does why wouldn't it this
counts no what do you mean bothers
account Belson looks agree Bell so that
counts
so once upon a time there was a princess
named Bridget and Bridget found a dog
named Clyde hmm
and Bridget's our pet and Clyde and
Clyde bit Britain in the throat and
Bridget sort of screaming I'm bleeding
I'm bleeding and Clyde wouldn't stop
until Bridget was gone is that a good
bedtime story bedtime stories with
pickle boy they get dark well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching as usual like subscribe
they've read Bridget west she's sleeping
the dogs are sleeping and I'm gonna find
something on TV to watch so thanks for
watching you guys weigh in Wednesday
feeling pretty good feeling I'm feeling
I can honestly say I'm feeling the best
I have about this diet that I have about
any of the ones I've had before you know
lat you know last week I was 330 you
know last week it was 334 but you know
that was like after starving myself so
once I ate I started to pick up weight
again and I weighed myself in the middle
of the week and I was 336 so that was my
weight last so I feel really good about
this one walking daily and feeling a lot
better about that so hopefully I can
keep this up so thanks for watching you
guys like I don't know I do it every
time like like that's the only point to
remember like subscribe favorite and
that's it
