what's going on you guys okay guys home
keep behind the camera here and right
now we are on our way to Dad's house to
accept boogies challenge boogie
challenged us to the ice bucket
challenge this will be our second time
doing it so we're gonna do this thing
one last time
Thank You grandpa angry grandpa takes
the ice bucket challenge one more time
challenged by boogie2988 here we go yes
so getting here we got a change of
clothes
what's his bag smell so good I was like
trash smells good all of a sudden
so anyway bridges taking the challenge
with us this time and we're going to
challenge people ourselves so we need to
be thinking about who were challenging
okay and let's go to Dad's okay so this
is the aftermath of our ice bucket
challenge has accepted twice now by
brilliantly pick up my pickle what are
you doing all these pickles well save
that cream in the frigerator eat them
again are you serious come on dad these
are bad ain't nothing wrong with a good
people at midnight lucky so you eat
pickles at midnight oh you did sex with
hairy dude the blast it with kimchi
vinegar in it or something no you don't
think of the flavors
okay grandpa we're cycles pickles yeah
look at it you can't ever tell a bit out
the job are you really gonna put those
in your fridge yeah
good man I'm cool
okay good potato salad I can't believe
this I save everything that those beans
they've been in there for two weeks I
mean type stuff now don't do that that
that Connors cheese better that's been
there for mutt I don't believe you and
you know how all that fair they're right
yeah I gave that to you throw out no
Maggie need epidemic you're gonna get
sick oh you got this now that I gotta
have a ridicule doing this going bad at
a point all right dad I got another
flavor for you to try real quick Oh God
remember the loo lace flavors you've
been on sorry ass crack this one you
might like this is cheddar bacon mac and
cheese you trying to I'm making sure
there's make you feel a little tingle
yeah good I'll trust you people's
records Elance mm-hmm these ones were
good I smells good
even's I like
hmm good a they mmm I got it for you you
think it that I bought for you
damn you argue it I'm hello that's
obviously the only choice to make and
between choosing the chip is kind of
matter on it Eve that's good
I know it's they have a good cheddar
flavor and bacon look up bacon it yeah
you like them though yeah they are good
well you bring that out for justice you
don't leave I'm gonna leave I know you
are so how do you feel you didn't even
change your shirt yeah what the hell
hungry I think dad is dry I have dried
well good job to me ice water challenge
a second time
Paul Heyman I'm telling you Gowan
telling you Obama you have challenged do
it I'll take one show god man
they are good I think they're good I
like these I know that's the only world
above flavor are beginning they do come
out this years ago I know they should i
do that's real good chatter chatter
chatter chatter chatter chatter chatter
chatter so sing me a song and I'll go
even those people walking by thing huh
sing the people walking by put on the
show three boat again up the street get
in your car and there's Joe peeps get
out my house get out my god get out here
come on you could have said car come on
welcome to car will you how sweet of you
I'm walking back time do remember so
grandpa and I are walking into the what
is that then go on off back explode come
over go boy are you gonna be so kind
oh yeah
later well leaving dad's house now it
was very cold wasn't it I got the worst
of it oh you didn't paintbrushes pretty
please do it for me they'll probably
never even see the challenge we we did
the cold water challenge we challenged
people that will never respond and we
challenged to help people that may like
must destroy all of paranormal if you
don't know what Huff paranormal is he is
a guy that does he's like ghost box
videos and speaks to the dead and I
think we're getting a box not him for
the people he got his box from so one or
wait the home now I'm gonna go see our
little dog you see we love on our way
home that's it for right now just to the
ice water challenge the ice bucket
challenge for ALS Lou Gehrig's disease
so it was very cold I'm hoping that I
got dad a lot more than last time cuz I
wanted how I really wanted to get him
last time I only got his back wanting to
get his fried this time so here we go on
our way home
cute right oh sorry come on girl before
she gets up bear show with double barely
so adorable we're lazy yeah well that's
gonna be it for today you guys
we took the ice bucket challenge we
challenged some people on our own
grandpa bottled up the pickle from the
yard some reason your hairs though yeah
somebody want to see it so here it is
down and back up it goes just put a hair
back up so that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching check out
the ALS ice bucket challenge video with
some the anger grandpa show channel
yeah tweet must destroy all tweet
prankvsprank tweet tweet Barack Obama
tweet paul heyman tweet everybody with
everything and everyone should be tweet
it so they all get it so what are you
eating Claud so that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching every
I was gonna say what do I say here oh
yeah
like subscribe you're messing up the
groove of things describe subscribe like
like subscribe click like if you want to
see me prank called grandpa tomorrow as
paul heyman so I can say Andry grandpa
my name is Paul Heyman and I accept your
ice challenge even though he's not
really gonna accept it so thanks for
watching you guys
like subscribe what she just said
favorite be in the video tweet hey I get
it
like subscribe paper and that's it love
you guys I love you too l anymore
nope I love you more
