what's going on you guys she is back in
the intro folks ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls children of all ages
ladies gentleman do I say ladies and
gentlemen right
I don't think somehow was oh what's
going on you guys I confused myself for
I was like do I say ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls
you watch that blu-ray way too much well
ladies doing it is Paul Heyman yeah
that's not where I got it from a gun
from the I got it from the New Age
Outlaws ladies and you hear that ladies
and gentlemen boys and girls children of
all ages pickleboy proudly brings to you
kid bitch so what's going on you guys
keep behind the camera here bridge West
they're putting on deodorant she says
and today is Monday and diet going good
we're gonna go walking soon first we're
gonna go to Walmart our usual stop mmm
gonna get us some food what lately we've
only been going once a week yeah we've
only going to Walmart once a week isn't
that crazy I know we used to go to
Walmart daily and we would get snacks
and chips and all kinds of shit oh I'll
walk it off and I wouldn't walk it off
and so now we're going to Walmart and
we're not getting a whole bunch of shit
we're getting stuff that's good for us
so that's a good thing so Brock Lesnar
beat John Cena last time for the title
and I don't want to just say he beat him
he demolished him he conquered him Brock
Lesnar conquer John Cena that's what
happened last night it was
ah that was burgers from she didn't see
hurt that was a fair bats because she
didn't watch Brock versus Cena let me
tell you Bridget you missed it not only
did you miss a beating
you missed the beating of a lifetime
Brock Lesnar beat the shit out of John
Cena and I know it's fake but we all
know in real life it would happen just
that way except what ended a whole lot
sooner so on our way to Walmart what I
don't think so
I thought wrestling was totally fake
wrestling totally real fucked up
you messed up our little bit yeah I did
let's redo this Trinity never happened
let's back up a little okay so anyway uh
I thought wrestling was real wrestling
it is fake what I thought of his real
sucks I don't like this bed wrestling's
real well
we are leaving Walmart right now
that was a exhausting trap oh yeah you
got it we got us off some new food to
eat healthier food to eat because that's
what it's about right now lose I coughed
it's alright - widget we clean the
record or hopefully not leave that bitch
slops
oh then now we should wrap what are you
doing boy just laying there huh hey
Bella are you trying to get the bullet
II kitty hey bana bana yeah awesome
oh shit you cried she getting jealous
Bella all right car bu it lazy lazy
let's play fetch Q home for the ball
well go get lazy
I'm tagging howtobasic I'm tagging the
egg with grandpa get behind the camera
so just now boogie2988 Francis
challenged me and angry grandpa to do
the ice water challenge the ice bucket
challenge we've already done the ice
bucket challenge we did it in June
however because boogie challenged us
we're going to do it again for the last
time we're gonna do a one more time the
ice bucket challenge tomorrow grandpa
pickleboy and Brigitte all of us are
going to be doing the ice bucket
challenge tomorrow for ALS research and
we're going to challenge a couple of
people ourselves so that'll be tomorrow
what is that uh frog I'm gonna look for
combat - hey much that was hoping rat
doesn't oh Jesus oh yeah froggy
you see my light like a harm of heat so
first things first he's laughing at me I
feel it here you anyway being laughed at
by a frog I can't find the Frog every
time I go out there he stops so sorry
nice well if you were wondering the cat
food burrito the link is below check it
out give it a look see what you think
now I promised you I don't know if I did
promise you I don't know put it in the
vlog or not well anyway I meant to
promise you that I was going to show you
the construction of the cat food burrito
people wanted to see it being made I
want to show a little bit of it in the
intro frog shut up I'm cutting away from
this real quick cuz it's driving me
crazy when I come back I'm probably
gonna be behind the glass check out the
construction of the cat food burrito
shut up
no Bo this is cat food my boss you don't
want none of this there we go be
delicate here here isn't the full scoop
it
oh oh this is gross
Oh me that's all
Ellie sir oh my god don't you know
better than to take what doesn't belong
to you dad bean burrito so there will be
a beef and beef or pate and be very good
oh man that looks good
god this probably like bean dip I do oh
oh my goodness
yeah dasu okay this one probably give us
away
so chicas last yeah probably I can tell
you now this is gonna have a fucking
what flavor do it Oh God well being so
coy dad these are these new packed
burritos get him on that bill you know I
have a feeling that after the first one
he's gonna want to examine this so I'm
gonna mix it together this that's a good
idea
this way he'll look in it oh it stinks
oh my what a cube think I'd keep none of
it Nick or maybe help the skies flavor a
little oh my god this beef flavor oh
maybe maybe you won't notice it at first
oh Jesus this is so girls
I'm really sorry dude but you can't take
what doesn't belong to you all right
so sorry anger grandpa well as you can
see I'm inside now because I don't wanna
be out there with the Frog now then that
was the construction of the cat food
burrito
hey guys fridge was here and I really
want to say sorry Michael for for
feeding a cat shit you shipped those not
shit in there
was it shit in it hello I'm good
you better be joking now I'm gonna take
it as a joke I'm just joking I didn't do
that really but I'm sorry for any
captive um don't try to get out of she's
trying to do here that's like I couldn't
see it she's trying to get out of the
prank she has coming no but that's
coming I go I'm cutting you off them I
guess I won't be coming but the prank is
so I'm gonna go finish watching
wrestling that's gonna be it for today
you guys
Paul Heyman just caught an epic promo
eat sleep suplex repent tomorrow I want
to prank call grandpa so click like if
you want to see me prank call grandpa
pretending to be Paul Heyman I'll do my
best Paul Heyman impression and I will
call dad pretend it's him angry grandpa
my name is Paul Heyman and first things
first I want to thank you for being a
subscriber to the WWE Network for only
$9.99 so click like if you want to see
that prank call happen I'll do that
tomorrow if you guys want to see it so
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite repeat like subscribe
favorite repeat like subscribe favorite
repay you good cause again my face I
hate you
seriously bill thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite meet love
you okay get all yours out tweet me
tweet tweet thanks for watching
