what's going on you guys keeping any
camera here oh okay I got confused cuz
she didn't speak it was here for Joe
West is right there I think so first
things first
tonight is SummerSlam SummerSlam live on
the WWE Network for nine Michael
speaking Michael he's done for you but
in the WWE Network available for only
$9.99 I'll tell you what's getting worse
about this do you remember me telling
you the other day about WWE advertising
$9.99 for the WWE Network well now
they've taken it a step further and they
have taken a flag and they are flying it
above the WWE headquarters and it says
$9.99 on it as if somebody driving by is
just gonna go not $9.99 let me get home
and get this ID that's how I Drive cuz I
don't know how to drive so doing this we
don't see that $9.99 he's looking on
both sides of the road by the way $9.99
great really looking forward to it John
Cena versus Brock Lesnar I'm even really
looking forward to Brie Bella I was
Wesley Bree Olson who's a porn star uh
Brie Bella forces Stephanie McMahon I
wish Brie Bella was a porn star but I
would say were both a porn star and they
started various so summer slams tonight
I was gonna go to it that was my plan
but for being such a fat fuck I don't
want to be on a flight for that many
hours to get to California and as great
as Wrestlemania was in New Orleans being
by myself really sucked you know I'm
taking cabs everywhere and I'm alone and
being taken advantage of by cab drivers
it sucked
I loved it though WrestleMania itself
was amazing Rahl the next night was
amazing
just getting there sucked and getting
around while I was there sucked but
anyway SummerSlam tonight looking
forward to it the Beast
versus the champ for tomorrow's video I
am going to show you guys the
construction of the cat food burrito you
only see a part of it in the intro of
the cat food burrito so tomorrow I'm
going to show you the entire
construction of it of the entire
repulsive burrito also while I was at
dad's house yesterday there was an we
called a couple of the fans and I didn't
use all the phone calls so here's
another one of the phone calls that we
made to a fan yesterday jaysus he closed
the only one here get that thing away
from me yes a Skyler there is this
Skyler this is a pic of wife Megan
grandpa yes we're called its grandpa no
he's here too we're calling you up but
you left your number for the wristband
yeah
well hello Skyler hello scanner hi how
you doing done I'm angry give me my
glasses Oh big boy big boy won't leave
me alone
so here we are Sunday SummerSlam tonight
goes to Wrestlemania WrestleManias
tonight SummerSlam is tonight which is
to me just as good as WrestleMania
I love SummerSlam a little underwhelmed
by some of the feuds Bray Wyatt versus
Chris Jericho could have been better but
anyway I know not a lot of you watch
wrestling so I'm gonna move one from the
discussion now so here we go let's get
this Sunday started as I do nothing else
that's probably the end of the video
actually I think that's like one of the
first days or feelings is just chilling
with everybody else in the living room
during the day what does that mean well
back like collide feeling sleeps on his
back yep cloudy you teaching field
trying to sleep oh that's my water
hmm is it I drink water too let's go
honey
specialist D yeah okay today I'm going
to make Michael a SummerSlam snack with
food
I'm adding two flavors
hey Michael made you something
it's a summertime snack
this is last year SummerSlam yeah you're
so excited
for SummerSlam yeah yes I am too I can't
wait to see some of these matches what
the fuck is this instead is that dip
King was talking about what dipper
became talking about it was not um
waiting dip or something this ain't wing
that this is like chili and cheese oh it
isn't I try to follow the recipe
correctly it's good right
so what mess are you really what mats
are you really excited for tube rocket -
yup well actually I do care
thank you
a prepetition later well it's hot it's
not even hot it's cold no it's his heart
that is cold
I'm you duh Priya please okay
Oh
did you film you mate on the lip yes so
you can have to fill me any of them yes
great the hot yes
so Bridget made this dip right here and
I'm gonna try it now for my summer slam
snack it's some sort of chili cheese
good good thank you how much work I eat
dick just nah I had to call these it
hurt your feelings making fun of it are
you making fun of it no oh would I hurt
your feelings about it like it um yeah I
like it
they recommend people making it at home
make this yourself at home
you saw the recipe it's delicious
Paulette is that the huh I love its
mustard or what what I'll get it mmm did
you take another bite it this is a real
bad Pritchett I'm sorry I worried you
feel it
look don't eat it then it's probably I
want you added Bobo okay okay here we go
we're gonna try the cheddar chip with it
hmm yeah oh I love is the crackers of
the chili
it's that okay this is the Buffalo you
know some of these things is all about
finding the right component with it so
it might be the Buffalo chose oh yeah
good I can't eat it I'm sorry Bridget
why it's real gross
I think I'm being pranked what is that
that's chili an apricot jelly no it's
cat food it better fucking not be cat
food for real it's cat food it's cat
food apricot jelly red wine vinegar
prove to me I want to see the empty cans
right now a cat food or I will not
believe that's cafe chummy okay yeah
that's the smell it's a science diet
Mike I'm sorry I told you I'd get you
all right
you sealed your fate me promise me
promise you you sealed your fate Michael
please I'm sorry yeah I was sorry I was
gonna make a shut-in praying Reggie
you're getting it please get it I'm done
this what what's going on you guys
rejoice here and Michael is really
pissed off of me I think he might even
want to become and it's just cat food
you now is just cat food fun jokes we
just pranked dad with it yesterday you
got me with it today I know right I
can't believe it actually worked out I
thought it was gonna be a prank fit are
you eating the kitty
oh it's made for you so is that water
yes damn oh yeah like I shouldn't be
Inquisitor II
of your oxygen actions makes a toilet
water
yeah damn you I lied
you getting prank you first then he just
caught me and I'll gets you back
