oh god it stinks oh this thing where the
hell'd you get this who said give me an
everyday I hear that no you got vaguely
for me you've got it
that'd be bad guys get his batteries out
there's no batteries no batteries
welcome it's a charge woman
Oh powerful to get hurt you tell okay
where you are I love it I was trying dad
was chasing me buddy went down boy he
busted his ass I hit the chair and then
I slipped on the floor already you gotta
take care of him now
I am mine even oh we didn't hell no come
on don't prank me
I get I pranked you oh my god I got the
way over here it's Snape's dude uh as
you probably know by now I did not
upload the video a DAB with the potato
chips because this happened so all right
I'll decide what I'm gonna do with that
I feel like I broke my knee I might put
it on my blog tomorrow or I'll save it
for Wednesday we'll see I'll let you
guys know tomorrow today was the cat
what is that
and then a female got in there I'll
clean it no man I'm losing my
motherfucking lighter
Oh Oh your letters broke you broke you
broke it you only to meet you something
to eat huh can we go get you something
to eat now which things about a UH
little key yeah we're gonna feel a
cheese thing yeah hey what about we're
gonna do money mailbag huh we're gonna
do my name L bye I know yeah I couldn't
let you do money mailbag on an empty
stomach you know one sec I want you to
know that just so you know me and
brother did eat some yeah I bet we
didn't we didn't truck we didn't try any
mad at me like help you to more oh yeah
you are
be me cat food you've technically you
feed yourself cat food I told you from
you gonna get on what none of it I told
you it tasted like cat food and you
still chose to eat it
and maybe ate a second one after the
first one I can't believe you're giving
definitely Michael the third one was
like a pate which blended in with the
beans and the second one was like lumps
of brown meat with a go gravy do I look
like a pussy Mike no oh
busted my knee the hell on that Florida
good it stinks in this house I'm trapped
well send you a dad who is about to get
the stuff to do mailbag Monday just fed
him the cat food you've had himself the
cat food excuse me
so he just ate some cat food now we're
going to be I smell cat food now we're
going to be opening up some letters and
some mail for mailbag Monday so we just
did the mailbag Monday and now dad is
about to call a couple of fans these are
the people who ordered the wristbands
and gave us their number
dad's going to call some so we only got
a few wristbands left right now so if
you get a wristband you Center one of
the informations below send your number
with it so you can maybe get a call from
dad to one of these videos oh now speak
to Paul err Paul
how about Gregory how about Gregory Oh
Gregory is a grave aah oh my god
hi how you doing how are you I'm doing
great I got your I got your order for
the wristband I want to call you and
welcome you into the army yeah thank you
for calling oh my god
did you get your wristband yet yep
all right are you sporting it around
yeah I'm learning all hi fantastic man
makes me feel good I was really
overwhelmed by the youngers that are
getting the armbands the wristbands oh
thank you for calling oh my gosh well
you have a great day hey thank you
no problem Gregory bye bye good hi
Ingrid does not like to talk people like
that oh we're just sitting here calling
people who uh mailed out for the
wristbands won't you tell me yourself
yeah he's right here man how's it going
Sam hell yeah it's RV time then I'm glad
you do a morning oh yeah a bit on the
goddamn grave digger laughs oh no you in
Texas oh damn they're these big
injections even heat all right well look
in there I would've got you and welcome
to the army and thank you majority
fucking day all right
yeah I like that damn balls if I do man
forgotten no a bunker on dude who's that
cheer idea hey average it Hey nothing
subscribe will your son take care
yourself I'll be waiting for you later
oh yeah miss Peter Melissa does Anne
your grandpa
alright I know
melissa is a GP hey pop how are you yeah
there you go BA they love you I love you
do Aristarchus after that I can
accomplish in essence lumber oh my god
it's me angry grandpa this is George
Lopez oh my god is what to meet you oh
there you were gonna do a show your junk
your lighter I if you do I want to come
see you you know it ain't him right this
is George Lopez just that says people
have common names
oh sorry George anyway I got your thing
for the wristband I wanna thank you for
Jordan
take care brother you should've told me
if I started father George Lopez well
dad happy you are right it's like I'll
talk down here already yeah yeah but uh
okay so what do you think about the cat
food what are you doing all the cat
foods are I taste like shit you're the
dead out of me so hey are you walking us
out huh
he's serious with this yeah bye-bye
Yelena what are you doing hey hello
what'd you guys get yourself okay bye
see you later
what just happened
I don't think max is here anymore
so would you what do you think what the
cat food
don't worry those man well just got back
from jogging I think I'm sweating a
little more you are you're sweating more
than me I am sweating though man
so that was a good start so we've been
pushing this diet thinking to overdrive
some people were asking me what I meant
when I said well she didn't stop but I
did now I don't mean that I stopped I
never stopped but I stopped really
pushing that's why I lose a pound here I
weighed myself the other day before I
really start pushing again and I gained
three pounds you know but I assumed I
would have lost it back down like
another pound for a weigh-in Wednesday
but we've been running every day what 30
minutes that was yeah 30 minutes that
time it's exhausting my ultimate goal is
to just lose to be 315 by the time I get
to New York which that's not gonna
happen no I I want to be 315 by the time
I give you our because last time I went
to New York I was 290 pounds so if I'm
290 that's only let's hear nine three
has 15 pounds right yeah yeah that's
only 15 pounds I would have gained since
she last saw me the ultimate goal will
be to be 290 right here to be 270 by New
York but that's not gonna happen let's
be real here
but I'd like to be around 3:15 but I
might get to New York that way when she
sees that you know well good bullshit
that's not my brother that's some
fucking whale so that's the goal so
we're jogging daily counting calories
the next thing on my last video there
were multiple fake accounts probably
from the same person
uh-huh that pretend to be me you'll see
somebody posting as kid behind the
camera well I'll say first of all that
within the first hour of the video going
up i posts constantly but it'll be nice
shit I'm not gonna be talking crap to
people so somebody's talking shit in the
comments as me it's not me you know all
you have to do to know if it's me or not
is hover over the name if if you hover
over the name and it says they have
200,000
treiber's and it's me it's me but if you
hover over and says three subscribers
two of them probably being two of their
fake accounts and one being somebody who
was duped in the comment section chesare
me so there was somebody posting all
kinds of craft talking about the fans oh
the fans are assholes and i don't need
them and that's bullshit yeah Bridget
Bridget like Michael was wrong with you
as if that's you believe that shit - I
post her reply to it I was like a people
I believe in this most of people weren't
some of the replies were going fake
account fake not Michael and that was
cool but there were a couple people oh
so you're saying fuck the fans now which
obviously not you know like we only do
this for the fans you know we started do
a Monday mailbag for the fans we started
you know we do the wristbands we're not
making any money on the rest bands so
you guys know I don't know if you've
ever heard that before or not but we're
not making anything we're not making
nothing we got to buy the envelopes and
the stamps and we got to send it out so
we don't make anything on that the only
reason we did the wristbands is for you
guys so that is for you so we're not
saying fuck no fans because the fans are
the only reason why we're here you know
you guys can say whatever you want about
me I'm fat probably staying and you'll
be right
I do stink especially right now you you
know and you're not gonna get in
hostility for me because I appreciate
you guys nonetheless so thank you guys
for everything you do and if and if you
see someone in the comments posting and
you see its camp behind camera hover
over the name and you'll see might not
be me especially now that I've said it
now that I've said that you're gonna see
it on this video so look for whoever's
pretending to me to be me and just block
them report them as fake that's all you
gonna do so that's that what you okay
bogan hump yes okay alright let's open
the store battle down you two
