what's going on you guys can be on a
camera here and right now I'm in the
process of downloading the playable
teaser for Silent Hill for the
PlayStation 4 this is exclusive to the
PlayStation 4 this is just a teaser that
is not the game
but it's playable right now if you look
in the PlayStation Store it won't be
under Silent Hill it is hidden under the
name PT 4 playable teaser so if you look
up PT and the PlayStation Store you'll
see the playable teaser for Silent Hill
and I'm told it's scary so we're about
to find out right now
and then doors back open
both alongs care didn't
Oh God Oh fright should be
what we are that yeah I don't know I had
it paused and I had paused it and this
chick comes jumping out well we are at
Best Buy yes to get a headset because
you need a headset to play the Silent
Hill teaser I demanded this for my
birthday gift her birthday is coming up
and she demanded that I go get the
headset so here we are Best Buy again
the headset so here is what I got
let's go ahead and pop this thing up and
leaving boltchak
yeah first birthday Michael got an
awesome pen setting to watch you play
game love that
style I got one too what's your Bridget
hood ten buck the best money can buy
girl hello
do you want
so the screen keeps like squiggling up I
like to 0 4 8 6 3 2 0 4 8 6
it's scary well I was weird well well
just beat the Silent Hill teaser and
first things first
bizarre what a bizarre game wait
now the thing is and spoiler alert and
it really not a spoiler because I don't
know what the fuck not many people know
how to do it now many people know how
they beat it I'm one of those people uh
some people said you need the microphone
I win by the microphone
some people said you don't need the
microphone I got it anyway
so I'm running around this room at the
the last part of it and the idea is you
stop and you listen to laughter or you
listen to the crying whatever it is and
when it stops you walk ten paces and
when you walk ten paces
a baby will laugh now I couldn't get the
second you're supposed to hear three
baby laughs and I could not get the
third baby laughter trigger so I walked
into the bathroom and I looked at the
little creature in the sink and I said
laughs II a little bitch laughs you
little piece of shit and it's are
laughing instantly both times it laughed
at me once twice the control started
vibrating and the phone rang so that I
was like oh shit record so crazy
it was scary the graphics were amazing
it was so good job I'm buying the new
Silent Hill you got me you pulled me in
damn you I'm getting it
oh yeah the other day when I was at
Grandpa's house I decided to get him to
take the Lay's potato chip challenge I
don't know that's what it's called but
it's when you get the new flavors which
I found I later found out there were
four flavors but I got three of them
yeah I thought there was only three I
got three of the new flavors of the
potato chips mango salsa wasabi ginger
kettle and cappuccino and I wanted a I
wanted to get dad
I am and get his reaction and that video
is going up tomorrow so take a look at a
clip here is a preview of that video let
your pant on my what's the point of
doing that cause the motherfuckers
belong to trash so the first thing that
I wanted to say was just now Bridget and
I were jogging again we decided to go
jogging around the neighborhood and I
get a text message from Isaac my friend
Isaac who does the shut the fuck up and
listen radio show with me by the way we
have a prank if you want to hear it the
link is below I prank called his grandma
Lima thinking that her family was trying
to put her into a retirement home so the
link for that is below so Isaac as a
friend of mine has been in front of my
for many years and he texts me and he
goes dude get on AIM seriously emergency
but go shit so I'm like Bridget we gotta
stop and so I run back home like
something's fucking going on I better
find out what's going on I get there and
I hey what's up and he responds dude
Twinkies is putting out a strawberry
flavor Twinkie and a banana that's the
emergency now then that aside people ask
uh what happens to the other letters
that we get from mailbag monday do we
finish reading them we do you know we
don't open everything on the Monday
mailbag we continue throughout the week
which is another reason we told
everybody to write wristband on the you
know the three dollars you send for your
wristband because otherwise we may not
know if you sent it or not and you may
not have it yet because you know we
don't open all the letters at once it
takes a while speaking of this is one
that we didn't read this is from it's
Heidi s Bazaar Esparza they are from
Valparaiso India I'm sorry I'm really
bad you would think that I'm illiterate
by the way this person sent this to us
and dad brought it over to me to show
first there's a letter on this it says
please read on camera and there was
three dollars inside for a wristband so
you may be getting yours pretty soon but
you didn't getting with everybody else
cuz we didn't know oh this is really
cool so she tells us how to pronounce it
my name is a Todd a I believe I turned
14 this year on July 6 Kim's birthday
too right you were right it is and I
didn't even righteous for that so thanks
for reminding me I would love it I would
love it I would love to you guys give a
huge shout out to Vincent violin my
brother he gave me ideas for the drawing
while I draw something shout out to
Vincent violin and next time I'm with
that I promise you I will get a shout
out for Vincent violin and you for this
drawing so it's like a montage there's
all kinds of little things that you know
I would notice like right here this is
the Walmart logo made to Grandpa this is
Cici's Pizza logo with Grandpa the angry
up a logo behind angry grandpa there's
Bridget Lee like she's sweating who's
fuckin this puppy me are you get out of
my house a lot of cool a lot of cool
references on this thing a lot of work
so this thing is really cool so
seriously thank you for sending us this
I'm gonna put it into a frame of some
kind and I'm gonna hang it somewhere
because this thing is sick you may be
wondering why I'm going to be hanging
and not dad because I've had people
wondering one why I had the YouTube
award and dad's picture and such like
that at my house well because I want to
keep it you know these are things that I
want to keep that dad at some point will
destroy with a hammer that YouTube award
would be busted out on the floor and we
wouldn't have it anymore if there was a
dad's house seriously a toddy a Todd a I
apologize if I'm not pronouncing your
name correctly my apologies but thank
you for the drawing it's really cool dad
loved it
Bridget loves that I love it it was
really cool of you to send it to us I
just need a large pineapple
and hey I'm Pizza it's a Hawaiian one my
nephew told me about it my nephew Jimmy
he told me he told me about this for
wine pizza and I went on Google and
Google gave me your number and I just
want or me a large one of them pizzas
and sniff right well that's gonna be
about there for today what you were just
seeing was a video my sister did prank
calling me I don't know what was going
on earlier tonight
it was literally right after I showed
that girl's drawing she did my phone
starts ringing and it was a old woman
asking to to order pizza and I politely
gave her the number to Pizza Hut and
then she kept calling back and back and
back it turned out it was my sister Kim
so she prank called if you want to see
that video the link is below along with
the other prank we did my Isaac and I
you got me Kim but that's gonna be here
for today I played a Silent Hill teaser
and that was terrifying let's take a
look at my screen real quick
terrify the Silent Hill so anyway thanks
for watching you guys
uh like subscribe favorite Bridge to
sleep thanks for watching you guys
that's it
