what's going on you guys keep behind a
camera here and Here I am
shaved Oh what is that thing I don't
know what that whole I must be a sore
that Bridget created so I'm a Nick on my
face when you shaved me well it is
throwback Thursday that'll be later I
got a story to tell you guys but first
just got back from walking and jogging
with Bridget exhausting we this is the
third time today we went we go 30
minutes each time so there's an hour and
a half that I've walked today trying to
lose weight it's how is so hard
losing weight is hard especially when
you're addicted to food but still trying
trying to lose weight
Bridget I was just about to say that
yeah Bridget has lost 10 pounds so far
so or ten more pounds
she was died she didn't stop dieting I
did hey Roman ah big mason jar filled
with water isn't cold
assume a cue from the friend well hey
it's a move it's not that cold on ice I
think it stays cool often felt like it
out excuse me
I saw me taste this oh you're such a
liar
I guess it's cold so I got a throwback
store throwback story throwback Thursday
store to tell you guys get into that
later huh that's it for now well this is
what the kitchen looks like again weight
limit
I just put Bridget to sleep so it sounds
awful I just put her to sleep like she's
an animal
I just put Bridget asleep I'm talking a
little low because I don't want her to
know I'm doing it that's why I was
looking cuz I thought she was what is
this I thought she might have been
listening so didn't wanted to hear
because I want to be surprised so gonna
be cleaning for today
what's that I
let's get it
the story
I really regret this choice Bridget
you better save it
then I won't get my
that was
yes still a compound
so I'm sitting here talking to my sister
Kim and we were sitting here telling
each other our stories that we're gonna
be telling on our throwback Thursday and
first of all I'm not sure if I told the
story or not it feels like I have I
would feel like why when I tell the
story but if I did you're gonna hear it
twice but I'll try to tell some other
parts to it so it'll be parse 8 maybe
you didn't hear but first me and Ken
we're talking and she's going to be
telling a story this will be on her vlog
the link will be below about the time
she went to Walmart and she had shit on
her the sleep I'm the slave of her shirt
now Mike here's my question which you
know who was the culprit - that would
have been me or dad who wipe their ass
with your shirt probably probably you
because it wasn't it was uh so for a
long time I had a fear of like toilet
paper and I don't know what I don't know
why I don't know what it was but I would
wipe my ass with a shirt and run out of
the bathroom cuz I was scared and I
don't know what it was that maybe yeah
you know I couldn't to answer it but I
wiped my ass with her shirt she didn't
know went to Walmart it stunk people saw
it friends of hers thought it was just
blame her now it was Jenny one me yeah I
didn't do that that wasn't me Oh someone
else take off your clothes like we're
taking a shower bathroom in the bathroom
yeah I would put the sock on my hand you
know like a puppet or something and just
wipe that B goes with socks for the best
socks were good for me and thing is the
shit on the sleeve of Kim's shirt was
like clumpy it was like a lot
shit like I don't know how she didn't
notice it that much shit after I
realized it was there I suddenly
realized that my arm was much heavier
tree grows so if you want to hear that
sorry that's going to be on her vlog
click the link below here the time that
I wipe my ass with her shirt and she
wore it to Walmart so I just got this in
the mail today
ladies and gentlemen my name is Paul
Heyman on blu-ray this thing is awesome
I can't recommend it enough if you're a
wrestling fan if you're not a wrestling
fan who knows you might like it too it's
a interesting story about how somebody
broke into the wrestling business but
the thing is as good as the documentary
the special features the special
features on here are just amazing you
know all kinds of emotional stuff you
know you get to hear Stephanie a man
crying reading a text message Paul
Center
you know his answering machine message
with his kids on it it's amazing
seriously pick this thing up ladies and
gentlemen my name is Paul Heyman well
Bridget this is what I got for you for
right now I'll finish it later but I
clean the fucking kitchen
so I am looking for the cat where you
have Felix
Felix was hiding
usually feelings of hanging out with me
but I don't know where he is
there you are Felix we've been what have
been searched all over the house for you
chilling with Felix so I called him back
and I decided to tell my throwback
Thursday story with her on the phone
because I thought it would be funny so
I'm pretty sure I've told you part of
the story before so the story is I
started off I used to record wrestling
for my gym teachers in middle school it
was coach Evans and who's the other one
it was my coach Evans and another coach
I forgot his name my apologies and there
was a female their name is cheb Leske
and first of all she was a fucking liar
I'll get it at the end of the story so
bless he was a liar I'll get to her in a
minute so so what I would do is I would
record the end of wrestling not the end
I would record the whole show and they
would watch it during like their off
times and at the end of the day they
would call me to the gym and I would get
to watch the end with them and this was
back in the day when dad used to do like
illegal satellite cards and illegal
cable boxes and stuff we had it all baby
and so we're watching wrestling my god
Goldberg's doughnut I'm doing Jim Ross's
boys actually it was more of a different
book
ladies and gentlemen Goldberg has done
it he's joined the new blood and we're
watching it and we're enjoying it and
that's the end and then we start
digesting we're talking Wow
what did you think about the
cruiserweight title match oh that was
good next thing you know the channel on
the video cassette starts changing and
then we all look over we all look you
know in unison looking at the screen and
it flips over channel 35 MTV you know
then
flips over channel 44 whatever the fuck
it was
and then 76 playboy then 77 spice which
was the hardcore porn man where when you
know playboy would just show it a little
skin but spice showed it all it goes on
you see I like a spread vagina and
there's like a freakin caught going into
it and everybody's like whoa Misha bless
me Misha bless key that was the most
really personal oh my god
turn this filth off mic women have to
suspend you for this either my dad or my
brother decided well you know while
wrestling was over I had fallen asleep
I'm probably on the couch I would fall
asleep watching TV so somebody's
watching porn well I'm on the couch I
had to switch arms because my other one
was getting tired so yeah somebody's
watching porn while Michaels sleeping so
one for a jerking off look at that book
it I don't know who it was but anyway it
was humiliating somebody put it on porn
during the tape and everybody saw it
well just the teachers and I'm sure they
gossiped about it but anyway the other
shit that I wanted to talk about was
Misha bless key being a liar lying
little bitch so Kim first kadhalan to
Misha bless Keyes lie she told her that
her cousin was Goldberg and I was
intrigued I was like what well I'm a
massive wrestling fan I want to know
about Goldberg so I became a little
Hellion about it I wouldn't give her any
peace until she spilled the beans that
she was lying about it you know like I
went up to her my sister told me that
your cousin's Bill Goldberg yep she had
this like Goldberg sticker on the back
of like her clipboard so then I would
just quiz her daily for the whole year
like what year was Goldberg born she
would say she would say an answer I read
on the internet otherwise we couldn't
even afford the internet yet you know I
don't I don't know what it says on the
internet I'm just quizzing or anyway uh
what's Goldberg's dad's name and she
would say name stop me add nuptials key
I'm gonna get to the bottom of this
yeah yeah we would get pissed Rishi
would have an answer like his dad's
names Frank and his mom's name's Carol
you lyin bitch I'm getting to the bottom
of this ship Leske knows oh my god I am
gonna like find out where he is for this
stalker now no way - yeah you know I'm
gonna ride I'm gonna spine Goldberg I'm
gonna say gold boy I've been waiting to
see you face-to-face
for 15 fucking years to ask you this
question
do you know Misha bless key and when he
says no I'm fighting her I'm a look on
Facebook I'm googling cheb Leske how to
spell it I'm gonna find mr. bless key
I'm right here I'm saying bitch yeah I
knew you was lying you bitch I carried
this with me for so many years as a
matter of fact if anybody's watching
this tweet Goldberg his twitter is below
and I want to know man
ask Goldberg if Misha bless key is his
cousin say Misha plus keys I don't know
her first name she looked like summer
Sanders from you figure it out
Jablonski I'm figuring it out and I'm
gonna find you so that's my story for
today Misha bless key was a liar porn on
my video tweet Gober because I want to
know if he knew ship Leske and I don't
know how to spell it so there's gonna be
a lot of interesting versions of cheb
Leske so anyway that's my story for
throwback Thursday say goodbye Kim okay
