oh hey what's going on you guys
to be on camera dear which of us here
Michael this has to hurry up I'm busy we
gotta do an intro what's going on you
guys for to us here super busy okay guys
today is what is today today is
Wednesday or something okay go ahead
you can go guys today is Wednesday or
something I love you guys check the vlog
out I'm busy okay okay can let me finish
at least okay today is Wednesday or
something and today we're putting up our
tree we're cleaning the house and
finally we're cleaning that office
Jay what do you love me let me let me
help you
it looks like you sorry mythical like
creature Jay let me help you
he's not letting anybody help
oh jeez Jay too much at one time buddy
come on let's get some help huh well we
appreciate it
oh it's just trash
look at this our just gets filled up
already
bro trash comes in a week still a work
in progress right now you guys but I
want to show you the office how it's
coming along this has been a long time
coming boom
can you believe it there's actually
enough there's an echo hello there was
so much garbage in here before that
there was not an echo now it's so empty
that there is one and I love it I
totally forgot that this was like a
usable office now I can actually get
some stuff and game on a PC what is on
it's like come on what is that squirrels
out here I do yeah and this stuff with
Michael yesterday what was going on with
that nothing nothing he was just mad mad
yeah I'm gonna have a talk with that
sombitch don't kill my boyfriend here
miss world I'm good
he was just angry you don't need to be
doing that around you oh that's all
right
he don't need to be doing that around
you
me and him will have a talk would be
nice to arm I'm always nice alright oh
hey oh my gosh we need to have jack
but your anger issues filming this what
I don't want to see what I saw yesterday
you definitely have an anger problem she
does not need to be around that it was
kind of her fault
am i hearing you're blaming my daughter
are you blaming me my loving punked out
right now like what is this I'm okay
listen I'm sorry I have a problem what
it's a raccoon turd Bruce you just
pumped me on left Doug just pumped me
out we did you got an anger problem well
I already realize that Bridgette I'm
trying to work on it didn't like what he
saw yesterday that's funny though oh my
god I felt planned out it was a he just
said it was coming over to hang out and
he might talk to you says planned out I
didn't know what it was about though I
got five hours before this scene there's
a scene of you saying how you're gonna
talk to Michael I guarantee you I
guarantee no but ill look a raccoon turd
I never even heard of that how's it like
seeds and rocks and stuff what is that
thing I don't know
your dad pumped me out it was pretty fun
you have to admit no it's not funny I'm
totally emasculated oh I know you're not
huh did you see that you feeding them
squirrels does give my face like that
again
without all the feed why don't you say
that to his face
I understand ugh yes I have an anger
problem yeah you did
I even like walking away I do it up a
little porch okay we thought was torn
off right he's got the same problem stop
throwing corn at my boyfriend I agree
don't throw corn at me so um thank you
for cleaning this up I tried a little
but my back one out okay it's too hard
for me it's too hard for you why should
you wear it well
we need your help we're gonna sweep
Thank You officer wait a minute what is
this
it's stuck on the floor forever just
been sitting out here thinking dealing
with everything life can't get in touch
with anybody with dad right now I'm not
really sure what's going on he wasn't
you know it wasn't really feeling well
this morning so you know we're looking
at you know anger problems I really do
have anger problems you guys and that's
something that I'm gonna have to like
deal with sitting here looking at this
you didn't see the vlog we uploaded
yesterday I broke the camera like leave
this thing this was our vlogging camera
and I destroyed it out of anger so if
you ever wondering what's inside a
camera there you go broke the selfie
stick just been so stressful lately you
know every time we get a little bit of
good news like dad coming home stuff
like this morning him not feeling well
happens and just craps on the whole
thing and it's really frustrating and I
got a ton of anxiety for it and anyway
that's not important a little more vlog
to live and then we're going to be doing
the outro just wanted to acknowledge
Doug is right I do have an anger problem
and he punked me out man
nice job Doug you punked me out guys if
you haven't seen it we have a store a
brand new store it is the angry Grampa
store and I want to get you guys in some
angry grandpa gear so I can show grandpa
so you guys can tweet me you wearing the
shirts and hoodies you know
keemstar actually tweeted where one of
the hoodies and dude I really appreciate
you know you like I love that man I love
you
you know people give Kim a bad rap you
know
they you know they attack him and he
stands above it and he fights his way
out of situations and I that respect the
fuck out of them for that you don't I
mean so keen love you man
guys if you haven't seen it the stores
below check it out we got a little more
vlog to live and then we're getting out
of here yeah I got an anger problem and
I realize it alright guys so Michael
just killed JC and I'm recording his
evidence
okay we both home to sweep up all that
corner yeah right so I have to dispose
of it right and a little help would be
nice we have the foam and sulfuric acid
um you know I did my part today okay not
this yeah man how was it Christmas time
already it's Christmas time already and
I am so happy like seriously I feel like
just yesterday I was listening to Mick
Jagger I just do a Christmas song it was
pretty funny
Oh everybody big Joe's funny huh it was
pretty hilarious yeah Johnny he was
funny Jimmy are you okay what are you
doing yeah
so I still understand why all right so
how does this skirt walk what is this
version he's hairy paws marauders map
yeah happy late anniversary what yeah
seriously seriously holy crap dude a
Harry Potter skirt
just handmade yes Oh totally custom dude
this is sick
you're the only one with it dude
seriously yeah how's this work I'm not
sure but we must figure it out yeah we
oh I'm so excited we go to make a look
like a real tree right this is my real
tree yeah catch on fire I was watching
the way they said a lot I was terrified
of real trees because I'm watching a
special one time you know and it was
like this is what happens with a real
tree and it's really extreme yeah right
whole house was fully engulfed and
honestly I just feel like fake real
trees like butter
right I was gonna get spruce feel a
little plugin over there what a spruce
smell like a real tree yeah you could be
helping Doug yeah da we need help yeah
we don't have to pull it again this year
Doug get over here
you got free hands he's barking orders
man I know section three oh that's
helping I did not give you a commission
if they'll put it off I don't think so
dude I've already filmed you in my face
earlier I think we can handle you
putting a Christmas tree together
having a good time hey this is so crazy
Bridget this was my childhood right here
sitting on the floor playing with
wrestling toys what was that Doug got
something to say there's nothing wrong
with play no wrestlers except for when
you're 30
still nothing wrong with it what's so
funny he's not that short Michael you
got this hon you can do this funny oh my
god
I can't do it Doug - you know I'm not
short enough I want to see because that
won't start laughing yeah right oh hey
guys who is it
you
