get up wake up Oh Bella wants to get up
yeah hmm is it ghost
I called her like an hour ago he's got
the cold - he's still got the pig guy
we're probably gonna do mailbag tomorrow
he will soon surpass any birthday
presents
Wow people said there was any birthday
presents a thing nobody was in your
birthday presents you want to impress
your birthday presents the peel box
below
they say gonna film it your birthday's
like ah a white long ways away no it's
like uh it's on 25th okay that's like
two weeks
mmm what time is it 10 feet wake up come
on I want a real answer please cut it
with me
there's no this is no you're calling me
l want you to go away no shouldn't you
to wake up which Isabel you mean mama go
where you want me wake up hey guys it's
been another hour so I got this ribeiro
wakey wakey eggs and Bakey
begin the dogs out stop
stay with water simple throw Bridget
good feeling in my throat is that normal
sacred water Michael jokin
what what'd you do that for
okay I fell down your throat I'm joking
I swallowed it fine you asshole you
think daddy almost choked to death just
now no you think I don't want to lose
daddy cause of Medicine Oh what well I
clean this living room that's all of
earlier you say nothing
what
something feels off like Wyatt that
wasn't out that wasn't alka-seltzer was
it yeah it was
I'm allergic to that I serious yes the
would the blue pills yes ah what the
fuck Michael Jenna
oh fuck you fucking asshole stop it
you airhorn me awake hey there Clyde
just sitting in the rocking chair
let's rock you a little bit well that
seems totally unnecessary
who's that about there you go boy you
got your chair back that was so sad yes
it was you got a bear go I'll rock you
daddy we rock yeah yeah you happy it's
Monday oh happy Monday everybody Oh
some of you may have noticed by now that
what are you hearing
Oh some of you may have noticed by now
that there is not a Monday mailbag video
we didn't put up a Monday mailbag video
today because dad's still got pinkeye
and he's sick and I've been sick I might
get a dad tomorrow and do a Tuesday
mailbag video but Monday mailbag didn't
come today cuz we're both sick but we
got the same cold I'm pretty sure I got
it from him he got it from my nephews
either way colds during July suck it
seems every summer I get one and I hate
it a lot of people have been writing me
on Twitter with pictures with the
wristbands and their drawings and it's
really cool I'm glad you guys like them
I know the other day dad sent out like a
hundred dough it was crazy he had two
baskets filled
by more than hundred he's been sending
him out all week I tried to help him
he's like refusing to let me help my
guard dad here let me feel so my vintage
feather but grandpa didn't want you fuck
out of you
so SummerSlam is this Sunday on the WWE
Network sign up today last week they
were advertising the WWE Network crazily
during Raw like every segment they would
find a way to fit in the WWE Network and
I don't think that's the way to do it
like I don't think just mentioning that
you have the WWE Network every five
seconds is gonna make people go oh I
didn't know about this they know you
have it you don't have to mention it
every five seconds you know and the
running doing it creatively you know get
the W beauty Network it's only 999 call
five minutes later hey did you hear
about this knock knock who's there
999 the cost of the demo vewy Network I
get it
the WWE Network is $9.99 I think it's a
good deal but not everybody does
apparently and not everybody's gonna
sign up to it you don't got a ruin Rob
I'm making it a three-hour commercial
for the network so raw tonight let's
hope it's not another three-hour advert
for the network and it will because
SummerSlam is coming up so I guarantee
we are a whole bunch of now if you want
to see John Cena versus Brock laser get
the Debbie TV networks only $9.99 if Ray
Mysterio was on The WB network his move
would be called the 999 I beat the last
of us yesterday and what a game
seriously what a game I have to say the
last of us might be my favorite game
I've ever played the story yeah let's go
ahead and flush that down the toilet now
The Last of Us is way better than Red
Dead Redemption could ever even conceive
of being the story in The Last of Us is
just beautiful the acting for was
beautiful the voice acting I should say
the animation that graphics it what a
game if you don't have a PlayStation 4
get the PlayStation 4 and get the Last
of Us remastered cuz that game is bad
the fuck-ass I don't get what you're
talking about what are you talking about
get it in
I love there is bears back every God get
one because Jimmy I need to put a toast
in go there what
Cosby goddamn stickers wait a minute so
you you send out like a hundred
wristbands and they all came back to you
because you needed him because you
needed another stamp yeah and how is
that my fault you won't even let me help
I didn't know what I did take care of it
those eight you need to put those stamp
on all these coasters do you feel
another goddamn sick - sighs - no I
don't know these things do you told me
not to help you you have a Gaga thing I
did you told me not to help you Kailash
it is a good day ain't it there's a good
day we have fun whoa-oh
I'll even hang out with lazy today on
his breath his breath awful
I'll patter but his breasts awful what
does womp stairs feature go to sleep or
something oh we're not going to bed come
back down here Bella hey big girl
we're not going to bed yet what you
doing yeah
well we just got news it was on TMZ I
saw it on the news
that Robin Williams has committed
suicide uh first of all it's shocking
sometime last year maybe early last year
sometime last year Bridget and I we were
going to go see Robin Williams do
stand-up we were planning on it and they
sold out the tickets were all sold out
so we said we'll go you know next time
same thing I said about Jerry Seinfeld
they sold out so I had to say next time
and I guess next time is never going to
come I really wish we could've gotten
tickets to see that now uh it's crazy
you know it's crazy Robin Williams was
an improv master yeah you know very few
people can come up with funny material
like that you know you give them a topic
you say you know sugar and we'll come up
with a five-minute bit about sugar it's
just the level of genius that that man
had is amazing so you know we lost a
great person you know they say it's
suicide
rest in peace Robin Williams truthfully
truthfully sad well that's gonna be it
for today you guys I was going to
continue more do a little more for the
vlog but I didn't want to keep going
after what happened to Robin Williams
you know not really having that much fun
anymore
kind of a bad day now I decided not to
upload the chair breaking video I was
going to upload that today instead I'm
gonna upload it tomorrow
so tomorrow I'm gonna upload the video
where I break grandpa's chair and he
comes at me with a saw so thanks for
watching you guys gonna go watch the
double w/e hawk the network for a while
starting soon so like subscribe favorite
and hold on to those you love you love
me
I'm not holding on to you I'll give you
a kiss as a difference oh I love you so
thanks for watching don't ruin it thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
vapour it and that's it
