let's go on on you guys keeping on a
camera here Bridgette where's Pierre
she's inside oh I heard her yelling I
know if you could hear that so here we
are
Saturday huh
it's a good Saturday dad right now has
pinkeye so I am NOT going over to Dad's
house today because I'm not getting
pinkeye
however we are considering making
homemade cookies and cake today and
taking them to dad saying get well soon
angry grandpa
get rid of your pinkeye so this will be
the first time Bridget has ever made
homemade stuff you I was like let's make
dad a cake and this is the LK and she
goes to the kitchen it grows like a
boxed cake mix like no thank you
we're gonna do flour and milk and eggs
and so we got the stuff so we're gonna
bake that a get-well-soon cake yeah and
I might just leaving like top of his van
and speed off hopefully finds it not
really I'm not gonna leave on top of the
van
so get well soon dad I tried to call him
I couldn't tell he was faking it or not
I called him Oh what you sound like that
with your pink eye maybe you do and I
think that a long time so anyway it is
Saturday raving I love sitting out here
in the rain it's beautiful
so it's raining it's Saturday grandpa
has pinkeye and we're gonna make on some
cake and cookies homemade so Bridgette
is just sitting here watching the vlog
from last night Willie cat I'm a fan of
you well the cat is just a no chewing on
Virgil is it's really cute you should
see this
yeah but you see all the stuff so we're
getting all the stuff together to make
our cake with for grandpa so there's a
lot of stuff you'll see it as we go
we'll be telling you what's what what
goes in what is our first time baking a
homemade cake so this could be horrible
so first we just add a two sticks of
butter to this bowl and now we're going
to add half of a cup of shortening you
should try that it tastes like basic
vanilla buttercream frosting really
mm-hmm big long what a fuck Michael
that's just vegetable shortening
there's my grandma's favorite white cake
recipe well so we don't ruin her
favorite cake I know
now you slowly add three cups of sugar
you're going
next up is five eggs one minute I'm
slowly making sure each one is absorbed
before adding another end
for changing
the dance of the eight you
you
I really don't know if it will be
spinning like this
we're going to leave that alone for
right now now we're going to add three
cups of all-purpose flour okay so now
we're going to do two teaspoons of
baking powder better make sure this is
exact this right here is a half so we're
going to four of them so this is a happy
so four of those and 1/4 teaspoon of
salt now she's going to sift that
together so just sort of mix it around
okay the next step half of a cup whole
milk now 1/2 cup butter I love butter
milk 2 teaspoons of vanilla extract and
we're doing a half again so this is four
of those alright here comes the fun part
what first bring this on I can't wait ok
cut off
oh yeah harder yeah
so what you're going to do is you can
pour a little bit of the flour mix in
then a little bit of the water are then
a little bit of the buttermilk milk
vanilla extract then flour then milk
then flour the Milton you're going to
finish off on flour
we're just going to keep doing this
until it's all in
you got a shot again oh my god mmm
oh my god okay it's gotta go in these
now spread evenly across the three I'm
surprised it's so white I know right one
of the we we it's a white cake recipe
but we didn't add egg whites we added
the eggs so I thought it was gonna be
like you know a yellow cake all right we
preheated the oven to 350 now it's time
to put them in
now it says to bake for about 30 minutes
or until you stick a toothpick in it and
it comes out clean so I'm just showing
the shot of the cake as they bake they
look and they smell so good
this is looking good Bridget oh yeah
that will want some of that mess so we
just took the kicks out of the other
bridges over there cleaning up
everything we're gonna let these sit
because we're not putting no icing on
these yet we are going to first let them
sit then we're gonna take them out of
these and then we are cutting off the
top that's right we cut them because we
layering the layering on and we're gonna
layer the cake now that we need to cut
off this part so it's flat
so now we're making the frosting so that
is 1/2 cup butter okay so four and a
half cups of confectioner's sugar which
is promo finger
this doesn't need to be exact so just
pour it so this is one and a half
teaspoons of vanilla extract
okay 1/4 cup of 2% milk okay now there's
butter milk sugar vanilla extract so now
when you will hand mixer and mix this
butter cream frosting up
oh my god that's he's so good frosting
bro is the first time I've ever done
this before but here we go
by the way he's icing because I am truly
the worst icer ever not that I'm better
oh no no honey mine my I made a cake one
time and it look like scrambled eggs on
the top yeah
let's you try to ice it too early no I
didn't yeah you do
Bridget takes it out and serves icing it
looks melting and shit shut up oh man
I'll take a little piece mom I gave you
this whole thing okay how's it look
really good
hold them I'm getting a boy oh my god
that's so fucking cool yeah here we go
good all right dad knew your feelings
you well thank you hey who you Betty
Crocker now get well cake I baked it for
the most part I'm being hot hard okay
what hard
Oh God Dahlia is it clean it's clean
enough like lick along the edges well
you brought move your will kick we're
gonna have give happy to bridges mom did
she say no but fuck you you're my cake
board you wouldn't eat because it was
homemade you don't look like daddy why
are you why are you gonna go pervert /
versa
looks like cake man I don't know dad
owns a spoon what's wrong with it
firstly the sugar is too gritty its
powdered sugar than any powder that's
grip this powdered sugar and powdered
sugar watch the video later that is just
embarrassed himself because it can't be
baby
just pretty guess I'm supposed to be it
is powdered sugar aunt Greta you're
lying now as sweet jesus fucking christ
take a bite okay I don't give you that
big piece it's just a couple of layers
upp like a goddamn baby down I'm singing
about it okay why for chalky
malsuk a dad's insult oh you didn't bag
as he can't bake like that I'll move up
breath hi
no it's nice I always think I might been
a little dry as well it is not dry it's
a little dry I think we ever cooked it a
little alone oh wait a minute
dad's got pink oh I'm not eating no no
sucking huh oh god that's right oh
that's right shit hmm really is it dry
not it was dry we overcooked it
it wasn't dry though now would you enjoy
your get well cake or not kick it off
maybe it's better if like you cut it
maybe like you'd be better if you go
start over hurt you it's a good cake eat
the cake just ragini try cake it's not
trying I'm snaggletooth are you here go
ahead thank you buddy
ha ha I'm up - um - Geoghan dad I'll
kill Todd that's a world come to hear
kid every day from up by device here is
such a liar just sub sorry I can't get
it to go
come on my head off edie cream him out
of her new diet man maybe was just a
bite you have our driver by now kind of
apply it from the middle yeah look at me
look I got a shirt got him hard Margaret
or a year there you go this will be a
better body just just like a drop no
it's uh
well dad hates the cake
that sucks good channel how you get used
to it there's your new friend we're
leaving it here
oh no he developer you are leaving the
whole thing here that's all
number four second of all here to gotten
out there I will close to drive want to
keep Arizona take off your glasses
Oh big did this what he did this you
lying sack of shit II yeah applying I
have not lined up from the light Ridgid
he's lying
no he's not lying I don't know I'm
saying I'm get the fuck out of here look
it is on you always want to hug DVDs I'm
Stan tiser my car Michael you miss your
kitchen chair we'll go about the other
one you I haven't upload that video yet
oh well the other day was a dad's uh I
decided to break his kitchen chair cuz
he called me fat and I did I guess
you're right I do gotta lose weight let
me get up
down okay just promise me you'll eat the
cake
oh I promise I will eat the cake
everybody everybody that Gucci bottle
even I'll go
I'm waiting out front of dads house
because he said he's eating the cake I'm
like a hundred percent sure he's I'll
throw it out
love it what are you doing here what the
hell you didn't throw in the trash can I
might it's another hand I come ahead eat
a piece and fortune fell out
I'm sorry thought you were leaving
we multi-camera just oh you left a
little you can have that cake of you ha
you drink up DW coffee where's a bad bad
mother
I'd really don't shoot but I couldn't
help to fall out
