what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and it is - Oh something in
the morning and tonight I decided to do
something a little nice first to put it
all into perspective take a look at this
this is wrecked the kitchen is wrecked
right now living room is wrecked right
now now a lot of you guys have words for
Bridget oh she's fat she's lazy and
usually we just laugh it off together
I don't defend her because it doesn't
bother her you know she doesn't mind the
comments you know we laugh about it but
you know sometimes I feel like a bit of
an asshole now because I don't defend
her but because I don't help enough now
I work all the time I got a lot of
people say that you know all I do is sit
on my ass and do YouTube I have an
actual job and I work it every day and I
get exhausted every day and so I don't
help enough with the house usually I
leave it to Bridget and I sort of feel
like an asshole about it oh you know
I'll go to sleep with a kitchen like
this and I'll wake up and it'll be clean
and she did it you know before I got up
I come I wake up walk in here the whole
house is clean them so I'm gonna have it
clean for her when she wakes up for once
she's gonna walk in thinking she has a
lot to do and she's not because I'm
gonna do it because I can't always be
selfish so love you Bridget I said that
so scratching myself
love you Bridget anyway I do so I'm
gonna clean for you you're not gonna
have to clean tomorrow morning so here
we go
okay so still gonna do the dishes I've
got that done I have Saarland living
room oh hope you're happy Bridget did
this reuse you didn't have to
tomorrow so I'm gonna finish up first
I'm watching America's Got Talent
let's go on you guys bridge West here
well I order something from Michael
because I thought it was cute you might
love it
no it is then weight loss for dummies oh
Jesus Christ I'm gonna make any of this
stuff okay this is the unofficial Harry
Potter cookbook from cauldron cakes to
Knickerbocker glory more than a hundred
and over a hundred fifty magical recipes
for wizards and non wizards alike I'm
Gladys for non wizards because otherwise
well that's interesting
see you like it of course nine recipes
from the Goblet Scotch broth black
pudding oh what Oh what
black pudding recipe first part of the
recipe three and a half cups blood pigs
are sheep why don't I have cups shredded
suey
I don't know
is one cup whole milk 2/3 cup oatmeal 3
onions salt cayenne pepper basil nutmeg
sausage casing you can eat this this is
blood sausage yeah this is repulsive why
but there's good stuff in there yeah we
go from blood sausage to chicken and ham
pie top of the evening gonna this is a
you're gonna buy are you doing son I got
a question
I found up topstick envelope ah
who are you some we never fill out the
box and I've got another I'm a calling
Thanks I can't live with fuck god damn
it I am I am so overwhelming I figured
you know I have a few people want to be
part of the army you know cuz you know I
ain't that well-known and not many
people know about me but you know I feel
really excited that y'all that y'all
care enough to join the army Jimmy I
enjoy talking to you and this would be
going out the bed probably Thursday I
got a new shipment coming in a bar
wristbands because it'll be going out
Thursday Thank You Jimmy for junk for
being part of my family I Love You Man
Bob just sitting here watching Felix
play with the dogs
hey Felix
you scared Felix so Clyde what you doing
boy I like this side of you Clyde I
might make something like this the
thumbnail I'm filming Clyde hey God
finally here so I've had people asking
me is grandpa gonna be coming to my
sister's wedding and right now I don't
know I'd like to say yeah he's coming
but I don't know that to be true I don't
know for sure I'd like for him to come
to the wedding it's his daughter's
wedding he should probably be there one
of the other reasons I want dad to come
to the wedding and so he can finally
reconnect with some of the old family
that lives up there like my mom has a
sister that lives in New York and we
haven't seen her I saw her when I went
up to New York to visit my sister a
couple of years ago but dad hasn't seen
her since the early 90s her husband my
uncle dad hasn't seen since he got his
washing machine repossessed
I used my uncle Richard to do the
washing machine repossession video when
we pranked dad he actually took the
washing machine we took it to my other
uncle's house who lives in Charleston
that right there should tell you it's
been too long since you've seen your
family when you don't even recognize
them when they come to prank you it was
over 15 years that they hadn't seen each
other and now they're working on another
15 and that's just too long to not see
your family so I want dad to come to
Syracuse with me for one to give him
face to face with Richard again and
maybe we can do an interview with the
two of them and for two just because
it'll be good so click like if you want
dad to come to Syracuse and you want him
to confront Richard the repo guy you
know write him on Twitter Facebook tell
him you wanted to come to Syracuse for
his daughter's wedding because that's
what needs to happen he needs to come to
the wedding I want him to come
I've almost got him convinced I had him
earlier talking about us driving up
there and getting a road trip video
that'd be awesome
maybe dad and Richard and aunt Sharon
and me and Bridget and Kim we could all
go out to dinner and I could film that
but either way I want dad to come to the
wedding so click like if you want dad to
come to the wedding and I'll show them
look at all these likes comment post on
Twitter at the angry grandpa just tell
him you want him to come to the wedding
because I really want him to come yeah
well that's gonna be about it for today
was her point of doing that clean the
house with Bridget Thanks you're welcome
Bridget got me a Harry Potter book we
learned about blood sausage you love it
I would say anything a little I said we
learned about blood down stay awesome
I do I like it so dad called a fan he
called what it was if you didn't
understand that there was a fan and he
sent in money for a wristband but
something about his envelope got ripped
up at the PIO box and all we had was two
three dollars in a number and we didn't
know who it was so dad called the guy
and got his information so that's what
that was but that's gonna be it I had a
cup people tell me oh you already told
that rat story before on a throw but
that story you told yesterday you
already said it
well I said twice is my bad you know it
it's it's such a horrible story to me
that I had to retell it anyway how about
that so yeah I write retold a story
yesterday I didn't really think I'd told
it before but I guess I had it was
probably like its own separate video but
anyway that's gonna be it for today
thanks for watching you guys
you almost made me drop the cam thanks
for watching you guys subscribe click
like if he would push Bridget's face
thanks for watching you guys
thanks rise you guys like be hey Bridget
subscribe
bring it that beard I guess they'll be
bridging it with you
