what's going on you guys bridge West
here and I told Michael I was gonna like
clean the yard and um I found a rat a
dead rat and he's so freakin scared of
rats
now the rats aren't our fault we live
really close to the woods and apparently
we found this out when we moved in that
rats love woods and I also heard that
towards the fall rats come close to the
house so Michaels probably going to want
to move but we're not
I don't want to do this by the way but
it's got a good time I managed to do it
with a little help with Maude and um I
told my brother to stink so bad
Oh God
oh nothing just just chillin
god there's trash in the yard man I
think there was some stuff with them
from the fourth of July oh there was
dad's bitching at me because the bad I
know he likes it
yeah
oh my god get it what is that
please don't ask her off love this
fucking London Bridge please that's what
we need from what I need I want lots of
love what's that mean I don't know I
just want more affection mistakes oh
yeah thanks do that for yard well okay
first things first
there is some extra footage leftover
from the video which you can see below
by the way at the Grandpa's new bed
video that I was talking about yesterday
the link is below
here's some extra footage that I didn't
use for it okay we're gonna put this in
the mid-water pillar um what do you
think just sit at middle tower looks I
like it yeah matches well dad
hope you happy
I know who will be I mean this is a nice
bag yeah he'll we have you oh yeah so
this is grandpa's new bed lay down I'd
am I need a ladder to get out here
oh yeah I'll get it hell yeah I'll get
you out of you yeah I am back oh my god
oh my back I thought you said you needed
a letter oh now that one my bag oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah
anyone have stiffed you looking here
look fuck you
anyone little step
were you doing what do you think oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh yeah
you bet oh my god you got yes I trap you
way where I got all dodgey ah oh ah ah
God you just burned my face split
butters are you wearing on my foot I'm
gonna try you bad luck if you didn't
want to cook if you didn't want a queen
why did you say you wanted a queen good
out of you
he likes it obviously good out of here
better what good you will that face get
out get out here I kill you kid you like
your big video get out yeah if you say
thank you all go I said Danny wait up
dinner yet
you need to you better close it yeah
like I'll do it haha Joe come on pop I'm
a chapel slop my god very careful
get down Wow copy get out get it oh my
god
I'm really scared run you gotta keep it
by my damn bed
fuck okay now then you might be
wondering why I'm terrified of rats
and I thought just wait dude
oh I've had a prank plan for you in this
no you just wait that was still lit okay
so I got a little one for you
so I'm cutting that out of the vlog oh
my god you gotta think that so let's not
talk about this okay so anyway the
reason I'm terrified of rats I figured
being that as throwbackthursday I can
tell the story around 2005 we lived in
this house and I knew there were rats
I brought a girlfriend of mine over and
we were sitting in my room I lived in
the garage at the time and you can
listen you could hear from the roof
it was loud at echoed we all knew
something was up there and then we
started to see sightings the first sign
of an infestation is sighting so the
first time I saw I was watching The
Sopranos I'm just saying that we just
got an HBO my channel surfing yeah two
o'clock in the morning ran Bob you I
stayed in position for ten minutes I
didn't move like holy fuck we got rats
no I didn't say rats we got fucking mice
I was scared and a little little here
and there we'd see it might be terrified
every time and then it was about 3:00
3:30 4 o'clock in the morning I was on
the computer and at the time and I don't
know why I'm saying this because that's
not necessary to the story I just want
you to get a picture the computer
monitor we had we had at the time was
the size of a TV it was like a fucking
64 inch computer monitor and it was one
of those it was weird like the screen
will go green sometimes you have to
press down on it and you could see again
it was a piece of shit so I'm sitting
there on the computer I'm talking next
thing I hear
and I look across the room and I see
that the living room blinds are moving
back and forth like oh fuck there's one
messing with the blinds right now and
then the motherfucker starts crawling up
the blinds and he's standing there and
then leaps off and this thing was the
size of one of dads shoes it was
gigantic if that's not including the
tail it was three times the size the one
that was there it was like a fucking
sewer rat I wouldn't be surprised if
that rat grew up to become splinter on
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles this thing
was enormous I was terrified I screamed
and I ran out the door and I ran up the
street woke everybody in the house up
good day my god I see lights in the
neighborhood coming on people are
starting to wake up but I'm terrified
I'm genuinely afraid of rats we're
living with them I'm seeing them now
they're crawling up the blinds they're
scaling the fucking house
then it climbs up the fireplace and goes
behind the pictures that we had and one
of the pictures falls off and breaks it
was terrified so dad wakes up get you
should cut down rat Michael gee the
fuckin Christ
he grabs a broom he opens up one of the
kitchen cabinets where we heard it opens
it up and this rat Shh dad shit his
pants
literally that was in liberal growth the
whole house stunk like shit dad shit his
pants he denies it to this day I would
hear no rat you scared you were scared
shitless you shit your pants it was shit
in the kitchen floor that's dead like an
item whose shit on the floor you you
shit on the floor so that's why I'm
scared of rats because we lived with
them and those things are dangerous
scary and terrifying happy throwback
Thursday
