hi pickle boy here just here you might
be wondering why then just say what's
going on you guys keep you on the camera
here well this is just a disclaimer I'm
putting this at the beginning of the
video so this video begins with an
aftermath of a video that you're going
to see tomorrow
so it's kind of a before math yeah I'm
scratching my head cuz even I'm confused
so tomorrow I'm putting up a video a
video where grandpa destroys his bed
today he destroyed his bed the video is
gonna go up tomorrow
it is grandpa destroying his bed and me
giving him a new one so you're not gonna
see the new bed well you see some of it
the some of the new bed is in the vlog
today but to see the new bed check out
the video tomorrow
not to mention see him destroy the other
you will see the old bed at the street
so here we go this is the beginning of
the vlog I just wanted to do this little
intro so you're not confused and look
out for the video tomorrow well grandpa
destroys his bed and I get him a new one
what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and before I say anything
else I just want to go ahead and say
this well I guess I'll say this first
how's your foot I want that bad dude on
your foot you farted in my face so
before I get into anything else I have
now reached 200,000 subscribers on my
kid behind the camera channel and that's
why because you guys liked and you
subscribed and you shared it and other
people were liking it and because you
guys have reached 200,000 subscribers so
seriously it's humbling it's amazing I
really really appreciate it you know
without you guys we shed and we know
that
so with that drive out without you guys
we ain't shit oh come on now move over
you got him I tried to trick that with
another hop on pot and he maybe jump off
the ladder
all right use that as a crutch yeah so
first things first
today is weigh in Wednesday I had to
weigh in today dad never dude man let's
cut to the scene where I weighed myself
this morning three 35.4 here we are
laying him dead grandpa's new bed ha
it's comfortable
oh nothing
brookey tablet bout time I ain't good
yeah I'm frigid okay so what am I
looking at here what is all this all
these written grandpa's army wristbands
that are going out tonight that whole
basket that old basket bus all these are
going out dude
are you serious everything's going out
by tomorrow and then I got so I'll be I
gotta do the people needs to be small
potatoes a bone you folded like that
right yeah and then you go to your loop
for the wristband you put that in there
you take it I'm wearing - what is it
that's my house is it on fire never be
driving up to it losing the house on
fire it don't matter if you looking at
my picture what hey
and Dave you a Bridget what's one a my
pick one why is Bridget white a tie
Thank You spuddy good if I have her look
like a bloody dildo a little more like a
tampon this you know this is starting to
turn into the Rorschach test where we
look at it and see what we can see we
see that hue hue Bridget so people are
wondering where do you send the $3.00 to
and do we have any more we have more
grandpa keeps ordering them you know one
of your hands gonna be hurt so you send
it right here P o box five one seven
three four Summerville South Carolina
two nine four eight five the the
addresses also if you click read more
and it's in the description of every one
of my vlogs and that is where you send
the three dollars or you can send a
letter for melodies you can - not if
you're overseas send nine dollars
because it cost about that much to ship
it that you're not making anything are
you not on that one
so overseas you're not making anything
to have it three dollars and you annoy
me now bitch
you have the army now you ain't behind
the plow so go dig a ditch you ain't
never gonna be rich you're the fucking
army now hey I appreciate you being
there every man and I want to call you
and say thank you and I bigger batches
recruit and by the way I got you dope
you don't mind going me and my gold
video and me calling you right now
oh yeah buddy that's BT Justin
you have reached the voicemail box of
iPhone you answer the first time you did
or autonomy well
just enjoy the army and I was dead I
want to talk to him tell Justin Grampa
called by that's me just a see how are
you
Nasri to Stacy just anger grandpa is
this Daisy oh you aim for me huh how
would you know I got you I got your card
man what you got a zoo there you would
you be you you to zoo I don't want a
cabbage or the already man I swear to
God I am now this because Aniyah oh I am
D angry I get my damn so just crying oh
I am great darling I got your I got your
letter now loved it okay I'm sending out
a but that I can't I get that I'm
sending out the wristbands too dancing a
lot about past couple days so and I also
shit my pants this morning so you know
don't shit your pants or your grandpa
don't sis yeah but I did anyway till you
are that was actually me that went dad
that was Michael well we also recording
you doing this yeah you're there you're
there all right you're Debra you're
there darling well then you got your new
bed made some fan calls people are
loving your wristbands
there's really all over the wristbands
life is good life is good how you don't
sleep comfortably tonight and my new bed
yes Michael thank you for the bed hey
welcome I ain't taking you for nothing
well you should I don't want thank you
for nothing
I thank my son my son got me that bad my
son we you got a goddamn mouse in your
fucking pocket I don't think so Michael
got me that bad you to poverty there
Todd not to and you went to Dixie
furniture man that is the greatest
furniture store around here you know
coach he's been in business for a while
give the mattress has a damn name of the
store as a Dixie 30 you see that no I
didn't he never ceases yeah that's
probably so if anybody was wondering how
big grandpa's penis is what this is it
right here after master wives with the
mom right there about Zaza got a clue
same crook all right come on dad only
gets our get my shut up man God answers
rush hurt I want to get a thumbnail you
sitting with your stickers man god damn
ah fuck I want to get a thumbnail you
are sitting next year oh damn what dude
oh god do you mean the back okay back
into it a little bit time it hurt okay
shift a little bit in the seat huh shift
a little bit
just cut it things up my hands now I got
there how man isn't gonna be enough now
come on can you kiss my fat ass be still
that rock sir let's go for us stand in
front of it right here oh yeah oh you
get my shoes yeah you already out here
help me yeah I can't do it
well okay here sit back down
I got you
what is he doing here crazy motherfucker
he's backing up and shit okay just sit
back a little bit Jim I heard you a
goddamn oh I got the picture couple
minutes to California oh I just give
stickers oh I'm excited for fall they're
stickers
are you stupid now
ow
