what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here it is now three o'clock in
the morning
new day started starting the vlog early
and I'm watching ladies and gentlemen my
name is Paul Heyman so this comes out
today check it out I'm all zoomed in
check it out you can rent it digitally
you can go buy it at Walmart so far it's
outstanding it's amazing just sitting
here with Felix would you think Felix
anyway that's the opening for today just
sitting here watching ladies and
gentlemen my name is Paul Heyman check
it out and I guess I'll see you when
there's daylight out well it's daylight
out first things first
last night the Hammond DVD was awesome
frustratingly I decided to go out today
to buy the thing
well I Bella I rented it on food ooh
last night so I can watch it digitally
and I was gonna go get the DVD today and
nobody has that nobody dad went to look
for the Best Buy today they're good
because they're DVD mark
Bridget went this morning to Best Buy
they're havin nobody has it you hear
that fellow nobody had it
nobody had DVD I was looking for pebbles
that make you sad made me sad
so even though I don't have the DVD yet
and I can't see the extras I was able to
see the documentary on Vudu last night
and it was pretty damn awesome really
cool story so anyways I was going to say
what's going on you guys keep you on the
camera here but I did that last night so
first things first the other day I did
not the other day movie last week I
showed you boogie2988 impression of
pickle boy and without realizing it I
had another clip
it was boogie2988 pickle boy idea
pickable idea his prank idea he was
trolling but I recorded it anyway so
check this out alright here's the prank
okay here's what you do I'm saying I
understand it okay here we go
who wants me to say this is I don't know
that I can say it but I will say it if
you want me to does your heart want to
say I'm not gonna lie okay alright kids
here boss here it goes alright because I
want you to do okay
I want you to cook her a really nice
dinner okay super nice and her favorite
foods okay make it nice and romantic
came candles the whole nine yards make
the house just super romantic just a
super nice night for okay and then I
want you to feed her and I want you to
make her happy
and I want you to make her feel really
really good okay and then I want you to
take I want you to take her upstairs
okay after after you know I don't know
I'm pretty sure you guys gone this far I
presume but whatever I mean I'm not
gonna talk about shit I don't know but
you take her upstairs okay you let her
back on the bed and then you take her
clothes off and just go down and just
like I'm talking like pack a fucking
lunch Michael I'm taking do whatever it
takes to get her there I say if you need
a vibrator yeah I don't know what you
need man whatever it takes to get her
there you use it okay and when she when
she's done average I
I mean go hard go hand just get up in
there just really fucking get it all
over your face the whole nine yards then
and then here comes the important part
is super important what I need you to do
what I need you to do is just as she
finishes okay I want you to climb up on
top of her and then kiss her with your
face just all gooey and whatever and
just kiss the shit out of her and say
Francis says hello Francis says hello
Michael
that's what he wanted to happen now
obviously I can't do that because I
can't air that on YouTube but later on
today I am going to show Bridget the
video to see what she thinks and maybe
she'll find it as repulsive as I do so
happy Tuesday everybody and let's get
started to get it get here there's a
slimfast candy bar wrapper she's trying
to get well Bridget and I just got back
from walking that sucked
I'm sure you did every day she sort of
forced me to walk and I should I am
forcing you Bridget
so anyway I got my sister's wedding
coming up in September
I don't think dad's coming to it now
he's got those grandkids in the ice
school and he's got stomach problems so
he can't take a plane and let me wipe
this talked to Kim about that she
understood but I'm still gonna be there
so I'm gonna be in New York next month
and I'm gonna check out Niagara Falls
I'm excited about that I'm probably
gonna get into a barrel and go over the
falls
it's a ride that's called the barrel
ride what you do is you get into a
barrel and you just go over the falls
what yes yes the barrel roll now have
you survived no it's not a real thing
people used to do all the time and die
so who the people in Niagara Falls
maybe I mean they want a barrel find
find the floating barrel and you'll find
the corpse yes I know that dad there's
not been a month I'm gonna learn all
about the bed I will get you a bed like
next week I told you next week if that's
not good enough for you
first thing whatever I am looking for a
bed for dad I just can't find any
because first of all he told me he
doesn't want a king will you give me a
bid I want a goddamn Queen now that I've
got em take take up too much time damn
faith so I'm looking for a queen I gotta
find a fight I'm looking I'm looking dad
you'll get your bad oh all right Belle
was just sitting on the door I'm gonna
make a room yep it's me you've seen how
long she'll just stand in that same
position
they took a few minutes and you kiss her
with your face just all gooey and
whatever it's just a shoot out of work
and they say Francis says hello Francis
says hello Michael
hey hey girl
hey Mariana it was funny yeah if I just
put my hand arms over my head flip it
out give me a paw nobody yeah my job
surely follow me slowly Jesus yeah well
it's almost time for Bridget to go to
sleep you excited for bed I'm gonna have
the whole house to myself clean it nope
oh right of course
not without a little visit from Francis
