what's going on you guys queue behind a
camera here Bridget west here somewhere
in there and it is Monday pretty west
here she's a little late to do it yeah I
move past it and I'm we're discussing a
new subject now well I'm doing write him
so anyway yeah right here I just fart
out of you could hear it stick with me
Bridget hey stick with me smell it so
first things first I'm not gonna be able
to a vlog today folks
because Bridget Bridget won't let me
discuss anything so thanks for watching
like subscribe oh god yeah shoot she
walked into my yeah so anyway first
things first I saw a lot of comment on
people complaining that we wash the cat
yes that actually happened people are
disliking the last video and singing in
Commons that we shouldn't have washed a
cat first of all what the fuck do they
sell cat shampoo for in the first place
I can't believe we're discussing this
second of all we discussed it with our
vet we told the vet that dad is allergic
to cats
Bridget's allergic to that cats are her
dad is allergic to cats and she said
that we could either shave the cat which
we fucked in doing or we could give the
cat frequent baths to wash off excess
hair and we asked them how should we
bathe the cat because it's so young and
they said to use the little pull-off
thing and not dunk it in water and so
that's what we did but men smell it but
of course everybody's an expert every oh
my god you can't wash cats oh my god you
can't do that
very bath we talked to a vet they told
us what to do they told us to shampoo to
buy they told us how to do it it's hard
to watch we're okay
yeah it's not abuse that we washed our
animals so I can see some of the
comments now you know oh Jesus Christ is
he feeding the cat too
oh nice job buying those toys they throw
a choking hazard Jesus Christ a
scratching post
you're not bad that is for their nails I
saw another comment did we break the
cat's legs because the cat was shaking
off the water afterwards did they break
it flagger fucked it
it's exactly what we did we broke our
cat's leg and put it on a vlog so yeah
we chose to not go with the drowning
method that most people like to go to
where let's give it a flea bath no
problem we chose to not to do that so
anyway no it's not abusive to wash a cat
that aside today's Monday I'm gonna make
some steak medallions in a second Paul
Heyman's DVD comes out tomorrow I'm
excited for that and let's start the day
find that cache we can kill it now if
you can't see it I put kosher salts on
these about 30 minutes ago and the
reason I did that is because if you salt
a steak right before it cooks it's going
to like start drying out while it cooks
this way as you can see the salt has
absorbed into the steak for the most
part it'll continue to do that while it
waits and that'll keep it juicy as it
cooks now you're not going to add any
pepper until the end of the steak
because you know that can help burn
easily so we're going to do the pepper
afterwards we're going to do the steaks
in a minute or in heat up the pan with
some oil and we'll have us a steak now
the dogs eating from dog food right now
hey kitty
you okay could you survive your bath
last night your horrible bath so right
here I made a really quick gravy but I
did I'll start off with a little bit of
butter
I added some beef bullion cubes some
flour and chicken broth and you get this
we turn the light it's a quick little
brown baby it's really good you can use
this for potatoes or you put it over
your steak or whatever also I got some
oil heating up in the pan right now and
when it starts to smoke that's when it's
ready for your steak and those dogs are
still eating okay I don't know if you
can see it but there's a little bit of
heat coming off this cast-iron skillet
so we're going to go ahead and add a
steak so as you can see the salt is
absorbed into it so here we go going
Adam
I'm going to do for nothing over Friday
I still got two more to cook
now I'm going for a medium well
temperature here I need to get when I
add
so first flip I hope apart good color
pretty good
but ER this is cold butter I have mixed
it with some seasoning I added a little
bit of chive some pepper a little bit of
seasoning so this is cold butter you
wanna make this whole now this butter
thing ain't just a Michael Greene trick
and a like an excuse for me to get
butter on my steak this is how it's done
man that's how you pan fry a steak
but I'll do steak sauce I'm putting some
of my gravy or mistake
there it is just why I wanted that is
good
ah
yeah I'm not the story blocker today
please now you're fighting over who's
going to destroy the stuff I get the
plastic alright Clyde he got the plastic
toys the whole box don't know what to do
well I guess you have light now let
there be light
hate light thanks fella it was all
Bella's fault
how you doing collide Oh cry you happy
pull down the curtain how it's you Felix
how you feel by then pull down the
curtains well in a few minutes we are
going to be on the phone with a bridges
mom she has a business partner and the
business partner has like us it's like a
friend of a friend who found out that
that she knows us and she's all excited
so we're gonna talk to her a minute
so we're gonna make a fan call in just a
second and as soon as they call who's
thing with that quad hello hey what's up
okay the whole lot of hi is doing
hey yeah I can tell sorry sup Bella
let's try need some grass for you here
that dogs try to eat grass when they're
not feeling well I don't know Bella sick
or not but she's sitting here eating
grass what are you going there you go
girl
roll over you roll over right now
alright class your turn
roll over Oh
Bella's jealous don't you get Clyde by
attention bro oh well that's gonna be it
for today we made some mistake we talked
to a fan on the phone we didn't uh show
all the phone call you know we you know
just a little bit of it you know she was
really shy so just showed a little bit
of the phone call afterwards we talked
Grandpa's Monday mailbag video is up if
you want to check that out the link is
below uh that's gonna be in a in the
Monday mailbag video he threatens me
with a knife and he takes some Burger
King gift cards somebody sent me but he
stole it from me but anyway thanks for
watching you guys
bridget is inside so you don't have to
worry about her so like subscribe
favorite check out the Paul Heyman DVD
that comes out tomorrow and that's it
thanks for watching you guys
