what's going on you guys Kibby any
camera here just here sick Bridget West
is right there she is sick she's got a
cold which means I'm gonna get a cold
thank you know what you'd do it to me
I'm taking every risk I can I'm gonna
take a page out yeah I'm gonna take a
page out of the Michael Jackson handbook
and start wearing a medical mask around
I've had some people asking me why I
have to wipe off the lens like I do its
they said it's in a new camera it's not
a new camera
it is the humidity you know the humidity
here during the summer time is crazy so
I come out and just follows right up so
anyway today a Sunday and I'm not doing
anything I'm gonna sleep and listen to
music all literally all day and hug me
cuz I don't feel good
but this is like a chore and n1g chores
I'm not kissing you I'm not getting sick
he'll kiss me off-camera I'm not gonna
kiss you okay I don't wanna get sick so
today I'm gonna answer some Twitter
questions we're gonna have to give the
dogs a bath that's gonna suck and that's
pretty much it that's only gonna do
today will answer Twitter questions wash
the dogs listen to music and that's it
maybe watch the Wrestlemania special on
NBC because I've yet to watch
WrestleMania 30 because I was there so I
haven't watched on TV yet horses on the
network but haven't really watched it
but anyway that's my day let's get it
started
Bridget's sick keep away from me hey now
yeah I said yeah so I'm actually wearing
my grandpa's army wrist band right now I
like to wear it it's actually pretty
comfortable when dad told me he was
getting wristbands like I don't know
about this but here they are I really
like it
now then over a week ago maybe two weeks
ago I can't remember when grandpa
destroyed the microwave over Eric garner
that day we decided to take down his
weapon wall grandpa decided he didn't
want to have it up anymore and I don't
know if anybody's noticed it but the
weapon wall was gone this is before we
did the hey Jimmy Kimmel IHOP don't pop
video so the bed is still there in the
video and
anyway check this out this is grandpa
removing his weapon wall what are you
doing well I got them for grandpas
uh-huh
I'm afraid they're gonna play with this
so I'm gonna move it for you move too I
figured they were going about room so
I'm gonna start me up
Oh wall of weapons Amira yeah I had
those I had to sneeze bless you y'all
look I get because of a sneeze I got
scared that's what I got last week get
your hand on that
so come on man I got some sneezes look
at she won't play the hitting giddy
bunch of in the head no anyway I'll take
them all down when did I speak up and
put of all up in my room
you helped me yeah okay never home I'll
open it again we'll take you to the room
now you can put it up now or later I'll
put it up later take the room I'll grab
this stuff yeah yeah I'll gonna help you
know what your real that's all my shit
your attitudes getting increasingly
worse maybe they do increase my Oh God
you closed on your finger damn now you
want some help no you know feel so good
holy wet it off hi come on dude do it
this going right now okay hey Dad what
batter up
cut your head off oh I told you I judge
my tool I was helping you we done go
home hey ah oh you sick you Hannah
Hannah Berger help give a dog get away
my dog that's my dog come on my dog
thank you baby you know this dogs really
made me happy good angel she is my angel
oh all right give the leash we check
home with us what you do take her home
with us
god damn does my up towards it get her
quick sorry dad hey mizar's little girl
I've got one goddamn big right oh fuck
come on get up oh we're out of here with
him we're gonna go we're just taking her
for a walk leave a first oh oh no shit
or all shit oh let's go Kieffer
like I'm glad you come over to see me ji
please me get out of that yeah Wow okay
it is time for some Twitter Q&A so I'm
gonna look at your questions on Twitter
and I'm gonna answer them I guess that
would was defined when I said Twitter
Q&A wasn't it when I said I'm doing
Twitter Twitter Q&A you knew immediately
what I meant
ah aren't you sick goodbye the bed drew
says are you still rapping please answer
I love your music
love to you Bridget and a GP from India
I'm a psychopath Brenda with a knife and
bags Duncan in the gutters with the
white Michael Myers mask killing little
girls I neither grab a shopping bag so
grab a face apply that gag a dragon to
the woods to stab shoulda took a NAPA
said you met her dude who had a suburb
in this bucket that you wanted then you
tried to grab then a snatch put you put
a lesson to a bag time to tumblr buh-bye
had behind the tires for a flat stop
talking back bitch I think I'm gonna
smack you with a map before us might
just go under the fucking dash yes I do
still rap I don't record it really much
at the time I just write a bunch of
lyrics all the time and save them
because I you know sometimes I don't
have the time to record them but I like
to write so I just write I just write
lyrics sometimes sometimes they're a
little fucked up like that one was I
write a lot of fucked up lyrics but it's
a you know it's just something that I do
so I write I write crazy lyrics alright
shitty lyrics
alright now Caitlin asked what is your
favorite system of a down song / album
that is probably an impossible question
for me to answer um I don't know that I
have a favorite anything from system of
a down because they're my favorite band
of sis move down and Death Cab for Cutie
or my favorite bands and I don't have
favorites from them now if I were to
choose an era of System of a Down songs
that I like less I would choose to
mesmerize and hypnotize CDs and that's
probably gonna be blasphemy to you
because I see you have Darren as your
avatar but to me I really like the Sarge
songs better
you know I really love the subtitle CD I
love toxicity
I love steel this album I love all the
CDs but if you're if you if I'm forced
to choose I would say my favorite CD is
steal this album and my favorite song
when steal this album would be
streamline who is your favorite South
Park character either Cartman you know
Haney pinkish P pitch you would tend to
Eric I love Cartman or Randy Stan's that
those are my two favorites I love but I
love a lot of the characters on South
Park if you could be anybody for a week
who would you be and why I would be Mila
Kunis so I can look at myself naked in
the mirror what is grandpa's favorite
film of all time Driving Miss Daisy what
was your favorite childhood TV show I
would say either the Simpsons or like
Rugrats or something yeah I used to
always watch Nickelodeon in my grandma's
house and she would always like freak
out you know you actinide am mtv shit no
grandma I'm watching Rugrats on
Nickelodeon when it'd been happy no MTV
yeah I would choose either Rugrats or
you know Hey Arnold or The Simpsons what
is your favorite restaurant the one that
sells food is grandpa going to move out
of his trailer not anytime soon not that
I know about what got you started on
making vlogs well I started noticing
more and more people were doing vlogs
and I started watching them and I found
them really entertaining like Bridget
had me watching the boyfriend vs.
girlfriend Channel and I'll say hey this
is just their lives and I figured why
not do it you know I got a camera cool
it's cool
hey why do you not believe in God well
that's a rather serious question for a
Twitter Q&A but I don't want to keep
doing this it's like I'm channel my
inner mind to answer the questions so
the reason I don't believe in God so
first of all let me say I'm not an
atheist I'm an agnostic I'm searching
for the answer I don't know the answer I
don't know that I'll ever know the
answer but you know all I can do is is
think and use my mind and my mind tells
me that it's not possible for there to
be a God and ever
Ready's answer for God is you know Oh
what do you think the universe just
created itself well then who created God
did God just create himself you know how
is it possible but the universe couldn't
create itself but God could so that's my
question I don't get it
you know I don't know I just don't know
the answer I'm not an atheist
I just don't know okay he says what is
your favorite video game of all time or
what's your favorite horror movie of all
time well if I had to choose a favorite
video game of all time I would choose
collectively the GTA series because
Grand Theft Auto there's so much that
you can do it's it's so insane you know
and I think the games only get better so
maybe the last GTA Grand Theft Auto 5 in
Grand Theft Auto 4 you know by City
those are my favorite games of all time
I really am a huge fan of the GTA series
and my favorite a horror movie of all
time I would have to say Zodiac that
that movie genuinely scares me like
today that movie scares the fuck out of
me so zodiac tell a GP I said fuck you
fat ass okay hey okay I'm on Twitter I
was answering some questions on Twitter
and this guy named Patrick said to tell
you fuck you fat ass this guy Patrick
said tell anger grandpa said fuck you so
we have to trick the dogs into going
upstairs because they don't know you're
getting a bath threat hey tuck me in
Michael let's go to bed the balance
speaks in English dude I'm telling
you see believe that she does it every
time I'm so tired
oh man I'm ready to get some rest
how about you guys that's right Clyde I
don't think so
oh it's hard to break them so bad
Pullo Fang Kai got I got fresh you can
make those other dogs cream Fosgate coin
hi so as I've said these dogs are pretty
smart so I'm gonna take a guess because
we gotta grab the next dog was gonna be
Bella is that she's gonna be hiding ah
there you are come on Bella
is your turn come on you gotta camp one
come here give me a paw okay no come on
okay very crying ball come on baby just
a bath
oh poor little Bella a little butterball
please turn in your from Winnie the Pooh
oh just a little bow how did she know I
don't we did it in another room like I
know she's knows Vance crazy lazy son
yeah by far lazy is the easiest one to
wash huh I don't know I guess obviously
all right yeah well you guys wanna see
bridge get attacked because Felix's turn
here you go there's the first bath we've
given Felix oh god I'm scared
holy crap
holy shit and everything a chance for
soap hopefully I will get used to bath
better beat you to it
holy shit Oh feeling but Harrison's for
sure
