oh jesus dad got my Ouija get up well
what's going on you guys Kibby on the
camera here uh yeah I'll take some
Reese's fuck what you weren't having it
another I called you over here having it
you drop a guy empty y'all
you picked me up you gonna fuck it up in
the back so dad calls me oh we're good
my gonna need you to get to my house now
please
so I get to the house and it was because
the safety deposit box is that said you
deposit box you're safe play his little
safe wouldn't open the key wet and
turning why do I got a modifier oh I see
now you keep reading on it I thought all
this time you've had freaking money or
something in there you had candy in
there this whole time and slim jims
I love friendship now so what's the deal
here you're gonna get a new one I guess
I got it well I never wanted got no feet
in oh man dad why don't you put candy in
a safe your kid bridges fuckin hands out
it I don't want that we don't touch your
candy you know I
he always dhila my candy you little
barking
welcome back know you'll take it from me
no hold me back what
okay trap - step out there you're
fucking candy how you do rat
all right homeboy oh yeah we never
saying about that yeah we will I mean
vicious boy do we got a story for you
that being a little bit Jesus Christ dad
thank you come to another you can't talk
mouthful
yeah I never say
I'm gonna check for you your water well
if you haven't seen it the videos up by
now click the link below Grandpa's
unsafe meltdown McCall of that could you
destroy the safe that was unsafe so oh
man
dad just destroyed is the same and he
cut it with the with the freaking
whatever that thing is the saw and you
took everything to it didn't you yeah
well anyways we're still shipping out
wristbands oh yeah you're right we are
who you got to say I am being
overwhelmed with order from fish did
fans wristbands wristband I'm reading
every letter and I'm drawing any picture
it's take me some time so be patient I
promise you and they're coming be
patient you're going to get them and I'm
bid another batch autism ah Tuesday and
dive better another bad job Claudia did
I trip you all caught up
well a lot of people write me show me
that they got theirs yeah I know they
look good
judo they yeah they do yeah fog on it
yeah pot on it
you let me clean no like you always
never help I didn't destroy this thing
you know good about bad I'm told you you
wouldn't help here give it to me I'll
take it no dad I'll take you I want to
hurt you want to hurt yes I can figure
your fat ass are you emo now dad yeah my
way from Rick my goddamn thing like that
I knew anything it would have broke if
you had a boat it damn key key wow you
could get into it then I got a week you
look pissed but no not you why
what do you keep that saw it no yoga you
don't even need it up I'm gonna find out
right now oh damn it so you probably
right about that so oh man that was
crazy so anyway little mess you got a
broom
would you do this WOB all that hand
it looks good anyway you give me a bit
man you're surprised so I got sure
everyone full maybe for the next three
months you ain't right
you made things goddamn that you did is
this would you mind not cracking in
there man this is enough you cried all
in the living room I'm sorry I think you
did that when you took the box through
big a big you did this all right why
would I throw them out
hey Anna oh are you doing whoa you gonna
woke up didn't you
well send you a head up the dirt house
dad's over there Boppity you regret it
no you're great destroying your little
box yet
ya know got cooking in us of it I ain't
a mr. fix-it man not even mean yeah I
work I'm that frigerator why cuz she's
talking about God's kingdom right hand
okay take it uh neither
she doesn't want on your candy she took
Katie feet three feet free
can hey
would you Donnie alright dad so tell
them the story about last night last
night I went Italian and they got some
tables of chairs outside so I went
inside ordered and I came sit outside
and I was after ordered I was talking
about I was texting so I would seem
ordered raid it was ready so I left the
phone on the table I went inside got the
food and without thinking I went and got
him a van
the guy really left I got about to the
end of the table
oh shit my phone so I turn around come
back and the phone wasn't on the table
no more so I jumped out my van this
fella come outside
he said that was your phone right I said
yeah he said well there was a couple up
with a pretty woman and a guy pushing a
baby and he picked your phone up my
little girl told me about it I told us
it that's not your phone he told me to
go fuck myself he said what they went
towards Kmart so I went into Kmart and
turned out there was a woman where's
call her pregnant and a guy I asked God
I said how can I have my phone back he
said I don't have your phone no you were
ID if you're the one took my phone off
that table he said I ain't got your
fucking phone as a man just give the
phone man I just give up phone I walked
away he said I don't have your vote fat
thought I was looking at just give up
phone I see well I'll give you $20 they
forget me just give my phone he's a man
will beat your ass I don't like being
accused of shit I said Who I ain't gonna
try on people coming up you know I want
or trouble so I left I got outside I
called several police this time they
come out the door and they're walking
and they're like leaving the property
some of her police comes up and I tell
them I said officer
it wouldn't shoot him therefore that
that also hadn't gotten there yet I said
thank you for coming so quick she are we
talking about so I told her where are
they I said that's not walking right
over there so she pulled up behind
pulled him over they started giving her
lip
um she another police would come up they
pulled a jerk man put him inside a car
sure enough my phone was in his pocket
and he done threatened to beat my ass he
doesn't him and his girlfriend I
threatened to hurt bodily harm me she
said well he was real nice with us -
what do you want to do that's all the
French charges
someone stole my phone wouldn't give it
back then lies back then threaten me I
will press charges so I'm real - well
would you mind getting in the car just
idean they went inside talk to the fella
he went to he ID'd him as to want to get
my phone well the throw went to jail
Somerville they help you with they show
me what the paperwork to fill out
they led me through it I got my phone
back would you mind pointing take me
please I hope the dog was been so cute
though anyway I want to shout through
the serial police
fantastic job they were professional
they were courteous they got the job
done they led me through it and they did
everything that their they were trained
to do so your boys Department I'm doing
North Charleston police city tells the
police Hanahan police Charleston County
police and now so do police and I put
the son of the police run it as number
one
good job guys you helped our grandpa you
got his phone back that Michael gave me
and I appreciate it to that citizens who
stood up it says you're not gonna steal
this man's phone thank you to his little
girl who poured everything out there dad
thank you little girl
he told by the way he's military
he's Air Force go Air Force thank you
that's all I can say about it and
they're down and there's my phone I'm
happy
Louisa Hannah's happy too yeah I give
her a bone head up there baby
Deb you're Charlotte chubby your Jordan
number kuru give a girl yep rounded up
my Hannah yet tied up I had heard a good
girl
her dad a good girl yet or did her daddy
cougar yes sir it is
okay
Bobby well grandpa's taking me home
goddamn think I'm Neff yeah my fault
yes it was how could I take you home I
wouldn't stop you
always causing problems you picked me up
he just showed up at the house and
picked me and a whole market I need you
because you wouldn't and you and you're
breaking my head you broke your own shit
because you couldn't get it open you put
the key on you know you know how much of
a said that was an accident
you know how much was son what did I do
not looking fun why is that could you
let me break my shit you broke your own
shit we could have probably fixed it
with the key in there I don't think so
no I've got no weight loss to my Candia
you don't even lock in candy up anyway I
do go to bridges right you leave it off
okay then I got to film this dog over
here you see it damn dogs just sitting
there
that can't be safe dog there it is David
are we doing
I couldn't really film it well enough
but we were just driving by the truck
and it was this dog just like standing
alike them link the back of the lake
looking at a toolbox in the back of his
truck and the dog was just standing on
it I didn't see me change or rope or
nothing he was just doing it holy crap
is that safe it's time for some word
association I'm not doing that shit okay
first word I'm not doing it do you want
Association about doing the buck okay
first word is what are you doing we're
out of gaudiya wonder why God I want to
do it okay Jesus
