this is too fricking much no it is in
what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here for two of us here I'm sick
I can how do we accumulate so much
garbage
we're trash
you know dr. pepper says yeah it melted
the bag
whoa it's in our trash can oh my god it
stinks I'm leaving trust me I smell it
babe you're doing great
hi what are you doing just help us do
heavy what is all in this refrigerator
stuff I assumed um okay guys I'm going
to help Michael out I'm going
it's pretty funny
give me a favor I helped you out do me a
favor
what next time you want to dispose of a
body don't put it in the trash can
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here er right there what's going
on with your voice what do you mean you
hear it I know you hear it don't scare
me I'm not trying to scare you I'm
trying to find out what's going on I
think I'm sick
what kind of sick like a cold in today
is Tuesday is it Tuesday it's Tuesday
today okay today is you sure yeah and
where all of them feel like I know feels
like could you go please
sorry feels and he doesn't want to hang
out with while mom was dealing with her
sick that's it guys today's Tuesday yup
today we're packing up Halloween
Halloween stuff is coming down Bridget
I'm gonna miss it so much
yeah I mean you hang it up next on
believe that what it's my wax melter
right you didn't use it once and it's
not Christmas so I hate your wife I'm
just loving it all right as long as your
clay
this Halloween haunted house day no that
fucking go I don't know all right very
good
believe Jason well yes that's all year
round kind of declaration oh yeah they
got Friday 13th in marches - yeah what
do I do with all this oh now we got to
put in the crate Oh Michael
what no uh-huh that was clawed what do
you what's wrong yes I got this I got
this bed you said to put it in the crate
I got it I can't do this okay
Michael your performance was masterful
guys what I just showed you was an
example when how to get out of doing
stuff that you don't want to do I did
not want to put up the Halloween stuff
it is not my idea I don't care just give
me the Christmas stuff so do it
haphazardly half-assed make her think
you're gonna break stuff and she'll ask
you to stop so guys if you're wondering
how to get out of doing anything that's
how just got a really cool package you
guys I wanted to show you you don't want
me to help
Bridgette I'll just mess it up
oh you only take it upstairs let me do
this first and I'm sick of this guy's
okay can I do this please please please
can I do this once okay okay
you ain't going nowhere
please please don't leave please I love
you look at that smile on your face you
know you won it was funny yeah I'd love
one name can you stop now I need help
I'm gonna do it can I do the seat excuse
me I was in the hospital I still have
that problem I gotta show you something
just got one of the new angry grandpa
shirts in the mail you guys look at this
it is amazing Bridget isn't it the
quality Wow Oh take this you need help
yes I do
guys first things first we this is the
angry grandpa Banksy hope shirt you guys
this is awesome I love it this is my
favorite view shirt yeah it's my
favorite not only that but we've got
hoodies oh that is really nice and a
seriously it's like the black with like
the white logo yeah I uh put this on
look at this
oh man this is nice it is guys if you
want to know where to get this up
yourself the shirt the hoodie go to the
grand pasta that we have with
BroadbandTV is it too dark
no oh perfect guys we have a new store
with broadband TV this is some of the
merchandise we got this is really this
is all of it wow I love it love it
now it's not for Bridget to take the
Halloween box ups I'm too sick to do
that babe so I need your help
oh my god
are you serious it's super heavy oh my
gosh no it isn't I'm staying
my back hurts I'm sick what is in this
decoration bars no better break my stuff
I'm trying you know for you know this
decoration stuff you guys I'm angry I
did my part I gotta talk about something
right here at the beginning of the vlog
I wanted to give you guys an update on
grandpa because guys if you didn't see
yesterday we have official confirmation
that grandpa is coming home and I could
not be more excited guys when all this
happened back in October like I keep
saying that we thought we were gonna
lose grandpa and then I keep saying it
because I want you guys to realize that
we thought we were gonna lose grandpa
like when I came to the hospital it was
to say goodbye
and I never thought that he'd be coming
home again and now that he is
I gotta start preparing for stuff so
guys number one he told me this morning
that he wants a good like authentic
home-cooked meal and and I don't like
know any recipes for good authentic
home-cooked meals I make stuff like
bacon-wrapped hot dogs and meatballs and
tacos which he doesn't like tacos so
guys what are you shoulder yeah I'm so
sorry I am I'm so sorry
where did I didn't think you were gonna
throw it I was just trying to scare you
yo where is the camera why are you
looking over here it dropped over here
okay no you're so rude I'm pissed at you
right now
get over it I'm sorry I said are you too
good for sorries Oh where's the my oh my
gosh
yo he's broken the selfie stick is broke
thanks Bridget okay we only have two
camera I'm sorry Michael it's not in
this bush at all I'm sorry I'm gonna go
inside you're gonna find the camera okay
no I'm not you're not scared of the
bushes like a why would it be in here
well I don't know did it just disappear
into the atmosphere cause it's not maybe
maybe a black hole I don't know so it's
more likely that it went into a black
hole bin oh my god video spiders might
oh the camera who cares about it there's
footage on it sorry why are you filming
this why did you just automatically grab
the other camera does this make you feel
good no in fact I'm sorry again where
you got to all right to lose the footage
and this because they don't home should
we do the whole scene give it here
Michael
guys give it here for the camera oh my
god chill out
ah oh my
you're scaring me at this point stop
camera bunch oh oh come on do you deny
it are you kidding me fish you like the
camera yeah I must have it's broken look
oh my god this is one expensive prank I
should have done it oh okay I'm trying
to look why don't you take the memory
card out and the battery okay a my word
how about I can save
well they will add I'm going I'm about
done with you today just let me get this
no Michael stop this is your fault I
said I'm sorry
accidentally pranked me what folks
pretty soon this wasn't supposed to
happen
yeah you're right this is about $800
yeah you know we kind of need that oh
stop it camera out of my face right now
but that's two and we lose the photo
snap it do it
I'll call me out do it I don't have the
balls all right
I don't know why I'm so angry right now
you guys I know you've noticed that I've
been angry all day I don't know what's
going on
ah I'm in a very good mood because dad's
coming home at the same time I still
have like this urge to like urinate all
the time so I you know I'm afraid of my
general going back to the hospital but I
don't know like what they're gonna find
then it find anything before so I'm just
in a very bad mood I wanted to apologize
for like making that apparent to you
guys I don't always want to be that
person who's angry I've been angry a lot
lately but sorry I was able to rescue
the footage where I threw the camera you
guys saw it it was mixed in with the
footage they cut off I guess what
happens when this camera takes a bump it
cuts off and yeah I'd hit the bush and
then it cut off so I don't know where I
don't know how it got to where it did I
don't know if it was broke but I threw
it I must have broken it when I smacked
it with the selfie stick a bunch of
times I don't know guys we're gonna be
doing this outro in just a second I just
wanted to take that like moment to
apologize for my anger outburst I've got
an anger problem no doubt about it I've
got an anger problem I need to work on
it otherwise I'm gonna end up just like
that
and I don't want to like break things
out of anger like I just did psycho
boyfriend destroys camera thanks for
juggernaut
I don't know let's do this outro Bridget
sorry yet - the old my anger no she made
me throw the camera though didn't she
about she let's do this outro well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching
tried to put up a balloon decorations
that didn't work
tried to record a scene ask him what I
should cook for grandpa that didn't work
today just has not worked for me I broke
the camera try to take the garbage in
the street that didn't work I'm at a
point where something's got to work
right like if something doesn't work
soon I'm gonna snap although I have a
snap and a lot calm down everything's
gonna be alright guys getting out of
here thanks for watching remember
grandpa comes home this week
like subscribe a friend and that's
