well I am just sitting here with Felix
I was just watching TV and Felix is just
sitting here with me oh I'm sorry
turn on the light it's really crazy
every time I'm sitting here overnight
when Brigitte sleeping I just chill
album there's Felix watching TV with me
oh yeah what's going on you guys keep me
on camera here and I'm starting this new
vlog while the other one saves so it's
not even uploaded yet but I'm starting
anyway just because I looked over and I
saw Felix would you get up for you would
turn off the light there you go
well it is now morning the vlog started
with me and Felix Felix and I on the
couch last night and it's the next day
so happy Friday everybody we were gonna
go to the movies tonight but we decided
not to because I couldn't find anything
I wanted to see I'm seeing everybody's
liking guardians of galaxy but what if
it sucks it was bigge Friday yeah
Bridget is an aminika watching Ferris
Bueller on oxygen
followed by Freaky Friday we got these
movies on food too but we gotta watch
them a regular TV with editing so right
now we have it on Ferris Bueller's Day
Off it's on oxygen right now and have
any I don't know if you've ever seen
this before but when movies go to TV and
the hell cussing and I'm they replace
them with a word like a like if the
movie says don't fuck with me they
replaced a voice you know don't mess
with me so that's what they did here and
I don't think I've ever seen it more
evident and more obvious than right here
I gotta take a stand against him
I am NOT gonna sit on my hide it's not
even the same voice it sounds like
Ferris Bueller's voice I am NOT gonna
sit on my hide I gotta take a stand
against him
I am NOT gonna sit on my hide and why
was the replacement word hide anyway
wouldn't you say but I mean this is the
80s movies that would be considered
rated R now we're ready to pg-13 back
then so how come you could say but I am
NOT gonna sit on my butt my hide so
that's something we just went out watch
it one more time me I gotta take a stand
against him
I am NOT going to sit on my hide Jesus
loving Christ all right dad you hear the
news what news it actually broke a
couple of days ago but I wanted to see
if it was for sure before I told you
hold on to your seat one Michael Spike
TV has canceled TNA goddamn time ha ha
ha should've done it years ago this is
what you get this is what you get Dixie
for not hiring Paul Heyman when you had
the chance to that's what you get for
paying fucking what I was out mother
what I thought it was named whole Cogan
Hulk Hogan they paid on that big money
you could have got some decent goddamn
wrestlers that's true
you paid whole coke and all this money
for however long you did it for oh my
god you're bad the wrestlers you really
gonna do it up in there food stamps
they're like a bitter get the free candy
apples no more than two rods that sucked
so yeah TNA we were Jada way to people's
livelihood
no more cotton candy no more candy
apples are wrestling you wouldn't like
it bitch nice job ditzy and you made
that goddamned off that y'all WWE has
been who WWE was glad to get rid of what
was a which one yeah well I mean
nobody's full of them the one that
thought he was a fucking rat Olympic
wrestler Kurt Angle yeah Kurt Angle you
know are we the GNA cuz judge Jeff was
banging his old lady and his kids called
Jeff Jarrett daddy Jesus that's why I
forgot about that
yeah a lot of jade man yeah those kids
are calling Jeff Jarrett daddy Jeff
Jarrett's got another company opening up
a thing it'll be a loser
it'll be a losing altitude he's nobody
would tell you want to ruin a company
like Jeff Jarrett how something do it
Dixie harder yeah Jeff Jarrett and Toby
Keith we're gonna buy 18:8 land last
year about Jo believe that more took
more class so
TNA is gonna be gone by October most
likely unless they can find another
network
who the hell wants a losing rating joke
uh they think nobody when your show gets
lower ratings than reruns of wings on TV
land you got a problem your show sucks
shows up for you although they had gobos
Erica he was kind of drifty he looks
like a drifter he's a dread that drift
was he ought to go back to fishing he
did better you're gonna have to if he
wants to eat hay yeah I guess he able to
catch it up cuz I'm talking about Wendy
looking company so what's your final
word for TNA hahaha so bow farewell avi
does a to you and Dixie Carter you go
and give screwed density' dad dad dad
dad dad that's it about that die are you
going farewell farewell goodbye
alright well it is raining outside as
you can tell and oh I was just out in it
it's pretty crazy that so much rain but
I was coming down dude special effects
fail so we're putting the dogs outside
right now they're gonna get sprayed with
the hose
really yeah
No
well that's gonna be about it for today
just sitting here drinking some water
most delicious so anyway so we've had
people sending us pictures of them in
their wristbands and the drawings the
grandpa didn't why sign in Bridget would
sign so if you happen to get one if you
sent off for one and you got it tweet it
to us at lyric old rad right tag is on
Facebook bitch is gonna cook too at
lyric old rat Bridget West the angry
grandpa our Twitter links are below
there's there's a few fakes of dad out
there his only Twitter account is below
my only Twitter account is below the
only Facebook is that anger grandpa so
you can find us easily tweet us the
pictures you have of you wearing your
wristbands tag us on Instagram Facebook
MySpace if you still use it if you can I
don't know what Justin Timberlake did do
it but whatever you got to do tweet us
tag us whatever show us you in the
wristband I'm not gonna wipe off the
lens I'm gonna see just how foggy it
gets I only have one Facebook to and
Michael with that fart horrible oh I
don't think you'll say nothing I could
smell it it smells I farted silently and
it's like one of dads Oh God it's real
wide oh man
damn I look good
hey guys yeah Bridget's identities been
blocked for security reasons
oh okay I'm only gonna wipe a part of
the lens I'll see what that does so hey
hey guys hey what's going on you guys
hey guys specialist here half of pickle
boy here the other half is doing
something else to us don't totally go on
so what I just hit the table so anyway
that's gonna be about it for today
thanks for watching you guys let me wipe
off the lens now that fog made me look a
little thin so anyway like subscribe
subscribe because she said it so that's
things that seems like a reasonable
request for a favorite so that was
grandpa's thoughts on teen a wrestling
that was having some fun with the dogs
uh I gotta put out my favorite part of
the video again take a look at this
again this slow-motion shot of Bella
when she was jumping for the hose look
at that crap it's amazing and also
what's equally as funny is the way
lazy's bark sounds in slow motion let's
listen to that again so thanks for
watching you guys pick up all year hey
don't be do it by ear do so thanks for
watching you guys
here's my style here's my so innocent
yeah this is my smile hey this is your
smile so much about but Appetit bill
this is my smile and this is Michael you
better look at this was empty so thanks
for watching my that's why I did because
I knew it was empty thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe click like if
you want me to push Bridget's face away
from mine
no thanks for clicking like thanks so
anyway thanks for watching you guys like
touching my
hey to tell these people they say like
subscribe I love the way more into it
and that's it
that was the end that's it No
