what's going on you guys keeping on a
camera here but you must hear us
oh sorry here so it's time for my next
horror blog so I'm excited to see what's
in this one I wish these things came
every week I know right they're so cool
I actually like the Fox here we go so
the first thing hey from Funko or from
popped out from pop toys it's a
sharknado toy - sharknado I've never
seen this it's got like a cult following
people are saying to watch the sharknado
and then you're in heard of it that's
really cute it's like a tornado picks up
sharks uh-huh looks like it's something
from The Nightmare Before Christmas
boogy boogy anyway I can't figure this
out right now but it's supposed to be
okie boogie from The Nightmare Before
Christmas wait it won't take a good
dancer later hmm sure as always we'll be
last there's a keychain a kind o little
zombie keychain
well okay maybe it's a little kid I'd be
embarrassed I have that really it's
pixel you another copy her room org
magazine cool - the crow on the cover
this says
the Frog brothers vampire hunters okay
this is from The Lost Boys
it's a lost boy shirt huh it's mine
whatever it is it's The Lost Boys hello
you called me no you very much called me
Wow damn I'm very proud of you for being
so observant were you going no I bring
you no one Brella we don't even have one
I I don't have an umbrella oh you know
buy one are there any more wristbands
about your general Faton what your
private Pyle I've never seen The
Nightmare Before Christmas before uh
that's probably sacrilege to a lot of
people because it's like a cult classic
I think of major classic to everybody
really uh
but I've never seen my cousin Jessica's
obsessed with this so she would know
more about this than I would but this is
the thing boogy boogy I love it it's
mine I'm still making that count I don't
know it looks like a freaking sack of
potatoes I grew into a human anyway oh
that's that
so horror block this month I got the
shirt cut the sharknado toy I got the
zombie figure the buttons in the
magazine I don't feel like it was good
as last month no last month was awesome
was my first impression this one's a
step down but it's still cool I like the
shirts The Lost Boys
so Lost Boys shirt
boogy boogy that is nerd blood for this
month you saw a car stop according to
camber you so shop cut I love Michael
God came off now
Felix you're so awesome
are you just sitting there perched on
the top whoa oh oh you're awesome
feeling I know right you ain't throwing
me off what's down Bella
try to get out there get our rolled on
that rent going on no you're on your own
belt you check here I got my other
glasses again got those today
Bridget surprised me with them I guess
they were in and I didn't know it so she
was out earlier and when she came back
she had my new glasses and I love them
so here they are so got my glasses back
it's throwback Thursday so tonight I'm
gonna tell another story that's later it
was just raining I ran inside no grab
the camera because it was pouring down
rain like oh I gotta get all this rain
on camera and then I come back out it's
done it's not raining anymore so anyway
that's it for now he's like doing he's
like jumping on on whoa hey whoa buddy I
had to hold onto the camera he was going
for it so Clyde was just going for the
camera and he got it this time whoop
took it with him Clyde was just jumping
around and now we think his chin may be
bleeding so we're gonna take a look at
this oh poor boy you okay what happened
come here buddy let's get you fixed up
nothing little muffin top so he was
jumping around and he scratched this
channel so there may be a fingernail or
maybe the camera but we can see it's
bleeding so we're taking care of glad we
have Clyde don't touch me bitch he hates
you
well it's throwback Thursday and I
decided to tell a recent story oh sorry
a starter or
LLL a story from a few years ago that
happened with Bridget and I that I never
- I we never filmed but happened within
the timeframe of doing the anchor
grandpa videos we just never talked
about it or anything so dad what he
would do is when I was when I was living
in the trailer we had my two younger
nephews that weren't old enough for
school yet and sometimes a seven o'clock
in the morning dad would come in the
room Michael watch the boys I'll be back
and shut the door and he'd leave now uh
it's seven o'clock in the morning I'm a
night owl I go to sleep about 4:00 in
the morning so I'm working on a few
hours of sleep so I don't even remember
him coming in I would just be like oh
okay
and then I wake up at ten o'clock in the
morning and he's in there watching TV
and I look around my room and my DVDs
are destroyed the TV's unplugged my
computer is turned over I'm like god
dammit the boys were in my room again
and I got to talk to you why did you
with watching it what yeah or wasn't you
well one day dad comes in murga washed
kids he leaves and okay I got it about
ten o'clock in the morning I get a knock
on the door it wasn't the house door it
was my bedroom door Oh huh it was the
police
remember this yeah it was the police
anybody home huh I am you know these
kids are in the street outside right now
what are the rest your ass right now I'm
going wait a minute the kids and then I
remember dad left him with me
again
he sits them in the room and he leaves
locks the door when they find a way out
they're smart children they're not
greens they're not like us they're smart
so I walk out I see the kids hey Baba
and there I am half-asleep next thing
you know the cop puts me in handcuffs
walks me to the car
and he tells me I'm going to jail
bridges crime
she's crying she's crying the police had
me in the back of the car and it was
like one of those like moral lessons
they're teaching me and that's why you
don't leave the kids outside it was like
a rest of the velopment and that's why
you always leave a note but the guy the
cops had me arrested told me I might be
going to jail told me I would go to jail
put happen again we got through it
it was crazy dad was pissing me you
stupid levy Pete that goddamn I
want you out to have I'm moving in with
buddy you ain't got to go buddy
don't go so it was a whole thing so
that's what happened that's the story
for today dad would always leave the
kids and usually it would just be in my
room the whole time destroying but
this time they got out got into the
street the police came into the house
almost arrested me and dad got pissed
off as he does and that's the story for
throwback Thursday what those a weird
smile ELISA and that's the story for the
best Thursday that's the story though I
just look go over the cat's in the box
and Klaas just next to it going on Felix
oh hey I'm gonna narrate them like I'm
leaving Felix goddamnit
you ruined it bela lugosi Felix
hey Clyde come over here I'm in a box
what is that is that
Clyde get over here I want you to see
what I found in this box how the do
I get out of here I was gonna do a
little bit of narrating pretending oh
let's try by I tried it sometimes when
I'm bored uh me and Bridget Bridget and
I will sometimes pretend were the
animals because that's kind of losers we
are Willy we pretend we're animals hey
it's fun so I'll just sit what the voice
that I gave the cat which I did do over
there was sort of like the voice of cat
from cat dog I tried to do that one well
hello Clyde how does that cat sound
trying to remember
well hello dog would you pass me like
cat food I can't do the boys it's
something like that though something
diabolical meanwhile the other dogs
I give lazy the voice of Beetlejuice
from Howard Stern why did you interrupt
me while I was describing his voice
please don't do that again please don't
do that again
I find it offensive I find it offensive
it's a fight it's offensive and wrong I
give lazy the voice of Beetlejuice from
Howard Stern how are you lazy Oh about
35 45 years oh whoa I don't agree with
the voice
she just sound like a thug and that
changed Oh
so yeah that's the voice I do for lazy
Oh I jump and I bake though
that could be Burgess boys oh don't
bridge with him this is me what's going
on you guys keep you on a camera here
this is you Oh Papa the job I think
though not true
you tell me click like it that's true
it's not sure Oh click like a box I like
this too if I prayed you ate that I
thought I did nothing
I love by that now do you click a
lot yeah Paul
no no ohh
so this is the outro follow me and
everything and I grabbed the camera for
more thanks for watching you guys thanks
for watching you guys
fully my video like subscribe favorite
and follow me on Twitter because I talk
on Twitter and Facebook I'm cutting all
that out hi like subscribe favorite
quality on everything like Twitter and
Facebook I'm thinking no but follow me
bye
