what's going on you guys keeping on a
camera here oh oh my god laughs bag dude
what quietly your ass bag well I'm here
at grandpa's house cuz I'm taking my
nephew's to the house for a little bit
get them out of my hair while Dad writes
out and sends out the wristbands as they
come any day they go out tomorrow
morning so you already sent something
this morning I said oh I said God about
70 something this morning I got all
these to go nailing it down on that mini
yeah let me throw you a bone yeah don't
need okay now you need write all this
but there's this darn eBook
okay well where's Neil Jesus Christ I
gotta do more to you I need a break
all right let's get it look at that you
don't finish for me they don't want my
pictures wash with a little bit you have
to add to every one of it
okay I got four two key
no I need a part I need what kind of
force out what are you doing huh what
was that say me what I drew a picture of
you
oh you got nothing in that word what a
bit whatever to not be a 13 year old kid
I wasn't um you got a respect for the
young here I was what is your problem
you know you don't people don't leave
you see it feels like that you're tired
of you coming to my house just or my
crap I destroy anything dollars double
I'm tired
well how about this I'm gonna keep doing
it over and over and over
haha cook you can't little bridges and
stab me I think you die too cause I'm
gonna make fun of me and you you the
mine please daddy mama I love you down
out I told you to give you a bunch of
little time fuck you Michael I'll kill
you
you're easy
you're easy shaking my head Oh Michael
yo your gut my I feel so bad
people were proofing on one fake blood
on my lip this shit stains Manor they
don't come off that wasn't even a good
one either oh yeah we do and we will get
rid of them we don't we still like you
come in baby please look at you yeah we
just got you with that
well I only thought it 33 oh yeah I mean
really I just want we got a vet hey
let's get ready to stab me we got some
fake blood that was in it and you fell
for it hook pitch pitch sounds good no
it wasn't and more coming grandpa damn
yeah for you oh you kid you nothing
please I got something you plan yes so
do i I know where you live
oh so you forgive you enough you didn't
know I'll even be retarded me down of
friends you ain't we're not friends
we're against you down yeah dad's not
gonna prank me back oh yeah I am yeah
yeah I gotta go man I thought we were
good we are give us do a good use for
what look at I can well let's go take a
look at dad's bad still the fall
on you okay then here's a couple of
questions first of all why is there a
computer mouse on your bed second of all
why is there graham crackers I see dad's
probably just like laying back in his
bed make it eatin graham crackers
surfing the internet hey Jordan oh my
girl yeah by God you my girl you keep
your daddy all harness yeah her guys
know her her girly to walk walking Kukui
walk whoa he's so sweet she's a loving
dog thank you baby huh yeah proper love
you Nana you want us to want to help me
trick grandpa they do we go fight you
know I write I drink oh yeah
well how come you don't want to come out
yeah you do one crime so just in here
with my nephews we've been playing
playing some video games watch South
Park plays Last of Us remastered which I
got that today looks beautiful I
purposely stopped playing that game on
the ps3 because I knew was gonna come
out for the ps4 so I said screw it I'm
gonna wait it was hard waiting but I'm
starting to play it now and the graphics
are just beautiful well we are at
chick-fil-a right now JC's holding the
milkshakes whoo we ordered a lot of food
we were taken to Grandpa's house I feel
like strange people watching me as I
blog
it's a cow that's the joke a cow spelled
neighbor because what it is the joke
johnny is that a a cow is what burgers
are made of so the cow is telling you to
eat more chicken because it doesn't want
anymore cows killed you know what they
want the chickens killed instead what a
repulsive campaign huh 5 we are back
with the kids I love you whacking it Tom
knocking hey what's up Jesus you could
use your chair you know I could you to
do there too
what are you watching you up I know some
old fucking movie well drop the kids
back to you I thought we were cool we
cool we aren't muscles even on the flow
what was work on that man
you want to go that I got no van you got
the man oh wow you put a bio you put a
bit in my van you duh
what do you move it nothing I'm gonna
run to you all Oh would you get out of
here okay please put it over your
shoulder
what nothing say hello to my vlog
hello vlog tell you give me a bad sure
all swim ships I don't have any
slimgenics don't talk to me I can't talk
to you get in to get slim jim your slim
jims i'll talk to you till then guys
warm out here it's supposed to be a real
good tonight then go over i'll field how
come you left yet cuz I wanted to say
goodbye to your uncle goodbye what's
really trashed earlier won't make a
thumbnail what that's when we get foam
nail but what's the thumbnail the
picture they see when they click the
video ok make a weird face that's an
angry face
well I get I'm not using for the
thumbnail either I just wanted you to
make a dumb fuck you're making the other
day I'll use that for the thumbnail
weirder than that try to cross your eyes
and they know neither one of those foofy
fail
young male is gonna be me on the ground
covered in blood yeah let me pop low
juice
