what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here good morning everyone a
little bit of this cameras moving with
me that was Bridget's finger so anyway
what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and this camera is actually
dying what I didn't car charge my camera
last night
so cameras dying got to go see Dad soon
we didn't get together this weekend to
record the Monday mailbag video because
I was just sleeping
this was my sleep we can't so I slept a
little bit so going on boy the dad's
house pretty soon I guess I got to take
the other camera because this one's dead
so unweighted grandpa's going to the
Monday mailbag video maybe I'll check in
on his bedding situation Bell what you
doing yeah a filthy laundry really get
out of there I think I smell so much
filth in here that I love it Oh hope you
watched and enjoyed yesterday's vlog it
was game night it was game night in the
greenhouse yeah I beat Bridget in
several games Jaden I cheated and still
lost so anyway that's what's happening
today I'm way the dad's wrestling
tonight excited by now the money mailbag
video will have been up so click the
link below to check that out now I'm
going to you don't touch camera you
don't touch camera I could do what I
want
Oh what does it say it says I have zero
well we just finished a mailbag Monday
yeah they're just I have an envelope
it's crazy man I like the old you don't
move here so all of those are for Brist
bands Rip Van de Partie already down
going out in the middle tomorrow okay so
tell me about this you're gonna be
drawing a picture for each one these and
would you please not through the show
before Michael please mind your business
yeah I'm drawing pictures everybody
gives a barn bed and they're part of the
army I'm drawing a picture see there's
pictures hair picture there pick a boy
that does up that you're I wrote pickle
boy oh you
here's a picture of my hand with my
armband
yeah you said grandpa's new cells gonna
be grandpa's army so I see grandma's
army not his arms just different picture
doubled everybody can get a different
picture and I get to practice my art
what's that that's your big fucking
belly
oh that's princess how's that precious
God we're pink that's a dog remember you
do a dog yeah I married oh I'm a dog
well this is pretty cool
so you give everybody a dry everybody
gets it wrong order the wristband you
know we should I sign any of these yeah
got you something you're right
hey but yeah everyone and their dog
better be taped to a picture that's cool
so join the army
I was sign give them to her dig it down
you don't come on me I don't want you
near me all right well you're lighter
but in my leg
you're in the jailhouse now for my
letter you're in the jailhouse now give
my letter my toes she wants your splice
oh jesus fucking christ
would you like who's got him do it blood
No so she asked for pen
well if you can't tell I am using the
other camera right now because my other
camera is not charged why to charge
because I stupidly left it out on you
stupid you dad you want to film a quick
know what won't scare JC awake good well
you gonna fight Callie you're gonna film
it I don't use that camera just hold it
see what you're talking I probably won't
do it well you're gonna have to head
same food you didn't scare shit I know I
didn't give me how Thursday tired that's
this one's gonna like would some Johnny
what's your plan what oh oh oh
we gave Hannah some deworming medicine
today so we have to have Hermitage for
right now so she is being dewormed yeah
did you take yours
what no good oh man as the most
repulsive smell s not in a long time
so show me that's that knife somebody
sent you today give me the sword it's
less of a sword less of a knife more of
a machete type thing I got quite the
collection going on point it to me I'm
just trying to give them like 3d that's
pretty crazy please don't use that on
you yeah
are you happy I appreciate coming to do
a mailbag Monday so I just take some
cool pictures of you you want to eat
would you think about getting those
printed up and we sending those out yeah
what I was gonna do that anyway I want
to I won't get some autographed pictures
people that's cool we'll put them in
stock so let's get rid of that shirt I
may be fat but have a huge cock
Gamecocks so Paul's got Dan you know
what he loves me be doing guy here I'm
about kissing you kissing you like you
can goddamn vagina spider
God love you too bye bye
hey hey boy
damage the cat moved just a minute ago
the two dogs were eating the cat was
just like sitting in between them
looking around you're brave one cat
those are gone I'm done I'm gonna chew
up this ball a little bit hey guys but
rest here well what you look it's funny
okay so bridge of us here and okay
there's some watermelon
what Oh Kiki the first buying scared
actually throw it man
that was booked I lose my paws is one of
the dogs oh you know I have the worst
aim ever that was really I can't throw I
don't know what it is here all right hmm
those my snack is that it and they're
more yeah that's all right
opposed joking and lazy's peace just a
little piece of crop piece okay I don't
work oh hey
like you show up in a wasp's I have to
water them Oh new so cute all right you
guys I'll wait on my next piece what's
going on ah set it to my mouth
are you guys the ladies Bell God well it
is quiet it was really loud earlier
because it was raining seriously heavy
huh
well anyway that's going to be it for
today I'm a little pissed off I was
switching the you know I did that other
camera today because stupidly I didn't
charge this one and that one camera
sometimes has a problem with saving
clips which is the case that happened
today I had a lot of good stuff at dads
house today I went to his bedroom and we
did some shit and he was bitching at me
and I think there's a reflection of the
mirror creeped me out anyway um I did a
lot of good stuff in there dad was
yelling at me and I don't have any of
the video the camera didn't keep it it
was totally disheartening cuz I really
enjoyed the footage I thought it was
great
how's it go it's gonna be a good vlog
today and it's still a good vlog I
enjoyed the vlog but I don't have the
stuff that I wanted so anyway thanks for
watching you guys that's gonna be it for
today happy Monday collide says have a
safe and happy Monday right good
quietly go make more than I have a safe
and happy Monday to him we want you to
have an unsafe and dangerous Monday so
anyway thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe nothing from Bridget favorite
I knew she'd jump
a goddess like someone laying on the
horn want to know something
I signed a lot of pictures Oh
some of y'all got who got bracelets are
gonna get bridges so you're gonna get
mine as well so anyway so anyway you're
gonna get our signatures you're gonna
get dad's signature dad likes to do his
little drawings he really enjoys doing
that every time people get stuff like
before when people would order the
shirts he'd make us drawing for
everybody and him into me I would be
finding cooler to get that than getting
the shirt you know I think that sounds
pretty cool so anyway thanks for
watching you glad I did this thanks for
watching
why why is God punishing me I don't
believe in you cry I gotta walk away
from this bridge turn the light on might
be as if I don't have a light on this
camera oh my god however will I act
because the light is out
oh yeah I'll turn the camera light so
anyway thanks for watching ah click like
if her doing that bothers the shit
are you thanks for watching hey I get
the last word
no no oh you whore
we're just popped open this apple cider
vinegar - spilled everywhere hey dude
bitch just rubbed it all over me wait
kick in the photo we all know I don't
change for week
smelly Burgess vagina painted and when
those two come together up thanks for
watching you guys
like fan favorite that's it
