what's going on you guys can't behind a
camera here nope fridge what's not here
she is outside now then if you didn't
see my video yesterday new glasses check
those out also if you haven't seen it
the hey Jimmy Kimmel I hop don't pop
again video as below I tell you the link
is below because some people may not
click the video because you may think
that it's a reload of the other video so
it's important that you guys check it
out and share and get it out there so
other people can see it because they
might think that it's a real plug see
what I was doing I kept one like jerking
anyway what's going on you guys keeping
a camera here and tonight huh tonight
bridge and I are going to the movies and
then we're gonna go see 22 Jump Street
there's nothing else that I wanted to go
see not going to see Hercules I'm not
gonna support the Huq I wanted to go see
the movie boyhood it's not playing
anywhere near me so I can't see that was
really looking forward to seeing that
movie too but can't go see boyhood
there's nothing else really that I
wanted to see and we wanted to go to a
movie so we're gonna go see 22 Jump
Street haven't seen it yet but the
ratings are just as good you know for
the for this one as for the other one so
we're gonna go see 22 Jump straight
actually look I can't tell she's just so
cute
what too much attention whoa No
what happened to you being so sweet
Bella oh my god Oh God Oh Bella drop it
drop it well we just got back from
seeing 22 Jump Street uh first opinions
you know there was some funny parts note
that I really enjoy but um yeah that's
it you know going into the movie as a
huge fan of the first one my biggest
fear and I get they probably did this on
purpose but it still didn't work my
biggest fear was that they were gonna
try to go too big you know like oh the
other one was good so let's do this and
that might have been part of the joke
like oh let's go too big on purpose but
it didn't work because they were lied on
that stuff for the humor now there were
some really funny parts and there were a
lot of really really bad parts so it I
would give it a 4 out of 10 yeah you see
because it does the really funny stuff
wasn't good enough but like I will say
the funniest part of the movie to me was
the very end credit scene or it you know
it's our spoiler alert although it was
not really a spoiler or anything but
spoiler alert the end credits scene
starts showing I thought all the
hypothetical 21 Jump Street you know
sequels 23 Jump Street it shows a
preview 24 jump straight 25 26 27 that
part was I was crying in the theater
because it was so genuinely hilarious at
one point it was 26 Jump Street
veterinary
school and you see like animals were
like monkeys kind of like zookeeper or
something like that had be genuinely
crying but uh other than that the movie
wasn't that good the first one still
remains you know really high on my
comedy list second one not so much but
anyway now that's over we just got back
it's ten o'clock there were some some
stuff that I didn't put in the vlog
yesterday because it wasn't sure if I
was adding it to the main video which I
didn't use so oh yeah this guy's ever
done for me
my short from before who did it hey
Belle with my restaurant
oh so there was a lot of footage that I
did not use the reason being is you know
I did the vlog where I was like well
what am i saving for the main video so I
edited up the main video and I had a lot
of excess stuff so here goes that stuff
the deleted themes from what's I called
oh I hopped on pop again hey Jimmy
Kimmel I'm like dyslexic
hey Jimmy Kimmel I hop don't pop again
so here's some of that shit shit stuff
clips okay dad give me a bet yeah hey
you did it back in here I was dead
Jesus what is that thing did you guys
get a sword up what did you got in a
sword by the fire we're not sword
fighting
dad don't play around with this thing
okay dad I'm not joking please put it
down
please up hey me too
yeah dad I don't you fine with us give
it here
I hate you dad I got yo gotti Abed now I
was buying you a new frame tomorrow now
what that we gonna do you got anything
no more
you owe me a bed I'll owe you nothing
damu goddamn knife I wanna get you like
a fish and you let it go here good
yeah sleep on the floor tonight
obviously how do I don't get your
goddamn bed no I want a goddamn clean
attested fucking bed anyway
what time is it I don't know 12:30
well thanks Mike your hop old pop just
put pop on a fucking flower get out of
you
what
nay gotta get rid of em up can I get it
up
get off
no time
fuck what about him come on fucking
stupid what did you lick it motherfucker
half
you know rid of the thing quite so bad
get your goddamn better oh my god damn
it
you gotta get bit Allah Oh Oh el that
matters already bro maybe you should've
broke my glasses and maybe I don't get
on fuck you wait motherfucker I got
something for you I wait a minute I got
something for you so idea hey I got some
for you motherfucker for her ears up for
you
Oh telly eyes out for you prisons they
help you celebrate every day you are
princess bitch you know what you already
princess bitch
that's something both you you got
nothing for me so watch mother separate
apology watch bitch watch like my little
grandsons is watching learn together how
this and how about I get you tomorrow
night how about you Joe give up how
about we get it alright now come on what
are you doing your great thing about
that bar I would do it right now we'll
do it right now do what Hey we cap we
tap come on square up you want to fight
clap - nothing dad never got here matter
match no come on now I'm sorry I'm sorry
I could reopen dumb animals will you
love me now I got no bed
well what can we do of this seven now
that you do I have to sleep on the floor
like a fucking dog wait a minute we're
putting this on the floor for tonight
yeah well I got employed to matter to
you
I need people under the stairs though
you're the grandpa on the floor yeah
poor Prada got a wicked eye needs money
I told you I will get your Bobby Decker
dude you done had me a bed you get a
goddamn God Jimmy Kimmel's Oh beat his
ass he didn't ask me to do this how much
dinner my own accord
get out and I never said I was buying
you another bed I was gonna be buying
you a frame but there you gotta buy this
frame hey I'll tell you what I want my
own goddamn man let me ask you a
question
this huh did all this wood and shit was
that necessary for the bed or can I just
buy the stuff underneath it whole
enchilada
good luck you know what I don't want you
to buy me not the metal and stuff under
I am through tickets toughen you up all
I am done we'll see
come on I no longer have a son turn up
that on you what does that me go to bla
Oh get up
look it's only 1241 it says get out of
my house 442 now get out of my house I
don't want you here no more why and
don't come back tomorrow we got I'm
gonna help you disassemble the bed I
know the dams up in the morning when I
wake up I'm going to bed
well that's gonna be it for today my
glasses are fogged up like the lenses
gonna be in a second so that's gonna be
it for today thanks for watching you
guys we're late so 22 Jump Street hop
don't pop and that's gonna be it like I
can't get over my glasses here are they
gonna ever unfollow that's the question
now meet on this light oh look at this
man I'm like hmm anyway thanks for
watching you guys see I can't even see
it almost fell so like subscribe
favorite and click here reg West is
right there click like and share I was
gonna give them an option
Oh click like if you hate Bridgette oh
so click like if you love friendship
click like if you're excited that
bridges prank is next it might not be
next but it's coming I'm gonna get you
though you're not gonna get me brah oh
honey so like can click that like if
you're excited for bridges prank
subscribe a Bret and that's it last word
goes to me favorite yes love you can't
keep saying just words
you can't do that bad guys thank you
guys and I love you love you all you
gotta stop what the fuck is out here oh
I'm here right here who is it so I guess
the last four I got it I I know yeah die
this is enough I win I love you guys
stop talking Michael no for here you win
I got it
