what's going on you guys keeping any
camera here in today's vlog is starting
out pretty early it is about one o'clock
in the morning right now and I'm about
to go on boogie2988 twitch stream it's
his birthday today so I wanted to say
happy birthday to boogie
happy birthday boogie I think it tells
you it was it yesterday or today here we
go it's gonna be really rude but I'm
gonna do it anyway we go see if I can
get my here's the robot goddammit
it'll have to be good enough cuz it's
caught fuck okay here we go we go hey
guys
Ted back I hid behind a camera here and
I saw I was talking to dad earlier today
and as you know he and Bridget have not
been getting along lately and I think
it's because they're eight fucking I'm
so sorry I don't think they're hey fuck
its menacing laugh Jesus that's the
first time in my life Michael I've ever
done an impression of some money to
their face and stuff up it's so
gracefully don't you hate me or it
that got really weird oh shit King crush
block okay so what are these was it like
I don't know the same freaking through
this bad you retard
oh I thought it was like something like
the motor of a car good look at what
you'd Angela oh you want grandpa's army
you want one yeah it all you part of
grandpas arm you got to have one
well that's pretty cool man well here
imma put mine on go fit your did you
always been a by Darth damn I like it
how to do I think that's cool see it is
show your love yeah we don't have no
sharpen up instead of how they get one I
got a few bucks
they got three dollars sailor Demi and
you read all the dudes shipping to Bob
yeah cuz I know you could ask that
stupid question
okay sell them on they say three dollars
yeah and you send it to him right I'll
sort of what okay that's pretty neat
actually I paid a postage now that way
you don't damn deal with PayPal nothin
hello just hey cash you care I get the
cash I'll carry us
okay so the way this works is send a
letter to Grandpa uh with three dollars
in the envelope
they say sure I don't know no for good
faith I was about to say that you should
probably put on the back of the envelope
or something I figured with he's
probably put someone in the envelope for
a wristband and he takes over at all
that I can't talk he takes the three
ologies in him and he'll send you a
wristband this is pretty neat now if you
live over see you to be full cause more
sit across pop ah that's true yeah you
know you better look into that actually
it's any more than the bug op it but if
it's like five then I just said I pay it
you lose $2 I'll lose $2 so I got a
question down what smoke any catnip
lately
fuck you
oh that was not funny I love it I didn't
think I was funny I was getting out of
that goddamn marshmallows shit not that
catnap the marshmallow shit should you
got me Colorado edge it was good damn it
good god man those were as krispie
treats from Target no they were man they
had cannabis oh no they didn't they got
the I she they were confetti boy I got
me hot and we're real oh man you were
just clinging on with everything now
ain't you hey I told you what daddy what
it is it's the placebo effect
what's a placebo are you serious I'm
serious pussy boy effect is like the
doctor can give you a sugar pill and
tell you it's the medicine you need and
you'll feel the effects of it thinking
that's working for you - it's all in
your head yeah yeah I know buddy yeah
buddy yeah man no your hypochondriac who
they feel like a cardiac I didn't say
you were one I said it's like a hybrid
sure that I forgot it yeah that's why
I'm identifying with you I feel like
symptoms of shit that I don't have I
usually show next time you say okay is
real that weren't only the placebo
effect only works on you now that would
really prove it yesterday
hey or the church date being next week
oh you one of the shirts they be in next
week that's awesome
I'm excited me too you see I can't why
you know i'ii go pay for big they refuse
a brain cramp rare treat for completing
now hold on just peace
so handle just use the bathroom we will
give it a little graham cracker can we
do it you won't give it to her
the girl
good hand a nice job good girl
do my goddamn job take over a bathroom
whereas you being didn't come back she
did you better so if you guys are
wondering why she's hooked up like this
we have our length of in too much hair
that's because we don't want to running
off a sweet girl
Louie should grab that was clean hey
there Hannah
I got a question for you dad what how
much lab do you think that weed whacker
can get over there with a lab little
buggers is that Tina Robo no you hit a
loud weed whacker Hannah
well I today it's throwback Thursday but
you need someone to tell another story
and though I tell one every Thursday at
least some not every Thursday maybe but
a lot of the Thursdays at still store
most don't realize now none of them ever
gonna lie so obvious a lot so I got a
question for you what do you remember
when aunt Charlene gave us those puppies
and she only gave us a bunch of puppies
darling like her her barn you know got
even Hannibal Lecter fucking puppies
yeah the ones that ate yeah oh I'm gonna
tell that so we walk inside the minute
they the goddamn dough's guts out that's
right so in a few minutes I'm gonna go
inside I'm a tape gun do it there let me
give my little segue so what a segue
exactly segues with professional people
call I don't know what it is
a segue is is something that leads into
the next thing so the segue is just me
talking about it so we got a dog we got
a we had a dog that we loved was our
family patch and our aunt Charlene gave
us a bunch of puppies and they turned
out to be killers Hannibal Lecter's and
will tell back just a minute take a sip
of your coffee man screw you that's 45
what are you doing
can't wait to tell my younger self send
me the picture wearing my damn arm band
yeah that's what I want to see I want to
see people wearing it how did you so if
you get the armband send us your picture
on Twitter Facebook and we'll show
everybody I want everyone to see you
wearing the grandpa's army wristband
remember send me yeah so it's throwback
Thursday which means it's time for
another story
so as we established outside you all
where did you do that so anyway as we
established my aunt gave us a bunch of
dogs now here's that letter
here's the full story we had this loving
little dog named Coco and we loved that
he was the family pet and we let her
sleep inside and women had to use the
bathroom we take it outside we had a
little fenced-in backyard and it was the
family pet we had it for what three
years
mom because it was like cocoa colored
okay so how long we have cocoa about
three years three years so we had cocoa
for three years and then my aunt calls
us
Sheils Charlie I need you to help me
sell some puppies uh we got to get rid
of him we found him in the barn and so
dads like oh should we go to the flea
market as a witness do it so we thought
it was a great idea we're gonna get rid
of these puppies man she gives us the
puppies and it took us two hours to
realize why she got rid of them so
grandpa decided for dinner the night we
was go ahead try me we got we got them
new pope is William Kyne Eve I don't
know what the correlation between the
two was so we got Chinese food I went to
go get it meanwhile we decided to let
the puppies run around the fenced-in
backyard with our dog Coco and we're
like oh they're so cute we're watching
and little puppies there were really
cute little things you know who knew
fucker dribblin they were gremlins
so we go inside like ah that's so cute
we go inside we start watching The
Simpsons dad comes home I got Chinese
with Coco at his dad every time dad
would get Chinese food would take out
like a piece of chicken and throw it at
Coco and he would catch it and it was
cute with cocoa at opens the door dad
I'll never forget the look of terror on
dad's face the dog had out the dogs
plural had only been out there what an
egg goddamn guts hanging up his about it
had only been out there for what an hour
45 minutes it wasn't very long it was
just long enough for dad to go get him
wheels had to let him play and meanwhile
we went inside walk outside Coco is
laying on its side his stomach is ripped
open and these dogs are crawling inside
him like an infestation it's like the
dogs were in it stomach and they were
crawling around blood they had blood on
their paws and mouths and teeth the
puppies had eaten our dog alive dude I
have to that's the other word that is
probably one of the craziest things that
we'd ever lived through
I was like what the fuck what the share
what the fuck
you fixed what happened you broke it
how do I break it so dad runs down the
stairs picks Coco up by the leg cuz this
dad you can see he's dead
and we Chuck Coco over the fence there
were still puppies inside him
those Coco dad we had to sling it over
the fence meanwhile these other puppies
returning to us now yeah dad
ah runs upstairs puts up a little baby
gate and we just stood there in silence
this one who's dude they're too goddamn
baby go ahead hey what the fuck
you know what I gotta pay for that it
was a major major moment it was the most
insane thing and you might be wondering
what we did with the puppies we still
saw them at the flea market dad sold the
publisher and he told people it's not
like he didn't tell people they were
killers
we told him straight up yeah they $25
they killed our dog so you know these
kids they've got a pee brother baby they
like him got a dogs because they were
trained I've got him hunt shit Jesus so
we went to the flea market gave him full
disclosure we had a dog last night got
eating lab-id puppies they 25 apiece and
they bought him and they still bottom so
first I'll pretend I'm one of the
customers huh oh these are cute little
dogs look at that one looking at you to
get that we have we're looking at you oh
I feel like to go with you oh yeah thank
you little puppy oh I know why you are
washed on the blood on pub yeah I drag
out all the blood off over there de Lud
yeah you know meet our dog go ahead
ain't that funny Michael is this my you
really what you said yeah please piss my
pants as if this torture was a good home
the guy their dog's a killer huh I think
yeah that dog I said you take him in the
woods up with you that don't find them
deer inside dog bear bear bear bear and
a my dog they gone shit those good
little story we told today yeah
poor poor little Coco poor little Coco
anyway see you heading home now
yep heading home Oh have fun how much
fun can I
these are the free bracelet yeah the
free yeah y'all stole oh don't forget by
my dope it'll be on my facebook yeah
it's pretty cool even link you to your
Facebook whatever I don't know if you
want to buy the bracelet the address for
the peel boxes and the description click
read more the address for the peel boxes
below there as in the description of
every video you send three dollars to
the PIO box right on it that is for the
bracelets and I'll mail it out to you
I'll use sign something you'll sign
something I can if you fit my name on it
same selfie from a GP so grandpa's gonna
send you a letter lady's gonna sign and
that you sent three dollars and he's
gonna send you the bracelet and a letter
by Natalie where's my letter what the
ones get fuck Michael quick
