what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here bridgeless is outside she
didn't get part of the intro you guys
don't kind of worry about that
first things first today grandpa's
coming over to meet Felix and he thinks
it's a dog I've been messing with him
making him think that I got a dog named
Felix so he's gonna come meet the dog
Felix and it'll be pleasantly surprised
when he learns that Felix is a cat
however that aside today is lootcrate
day that's right
I just opened it up but I don't know
anything that's inside of yet I just had
to rip it tape so here we go okay so the
first things first is I'm gonna take out
the shirt look at that last so then
first of all the box is all this writing
and drawing in it from the villains and
stuff is really really cool are you
losing some weight what you look thin
I've gained massive amounts of work I'm
gaining weight you look that this is a
Star Wars keychain Darth Vader you put
us in yours no oh for you ooh these
socks yep give me these oh can I show
you the camera first yes
these are Marvel cops comic socks these
are Deadpool oh my god I want to wear
those right now
Deadpool socks so Bridget will put those
on from the end of the video Deadpool
that's pretty cool villain socks
that is cool I'm certain like loot crate
know you like Luke right now yeah I got
socks out of it so this is a magnet for
King Koopa Oh Mario I want you yeah
let's not put almost on the fridge
yeah this right here this says necessary
evil super villains of DC Comics this
might be like some sort of computer game
Josh so gay I think I'll check what's
not a few minutes
we'll see here of course as always we
eat the little issue of loot crate
magazine that except
what everything is and little games and
stuff in and so and that is pretty cool
be amused by this fader okay this is
some sort of print check this out all
right
see it Oh looks like a cross between
Obama and the Joker but it's just a
joker it's the Joker and Harley Quinn
cool of course we got the pin lootcrate
July 2014 villain is that Darth Vader
and Harley Quinn looks like might even
have the Hobgoblin over there
of course I would say of course I've
never seen this before this is a variant
edition looks like guardians of the
galaxy a loot crate exclusive it's a
comic book I won't open this it's
probably not to be worth no money but
why open it it's rare it's an exclusive
so don't know but we'll see here you get
a better shot of the box you got the
Joker and Batman and all kinds of
writing inside there and stuff cool a
really good box this month and of course
the shirt which looks like it's Joker
it's mine mine
Oh Cass see what that is this is a cross
between the Joker and Loki from from
Thor
so it's jokey cool they always have
these shirts along make it worth the box
you know these things are only like 12
bucks 13 bucks yeah and it comes with a
shirt usually as I every month I've had
enough gotten a shirt and socks shirt
and socks
I need those socks every month so jokey
shirt so that's what we got this month
we got the jokey shirt the art exclusive
comic the villains issue of loot crate
magazine the Deadpool socks
give me Mario magnet the Star Wars
keychains the button and this thing
which I'm gonna check out in just a
minute awesome loot crate this month you
want to check out a loot crate the link
is below this isn't any kind of
promotional thing I don't get no money
off of this just click it check it out
look at Luke crate it's pretty awesome
I appreciate you watching my shirt lady
washed yeah sure
no damn so everybody knows we are
currently in the process of getting some
more shirts made that of you in the next
couple of weeks now the next no next
month or so you can have those oh well
I'm giving them to you so we're gonna
handle this shit huh this is a bowl some
dogs don't drink out that it's a tiny
dog he's like all of thing really he's a
little chihuahua hold on okay wait a
minute I want to tell them up the shirt
first so the shirt will be this on the
front and then we have the pin with the
backs all right grab Felix great bad hit
huh coffee you're tiny
he's part of the one again oh you're
scaring us just carry me okay dad grab
feelings that sumbitch claws me I
thought you had a heart for cats all of
a sudden I do but not would be
and I kidding he hung PT casters cat
well grandpa's met feeling I'm going
home look Dan Phillies don't like me
give dang do you alright
what give me telling you honey oh you
gonna be bleeding down you gotta give
this to the shirt guy go get a damn you
gonna get ideas yeah you started to
catch all use a little cat food smell
the campfire smells ok ok so that was
Felix I'm so done s-stop I'm go on now
don't do that what the hell was this
joking a cat you you got three fucking
dogs you inspired us to get a cab
your love for cats that was to prank no
it was not yeah that you to get it back
tomorrow right so did you play that you
bring kennel him overnight
dad that was worse all the ones in the
Frank that is my tat Felix you you two
get back tomorrow right this is all part
of a prank leave the scratching post
yeah no this is the scratching post
right there look there there that's
described post
so I'm gonna go in there and tell Dad oh
we got some pot this is some good stuff
dad for the cat you can't tell nobody oh
yeah though what you got oh shit hell
yeah
not a lot oh man no no this is how long
you had it
this is medicinal but that's what
medicinal smell so what rules are doing
we just got this from Colorado where it
sleep
oh cool we'll be doing that where there
is enough to get you high four days
you're supposed to eat it tastes funny
it's marijuana I'll teach you marijuana
for it I don't take like there was proof
not tasted marijuana before I grew up in
274 the fuck anyways hey really
yes sir all right these are these are
cannabis krispie treats yeah anyway
there's smell on you do you can't even
taste it in there that's no man yeah
that's a good people working on it good
I know I was flying high look at that
time no supers yet this comes from
what's a cold market pantry it's like a
cover name again I'm sure good man they
can see they call it confetti Krispy bar
in case you got any weed yeah yeah
at all oh my god will you talk to me I
know you start token call it you've been
token I'm cool like the holds doing then
we're out of paper will help we don't
need paper man I kick a cigarette okay
so this is really embarrassing
dad oh my god goddamn catnip brow got it
dad smoked some of this I can call it
grandpa smokes catnip oh my god so while
dad is actually out there looking for
his cigarettes I'm just checking to make
sure you can smoke em yep but I don't
want to get dad hurt
so we'll see here okay so when I just
read said that you can smoke it it's
safe it's not dangerous you probably
won't get high there's barely any work
for you no effect at all so I think high
if he wants to do it all of them oh god
you can do anything to wait don't don't
put that back in there man why didn't
they dine in these containers God made
babies printed everywhere
dad don't - this is my step don't get
shot you could kill mules house bliss
you know people don't want you to waste
your shit man
can you see the goddamn
that's a horseshit man yeah Michael left
your teeth nasty Jesus Christ dad here I
don't smoke yeah which you have these
they came from Target oh Jesus Christ
dad got my water yeah yeah I thought you
a father you get wise
again never I will take any more stuff
with you
dad's in the bathroom right now and
every time I go to use the word now I'm
gonna say meow
as in a cat meow I'm stealing it from
the movie super troopers hide um yeah so
we'll see if dad catches it go better
meow Hayfield meow
I'm going home now I forgot my shirt
we're not sure
all right now stop that what am I saying
yeah we're not sure I don't know yeah
please stop that
where my shirt man you so high that you
lost your shirt candy they don't make
you I made together where's your shirt
me out I really don't know oh my shirt
I gotta go dude where's your shirt man
oh yeah my peepee goodbye all right now
Bob yow Veolia well it's Wednesday and
as promised on Monday I'm doing away in
so here we go weigh in Wednesday doing
this one pretty leg cuz I got the loot
crate and the dad came over and I lost
track of time so I've already eaten my
dinner so I'm gonna weigh myself after
eating but it doesn't matter I'm gonna
weigh myself anyways weigh in Wednesday
3 35.0 well uh everything's all ready I
said I'm in a boiler room
so anyway Wow 335 the last time I
weighed myself on camera I believe it
was 338 last week I weighed myself and I
didn't air it I weighed 340 1 so 335
that's pretty good especially
considering that I've been eating
everything
you know because the medicine I was on
it's going crazy so not bad 335 so
getting this diet stuff back on that's
gonna be it for today you guys can
answer a couple of questions that you
might have by now no grandpa didn't get
high smoking the catnip he didn't have
any trouble getting home he left about
30 minutes after everything happened we
just hadn't talked for a little bit so
there was a about a 30 minute break
between the time that he smoked the cat
and help and went home so you guys don't
got to worry about it grandpa wasn't any
kind of danger and I looked at the
website to make sure that he would be
able to take it and I checked out
YouTube videos and all this stuff it's a
Braille it's relatively safe people do
it
I don't do it but dad smoked some catnip
thinking it was marijuana why did I do
that - folks sometime so anyway that's
gonna be it for the day you guys thanks
for watching like subscribe
oh yeah Britt is not here again she's
upstairs
hey Brett and that's it
