it's like there's like a carbon monoxide
leak in here or something Luis so what's
going on you guys keep you on a camera
here yeah god I don't that won't even
annoyed me so what's going on your
bodies give me any camera here here uh
what time is it five o'clock
Wow it is 5:12 and we are just sitting
around
we are watching Arrested Development
there's I'm so five yeah after this Russ
laws Bridget wants to watch lost and I
told her how horrible that show turned
starts off good turns into a pile of
shit so I told her the only way I would
watch loss is as she watches Arrested
Development
so I'm forcing her to sit through it she
hates it but I'm forcing time yeah you
do
so we're getting through a Resta
develoment
she hates it it's but we're watching a
rest of the Vilmorin episode five right
now it's my favorite show of all time I
don't think there is a better show you
know it's one of those things were if
you can watch you can watch the show in
Episode five times and see something new
every time I just saw something new you
know and I've been watching this show
for fucking years so you can always see
something new when you watch Arrested
Development genuinely hilarious yeah
it's one of those humors that that goes
over your head at first and you got to
think about it for a second it's really
good I love it so I should be giving my
lootcrate here soon actually have we
checked the metal day no I'm gonna check
the Luke Wright no loot crate Bridget
nothing no loot crate so Felix is
sleeping in client's cage right now that
is really really cute look I got a big
ol bed and not great to use George my
vlog loss neighborhood no I was playing
with Felix with the laser light
oh hey there Felix you Felix are you
hungry you want season that I find funny
this these JA like what is this barrier
they shut the door on us guys we can't
get through like you all we have to do
is push on it and this thing's falling
cuz it ain't attached to nothing it's
like look at this thing's just sitting
here all they have to do is push it on a
little they can get through what is this
thing blaster you gonna get a scratching
post today Felix
- Oh home and nail caps intradermal oh
he's so cute
city sees himself again what's funny
mother ah
what are you another cat
whenever you whenever we finally get
Sphinx the next cat we're getting is
gonna be a hair it's gonna be one of
those hairless sphynx because I love
hairless put bells just chilling in her
chair so girl
boy
not special treat from the dog place
fellow Oh what God she's too big for
this if you were a human you'd be
embarrassed right now so we're just
sitting out here chillin Belle just
tried to get try to get through the arm
of the chair and got stuck we're on our
way to Petco in just a minute
we're gonna know hello
so we're on our way to Petco we're gonna
get a scratching post with a cat some
treats for the dogs come on no more toys
all you have is toys everywhere so we're
on our way right now so here we go
Petco it's where two pets go like that
yeah she like that
what is up with this one
we don't like this probably not
so maybe um this gets screwed into the
top here was it with this
oh wow
so while we're in the pet store we were
asking the people who work there if
there was anything that the cat could
use to really teach it how to use the
scratching post well and they told us
the thing to get was catnip which is
like marijuana for cats now we told that
the cat is about three months old they
said that the cat won't really like
catnip but until it's between five and
seven to eight months but it's safe for
the cat they said what we'll do is we
take a little bit of it and we rub it on
the scratching post and the kitty will
just start using it immediately because
apparently catnip drives cats wild cats
like getting high poorly AHA so kitties
like getting high - you know so this is
whisky City premium catnip and we're
going to rub it a little bit on this
scratching post that we got for Felix
and see if he likes it you're a good kid
kitty
I think he likes his new toy you like
Felix while with the Petzl we got the
kitty a couple of these cat treats I
took one out this is chicken cat treat
and I'm gonna trick bridge into eating
it because why not we got to put some of
this stuff up the lights oh you want to
try that uh chicken jerky stuff sure
it's like half cheese half chicken jerky
sure yeah I can't get over here my film
you're trying we're gonna be doing a
review on the new Jimmy Dean chicken
jerky chicken cheese turkey why did he
make it isn't like the section where
like candy bars is the fart why would
they make it so hard to open
where's the packaging ass I'm the kid
living room a fellow so many calories is
those hundred chin oh I got juice all
over me
this juice in it Jesus what is that it's
a hunk of chicken like chicken breast
with cheese like Jugend I don't need to
buy the food that's weird
so how is it okay
stinks dude does cast ink everything
keys you don't taste the cheese no
probably Barbie isn't any cheaper just
chicken little logo you jerky this is
like a piece of chicken and will be the
package got over how many calories is
actually in it happy okay um I'll see
any calories oh it's a cat free why
Oh it'll get a thumbnail whole chunk of
meat to the way comb Wyatt you warm what
you wanted some chicken oh oh god oh god
well I just made Bridget eat a cat treat
what I understood oh no that wasn't your
prank that's just a small prank your get
lots of little small pranks but you got
a big one still coming how was it you
want to go get a salmon one oh go
are you crying or something no I puked
you go yeah bruh hidden accounts
