what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here and today is Monday and
today right off the bat if you didn't
see yesterday's vlog I was beaten I was
beaten so I'm the other way to put it I
lost I was trying to cook a recipe that
called for dr. pepper sauce that like
goes over hot dogs and I failed
completely and I don't like to be failed
and I can't even talk him so angry and I
don't like to fail completely so today
is Monday and today I'm trying again
we're doing this not even measuring
anymore I'm pretty sure that's the right
amount of dr. pepper
followed by brown sugar followed by
cayenne pepper followed by salt
it's like brewing a potion on Harry
Potter I need a little more brown sugar
I'll be right back we're doing this you
guys this is the brown sugar glaze
radition let's do this seriously the
problem with the one that I made
yesterday is I cooked it too long I
think I should have taken it off the
heat as it was really starting to boil
and I don't mean like instantly when it
starts boiling I mean like let it boil
for a minute and then take it off
because I let it boil for like 20
minutes
okay I never done it before I thought it
was right so guys today we're making
bacon-wrapped dr. pepper meatballs and
this sauce is gonna be redeemed right
now I promise okay
I don't promise cuz that'll make me a
liar if it fails I'm gonna try it is
already boiling but I am NOT taking it
off the heat yet I really need to use
discretion here I don't know when I
don't know it ain't yet the next step of
the meatballs guys we were just using
frozen meatballs right here you take a
frozen meatballs boom you get a piece of
bacon boom and you wrap it up that's it
as literally it a piece of bacon-wrapped
meatball not gonna press my luck we
taking you off the heat
you're still total liquid you know what
I can put you back on the heat I can't
get you liquid again so that's done for
now
hopefully here we go bacon-wrapped
meatballs sit this right here open this
up first make sure nothing came on done
okay
you look good get in there don't fail do
not leave this thing you guys it looks
like some sort of liquid death which it
probably is the spoons all rigged up
look at it it's so hard that it bent my
spoon it's like folding it I'm trying
this right now
you're dead hey while we wait on that
why don't we do a super pursue food
remove baby hate list I can't do a hey
listen man we're damn jobs you do it
better than me
wavy lays chocolate-covered potato chips
let's give these a try shall we so
chocolate cover chips oh okay
there is no chocolate there okay
here we go
here they are you guys a bacon-wrapped
meatballs that noises bridget playing la
noir by the way so here we go time to
find out if it turned into a syrup it
did I'm the man
I can cook again okay now we're just
gonna spoon this over all of it there's
supposed to brush it but I don't have a
brush
I'll get this box
you're gonna drizzle this over your
bacon wrap meatballs and let diabetes
ensue bacon-wrapped dr. pepper meatballs
are they good I don't know we're about
to find out I'm going to go with this
little bugger that's burning my fingers
completely here we go
they're so good I did it I'm not a total
loser I'm not a total sham that's good
what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here it's nice here
right there and today is a Monday today
is a Monday like she just said guys
today is Monday and it is the next day
guys I succeeded you just saw it
I made bacon-wrapped dr. pepper covered
meatballs they were delicious yeah he
bought it like this dr. pepper sauce
from the story guys it's okay you better
take that back right now
I was really proud of that sauce yeah
you know public should be proud of it
too they watch me making what are you
talking you saw God stop it just kidding
we're gonna believe that guys I promise
you I made it what sorry sorry what am i
shrinking seriously I think you're
shorter you look shorter today okay this
is dreams today's Monday today I shrunk
today sucks hopefully we got some good
news about dad
why are you eating it why are you
recording because it's just crazy
someone's done a lot of popcorn guys
and they came from a real company nice
warm evening so what if it didn't when
they went a long way like proud logos
and stuff so all right you're right just
now this is like the cheddar caramel is
different um I'm gonna show you this one
yeah it's green so this is we got a pack
of you guys we got a package and it said
it was to me I'm like okay let me open
this up and it's filled with popcorn and
normally I'm not gonna eat food there's
somebody ships in my house right not
gonna do that
talk about poisoning don't mention that
word so but I mean it's from a company
so it has to be fine
what does it work notices hmmm works
popcorn well it's freakin delicious
this is good you this is the pop rocks
dude Michael
these are edibles what these are edibles
yeah one eating moment no like marijuana
edibles what yes what how much rock
gardens you eat a lot what oh my gosh I
hear that the edibles are so it's right
here
oh my it's twice to 20 to read okay um
yeah Michael these are edibles my I'm
not oh my god they feel anything I think
I'm starting to feel hot you guys oh my
gosh your eyes are so well maybe you
need it how do you feel it's kicking in
I can feel it
yeah don't blog this is illegal
this sucks not legal here you can't
record this so Bridget where is it
where's the saying no don't
ow owie tums it's illegal Michael calm
down oh I'm certain I'm starting to feel
it Wow Michael oh my god really
all the love everywhere oh just just
going down Michael what are you doing up
I don't know how bad is it I don't know
but you're pretty glad oh my gosh Oh
marijuana makes to do some weird things
man cutting your hair you're on edge
where does this saying about edibles
it doesn't highlight either what this is
normal popcorn not funny no I was I made
me feel better if I cut my hair
so Michael cuts his hair when he stoned
that's bull probably you need to stop
this I didn't believe you at all okay
good
humiliated that was a prank I'd be
embarrassed too is my hair color what
yes it's cut you freaking cut your hair
now your patches what are you guys we've
got a brand new internet challenge for
all of you to partake in guys I want you
to take a look at this picture and tell
me why it took my brain so long to
figure out what's going on in this
picture yeah I don't know guys what is
going on in that picture I couldn't
figure it out okay let's give it to you
for another couple of seconds so you can
look keep lookin what's going on how
many figured out what's going on did you
pause the video because you may want to
because I'm about to show you guys if
you couldn't figure out what was going
on in that picture and me and Bridget
gave up we were like oh yeah there's
nothing going on in this picture it's a
game
there's nothing excuse me there's
nothing happening guys let's see what
happens when we flip the picture it's a
freaking dog are you kidding me guys
that's what my brain can't even begin to
comprehend what all that is like
seriously how am I gonna take you it
took me about an hour guys seriously
Virgil's sitting on the screen it's
nothing I was getting furious ax
yeah she was like I thought she was
gonna get like a fistfight kind of thing
but then I'm like nope I gotta calm down
take a Teahupoo Bridget don't do nothing
stupid over this picture do nothing
stupid guys that's what it is we're
doing the outro in just a second sighs
right back
no we're doing this outrun one just a
second you guys a couple of things
number one tomorrow we are finally
putting up our Christmas tree
you know usually we do that video with
like the beginning of November and
everything gets on our ass about it well
guess what we're waiting to do it this
year we do it in this is it December
yeah no it's still November
either way it's after Thanksgiving so
anyway guys before we get out of here
I promised you guys an update on what's
going on with grandpa and I was hoping
they'd have an update on when he's
coming home and I can tell you that we
don't have a day but we know it's this
week they talked to us this morning the
working don't get like home health for
the house and getting everything
situated and I can confirm to you right
now guys grandpa is coming home this
week and Wow
it's amazing to meet you guys it's
really amazing that when minister when
this all started I thought December was
gonna go very differently I thought I
didn't think we were gonna have my dad
around anymore and now not only is he
back but he's coming home so dad I love
you can't wait to see it can't wait to
see you back in your own room watching
your own TV sitting in your own chair
being the old grandpa once again it's
amazing that's the news guys he's coming
home this week hopefully I'll have a day
in the next couple of days so guys
that's what's going on if you haven't
bought anything from the store yet it is
Cyber Monday so if you check the link
below we got some shirts I'm pretty sure
there's some deals going on in the store
check it out we got hats and hoodies and
all that good stuff guys let's go do
this outro and get ready to put up our
tree well that's gonna be a fritter day
you guys thanks for watching how
noticeable is my hair it's not that
noticeable it's kind of what well I took
a shower you guys know
you sat in water that's okay so I don't
scrub with soaps or you shampoos or
brushed teeth so I sit in the water that
counts oh I'm just kidding guys he
bathes sat in the water I know like I
literally sat in the shower and just
chilled okay fine if it's making strange
noises so as I do investigate what are
you getting - what are you getting at
guys that's gonna be here for today I'm
sorry that I cut my own hair over the
thing
look I support everyone's right for
marijuana okay I just didn't want to
take it anyway I have tried it you
should actually try it at your house we
don't have any of that stuff in our
house so that's number one
no Irene definitely yours no Irene that
stuff to expense is too potent to love
it but oh then here there's no way you
love it every night guys we're giving a
dinner thanks for watching we are not
drug users like favorite
that stuff's illegal I mean me myself
and Irene
you
