calm
not really
can't believe they killed him I
why black
could he was black
they can say anything they want he
couldn't breathe mid and care they've
picked on a fat black bear Thank You Lee
maybe there maybe there'll be a change
because of this
no there won't be a change there's never
a change the police aren't going to do
just that much more and not even care we
got that situation new unit where a boy
was he was little er little rebellious
order uh and the policeman shot him in
the head and they're trying to say shine
cell right here in chocolate Wow um it's
beyond me what's going on you guys
keeping any camera here
dad I just showed dad the video of Eric
garner the New York the New York City
resident who was choked and killed by a
police officer I think you'll be
murdered yeah they were too they're
bored they're already trying to save his
own fighting singer they're trying to
take the video down off the internet now
if they wanted to succeed in love with
everybody's already seen it though
that's the thing and everybody's got it
once it's online its online they could
take it down a million places that will
pop up 500,000 more I hope that cop is
charged with murder
and I hope he goes to prison this
wouldn't happen but you know what's
gonna happen
New York appear a bunch of money and
that's gonna be the end of it
the last thing I heard I was reading
online it could have changed right now
I'm not trying to defame anything the
last I heard all they did was took him
off the streets
that's not what New York does go to the
Union
so no justice for this guy there'll be
no justice for one there needs to be
justice for Eric
sad well for once I'm not mad at you for
breaking your microwave I'm sorry about
that Michael I'm gonna go get you
another one
no you ain't got yeah I'm gonna go get
you another one I don't mind the yoga
anyway I got carried away in the moment
cuz I can't believe they would have to
kill the man that was murdered
flatout murder you if you watch that
video you actually saw a murder take
place how about some wood frame on frame
no justice between don't do justice for
Trayvon Zimmerman wall street's
threading his legs old lady pulling guns
out and he's still walking do do justice
for Trayvon in Florida that's why I say
fuck flora that's why I wear that shirt
that says god Bless America except
Florida fuck Florida this guy you watch
the video he's he's saying I didn't do
anything I didn't do anything
and then they grab him by the neck they
try to say took a fighting stance when
all he did was back up a little bit and
got grabbed by the throat take it down
and they had that choke hold on him for
an extended period of time even one of
the cops was going okay he can't breathe
and he still didn't let go cuz you can
still hear the guy saying he can't
breathe you know why do you still have a
choke hold on somebody when you have
what five police officers surrounding
the guy a knee and his back cuffs on his
hands why are you still choking them for
you've got a fighting back Michael
you've got him subdued he wasn't
fighting back it up or leave in the
beginning you other fighting values who
was questioning it and what is that what
he the law broke you're not allowed to
question while you're being detained you
know if somebody comes up and arrest me
for no reason I'm saying hey why am I
being arrested and then they go they
make the good cops look bad yeah there's
a lot of good cops out there that really
are out doing a job one bad cop makes
all the cops look all the good cops look
bad and that sucks cuz you got a lot of
good cops out there we've dealt with
good cops and we've dealt with
piece-of-shit cops yeah there's a lot of
good cops there's a lot of bad cops and
one bad cop makes all the good cops look
bad and it sucks that it has to be that
way we got to live in a world where we
don't feel protected by the police
I don't feel protected anymore I really
know how'd they protect and serve this
guy they didn't they cute
I don't know my I might get you
microwave I guess no I don't worry about
time I broke it I didn't mean to I I got
carried away in the moment doing into my
quavers it yeah well she agreed this
time how about that bullshit you were
mad I met everybody ought to be mad
drunk or not normally I don't you know
usually you don't be replacing his stuff
but I feel like this was for a good
reason
so new microwave with the extended
warranty for two years talk to the
manager
I go Oh will this cover my dad breaking
it with a hammer I was joking yeah oh
wait what was it fell yeah so the cover
dad makes honey bracelet the receipt
I hope not oh my god so only way to -
give me a new microwave I am hot ears
hot today I know it's like a hundred and
one our thing
I mean grandpa sticker so what job just
Michael with a warranty yeah thank God
nice microwave man yes it is
we're gonna play thesis on deeper ties
you know you include the tiny top is
gonna say about that shit and I see
Michael Britten appreciate you could
have got a neighboring no he did think I
like it
yeah daddy I'm gonna keep the other damn
town a pilot book all right yeah hold on
I'll get it
you can't do it either
oh nice backwards
Tom cook to 0-0 start it was
quiet I'm going to say that it's very
quiet
but yeah I agree we get it what happened
is crap you know but his brother you owe
me a microwave you a little muddy red
Mile a New York City just got your
fucking pipe sociable and if you can
stick some of your pipe and smoke it
better not be illegal tobacco hey know
that Barry glass is anyway Jax forgot me
get the taste of it he may be funny
someone trying to take your old mic away
from the street his brand new you a
little kind of surgery how was that
virgin she got stayed okay so the she
has paid at the the dog placed the day
before dad daughter so that's the
surgery she had here she is down a plane
with your dog yeah that's right
it is an adorable named Hannah Hannah my
girl my girl
yeah my girl given that up my baby get
my baby
you be good I care about him now Nick
new dad hey hey yeah oh good you're
getting something new daddy
oh yeah baby
whatever Danny you're negative wouldn't
put Danny I'm a baby
a mighty good girl I'm your new daddy
you gonna smell Felix look we're gonna
go really you'll see no photo no me if I
gotta leave no bulldog it's a furry dog
what it's one of those furry dog
yes got it will scratch the shit out of
you damn truck cows up somebody got it
likes it in lace channel chief you dad
you got my cab I see you work fortune
lady's body dudes up you're welcome Mike
you wanna thank you very much
come see me again if I didn't care now
you gotta bring a damn door y'all gonna
put my damn door I'm gonna show you
attitude get out of here put it by that
date by that post
hey y'all saw Michael is actually
walking 20 feet we're saying goodbye
yeah you can see your body your brother
but take the leash off her say goodbye
to your brother see you sis that's your
sister now and she's my friend is you're
bringing
you'll get married that big her sister
wall yep Vienna he loves it here huh you
guys love it here I love her love me I
love her more hugs bye see ya buddy
let's do that poverty by leaving
grandpa's house going home
grandpa's sort of microwave today but oh
you can do here you go leaving dad's
house still have any damn glasses oh
well you do it hey you saw him bro you
should have done enough morning you only
found a brother should have done it that
morning so anyway huh leaving dad's dad
freaked out about Eric getting killed by
the police and anyway see in just a
couple minutes
here's my sweet girl you lose you pull
you up - well that's gonna be it for
today if you know this there was a part
in there where Dow was saying Felix is a
dog that's because I hinted earlier that
Felix is a dog so dad's gonna come over
to play with Felix unaware that it's a
cat Felix loves it here and we love
having them and I hope it scratches that
not bad I don't want dad to get cat
scratch fever or anything but I want I
want the Caddy
cuz it knows you know anyway thanks for
watching you guys if you want to see the
video dad did about Eric garner the link
is below
make sure you go to my Facebook and
share it so more people know about him
look as she did she grabbed my wrist to
force the camera at her own face no you
don't thanks for watching guys like
subscribe favorite unsubscribe from
Bridget yeah
