what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here visualized here Reggie West is
right there and she cleaned the kitchen
today you're welcome
looks very good how does this flour
still alive cuz I'm awesome
good same a special secret these singing
from the fourth of July and they're
living still I know I'm the beautiful
well anyway happy Friday today is day
day Bridget and I are about to go to the
movies we're gonna go see the new purge
uh hopefully it's good the last one was
ok I have like a shitty ending but this
one hopefully is better
well we're gonna go to dinner of course
so gonna go to dinner gonna go to a
movie enjoy date day so happy Friday
everybody gonna go ahead and stop
talking now the ill mind of Hopsin 7
came out last night if you haven't seen
to go check it out he is a song about
his struggles with faith and believing
in God and and wanting to know some kind
of proof or so it's great he's
struggling give it a listen it's crazy
it's just so crazy how many people to
post it in the comments that oh I'm done
with Hobson now oh I can't believe that
you know he's gonna go against God he's
gonna burn in hell I think I have an
opinion people have their own beliefs
people had things they believed and so
let the guy think what he wants you know
I struggle with the same stuff myself so
anyway we're gonna watch Felix eat
before we leave I'm ready to leave now
but Felix he's definitely gaining some
weight which I'm loving on
cuz he can't think here on my face there
was that it's not so bony he's so cute I
love him why thank you see you later
so we are at this very suspect looking
gas station I don't know where we are
hahaha it's a gas station around the
corner from the movie theater in a
minute we're going to the movie theater
get some tickets to go see part two or
Planet of the Apes or something not sure
what we're gonna go see what we're some
we're gonna see something and but for
now we're here at this gas station so
this theater it's pretty funny this
theater is right next to like a
courthouse slash like police Depot haha
so like cops movies so don't get a fight
at this movies because you get arrested
quick like that Verizon store why is it
so damn big yeah look at this
it's gotta be like but Verizon
headquarters or something look at this
why do you need an office that bit I
gave him a verizon bill that's in room
703 she was he was murdered his dad's
face when somebody takes his candy
where's my goddamn chocolate where's my
fucking chocolate hey Michael did we
delete that
oh did we delete that Oh keep talking
shit I'm gonna set you on and then I'll
be rescue where's the IDI
we live on look so calm
it's a movie movie
give it isn't that good you just what
earth no you just see you just made a I
did that Joe oh god I hate you I said
that Joe date over let's go home
yeah Ronda Rousey The Expendables yeah
she will also snapped my arm but in an
instant I would let her snap my arm dude
is really here because of her outfit
Max's hook our matches our outfits so
much it looks like she's going an
amputation
Ronda Rousey's the armless woman in the
Expendables looking booty if you just
glance it you don't see it oh no it's
Batista we just got out of the movies we
just really like we got back to being
the purge Michael's trying to say he was
the purge
no I did not say that so you know I
didn't say I want to purge I was we were
discussing what I participate what I
what I participate if I were to purge me
answers I don't you know killer be
killed
I'd probably save a bunch of money in an
iron suit like I've walking on like Iron
Man like I'm sure someone have some sort
of like iron like piercing bullet that
would kill me but I got a shot so I
think I would get the iron suit and
probably killed the perjures you know
how's that for purging I would stay home
and get really drunk see she would get
really drunk and say home which would
completely I'm just a better person than
you are no see the problem was staying
home and getting drunk on purge night is
bridget is cool while I'm running up the
street see you Bridget I'm living see ya
there's Bridget can't get away throat
slit because she couldn't get away in
time so I enjoy gonna really get away
you're gonna get killed that night if
you leave you're gonna you're gonna die
no way like you run out with no weapon
and then hammers well I might why
wouldn't I have a weapon this is purge
me I would get a weapon so and then you
make a sounds like a thousand ninjas in
our neighborhood you know I would find a
place to hide if it was purge night and
I had to run for it would you not find a
place to be yeah I'd be really drunk at
home
yeah bridge will be drunk on the patio
getting her throat slit and I'm probably
unlike some sort of like jet pack flying
to the woods
oh there's jetpacks in fog I'll get a
job
verse this is this is the future there's
jetpacks we think you'd be too drunk to
operate your jet pack here's my chance
Oh kills herself purge night because
drunken Bridget drove her jet pack into
the wall okay I would much rather get
stabbed drunk then you know why and I
would rather fly away on purge night be
safe but you can't you're not gonna fly
oh just hover in midair for until 6:00
a.m. and then I can Dyken I'm gonna
jetpack either way no matter what to do
if there was a purge night you would die
you might survive the first few hours
but you will die I would live porch
night cuz I'm smart
yeah cuz I'm safe there I'm watching TV
the door kickin boom go get a weapon so
what I would rather find a place see
here's what I would do I would spend all
year digging like something in my yard
to hide in like I know just like me
purge night by in me go make it look at
the lump of grass haul so I would be
dead we have separate of catacombs so
yeah I would dig a hole in the yard
almost like a bunker but it looks like a
lump of grass in the yard like everyone
else does he's yard and I'm I'm in there
chilling out me got a grenade I'm living
purge light so bitch of us here
I would not participate in purge night
like Michael would he I said I would
kill the perjures I'm not gonna kill
innocent people but the people who are
killing others I'm going after you he
would probably try to kill anyone yeah
don't try to kill me actually and I'd be
a good excuse Bridgette I'm free this is
what it would be like keep me on the
camera here just purging imaginet
purging on youtube what you would purge
without be allowed with you to let
murder footage go up it was from purge
night cuz it's not illegal anymore so
we're allowed to show murder footage
it's kind of good man well I don't think
so it's like maybe if you murder
somebody and it's not purge night
YouTube would yank it oh not nope you
know post perd murders no risk
anything is I could tell is this
happening in like 50 years well the
movie is set in like four years of the
future but just parently this is this is
the sixth annual per nine years from now
this is the sixth annual purge which
means that start in 2017 that's shit
so if Hillary Clinton is the president
she instituted the purge
thanks a lot Rodham I love Hillary she
would not do that so anyway that's I was
discussing would we get involved in a
purge I would hide in my trunk
so Brigitte is hiding in the trunk and
people just drive by shooting trunks and
she's dead
does she her body's riddled with holes
because she decided hide in a trunk over
here oh they'll die wait we can put them
in the hole with us
I'm not see in my hypothetical future
I'm not digging the hole big enough for
the dogs yeah you are
it's just big enough for me you know
you're not even gonna be like a storm
cellar it's really good coffin I'm just
like sitting in the ground 'women having
his on that's what I would do I would
dig a grave and just hide in it you die
why no air this is the future I got some
sort of like digging machine oh not that
the purge is possible I don't dig
Atelier possible like a hundred years
well in a hundred years we'll be dead
yeah the future won't well let the
future deal with the purge stay safe
people the future if you see this
stay safe and dig a hole in your yard
and get a jet pack and don't hide in a
trunk like Bridget cuz she would be shot
to death wait I would drive around
pretending like I participated you they
kill all the participators I'm very
scary math like that you just shoot you
in the face so these are the mass
brighten up your fake well here a
Hilbert stay safe future well I wish I
could say how long this light WA has
been I
then pair of the camera for a minute but
this we have been in a red light for how
long now forever forever so people gonna
ask me was to purge any good yeah it was
great
Bridget loved it I thought it was okay
oh you've loved it I really liked it in
the first half and the second half much
like the first movie started to fall
apart it got too crazy and they agreed
but it was still good let's see how
crazy we can get all you do is have
people stalking and murder in the whole
movie you don't got to add all kinds of
crazy shit so anyway it was a good movie
wasn't an amazing movie
so who's good i buyed on video so we
just walked in the door little Felix a
little toys in here with it hey there
Felix
hey baby boy hey Clyde kitty along baby
okay y'all leave Kitty alone now see kit
even mine don't you precious so there's
a new app I don't know I wouldn't say
new it's a new app that I just recently
downloaded is called akinator and I have
found myself completely addicted to it
I'm thinking about showing it to dad to
Grandpa click like if you actually want
grandpa to see this app and play around
with it so check this out
this is really cool so ask me I'm gonna
go it tries to figure out what you're
thinking so for instance I'm gonna be
thinking of angry grandpa is your
character a female no your character
really exists yes she character come
from the Internet
yes you character American yes she cared
for a gamer No
she character famous on vine no your
character in a relationship
no she character older than 18 yes it's
your character a youtuber yes
is your character gay no so you see I
skipped a couple of the questions it
just asked typical stuff and now we're
at sixteen does your character have
white hair yes she character swear a lot
yes
it's already gonna take again see what
you got a cañedo angry grandpa haha he
got it so it's really cool it gets it's
never wrong let's try me
so for me question number 14 is your
character fat yes is your character
famous for being widely disliked I'm not
gonna say famous cuz I'm not famous but
I am widely disliked so let's click yes
wear women's clothing no tattoos yes
let's see if it got me
I guessed it kid behind a kid what was
that
well that's going to be it for today
went to the movies hung out we're ready
to go order some movies on that on the
ps4 watch some stuff so thanks for
watching you guys we never went out to
dinner I decided to just come home we
were going to go out to dinner
afterwards somebody came up with a
suggestion uh on Facebook earlier you
guys should go to dinner after after the
move so you have something to talk about
but we didn't go we decided just come
home so we are going to go watch movies
play with the dogs a little bit thanks
for watching you guys always appreciate
you guys supporting us and liking and
watching the videos and sharing them
Siri it's all you know I don't say it
enough to you guys but seriously very
cool we appreciate it
thanks for everything that you guys do
and that's going to be it for today so
like subscribe no Bridget favorite
that's it
