what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here and it is 8 o'clock at night
what yeah Oh Halloween removals where
you do this whole thing
oh you everybody ah what's going on you
guys keep yawning camera here and it is
8 o'clock again oh I'm sorry about that
Oh still warm or hot redo this whole
thing ready okay this is me what's going
on you guys get behind a camera here and
this is you situation you actually shit
a thing so what's going on you guys
carry any camera here
wisdom ashes right Kim and I don't know
what's going on because my dad is it's
Thursday throwback Thursday tonight
literally tomorrow 3 o'clock in the
morning a few hours from now um not long
after I post this and if you watch this
by tomorrow go watch it now be it what
what is that thing what are you you want
to sit still bugs fucking film you so
there's a bug and just scared the crap
out of Bridget literally I smelled the
shit on the floor own Oh where'd it go
no well now that that's been handled
tonight is the ill mind of Hopsin 7 if
you don't know what the ill mind of
Hopsin is he puts it on once a year it's
just you know Hobson's thoughts I got
it's a rap video he said they will not
look at him the same he says these
lyrics are his realest lyrics he's ever
done and his family won't look at him to
say no more
so it went Hobson sevens tonight also
I'm gonna tell a story for throwback
Thursday gonna have fun with Felix so
friends yeah the cat the dogs in the cat
get along really good now the cat likes
to hide under the couch and with him
when it comes out you know they're
sitting there playing so it was pretty
cool didn't take
long a lot of people were asking me or
grandpa's dog was yesterday during the
vlog and the dog when grandpa the day
before grandpa
got it the dog had surgery so the dog
has been in grandpa's bed past couple of
days
that's where was Welles over the film
the video for my glasses if you haven't
seen that yet the link is below they
trick me anything grandpa destroyed my
glasses sorry I got a prank coming up on
grandpa pretty soon got bridges planned
Bridget isn't as soon I had to put I got
to push the date a little bit but it's
coming next month is coming bridges
getting pranked you getting got my lip
is coming together good a few minutes
ago dad posted a picture of Hannah at
his house and she is wearing a scented
caller what that is when she barks it
lets out a scent that only she can smell
and chill and stop barking it's a it's a
humane way to help curb barking because
you know the other day dad's left and
the dog wouldn't stop barking when dad
got back the people in the trailer park
were outside of his house and they were
going a mr. green do you have a dog in
there so they had to find out about
dad's dog and they had to tell him to do
something with the barking so he got a
scented caller and it's you know it a
lot of people thought it was a shock
collar take the shock collar off of
Hannah but it's like it's not a shock
collar I didn't even make shock collars
anymore Oh anyway this is a scented
collar so when she barks she'll start
smelling something so that's what people
were seeing in the picture and they
thought it was a shock collar but anyway
throwback Thursday I was hoping what is
it it's not a perfect is it looks like a
weed eater Oh
she'sa so somebody's cutting their grass
with a weed eater I thought it was a bug
yeah that just happened
so anyway happy Thursday let's forget
this humiliating
good boy Felix
glad boy classes I want all the
attention and I want it now oh I know
could link bells like trying to use two
beds to sit on this feels strange if you
give Clyde what give a good cry for what
Virginia the glasses Oh another buff
I've never who's gonna destroy the bed
of course I forgive Claude I left the
mound oh good old Clyde destroyed my
glasses again so I got especially order
those classes so it's gonna you know I
took how many wants did it take to get
him last time six months it took to
receive them so I think this time I'm
gonna order two pair one I can get now
and one for those two them when they
come Jesus sucks oh so please take it a
Walmart and you get like a new
prescription there cuz you know they're
instant and down couple I don't want a
new prescription I don't get my eyes
checked prescription from that place and
then take it to Walmart and get some
glasses there now hey there as you can
see she's not kissing a claw which is
crazy considering how they were last
time okay leave felix alone you guys so
there were some things that I took out
of the glasses video so I'm gonna go
ahead and do those now check this out
the pickle boys broken glasses deleted
scenes with yeah hi
I'm trying the victim
I'm trying to see the point
or to that but nobody could in Miami I'm
trying really hard just stay calm
you don't get it I got a doubt bring it
yeah thing out of my face
wait about it huh good do it good good
good
cool oh you don't have I can't fucking
say look what you're getting I love it
oh you poor poor fucking peanut butter
and mustard I laughs peanut butter
muffin
here we go Bridget yes let's go ah I see
I'll see you real soon
but you lady ah no it's $600 I don't
have a goddamn pie get out I want a
glass with
damn fool take you drives with you there
you go
see ya still to come tonight I'm not
gonna tell right now but I will tell it
a little bit tonight I'm going to tell
the story of the time grandpa lost his
keys now this was many years ago
grandpa had lost his keys and it was the
hunt for the keys that ensued that
inspires this story so this will be the
hunt for angry grandpa's keys so I'm
gonna tell that in a little bit I forgot
about it until Kim reminded me of it I
was it holy shit I forgot that happened
so I'm gonna tell that story in just a
little bit you excited to hear that
story Clyde look away look away for me
completely if you excited he's going to
the vet tomorrow good quiet
yep his ears are little warm actually
they're okay you're taking him to that
because his ears are warm they're not as
warm they're hot
touch them feels normal um it's time for
bed for Bridget Wesson's so oh hey there
yes a camera keep it girl putting
Bridget to bed then I'm going to go
downstairs and I'm gonna tell the store
by the time grandpa lost his keys now
this is not the one that I told before
I've told another one on video where
grandpa lost his keys and we had to
climb through a dumpster and rip open
the garbage bags and feel around with
our feet and there was old cans of like
SpaghettiOs and there was Beefaroni
homemade and like boiled macaroni
noodles natus spaghetti sauce and stuff
we had to squeeze our toes it was coming
through the toes and we were looking for
the keys this is another time but the
time grandpa lost his keys and he
couldn't find it for about three days
and anyway you'll see it it's a you'll
hear it see it whatever we'll get back
to you in just a minute right now
putting Bridget to bed and Bella's
watching the volge subscribe oh yeah
let's go ahead an get an outro real
quick so you can give her a hold on so
that's it for today you guys like
subscribe
and that's it wait follow mount
everything and then unfollow her while
she's sleeping no follow me on Twitter
and Facebook good night
well that's almost it for today but
first I'm gonna go ahead and tell you
the story about the time grandpa lost
his keys so like I said there was a
whole nother story where it happened
before but this is a different time it
was about 10 o'clock at night we'd all
just gotten back from dinner and grandpa
we're about to go to bed wait a minute
wait a minute I can't find my fucking
keys so he keeps us up all night 4
o'clock in the morning we're tearing
apart the house flipping couches looking
under cabinets I think a couple times
dad looked in the fridge the laundry
room the car you know everywhere he
could not find his keys now we had two
cars we had a van and we had a car so
for dinner that night we took the car
left the van here so dad garden
uncle had nowhere to get nowhere when
she's at work mind you I had to go to
school so here I am 4 o'clock in the
morning looking for keys and the
sunlight starting to come out outside
the bus is gonna be coming around and I
got to get my ass to school he didn't
let me stay out of school you voted
winner guardian off my keys you any
fuckin stayin home for shit so I had to
go to school I was exhausted came home
we had to look again couldn't find his
keys the next day
couldn't find his keys so every Sunday
we would go to his mom's house for
dinner and we get there and dad never
really liked to tell her what kind of
stuff we would buy if we went out to eat
or you know no matter what he didn't
want her to know what we spent our money
on
so we're sitting there and I'm eating
and I had a burn on my arm I God did a
Ryan's family steakhouse a there's a
buffet place you know fried chicken
you know sweets all that shit just
buffet and she goes Mike glad you bring
your arm and I go Ryan's and I look over
dad Ryan's now mom saved the day she
goes I told you I don't want you playing
with that Ryan kid no more and dad felt
safe about it okay he's eating his food
and all of a sudden he stops fucking
Ryan
we get in the car we drive the Ryans
sure enough his keys were there the
place we went out to dinner that night
when we got back we went to dinner
Ryan's family steakhouse turns out he
left his keys by the chicken or by the
mashed potatoes or something and his
keys were at Ryan's family Steakhouse so
all week he was blaming us saying we
lost his keys bitching at us pissed off
and turned out he left it at the food at
the food I was inside the food place he
left it at the restaurant we went to for
dinner
dad lost his own keys took it out on us
as he usually does he takes his crap out
on us so anyway that's the story the
time grandpa lost his keys he had been
dazed with that he was stuck at home he
would be depressed I came home from
school I get to go near where I get to
go no way today but goddamn teenies get
home from work goddamn money cigarettes
so anyway that was the time grandpa lost
his keys and that's gonna be it for
today thanks for watching you guys I did
a new prank with Isaac we did it for the
shut the fuck up and listen show that we
do we're thinking about doing a podcast
style now YouTube exclusive if you want
to hear the prank the link is below if
you want to see the glasses video where
grandpa made me think he destroyed my
glasses that link is also below and
that's it it's been a long day I've been
sick all week that's why I hadn't really
been you know I don't want to say now
vlogging that much just not that much
going onto the vlogs because I just have
not been feeling well I'm starting to
feel better now though you know it's
starting to pass my lip is finally
starting to heal I think I might be the
medicine I was taking for it but anyway
that's going to be it for today you guys
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite and that's it
