what's going on you guys Cuba any camera
here today we're going to be going to
grandpa's house Bridget wants me to give
bunch of the food from our cupboard we
have a bunch of extra stuff I mentioned
this yesterday we're gonna be giving a
bunch of the stuff so that's gonna be
happening today gonna go see grandpa
Bridget has been drinking water out of
these mason jars it's still water stuff
flavoring it in so Bridget has been
drinking water out of these mason jars
mason jars usually like a hipster thing
like Mason jars are so help mmm I don't
need a glass
let think out of a mason jar me too this
bridges mason jar hearse got actual
water in it I gotta have the flavor so
whoo happy winds-day everybody it's
pretty early we decided to wake up early
today feels pretty good happy winds-day
gonna go see dad today and that's it
steena compliment its we're gonna be
going to go ahead and bag our food up in
the next you know two hours or so and
we're gonna take it over to grandpa's
does it matter
man oh really if you haven't noticed the
past couple of days I haven't had any
glasses because I didn't know where they
were and apparently they've been here
the whole time the dog chewed them up
the other day what are you doing I'm not
yeah bye no bridges - what a call shit
that's not true
yes - you look about is unlike you I'm
trying to fix it
here's what I don't get so Clyde did it
how long were they here a few days
I can't blame you Dad for I don't see be
mad at Klein I don't want you Brady
can't blame me uh I couldn't find my
glasses so I haven't said any that I
just didn't know where they are and so I
come over here and dad shatters them in
front of me and I think that they he
destroyed them turns out the dog chewed
them and whatever now they were not
getting under this food kick it home I'm
giving it to you
I figured you would whatever good job
with your home exam we will meet you
we're gonna get Bridget bill definitely
go get her I just don't like that last
call bit oh yeah you're next
that's what I don't like I gotta get you
I don't like that that'd be very Britta
Todd not me Bridget's coming you've been
asking for it Bridget is getting pranked
I can't give us watch I got the carpet
all right dad let's go through some of
this food we'll go do it you can put I
you you gotta let dig about the boy you
saw me make that up yeah you do it on I
got you some okra I like oh we did our
mine over present wanted you in
somebody's house got a chick you eat it
broccoli I brought you a broadly bacon
take I activate
oh yeah I love bacon I had that good
shit you'd sooner cut oh my god slight
smoky hot dog why you get rid of you
goddamn bacon show so I'm not going to
cook it in time I have something problem
so a dog alas can you breathe no I'm not
freezing baby why can't you please big
there's some chopped collars I like on
his own ego
mixed vegetables because would you be
all help you drop by legit then you
don't even eat I guess you answered your
question since women are you help me
never right there bell pepper I lied
okay goodnight gallon on a table that I
ran looking water I'm busy stop in a
suit Oh lots of candidates here I'm not
throwing anything yeah go Kemosabe
sir you told you that me Oh didn't get
you had let don't Thanksgiving you gotta
give me your credit bags up you think
I'm the guy here free food free booze
I've got a guy in the door put your
youth foods everybody put cranberry back
okay you also keep these trash bags with
Center rice on the side Spanish right
yeah you better
I gave you that you called it yeah yeah
by the way to fuck expands right have it
back I bring you out go grab it good oh
you don't be good miss your Spanish rice
with the smoky sausages that would be
because buddy cook red beans and rice
Alfredo
dude take this out how old is this shit
the other day we didn't want to work for
his life expires in a month I was like
that bridge be
hi it's you today I'm a pretty big just
trust me
anyways at the end of the month I took a
bite out in there to you you are you re
open it
nobody's real good nearly invited you I
open the yesterday I just took one bite
don't make chicken really got into nadal
home hey fuck good loud broccoli this is
a chicken
vintage we're gonna have Guardian Popeye
chicken lo mein I love me quick bonito
oh my table garlic chicken beef and
noodles fuck oh my god what about you
don't get me old shit that's so crazy
yeah we got that like four months ago
we've never we've never hated the
motherfucker Fuzzle are you serious
I can't even fight Mike oh my god what
the hell ah
I didn't know like the freaking happen a
lot of our problem
oh my god so look so they expire I guess
heat it up why don't you bring me a car
dear Tere Pyar three times for each
that's awful I've another idea here has
to be a motherfucking diamond I thought
it was a good one like a month old for
what's wrong before was running you told
me to buy into our goddamn love you
vastly with you liar Democrats know that
I'm not bragging shut up pal glass you
know your turn
no just the thing there you go
what the fuck is that look you got me a
year now I've gotta for y'all right
right now it's your turn no you're still
next you don't pay me three down here
those are the flags me to crank you got
dessert are now I'm gonna throw up every
that goddamn bit better than not leaving
you sick that's prank you hood yeah yeah
good job you're so good at it and your
turn now it's your bag you didn't come
to go down those are pranks
I'm glad you go give me those Rochelle
was a good one coming okay so dad has
right to put on my nephew's cane mask
what you do brother the big angry
machine damn kid what do you do brother
when I wrap my red things around you ass
huh now Cain doesn't say that be Cain
Cain who was king say rest in peace rest
and oh God The Undertaker where are you
I gotta get away fixer a quick are you
mother
well the big angry pickle now let me see
did you dig that's all folks people
laugh at me I don't like it when people
laugh at me this means is the daughter
for witness HAMP dad's ass rest in peace
ooh ham I am me for my lip yeah
Oh sed
she'll be where you live Libby became
don't smile dumbass
became your your zj no residue bar yeah
what do you do you're dumb
okay Leandra me you don't win the liquor
well there goes my pork chop cooking
night what you say it's raining I can't
cook my pork chops I go home fuck find
me something what you want I don't know
let me suffer here walking to the car
things out here I'll buy he's never
going and you sure oh you can't I need
some yeah well dad thank you for
breaking my glasses what are you doing
what are you leaving I'm through talking
to you come say goodbye at least okay
goodbye so long a vides a did you get up
the street and go is do yourself
gender that that that gotta get wrapped
up fuck
there well so on
goodbye get out of here
I told you you damn core and get
your bookshelf
