okay we just arrived at the Charleston
Animal Society yeah we did
stated neutrally but I guess you got to
go over here donations go we see that I
don't see that in looks like some more
I'm guessing we just go park when we go
out and get we're gonna be good we could
be going in there first they may not
want our damn dog food cat food
Nia took a boy here d go walk in here
let me get here let me guess
yeah let you get you young alright we've
done been inside we've already talked to
the gym is Kate Hammond who's is she she
used to head lady in charge here she's
all radio by the way y'all check her out
there we just please to put the link up
she's on the radio like nine times a
week talking about these animals you
know in the sort order that you people
understand animals have to eat you tell
me something huh
I did want film yourself mojo me feel
myself okay you know is I really don't
care for cats and everybody knows it but
you know cats are living breathing
creatures of God and they have to eat
and they have to be taken care of
thank you nervous fun do you yeah how's
that how do you wanna push here try you
give me the hard part
well I figured you want me to film you
pushing their buggy my value I need to
fight you bag this change on Bridget
till 11:00
Jesus Christ Mike put a handle that
thing dude
darn yeah I got
so check this place out nice I can play
okay this is a no-kill shelter yes sir
they this is this in Tokyo show
yesterday I like that idea and they do
they also have a spay neuter clinic
which might open the door I'm doing the
door boy
so where are we putting dump it off at I
know I'm kidding Mike so what do you
think huh I think you did the right
thing
we didn't think how did we did the right
back what about the myth about oh it's a
total myth
you know everybody oh yeah you're gonna
have one there are so many communities
that are yes my wallet you know that is
that's prejudice salad I live it rather
that they got the same thing
ah you know no people period are you get
evicted would go boy he was like a good
dog dog you ass we sang he's all hot go
grandpa
too crazy just like you can win a dog
and all your look-alike contest and your
rope on me nice man fuck
the food that you donate fees this one
too
it's not you know we're feeding the cat
but we want to feed the dogs to they
have to eat they had to survive they
have to live you have a lot of pillow
mostly adult box three adults often
options so they're free
could you give your daughter won't dog
then we'll copy right see that's the
problem is adult folks I think don't
dogs are any crap cuz they're already
usually housebroken training them all
that but this is the throwaways of our
society you have to take dog hold you
constantly doing laundry that's why I
tell people a time
give us your um give us your towels
these are all filled with animals guys
you know this can remind you about
kitchen in a hotel yeah you're really
good
Edward Berlin the Netherlands restaurant
supply you know nobody uses those um
those all remember the oh I know you
remember last year had the thing the
trash category what he had a ton of them
he was getting rid of and you know he
could use the trash cam part but he had
all these and he said can you think he
could use it like uh oh yeah so you can
see what we use it for that's awesome
and it great so we're big recyclers this
is all science diet we feed only science
title Orioles the food that we get from
our food bank goes to directly to
communities in all good all who need it
it's just expensive it is not for us cuz
we only pay for shipping Oh a special
deal okay what's difficult problem I
don't know but it's in brown bags it's
not in the marketing type bag or
printing so it's a lot cheaper cheaper
it has see stuff like this we um and we
don't even want it cleaned we do use
stuff like this because it it has smells
fried foods and stuff and we and it's
called enrichment so they'll put um
they'll make it it's almost like you
know health the zoo they make it like
puzzles for the animals drop their food
or treat from so their debt keeps their
brain going so we use this kind of stuff
enrichment they make up these little
puzzles for the dogs torn you know here
we use toilet paper rolls too we recycle
all kinds and they put it they'll take
peanut butter put a treat in it put it
in the middle of a toilet paper roll
close the ends stick newspaper in there
and then just give it to them they can
rip it up and then they have a little
fun treat oh look at there Michael is
holding Charlatans I love this puppy oh
my goodness
hey turn in okay Carly coma fall love
you sweet just like really you're really
cute somebody's jealous why you got a
dog that's a black and white when she
told us oh my god this is beautiful so
these are probably too young to go up
for adoption so they're probably going
to go into a foster home and that's
another thing we need like people can
they can donate their time donate their
home to make money and donate their home
would mean like they would either adopt
or foster right what baby what you like
beyond you
I'll come about that don't break your
heart I don't know what does it does I
want you to have it
well we are leaving the Charleston
Animal Society
grandpa Morgan's gonna have a drink so
that was crazy
we've got like a tour of the whole place
we saw all the animals then the time is
nice lady she is
so you know they need donations of you
know food and you know money for medical
costs and whatever you can if you can
give a bag of dog food usually with it
last year they went two hundred fifty
thousand dollars in the hole and they
still doing and they're still doing it
Wow that takes dedication that teeth
while love anything you can give a bag
of dog food see I tell a love of that
puppy Michael I cannot stop it if do I
get it
you ready miss kick him your dog I'm
telling you though I'm doing with me but
whenever I gonna do he's gonna house
you asked for me can you ask that little
puppy you're crying for me yeah I was
licking you and Vicky me and all that
being gonna tell of that puppy
it was definitely adorable that was
education for me
I wonder studying all that Michael no
need was i how to go shoot a video and
go home now school well hide you like me
I'm like Monday today slighted 503
musketeer yeah okay you're super Sadie
bracelet on yeah well I'm gonna do a wet
to my house now yeah done hanging out
with dad for a little bit yeah I'm ready
for you go yeah this is the price that
for you you are really free me go
the house yeah so going home now got a
surprise for me is it Luke rape nope
does involve sex Bridget and I are on
our way to dinner I took this medicine
without any kind of food and I feel
nauseated we gotta go eat today was mail
bag Monday today we went to the ASPCA
the Charleston Animal Society we've done
a to the food where I'm quite healthy
kid in how was that your - cute give me
one more oh god I fell over a puppy yeah
she doesn't know who blondie race water
check into it it's so cute I'll put it
down ready I swear to God putting this
pin I'll cock all up
