what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here uh-huh where's your license
right there and today I woke up and
Grandpa's camera was on my door he went
to Nason Medical Center when we have to
me because he was pissed off of how they
were treating me excuse me while I wipe
this lens so I'm gonna get a cut I'm
gonna cut to that in a minute
so just a second I'm gonna cut to the
video grandpa at Nathan Medical Center
on my behalf
first I just want to say hello happy
Friday
I don't know this I don't know there's
any kind of name for the Friday's follow
Friday friend Friday friendly Friday
lips sucks Friday so happy Friday
everybody everybody had themselves a say
Friday you go to a party and you drink
have a designated driver
this is safe Friday or assure you save
Saturday do whatever the fuck you want
on Friday we'll have a safe Saturday fun
have fun on Friday have a safe Saturday
so Bella
happy Friday everybody hope we have a
fun Friday
don't drive crazy I was joking a minute
ago so fuck day Friday so happy fuck day
Friday and for now let's go ahead and
cut the Grandpa's video what Nason
Medical Center you know
Michael could have liveable and Michael
came here to Mason's Medical Center the
nation's Medical Center he went in
pouring blood his shirt was soaked full
of blood he goes up to the window and
the lady says God and we're talking
about almost 45 minutes for closing time
anyway you know so Michael said no he
didn't have insurance she's had to be
125 dollars he's had no problem I got it
she says can I see your ID well in haste
of leaving with a bus cut up lip for
blood Michael sent me the picture and it
was pouring blood - I don't have my ID I
left it at home which bridge it was
going to go back and get it but they
said sorry you can't be seen the girl
behind the counter was rude crude
one of the other girls in there looked
at her and said uh can we at least clean
him up for he goes and she they said no
we can't even do that you know as a
sorry state of evinced when you can't
wait when you can't be Donald somebody
while somebody goes against the ID
I can see the money part yeah go to go
to the heck you know go to the merge
through whatever you know whatever but
come on 50 minutes later he had his ID
and would have been good but no they
chose not to see somebody that's having
an emergency that needs to be seen my
daughter which he ended up getting a
bunch of stitches is live but he had to
go to the cellar emergency room
you know this that's up
I guess nation's medical center
ambulatory Urgent Care doesn't give a
fuck about some of your residents they
need to take all their staff and center
of sensitivity groups and learn how to
fucking treat people that come in there
they're sick and hurt but nasals doesn't
really care
only they care about is that almighty
dollar
and the bad part about it darkness is a
good guy I bring my boys here I come
here but you know what won't be coming
here no more I'll never come back then
Nathan's Medical Center farewell Nathan
so nation's Medical Center in Somerville
you get grandpa's suck of the week
points Nathan that's a yacht they don't
care about sick people they care about
that dollar oh and your ID you've got to
have that ID you don't have time to go
back and get it up you can lay there and
bleed to death so die but don't die in
here go outside our door and you can die
there Thank You nasals but stick to my
boys live
Thank You nations for for for for not
doing your fucking job in what you took
the Hippocratic oath for money hungry
motherfuckers that's all y'all are now
your bloodsuckers all you wants that
dollar well he had the dollar he just
didn't have his ID and they were they
don't live like 20 million she could
have gone and got the ID and been back
in 15 minutes but no Doug Nate's notify
every one of them people up there at
that front office on that reception desk
and get people that care about somebody
Mike I'm sorry you had to suffer the
pain I'm sorry you had to suffer the
embarrassment of asshole people that run
these these medical clinics that don't
give a shit about normal people
screw you Nace's and I love all my young
uns call you as nieces medical in
Summerville bye okay so we got some
smoke stuff just for fun don't see what
these do this is what voodoo smoke
floating Oh
oh man it's cool
Oh a Jewish I need last night that was
pretty cool I like Don that's the Voodoo
smelly little green Island as you can
see it this is dead smoke dead smoke
some are dead smug looks efficient these
all look the same
no say something about debts mother
looks suspiciously like lurking and that
look like Rudy's Oh
so last night I put up the video the
prank I didn't grant Bob with the smoke
grenade and there were some deleted
scenes that I decided not to use so here
we go I'm gonna go ahead and air some of
that stuff that you didn't see stupid
fuck
oh come on it's not that bad but what a
house I'm supposed to read yeah bitch
I read the house is small gonna soar you
you know your dumb shit why is that
lighter got a smoke bomb at a house you
got any doors open we got the windows up
when the smoke will leave in a minute if
my arm stops but now I got a headache
do you yes I do thank you back ya
dumbass white ain't that bad in here
shitting
hey mess of a soup sandwich what maybe
so how you feeling dad I'm very good I
breathe you even left yet not yet damn I
figured you could go about it also I
remembered there was a clip from last
Thursday
that I didn't use with grandpa the night
before the I think it was right before
4th of July it was after the bodyguard
prank so check this out this is just a
quick little thing that I didn't use so
how's your bed doing now it's still
fucked up thank you you're welcome you
and Jimmy key doing Jimmy killers old me
up there you still got your bodyguard I
don't see him around here you're getting
me here you me calling boys used to find
out here five men I need oh you better
not desert it come on mess with me you
mess with me that's with me Yeah right
yeah mess with me I'll bagel me get my
phone okay like I was scary dude yeah
you better be scared you'll break my
faith in you better be scared I'm not
you're not don't your car leaving why
are you doing that you say you're not
scared I'll get my phone and getting but
with Z what are you trying to make me
scared of him what'd I do to you yeah
you are doing that haha
I love you big baby editing the video
and our saw bridge turned on me hey she
always turned on you she kept tonight
what is this about when am I gonna be
able to do a prank on you without her
turning on me I don't know it trust me
I'm gonna do that Franklin so anyway
that's gonna be it for today thanks dad
for going to Nason Medical Center for me
I appreciate it
that's really cool I'm gonna see dad
tomorrow um the local animal shelter the
the childhood the Charleston Animal
Society has been saying that they don't
have any food for the animals their
shelves are empty so grandpa and I are
going to go out to the Charleston Animal
Society and we're going to donate a
bunch of food
that's right grandpa's gonna be donating
cat food because that's what they they
specified that they really needed cat
food we're going to donate dog food and
cat food
but they need it so we're going to go
ahead and give them some and we'll give
the address tomorrow if you guys want to
help out by chance send a bag or
something because they don't have any
food to feed the animals grandpa's gonna
have a heart of gold tomorrow when he
feeds cats so tomorrow we'll going to
the Charleston Animal Society I didn't
say that correctly because it has live
tomorrow we're going to the Charleston
Animal Society and we're going to donate
a bunch of food so that's what's coming
tomorrow thanks for watching you guys as
always like subscribe favorite as you
see no Bridget I think she's asleep and
that said
