what's going on you guys get me out a
camera here what's here and I sitting
with grandpa who just got the smoke
grenade husband
Oh get out of here lippy like it you
don't you know why I won't let busted
well it was your lip busted because that
Greg that you got to be your ID guard he
didn't before the 2014 pain yeah I know
that was a prank
now he beat my ass without him some
money
look at this he did that to me not you
really do it Greg did it I don't believe
that you need a good guy he kicked my
ass because of you what did he what did
I owe him money that's why you got the
smoke grenade oh come on dude
your cup
if you didn't do it I'll paint do it
anyway
that's not nice oh so you're asking but
he did do it well you deserved it I was
riding my bike and I fell off of it and
blessed my face on the ground
bird plays I ain't seen your fat after
that bicycle yet you won't leave me I
know what but you do give it a girl I'll
move in
you ain't invited hey dude oh boy you
you don't run up my challenge now my
back fuck your back you owe me a cow
didn't break he owes me a cap did it
break I heard him utter crap you want
out
it's up bro big overgrown fucking op
help me up
fuck you kind of god damn Bangkok we're
not doing this yet 100 green
you know you like it smells just like
your lungs get out of my house should I
leave
what should I leave you're doing I'm
getting into a full pension for you
no you're not yeah I'm okay
I'm going to go to passing on you and
her you put on each other lies about
your bar your standing your rigid yeah
get out
no no let me teach you a know me I'll go
no mean no me come on get down no beans
you are getting out of my life no mean
you get your fat ass out here to what
die rap so I'm sending her at dad's
house he's making fun of my busted lip
so anyway why I threw outside I want
good work back wall where it goes
I'll get you if I leave you'll give it
to me now and like it you're gonna shock
me with it
No
well having Thursday dad yeah Advan
father today is throwback Thursday but
I'm not going to tell a story I'm not
gonna tell a story different the way
Thursday because it's really hard to
talk and I don't want to tell a long
story with this going on but probably a
pudding line next Thursday and tell
another little army you got here system
a lot a lot of you got him started yet
I'm starting to get Simba that far name
one story lied about I don't remember
but I don't like there was anything good
in it then maybe it was a lie hey I'm
the good guy you are out underlie you
were good you busted your ass for us how
could you kill it
I'm not gonna lie say you weren't a good
dad you were an asshole sometimes but
you did you work two jobs you sold
peanuts you soul shit you did a lot I do
not make sure your head food there's no
denying that dude all my taser I'm
lonely with a wallet my wallet weapons
alright gets more explain to me this I'm
going to look at this wall of weapons
but the tailor back up I've ever mined
it
love I've it I can't talk dude fine
you gotta find it okay right here at my
table back here
okay now the wall grandpa's wall of
weapons yeah the axe have used you use
it all use them all and the hammer up
dubbed up the damn bat bad bit my book
positive now where is you bought little
you have like a little mini fridge amber
yeah too heavy put a wall then why are
those hanging what why do you have these
hanging up to remind me what I want to
do to you are you ready to go yet nope
and stick around for a little bit
it's our problem no lippy you want to
hear some shit what then oh yeah you
talk I want to lather Debbie doc hey so
I sort of told you about this the other
day I didn't really do a litte to it too
much so the other day I called danto my
hurt my lip I just didn't tell him how
now I told him cuz i was saving and
telling the greg yeah but i was this is
what happened you love Greg Greg will
beat your ass he doesn't like you anyway
we're friends so the other night I'm not
playing for you the other night rigid
and I went to nason Medical Center first
I told you literate that said Utley what
happened though so we went to nascent
Medical Center and we walked in there I
had this thing on my face did you go to
one over here in Somerville by Oakbrook
that was no vote
yeah there's a Medical Center yes I've
been here for as a nasty fucking bitch
in there well she was nasty to me dude
but so if they Fisher looked alright no
I had to go to some of the medical when
he didn't fix her up I had I went in
there oh they asked me if I had ID and I
said I didn't and they just flat told me
how to leave some day job in there
why didn't you call me I'll come down
there because it was like set 8 o'clock
at night you can't see drama at night
what John you go there where's receiver
well 737 45,000 goddamn problem
you were there right foreclose oh they
don't want to get tot it with your eyes
are their target emergency medical
center yeah don't they do emergency
medicine the lady looked at me and she
was like uh really then it's gonna be
$150 let me do a little bit they
wouldn't do that
mm-hmm look inside there are Oh goddamn
case is mine they're mine
what do you mean was I mean means I'm
going there in the morning are you
serious don't get arrested you ever met
you had emergency method you know
stranger to death today you clean you up
no they do them until we leave
so you there with a goddamn rag full of
goddamn blood blood all over your face
and they tell you could you got ID you
gotta hit the fucking brick yeah thank
god damn bitch you know Mason he's gonna
fire you one of them goddamn whores in
there
there was three bitches three up yeah
yeah you know it you know they make you
feel like they're doing you a favor and
you paying their salary we pay their
sorry
fuck you nation's I'll be there in the
morning dad's gonna Nathan dunk do not
stay with dad
for shizzle so yeah they refused me at
nascent Medical Center she-she's buried
when I said I didn't have my ID she
buried her face in her hand she goes
Tucker I don't know I look at all the
others don't going nations till they're
piece of shit doctor's office it really
did smoke on Ladson row Labs are no
definite laughs and rook I was in pain
it hurt like shit dude so you know you
didn't have to go to where Summerville
Medical Center they took yet real good
care of me they all said they changed it
we don't need nations onel closed down
bitch we don't need you you don't care
about the people in Ville anyway you'll
give that ID and money and these I
didn't have an ID with some of the
Medical Center the idea all they did was
type in my information and they did it
and you've been two days before yes I
have Joe I don't judge pages but your
main pulled you up yeah read man winter
licking motherfuckers working there yeah
we the nation for didn't we yeah
fuck man dude I could have used
immediate help with then god what thank
God it was until squirting what would
happen then what about a drop dead in
their little you know the lobby
did you go outside die well the nephews
were here finally and they're coming
with us
yeah think I'm always you don't bring
them back home in this real quick
somebody's in it put it like this it's a
little cat drum hold it like this like
that see would you hold it tight you
beat on it like this hold both hands on
it I'll show you how to do it you get on
the phone I'll see you know over no
that's not working
Joe John I bring his bike back hundred
golden Johnny get your right wedding the
hell is this shit
it's convey that blue out of it what the
slide here to where I'll see the lawyer
dad okay
shake my hand good boy please we hug in
this family I give minority law hell no
oh my god how did you got herpes oh come
on herpes looks like that I got the call
that that's herpes man right all righty
here did you get my boy harpie oh well
we're leaving the Walmart my dad's house
took the nephews to my house then we're
on the way back the dad's house we
decided to go to Walmart to get them
some stuff you guys happy yeah bye you
have a tubby guy come Jonathan got gta4
the computer some sort of card
roblox JC got a Batista movie and a
monopoly game and Jacob got a bike and
some wrestling masks you happy
I am so when we write the - now Oh God
every time I see my little bump I think
it's like an extra tooth poking out so
anyway oh my god - dad's house now ah
are you always on Ebers yeah what do you
want I want to McMahon Oh so sign
guessing y'all are deciding on
McDonald's sitting in how comes you did
that we would have nice day she's being
courteous and nice she wants us to have
a nice day
I thought she met Ryan making this lead
I mean she there's two windows one here
one here and she said have a nice day
and we'll come up to the other window
and get the food you get it now yeah I
don't think he can to just have a nice
day that's all yeah don't have a bad day
enjoy your food ramen I expect you to
have a nice day so tell me it have a
nice day Bridget how was day we're
getting Mike Jacob
I mean Jacob Josh thanks Johnny have a
nice day Johnny Jacob and JC have a nice
day Jacob and Johnny and JC so we're at
McDonald's a I see what you're doing so
we were at McDonald's getting the food
for the boys they got milkshakes no lady
says have a nice day and he was confused
anyway waiting and we're gonna see in
Papa or Papa angry grandpa just a minute
hey your dad they got me a new big teddy
bear he wants to huddle you good offing
there it is Oh retard God's wrong with
you a heavy
let's go to the smoke into bed with coat
we do you're Jeff Hardy impersonation
damn was it that much smoke that shit
nasty oh my apologies son
I got your apology now take my apology
bear Pororo sorry Agra grandmas you
goddamn bomb away from me
alright boys you wanna braid again
goodbye
hey what you doing brother like that huh
that's right
Jacob show Papa what is the tires doing
yeah now let's go over your right into
him come down here man you want you to
see hold on Jacob oh Jesus Christ
stay where you are
Jacob stay where you are follow me what
you gonna do just follow me
you don't go nowhere right there they go
just follow me
that hot
bring me your bicycle
we got in you can help me um you know I
don't know what you're doing now try it
you're on a camera guide you win to
liquor
oh you Todd you take you like this now
try it a cup right individual pack that
better awesome other ones don't leave it
be below both where we going bro are no
where's this healing call a fat bags
Beeville of that max tasting bike come
on you laughing my tools
am i what well you dad there you Michael
my grandpa get out my house
