what's going on you guys carry on I I
hate this oh man clean the lens - so why
live that's in the white house you can
see it better
looks like clock Kratt right now still
it's bleeding so I know hey I just put
the vlog Jesus Christ I'm gonna clean
this thing again
so I just put up the new video where
this thing happens it looks worse dang
is how it always looked but so oh it was
terrifying
when I first uh when I fell off the bike
my biggest fear was that I knocked out a
tooth I didn't even know I bit myself
actually I didn't feel anything but I
was like okay something's wrong and I
was holding like this and I ran to the
back him really terrified that this was
gone when I looked this way he was
spraying blood this way and also I had
to spit out blood into the sink because
my mouth was filled with blood it was
crazy it was like a mouth full of blood
and it was genuinely terrified me when I
saw that especially the spraying so I
hold the pressure against it I could
feel as I was holding pressure on to it
that the shirt was getting warm which
told me that the blood was seeping the
shirt and then maybe the pressure wasn't
working
I was terrified to check to see if it
was still bleeding or not luckily it
wasn't but anyway that's what happened
to me tonight last night on blog this so
anyway that's what's happening I hope I
feel better tomorrow I hope this doesn't
get infected but we'll see so anyway
this Rory oh now I look like a mutant
what
oh let's get the day started let's get
it started
ah what's going on you guys I know this
isn't the intro huh
so this is now official in the next day
and this is what it looks like when
widen hood you see that does so you see
the little letter oh man ah doesn't hurt
everybody was like all this gonna hurt
it doesn't really hurt it's just
annoying and I'm worried about doing
anything if I don't why they're so oh
well
Sony asked me am I still gonna vlog yeah
why not hey guys
bridge of us here in this time it's over
my gonna take his medication so here's
to get a terrible terrible infection on
his lip I don't want to shoot this I
can't take pills look at this thing
losing a fucking battery make sure you
don't spit on the floor Michael it is
just thinking like a size my pinky
there's all this husband's do small and
white yes I'll stop okay
now this all hot water okay
drink some more make sure it's all the
way in there
hmm okay yeah yeah well that's gonna be
effort today Oh every time do this looks
worse so uh this is a short vlog I
didn't do much today I you know I lay
down watch TV watch dogs on the last
season so apologies for this vlog being
so short if it's short I don't know I
don't know what I got only I hadn't even
uploaded clips to the computer yet so my
apologies for that my sister just put up
a vlog about the time that I cut my foot
open for a year and the blood was
spraying everywhere and stuff you it's
ironic cuz that's what happened to me
yesterday
blow spraying again I'm a bleeder dude
yeah when I bust up my bust open my body
bust up in a big way yeah it's like you
know what let's get out so I hate my
body just wants to escape me we got but
there's a whole yeah this fat
motherfucker I had some people pointing
out the fact that my blood looked pink
on video and I don't remember yesterday
if it looked pink in person or not but
if it did I looked it up and they said
that could be a lack of iron a lack of
red blood cells let's fuck that I did my
blood test couple weeks ago and none of
that showed up so I think I might have
just been the the camera didn't pick it
up right enough but if it was pink you
know as a hypochondriac I got a worry
some people were saying what the blood's
definitely fake oh well to my knowledge
think blood doesn't change color when it
dries you know yeah and in fake blood
doesn't cross I'd use fake blood all my
life I don't know what the reason would
be to fake the blood I got the stitches
do you think this didn't bleed you know
like I need a hole I got home about that
need stitches but there's not gonna be
any blood and you know if you were
saying oh god this is fake I guess I
rent out some of the medical center
for the video I told her to yeah
honestly like I yeah I actually told her
to call her the 911 because we don't
live that close to the hospital at the
time fire truck came and like took his
vitals or whatever and then the bleeding
stopped in there like well do you want
us to cancel the ambulance and Michael's
like yeah big does the think is at the
time I toss I call my one call
nine-one-one
that's when I looked in the mirror and
it was squirting out of my face okay so
I you know I was hoping for the best I
originally I thought I knocked a tooth
out that's what I thought it happened
when I fell off the bike so I ran to the
bathroom expecting to see missing tooth
and instead I saw blood squirting so I
call 9-1-1 Brigid call 9-1-1 and of
course I put pressure on there like a
motherfucker dude I was just holding it
and I didn't move it for five minutes so
we walk outside and a fire truck came
before and he asked me to see it I moved
it and it wasn't bleeding anymore and he
asked uh well we can wait for the fire
truck are we going for the ambulance or
you guys can't go and I felt safe enough
at the time that I thought she would
drive you right at the time I was like
I'd rather go with the pros you know my
mouse squirting blood and you know my
mouth was filling with blood like a lot
of the blood that was in the sink
came from when I spit it into the st.
because you know it had been cut for
about three seconds four I got to the
bathroom I just jumped up and ran to the
bathroom and I spit in the sink and
blood went everywhere and then you can
see if you walk you see blood on the
toilet paper blood is on the door I
think there's still some blood in places
right now I'll go check it out a minute
there was blood everywhere dude it was
crazy the front door yeah let's go look
at the blood in the front door right
here they get this resin and there Oh
God
and there let's see here let's see what
it is
you know it is all over this Jesus
because this is what I grabbed I reached
for the toilet paper and I just shoved
it in my face
oh man here's some more on the freakin
fine door using my finger printing on
with ho ho okay this is disgusting I
just found this hey Bridget
hey rigid please Thanks Oh John Berlin
oh I misspell it it doesn't stink as
virtually no smell at all I won't fill
it so anyway this is the end of my post
lip injury video I'm not going to make
every video about this this is just it
was the freshest thing going on right
now Bridget is cleaning off the
remaining blood she missed there's also
some on the wall beside your head so
little droplets so anyway thanks for
watching you guys sorry that we didn't
do much today I didn't feel like doing
anything man I bled like a stuck pig I
bled like a stuck pig yesterday yeah I
bought some smoke bombs at the pharmacy
where I got my medication spilled so I'm
gonna do those tomorrow I've also got a
smoke bomb for grandpa that I'm going to
do some next time I see them which might
be tomorrow it's a grenade it looks like
a grade you pull it of sparks I'll make
that thing with the grenade Adam so
click like if you want me to throw this
smoke grey that grandpa and Mego think
it's a real grenade I'm like oh shit see
even I got scared
I'm gonna be like hey dad look of
bridges dad gave us it's a fucking
grenade and I'm gonna throw it so
there's that so anyway that's it for
today like subscribe favorite look at
this thing this is what it looks like in
day 2
there's a look infected you severely
all right nice little gross Wow feel a
little weird doing sure so that's my lip
today thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite and that's it
