what's going on you guys Kibby on the
camera here for to us here right there
today is Saturday and today if you
didn't see our Thanksgiving vlog I
really really think you guys should
check it out
we had a fantastic Thanksgiving with
grandpa the entire family here's a
little piece of it hey dad Doug actually
does have a question for you Doug
so do we have your blessing sir that's
me no - not me no so he wants your
daughter's hand in marriage no no not me
well I won me
this ain't no arranged marriage or
anything so Doug if you want to ask it
the right way you gotta get a little bag
and cns today is the day after
Thanksgiving and it's all about
leftovers here's a leftover piece of the
vlog that I didn't upload love is in the
air every oh my god it's gonna turn to a
food fight soon - lets just eat the
spoon - Ginny oh just Christ oh my god
is it official how about that you got
leftovers freakin on Thanksgiving
leftovers next year we got a purposely
film extras just isn't Thanksgiving
leftovers I love it I know next year
we're doing it here so what I thought of
it beforehand guys I hope you all had a
really good Thanksgiving I hope you
spent a lot of time with your families
and really took the time to tell them
you know how thankful you are to have
them and and I wanted to take them in
and tell you guys how thankful we are to
have you and how thankful we are that
you watched our Thanksgiving vlogs and
you spent your holiday with us and you
know seriously it means everything to us
I hope you don't spend too much time
watching us instead of spending time
with your family because you
family is they're replaceable your
family is more important than us then
again we're family so right keep
watching we're just we're number two
families so watch after right so you
have your immediate family and then us
yes so happy Thanksgiving we are about
to have some Mexican food you guys
because there's no better way to
celebrate a Saturday after Thanksgiving
than having tons of Mexican food like
cheese dipping that's I'm thankful for
cheese dip I'm thankful for cheese dip
today I'm thankful for cheese dip and
I'm thankful for a family speaking of
family guys I wanted to show you
something that happened about 45 minutes
ago with Bridget's mom I don't want to
ruin that it's a big surprise check this
out there's a new member of the family
not our family but Cindy's family Cindy
excited curly Joe
guys this is one of grandpas puppies
they're trying to find some loving homes
for them and curly Joe it's going with
Cindy now isn't it like a plan in place
because mom's being sneaky
Jimmy who is Cindy's boyfriend isn't
gonna just be like yeah we're taking
that though right now so Cindy is like
tricking him into accepting about what's
the plan well I'm thinking we'll say
that you guys were gonna adopt him but
then your dogs didn't take to them so
I'm gonna watch him for a few days until
you guys find him a new home okay a few
days of Jimmy's heart melts nobody will
be totally attached Cindy you're sick
that right there are some reason
it doesn't work we'll keep them it'll
work I think so me but what do you say
we see how the dogs do act I kind of I'm
interested well grab back they're so
curious
shall we try the floor try here we go
he's like get away from me you guys are
huge before we go to the Mexican
restaurant you guys I wanted to take a
minute to address something that a
couple people you know brought to my
attention normally I wouldn't address
this kind of stuff but I wanted to do it
so you guys could see why I was doing
something that I've been doing so for
the past week you've probably noticed in
every vlog that I've been hyping up the
store big time
heavy promotion and I admit it I
definitely am go it what is this a
bruise in my hand somebody else do that
how'd this happen
what the great mysterious bruises and
kidney stones and frequent urination I'm
falling to pieces guys if you're
wondering why I've been going overboard
on the promotion to the store so we
signed a deal with broadband TV to
license new merchandise from us the
company that we were using before they
were they're based in Connecticut and
they were moving on to other things and
they said that at the end of year they
can no longer run the previous store
which we did it really focus too much on
that store you know to be totally honest
with you
and so broadband TV which is like an MCN
they've reached out to us and they said
hey we'd love to handle your merchandise
and I told Dad about it
and dad was so elated because
merchandising has been dad's thing this
whole time I've always been like I don't
think people really care I don't think
they want shirts of us and dad has
always said no the young'uns want shirts
you guys want hoodies and other stuff
and I said dad I don't know that they do
I don't know that my age demographic of
audience really cares to buy merchandise
and that's that was my opinion and dad
was like no no please Michael signed the
deal so I did you know we signed the
deal that was around the beginning of
October we signed this deal and they
started sending us like shirt designs to
approve and he loved it the first was
the angry grandpa angry picture kind of
like the Obama hope from Banksy and he
loved it absolutely loved it I was like
okay we're gonna do this and then dad
went to the hospital
look we almost lost dad I almost lost
him I almost lost my father the internet
almost lost angry grandpa and all the
plans that we had were thrown out of the
window we had so many plans for you know
dad to be wearing the shirts and we were
gonna do some vlog stuff and really
entertaining stuff with Shannon and
grandpa and the merchandise and then
he's in the hospital
and I'm sitting there like okay so I'm
just gonna write BroadbandTV
and tell him that we're not interested
in doing the merch
nice anymore because I realized during
that that I couldn't do that this was
dad's thing dad was begging for
merchandise and just because he's
sitting in the hospital doesn't mean
there's no merchandise and whereas I
have a belief that people aren't going
to buy things on the internet he doesn't
agree with me and and it's not my job to
tell him what we're gonna do so I
decided to keep going to keep what he
wanted to do and then he started
bouncing back and I saw it as a
different opportunity which is why I
started to get really creative with the
promotion because I saw it as something
else at that point I saw it as he's
bouncing back people are gonna buy the
shirts and they're gonna tweet pictures
and I'm gonna be able to show dad his
youngins wearing his shirts and the
feeling that that's gonna give him is
gonna be more than a thousand trips to
the doctor can do for him seeing you
guys reviving him is what keeps me going
and so that's why I'm promoting the
store like crazy because number one this
is what dad would have wanted number two
we do have a store and it's awesome I've
never our previous store is you guys
know I never promoted it I know I never
did either I felt kind of gross doing it
it's what it's like I say I'm not gonna
promote this you don't even cuz I don't
want to look like a whore but one of the
things that people were saying is Oh
grandpa's about to die so Michaels
pushing the store to get a last couple
of dollars out of him and it was
disgusting so that's why I wanted to
address this because that is the last
thing that I would do I was ready to
pull the plug on everything when Dad
when that was happening to dad so that's
what's going on you guys that's why I'm
promoting the store like crazy number
one because the store is awesome we got
so many cool designs that I love
BroadbandTV I love working with them and
number two because grandpa's gonna love
seeing you guys in his shirt so guys if
you haven't seen it the link is below as
getting close to the cutoff period where
you can get it before Christmas I think
I'm not sure I don't know how it works I
got mine coming Monday so maybe it's not
you know you can overnight it but guys
that's why we got an awesome store if
you want to see it the link is below and
I'm just happy that we could share it
with you let's go get some tacos cuz
seriously I'm very sad for taco that's
the reason I woke up today talk to you
tacos and cheese guys let's go eat now
ok guys I gotta tell you something that
just happened one of the craziest like
restaurant experiences that I've ever
witnessed so there was a customer
sitting at this table right over here
and I guess he didn't like his shrimp
cocktail it took a couple of bites of it
it was a waiter very rudely waiter sort
of banging the table the waiter comes up
and he goes I want this shrimp cocktail
off of my damn table we were like oh my
god
so ok we get over it I'm like that
that's pretty crazy we start eating our
food now that guy's bill comes and he
started raising hell in the restaurant
because the shrimp cocktail was still on
this bill and he was screaming and he
was bitching and he's I want the manager
I want it now and then he looks over at
me and I made eye contact with the guy
cuz I'm like what's he yelling about and
he looks at me you're that guy from
YouTube
help me help me get this off my pal and
I'm sitting like sir I'm just trying to
have my meal it's like I'm not involved
I'm sorry that you had a bad dining
experience ok I'm really sorry
don't get me involved as I like this
place yeah he made eye contact you're
supposed to help people your platform
look dude I don't want me to do I know I
got like from what I heard it was like
satisfactory like shrimp cocktail I
don't know what to tell you so anyway
the guy leaves and he leaves a tip how
much do you think you left
oh man people are rude that is that's
horrible we come here all the time you
guys and the waiter that we got is like
one of the best waiters we've ever had
so we're gonna give this guy 200% today
on our bill because you know what he
deserves it he's a good guy he doesn't
deserve to sit because you didn't want
to pay for some shrimp cocktail and no I
will not help you out of a jam by
filming it for YouTube you're the jerk
not them
so Cindy I don't know if you've heard
have you heard the news Jennifer and
Doug might be getting together that's
not what Doug said you would say Doug
said Doug said he was like you know soon
he's gonna be mad right Sheila thought
Oh Jennifer ever again problems Jennifer
Doug thinks you're still in love with
the fact that Cindy was the first thing
that came to Doug's mind tells me that
Doug ain't over Cindy's got it she's
this this conversations getting strange
I want to leave this message to the guy
that left to sent to our waiter today so
we left $200 as our tip 100 of it is
from you so the waiter appreciates your
very generous hundred dollar tip that
you left don't be rude to your waiters
it makes you look like an asshole we
left $200 part of its from you thanks a
lot man all right here we go guys
we just got a package in the mail and I
got to show it to you number one I'll do
mine first and then you can do yours
okay okay so obviously you guys know
what this is right it's crazy it's also
glory glory so right now it's good ruin
my big reveal moment all right pickle
boy oh that is my shirt baby
it's the 3x oh this is not yours when's
mine coming this is yours
I support the pickle boy horse okay I'm
just telling the lens with oh I thought
you're throwing at me okay what could
this be
I know I got a funny feeling I love it
that is awesome
we're putting these things on oh you
think that is awesome I thought that was
mine I forgot to order yours wood
britches where is mine Michael hey we
went crazy ordering stuff from the store
you told me you ordered a bunch of stuff
all right I ordered more stuff I think I
order like four of these but they're all
coming in like separately where we just
where's mine yours
sitting in the shop still okay I'll
order it tonight I'm sorry I go how does
it look it looks great I love it
pickleboy shot yes oh my gosh I wanted
do these I want to take a minute to say
thank you to BroadbandTV for hooking us
up with this great merchandise you know
before all the designing elements were
on me and I was doing it all by myself
and then broadband was like let us take
a stab at it and they came up with this
which is my favorite angle grandpa
design today yes nice yeah if you want
one the link is below they're not gonna
be available much longer I think as we
get a little closer to Christmas they're
gonna determine that they can't deliver
it in time so it's gonna be over
so guys limited a time only okay I'm
just going to buy a lot now we're gonna
have to order a few yeah I need these
seriously limited a time only on this I
think this one's gonna be around for a
little bit all he'll pickleboy we got
more shirts guys the link is below we
got camera crew we got hats we got all
kinds of stuff
how do you ordered me a camera crew
shirt Bridget things were crazy that
night I forgot to order you any okay no
I'm sorry it's not anything to do with
disrespect you said you ordered a matter
don't say that I don't matter to you I
thought I was worth something dude just
a low budget I placed the huge water but
it's not here yet I don't know where it
is what kind of huge order I don't
remember there were hoodies I know
there's a hoodie for you I ordered you
like some shirts I don't have orders you
camera picture
I did I didn't know she was getting wet
