okay Michael man I see it oh my god okay
don't happen okay so we were riding
bikes in my hood fell and he like bit a
chunk out of his freaking lap so I
caught an ambulance because it was
squirting a lot and shit so right now
we're just waiting on ambulance luckily
it's not like as bad as it was a second
ago but um oh yeah let me show you the
bathroom oh man
so there's that
no that was squirted and oh man
blood stain you feel so bad for you
and there's that I totally thought he
was I totally thought he was messing
with me because you know how he always
says and I just was like oh you're so
full of shit you're fine I'm wrong and I
got so bad right now so I guess he's
gonna go hopefully think it just your
stitches here that would be really cool
but you might have to hear the hospital
well my are doctor nation Medical Center
this sucks uh-huh we are in the garage I
was pulling into the garage and I tried
to be cool and and I try to go hard and
I thought Ike hey let's Gorton yeah like
I called 9-1-1 on em falls because you
know what if it was something horrible
like he popped a vein or something but
the bleeding stopped whenever the
equivalents came so uh really her
pressure on here
I held treasure can I knew there's a
solid knock on just a second hit on dog
home with the doctor right now I feel
like Stephen Hawking right now uh here
we go
this sucks Wow well he was denied at
Mason Medical Center well they just
threw me out cuz it no ID so we got into
the hospital oh thanks Mason nothing
Kevin work - you got an ID yeah I know
right
hey Michael I feel
I know Michael straightedge but I highly
recommend he take some more time but I
better get him yeah he's really gonna
wow mrs. Eman she behind his love is
nothing there's no meat so you see like
a little wrong like a little cone
pumping out behind that there's nothing
nothing there like it's like get it off
or something it's really bad so open
I'll see like cool and behind that
there's no I can only tell I can oh man
so that's it for now so here's another
update the doctor just came in and
opened it back up it was about God and
um he says he's gonna go get some
medicine in the prescriptions and
hopefully they close it up
but it looks worse ah
I can't see
Oh God
decided Friday
sucks betadine
this is my bad he's trying to tell the
doctor that between zero to ten his pain
levels up to he's full of shit I was
more like a seven well I'm home I just
have stitches so now that I can talk
clearly let's take you to the scene of
the crime
so so we were riding bikes around the
neighborhood and I decided I was going
to race this thing into the garage
Bridget I kid the button and I race and
I got here I fall my bust my face all
right here somewhere so I washed my face
well it wasn't the bust that did it I
bit down when I did it the doubter said
or the doctor said he could still see
the meat in this front tooth the one at
the front with the side here yeah oh
wait you could you can still see my gum
marl it meat embedded into the tooth was
wrapped around it or something so bit
the shit out of myself I got the bike
Bridget I was joking at first she was
laughing and I ran I was done doing like
this
so rendition you see snowing the blood
right there I ran into the bathroom you
see a little blood on the door you see a
stain on the carpet I was holding my
mouth and you get here and this are here
is crazy to me
good lord so oh uh I walk in here I look
like something the blood sprays is
squirting so I was like oh shit
so I got
something I pressed it against my face
and I held pressure Virginia driving me
to the hospital and I got these stitches
so you can seal
oh you cleaned it yeah okay I came in
here because I couldn't really see the
stitches on try again so how's it look
fine huh
so I think I got a shot of him that time
so goodness when you guys saw it when
bridges oh we were just out of the video
it was after I had about two minutes of
pressure on it and the dogs were
freaking out because they didn't know
what was going on
Oh anyway that's what happened and I'm
gonna end this vlog right now
cuz well I'm taking a meiotic y'all got
going so I'm gonna go pick always
accident I don't know if this walks five
minutes ten minutes three minutes I've
logged a lot today so what are the case
maybe I'm going to get out of here I
have you know better soon
well so I don't get an affection so like
subscribe favorite this still happens
you try to lose weight
there's also Arden those damn bikes I
was trying to lose weight for way on
Wednesday
yeah this sucks
so anyway like subscribe favorite hey
and that's it follow me on Facebook
Twitter you want to tell the camera here
you go
follow me on Facebook Twitter Instagram
I didn't do anything uh what happened
not that I tried you start logging
