what's going on you guys keep you on a
camera here and today is vlog number
five wait five one zero one so today is
vlog number 101 yesterday we asked
people to click like if they wanted to
see me replace grandpa stuff and
overwhelmingly you guys said no so I'm
not gonna replace his stuff for him I'm
gonna call him in a little bit I'm gonna
let him know that the fans have spoken
like remember his line well you're right
dad we do do what the fans want and they
don't want me to replace your stuff so
not doing it not gonna replace it you
don't have a microwave you don't have a
toaster oven or a waffle maker anymore
if you want to replace it you're gonna
have to go replace it yourself so my
apologies I'll call dad and let him know
in a little bit you guys spoke wipe this
lens happy Monday everybody
I'm saving grandpa's Monday mailbag
buddy I just scared myself was on my own
reflection Oh who's that guy put anyway
I'm saving grandpa's Monday mail bag
video this is one you're gonna want to
see that whole worm stuff
it's crazy it is in a way it's repulsive
in a way it's hilarious I loved it the
link is below check out the new Monday
mailbag video you also getting to see
him get the sulfur certificate that
caused him to destroy his entire kitchen
well I wouldn't say he destroyed his
entire kitchen because he has done worse
so anyway happy Monday everybody this
thing is still here
I can taste again so that's pretty good
I was just scratching my back and I
think I caught on camera also trying to
be inconspicuous about it so anyway I
can scratch my ass and back and nobody
would know but you saw in the reflection
so happy Monday and let's get this day
started what you guys doing
can't go outside right now Mama's trying
to fix your mistakes
don't bail yes all that what who you Oh
Carson who you silly and your daddy
yes Tina oh hell no your knees your
knees your knees Tina get out and you're
from Pennsylvania right outside of
Gettysburg honey Oh Joe find me these
boys back we're trying to pick up on the
area cause we knew we were near
Charleston and I mean look for like
Shirley are you nervous yeah yeah you
have a new van a lot better junk I had
horse pickleboy he is home yeah thank
you very much oh my god you know y'all
go all right they'll see themselves on
video talkers they're good stalker who's
worse
anyway I'm gonna moto these people a
little bit I'll check you later okay
there they go they the stalkers data was
thinkin they found me they from Florida
they on their way back to Pennsylvania
and they found grandpa can you breathe
as you take him all the way think that
instead of going down road they comes
your grandpa can you believe that
anyway I love it anyway you're gonna
take here hey do you remember yesterday
when you said that the fans make the
decision on who replaces the stuff and
stuff do you remember yesterday you said
you wanted the fans to click like no
they didn't they said they did they
click dislike they don't want us to
replace your stuff not doing it even
when we do you got nothing is that
threat Bridgette went out last night
while sleeping bunch of teen stuff my
teeth too screwed up yeah I don't see
that to be true my teeth are perfect and
a little screwed up so last night I was
brushing my teeth that's the first time
like a long time and those blood
everywhere it was the worst that ever
been so here's to brushing again
two minutes was only two minutes best
use of two minutes to impress that song
mm yes don't last no please this one
just says help prevention device that
one helps reverted we don't have
gingivitis Michael what did I do
well these are so I think a bridge you
got that one for ourselves okay use that
one for it
nope for it easy other one why can't I
use out what's the point don't you just
fall approxi than that I mean fuck off
dude what am i three cries
how's that RINs
and gargle gargle gargle time strike
anybody gargle like that I got a
horrible gag reflex give me a kiss hey
guys for just here right here so tonight
I'm going to watch my haunted house on
lmn it's based on true paranormal events
and its really creepy and I really like
it I'm probably gonna tweet Elliman
later and say thanks for scaring me
well here's the dogs
here's Bella's favorite toy anyway calm
down vigor
well that's gonna be it for today got my
teeth did I look like shit
but anyway got my teeth did you got the
floss I don't care let's go floss
so I won't be doing that
so dad dad has a little piece of video
or some fans came up to the house and
they were chilling around and he just
sort of popped in and so dad took
pictures with him gave him some bumper
sticker so that was kind of cool to see
I'm not doing it
come on man I hate it because of my
tooth gonna come out or something
um I'm not joking I don't want to do it
so anyway we're just trying to force me
to floss and I know I should but it
feels strange for them to pull my teeth
out so anyway thanks for watching you
guys as always like subscribe babe click
like if you think bridges should book me
a dentist appointment I'm terrified
because I haven't got please God let me
speak so I haven't gotten my wisdoms
taken out so that's one terrifying
that's been one of the biggest fears of
my life actually I used to pray when I
was younger like dear God thank you for
the wonderful day we had please don't
let me get my wisdom teeth taken out and
also don't let me have lice in Jesus
name I pray that was rid the gods
because I got busted for having head
lice at school one time and from then on
I was like please don't let today be
head lice check day I told Dad tomorrow
to go hunting for a microwave and I also
told him to bring his camera so I could
probably splice them at him between
grandpa looking for a new camera arm
knew what was he looking for microwave
toaster oven so thanks for watching you
guys
like subscribe favorite thanks for
agreeing with me don't follow Bridget on
Twitter in that said don't do it don't
do any of it you don't want to follow
her you don't wanna do any of it hey now
you don't you wanna click follow what
does nothing
unfollow her
