what's going on you guys keeping any
camera here and we are at the gas
station pumping some gas so today is
vlog number 100 a hundred vlogs we have
now done and this is crazy I you know in
when I started these I didn't know if I
would get to 50 and now here I am at a
hundred so one thing we are considering
is to go to Burger King in ordering a
hundred nuggets and sit down with
grandpa and eat some nuggets and
celebration for a hundred vlogs now of
course is this an excuse for me to eat
chicken nuggets maybe possibly yes yes
that's a lot of money I gotta go anyway
we want a hundred something so we'll
figure that out we'll let you know when
we get to Grandpa's house in a few
minutes what we decided on 100 something
100 grand well for vlog number 100
grandpa destroyed his fucking kitchen
again why did y'all pray before is the
innocent frightened you know I about my
money Michael it was innocent I made you
ain't got no money in you butan all you
is we got your know work hard send me
that money yes right there it's still
your cabinet no no you were enclosed to
be anywhere close to me now I got new
life away look I know toaster of it I
change your old cigarettes now well buy
a new one here's a dollar look you ever
touch my silver certificate again was
this worth it yes
you got no toaster oven you got no I
guess waffle maker no microwave not a
good guitar oh my god leave my dad my
own you crack the bed now you gotta buy
me a bed dude I don't got to do anything
you you will pillar gate you will pickle
gate you will buy me a bed now you will
buy me a guitar you will buy me a
microwave you'll buy me a toaster oven
well hi you can just have
what is wrong with you get them out
no don't come back ever now what you
saying here
get out of here and don't ever come back
to my house never never
yeah
I need a bed
I'll be waiting for it you need to know
everything out Oh out there out hey have
some shoes on
I already up I'll help you clean break
do it uh you get out of here
you got a broom I don't know stop talk
to it why are you so bad
could you make me do this you don't want
bunch to flush I didn't think you to do
this now
I'm count to three you better we go one
I'm not leaving anywhere what are you
doing oh wait a minute
even now ya go I want to help him clean
this man get out
finish your blog and get out oh go get
some shoes on
Oh Oh aah whistle aah aah 400 logs I was
going to make that thing I destroyed his
you know silver certificate now it's a
main Channel video Wow
which one help with fur yeah would you
leave I want to help
now what are you gonna do
so I gotta buy you a microwave a toaster
oven no for the IV I did it he plays it
that is enough
bullshit Princip how many all day my
goodies replace my stop say you like if
you like it why don't you have to
replace it yeah fuck you click like if
you click like if you only replace that
stuff no budget around this house prison
we do a sample for you your money man or
what yeah we're going to bed by now I'm
your new shit even though I got it in
the fucking pawn shop
Oh new shit you don't have to share our
prison you thought I'm out don't you
ever come back do not carry anything you
go get this goddamn blue tide your
fucking head your topic no I'm not
don't think you a little bit also I got
us all got in microwave Delphi for tada
know what mo thought and all the bells
and whistles well save up for it and you
know cuz like I broke my shit you got it
please I'm not gonna get a $400 one I'll
get about 200 no oh shit we get in the
best you don't think I deserve this no
fuck you
alright when do you want it tomorrow
good luck getting it
we will find out I'm making a card get
out of here everyone loves me I got ya
doctor motherfucker
ha hey listen lady brews man maybe he
said up in Sweetman beans on the flag I
hear let's get it from that ah oh dude
you're bleeding
let me see your leg other side so your
Pole let me help a little bit get out of
here Michael take your bitch and go well
I am on my way home right now sunlight
oh man well by the time this goes up
that'll be up so you want to see
grandpa's flip out over me all I did was
I took I switched out his silver
certificate somebody sent him for mail
bag Monday and I switched it with the
regular dollar I destroyed it and okay I
I do owe an apology
so we're getting them is my face cut
open
any piece of glass cut me in the face so
Bridget cleaned the kitchen Oh flowers
these wind your grandma brought us yep
for the July flowers from my grandma so
these are the 4th of July flowers they
are so adorable
and of course for the person that I love
in this world in life me ego bridge I
got you a flower
Thanks it smells so nice
yeah come for a flower I didn't get her
flower her grandma did wait y-you got
this for me she gave us some sort of
package stuff to put in there did you
got that yeah they put it on today I
change out the water too we should start
having flowers around here I like these
yeah I like flowers for some reason you
never get them for me because you taught
us
am I not worth flowers when we first got
into the relationship she told me she
hated flower could you said you hated
giving flowers well you you instilled it
early in that she hates flowers so I
never having flowers they smell so good
and they're beautiful well today is my
sister's birthday July the 6th I was
gonna get her a video camera and she
already has she got one for her from
Kyle today so I can't get her the video
camera luckily I called and that and
they just thought to ask cuz she want
where's ya
oh no video camera flowers hey sometimes
flowers run expensive so anyway Kimberly
is your birthday can God bless you this
day I wish you the wishes of a happy
birthday and I'm proud of you this day
now it's gonna be Kurt Cobain singing my
song Kimberly's your birthday
ah please hey bro take him however take
him that's the end of your birthday
wishes yeah how have you can love you
Kim happy birthday happy birthday Kim I
get the last word happy birthday Kim
have you taken up it happy birthday -
birthday my blood sister I give the last
word on this
hi bro check him every to get Monica my
birthday cam well that's gonna be it for
today uh first we filmed the Monday
mailbag video and we had quite a
repulsive scene in that video
somebody sent dad a giant gummy worm and
we proceeded to make five minutes of
fellatio jokes so let's take a look
quick preview of some of the fellatio
material I love it okay I sort of go by
yeah I also got grandpa's camera whom
was recording himself the entire trip to
Columbia so I got to go through that and
sometime this week I'm going to use it
whether it be in my vlog or upload for
his channel he's already got some stuff
playing he's got another ask grandpa
plan for this Thursday we got the the
Monday mailbag video so if not I'll use
it for my channel I'll last dad whatever
he wants me to do with it I'll do that
but here's a quick preview of some of
dads columbia footage hello we know each
other now how many years been a lot of
mana probably about Haley come on at
least at least I've known Zippo man for
at least 15-20 years
and he is always taking care of me Oh
lighters so we come to the barnyard come
by Zippo man's and you ain't getting to
play to get the piano for you the organ
he is fantastic huh and you can all do
your watermelon so this is vlog number
100 and that goes to big thank you to
all you guys for watching and liking and
subscribing I've earned more subscribers
in the past three or four months and
then I can't say I mean it's crazy I've
gained a ton of subscribers because of
you guys watching the videos and share
them and liking them and commenting and
it's great so a huge thank you to you
whether you like me whether you hate me
whether you hate Bridget or you hate
Bridget or you never said and give you
another option there I just said whether
you hate Bridget or hate Ridgid so yes
people like me okay so what do you hate
Bridget oh you despised Bridget you know
thanks for always being there right that
is a hundred videos what people like me
thumb some people do like me you like me
you really like me like me so you might
try 100 vlogs so thank you guys
seriously for all the support for always
being there for watching the videos and
here's to 100 more so vlog number 100
grandpa pissed off and sweeping glass
and shit like subscribe favorite and
that's it hey effort again no headache
no favor
rest well thank you for waking up the
neighbors I wrote to Kim
