what's going on you guys keep me on
camera it is now I don't know if I just
said kid behind a camera here it is now
the 5th of July it's about 3 o'clock in
the morning got my vlogs saving and this
is the aftermath of the 4th of July we
are not going to clean this up until
tomorrow so tomorrow I will show it
better in the light and tomorrow we'll
come out here and film so you can see
what it looks like
so well by Philibert Jesus I swear to
God I don't I don't drink it I didn't
dream him just falling over so both his
relies over everybody left it was a
great time I wish dad was there he
should have been there but he didn't
want to come so sorry you missed it dad
fifth of July well here we are mourning
him woke up the wrong time I should have
waited an hour before waking though I
know right Bridget's picking up all the
trash not gonna help I think I was like
30 minutes well right now grandpa is in
Colombia let me wipe this off he left
without me I woke up this morning and I
had a text message and I said fuck you
Colombia so he went to Colombia without
me so I'm going to call him and see why
the fuck he went without me hey why did
you go to Colombia without me what does
that mean myself and why I thought I
would invite to a ban sir those people
asking about me
yeah I got it good you got my milk
that's not gonna kick you with me
alright that's bull and I told you
George
you are yours but your yard look like
shit you think oh no he's gonna clean
your yard your rages Michael yeah well
II did you that way I can you mechanical
unworkable he's probably on a long leave
a little your idea chain of authority
becuase on a block
first of all the arts clean now both of
us I'm sure have in you clean this is
stupid
we you should've let me come Michael I'm
sure the guy just would not believe
faces came in Miss Liberty over well
even though that later go ahead lunch
would you eat
hi I want an apology
so dad wouldn't a Columbia without me
I'm not what is that shit man it's a
smoke bomb for doesn't roll my foot oh
this is so cool
they are as ice pretty oh Jesus God
people think we like Clemson Oh so this
anyways dad would a Columbia without me
how many people would still drink these
things like that you're British
drink up as you can tell we're really
bored we're sitting here doing shit like
this really high road
thirsty but now man there's something
going on with this drunk
he has ridiculous parka
so I don't know if you can see it on
video it doesn't look like it's picking
it up on video dude yeah but it is
fucking pink this is sucks I can't see
it on myself from the viewfinder I don't
know if it's gonna pick up on video but
it's fucking pink everywhere I'm bad a
purple chilly
where you will see dad's lungs apply
uh-huh
good god there big boy Oh what it's
tougher to camera it's done me look at a
word hey Belle
what are you doing baby the shot was
visually
the ones you'll see with me so Bella and
I are watching UFC right now is the
pre-show on Fox Sports 1
up next is UFC 175 with Chris Weidman
and lyoto machida
and we also got Ronda Rousey so this
should be a good show
look you think Bella let me hear you
going for a Cure I favor
I'm going for Chris Weidman and Ronda
Rousey is punishable by up to five years
in federal prison and a fine of $250,000
did you imagine going to prison for
recording like UFC legally you have to
lie if that's the reason you went to
jail you know you see everyone sitting
there talking
which you win for Greg's murder oh yeah
what about you I recorded UFC without
consent five years the first time
Bella's wanted to come out all day
go ahead baby AJ I said baby
oh god my way so anyway oh god I thought
it was Sunday verse I can his Saturday
cool so anyway that's gonna be it for
today thanks for watching you guys UFC
just ended Italy is Sunday na min I am
Yasmin's one shot right times on Sunday
so anyways last night I burned my tongue
or something uh the bump right there oh
you think that is be something nasty I
would kiss you I can't taste anything
right now so anyway I guess people would
that's a good thing you probably showed
me tasting things you probably should
stop tasting things so anyway that's
gonna be it for today uh Greg left his
light that goes on his gun now at our
house this goes to his gun and he left
it
how's his work truck turned rolling holy
shit
oh that's terrifying me right now you
can see inside my fucking hand Wow is
that not scary no I'm sorry putting his
letting his light my mouth I apologize
does it look like
it's crazy ya know ya dr.hari open up
hey come on open up ma'am I'm gonna be
checking for cavities mr. Greenberg's
gonna check your eyes okay
oh man I'm fresh on this thing off now
so I'll see what it looks like oh my god
let's get this thing off oh crap I love
this light cool
well Greg you're getting this awesome
light back against my wishes my so so
anyway thanks for watching you guys
happy July 5th have it you like her you
dolls ready to go in no we didn't really
do much dad screwed me over and didn't
take me to Columbia I told him we have
to come back I said we have to come back
again in the future
a couple weeks so mad at you he got him
he told me fuck me and he want to go to
Columbia because my vlog last night I
was like I know dad's not sick when he
wasn't I was like I may not have been
thicker fuck you anyway so dad didn't
dad didn't take me to Columbia as
payback until anyway thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe favorite Bridget
west
did you miss that follow me on Facebook
Twitter Instagram everything is on my
youtube so do that too don't do any of
it okay bye what
