what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here is here and happy 4th of July
today's to 4th of July today is our big
party cause got drool hanging down that
Jules we getting bigger since we're
looking at it know what woman like that
and I'm touch it get baby whatever white
so today's the fourth of July bird just
made her pasta salad it's actually
pretty good it's a lot better like she
said the next day she was right she's
baking some cookies
we got people gonna be here in the next
like hour and a half we got the grill I
moved the grill so I can grow out do the
burgers yeah I tried calm he's not
answering he'll call me back in a little
bit you call beau so grandpa's probably
not showing up he's gonna play sake so
we don't gotta kind of 4th of July so oh
well it's gonna be fun anyway dad so
anyway huh fourth of July it is hot out
the car said it was 99 degrees what is
it really hot degrees
so anyway happy fourth of July and let's
begin the day and what could we consider
the greatest timing ever I don't know if
you heard it but when I first started
the vlog I got a text message and I
sided I was gonna check the text message
after I stopped recording it it was dad
if you can't read that it says didn't
hear phone stomach fucked up since
yesterday he don't want to come that's
it for a week now yeah I don't know if
I'm a feel-good or not he said that and
then he was like oh yeah bit of a
hurricane Friday so yeah me we having a
hurricane Friday so you ain't even gonna
be able to cook anyway so anyway dad
don't want to come to 4th of July with
us that's all right dad
we'll eat plenty of bratwurst and
burgers without you I invited you though
ok so right here I got peppers and
onions what I did is I sauteed green
pepper orange peppers onions and garlic
with butter in some red wine
and this will be the peppers and onions
that you put over your bratwurst or
hotdogs if you want this is some chili I
made typical chili recipe oh it sucked
Bridget made these get some baked beans
going up fogged it up in the fridge
we've got a bunch of beer down there got
our meat right here got some t4 just
named we got to brought the bratwurst oh
right there some more be right there
some Coke Zero what else is in this
thing all the meat the hotdogs cheese
with the burgers so people will be here
in about an hour
so that's when I'm going to start I'll
fire up the grill about 6:45 when some
of the people are here so fourth of July
here we go there's Bella she hit her
face right when I walked out
Bella go up and see her Hey what you so
scared of the fireworks for huh hmm he
meant Paul gave me a Paul she's
terrifying
hey Belle
you'll come downstairs you look crazy
right now Bella okay so we're sitting
here with grandpa's bodyguard so what is
your YouTube channel people been asking
me it's a pug man official so he got a
pledge Manhattan won so yeah Pudge man
official the link is below and got an
idea to do a prank with this guy right
here what do you think I told you the
prank would you think would be good oh
it's gonna be a good he needs to do it
he keeps refusing he's like he's like a
diva about it I'm not doing offered him
money he rejected it
no wandering least one of your viewers
are now just saw this and said what the
hell is that big fat white marshmallow
doing on your video again that sounds
like Mickey Mouse who someone said that
yes and I sound like Mickey Mouse you
didn't
but I'd you're the one guy don't worry
I'm not wearing my my off-brand khaki
pants this time wearing my off-brand
camo shorts yes somebody said that
there's no reason pickle boy should be
afraid of knees wearing off-brand khaki
shorts as if he was wearing name-brand
khaki shorts I have a reason to be
afraid he has a point
I mean those weren't Dickies yourself
how did a pretty badass bow swearing
Walmart only badasses were name brand
clothes I don't know it's a cheap one
we celebrate America by lighting up
fireworks so you can with fire
everywhere
should be a good one America Lucius
we're shooting over them and there they
are showing us up nice room you can to
watch this
double lights going right there yeah
just like quick about quite a little bit
so fourth of July shoot off fireworks
the neighbors I keep showing us up every
time we do something going on where I'm
filming through the fence now I'll
pretend like it's ours
Wow a nice job Bridget oh that is step
one on lessons to burn houses down
neighbors the neighbors intruder light
oh it did
oh shit I was recording yes that is step
200 house to house
let's hope step three don't come behind
you some just exploded about it um
hopefully you got on camera
I think shit dude so we've got step one
step two in step three is is windows
videos like our books we all die
come on wait damn it this is like the
longest fire whatever
oh man
okay back to the ground looking at our
we'll go as far as if it just like
killing over there Lou you're roasting
marshmallows
the sparkles aren't showing up for some
reason there we go
Oh John what is wicked he's like I one
day I'm gonna kill pickle boy I think
it's going to be today hey you know what
hopefully we are officially out of
fireworks we were shooting it off you
better on New Year's man we did good
though
we did good okay we shot up we started
at nine o'clock and it is now all right
Jen 10:44 see your fingers we didn't
know if we were allowed to shoot
fireworks so we got a manageable amount
of fireworks we got what we thought was
a good amount and it turned out to not
because our neighbors were pulling us
all night I know so New Year's I mean
he's doing another dance at the
sparklers
they may be good but he's waving
sparklers around Bob Saget well fourth
of July is ending pledge man is leaving
his link is below subscribe to him we
didn't get any fights people who said
they were gonna get people to jump boom
that didn't happen he will try to send
these people crazy man they are they are
Kevin well you didn't hurry at all hey
it's a balancing act for your dog
grabbing some food yeah we made it
entertaining with fireworks and he's
leaving with food he's happy all right
man I seen you guys so I'm a little
sweaty right now pretty busy day I was a
lot of fun thanks for coming you guys
um I texted everyone to let me know
whenever they get home so I know they're
not like dead it should be horrible
yeah that would be horrible that would
be really bad I texted my grandma just
now I was like text me at home it takes
my mom oh what a lazy licking so dad
sends me a text message about 10:00
10:30 charlie puth ugh so he had no
intentions of coming you missed out on a
good time dad I wish you were here so it
was a lot of fun fourth of July
everybody's everybody eight everybody
shot fireworks off for a little while it
was a lot of fun I don't know if this
vlog is five minutes six minutes ten
minutes three minutes whatever the case
I hope you guys enjoyed it that was our
fourth of July I'm going to go ahead and
edit this up and get to sleep so hope
you guys had a safe fun 4th of July July
4th Independence Day
tomorrow we should be doing the road
trip to Colombia unless - thermacore
skin will find out we'll see so happy
July 4th everybody hope you guys are
safe
happy July 4th for Bridget and thank you
thanks to Greg and his fiance our wife
excuse me
Greg and his wife and her brother and
Bridget's mom and grandma and her
boyfriend and her dad and thank
everybody who came it was a good time
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe and that is absolutely it
I also got to show me up
I love you and I'm putting on my hat for
you before I take my hat off to follow
me on Facebook and Twitter
I'm always on there in respect for July
4th unfollow a follower and unfollow her
four times
follow her unfollow her until you reach
for so happy July 4th unfollow Bridget
four times thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe vigilance the dress the
dress
Bridget out Nicole to Facebook that's my
facebook favorite and that's that
