what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here and it is about seven
o'clock in the morning I had not gone to
sleep yet I started to pick up the
camera and go ahead and do my
introduction now I stayed up working all
night trying to talk lower so I don't
wake up Brigitte course I don't think I
will
you know she's in this second floor in
the bedroom but who knows my voice
carries so just saying hello seven
o'clock the morning worked on I ate
generally pretty good response from the
video pickle bitch uh-huh last night the
guy posted a picture that we took
together after the video was shot we
talked and he asked for it was really
funny we were talking in the living room
and I was like I said would you do not
hate me
etc etc and he ended up saying no I'm a
fan and asked for a picture as though he
wanted to get a picture with me so check
this out what's funny is if you check my
face in the picture it's like I'm going
uh you can leave now you can go now bye
he'll be leaving soon
well let's just zoom I'm getting blurry
let's zoom in on my face for a second oh
goodness go ahead and get out now
nice meeting you sir so Oh
busy night busy day yesterday probably
gonna be another busy day tomorrow but
just wanted to go ahead and get my video
introduction made now get it like get
fixing this light
so anyway seven o'clock in the morning
probably not gonna go to bed until 1:00
9 then I'm out to get up about 1/4 hours
that sucks
this this sucks leaps gonna suck
tomorrow so anyway here goes the day
Thursday tomorrow is fourth of July cool
good morning YouTube well this is
actually isn't
good morning I recorded my intro oh it
is now almost four o'clock images will
go and I had a surprise my horror blog
they just showed I want it
well it's three eggs it might be too
small this is sick now this is not a
waste of money
I'll do the shirt laughs as always you
know a bit oh what the hell that is sick
oh I love it that's cool Wow
Maura block is fucking awesome I love it
The Walking Dead bicycle girl vinyl
figure that shit oh that's all right
there one more yeah that's cool ma
that's beautiful
okay horror so oh this is prank so what
does it do it looks at regular soap but
it looks touched honey into blood is it
I might have to put this aside for dad
one day oh yeah this is horror figure
classics okay which one should I open it
yeah
so these are the mini horror feet which
hopefully is not chuckling cuz I got
chunky this that was coming these little
trash bags
Pennywise cuz down here we float we all
float Oh have you come down here they'll
float too
let's see I want it looking too love for
Eddie - it's really cool then we got
these little stickers these are jealous
skins you can put these in your phones
or do one like that's awesome in love
with horrible me - I love it
I want to get in a time machine just
into the next one yeah I know right
you know I don't I didn't rave about
nerd block is that what it's called
oh no loot crate I don't like loot crate
it's stupid I like look great but this
is better
yeah this is way better okay I'm putting
Chucky my life proof case that is so
cool and it comes off yeah of course I
really want one house won't have your
phone yeah see we've got I mean Hannibal
Hellraiser Billy the puppet Texas
Chainsaw Massacre
Jason Freddy Michael Myers and I don't
know who that is I think it might be
another creature from that but I don't
know I want that one it's a monthly
magazine called room morgue
it's a horror magazine Kaunas is so
awesome look at this I love this box I
want another one I mean think about Lee
sign up for all their boxes I know we go
laughing is the shirt oh shit one two
Freddy's coming for you that's cool I'm
totally wearing that tonight Wow
I gotta admit horror block is the shit
if you want to sign up for horror block
click the link below this is not any
kind of promotional code I don't get
anything for you signing up this isn't
like but you make money and I make money
this is just click the link sign up for
horror block cuz it's fucking awesome
they have and you'll see the other ones
they have I don't know what the other
ones they offer but I'm thinking about
looking at those two now yeah cuz I want
a monthly box so Wow horror block click
the link below sign up for it cuz this
thing is sick so bridget is in the
process of making some sort of pasta
salad for tomorrow night call it
Mediterranean pasta salad but I don't
know it's so delicious
ok yeah you know what you're doing yeah
can you cut the onion for me hey we want
a chopper can you do that I told her I
don't want to cut the onion so I said
hey we'll spy chopper good idea we
bought the chopper now I have to use the
chopper to chop the onion let me just
explain something to you guys okay last
time just kidding last time I couldn't
onion cut too just in case last time I
cut an onion you know I was like crying
my eyes were like I was crying everybody
does know it was worst and my eyes would
not stop burning for like two hours it
was so bad I can't do it I can't do
everybody's eyes barn and they cry when
I cut onions I can't do it I'm sorry
there's a trick to doing it but I don't
know it so I've got on my horror block
shirt Nightmare on Elm Street one two
Freddy's coming for you love it
what's that the peppers and stuff after
sin filings rings under cold water to
cool it off party will be perfect oh um
yeah and what is this one foot minute
Salani okay so this is salami yeah that
we're adding to the cold pasta this my
daddy and salami and my daddy and salami
who doesn't like salami all right I'm
around
you pasted all of the cut vegetables
around there yep
mix that around good enough of
everything I'd say so yeah no no no I
mean after it's fully cooled off I'm
gonna take a little bit of it and see if
it needs any more
that's something Parmesan cheese how
much I'm gonna start with a cup but I'll
probably end up needing to cut
yeah one cups Gardens olives
follow me oh not even if anything olives
Brody the punch off
who doesn't love olives
now one
how are you Jess
okay so this is multicolored pasta
Parmesan cheese chopped bell pepper
onions olives salami and Italian
dressing yeah there's a lot going on
here it looks way better now that's
dressing bad huh yeah well we are almost
done for the day
Bridge amazing pasta salad I got my
horror block and so the end of the day
I'm going to tell a story the story of
the time grandpa would take us
soul-winning
so last week I told you about grandpa
and he would go to this church and he
used to want to impress the pastor's
name was Michael Haynes and he would
take us to sing to old people and all
this stuff well one of the things that
would have us do was called soul-winning
and the way you saw when is you go to
shopping centers and grocery stores and
in random houses and you knock on the
doors and you go up to people and you
try to get them to come to church and
you ask them if they're saved and it's
just annoying as it sounds because it
was hard working you know I didn't
realize when I was a kid how how
annoying I was being but I'd be going up
to people in the parking lots hi I was a
little kid do you know if you're going
to happen when you die and it's crazy
you know that they found I think that
this is overstepping for people to make
children do you shouldn't have kids
doing this stuff forcing religion down
people and and normally they would
listen to the kids oh oh I think so
little buddy how do you know I think you
should be baptized so it was crazy so
dad would take us to these places these
supermarkets the houses we'd go to
random houses knock on the door we'd be
like Jehovah Witnesses are you going to
heaven when you die and most people
don't want to talk about this stuff
anyway and we would have to have a
parent with us when we knock on the door
so they would get annoyed and sometimes
slam doors in our faces now excuse me if
dad has told this story on his channel
before because I'm you know he used to
talk about it all the time one time it
was my dad myself and the preacher and
we were going to this house and outside
the house was this big green van with a
snake painted across it and so we get to
the house dad
but in a blue coat he didn't say goddamn
actually the preacher was there but I'll
be no snick their preacher I'm telling
you that right now
better not be no snake so we go inside
the guy lets us in he's this guy he's a
long long brown hair and a big old beard
sunglasses and he looks like a bike are
you yeah well welcome to my house
so we get there and dad sits down and
he's sitting against the coffee table
and the coffee table has this like sheep
covering it and dad's talking to the guy
and dad's talking so do you know you're
gonna go to heaven or hell when you die
and the guy looks at dad and the
preacher well I'm going to hell and dad
the preacher looks at him well why do
you say that buddy and the guy looks at
him the devil told me the devil told you
that son what do you mean well we talked
about every night and he lifts the sheet
off of the table and it was a big tank
and there was a snake in it Neels to say
dad you have to flip very buddy baba me
and dad we're out of that house so I
guess this isn't as much as percent but
Allah this isn't as much as a specific
sort so I can't even talk this isn't any
kind of specific story this is just one
of the things dad used to make us do as
kids we would have to go to supermarkets
bother people while they're putting
their groceries in the car ask them if
they're going to have an ass with you
want to go to our church go to houses in
the middle of the night asked them if
they wanted to go to our church one time
the guy was a psychopath bridges play
the show without me not it not impressed
not impressed so they of Lanna so that's
gonna be it for the story we used to go
soul winning and soul winning is when
you go and bother people and ask them to
go to your church when they don't want
to be bothered they just want to get
home most of the time they'd say oh I'll
see you Sunday we'd never see them again
so that's it that's gonna be it for
today we got you know there's only a
couple of scenes in this blog but it's a
yeah it's about I don't think your dad's
coming tomorrow so I was like why so
tomorrow is the 4th of July looking
forward to it grandpa's gonna be here
you try to tell me about 24-hour bug I
know you fuck
you ain't got no 24-hour bug got
cupcakes I know you lying about it you
ain't got a 24-hour bug yeah you um he
always comes out with some time now me I
got 24 Oh has to be the 24-hour kind
I'll see you tomorrow so that's gonna be
it
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe nice job on that pasta salad I
guess oh yeah oh you guys hey Syd
Michael where is it let me get a bite
before the conveniens here we go let's
go oh yeah he's very good actually
hmm so that's it
wipe subscribe and fourth of July
tomorrow
