what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and today is way n Wednesday
and it's also the day that I put out the
video that's probably going to humiliate
me but that's fine I'll be humiliated
but first let's go ahead and get my
Wednesday way and done last week I was
339 pounds so let's see what that is it
okay let's see what this is 337 point 0
so that is 2 pounds yes it's something
I'm trying to get out I got down to 333
at one point trying to get down further
Rebecca's I want to lose weight so when
I go fly to New York for my sister's
wedding I'm not huge so here we go here
we got no why I always say that here we
go so anyway Wednesday weigh-in 337 so
this is the table that we have for 4th
of July how does it look this is what it
looks like that's what it's going to
look like they didn't have those chairs
we had to buy some temporary chairs but
they're nice chairs good country so
gonna be in the process of putting the
table together and moving it to the
backyard for the 4th of July festivities
here
this is Doug's opportunity to kill me
for dating his daughter it was an act
and I was opening a box it's on camera
well Cindy did sell my shower
well here is the table I love it another
two it's really nice
is Michael in camera table
well the new video is up me wipe this
off and I'm getting nothing but comment
of how how big of a bitch I am oh how
could he how could it first of all I
don't bite now I have I have fought I
fought many times but I don't enjoy it
you know I don't enjoy being punched in
the face cuz it hurts
I don't enjoy hitting other people in
the face because it hurts them and I
don't want to hurt people I like I like
being sweet and nice
part of me knew the guy probably wasn't
gonna hit me cuz dad got this guy
- obviously prank me but he could hit me
he could hit me and I don't want to be
hit my face is already chiseled
beautiful and perfect I don't need any
imperfections - this right here so I
didn't want to get punched in the face
they don't wanna break my glasses I
bitched out I admit that I was scared
and I ran so yeah I got scared I bowed
embarrassed myself but if I got hit I'm
heading back that's the thing if I get
hit I'm gonna punch back I'm not just
gonna get punched in the face but I'm
not I'm gonna do whatever I can to get
out of the fight from happening to begin
with and that's sad okay for people who
just are quick to punch it they're the
problem you know it was that was
fighting that's not how life should be
true fix the situation and don't fight
glide down Oh God
get down that was it humiliating do you
would you want me to get my face beaten
in makeup be a tooth knocked out I have
a big fear about losing teeth do you
want me to lose them so hit back
burchett and don't let him hit again he
didn't hit me if he would have hit me I
would have hit back I'm not gonna get
punched and not hit back but I would
like to avoid the situation from
happening
why get into a fight if you don't have
to you're right oh sure let me just lose
I'm here for no reason why is he invited
again oh you invited him that's true I
invited Greg to the cook Friday and
Grandpa's gonna be here and um like
y'all have something else point don't
you michael is cooking on the grill for
Greg don't say it like that cuz that's
not true
that's pretty much not you personally
you invited we were already having the
cookout I'm cooking for everybody you're
cooking for everyone but Greg is gonna
beat your food how does mother fuckin AE
however and um you're going to shit off
fireworks for good you've seen me get
into a fight you see me choke somebody
no it's to Michael actually really can't
fight I know he looked like a little
bitch you saw me but he really does have
some balls when someone hits him in the
face nice you saw what happened so hot
I'm not gonna get into the details but
somebody was talking to Bridget and they
said oh oh something about fucking
Bridget in front of me and so I broke
his nose I choked him out on the ground
it was so hot I was covered in blood I
don't like that I don't like the sign of
me you see later that night Michael got
a little something-something cuz I was
just like oh I got most awesome the
other night I know I know it's just
saying I'm just saying it was like a
really big turn-on so yeah he can fight
for real he can actually five point is
if I don't have to fight why fight
because fighting should be a last resort
because people fight too much there's
too much war love yeah you know too much
hey I live together
seriously I don't believe in fighting
that's my thing I don't believe it
enough I get hit I'm fucking fight
cuz I can't I have an anger problem that
I can't control myself that's my biggest
issue when I get if I get angry yeah I
know yeah he doesn't stop so what had
happened was like well really it was
what I really did was I
think they got a break yeah yeah really
hang I cut him a break
well when he did fight for me so hot
again um see somebody had told someone
so that's why Michael had to stop but
the guy was actually not breathing like
Mike was choking him and um I was so hot
I was watching and I like that saw it
dad was there yeah
goddamn Ivo Kayla goddamn motherfucker
get Michael but you got a game off and I
was just standing there while I look up
I'm like wait for somebody to get him
off like I don't kill somebody I'm gonna
Bridget so I have fought I don't believe
in it
m'little also there were some extra
stuff so let's go ahead and throw that
on there the deleted scenes of a
picklepuss
fuck it they are here it is he had an
axe what is this Oh pickle bitch it's
fine where were we trying to run two of
the street so he killed tonight you were
trying to run up the street how far did
you make it
not far I figured Rajiv is with me he's
at it got your knee boot all of it has
your skull written oh god dude
tonight I'm gonna make you my bitch wait
why you let her talk to me like I said
because it's time you learned your
lesson
besides he's on the table he don't give
shit huh you know people do anything for
money
like what like but you're nearby he's
smelling it he likes to smell cold steel
in the morning
- smells like old blood ah that fun of
you yeah
okay it's fine I get it I'll leave right
now
well that's gonna be it for today thanks
for watching you guys thanks for
watching
pickable humiliate himself if you
haven't seen that video the link is
below never gonna live that down
I don't care I don't mind I look like a
bitch but I didn't fight I stuck to mush
fuck it I'm not defending it I look like
a pussy so you're my pussy in my little
person hey yo picklepuss
that was a funny part that he said how I
want picklepuss we done yet so he'll be
over here for the 4th of July
um that's gonna be it hey nothin else oh
said okay like kicks your ass out front
bridge I told you if I do dad's gonna be
here I've already said if I if I get hit
I'm fighting oh yeah I'm not I'm not so
much of a pussy but I'm not gonna defend
myself from being fuck but I'm not gonna
know I mean if he hits you I'm gonna be
disaster if he hits me I still making my
ass be I'm not trying to say I'm some
badass who can beat everybody's ass but
I'm gonna fight back if I have to but I
don't foresee that happening he seemed
like a nice guy after the video was done
we talked and everything Rita anyway who
cares about all that north of July why
did I say that I don't know I just have
fourth of July because it's gonna be
fine food fireworks and fun triple F
fourth of July so anyway the could the
4x4 fun Bioworks food what else was
another far-off F is there an alcoholic
beverage there's enough Foster's and
heard Foster's Foster's Australian for
beer Oh
Foster's food fucking fuck waiting we'll
take that off say with any happen it oh
happy 4th of joy why am I saying this
4th of July is coming up happy all
for the July we have a storm passing
through here tomorrow that they're
saying could turn to a hurricane so
thanks for watching you yeah seven
o'clock
I can subscribe favorite I just told you
once I can hit a fight back we get away
from Bridget thanks like subscribe
favorite that's it it's crime
