what's going on you guys keep you had a
camera here I recorded that's so
adorable they've already seen it so
favorite isn't in a video yet
so anyway Bridget differ little intro
you just saw the dogs doing some beach I
haven't seen it she charges so anyway
we're on our way to Walmart and some
places we're gonna get some stuff for
the 4th of July we're gonna get so many
fireworks I can't wait we invited
grandpa over bridges mom has invited
over her grandma's been invited over I
even invited the guy that pranked me
that you're gonna see tomorrow night I
I'm trying to get friendly with this guy
so I know
I'm by the him over with my ID I was
like Michael please and fight them over
I don't you're awesome to be kicked but
anyways
fourth of July is coming up we're on a
way to get the stuff for it meet me
temple bar it would come on go now with
all that so anyway Bridget so fourth of
July is coming up we're gonna get our
stuff for it do you need me to light the
fireworks I said this is enough I saw
some you people wash your asses right so
you take a fucking bath now you fill
that tub over the water you put some
please smelly shit in it whose smell so
fine you're shitting all day long you've
been pissing all day long and you sit in
the bath water and it feels so good oh
my god
then you rubbing your titties you're
rubbing yeah your balls are rubbing your
legs and it was all out that one you
dumbass I don't even go in the river god
yes big dinner I don't want this shit
all over me but you will send your bath
and all the juices and all the farts
tanks bells on your ass come float them
to the top now here you are up to your
neck in ass water
you smell like ass so who you feel clean
you don't shit jump in the goddamn
shower let that motherfucker get rid of
it I need all the goddamn Chavez day I
get so goddamn bad what are you about
jumping in the water get my ass all one
with shit water so y'all take your bath
enjoy your shit smell cut is all over
your body well we just got back from the
fireworks and and I am glad of breath
cuz I just carried all this shit in so
okay we've got neon nights
night assassin Oh God went to this stop
this thing right here America what is it
America's best of the best so it is
gonna be an explosive 4th of July party
at our house oh man it's gonna be big
look at some of these things so that's
the explosions are gonna look like
hopefully so there we go things a casket
so that's our 4th of July fireworks I'm
gonna be cooking cheeseburgers
hamburgers hot dogs bratwurst Bridget's
mom is bringing a big baked macaroni and
cheese we're just making a pasta salad
baked beans
chips dip happy fourth of July America
that's coming up Friday of support of
July yeah so Friday 4th of July
Saturday grandpa and I and Bridget are
taking a trip up to Columbia so we're
gonna go into Columbia this Saturday oh
I think we're going to the barnyard flea
market where we used to sell I think I'm
gonna get a road trip video so if you
guys want to see for the main channel
Saturday a road trip video click like
otherwise I won't do it if you guys
don't want to see it but if you want to
see the road trip with grandpa road trip
trip to Columbia trip to the flea market
all that stuff click like and I'll show
that and I'll also have some stuff for
my channel that day so whoo Saturday
flea market Friday 4th of July so as I
say that's it
I'll be back I don't know where to say
I'm exhausted right now I'm sweating
sweating has got to be good are you guys
y'all ready for the 4th of July
well you see from that red ship yeah so
up in the right seat you put on flowers
she really don't like it and yes I
realize that it's called mulch I've
gotten hey Bella stay away from the red
shit around the flowers
yeah I know it's called mulch but now
but now it's fun to call it red shit
because I don't know what it's because
that's what I call the one I didn't know
so whoo
hey guys bridge of us here again I know
um okay so you know like Clyde had that
episode and he my favorite episode is
the episode well hey I'm talking about
Clyde here breaking this shut up okay
keep going
no my favorite episode is Ozymandias
anyway is Micah okay okay okay I tell
you get actually angry I'm what you do I
tell this story and you're not letting
me you're never gonna let me know you're
studying thank you okay
okay so your favorite episode of
Breaking better Ozymandias I'm just
gonna pause no okay go ahead okay so um
the other night Clyde a minor okay the
other night the other night Clyde puked
by himself it's the first time he's ever
puked by himself and successful he's
done it and without passing out or
following over with white guns I mean he
was like having issues um throwing up
and that's what caused him to fall over
and I don't even know if it was the
seizure or not but um what I've been
doing different with him is every I've
been feeding him twice a day and each
serving I load water in his food so he
drinks all this water and his purified
water at that as purifies you think yeah
yeah yeah and I'm so we successfully
vomited it was the same color as how it
happened with episodes and anyway so I
mean I'm really happy I think he's
improving he started to look better and
he's not getting it it's just in nobody
cares but I can cut so just now my
friend Isaac who got me the beta for the
iOS 8 and also the beta for battlefield
hardline has just gotten me the beta for
PlayStation now so I can try out
PlayStation now
now this is where I can play PlayStation
3 games on the PlayStation 4 so let's
try this out so here we go I don't have
to try it out this is the beta for
PlayStation and PlayStation now it's re
installed here we go so here this is
PlayStation now so it says to hook up an
Ethernet connection I should probably
try that for right now I'm not so let's
check this out all games what do we got
here that I want to try so this is all
the games that are here in the beta
Crazy Taxi
so this basically the way it's seeming
is this is like a Netflix for video
games so it's gonna switch to
PlayStation now in 10 seconds I'll show
a little bit of the intro but because of
the new YouTube rules that cannot show
the gameplay but I can't show you like
some of the stuff loading up and
everything so let's check this out
switching to PlayStation now so code
Veronica so so this is the main menu for
PlayStation now and they give you these
gaming options for steps right or you
can go to see all games and it takes you
to this full list of all the games are
currently available this is just a beta
list I assume what's the official you
know play fiction that was released I'll
have a lot more games on here but these
are just for the people to play right
now whoo this one order up is free which
I got the free game so it's pretty cool
to get some free options in here
alien Spidey is free Big Sky infinite is
free so this is pretty cool I really
really like this PlayStation now
so that's PlayStation now I'm gonna keep
checking this out a little bit and
thanks a lot Isaac you guys funny
getting to the 4th of July stuff huh
this is all our fourth of July stuff
we've invited a lot of people we don't
know who's gonna be coming either way we
got the stuff gonna just start putting
it up now gotta lure it into our fridge
thirsty lazy cause it is hot out there I
know oh go ahead drink I'm sorry
come here lazy here I'm sorry well
that's gonna be a fir today it's going
on 9 o'clock which I can't believe how
much daylight is around me for nine
o'clock nope
so anyway no okay so that's gonna be it
for today thanks for watching you guys
played PlayStation now thanks to Isaac
when got our fireworks when got our you
know fourth of July food people have
been asking me to address on video my
thoughts on John Cena winning the Money
in the Bank ladder match at the money in
the bank pay-per-view and it was the
right choice people are gonna call me
crazy for that it was the right choice
yeah you know would there be better
champions Cesaro reigns Wyatt yeah
they'd be better champions than John
Cena
but I don't think right now is the time
to give them those championships I think
we got to build Cesaro more I think
reigns has to grow more you know he's
still relatively a young w/e superstar
and I don't think he's grown enough to
hold the title it's looking like we're
gonna have Brock Lesnar and John Cena at
the SummerSlam pay-per-view which if
it's gonna be brock lesnar fighting
somebody randy orton wouldn't have
worked against john cena because he's a
heel you don't wanna have to heels by
each other and randy orton brilliant
ball off the face
john cena vs brock lesnar already had
their match at the Extreme Rules
pay-per-view and it was awesome that was
that was a match of the Year candidate
it was a great great match
so John Cena versus Brock Lesnar I'm not
upset about it I'm not upset that John
Cena's the champion
especially because probably it's only
temporary he's a paper champion it's
gonna get forked off to Brock Lesnar
soon because he is the man that defeated
the streak so that's all I gotta say
about it John Cena not a bad choice and
that's gonna be it thanks for watching
you guys
happy Tuesday like subscribe favorite
you put your hand yeah like that thanks
for watching you guys
