what's going on you guys keep being a
camera here and today is Sunday which
for me means WWE money in the bank comes
on tonight
money in the bank on pay-per-view comes
on the WWE Network tonight so that's
exciting
I'm happy about that so last night after
I put up the video with dad in his bed
and I started saving my vlog I decided
that I was going to go prank dad huh
it's the prank that I tried to do last
time we're Bridget turn the light on in
his face where I was gonna steal all of
his crap yeah whoo there that didn't
happen so dad pranked me last night and
this is gonna be an embarrassing video
I'm not excited to upload this one I'm
gonna upload it Wednesday Wednesday this
videos going up the only reason I'm
waiting till Wednesday is because I just
put the video up last night so I'd like
to give it a little time for the video
to actually be viewed and liked and all
that stuff so once that's happened I'm
gonna upload it which is Wednesday but I
will show you a clip Union you chase a
gunshot because I'm doing more friends
Chuck even better okay come on yeah keep
pushing me around who's this hey what's
up people dick that's awesome that's
just water video jacker yeah right see I
was in that video and then I got it off
hello oh I was gonna do and they told me
old bullshit you put into what you do my
ass before anyone is this your father
vehicle bitch am I got it daughter Greg
oh my I got him supremely wouldn't tell
you late so that guy uh it was
embarrassing I'll admit I humiliate
myself in it part of me doesn't want to
upload the video like party was going
maybe I should him like maybe I
shouldn't even tell anybody it
like maybe this part shouldn't be in my
blog tonight but it will be it's gonna
be uploaded but I gotta give it to that
that was good oh well so oh sunday money
in the bank tonight looking forward to
that last night dad did his thing to me
his little prank thanks to my friend
Isaac he got me a betta betta to the new
iOS iOS 8 so I'm going to show you one
pretty cool feature that's on the new
iOS so first I'm gonna hold down this on
microphone okay I'm talking right now
sending Isaac a voice message Isaac I'm
recording this for my vlog I want to
show them the Rays to talk raise to
speak feature on this so this is me
sending him a voice message where this
is a new way the text if you don't have
time to text you can just do talking so
listen to okay I'm talking right now
sending Isaac a voice message I think
I'm recording this for my vlog I want to
show him the Rays to talk raise to speak
feature on this so this is me sending
him a voice message okay he just played
it so he is going to respond to me okay
he said something in rofl now I could
hit play but what I'm gonna do is raise
to listen so I take my phone and put it
to my ear and his message starts to play
let me play this cuz I don't think he
heard it so he said this is be
responding what's up white chocolate so
now I'm just gonna put this to my ear
again and I will talk again it'll just
record for me you called me white
chocolate uh you know my viewers are
thanks a lot Isaac you call me white
chocolate and this automatically just
sent to him when I took it off of my
here so that's a feature on the new
iPhone
I'm not the new iPhone this is just a 5s
but the new iOS iOS a that's one of the
pretty cool features there's a lot to
look at this - you know the photos have
a big upgrade to it and you know it's
really cool you know it's awesome
thanks for the beta Isaac it's pretty
great thank you
so one thing I can choose to let him
keep them or knives you can see they're
not there anymore and as I was stopping
and making something to eat
he sends another one so let's listen to
it oops they coming you gonna be
marshmallow so I'm just sitting here
watching money in the bank so money in
the bank is on right now we were in the
Money in the Bank ladder match looks
like Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins are
gonna battle it out so this is what I'm
doing right now
pay-per-view night if you don't got the
Deborah W Network get it so chill you
don't glide you were sitting next to me
coming up good me and Claude are gonna
watch wrestling for a little while which
thing about that glide no bellows
Scouten or as in front of the TV Bridget
she's scooting her ass in front of
wrestling wrestling makes me want to
scoop my ass on the carpet
god damn breath to make my ass itch I'm
gonna scoot encircled until it's over so
close want to change it so we heard up
from the van oh sorry Bella the vet told
us that Bella scoots are asked on the
carpet because she needs her anal glands
squeezed
Oh Bridget you're in business
and it was so nasty oh my god
yeah the vet toy bridge had to be
squeezed bellows anal glands and she had
no choice but into it it was really good
belly other thing to say to mama mamas
keeps my aunt going
nope except you guys you all ready to
watch the Money in the Bank World
Heavyweight title main event ladder
match for what you Bella must be know
well that's gonna be it for today I'm
waiting on the main event - money in the
bank which it looks like it's gonna be
starting relatively soon so happy Sunday
you guys thanks for watching Wednesday
comes the new video throwback Thursday
grandpa has his ask grandpa coming up
Thursday and mailbag Monday coming
tomorrow there's a lot coming out so
anyway thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe yep she's awake and she's in
the vlog you thought you got away from
regime' there she is
I'm right here you can't escape me
that's not a nice way to put that it
sounds scary ooh man event starting
pretty soon so thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe faith Oh favorite
and that's it
