what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here edge of us here Burchett
West is right there
now here here let me grab yourself a hat
what's 100 where today where the Fred
one went why that hat is a house I
didn't do a vlog yesterday because I was
working yesterday was insane one of the
busiest days ever had plus I've been
having a problem with my Sony Vegas
almost forgot I had it with the other
day I was saving the video and it took
three hours to render which never taken
that long so that's been war ism so I
decided not to mess with it let it rest
for a day but Here I am again oh is a
Saturday or Friday Saturday happy
Saturday happy Saturday everyone happy
Saturday I chose for us just one way to
Dad's house right now we're gonna film
the Monday mailbag video mail back
Monday so we're gonna do that video
looking forward to it actually I heard I
got a letter
did you I heard I got a lot of magic on
a letter from mailbag Monday I got the
letter it's about time it's probably
fuck off think Richard stank
one way to Grandpa's house right now so
here we go
well dad called me here he was fixing
his bed and he stuck me in the shower
and farted who knew that was gonna
happen I remember you so better you
gotta say well let me tell you something
that wet let me tell you I coulda have
yeah I can tell I can smell it now wet
feel just I know I smell radiating from
you go the wet know they're wet Michael
look hey stunk
it's the wet
oh well match your friend oh my god it's
cold
Oh God sour good you did that
what's up done oh nothing where's the
fishing trip still in the planning
stages over your advice and I was about
to say can I come
no I don't want an arrow oh no no we can
always Chum the water swimming oh yeah
big catfish with legs of fat juicy
suckled no catfish where I go really
yeah whatever you have you use me as
bait or something just won't get on here
what is this put you out here in a tuba
dude what the hell's of to do it sounds
horrible oh that's one for you at
Jupiter yes oh my god Nigerian real nice
so we don't have to turn into a lake or
something that's - River River river -
get in
how do you know what to do is three
years old up in there you got just
smelling touka dude I like my ass
hey you're a smells like - dude your abs
and you feel like Jupiter yeah cuz I was
gave you a hug when I got in here yeah
there's my thumbnail Doug holding it up
he winked in me it looks sexual hey
night oh I would hate to know what your
tongue smells like good what is this
home smell okay well I'm leaving dad's
house right now bridges dad was there
and it was very bizarre haha it was nice
scene you knew he was there did you know
nope well Doug was there that was odd so
I seen your dog they seen you daddy
nice sheet out so Doug was there and
they were like fixing grandpa's bed or
something there or something yeah
apparently when I jumped on the bed I
ruined and I was gonna pot under it and
it looked crazy dude he really looks
messed up
so dad bed is messed up
I'm gonna get him another frame I gotta
find out where to buy them from so I'm
gonna get grandpa a bed frame you tell
me was another bed all I broke was to
frame some I got some cheap ones at Big
Lots Big Lots I don't wanna get cheap
ones don't get a sturdy one dirty and
cheap
that's that on my way home now I'm
exhausted actually cuz even after I was
done filming we sat there and chilled
around for a while it is 10 o'clock at
night I don't know why didn't even pick
up the camera again your dad was talking
about fishing and that'll be a fun video
if I can do I'm afraid to go on a boat
though after what happened we got I
don't know that uh write me and messages
and tell me if I've ever told the story
about the time we got trapped on a boat
because it hit like a stump so let me
know if I've ever told that story before
and if not I'll tell it in a couple of
throwback Thursdays because I have one
planned for this Thursday it's about the
time we went soul winning and that means
we would go on a bus and Grandpa we get
us all on the bus and we'd go to
supermarkets and we go ask people to
join the church and if you don't worry I
don't know if you realize how hard it is
to get people to come to church so
that's what's going on like play us to
the end of the video well does he like
subscribe favorite on the way to the
house well hey there Clyde excited we're
home
look at that Bell Hey I mean excited
assassin
there's my bell Hey
we were just a ninja gam pause hell so
dad and Doug are hanging out and chillin
and being friends and talking about
fishing trips
oh ho house is a little messy we're
gonna clean it soon
yeah tomorrow morning and yes a bridge
is cleaning it help this one how's your
back feel so oh well I'm glad dad and
Doug are friends I think dad needs a
friend
tink so dad's got a friend we think what
your dad and my dad being friends I
think it's cool
my dad has put up a shit like you see
here yeah I noticed the friendship is
like on the line today hey how're your
friends your wool don't talk to me so
don't ever talk me GIMP but that ass
when when dad doesn't give us way with
friends that's how it is funny Jeff I
love booming no don't make it so your
dad now has to put up with that unless
doesn't want anymore
we'll see here do you think your dad
could kick my dad's ass course I don't
know man dad gets crazy he got weapons
yeah my dog food sauce I think maybe
they came down to a fistfight Doug could
kick that - but Dad don't keep no fair
fight he'd a gets punched in the deadly
grab a hammer okay your head what do you
think Doug does his response to dad
grabbing a hammer run him over in this
job you think your dad would run my dad
over oh yeah you're gonna get a hammer
why not the deck of your game dad could
be picking up the hammer - want to boil
it nail aboard I'm a half done to help
me with uh Wow you don't know what's
going on
a friend okay so if you grab a hammer
Doug runs over that's just hot edge know
if you got a hammer and run out up hey
do I need your help with this Wow
so dad don't
- Doug for any kind of house for evasion
no you know what I need as a car Doug
with a saw hey Doug get together I was
being bright and I stood my ground
please hey mr. president of course I can
make it out to washed in DC to the White
House
yes mr. president
I got 500 president oh my god
no way Brock Obama nice kid behind
camera he's subscribe hey mr. president
um but oh hey my baby side vision
yeah toy I'm sorry I'm sorry I won't do
it again
coming out ladies nice whoa
