you got a gun there Jerry give me in oh
god you're my back Oh got him what
happened I heard something pop well
today it's throwback Thursday dad what a
neat throwback throw you back throwback
Thursday every Thursday I tell an old
story last week I told the story of the
time last week I told the story of the
time that I turned off the breaker to
the house on y2k and you like three jars
of shit in the yard and made you think
the y2k bug happened this week I have
another story you know what I'm gonna
tell this one later when I get home the
other day Kim told a story on her
Channel and I'm gonna tell another
version of her don't know why this is
true
y'all lie do you remember when we were
children when you would go to nursing
homes and take us to nursing homes we'd
have to sing you rember the shit and you
would preach do the song
we did all kinds of songs let's do this
little light of mine I'm gonna let it
shine this little light of mine I'm
gonna let it shine this little light of
mine I'm gonna let it I thought you
could sing with me I'm gonna sing on the
vlog tonight okay okay this little I
would think with me saying no why are
you doing it yeah how about this one
here's the other one
we did we did we did also did Jesus
loves me and we also did he got the
whole world in his hands he got you and
me brother in his hands he's got I'm
sorry
well you got the little bitty baby Ethne
in his hands he's got the little bitty
old in the name of a tall Haman be he
old he got a little bit all right that's
enough go home and his hands he's gonna
make our little Betty baby god oh my god
why did you make us do bad there's a
time though that we had that damn old
preacher well Dana Haines yeah he had
everybody Keller
bamboozled thinking he was the second
you know and you couldn't do nothing
without him boy they'll cut culture yeah
we'll give it all Sunday do it all
Sunday how about the old man used to
coming to church every day that wasn't
sure I'll give it to him that was a
strange one
never saw that old man walk before
variabilities oh boy you a stroke but
then the preacher I guess he'll the
Millicent's are running around the
Jewess stroking he be stroking down that
church saying oh Jesus I love you Jesus
I love you Jesus I hate what run around
that church behind one god damned layer
has him what he's smoking this little
wheels on the bus go round and round
round and round round and round
remember the books we sing on the bus
you towards the church bus we send all
kinds of thought there was a farmer had
a dog and bingo was his name-o ing ing
ing yo and by me was his name-o what's
going on you guys kid behind a camera
here and I am laying in bed right now
grandpa is on his way to pick up his van
right now from Cruz Chevrolet so I am
coming home I don't have to work today
it's my day off so I'm going to sleep
I'm gonna take a nap I don't ever get to
take naps naps is just not something
that I get to do anymore so I'm gonna
take advantage of the time I'm gonna
take a nap while grandpa goes to deal
with Cruz Chevrolet and gets his new van
or whatever
today was the ask grandpa which is what
you saw at the beginning of this video a
dad answered a fan letter so that if you
want to see the link is below somebody
wrote him a letter and he read it and
gave some advice so if you want to check
that out the link is below and right now
I'm gonna go to sleep until dad calls me
and tells me that he got his van so good
night I just turned the light off and
bridget has these new darkening curtains
in the room so everything can look
really dark and if you can listen it's
raining so this is the best kind of nap
I'm gonna I'm gonna go to sleep but the
Rann going and that's really cool in the
house it's hot outside today so dad
enjoy giving your van call me when you
get it I'm here at Cruz Chevrolet to
pick up my new van that Michael and he
was Astari kids what he's doing he's
watching the video took a car salesman
to make him happy
hey if y'all need a car y'all come here
if there's a cruise Chevrolet in your in
your area go there because the people
are friendly they're not stupid I really
can't say what I want to say cuz there's
a lady present
you know grandpas don't do that JD by
Ryder piece of crap don't go there
so no way I'm here and when I finally
get my van you will see it like I say
the salesman here are super fantastic
they treat you like you're a human being
not a piece of crap that just walks in
off the street why do y'all treat me so
bad oh yeah wait no the new grandpa
mobile that's the new mobile oh yeah we
better look sweet too
I mean the window comes up and down dang
weird that rear one that should pop open
but this here just goes up and down like
a regular front once again
you hit these bugs right here he hit
there right there and it should
automatically open up for you take
convinient whole grand cause will be
shit in Hakata if I found one damn
vagina spider I'm coming back I find any
p√°ginas about you is your grandpa happy
what's your name no you bet I can say oh
you Pig god damn god damn how we get
away from you you scare me this year
anyway that's the new mobile young uns
having fun Bella
it's not even your ball what you doing
is just not yours that's lazy is that
lazy's pole that's all ball well we're
on our way back to Dad's now he finally
has the van so gonna go good seek go to
Google I couldn't speak they're gonna
Google then I go see the band so here we
go and then later on I'm gonna tell the
story the time grandpa was a nursing
home pastor so that's coming up lazy she
doesn't want to give this up does she oh
my god we have the back please
holy crap I love it I wanted judgment
Oh what you doing Open Sesame
who's got me go electronic door opens
yeah Wow check it out Oh me got me some
Bluetooth what's Bluetooth it's like
systole yes you can answer your phone in
the van or you can hook the songs right
up to your phone dude
you're opening this up with buttons and
stuff what buttons may close the door
with a button closes whoa what what what
about that door oh you what you closed
every other door expecting I do so much
damn hands look at the key wow it feels
comfortable and feel it feels different
the other fan
Russ great
chimneys need a ride this is certainly
arrived
I love it
my host shit bars right here you'll be
picking those sleeves off breaking I'm
holding us that when you drive
recklessly see it's 94 degrees in here
out there tells you the outside
temperature Liam I listen store and
stole and go I can put a body in there
oh now dad has a place to hide his
garbage yeah you know the body you how
much you pose for the thumbnail oh yeah
I want to give a shot of you sitting in
front of the vampire your thumbnail
you opening closing the doors so much
that the motors gonna wear
all right grandpa doing the thumbnail
you don't you want to do was try another
pose yeah I can't be using out I made
love with this yeah go ahead
okay okay do one more different place
well I goddamn model yeah I've done
enough no Jesus don't enough but that
you're done cut it off what the hell is
it find out Jesus Christ
sesame chicken gentlemen
rice well you got what you want see you
know what who cares
you got a seafood rice rice rice make
sure they're all fried yeah I'm feeling
fun gonna light nice chicken chicken Oh
God Chuck white rice huge Jews on white
rice hello hey I'm sitting here with dad
filming I was just about to tell the
story that you said last week I was
gonna dwell more into it about when dad
would take us to nursing homes and we'd
sing and stuff so I'm here now I'm here
with dad I'm gonna tell the story in a
second this was Kim's story it's
actually really odd that you called
right now that was just about to tell
the story all right right so I wanted to
tell the story of the time dad would
take us to nursing homes to make damn
stores
it's just throwback Thursday it's what I
do so throwback Thursday dad used to
take us to nursing homes when we were
children what it was he would want to
impress the pastor of Trident Baptist
Church is that right yep he did all
kinds of free work for the charts like
installed their air conditioning units
for free so dad wanted to impress
Michael Haynes the pastor to try to
imbibe discharge and so every weekend
twice a weekend Saturday and Sunday
a dad would take us to nursing homes
where he would preach I know everything
all talking about he didn't know
anything he would preach and then after
he was done preaching we would sing a
series of songs followed by a meet and
greet with the old people all I would do
a slob role in your new way
so there's dad standing in front all
these old people on one Saturday
afternoon Sunday morning and he don't
know what the fuck he's talking about
and the Lord said unto thee thump them
about God I think and that wasn't that
abrasive he wasn't that bad at it but he
wasn't talking about the stuff that a
real preacher would do he's just so
dad's just talking and rambling about
church stuff these old people are ma'am
a man and then after it's all done dad
gives us look alright time to thing and
so me and my brother and my sisters and
a couple other kids that we would bring
with us would sing it'll be this little
light of mine I'm gonna let it shine
then of course when we're done with that
it's an encore performance he's got the
whole jay-z with beat his head with me a
little bit with my supper that's good
he's got the little bitty baby and his
hands he's got the little bitty baby
meanwhile this old lady's got a little
bitty baby in her hands children
it's like a zombie and it's not that we
minded doing it because you know it
really was the brightest part of their
day it's pretty crazy
they didn't have any anything going on
and you know we were the brightest part
of the day and I didn't mind it
what are you doing it's gonna save me
today I'm not golfing
it was sad that these people would be
left neglected and people wouldn't come
and see them and we were there and we'd
sing to him and that much I appreciated
what I didn't like his when dad would
choose this section of the nursing home
where all the really messed up people
were or where they would try to attack
us and bite us one lady trying to bite
me with her gums one time she
I was like dad she's attacking me
speaking of gum let's take a look at
that gum this chicken leg oh you got
teeth in well so dad would preach to the
to the elderly and we would have to sing
to them and they would grab us and pinch
us and call us names they were mean it's
a little fat one you know they would
talk about us and even you know still it
was the bright part of their day and
Luke's me back on it it's not as bad as
I remembered but it was crazy dad had a
sing and he would preach and then he'd
go home and smoke and drink ah yeah go
against exactly what he just preached
how you like your man dad come on I'm
about to leave thank you you're welcome
you want to leave
yeah I need to rest now all right dad
I'm gonna get out of here now thanks for
the grub yeah yeah yeah so thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe scream
favorite favorite
subscribe right there Canada well you
gonna share when this camera comes off
oh yeah
oh that's seafood I don't want any like
subscribe favorite and that's it
