what's going on you guys keep behind a
camera here and do I look 15 years
younger or nod that cream did wonders
for my face if you didn't see last night
I used bridges anti-aging cream and I'm
not sure that it worked for me and here
goes the fogging of the lens again it
looks again like this is like one of
those rest in peace videos and it's like
I like one of those cloud effects over
it like this is slow motion again so dad
called me a minute ago said he wants to
come over it's actually raining out here
so this sucks rainy day but who cares so
wait you want to borrow Never Land
yeah I don't get it why could I lie you
can't Disney movies is there I get a
bowl of popcorn and and I'm in my
underwear
why well I'm telling you what to do and
I said right in the middle of the bed
and I got a big big ol jug at belly wash
here yeah where's a belly our dream
drink yeah it's called a belly wash I'm
gonna get it because it washes my belly
watches everything down so I get a
handful of popcorn hey I keep that belly
watch and I'm watching Disney I like
this
voodoo woman booty wow man yeah that's
all I did I never heard of it who'd you
get a forget your rock was Rocco Rock
Rocco Rocco what whatever where you
gonna cheer rock at what it's like Jay
Z's clothes who jay-z jay-z who the
rapper jay-z now I know you've heard of
jigs never jay-z
you're lying no I I don't keep up with a
shit you've never heard of jay-z before
No
honest to god I really don't know who
Jay does he is I got 99 problems but a
bitch ain't one
you called me a bitch now I put up you
know I was I was editing to my blog up
the other day you know do you remember
when you gave me the chicken feet soup
yeah it was good yeah I'm sure it was uh
there was a scene in there I never put
in there for I don't know why I didn't
but like I called your mama bitch these
are beating on me you called my mom a
bitch no I was like the bitch could
and you start slapping the shit out of
me do you ever late what happened is uh
you were talking and I said the bitch
could cook go call my momma goddamn
bitch understand me I did he was no
bitch I your mama was a bitch I agree
with you I just said the bitch cook cook
my mother was not a bitch okay stop it
what they say you call my mom a bitch
I'm trying to tell you some bitch
she'll never a bitch you're a bitch your
mother was a bitch but not my mama your
mom wasn't a bitch oh yeah fuck you I'm
going on oh don't let me know there's a
total paper that's not let me show you
water for the first second don't go any
of the night I've been I
guaran-fucking-tee you I feel like that
accrues took a bath
oh hey Bella just walked in and saw
Belle sitting on the Ottoman how you
doing okay Clyde
you ruined Bella laying down on the
Ottoman or no Bridget did so cool
getting scared
so Belle was laying up Q and then
Bridget walks in that she's freaking out
well we are at the Verizon building
because I am getting a new phone I want
a new phone I gave this HTC One m8 a
chance and I'm not saying I hate it but
problem one is it unlocks itself in my
pocket and even though I have you know a
lock on key where you have to type in a
code to get in it still unlocks while
it's in my pocket it sends people
through phone calls and pictures and
because I mean there's always an
emergency it's possible so I'm getting a
new phone I'm getting going back to an
iPhone go check out the 5s so I'll be
back in a few minutes with a new phone
well I'm leaving Verizon right now and I
have iPhone 5s I also went ahead and
switched dad's phone on his account so
he actually doesn't know that he has my
old HTC One m8 he needed a phone the one
he has now is piece of crap it's like a
droid from 2005 every time he gets a
text message I so I'm gonna surprise him
with this phone he doesn't know he has a
yes so that should be fun
grandpa's new phone so I'm gonna give
grandpa the HTC One m8 took what a month
old now I just I'm an iPhone person man
I can't help it I am an iPhone person hi
telling you Joe you ain't told me shit
I'm talking for just a second what are
you doing
ladies and gentlemen this is how you
break angry grandpas phone we're joining
goes to the fucking blast man when you
broke my then what broke you broke my
phone yeah I got that phone bitch
you go buddy Thanks are you goddamn
stupid you could do dumbass dad I'm here
boom oh my god you're boom there you
dumb you know let me get off me dude
under age you can't do anything
you thought what the buddy doing I go
hold your shirt you can do without one
I'm gonna hang you so dad doesn't have a
cell phone anymore
yeah you'd be the shit oh well I'm a
piece of shit do you not remember
breaking my iPhone you don't maybe you
just got it babe love that yes another
you gonna break in the iPhone I don't
care
you go ahead you're like the burnt black
dude my back is the dad I ain't afraid
yeah it's my thought okay what do you
want to do I got you a flood phone I'll
go again
yeah well that boat
you shouldn't have broke my iPhone I
wanna die and die we go buy wine okay
what is this dipshit beat up up oh well
I'm calling it but yeah you got further
call so here we go
dad don't got no phone hello
no you don't got a phone no more yeah
you don't got no phone no more you broke
my phone I you bloody you deal with it
you should've broke his phone little
goddamn boy you broke my phone some
realism trailer park
well daddy got no phone oh my god damn
dude I did not damn this is your phone
now you're not going you broke my phone
back what you do one they knew its do
enough bacon its new enough hey new well
take it this is my father you go buy
yourself a new coat you'll give me the
old booze yet
two weeks old and still be doing here
take your new phone okay dad
give me the new bow I'm grateful get me
that new phone you don't like Apple not
like oranges here is your new phone
here's your Android are you pissed off
right now
we're bundle
when we turn on flight up no come on
what is it all this that's a passcode to
enter it and I'm not gonna tell you the
passcode and so you drew some respect
let's get out of here you can be able to
use the phone scene of the passcode is
it won eight out of every bug you you
happy I asked a question actually
talking to me
yep if you broke my phone welcome I will
never say thank you
you got a phone and you got a better one
in return I got knows all my numbers now
they're all in there I programmed
everything for you I got you I our radio
got your Facebook got your numbers thank
you let's go home
honey you're not it works good I can
tell you that I'm pretty sure he was one
of the kids to help robbed you on
Halloween actually you don't like any
you own the car dear neighborhood do
what you own the neighborhood hood
no he's losing the trailer park but he
brought my camera
I broke your camera I never told you to
begin with
you broke your phone oh you're smart you
want to leave now yeah got my house and
take your little your little what can I
call you take you to court would you
cowork court court cohort whatever I
don't want to leave
Jimmy's turn on the TV forum there's a
rumor to heat the Somerville spring walk
so he's been killing Tina try you
wouldn't believe the strength yet All
Right see you man
all right bye guys yeah boy you missed
me I got something Oh yo ass what do you
do that accent
