what's going on you guys keep behind a
camera here but us is right there she's
in the vlog today everybody so first
things first
happy Monday my busiest day of the week
I just put up the angle grandpa Monday
mailbag video the link for that is below
let me clean this off last night I
present it delete it seems and I
included some deleted scenes from the
chicken feet soup video if you haven't
seen that the link for that is also
below I didn't even realize I had it
until last night but I realized I left
out one of the scenes that I wanted to
include so let's go ahead and do that
now one more scene that I forgot to
include last night so check this out
did you ever see that I had this like
cardboard cutout of Whoopi Goldberg his
head and then I had in my house with my
hang of it on the wall no I have a
cardboard cutout of Whoopi Goldberg
it's from ghosts I got it remember that
Best Buy hapless tree that was closing
we were going out of business
yes Michael it was the best thought no
did I say best Mike
yeah a blockbuster there were others yes
there are a business and they were
selling almost a straight booze oh god
welcome to 1990 yo and etiquette says
you owe Heather sighs that'd be kind of
please rewind God they saw the sign up
so anyway it's from ghosts if it's this
looks like the scene where she goes
Molly you in danger girl who you mr.
Miley you've good bathrobes and they say
Miley said Molly no you said Molly - I
was kind I would I would touch the I
would touch that with a goddamn dog get
what a food processor like you can think
a blender see you're stupid isn't it a
food processor your grandmother with a
goddamn gun border tonight she's
processing the food okay he's a food
processor you see processed I ham salad
it was too damn salty you didn't eat it
bitch girl was so proud of that ham
salad oh I make the best ham salad
if I write a killer hood would you buy
my good but you would talk about having
a cookbook for years now and I still
have those he's done just but I did need
to put them all together now he's also
my recipes in there hey there's a
guardian and a bad boss cooking in the
trailer park with Grandpa and easy a god
get worried about pickle boy
you all have one word about bigger boys
you are this write your own goddamn good
luck I can't the one no you buddy did
not shut up shut up shut up
what wait what what what what what what
what shut up what okay what what am i
country-western burger vodka it go
country Westerberg oh right yeah you a
that you thought a key from a restaurant
Oh with my chicken fried chicken recipe
right your own mother's like a nut
nobody wants to buy cook you a pickle
boy no I'm gonna do it bigger boy but
they want to eat recipes that taste good
they want to cook my food you're right
that you don't he's in Cooper there's
God you reason I would have counted any
grandpa's cookbook and brought gloves
are saying fuck he can't cook I want
pickle boys he said bigger boy can't
cook ball Paulson yeah fuck that's a
bitch
jeez that motherfucker Wiesbaden why he
changed my salsa okay you know why he
beat the hell out of him why could he
want my goddamn burgers
somebody got paid a price good boy God
oh Jesus Christ guy I've heard my plate
who is that who know that's one of the
Bellas friends Jesus cuz I later bill
that twin I like to see some twincest
baby grandmas gonna pay me grandma's
ticket he's it motherfucker better hurry
up my burger and then motherfucker what
day
you don't wanna wear neon please
I hate that motherfucker he jealous that
I was here he said he's got the best
damn burgers in the whole damn town AGP
and I and he's talking about pickle boy
don't make it a couple try for child
what will happen to her
you bet that meat almost Disney girls
that own dizzy turned out like that yeah
you got that one who's dating Justin
Bieber who uh she's like a drug addict
or something now if you j-just BVB a
drug addict dude getting ready for
wrestling - come on I'm excited
Sunday night is the money in the bank
pay-per-view I was doing the Paul
Hammond boys for that if you couldn't
tell ladies and gentlemen my name is
Paul Heyman yeah you ready for this how
am i dr. Phil this is a joke member to
do where I'll do like a shitty
impression and she'll be stunned by ID I
do it I'll pretend I dance awesome and
show ha oh my god
so she H did a preview of what you just
set the moonwalk that's just something
we do we're geeks something clean this
because you know is it's like they
always say no matter how flat you make a
pancake saw it's got two sides so I'm
getting ready for wrestling - come on
not sure what's gonna happen tonight but
I'm excited for it Bridget tries to get
me not watch wrestling on Monday this
facts you know what sucks is True Blood
True Blood sucks that is a true boat is
a horrible show the premiere for True
Blood was last night and I forgot how
much I disliked the show so the show
started off good and I don't mean this
episode I mean the series True Blood
started off good but last night's
episode was just a travesty it didn't
even leave us on a cliffhanger
what is that it was alright True Blood
is a thumbs down to me it's it's you
know if one for the last season of The
Walking Dead that wouldn't got a thing
to because they were starting to fall
apart as well but anyway True Blood last
night that not that good but a good show
to check out last week tonight with John
Oliver
now that's an awesome show Bridget has
not seen it let me clean the lens up
again I'm getting sick of whatever
weather conditions caused me to keep
doing this so anyway the humidity is
fuckin me up so anyway so check out last
week tonight don't check out True Blood
and happy Monday everybody Monday let's
get this Monday started ha let's get it
started in here that's it it's all I
gotta say what do you want anymore god
damn it I just hate the fucking channel
for a while of Paul Heyman we're sitting
here watching Monday Night Raw that's
Paul Heyman alright who's that didn't
see your face you couldn't see it why it
was dark
okay don't you I'm Rwandan you better
not do it on Paul's face again this is a
DirecTV fail it's a travesty
you don't frieszo Paul Heyman's face I'm
just kidding hey you're not dad would be
very pissed off this was happening to
him right now
you freeze no god damn god that's one
sad bath for me okay so I want to do
something for July 4th and Michael is
all like I don't have a cookout because
I don't want to burn the food for my
family and I'm just like Michael you
know you've never freakin burns food
you're not gonna bring the food and you
know
you didn't hear oh my god they don't
want you talking put the camera down
Michael
seriously so Bridget has this fear that
she's looking older or she has a fear of
looking older or something so she puts
on this like aging dream at night it's a
whole bunch of putting on right now
are you doing filming here who's this
stuff that was afraid of this bottled
well bridges spent putting on her
anti-aging cream very same heels puts
them on me
mm-hmm I better look 15 when I wise
again you probably look well things like
four weeks or so okay well let's go Moz
I'm looking for 12 to 15 it's not funny
I better write without wires again shit
it's a water I'm fine let's judge me
come on okay I look 48 now well it's
hard to do on your face so here I am
putting on my eighth anti-aging cream my
whole face getting white a little bit
darling desi get all over your frickin
bar and everything Jen crazy if you have
a large degree action you wake up look
like you're beat up what we actually
just are vomiting and I died in my sleep
is that a side effect yeah
what yeah Dennis I'm verifying
everything
well if anyone wants a good eye cream
because I think they look old face is
burning right they recommend
Clinique hey is burning sensation normal
what the fuck she's burning my face off
right now well okay not that stuff the
Clinique might burn a little faster
burns
this stuff is not is on your head z-bo
effect
well that's gonna be for lame my face is
shiny because of my skincare so let's
watch stuff tomorrow so you don't get
like pimples cuz it's oily what I want
this up now as soon as I hit cut this
works so watch whenever I'm like 50 60
I'll still have this face I'm like 50 60
now so well that's it for today
thanks for watching you guys hope you
like the little extra clip I added hope
you like me trolling where'd you click
like if you liked me telling British you
shouldn't blog and you're gonna upload
on your channel so thanks for watching
you guys
so anyway my family what you hate my
family what would imply that cuz you
don't want to figure have a cookout July
4th um I said I don't want to cook I
told my mother and I told your father
that we're having there's too much I get
pressure when I cook for other people
bridge is one thing but when I'm cooking
for other people I put I cook tacos for
her cousin one time and I'm personally
with a war stock was ever I overthought
it and I fucked him up she only had she
had two tacos she's skinny
well sorry she should have like 12 and
then I went for more come here boy
friend had like 12 he did now he had
like three anyway fourth of July's
coming up thanks for watching you glass
uncle finish raw monday night raw like
subscribe favorite pickleboy Bobbi on
Twitter I'm always on Twitter so thanks
watching you guys
