what's going on you guys gibiatti camera
here and right now it is 3 o'clock in
the morning 3 o'clock in the morning and
you might be saying what is he doing
starting his vlog at 3 o'clock in the
morning for well I'm not what happened
is I started my vlog earlier apparently
I had not deleted any space on the
camera it told me I ran out sweaters how
I was going to free up some space and
delete some of the older videos and I
deleted all the videos I shot for
today's vlog so stupid me and yes I'm
saying stupid me I'm agreeing with you
guys for once stupid me I deleted all
the stuff that I did today which granted
wasn't much but it was something so the
first thing that I'm going to do just to
give this vlog some substance is put in
some extra stuff that I've lost or not
added in the videos over time so I'm
going to add some deleted scenes now
that's what I'm going to make this vlog
in to delete it seems extra footage just
stuff that I have that you haven't seen
I'm going to put in this vlog so well
that any further ado I know that sounds
strange here is some of the extra stuff
that you haven't seen tuned at your man
boot like a big spoon to go meet a spell
okay - okay
damn cutting you got a light
I got it I cannot see I swear to God I
can break him I'm gonna kill us on the
phone honey bug do you go to job mood to
hear you just Christ damn I need a bit
up here
damn what's this room
there's not even more of a fuel hole you
know that does it who the dollar like a
few Oh Holly Michael hear me sit down
good god why is that beer manual I don't
guess who I'm doing mommy do the bear
with me we got of your daddy
Oh take care you you really like the
items do yo yo Michael hey yeah yeah hey
yeah yeah usually you hear my heart
never you little boy yes yeah my big
baby hey I bought you lunch
oh I got yuzu ha I think you get me one
you know you a little boy why is she
filming this good I don't feel see I
could give I thought it's a shame you
never take care of me how do you get you
down a laid out you know your little boy
you'd be seeing your grandmama your
grandmama Nicky that chicken soup you
like so much
no yeah you remember yeah but that can I
be let you get ha ha hey comes up up
yeah you got on will if I do we talking
about hey when you are little boy your
grandmom make you kicking kicking right
so if you remember I got this from you
you're a man right
hey you'll be here to be out you know
you little boy of course I do
then I make the bitch could cook you
know my mama don't dick so I have a
question why are you really gonna make
me get a DNA test
I'm looking into it why are you doing
that I'm getting into it we're obviously
related obviously you got much out there
you bought a lot better whole well I
don't I'm not gonna answer that one way
or the other one I know I'm your father
or I'm you're my father
no come you're not my father you tell
you what I can buy I do
does not go with it you tell me where I
am by I don't even feel old bills you
feel for me
and then you call me up and and you jump
my ass tell me I was this that the other
daddy I felt like the Sun I still tried
to fucking Sun so I do pay his bills
because he doesn't know how if I then
pay your bills these lights will be off
and give it my regards just caught up
you pay my goddamn bill how many times
talking on video dad yep
you pay my goddamn cable bill and I
walked in Destin you pay the goddamn
right bill yet but you know my son good
vote a scary name but I don't have a
problem doing it but you're complaining
that I do it so you're welcome for
having a son that will take care of you
that's your job when the way you can be
my daddy
I'm not your daddy I pay your bills for
you that's the extent of it you treat me
like I'm a riddance stepchild Wow how
does that make any sense
I'm brown it rid of you forget it you're
gray-haired
you treat me just like a redheaded
stepchild that is not even true dad uh
Charlie dude that's what you call me
Charlie dude
Charlie it is Charlie knew that never
you don't do anything
Charlie do nothing I had your ass dinner
well you used to do a lot prolly did
something why I do anything I know what
you need to make dad what you're saying
it's all my your cookbook and stuff I
have a recipe Eddie I want you to you
can make it it's called chicken fried
chicken what is your chicken fried
chicken okay so you take a chicken brush
a big chicken breast which good oh won't
you batter for left let me finish let me
finish okay so so you take two chicken
breasts yep you flatten it and you may
almost like a chicken-fried steak and
okay quick deal with that you know it's
that true hold it let me finish okay
oh hey down hand down class man got a
knife yes okay so you deep-fry it and
you almost make like a chicken-fried
steak or or a schnitzel and you deep-fry
it all to let me finish and then
afterwards nothing you know what
schnitzel is what just as flat deep
fried chicken or anyway I'm speaking
right now so and you make a gravy to
milk this yeah you're a wiener shit
though I've heard wieners I never
sniffle I know you are a wiener
yeah but up your ass right now now if
you have seen that stuff my apologies
I'm going under the assumption that this
stuff hasn't been in the vlogs before
but anyway gonna try to do some stuff
now for the vlog see what I can do at
3:30
what's a much you tired oh how can I say
no to that huh how you doing what oh hey
hmm - camera what
oh you sweet tonight I lost all the
footage that film to you earlier how's
that make you feel that make you sad oh
you trying to freak out on me
Oh what's gonna do I'll make her think
I'm gonna sneak up on her and she freaks
out so the video we did yesterday with
the haircut has an overwhelmingly good
response so although it's embarrassing
and dad try to prank me and break the
Clippers and all that the support from
you guys has been awesome so seriously
thank you guys for sharing that video
and liking it and commenting on it even
though most of the comments are a while
he looks like a fat ass and he looks
like a lesbian
I saw one comment that said I look like
boo from orange is the new black if
you're know who boo is from Orange is
the new black check this out so that's
one thing saying I look like her oh cool
that's fine but anyway it's embarrassing
but still who cares
it happened what happens happened right
Bella what do you think don't look like
boo give me your paw Phoebe all right
boo Oh God
she thinks it so I'm going to end this
vlog here my apologies that one is too
short but it's going on 4 o'clock in the
morning and I'm exhausted this thing's
gonna be up at like 6 I got to stay up
till like 6 o'clock in the morning now
to edit and save and upload this thing
but thankfully as usual thanks for
watching you guys
this has been a relatively no Bridget
kind of vlog so thumbs up if you liked
it without Bridget so thanks for
watching you guys thanks for the support
as always sorry I didn't get a typical
vlog up for you guys tonight just lost
so much stuff and I don't know if I bet
Bella's happy what do you think well he
mad at me for deleting the videos you
probably think I'm stupid for deleting
hey thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite work on that 500,000
subscribers for grandpa so he has to get
his eyebrows and hair shaved and then
we're gonna work on the next one 1
million subscribers I got an idea I'll
talk about that when he gets his hair
shaved so I got a pretty good idea for
that one it's gonna be good so thanks
for watching you guys let me go and give
you my bald head thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite Bridge West
and that's it
