what's going on you guys queue behind a
camera here right there and hey guys
there that is the face of the person you
hate the most
so you we do love you guys
haters are not we love you guys honest
and truthfully Bridget and I right now
are watching oz we decided to rewatch oz
if you never seen it it's an old HBO
show we've seen the series a couple of
times it's amazing it's an amazing show
it's in my top 10 it's a great show so
if you haven't seen oz before check it
out it's about prison life and that's
when we just started episode 1 or by the
finish episode 1 my feels doing anyway
thanks was doing weird 1 talking
Mike Jim Ross so we're watching us right
now and good God Almighty is that
episode so watching Oz Friday it's
Friday so good old Friday watching oz we
just did a bland the block doing some
walking we're looking into getting some
exercise stuff for the house so we can
put this diet in overdrive so anyway
that's what's happening right now it's
Friday dad got me some footage on his
camera of him getting his van fixed so
I'm gonna splice that into this so let's
check in with dad getting this van fixed
hey now my baby being kind of running
right you know I mean so Bryan dae-jung
and he's check it out for me look what I
didn't breathe
I've been reading all that garbage now
look at the difference look at the
difference
no wonder my damn been running rough
Jesus right is it we the process that's
my mechanic a mechanic we're in the
process now of changing wires and plugs
and filters I love you said mechanical
machine is ass damn you call that all
justice makes it easier yeah this whole
plastic piece right here comes yeah
there's a nerd piece underneath Road all
that comes off to no lie just to do a
tuna
Jesus no lie yeah baller does omnia
that engine is dirty but nice you got
the right tool get all the fancy gadgets
me too
so the waves your wife would have to
come off everything I am it I'll be back
as we progress in the to the hangar
grandpa mobile so tomorrow is a day
grandpa's gonna cut my hair now looking
forward to it I don't know why I agreed
to it
I knew you guys were gonna click like I
shouldn't have even asked grandpas to
cut my hair now it's gonna rip it out I
know it it's gonna hurt it's gonna dad
has to do it if you do it they're gonna
lose their dad has to do it now I'm
screwed
if grandpa doesn't cut my hair I'm
screwed so I'm screwed dad has to cut my
hair hey you guys come here Bella sup
girl what are you doing today is your
Friday going girl huh
sitting here with Bella enjoying our
Friday here's a question I get a lot
lots of people have asked me what are
the tattoos that I have so these are my
tattoos some reason nobody's I guess
I've never I don't know if I've never
shown them or as people just might have
answered this before I'm not sure but
either way people ask me a lot what are
my tattoos so here we go this one is the
dark mark from Harry Potter and if you
don't know what the dark mark is here's
a picture and the other one is the
symbol of the Deathly Hallows now my
plan is to get more Harry Potter tattoos
I'm gonna get like all Harry Potter
touches because I'm a big Harry Potter
nerd so my goal is to get as many Harry
Potter tattoos as I can I'm gonna add to
this I'm gonna I can't add to this one
you're not allowed to touch that so
that's that's the way that is you can't
add any more tattoos to that but I can't
add to this so I'm gonna try to build
something off of this but I gotta think
of the right stuff to add to it so
that's that but this is the symbol of
Deathly Hallows this is the dark mark
not devil tattoos as people have been
saying pick up when worship the devil I
don't believe in the devil so I don't
worship him but anyway definitely
Hallows the dark mark Harry Potter
tattoos and that's what I got going on
it's calling you guys keeping any camera
here earlier Brigitte was a doggystyle
position and she was farting he's really
lying about that girls don't fart or
anything like that it was it was like
you I swear that I thought I saw like
heat you know like if you're in the
sunlight you see heat coming off the
road
that's what I thought I saw coming from
her ass that is not even true and all of
a sudden the temperature of the house
raised like it went there like 74
degrees in the house so they go boy is
taking a he's taking a dump now
would you look at that gap that is my
old spark plug these things have never
been changed that is the new spark plug
way about sorry about fire
you think it was time for a tune-up
really not a wise you need to put a wire
anywhere right doesn't that make sure
they match up with where'd it fit pretty
much you just got to get the right
lengths and there we don't have one wire
too long too short but why is a wire
right wires a wire except for the length
oh okay well I'll ask you about that
time I did that one time here light
never got that thing running right you
get them crossed between each plug got
one fire one cylinder fire when the
other one should be that's what that'll
call it it blows up new every day
I think we about there yes sir I Drive a
Ford and Ford stands for what does poor
stand for down on route de noÃ«l snail
fountain Road in poor stands for first
on race day chevy to ram that but boy
Aaron first don't read race day will the
wires are to the plugs are in the wiring
done now he's just plugging everything
back together and then a gbb move on
again yeah but up
I was gonna wrap something for a second
here ah don't start walking to the van
quiz bun and then the booogy booogy
booogy be I put the spark plugs in the
wires I did not see Hey ha a big weapon
hey that rhymed
anyway the band's done almost and I'm
gonna go home and I'll see you on the
next video bye young uns hey baby
welcome outside oh no come on shy Bella
would you think got the footage dag
Guinness being fixed he demanded I put
it in the vlog today what do you think
about it tambri Paul
give me your paw he loved grandpa's
video thank you so that was dad giving
his van fixed he comes over this morning
with the camera he's going with a Booker
put it in your blog and leaves what oh
god were just scared I thought she was
next to me and all I saw was the glow
from her cigarette over here and it
scared me that one
so dad dropped it up this morning
demanded that put it in the vlog today
which usually I like to do on Fridays
anyway that's Friday since one of the
days I like to insert some footage with
from dad's camera in there just one of
the things that I do so that was dad
getting this van fixed and I'm glad that
your vans running better dad not doing
as you put it collide is gonna be
getting some more tests done pretty soon
because of the little episode that he
had on us the all the blood work came
back normal I've said this one video
already but all the blood work came back
normal the next step is an MRI
according to Bridget so MRI next I got a
message from a guy saying to check his
thyroid but Bridget seems to think that
that would have been in the blood work
so I don't know I think he just still at
least asked but so Clyde is good a lot
of people in asking so Clyde is doing
good thanks for the comments thanks for
asking and that's gonna do it for this
vlog happy Friday
this was a very grandpa vlog he was in a
lot of it but I liked it I liked this
video
I liked him getting his van fixed so
tomorrow gotta get
this cutoff Oh God
I'm gonna looking forward to this cuz
dad does not know what he's doing the
reason I learned how to cut my own hair
is because he doesn't know how but
anyway that's tomorrow thanks for
watching you guys the smoke that you see
passing is Bridget
it's a coast so thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite so like
subscribe
you don't say subscribe to say favorite
so like subscribe that's it thanks for
watching bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye
