what are you doing what's going on you
guys keep behind the camera here right
over here and Bella there Walter white
there well you know Bella
yeah Paul I bail let you sit right there
so today is throwback Thursday and I
promised you two things one to show
Bridget's yearbook photos and two to
tell the story of the time I tricked
grandpa or y2k which is the year 2000 so
I'm gonna do both of those things today
but first let's look at Bella so we are
sitting here going through bridges here
books and we're way without of that we
were able to find here's six seventh
eighth ninth tenth five years of Bridget
so here we go this is really
embarrassing by the way number one is a
sixth ok sixth grade mmm
poori of hell
so that is Bridget's sixth grade picture
when I staked my age and told everyone I
was like 15 or 16 Oh No
there we go I'll fucking light so
there's Bridget and a kiss sure even
though she'd never listen to kiss before
ever it's like I got darker and hurt her
I'm so emo the thing is that black hair
I hated it so my mom got like 20 bottles
a blonde in my hair too like a box so
there's Bridget and this is 9 . yeah I
was 14 ninth grade and there it is tenth
grade Bridget
yep he and wider it's like I get lighter
over here no dark crap
yeah maybe I'm not fair email with a
little bit emo before but now I'm a
laughs Eva yeah you know well it's late
actually started the vlog pretty late
today I didn't pick up the camera until
7:30 most of the day I was sleeping I
just been super exhausted lately bridge
will woke up this morning I was sleeping
on the floor all those fit I was
catching up on Fargo which is an amazing
show
I found myself episodes behind so I'm
finally catching up so I can finish the
season because the finale was last week
so yesterday I asked people to click
like and if they did I would have you
cut my hair hope they click like so now
you have to cut my hair will you cut my
hair - shit but you what does that mean
sorry my razor no why because I'm not
trusting my head with all the razor
blade review you can use I just thought
everything razor blades or shave cream
you can use the Clippers you all have
you I got fucking onion mint or like a
gut you're cops you it you're like a
goddamn pure you know my hair is already
growing up so it already looks gone all
the way in the corner corner pocket
do you hit with a stick you said alright
okay so I just want to know will you be
gentle so you not hurt me sure my life
that's not a sarcastic you can't see my
fingers caught by my back can you are
you gonna hurt me when I hurt my boy
yeah you would ah everyone grandpa's
gonna crack me in the face with a pool
stick he says his
is a shave peeling an onion pretty soon
in the next couple of minutes I'm going
to tell the story of the time I prank
grandpa y2k the first thing I'll do is
explain what y2k was I'll explain what
grandpa was doing to prepare for y2k and
then I'll explain what I did to Grandpa
midnight on New Year's Eve
well actually New Year's Day technically
since midnight so anyway I'll get to
that in a couple of minutes just gonna
do a couple more things on the house
before I get to that but grandpa shaving
my head this Saturday look forward to
that I'm sure my scalp will be bleeding
for the end of it I think for even bulk
mascara come on go ahead get ah come on
I'm so bored hey mom good and what your
mouth Oh huh you're drawing right
hold it now then the story about y2k so
first if you don't know about y2k
basically and I and I have very little
understanding of this myself but the
idea was that when they first started
making computers you know space was
really expensive and so to save money
listen to this to save money they
decided to implement instead of four
numbers two numbers so 97 98 99 and the
fear was that when it hit two thousand
zero zero everything was going to start
over thus creating the beginning of
mankind again nothing would work which
really if you think about it sort of
makes no fucking sense
but everybody was a
a that the world was over that and
there's more you know a more intricate
reasoning about y2k than what I just
explained to you look it up
check out y2k everybody was terrified
that planes were gonna fall out of the
skies and and the world would go back to
the days were we had no computers or
phones or or television or and we were
going back to the 1800s and we were
growing our own food again and so
everybody was terrified
everybody was stocking up on shit for
the end of the world January 1st 2000
the end and dad was one of them dad was
one of those people that thoroughly
believed the y2k bug was gonna affect
everybody and he told everybody he could
imagine about it we'd go to the flea
market well you better be prepared can
you worry first the shit though oh jesus
is coming back every time dad watched
the news goddamn Peter we got making
much money for Kennedy thimble
y'all got how much of a Christmas dad
had a stack of water next to the door
that he was starting to build up next to
the water was a stack of jarred stewed
tomatoes kind of like what he has right
now for those of you who don't know
grandpa's mom died on December 25th 1999
at 6:00 in the morning
so Christmas morning his mom died so I
decided I wanted to try to lighten the
mood come January first because dad was
really in a bad way he had just bought a
chihuahua now we named pie
he was really deflective of anything he
wasn't really talking and understandably
his mom just died his mom was his best
friend
so she was gone and he didn't really
have much going on he wasn't smiling so
I decided I was gonna try to lighten the
mood a little bit
so dad had a stack of water next to the
door that he was starting to build up
next to the water was a stack of jarred
stewed tomatoes kind of like what he has
right now it was his belief that can
openers weren't gonna work stoves
weren't gonna work on us we had a grill
set up so he could cook charcoal and his
plan was after it happens to start
cooking stuff through pots on the grill
and try to survive best we could until
the government could find a patch to fix
everything or if Jesus came so there we
are
December 31st 1999 we're all watching
the TV the balls dropping 10 9 8 7 6 5 4
3 2 1 boom lights cut off I was in the
lines room to cut off the power breaker
but I could hear dad in the living room
going to happen it fucking happy Tita oh
shit that scrambling around the living
room guys damn fuck oh shit fucking in
the world
goddamn Jesus coming goddamn computer
fuck working you can hear firework
shooting in the sky behind us Oh dad's
no wonder fuck this you buy what for to
watch over dad starts taking the food
out of the fridge and putting it in a
cooler that he had set up with ice I
started laughing my ass off I could
handle it anymore Here I am hey Dad Shh
lights on
ha ha ha ha ha and I'm blurry and the
look on dad's face I'll never forget it
was unlike any look I've gotten on a
prank that I've gotten today he looked
at me
dad dad does this right here he looked
at me hmm
shit I couldn't do it and he just
explodes
you goddamn know good dick Nichkhun
mother fucka he goes on a rampage he
kicks to cool with all the food in it he
takes this thing of can jars that he had
stewed tomatoes and salsas and beans and
he tucks it at the front door for it to
shatter in the yard he slams the front
glass door and it shatters he was
absolutely livid that I was shut the
breaker off really I was just trying to
lighten the mood everybody was so
depressed I thought it'd be funny I was
laughing you know my cousin Jason was
there he started laughing we're all
laughing ha ha it was funny right no
goddamn wife authority by the focus find
you new place to live in the end he
laughed 3 days later they didn't talk to
me till then but it took him three days
to figure out the joke he laughed y2k
never happy
then as usual fear and propagated a
1-over angry grandpa that's the y2k
story
