what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here break your wife here no
really
Bridget's not home right now and today
unfortunately for me is Wednesday
weigh-in now last week I weighed myself
I was 342 pounds I didn't want to film
it cuz I don't know why it is you know I
didn't cheat on the diet you know I
didn't I don't know what I did but I
still gained weight so I don't know what
the hell happened let's hope this week
um and haven't gained so much more
I had Father's Day dinner with bridges
dad unfortunately so had to do that I
got ribs so 342 let's find out where I'm
at today
here we go Wow so that means I've lost
weight three pounds hey I'll take it
that's amazing hopefully this is now the
new routine of getting to lose more
weight cuz it's been getting ridiculous
so a lot of people have been telling me
to shave they said Michael get rid of
some of this so that's what I'm gonna do
I'm about to shave I was gonna say in
celebration of losing weight but I still
gained weight if you consider that I was
at 3:33 at one point regardless shaving
this shit off okay well I got all this
loaded on my face and it's time to get
it all up I look like Chucky right there
ah I don't know what point of Chucky
button anyway time to go and get all
this shit off my face don't you ever say
I just walked away I will always want
you you came in like a wrecking ball I
never bet so hard
oh I've shaved my face and as my worry
was this little scuff is now on my face
I hate shaving my face
I hate the way I look clean-shaven now I
was thinking about cutting all this off
please but now I can finish people spoke
yesterday they don't want you
interrupting me so yeah yeah right yeah
I was thinking what if I let dad shave
my head now I really don't want dad to
shave my head cuz I know dad
it's gonna hurt I know it but I hate
this anyway if you want dad to shave my
head click like your head could like
nobody wants you to shave my head Reggie
buddy diamond and you screwed it up
I can't do it you really shredded it hey
Bella Bella I'm running away from me all
day since I shaved my face cuz I don't
look don't you talk to me hey Clyde
am I am so Clyde got his test results
back yesterday today yep and um
everything's good everything's gonna
collide he has to get an MRI I got a
schedule lot I thought everything was
fine why is he a Mirai for to look at
his brain I thought everything you just
said everything was fine
well that was fine I'm not gonna I guess
up looking Dennis carry him now talking
to them I don't scare you
okay a little you know me doing that
little reminds me one time I went to the
movies I don't know if I've ever told
this before so one time I went to the
movies with my brother and my cousin
Jason and we wouldn't Lisi resident evil
and we got to the top and there was this
dude he was wearing a trench coat so my
brother sits down and this guy looks at
him and the guy looks at us I've seen
this movie over eight times already I've
even dedicated my own a wall tower room
to it so I'm pretty much a big fan and
we're similarly okay nice to meet you
man I mean my brother and my cousin were
laughs and we're talking for the movie
starts in this guy starts acting like
he's part of our group like the guys
like elbowing with us ha ha ha yeah this
is a good movie like what the bug you
come with us he does it again like what
the fuck is this shit you like the
fucking snake like what are you doing so
the movie end and my brother is like I
am we're very it's like Kim we've got
the gift of gab we can talk we can talk
to people we know how to do that and my
brother was talking to this guy the
whole time so the movie's gonna end and
this guy is following my brother out of
the theater and he goes hey so can you
uh take my screen him down I'd love to
talk to you on AOL my brother and my
cousin yeah no problem yeah we'll get it
for you hey Michael stay right here and
they walk the fuck away from me and
there I am standing by the theater door
while this guy writes this thing down
people walking while looking thinking
this dude was like with me or he's
giving me his number to call him later
or something my brother
so that was a quick story by the time I
met the freak before Resident Evil and
after Resident Evil when he gave me his
screen I remember what it was just like
vampire warrior 41 six seven or some
stupid shit I don't know if that's a
real person try I am and I'm later so
yeah
guy was super strange like this hey
Bella in there bill
you haven't fought so sometimes
Bella just likes to sit right here
obviously it's not because of the
pictures but I always find it funny that
she sits directly under the picture of
dad and the YouTube award you like
sitting there boom give me PO Oh
I saw you looking at me while I was
talking give me any NZ that will give me
your party oh well that's only my trick
don't you show it to Clyde okay I won't
follow was doing so you guys the end of
another day
how you feeling we going so that's gonna
be it for today fellas just jumpity
today so so that's gonna be it for
today's scry for just right here here
here
hey subscribe boy that's a schreiber
which of us this is me like subscribe
favorite appreciate it this is you Thank
You cotton crime could get shit guys not
know true I found my high school
yearbook
you've had your high school yearbooks
yeah well maybe we will review those
tomorrow
Bridget found her yearbooks not just
high school right no bridge she just
found her yearbooks so tomorrow we're
gonna look through those so bridges
yearbook photos tomorrow throwback
Thursday and a story yeah so we won hell
with throwback that looks sexy like this
ah no I'm model did you push me for just
smoke is out of control it's not your
name's Nikki at all hey so
so that's gonna be F for today didn't do
much shave this considering shaving that
might shave this yeah blue like
subscribe you to subscribe
oh my god y'all hate her as much as me
click like if you hate Bridget that's a
cheap way to get like saying it look
like if you hate Bridget what did they
love me they hate you oh so click like
if you want grandpa to shave my head
also click on Kiki hey Bridget I'm
expecting 10,000 likes like you won't be
my friend
oh thanks watching you guys yeah don't
like for be a friend and don't follow on
anything follow me on Twitter bridges
