what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here
Bridget west there yeah she's in yeah
right yeah right there
so today is Tuesday yeah okay this is my
intro oh you go ahead Bella wait for
your for your own asana happens out the
cage me hey what you doing that alone so
today is Tuesday and if you didn't
notice I didn't upload a vlog yesterday
the reason being I was super busy Monday
is usually my busiest day so I was
working all day yesterday so I didn't
have time I almost didn't even get the
mailbag Monday video up but I got it up
link below if you want to check that out
so we're on our way to Dad's house
Bridget's mom's house we're just going
all over today so please rejoin me well
this is British mom's boyfriend's
Father's Day present yep
so he doesn't want to be filmed he never
does she saw him of her glimpse one time
I really want to use him for a prank so
fingers crossed one day happy Father's
Day Jimmy how is it Jimmy huh well corn
the dogs playing oh is I getting serious
I don't know okay it's not make sure one
recording like some sort of like death
on video like I can't use it so they're
playing okay
we're leaving her mom's house now Jimmy
loved his Father's Day gifts so good job
Bridget
so now we're on way to my five shots
house so here we go I'm gonna go see
grandpa now
so dad order some Chinese yeah okay I
don't want i dad offered me some but I'm
not touching it because I'm trying to
sing with my diet I got a weigh-in
tomorrow last week I was 342 pounds I
gained more weight so ridiculous I've
been gaining weight what someone sent
you this yeah what's he doing
what'd you do today friend sbox
play the Xbox what'd you do today
nothing yeah what'd you do yesterday
hey loves huh yeah nothing what you
gonna do tomorrow what do you do the
next day I really make them to do these
has got nothing to do well buddy that's
what that's what part of enjoying your
summers all about having nothing to do
ever live here
oh you starting school you excited my
starting school are you gonna be a good
student when he is done talking to you
he's done you ready to go back to school
what you been doing Wayne what else oh
what'd you do yesterday what do you need
tomorrow Oh football sitting near a dad
right now has a whole lot of nuttin
going on whole lot of nothing so whole
lot of nothing going on and lazy hot
days man can't go to where damn Danny
got away seasons
you don't go no AC why not what happened
it's broke I never got here jacket look
yes you did love it our native brews
so the button was it not name muffin
what was it in your cat under a cat
you're lying I am NOT we had plenty of
cats and you had a cat I've never had a
motherfucking jack so yesterday my
sister told the story about the time
that dad had a cat
we think it was called muffin and we
think it's the reason we have never had
known by the fucking cat named Oh mother
fucking Muppet we have narrowed it down
why you hate cats
you always tell everybody you're a large
what's the other by two I hate you
you've always said all y'all oh I'm
allergic but you're not allergic all you
always you had a cat but you fell in
love with you took everywhere with you
and then it died I don't know how it
died but it died and all of a sudden you
hate cats why are you fighting Wyatt man
why aren't you admitting to this I'm
getting tired of this you need to shut
the fuck up I mean you need to shut up
fucker right goddamn now I never had no
goddamn cat I never had no goddamn cat
named oven
you fuckin understanding so it's really
hurting you still to this day oh god
what God get out chill out bro
now you got it why'd you do that
don't go Tommy you got in line on me
never had your goddamn cat wow I think
we're onto something
shit I know God oh you did it okay I
believe you
okay you didn't have a cat though that's
the thing that's the thing you had a cat
you gotta have mom's cat
so obviously daddy doesn't want to talk
about the cat it's a sorcerer coaster I
do not I spent I live I toasted amorous
amigo good tonight I'm not gonna tonight
if I get you toaster it'll be like next
week who gave a toaster tonight
Wow so this thing has followed you all
your life one cat changed your life it
went a muffin what was the real name you
ever had your mother fucking care your
mother fucking curtain ooh look if I had
what need your mother fucking buffeted
by the fucking toilet
well I think mom named it muffin we're
going to keep saying with any muffin if
you tell us to catch real name I never
had no fucking kid lying you're freaking
out that's when you burnt the toaster
because you remembered the cat so I had
a couple people dead asking why you had
an oxygen tank right here so I used to
use it I mean you say I know you don't
need more but they don't get that oh I'm
kidding of applause I'm get rid shit
cleaning out your closet I said I'm
sorry daddy
you shut up I never meant to hurt you I
used to walk around out there each other
long cord oh that one and I walk around
who I had love court Hey I was one of
the arguments folks remember yeah I used
to walk around the house and machines
really old actually but he would have
liked the little the oxygen hose here
and it would get it we long enough to go
around the whole house so he can walk
anywhere you want without the oxygen
cord like being a problem and they'd be
smoking
no no when I used to portable portable
yeah right there do it oh gosh
now you didn't use that I never meant to
make you cry but Sonali you go to them
together right there what's going on
saying young is that you're talking to
you right now it wasn't that that that
keep me young keep me young again I love
them young atmanah me my MA
you call them fans I call him young so
last night Jimmy Kimmel aired his hey
Jimmy Kimmel I hop don't pop video and
he didn't use us but I'm okay with that
you know you use your video no you
didn't use that Jimmy Kimmel did not you
do a video nope we don't get it no women
with it you put yourself extreme danger
yeah of me beating your ass the part
that doesn't bother me the fact that I
didn't use it were the overwhelming
level of supportive comments in the
comment section of people saying where
was angry grandpa every comment grandpa
where's grandpa what the fuck didn't use
grandpa your fans you're young and
stepped out for you and they complained
yeah they did one after the other
where you go young you telling God did
give it kibble
they ain't be shit it's crazy
you're hot you know hey he owes me for a
goddamn bed Kitty kibble if you see this
I love a goddamn dick you owe me one
king-sized bed all I got sailor
I was I was of course I was disappointed
that they didn't use it obviously it was
you know I you know I did the video so
they would use it but they didn't use it
but just seeing those comments made it
more important to me that's right that's
exactly right
you know seeing the support was way more
means more to me than being on Jimmy
Kimmel Live seeing how many people
actually I wouldn't go of it on anyway
maybe we're just not wholesome family
entertainment for Jimmy Kimmel so hey he
didn't use it but you guys speaking up
when our behalf that was awesome was
humbling you guys are awesome thank you
to every person who supported us
comments it's awesome thank you and
grandpa's having trouble articulating
his words because he's thinking about
his cat muffin you know mother goddamn
cat now it
