what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here for to us here right there
and today is Thanksgiving today it's
Thanksgiving and you guys today I'm
going to eat myself
okoma
- oh my gosh I must start cooking right
now guys we're gonna cook right now your
Internet's not messing up even though I
look low
you
first things first I want to say Happy
Thanksgiving and before we get into any
of that you guys number one this is not
our Thanksgiving vlog that video is
coming out tomorrow and it's not the
only this isn't gonna be the only thing
you've seen the look I have a throwback
story to tell in a little bit we got
some other stuff to do but before we get
into anything else I wanted to give you
guys something to be really thankful
about net neutrality you guys a lot of
people don't understand just how
important net neutrality is to the
Internet and you're hearing a lot of
your favorite creators talk about it
right now and the reason you're hearing
so many talk about like net neutrality
is because it's in danger of being gone
now what's happening over in Washington
DC's you have these lobbyists and what's
a lobbyist
a lobbyist is a person who takes part in
an organized effort to influence
legislators like for instance let's say
the pharmaceutical industry meets laws
changed so they can sell more
prescription drugs to you well there's
only one way to do it by hiring a
lobbyist and have him pay money and sway
opinion to influence the law and they're
gonna do whatever they can to do it
these these companies are gonna get
together and they're gonna say ok we're
gonna we got to give these laws Mike
moved because we got to sell more
prescriptions everybody we get every we
gotta get everybody dumped up so in
order to do that they're gonna hire a
lobbyist of all of the lobbyists is
gonna go prescription drugs are fine
it's the people using it Oh trust me we
know what we're doing do you really
believe we would sell medicine that
would hurt people shame on you sir shame
on you no shame on you because what
you're doing is destroying America by
passing these BS laws and making people
believe stuff that isn't true
barbacoa suitable industry farming I
can't say I can't talk pharmaceutical
industries do it fast food industry I'm
getting really pissed off we live in a
country where lobbyists are controlling
everything
smoking industries have smoking
lobbyists who try to say oh there's no
connection
between smoking and lung cancer none
course there's not a lobbyist is
somebody who's implemented to try and
sway laws to maximize profit and that's
what's happening in DC Comcast and you
know Time Warner Cable and Verizon all
of these companies are trying to strip
net neutrality and the reason that
they're trying to do is because they
want to control the internet right now
the Internet is open and it's free and
it belongs to nobody and they're trying
to change that and we can't allow it we
cannot allow them to take the internet
from us so I wanted to give you an
example number one was the beginning of
the vlog the beginning of the vlog you
noticed that the quality dropped
considerably it started loading and then
it just went out when you take away net
neutrality and there's no more like laws
implementing people from taking
advantage of the internet you can have
Comcast tell YouTube hey you guys gonna
pay me X amount of dollars or I'm gonna
slow your users feeds to YouTube and you
won't be able to access it anymore and
that's what's gonna happen they're going
to say stuff like oh no we'll never do
that man trust me
here's a message from the Comcast CEO
trust me we're not going against net
neutrality take my word for it that's
like a serial killer lobbying for the
legalization of murder it's like trust
me I don't know anybody I just want it
legal no sir we're not we're not
legalizing murder for you okay
if that's kind of what this is like
giving Comcast or Time Warner or these
Internet service providers cookies to
your internet it's like giving a robber
the keys to your house and saying take
whatever you want you can't allow them
to do it and they're already starting at
they're saying we're not gonna do this
we're not gonna do that they're gonna
guys they're gonna it's gonna happen so
to put it in a way where people can
understand imagine a world where you go
to Comcast and you say I want Internet
I'd like to have some internet please
and Comcast says well here's our
packages for $5.99
you can add the basic websites that
nobody goes to like MySpace and
livejournal I really want to use those
websites now for the additional $15 a
month you can get the social media
package where it has Facebook and
Twitter and all these other social
platforms but still no YouTube
now $29 a month you can add the
streaming package which has YouTube and
Netflix and Hulu and that's what we're
looking at and if you think that we're
not take a look at satellite TV so
they're trying to do that how they do
like satellite TV they're trying to do
whatever they want when they have the
keys to the kingdom they can do anything
that they want they make the rules
it's their internet weird people buying
the internet however they sell it ah
that's stupid and they're pushing it
they're like oh this is the wave of the
future is what we need it's not what we
need it's a way to take money from you
guys it's a way to take money from us
it's a way to take the internet away
from you right now the way satellite TV
works is you have to buy it in packages
you can't just say I want these channels
right you can't just say give me the
channels you have to say okay do I want
the Weather Channel and locals
absolutely oh man
but I also want Comedy Central and MTV
and ESPN okay I'll pay an extra $99 a
month so I can access those channels
wait a minute don't you want HBO and
Showtime ah come on
129 dollars a month okay I'll do it oh
wait a minute I bet you didn't know that
the news channels like Fox News and CNN
are here you have to pay the extra
premium price to access that and that's
what's happening that's what we're in
danger of like losing not only that but
they can just straight up with slow
feeds to your favorite accessible
websites just because that company's not
paying them extra money to cause you
problems and to prove the point here's
an example when we lived in our
apartment and I have food on my face
no I feel like I've done this whole
thing with food on my face no I don't
see any
here's an example when we lived in our
apartment we had Comcast for some reason
Netflix was totally slowed down every
time we watched a movie was pixelated it
was load we would turn it off and just
buy the DVD for some reason Netflix just
wasn't working and her internet was
really good the internet was great she
has a tongue why is Netflix not working
well about two weeks later I came out
into the news that Netflix was being
asked by Comcast to pay X amount of
dollars or they were gonna slow their
services down and Netflix was like not
doing it I am not paying extra money and
they didn't and all of a sudden we can't
even access it anymore
yeah it was awful that's all of a sudden
Netflix pays more money and hey now that
looks just working again and that's what
we're talking about they can do it too
what everyone said they want Hulu Google
YouTube Netflix Facebook whatever what
website says I'm not paying tough luck
so guys here's what you can do about it
you can write your Congressman and you
can tell him hey forget this we want net
neutrality we deserve a free Internet
and I'm not exactly sure how to write
your Congressman google it while you
still can
okay search Twitter search YouTube
search every facet of the Internet where
you can find information on net
neutrality and what you can do to stop
them from getting rid of it is there
anything to tweet like is there anywhere
to tweet this - you can tweet the FCC
you can tweet your internet service
provider you can tweet your congressman
you can tweet the president I don't
think Donald Trump's to pay extra for
Twitter he uses it a lot very important
this is the future of the internet the
future of the Internet as we know it as
future generations know it because if we
let them take the internet from us this
is the future you're looking at and we
can't let them do it that's controlling
is control it's manipulation and we
can't let them take it from us now we're
gonna continue this blog you guys happy
Thanksgiving let's tell a throwback
Thursday
I saved the Internet sitting here trying
to figure out a story that I could tell
for throwback because I didn't want to
do too much in the blog you guys because
you know a lot of you are celebrating
Thanksgiving with your families so try
not to make it a very long vlog I know
one a lot of people aren't gonna watch
it because it's Thanksgiving and number
two like I said I don't want to keep you
guys like away from your family so I'm
sending you're trying to think of a
story that I can tell what you gobble oh
you got a favorite Thanksgiving memory
oh which one the one where you ate cat
poop I don't know about that memory
I don't know Bella seems to think that
the cat poop memory is the best memory
Bella okay what specifically about the
cat poop memory did you like the most
okay yeah I'm with her I would do would
you guys do it this is what I do and by
the way guys I do do it so I'm just
trying to gauge your reaction what would
you do if I just lay there and talk to
Bella sometimes and actually she's
responding what are you doing girl just
shooting here talk to you
oh that's cool you you can't stink
lacoya what I do yeah but what's new
she's done that was her way of saying
get me off camera so I'm sitting there
trying to think of a story that I can
tell in just a few minutes so we got a
couple of stories and let's see I know
I've told the one about the porch
catching on fire I know I've told that
one the worst Thanksgiving we have was
actually when grandma was diagnosed with
colon cancer so I don't want to we're
not gonna do that memory really not
gonna do that member what made me think
of bringing it up so what else do we
have
I do have a memory where we got thrown
out dude we were at my aunt Charlene's
house and we got thrown out of
Thanksgiving dinner that's the story
we're gonna say that just a few minutes
guys
you want to hear the story about the
time that we got thrown at it
yeah that's what we're tellin no belly
you tell them what he just said to me
tell him go ahead
Bella says she thinks is funny then the
doctor had to stick two fingers in my
butt yesterday good repeat it tell
everybody the disgusting thing you just
said about me I don't think it was funny
could you imagine if she could speak
English she be like what is he talking
about and I'm lying about you right now
I said you said something you didn't say
you don't appreciate that you can tell
that I'm seriously like really bored I'm
actually waiting for Bridget to get home
with some dinner this right here are
some of the ingredients you guys for
Thanksgiving that is tomorrow actually
technically right now
this is officially Thanksgiving these
are some of the agreements that were
going to be using I'm making a dressing
and I'm using some pre-made cornbread I
don't I really do not have time to bake
a whole cornbread
I talked to grandpa on the phone earlier
which by the way he sounded great really
really like lifted my spirits I was kind
of afraid to talk to him because you
know he was so sick at Sunday dinner and
I was sort of like you know I hope he
doesn't sound worse and worse and worse
guys he sounded fantastic and that
really was optimistic to me so I asked
him what his recipe for a cornbread
dressing is and he said you bake a
cornbread which I can't do so I bought
it so fingers crossed that I do not
screw up the dress by the way I told you
bridge was bringing food boom KFC we ate
chicken the day before we turkey anyway
I got a throwback story to tell let's go
do this the time you got thrown out of
Thanksgiving getting out of here in just
a second you guys before we do and I
apologize that the vlog is short Clyde's
barking by the way because I'm talking
right now I apologize that the vlog is
short the reason that is so short is
because it's Thanksgiving and I don't
want to take you away from your family
you guys so before we get out of here
number one I want to remind you about
the store because Black Friday is
tomorrow I think there's some Black
Friday sales going on click the link
below check it out get some stuff for
Christmas you guys I'm trying to push
the store just like you know number one
I really love seeing you guys wearing
our stuff you know I never pushed it
before right we had it and it was sort
of just there but I love when people
tweet me pictures of them wearing our
shirts so guys if you haven't gotten
anything yet
you know click the link below I might do
some giveaways closer to Christmas but
guys before we get out
here I wanted to tell a
throwbackthursday story a Thanksgiving
special edition so this is about the
Thanksgiving we got thrown out of my
cousin's house for Thanksgiving our
cousin our aunt Charlene and uncle
Gordon you know cousin Jason all them we
got invited to Thanksgiving dinner and
we were really excited dad was number
one because that man he didn't have to
cook and aunt Charlene could cook ma I
miss you and Charlene number one rest in
peace I love you that woman could cook
when her and my grandmother got together
man they were they threw down in that
kitchen you guys so that was number one
we didn't have to cook but for some
reason dad always walked around with a
chip on his shoulder
you guys know grandpa okay he's always
mad about something for whatever reason
it doesn't always make sense why he's
just angry so we get - Charlene's house
we go to the kids table and about 10 15
minutes in I can hear dad in the other
room I don't know what he's doing it's
something - dog barking right it's crazy
I hear like glasses spinning things are
breaking like oh god what's going on so
we run into the adult room and look at
the table and we see everybody looking
at dad who is standing smoking a
cigarette now the rule was aunt Charlene
did not want smoking in her house
especially at the dinner table
especially at Thanksgiving but dad
wasn't having a dad like system of where
he wants when he wants and nobody can
take the cigarette out of his mouth
unless you pry it out of his hands and
that was what you better pried out of my
cold dead babe Pantene he was not having
at you guys he did not want to be told
that he couldn't smoke at the table so
argument goes back and forth a plate
gets thrown against the wall dad gets
mad he goes to shake the table family
argument at its finest we get kicked out
one minute we're sitting there looking
at the turkey the next minute we're
loading in the back seat of the car
going home and guys we didn't have a lot
of money for food so this meant no
dinner this meant we were gonna go
hungry guys we weren't totally broke I
don't think a lot of people really
understand how bro
we were growing up we grew up with
absolutely nothing like Wow to see what
we have now compared to what we came
from I owe everything to you guys you
guys and Paul Hamm and Paul love you man
you know we Iowa everything to you guys
and because of that I'm able to have
normal Thanksgivings right at least
halfway normal sometimes dad throws the
turkey but anyway guys we go we're going
home we didn't have any food so dad was
like damn it Tita stop by the food that
we got to get some food or to ride home
not realizing food Lyons closed okay
back then Walmart didn't have no like
24-hour operation or super Walmart's or
even the grocery store so there was no
going to Walmart it was either the
stores open or ain't open right so we
get to the store they're closed
drives to the bi-lo they're closed
winn-dixie closed Piggly Wiggly closed
everybody's spending time with their
families especially on a day like
Thanksgiving in South Carolina because
South Carolina is a huge Christian state
so we go home nothing to eat we go to
the freezer nothing to eat nothing to
drink cable got turned off so there's no
TV Macy's Day parades over the only
thing we can do is wait for a Christmas
story
- come on regular TV and partially enjoy
the day otherwise we had nothing
eventually what we ended up doing is
heated up a banquet dinner we have one
of those Salisbury steak dinners and a
box of powdered mashed potatoes and
that's what we had for our Thanksgiving
dinner that year and the reason we had
it is because dad loves to do this and
this and that day chose to do both so
that's the story you guys about the time
that we got kicked out of Thanksgiving
dinner because grandpa was smoking at
the table and we went home and we had
nothing to eat so that's one of our
worst Thanksgivings I've told many
Thanksgiving stories in the past you
guys one of the best ones being when we
had an emu that got loose and was
running up the street another one were
the porch caught on fire look for those
on my vlog channel I have told
in the past guys we're gonna be doing
this outro in just a few minutes but
that's the story tomorrow's Thanksgiving
you guys so actually today are actual
Thanksgiving video as I said earlier
it's gonna be going up tomorrow but
anyway let's go do this outro well
that's gonna be a fritter day you guys
thanks for watching I really hope that
you and your family had a really
fantastic Thanksgiving by the time
you've seen this we'd either had like a
horrible Thanksgiving or a great
Thanksgiving I don't know yet this is
the day before my Thanksgiving could be
titled worst Thanksgiving ever
or best Thanksgiving ever or mediocre
Thanksgiving it or which is thankful
we're not doing a fat guys if you didn't
see the vlog yesterday I told you we did
a thankful title it was called pickle
boy is thankful and all you guys like a
screw this log yeah I know what pickle
boy to be thankful I'm not watching it
it's got zero views anyway that's gonna
be it for today you guys I hope you had
a great Thanksgiving with your families
I hope I did as well seriously that was
the throwback Thursday story guys we got
kicked out of Thanksgiving dinner showed
you a little bit of where we're gonna
cook that's it like subscribe favorite
told everything just that's it I love
you guys so much happy Thanksgiving
happy Thanksgiving you guys
you
