what's going on you guys keeping a
camera here fridge OS there and we are
in the garage cleaning out her car
because we are taking her father out to
dinner
we're taking her father out of dinner
for Father's Day and we're gonna try to
convince him to be in a video today I
want to use him for a prank that I've
been planning for a few days it's the
prank that I went to Dad's house the
other night
to instill into his head I want to one
father's day convinced dad that I'm
actually not his son that he's actually
not my father
because I secretly went out and got DNA
tests done and I'm not as father or his
son so considering he does it yes
otherwise I don't have a video
well the car is cleaned out and I'm
considering doing that shave now not
sure what do you think I don't know if I
should do the shave now because of this
I was rubbing my face really hard and I
fucked with it and now I'll have some
gash on my face if I shave so just now
my friend Isaac sent me the betta code
for the new battlefield game hardline uh
he he got into the better program he
doesn't have a ps4 thanks for that
Bridget he sent me his code I'm
downloading the better right now
battlefield yes it is six gigabytes and
it's downloading
so let's check see how this thing is
doing down the holes as right now same
so it looks like gonna take a little
over an hour now saying Oh God better go
down so we were here with bridges dad
and it's time for him to help with some
Father's Day so I don't know what you we
got chills
you got the worst breath ever we're
gonna get them mudslide oh hey y'all
come on be nice you stop that
yesterday Bridgette had a squeeze our
anal glands hey guys okay come on thanks
guys
spell get down oh yeah all she got you a
bunch of coffee for Father's Day cool
just don't give her the choice of
choosing dinner good she'll pick the
worst stuff oh oh now that's cute
you know I didn't find it I found the
card that is cool
happy Father's Day
a weenie dog pushing up
oh wow
cool Thank You father's day I used out
of 20 of all of Birkin card you're
kidding me right
of course not he loved pardon jig what
are you gonna do when I close them all
down so we're about to take Bridges dad
out for Father's Day dinner and he
agreed to do the prank with me on dad so
anger grandpa's gonna think that he just
lost a son today I think I'm gonna ask
for that follows the money back uh
Charles you think I can get that uh the
money I gave Father's Day back so I can
go into my real dad mmm we'll see if it
works
here we go so somebody or somebody from
mailbag mailed my mailbag monday sent
that 50 one-dollar bills
I love Kellyanne and so we made it rain
on him take a look a clip of this a bit
raining on grandpa I'll go hi Mary
Wow Wow
hello I don't want you like a hog
remember yeah yeah
keep digging up what keeping you doesn't
find out I love your amazing boy
the play a oh he knew I'll start a
stable for you Jay give you a great give
it anything you know that you have all
doubt but I'll give you that one
you all said give it to Papa now now you
don't give this one behind you do that
well dad happy Father's Day have
involved a job ain't Charles happy
Father's Day dad don't go back and visit
sometime doe webbie's - okay my fish
google fishing yeah there you go
I don't like my dad take my old dad
fishing bye bye her dad taking yo dad
fishing her dad is my dad
we're Beth my parent now then that's
your Vincent no Ginny's your kid I'm not
a kid
hey mighty matter bang your mom / - wait
can you take him fishing without
capsizing the boat no you're the ones
gone capsized boat I'm not gonna finish
with a minor don't want to dinner with
us no why not
no what are you becoming like a Cujo
mine oh damn I cooked on my new grill
yeah I like that
I love it I told you she got home from
Kmart's about yeah we might add a better
grill words which one's better when it
came art gonna hear much waving it was
half-price not yeah that's true
I got one
see did you think it real hot too well
as usual have them you put coals on fire
and put it against metal they might get
a little hot
are you leaving yet I'll leave in a few
minutes gonna take Doug out of dinner
how come you don't want to come we're
going stick your fingers good I don't
want it all the sticky fingers barbecue
yeah you don't want to go to barbecue
already that much anymore I'm not like
you God love you too Charles
I live it up full well I eat a lot and
I'm hungry
just leave me with all this that's all
you do it just leave it leave it over
with what what am i leaving without with
a great son who gave you a good happy
Father's Day before I go and look at
your new grill nice actually pretty nice
yeah there's nice things as nice big
fucking dealers - paid for and I used it
tonight thank you very much and goodbye
would you cook on it chicken isn't funny
you need this to tell you it oh yeah
it's hot in there yeah so could she's
opening look yeah it's hot so would you
cook goddamn Michael I cook fucking
chicken I made mashed potatoes and how
come the one down left when I went in
there cuz there you never know you got
is over you don't want out need sticky
fingers with duck you didn't know about
that until just now I know that are you
doing a mind-reader that's right how you
daddy's on my side oh so we got somebody
on your side for one for what you'd be
on my side dad no he's on my side now is
to old people against the young people
no he's still one of the young people
with us now that's all alone again
Oh Oh am i I'll sing for and you're
gonna make me cry
everyone raise your fat ass and get the
fuck into your car go on down the street
and while you're there you can suck my
me oh just put your ass in your car now
get out I don't leave after that house
Rose I'm repulsed remember when I was
little used to sing the a Wizard of Oz
song who was it
November you sing both the the scarecrow
Ã¡ndale
I am do your Cowardly Lion impression
put him up put him up I'm talking to
right I know he'll add to his song by
working the Prince not Duke not her I've
got a pretty good day for us if I were a
king out of for the better
yep now get out you are the king with
the bargain you got there right yeah are
you the Dairy Queen
I can't tell hey the one pick one there
ha ha what kid or the four of us I can't
do it
yeah time to go man you buggin me now oh
you bitch a god damn shit dude
they saw me to quit smoking happy
Father's Day fuck you why should I be
your starter
that's bridges car I bet charges I
didn't pass the charges it gives me by
better people than you we just got like
it wheezing opposition I lose me up
there y'all want to be at me no get out
of here get going well we are leaving
sticky fingers I'm looking for some sort
of logo there's no I forgot my dad that
yeah then they have these uh barbecue
flavors so leaving sticky fingers I got
some ribs
I did too they're so good God with those
good ribs so leaving sticky fingers good
Father's Day prank dad doesn't have some
good dinner yeah
I has he enjoyed it was real great it
was well that's gonna be it for today we
had a happy happy Father's Day dad met
bridges dad
dad met bridges dad it looks like
they're gonna be friends they're taught
they were talking about fucking written
lake houses and shit I don't know what
happened there it's like we introduced
them then all of a sudden dealing with
your lake house and go fished in and
that gave me a prank I do so you better
get that lake house
so dad met Doug Doug met dad they're
good friends now hopefully they go to
this lake house and go fishing there
might be a Bigfoot sighting I don't know
so happy Father's Day hope all you guys
had a good Father's Day I had a good one
had a good prank with me and Bridget
bridges dad just make that face there's
a clip of your ass in the video you love
the head yep why
