okay your dad there's a whole dad as
father's a shit huh probably happy
Father's Day dad
Burger King thank you
best present I ever got that's all you
got for me to look at her dad got her a
hundred all a Sears Card and a vigilar
bass bass and you had 25 hello I'd
rather eat
I'll give her a Father's Day what
yeah Jimmy the whole time in there hey
Jimmy idea what of it no one I just
didn't see them something there so we
were sitting here at the Cinemark movie
theater
Jimmy the movie man you wouldn't go I
offered you said no I'm here now you're
just saying it could you use your
camera's on you I mean now Jimmy fucking
moving out you wanna move on I'm gonna
make you go if you do you think you're
gay I will make you go to 22 Jump Street
right now I won't go
exactly so I told Dad to meet me here
something give him his Father's Day gift
I appreciate it I'll give me a burger
there are you I'm gonna three to give
you a subject off oh Lord oh oh what's
going on you guys could be on the camera
here and Grandpa well we got a hell of
it they have Monday mail back home what
do you mean it's gonna be a villain why
is that
you'll see so you'll see okay so bridge
and I were considering going to a movie
we decided again so probably not going
now boo now I don't want to now why I
don't know you don't get the wording one
we go to the movie all the time you're
gonna target hater I went target one
town of a son yeah you didn't get it
it's the rich Walmart well I'm not a
rich person so yeah there's a rich place
to go you have money you go by there
that is not true got it out on a plane
that's my kind of shopping right there
what clothes drop off yeah unless year
free so target has cheap things that are
really nice it's hard target is the same
version Walmart
I disagree
was less than UK Mars best place it's a
Luigi I know what's your name let's meet
you from them
Brendan to plug a video here oh it's
styled ma'am it doesn't stop I'm
thinking do it my mind's half gray maybe
that's all you get your hair pink I
remember that
that's yeah hey me it was you you made
my hair a damn Gullah you agreed to if I
go a hundred thousand I think hey I was
look they're all things that boys and I
was like yeah it is
yeah wasn't what you can see um why use
it
25 cups tree I want a couple series no I
decided to you see that Wow was that uh
that was pretty good but now I'm gonna
go up I'm gonna go to the ER right now
holidays are you I thought you didn't
get dollars limping I thought you were
again oh I tripped earlier uh your son I
think I broke my ankle
Allen Lane broke it but fracture during
the movie no earlier today but coming
out there healed man that'll make you
chill I was telling you all some Perkins
I will door all right good night brother
nice meeting you yeah man nice meeting
you dude so just now we were sitting
here the guy was coming to his car and
before I recorded it he goes is that
angry grandpa so I turned on the camera
as he was coming over so Brandon is
gonna be on a video yes yes yes agency
the picture bog I was a Tuesday Brandon
Newsome the guy that you said the world
championship what are they
I have no idea we talking about I think
brand nuisance ran something you got the
law here in the beard
what world championship did he have WWE
Daniel Bryan yes yeah Oh God
it's go like brand Nielsen somebody I
thought I was Navy I think they got a
picture here with the she'll wear black
somebody made that is fake oh is it go
yes I'll look wedding good Facebook
trolls get you it was edited but it look
good they also got one a John Cena on
that wouldn't be right
you speaking would you think about Seth
Rollins turn on the shield
I take maybe need eyes here again who
make it here one color so I'm gonna wear
to dad's house right now he thinks I'm
on my way home
he doesn't know that actually got him a
Father's Day gift so he made a couple of
hints what he wanted for Father's Day
the first thing he told me is he wanted
a new grill so I said oh maybe I'll get
you new grill oh fuck I just give me the
money so that's what I'm doing I'm
letting dad choose his own father set
gifts I know there's a lot of people say
oh money is so impersonal uh not to him
he loves money well we're a dad's house
right now and cue the people who fries
down that video in super just smoking
because people do it all the time the
other day somebody tweeted me busted
there's a reflection of bridges smoking
in the mirror oh god yeah
she smokes my mother you got her so I'm
here at Grandpa's house
you guys wouldn't that would want to
know about nicotine gum today I'm gonna
quit she said quit but uh at grandpa's
house with his father's day gift cash
cold hard cash so win for Dad he thinks
home wanna he thinks someone going home
he's going to get himself a Philly
cheese steak sandwich
he totally thinks you only got him a
burger he thinks that only got him the
25 old Burger King car that was just to
give it to him
it is a real Burger King guard but I
gave that to him now I'm gonna give him
the real present let him get whatever he
wants with it I want right now then he
go read it he will not read it just to
prove that he's not even gonna read what
the card says I wrote poop he'll give it
a glance think it says pop open room and
he's not gonna realize SS poop maybe you
will if you recognize that it says poop
then extra points for dad yeah show
themselves to the camera gee whiz look
at you suck gum grocery shopping
I feel happy girl stuff what's all that
ah Mayo money we'll do that tomorrow I
gotta come over tomorrow anyway now I'm
gonna be happy
well happy Father's Day dad I know you
wanted a grill
OOP he noticed it I knew he fucking
noticed it who the fuck you got it boot
I thought you got a boat are you getting
the idea booty IHOP here who me wanted a
girl what I know what kind you wanted
mr. fuck
boopie umi amis we're fuckin a I don't
know ah
Marie that's where I got you cashed
every was better for others any cash
damn thing yeah doing them thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
Jenny a few month all right just take
its head I'm sure gonna need just take
the money doesn't know you know you did
it read I'm not touching it day to read
back I'll throw in the yard and Tina
I'll give it
yeah just bought some more drugs to sell
damn
and you go out of your fucking mind
Michael usually have a good Father's Day
no you know not like this I yeah yeah
you do
I'm not taking all this Michael real
that's way too I don't care way too much
man you been to cry no just take the
money you can get yourself the grill you
wanted you were talking to make so much
money that no I don't want when I touch
it I don't want it happy Father's Day go
get you something grill you want to get
some steaks to cook on it I don't know
girl you won we didn't see it well thank
you I appreciate the apology but happy
Father's Day
I give me like my own father's day I
hope you hey bridge Alyssa so I'm
picking through his son hey hey hey just
joking
you goddamn hi are you oh yeah whoa whoa
I'll cut you got a man at all okay good
bye
you really like me leave right now yeah
I want to hang out for a little bit no
you don't give my goddamn father thank
you for falling for us oh so you found
the father son it so I can't say cousin
n-no you don't give me how you gotta go
I give you in father's if are you
kicking me out whether strings attached
down now would you I gotta play good
daddy
fuck you I just wanted to hang out with
you for a minute oh I'm not playing good
daddy did you won't spend it on you a
girl will get a grill I've been a good
window boy I just didn't know what grill
you needed to prove there's one at uh
it's about this big around I got a milk
truck to run Walmart damn me had a leg
lift on our where you going boy oh you
got him sitting down he's so gross down
made him know I hate it what do you hear
when I walk you to car make sure you
leave man you fart was following you a
lot okay
sale if we have a infrared we would see
just like a mist following your body
well I'll see you tomorrow bye hi buddy
happy Father's Day dad
I thank you son Thank You Bridget
leaving dad bo that's a thumbnail a
thumbnail let's told me
oh that's thumbnail yeah but Sir a
thumbnail the picture you got okay
thumbnail my picture what on you in I
saw it
later pop by
