so I'm sitting here with my nephews I
made them lunch or just go hate it okay
good yep I made these guys burgers good
guy
so how is your burger j-jimmy one here
is just a hamburger or just ketchup
so what heat things take a bite take a
little steak Jacob wanted mustard
lettuce and pickle and cheese yeah man
good so Bridget right now is at the vet
oh by the way what's going on you guys
can't be on a camera here
Bridget is at the vet because dad had
dropped the boys off to hang out the day
with me and uh Clyde came downstairs all
demand just want to flip it out he
started seizuring and puking and peeing
on himself and he couldn't he what we
didn't know what it is so so she took
him to the vet hopefully everything's
okay with Clyde and Miss God you need to
go by the meat yeah he's eating all
bread yeah and I mixed in butter these
are butter burgers I know people can say
oh those are gonna close your arteries I
got the recipe off of a restaurant
cameras show that was a restaurant show
I saw on Food Network some guy made
butter burgers they look delicious so I
just made them for the boys how are they
you basically make them the same way
that you make my other burger patties
except you got to pop them in the on the
stove right away because butter will
make this patty fall apart but you put
the butter with the patty a little bit
of it our union like you put a whole
stick your leg oh you know part of a
stick and you mix it in with the burger
patty it put it in the thing and start
flatten on it so it'll keep it juicy it
helps you flatten it it's really good
it's a good burger we're gonna is there
enough ketchup on there for you
daysy eat is a record time
yes you don't have to raise your hand
just talk hello
well you guys want to watch and dummied
ever thank LA one for dumb and Dumberer
one for spongebob did Shane Tina Josh
you want Dumb and Dumber we definitely
need to get a trampoline out here
yeah you guys won't we get trampoline
yeah what you doing Jay you gonna making
progress
oh here we go just you wanted to clean
this little thing out so we're like
likes doing me favors
so bridge just got back from taking
Clyde to the vet what did they say
Bergeon well as take them tomorrow
morning at 8:00 to get blood work to see
there's an infection on his brain and um
there probably isn't but then he has to
go to neurologists for an MRI you might
have had a seizure it's crazy
but anyway Michael finally witnessed one
and he is okay for now where my bad
parts what does that mean I'm trying to
sleep it on the floor you sleep on the
floor the damn Bears broke you still
have a place to railjet I thought you'd
fix it that night I put them together
like it's sleep on they fell apart on
the bed that night
are you serious you right Givi kilvo to
me owes me goddamn part no you need to
write that motherfucker tell me what
kind of parts you need I didn't know you
needed he or they I yield me a whole
goddamn bed frame you never told me you
needed anything tell me what kind of bed
parts you need just forget it
just tell me get it tell me I'll get him
a damn cell I don't need you tell me you
like a frame or something how would you
know you would you you how let's go to
Walmart Walmart they don't sell bed
frames you gotta go to a big store
stupid we're go big a lot you just stick
I don't know Toby there what's wrong
with big while you shut up
la la la la la la la chillin looking
chair that's all wrong motherfucker then
there's nothing you are you and now let
me sit anywhere
it's a recliner you love them you ain't
had a recliner so damn long I want you
to see what a real recliner feels like
come on I don't trust you I would not do
that it's gonna bother blah it isn't
here ah I love you sir I said it you
said it by the way you can sit dad
Jeffrey just sit down hold on just
that's it
how do we solve world hunger Matt I know
down below the others good
what do you can vote we got one for your
channel and then one for my channels
they haven't sent me the letter yet Wow
okay I'm going on where you gonna hang
the grandpa's corner on it and here with
that one all right I take it your house
you could tell me to keep these things
you need to keep one now Yuri oh no yo
how come y'all wanna leave
oh yes face you likes it never engineer
okay your unit urbanism are you ready to
go home
no I never gone home Oh yawn design
congratulation brain oh you know I'm ah
yeah my mama dead by your boy can't buy
both thank God I got a reason no more
all right take those Matt I know you're
here where makes you shave those Chile's
Mountain Dews with your brothers he'll
freak out on da don't forget to take
about stairs
that's me hoping that maybe you're only
gonna mommy so Bridget just came into
the room with ear stuff and face wife
rubella and she
come on Bella come on Bella gotta get
done she lights every time Bella come on
girl
just closing here on me how I'm not
great a new trick
oh sorry bill
how do you figure how to close your ear
belt so right now we're cleaning the
wrinkles come here so the reason that
our Lewis Bulldogs wrinkles aren't so
disgusting is because we use these
frequently these are specially medicated
whites what are they I don't know
whatever that is we use those for her
wrinkles look at her she does not want
this to continue
Claude thinks we're gonna do him next
but we've already done him it's me that
stroke he had he doesn't remember he's
alright and though you would have
laundry behind you better be alright
Clyde is poking his head next to the
fridge cuz he thinks he's back he's
hiding so I'm gonna go see Dad real
quick it's late enough where I'd say
he's about to go to bed soon I just want
to set up a prank
I gotta instill something into his head
so I just got to go set something up I
can't tell you what it is because people
will write him and tell him and the
footage that I shoot I'm actually going
to be using in the video that I do so
you guys to find out what this is later
on in the week but I gotta go set
something up I will be back
you
it's just typical here
now what do you want you want to talk I
was coming to see you a sleepin I'm
gonna do bad go to bed why it's too
early not for me
you know I go to bed early
how are we talking like oh shut up
all right market ever you go check okay
why you really so bad please okay say
I'm the greatest person in the world no
motherfucker go to town get out of here
does that mean I forgive you too late
ass home hey Bella
hey Kwon how you feeling buddy I am well
collides feeling a little better that's
gonna be it for today just got back from
dads I was only a dad's for about five
minutes I just needed to set up my prank
and I did so I'm praying somebody come
in this week so thanks for watching you
guys uh long day
Clyde was sick set up the prank cleaned
the dogs and even quite a bath I didn't
film that I think tomorrow I may shave
this looking good Mike I might shave
this maybe not I don't know yet I'm
thinking about it
Bridget and I were talking earlier is
you reminded me of a story I can tell so
I'm thinking about next Thursday for
throwback Thursday telling the story of
the time a prank grandpa on y2k and if
you don't know what y2k is Google is
your friend everybody thought it was the
end of the world what the hell is on my
hand I prank dad the year 2000 so if you
want so if you guys want to hear that
story click like and I'll tell it for
throwback Thursday so that's it thanks
for watching you guys
check us out tomorrow Saturday like
subscribe favorite and that's it
