what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and I've been watching a lot
of paranormal videos lately again I
don't believe as you guys know but I've
been watching these HUF paranormal
videos so I decided I was going to turn
on my ghost box and play with it and I
decided wasn't going to record it stupid
mistake because the first question I
asked was how many fingers am i holding
up and it instantly said two and I was
holding up two fingers so then I asked
how many fingers am i holding up again
which was five and it said five
so I decided one more time Who am I and
in this creepy ass voice he goes Michael
so that scared the shit out of me so I
decided to turn on the camera this time
and get recorded just to see we pick
something else up equal did you say
speak are you friendly
hello
do you see a light dog are you dead or
alive
hey youngest I'm grandpa
ya know at a kid behind the camera it's
not princess it's me it's me it's a GP
man tires up this morning kind of called
my drawers crammed up my ass you know
what I mean you know I'm not prejudiced
and you know I don't care what color you
are where your problem be true to
yourself be true to me and we're good to
go and you know I got a lot of gay young
uns out there
I backed them 100% you know this America
and we have liberties we have freedoms
that most countries don't share and be
what you want to be life is one up
I like Fox News I knew y'all idea y'all
saying Fox News
I like Fox News I don't care about the
Bill O'Reilly and the Sean Hannity's and
and and the Megan's up all that biggest
you hot yeah she good-looking woman
but to me Fox News only has one real
reporter only one person who actually
tells the news like it's real and
doesn't hide behind his feelings and
that reporter is Shepard Smith
I'll watch Shepard Smith because he'd
eat first place he doesn't lose your you
know your attention he gives you the
news he gives you all the news both
sides he don't care if you're a
Republican you Democrat what you is
Shepard Smith is going to give you the
news like it's real well I heard this
morning never knew this about the boy
Shepard Smith is gay he's out of the
closet he has a boyfriend his boyfriend
works there uh Fox News - that doesn't
disturb me because I don't care that
Shepard has not do with his news or his
will they got to do together what
bothers me is that last summer Shepard
tried to come out of the closet with
pong on Fox News
now Shepard had two different news shows
he came on he what three o'clock and
then he came on again at seven o'clock
and those two hours the I watch news
cause Shepard told at all he went to Fox
News and ask them about coming out of
the closet they don't know stay in your
closet Shepard
you know you'll the guy and all but stay
there they don't come out not know he'll
know you just stay in the closet Shepard
so Shepard stayed in the club but what
did he get for it
he had one of those new shows taken away
they had to accommodate Megan
well I'm gonna tell you young uns Fox
News kids my fat ass why are you holding
that man down because he's gay Shepard
Smith you go boy I'm behind you under
percent and if you ever wanna take on
Fox News
that'll grab bono could we'll go after
their ass by Yungas okay but he bought
you call of duty to go with it and then
it's got that so my sister's fiance his
boyfriend his uh my sip a word of that
crazily anyway my sister's fiance his
birthday is in about a week and I got
him a PlayStation 4 for his birthday
you know the guy works all the time he's
a hard worker he doesn't really do much
so I decided you know for his birthday I
would get him a ps4 and I guess he
didn't like it I guess that's what that
was about
he didn't care though can me feet I
don't know if you got it if you wanna
take a bag you could do that you know
you got the receipt uh-huh I fells there
you go
oh sorry Chloe
there you go buddy good well it is
throwback Thursday which means I'm going
to tell you another story today I'm
gonna tell you the story of the time
that I was knocked unconscious at school
in the first grade it was around the
last week of the first Grey which would
have been late June which is why I'm
telling the story today up in Colombia I
don't they still do but when I was going
to school there
summer began the beginning to the middle
of June and so the last week of school
they decided they were gonna start doing
construction on the playground equipment
so they made an announcement over school
that morning Oh children please stay off
the wooden playground equipment they are
being constructed specifically they
wanted everybody to stay off the wooden
bridge
you know those playground equipments
they got like a little bridge the kids
can run across the stuff well the bridge
was gone and they made an announcement
over school that it was gone and to stay
off of it so we eat lunch and we learned
whatever the fuck you learn in the first
grade and then comes recess and all the
kids go running out and everybody's
playing on everything except for the
wooden playground equipment and usually
the wooden playground equipment is the
coveted toy to play with this school you
know it was like a big jungle gym and it
was high and it was all made of wood and
had swings and slides and the bridge and
everybody loved it it was usually always
too full for all the children to play on
it so there was only a limited amount of
children allowed to play on it which
usually excluded me because our class
got to recess last so I get outside I'm
looking around and go oh my god the
wooden playground equipments free so I
decided I was gonna run and get him that
wooden playground equipment not
remembering the announcement that went
over the school earlier in the day not
giving a fuck that I'm about to be
unconscious so here I am climbing up the
ladder to get to fording the playground
equipment cuz it's high it is really
high off the ground and I hear teachers
calling my name
Michael Michael what are you doing but
I'm still going and Here I am
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo then
boom I woke up in the nurse's office I
don't know how long has it been
but obviously that means I had
passed out I what the only thing I
remember was falling and waking up so at
some point I fell a teacher's rushed to
my aid and carried me to the nurse's
office none of this I remember happening
I just remember waking up and seeing my
grandma's face and she was not happy
come on you little shit so I get in her
car and we're riding down the street
she's lecturing me you shouldn't be
getting on stuff you know you ain't
supposed to be dealing it I know they
made the announcement dad was actually
following in the truck behind her and so
she pulls off to the gas station you
want to get something a little cooler
losers took it lizards ticket is I guess
it was considered upscale for us at the
time it's somewhere in Colombia haven't
been a years I don't know what kind of
food they sell but it's called lizard
thicket and dad wanted to go to it so
she I let's go to laser stick it so I'm
in her car in the passenger seat dad's
following behind us we're driving down
the street and as we pull into lizard
stick it
I just puke all in her car she slams on
her brakes she gets out the car she's
pissed off that pulls up beside her I
guess we're gonna lose the sticker I do
him grandma gets pissed off at me makes
me clean it dad gets pissed off that we
don't go to lizards stick it and he goes
home nobody cared about me
no oh Michael are you okay how do you
feel you just passed out you were
unconscious because you fell to the
ground really hard nobody cares about
that all they cared about is the fact
that they can't go to lizards thicket
for lunch and that's the story for
throwback Thursday the time that I was
in the first grade fell off the wooden
crib a little Craig on playground
equipment the wooden playground
equipment became unconscious threw up in
the car and got bitched out about it hey
Dad what do you remember the time that I
was in the first grade and I fell off
the wooden playground equipment yes
that's years ago I remember cuz i puked
in grandma's car when we were going to
lizard stick it yeah she called you up
dude you a cleaner car exactly yeah that
story yeah I remember there I don't
think you cared either I gave a camp
nah dude were just kiddin oh you like it
yes Bordeaux Oh was appreciated so I
just washed Kim's video she uploaded
about the ps4 and I guess it was a prank
she sent me the video file earlier of
just Kyle opening it and not really
caring about it and saying the only
should've sent me the money and it
turned out it was a joke some people are
gonna say something about his real
reaction that he didn't really say
anything but that's the kind of person
Kyle is he's a silent person he's shy
he's really shot at the camera he's not
used to being filmed I think it was
actually the first time he's been on
video so he liked it
that's cool glad you like the
PlayStation 4 happy birthday
enjoy your vacation and I'm looking at
the beautiful clouds it really does look
nice that's awesome
so that's gonna be it for today we'll
play with the ghost box I told my
throwback Thursday story talk to dad
Kyle got his PlayStation 4 for his
birthday if you want to check out that
video the link is below
glad you liked the Kyle glad you liked
it Kim you can alien the silver thing is
called PlayStation Plus she I guess
she's used to have an xbox gold and if
you have silver Xbox and you can't watch
Netflix and stuff which is absurd
PlayStation you don't have to pay a you
know live fee just to get access to
something
so anyway I'm glad you guys like it hope
you guys like the video ghost box that
was strange
check out Huff porn poor animal hospital
his link is below you can check out some
of his stuff so that's it thank you very
much you guys like subscribe favorite
and that's it
