what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and last night was the Jimmy
Kimmel I hopped on pop so today is weigh
in Wednesday and I just weighed myself I
decided not to record it because it's
fucked I weighed 340 pounds I don't know
what I did wrong I didn't cheat on the
diet this week uh granted I haven't been
walking lately maybe that has something
to do with it but I didn't cheat on the
diet and I gained I think what is 5 6
pounds 8 pounds something like that
within the previous Wednesday weigh-in
and I think that the reason that I
gained the way is because I decided to
stop doing the Wednesday way and I think
maybe that sidetracked me I wasn't
keeping track I didn't have to worry
about it yeah that's way off I'm like in
the middle of going to the bathroom I
couldn't do like the middle of a subject
so I decided that I'm gonna start doing
the Wednesday weigh-ins again
I can't skip them every couple weeks I
got to do it every week otherwise I'm
gonna lose track so I'm doing the
Wednesday weigh-ins again today was 3:40
I don't want to step back on the scale
I'm so fat I broke a bed Oh anyone could
have broken up at I broke a fucking bed
something else I wanted to show is last
night when I was trying to get Bridget
return the light she just wasn't
grasping that we made a plan I was gonna
say okay
when I coughed on the light and we get
into the room I get in position and I'm
standing on this bucket ladder and I'm
going okay I guess the first cop doesn't
come up cuz I don't even hear it on
camera I use my ears all messed up can I
swap so I go but that didn't come up on
camera so maybe it wasn't loud so I know
Sarah Burchett argillite o light and
then she turns it on by then dad's
boring storing around huh huh
I only heard like check this out oh my
twist
god damn it Jimmy I'm gonna hop on pop
top that spotlight
okay now when I say when I call flip on
the lights okay
light
so anyway that's it for that did the hop
on pop for jimmy kimmel
maybe he'll use it maybe he won't use it
I the way it was fun I enjoyed doing the
video I'm sorry dad for breaking your
mattress
I accept your apology for threatening me
with the Taser
I am wearing a new Breaking Bad shirt
what's funny is a funny I'll be scary
when you say threw the phaser it's
awesome I love you saw it on video last
night but I totally shoved Bridget out
of the way my freaking shirt went up
halfway I mean your dad's oh my god ever
oh my god oh all I did was answer the
question Bridget well I take a bullet
for you no I want to take a taser gun
funny way hey what uh that's what
they'll be not no I'll let you supposed
to open it and that's how they clean oh
so you block in I still don't know
what's wrong my eye it's been twitching
all day again what oh don't say it
the computers my friend it wouldn't hurt
me maybe it would okay Bridget it is
time for you to play with me word
association
so I've never played it before I got to
come up with the first thing that comes
to my mind when you say words so say it
word pussy
asabi great food oh shit okay go ahead
Jimmy Kimmel maybe break my dad's bed
my loving father in my eyes twitching
Breaking Bad
greatest show in the history of
television I absolutely loved Breaking
Bad it's one of my favorite shows of all
time
Paul Heyman God as dad puts him I'm a
Paul Heyman guy and there goes the
camera again
goddamn this game sucks
don't have any my life
really now
yep
my dad oh I don't love this camera
though pyrolyze I don't have a car to
drive into one timing I can't drive an
absolute train wreck of a fail I can't
do it
word association fail back so this
morning I go to open my Sony Vegas saved
file that I had the montage for the
water challenge is on and it was gone it
got fucking delete it and I don't
remember deleting it but it's gone so I
had to spend the last three and a half
hours reading it and I don't think it
turned out as good I watched it I think
it looks good
so that music montage is gonna be coming
up at the very end of this video it's
gonna close out the video but I just
want to take a moment to say thank you
guys for first of all we asked you guys
to do the water challenge and you did it
and so many of you did it
and if I forgot anybody's video in this
montage I apologize it wasn't my
intentions you know I asked everybody to
send me them and a lot of people didn't
so I had to search for him and find the
videos and I got as many as I could see
but if I left yours out I apologize how
I'm not trying to be an asshole to you I
try to edit in as many as I could and I
really do appreciate all the support and
there goes my twitch it again
and I really do appreciate all the
support and grandpa appreciates it and
seriously thank you guys very much for
actually doing the challenge and sending
them to me and thank you guys and pretty
soon you're gonna see the video montage
for was it the music montage for the
water challenge and I use another steep
at Mike song montage that's when you use
three people three people get together
and then a menage-a-trois not montage
we'll make a video if you send us your
videos if you do in that cold water
challenge on my kool-aid I'm gonna
feature it on my video send it to me you
responding to grandpa's cold water
challenge and we're gonna make a video
with it we challenge you
well you say that well
yeah jump
No
fuck
I say
Oh
yeah yeah
yeah
okay that's it well don't you want to
say anything to the camera
oh I just want to say this is the
dumbest idea this is the craziest thing
I have been done and why I'm doing it
pretty much it's inside of my socks
