I was trying to record a sign back
though they said I dr. kind of like
iPhone or icarly yeah they said I
doctors like an app so anyway leverage
hey what's going on you guys
keep your camera here this mother just
kidding
so we are on our way to health first
here in North Charleston to get my test
results okay
getting our getting the test results
here we are okay that's scary for a
second
the cop which recording here for fun
okay you're funny for Cobb called me a
pig shut up pig
oh that's worried if it was hip was
nothing I put there right oh yeah you're
fine you can leave thank you
come take a seat in this room so what do
you think what do you think it is I
think it's nothing I think it was just
gas and shit I don't care about that
part that part is fine but they the
results cover everything
I heard cancers painful hear anything I
mean it's the only thing now that you
mention it Michael
it's okay it's not okay you're fucking
hot what is yello mean they're not
insured
oh no sending out a warning right now
there's a flash flood warning dad I got
Drive on the interstate so I'm less
important with the yellow and aren't I
know I had purple did look okay he's
good he's covered it
I get purple you know I'm here with red
nails Oh beautiful so when's Michelle's
birthday I'm celebrating blue fuck his
Michelle we're Michelle me Joseph is a
woman yeah next year I'm gonna make you
a king I know her birthday is sometime
in April yes
yeah I'll take it it better be even in
stuff though Michelle like some and
stuff I'll take two birthdays yeah get
Michelle speech in like fake eyelashes
in the dough Michelle likes man slow Oh
Michelle does not she likes making a big
fan of blu-rays and video games yeah yep
and she's a big reader
well what miss Michelle spirit cake um
ice cream cake all right
it's your fart no I also nigga a big
whiff of something stay
give us you it ain't me Austin
hey let's take those coffee cups they're
asking about the diet again oh my god
there's a counseling Oh God Oh Oh wish
me luck
guys he really is worried the shame of
Joe he really thinks else cancer I don't
I didn't ever say cancer I don't know
what it is what is this little spot on
my face oh I don't know looks a little
cancer so one of the reasons I did
decide to get checked out was because
another youtuber I saw boogie was
posting about it
totalbiscuit I don't watch his videos
I've never seen his videos but he has
over a million subscribers so it turns
out he has a form of like colon cancer
so it's pretty sad that somebody like
you know and he's saying to go get
checked out so here I am getting checked
out the lady told me that anything that
I have what choking a blood test well
here's to that so let's let's hope for
some good results today I definitely
think you I don't any shit out footballs
I don't necessarily think something that
is wrong but I'd like to know so here we
go finding out the results and just in
case I've got my counseling pamphlet
just got the test results I'm good I I
can't explain it I knew it everything
was all my normal levels I'm good so I'm
happy uh and that be to my weight today
was 339 pounds was what the fuck I
haven't done anything I haven't eaten
crazy what the hell man
that's frustrating
I weighed 339 pounds and I've been doing
everything I'm supposed to be doing for
the diet
oh well that's that but I'm normal I had
don't have cancer
my livers with my liver my livers my
liver is fine kidneys kidneys were fine
that's pretty cool so that's it right
now leaving the doctor everything was
normal
very cool that's awesome I told you she
told man here you go I want to help it
but I don't want to hurt it I'm really
sad for I don't know if we should touch
it it keeps falling over you want to
take the risk and pick it up but it
looks like he's left it mom pick it up
there you go we're trying to help this
dog get home without touching it it
looks like it's this for typing it's
like a newborn dude it's families all
the way over there
they won't we barely touched it Baba
buddy
it accepted okay Emily's doctor you
better get out of here
get the hell out of here oh my god it's
so cheap sup Bella shit about that life
you about that life quad hey quit eating
that stuff hi hooting that red shit quit
in that red shit you put around flower
we have been in there watching orange is
the new black we're finally gonna finish
the season today well we're on the final
episode orange is the new black we have
to wait another year which sucks I hate
waiting all these times to watch new
episodes of television yeah then after
that we are gonna unpack and this
thing's starting to fog up again there
we go so we're gonna unpack we're gonna
finish orange is the new black no no
we're gonna finish orange is the new
black then we're gonna unpack good
Sunday well here we go we are gonna
start unpacking again we had a lot of
stuff going on and we just sort of let
it pile up and forgot about it not now
we're gonna finish what we started here
we go Thomas start unpacking here's my
other board I bought I was gonna do
myself a draw my life video
I bought this the day we did dad's draw
my life video and we all saw how that
turned out
ah ah how do those draw my life videos
work how do I set the camera to record
it you know
does anybody have directions if you do
send me a message to my DMS and I'll
check it out see how it's done cuz I
want to do it right I don't know if the
way I was doing when Dad was correct
because it didn't look that good luckily
he destroyed it like he did so if you
guys know how to do the draw my life
send me a message tell me how to do it
how I can set the camera so I can do it
correctly that way sometime in the
future I'll do a draw my life cuz I got
fucked up life to tell just so you guys
can get update as we're doing it
the living room is almost empty
unwrapped a little the Ottoman but all
this crap we're gonna soar through got
some stuff on the table still doing it
still want it but we are doing the
living room finite where you want to
hear yeah along the wall Oh strong man
whoa no no to the left little back more
it's good be getting back tomorrow so
we're good push it back more see that's
gotta be good it's gotta be it's gotta
come out from this is good yeah oh no no
no no no little to the left
lots of what when you go here it's there
right littles right I should push it all
the way to the wall went back this way
to the left here to the right I mean
that that is my left
tell me right now last time a movement
if you better make it count
are you moving your damn stuff we rack
my go to know why you moved I wonder if
you push it into that long which is my
love this sucks
now you want the share of this no no
there you go whoa that's it you know Oh
God
Pope jr. I think well I think I want
that couch over here it was just there
I don't like it there it looks ugly yeah
swell your mom's life in hell you
actually move it you're gonna you plan
on keeping it there there's live in hell
I didn't notice them she said to lay
down just look at what does that mean
Michael movies oh well here I swear on
my mom's life in hell I suppose live in
highways over here slowly now I go down
the audio myself and if you didn't say
it I'm gonna fucking put fire to this
couch okay you can slow down the audio
here looking good
Seema just have a seat
big comfortable Oh put it in the corner
Wow yeah yeah wait no no you got to move
it this way a little bit
move what what way my studies the couch
it's open cup ouple all right Center at
Michael what huh
that's good a little to the that's it
bro oh thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite test results baby I'm
Gordon right thanks for watching we're
just gonna start doing this shit herself
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite that's it I gotta tell you
something
