so we are starting orange is the new
black season 2 airs on Netflix started
at 3 in the morning just put up the new
vlog that I did today a lot of people
are disliking the bridge because of your
nasty here you have repulsive ears
according to you to meriting a dislike
so orange is the new black gonna start
watching that oh yeah what's going on
you guys keep you out of camera here
this vlog is starting at 351 in the
morning so that's it for today
yeah we just watched Desperate
Housewives all over and we just finished
it and some some shit is going down in
this prison I gotta turn this off wake
up oh it's orange new black fellas just
to wake up I wanna watch TV yeah oh no
my phone you freakin bailout Michael
please wake up
what time is it
it's like Ken would've been only seven I
just really want to watch this show I
don't want to watch it like this come on
look at French Oh things are man Jesus
Christ what the hell are these spaghetti
squash I died put a sauce on it
pears never gonna pears apples apples
more apples god damn I bet that hurt if
you settle it
Oh grandpa just might do you know and
one deal we got going on over there
let's go check it out younger then they
got a grilling cookout now this is an
open-air market I swear to god they got
the best produce around the all-new
flowers one raw what I love them plans
man you got any dollar plan sir now you
would be the dollar Jesus Christ a
pretty though
I'm impressed a crazy bear moment like
one of these let's do that bitch hey you
little all we'll be doing this shit
ain't you little what are you about 66 -
yeah you need help man will you think
you are Hulk Hogan damn you boy
we're live weird that's wrong or no then
your guns against Cobra soldiers ha ha
ha well you've got that fun Michael you
need to get paid for that ok guys really
stop telling me what your super body
fella scared of you
leave me alone I'm serious you're so
good at it is it the monologue okay you
don't lay there all day Bella oh my god
get Barry okay
hey della alright let's play
oh hey Bella we have been watching
orange is the new black all day I love
it
it started last night at 3 o'clock in
the morning as you saw at the beginning
of the vlog we started watching it last
night if you've never seen orange is a
new black
check it out it's on Netflix it is a
Netflix exclusive so check out orange is
the new black it's about this chick who
goes to prison it's a you would think
it's a chick show but I actually really
like it it probably is Jake show but I
like it either way everyone kind of show
we need freakin on tag we still got that
living room done tag oh man Claus
yawning he think it's a bad idea
no you guys think we should unpack they
definitely think so belicoff it's via
shipment
just say you know we won't be unpacking
the living room today well nope
and I record you doing it we're not
doing either of those things we got
almost everything unpacked it's that
some boxes that need to be unpacked
well that's observant of you so not
unpacking today that's it
excuse me no I don't got this you got
this a lot of these boxes are empty
really some of those fellas are freaking
out if you want mama to do it alone
she'll freak out okay so the question is
are we going to unpack or are we gonna
watch TV okay
no double points but different girls
with different points
we got to see if the peanuts are done
yet or the peanuts done yet
well can look at that no they're not but
you know this time of year you get with
your tape are you taking what you get oh
my god check out in peanut onions man
I'm so glad peanuts back I didn't miss
in my peanut
how long you been cooking peanuts I love
it do you know how to cook peanuts the
north one Dale are you doing in South
Carolina Ohio
well I can't stick to MIT I got I got a
lot of you look I got a lot of younger
than Ohio you all say hi to him we got a
pig roads going on you got legs waving
there you got Meg's wife cooking it in
she's a pig I think you might have I'm
Carly grandpa
that's a nice setup bill oh man yeah
let's show the whole world you're young
to get up oh my god oh my god young uns
check this out
oh my god yours if y'all ever seen here
oh man that pig is Park Wow yo your net
young is half I think y'all we gotta do
okay come on support tell me we run bill
forensic Pennsylvania what the hell are
you doing in South Carolina
remember the southern yeah I guess that
works
I like your cooker man alright young
enough of grandpa
oh you got another little grill would
you cook on that bill hi hot dogs were
the kid oh yeah I'm your hand okay so
another birthday gift just keep coming
on it's obviously a bullet see knives
Hey oh wow another corner I'm cooking
everything you need to know to make
fabulous food sorry I had any extra
leverage you guys rice pudding oh my god
I love rice pudding chicken stir-fry
with rice noodles well that's gonna be
it for today
we watched orange is the new black all
day grandpa goes to the open-air market
and he messes with a guy cooking up
freaking pig on the grill Helen good day
got some got a Gordon Ramsay book
tomorrow I'm gonna be going to grandpa's
house and I think that we're gonna be
doing the ice water challenge you know
everyone's been say hey I challenge
grandpa daddy ice water challenge so if
you guys want to see it click like and
we will challenge grandpa of the ice
water challenge tomorrow with that Walt
bone oh it's Kim hello recording a vlog
say hello so Kim just called me
interrupting the ending to my video I
want to pretty shit I want to thank you
for ham thanks a lot I'm gonna talk to
Kim on the phone made you my outro so
I'm gonna talk to my sister so thanks
for watching you guys click like if you
want to see grandpa do the ice water
challenge tomorrow we will finish
packing I've now set a bridge we have to
do it tomorrow we're gonna finish oh
that's a packing them and I'm backing
tomorrow he'll finish unpack we're gonna
finish that two woofers that's tonight
hopefully
so thanks for watching you guys Kimmo
say goodbye Oh Kim's better than me
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite and Kim say that's it
