what's going on you guys QB on camera
here and right now we're in the process
of giving dressed because Bridget has an
air appointment we went the other day to
the doctor to give her ear looked at and
she couldn't hear at it so they had to
make an appointment she has to go right
now they're gonna look at the tubes are
gonna stick a camera in her ear and I'm
gonna record it I'm gonna record in the
doctor's office I'm gonna record them
going into a year I'm assuming it's
gonna look disgusting
today is throwback Thursday so tonight I
got a story for you
but first got to go to the doctor with
Bridget are you change a shirt man I
love it I'm glad and I'm starting to
stink that's what the deodorants for is
there anything wrong winter sure for two
weeks straight without watching it or
taking a bath my go ain't bad Bridget
seems to think I need a bath so I'm
gonna take my bath right now pick that
up we're taking a bath I'm taking a bath
just not like shit is it my eyes wait
no you don't up oh my god I love that
Cologne nautical voyage when you don't
want to take a bath
so we are on our way to and eared oh
this one TNT
so we're our winter Charleston ent we're
just getting her ears checked
oh can you book in a closer place good
I'm not right so we're here at Boston
ent yeah and you're gonna sweat your ah
that's great
really yeah if they don't I'm gonna be
pissed
cuz I really like seeing it so those are
the size of tubes yeah I have the Sun
that one yep that third one
whatever like you two moms know I've
never seen little ones before
you're too
confusing upward
so
so I'm going to do is put drops in there
now I suspect before that tube was
facing upward so you're probably putting
the drops in there but they weren't
getting up and through the tube into the
middle ear yeah the bridges mom just
showed up as we're leaving he's here so
you feel confident yeah I do
well um they had to reposition my tube
and he actually saw we would pull
sitting in my ear it was disgusting in
the tube it was really gross hit it on
camera of course and um one of them
vomit sufficient and there was white
crap around who's this it's your
birthday card
I don't celebrate birthday sundae my mom
loves you could you that I did uh-huh
it's my artwork I thought you had one of
the dogs put a pen in his mouth and you
thing there are worse no there's nothing
worse than oh oh we're going to the
movies Bridget oh well I appreciate it
your cruciate on anything yes we're
going to the movies now you can't deny
can't reject it
now mama hug no I don't do that and stay
pink Jason the appreciate even though
there are there are no worse things in
getting over Oh cancer which I probably
have that you don't
yeah I was starting to be convinced that
I had like a brain tumor she's a heavy
contract like I am
quiet Bella just listening to the
lawnmower together
so as it turned out bridges tube in her
ear was actually turned inward and she
can already hear a lot better the air
drop she was getting was not getting
into the drum because the tube was
turned and the liquid could not go down
her ear so they turned it they put some
more air drops in and we're gonna see if
that fixes her hearing problem her mom
gave me a gift card for Fandango not the
wrestler phone dongle but Ben dango the
movie website recombined movie tickets
she gave me a gift card for Fandango and
I appreciate it Thank You Cindy for the
birthday present I appreciate it I
didn't expect it well
it's throwback Thursday and I decided to
tell a story a continuation of a story
that my sister told the other day on her
vlog so if you want to see her vlog
click the link below in a nutshell she
told a story about a time when we were
kids and what we used to do is we'd go
into the bathroom we put soap all over
the floor and we put it on the bottoms
of our feet and we'd ice skate she made
me be Brian Boitano what would Brian
Boitano do and she would be Kristi
Yamaguchi and we'd be doing like sky
skating in the bathroom I've been trying
to do triple axels and I'd be slipping
we'd be busting her ass and dad busted
into the room was screaming at us I told
you mother fucka not to do that you
shouldn't have fucking dead dad and he
was pissed he always hated it when we
would ice skate in the bathroom so one
night we were doing our ice skating got
all over our feet
she won as usual because she rigged it
by giving me a low score and I would
always give her a high score so she'd
win I don't know why and we were ice
skating we I keep saying ice skating we
were just so skating across the bathroom
floor but we were so skating and when we
were done we didn't clean up the mess
and we would have soap laundry soap
laundry detergent soap shampoo whatever
we could throw on that floor mixed with
water so it would be slippery as fuck
and we go to bed we decided we had fun
it's time for bed we wouldn't even wash
our feet before we go to bed we would
have soap all on the bed and stuff so
we're sleeping we forget about
everything and then all of a sudden
whatever time some
point in the middle of the night we here
hey motherfucking goddamn bitch
dad decided to go to the bathroom in the
middle of the night and they slipped and
busted his ass on the bathroom floor
because we forgot to clean up the soap
we all ran out because the house was
shaking we don't know if there was an
earthquake or what the fuck was going on
boy run out in the trailer on this dad
yeah running at us with a plunger in his
hand
it seemed that when Dad was scared in
the bathroom he would always grab a
plunger it's like the you know the video
where I put the snake in his bed with
him he grabs a plunger with my weapon
so there's dad soap in his hair she's
hair like puffed out here cuz it got
soap on it you can see his pants are wet
he's wet all on the side and there he is
you motherfuckers and of course here's
me and Kim three o'clock in the morning
taking off running out the trailer
because we don't want to be hit by dad
so we run out the trailer screaming it
was like the scene on Halloween where
the kids ran outside because Michael
Myers was in the house all the
surrounding trailers lights started
turning on dad's at the front door
holding out the fucking plunger you
motherfuckers you wait till I give it
holy oh goddamn ass he never got a hold
of us we were too fast but that's the
story I wanted to tell dad's slipping in
the bathroom and busting his ass because
we decided to go ice skating on the
bathroom floor
there was one time we put soap only in
the bathtub so we slipped and fell out
of the bathtub he flipped out I guess
tomorrow the story is that should have
been checking before I will put his feet
on the ground
you got kids who would like to ice skate
in the bathroom sorry dad
