dude we gotta fix this do this bad
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here to us yeah right there
you today is for tonight Friday for
tonight Friday I approve of that one
usually she cusses usually she has a
pink mouth for tonight Friday I approve
of guys today is Friday and today we are
just chilling having a good time hanging
out having a fun Friday today it's just
that day I don't want to do anything
tonight right all I want to do is look
for night it's Friday
we've been playing too much for tonight
though Mike we didn't vlog it all guys
it is actually Friday so like we didn't
vlog it all yesterday because a
fortnight this game has taken too much
of our time I just want to have a good
day acted like you don't love it I love
fortnight okay so it's amazing guys guys
today is Friday today we're playing a
fortnight and today we're having fun it
is national puppy day so I am gonna film
our doggies hi dogs okay they already
came inside off elbow hey Belle happy
national puppy day hey puppy hey Bella
okay I wanted to film the dogs I was
hoping I could film them for national
puppy day but I couldn't that's all
right day starting now crap already
please turn around day
I don't fulfill with it but there it is
I saw and I was like I'm getting this on
film
that thing was so hard to read like
which could you imagine somebody
proposed that way no I couldn't I
wouldn't be able to see it so I miss
lightly what somebody may Wilma like if
you propose that way you better give her
something oculars the day just keeps
getting worse I caught you lazy you can
run but I call you you turn up paper
y'all got a pretty severely what what
hustle beer where this day was supposed
to be great it was supposed to be a
happy fun optimistic I loved today
Friday for 90 Friday so before my
Friday's open he's a glass
Michael Michael what no what is what's
wrong I can't lose weight no matter what
I do I can't yes you can what's wrong
dude I've been dieting for a week of an
eating grilled chicken and vegetables
and drink a frickin water
and Bradley elliptical gave four pounds
you gained four pounds I gained
it's my supposed dinner bro starving to
death here to be fair it was a week how
long's it been like three days or so
gave four families maybe you just have
to crab bro I'm going to crush a chair
at wrestling no you're not yeah I'm
gonna crush the chair and I'm gonna be
sitting like this and hey how you doing
this is Michael what are you doing I
don't know okay you're overreacting
chill your prop maybe you're not losing
weight because your stress you're very
stressed
your stress that's probably why you're
not losing weight not to mention you're
only on the elliptical ones you had one
cup of water in three days I can see why
you probably gained four pounds you know
we can't lose weight clink for tonight
all damn day no it isn't but seriously
calm down you are stressed that's why
you're not losing weight and it's only
been three days
you can't quit you can't give out done
no let's go to KFC I'm done no we're not
done we can do this boy I'm so hungry
that I'm weak
you don't look weak you have to tell I'm
sorry what are you doing
for my splurge I don't think so Michael
oh my god I kind of still want those no
no these are trash honey oh well you
know that's what you get now chill out
I'm not cleaning this either
oh I'm sorry no you're not very snoring
it's always funny
why are we finding out we better break
up it's over we're doing why Michael
stop calm down I'm not taking it out on
you you've just pissed off and I'm
yelling and you happened to be following
me with a camera so it's just stop I'm
sorry they lose any weight it's only
been three days
it's not that I did lose I gained why
did I eat yesterday like chicken
sandwiches a freaking girl chicken
sandwich a handful of crunchberry
but come on
compare that to talk about McDonald's of
Burger green that I hate the day before
do that stop filming
okay you clearly have like a farm crap
are you laughing
yes I'm look it's fine I caught it you
don't quit I quit one no legit you going
to Sonic for a footlong good luck
getting there guess well they breach on
my phone I was telling to kick rocks I
don't believe you won't do that I'll do
that
Bridget if the man's hungry the man's
hungry get some cereal chill out babe
you
seriously overreacting what are you
doing no this is so gross oh it's
freaking stop broccoli chowder soup it
will be thinking broccoli cheddar it's
getting into the four four cracks oh my
god well we have to move now
what we have to me why because we can't
live in a house but thirty four bar
decried what are we supposed to do here
I don't know just get it up I'll figure
I'm trying can't get me solo bro Michael
get lower
I can't got this how do they came four
pounds my goal is probably crap love me
you're gonna clean this up if you loved
me you'd clean it out okay so we're at
an impasse knife us love each other do
they love me of course I do
you're cleaning it now I don't love you
we've answered the question you don't
love me you gotta clean it you need do
it either way you're doing it for about
a week now I've been trying to take
better care of myself I've been trying
to eat better I've been trying to I
don't like using the word diet anymore
because it's got to be a lifestyle
change and I've been trying to do that
I've been eating grilled chicken and
vegetables and drinking water and riding
the elliptical like everybody says that
I should be doing and here we are four
days later and I've gained four pounds
from when I started that's the reason
I'm so frustrated and I'm sorry that
that got on camera I'm sorry that you
had to see that
I'm sorry I'm just frustrated man I was
so optimistic about today I was like wow
this is gonna be awesome this is gonna
be a great day all right
and then yeah now it's not they fell
apart on me just
everybody tells me you know lose weight
you need to lose weight and when I try I
fail and it's discouraging so guys I
need some ideas on how to do this
because it's not working for me I wanted
to lose weight before Wrestlemania
because the last time Jim saw me I was
like 20 pounds lighter than I am now and
I'm proud I'm pretty sure I'm gonna
crush a chair or I just wanted to
explain myself why I'm so upset that's
the reason trying to lose weight big
surprise hello surprise trying to lose
weight it just so happens that it ain't
working
how glad are we talking to this pretty
end this sounds bad rosewater everywhere
oh dude we gotta fix this do this is bad
what happened
housing was coming to fix this farmer
what have you got on it right now doctor
just cut the water off oh my god
dude there's freaking water oh my god
everywhere holy crap
so what do we do to call plumber well
too wet to go to Lowe's the day just
goes from bad to worse dramatically
worse we have a leak apparently it's
severe
Doug's covered in water the bathrooms
filled up what do we do
you know mom
yeah rugs are wet so one minute
the toilets making noise and we don't
know why in the next minute it's
exploding water everywhere oh this is
disgusting it's toilet water
oh what are we gonna do what kind of
plumber do I need any plumbing experts
out there what do we do I am really
hoping that I filmed when that water
sprays and ugh space and if I did maybe
we see a replay Doug I appreciate your
help
but now unfortunately we need to get a
real plumber this this is supposed to be
a good day I got glass in my foot I
gained weight the alarm started going
off for no reason I don't know why that
happened
today sucks well Doug I do appreciate
your help I'm sorry that he's got
sprayed in the face I got it on film
though I was looking at the footage I
got it on film you should be happy about
that I think you have a feel like you
drank water did you just drink toilet
water as much as today has softened it's
been a horrible day gaining way then
like the toilet hello this has been the
worst national pet day of my life
however I don't know maybe we do toilet
working now you might lose a little bit
of weight well I can go take a dump the
toilets not working what do you mean
toilet working they'll be working before
I leave I don't think it will be bad you
got all you just swallowed a gallon of
water you want to make it two guys as
much as this been a horrible day it's
brought me like I'm happier past couple
of days I've been totally depressed
seeing Doug get sprayed in the face with
water really kept me up I'm feeling
pretty good how about you Doug oh yeah
that was pretty funny I don't I got a
why well that's gonna be a friend a you
guys thanks for watching today was not a
good day this was like the worst I ever
live it's been a great day for me no lie
she's just gonna sit back and join the
whole thing what's so funny like you
know how you feeling better after saying
that happened to my dad
yeah well I've been feeling better seen
that happen to you dad so I'm still
gonna play fort night tonight it's still
fortnight when I fry days over guys
I hope you had a great fortnight Friday
oh I have one of the worst Friday's of
my life guys get me out of here thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite fun
everything for to us and that's it okay
I just gotta be honest though I am sorry
I mean I feel bad that I didn't lose any
weight I don't want to talk about it I'm
fine days over
you
