excuse me we don't know that guys what's
going on you guys kick me out of camera
here right there and today has been
utter humiliation after humiliation so
for the past couple of you know weeks
ever since the cyst that I had I felt
like the frequent need to urinate and
I'm not to speak up I know I'm not
talking about enough no don't speak I
have no choice
I felt the frequent need to urinate and
yeah today it finally was enough was it
okay it hurts I've got a pest like a
racehorse back pain I have a little back
pain so I come in here I'm in here for a
minute okay drop your underwear and yeah
she just grabs she's looking at you know
she's okay I don't see anything
yeah let's go ahead and get you set up
for an ultrasound okay great so then I
go to the ultrasound totally nude by the
way totally nude I got like a towel
covering my jungle and she's like doing
this thing all over II that goes with
about 10 minutes okay they do back next
up a CT scan which I can't move
only 15 minutes I'm just completely
still and this thing right the worst is
yet to come
now I come to the room and they give me
this baby yes they take blood from me
luckily I didn't pass out this time
thank God yeah the nurse was really good
she's really great
usually I pass it okay okay so oh look
let's just get right into it the worst
of the worst you're not ready for this I
have to walk out cuz I didn't want to
laugh she walks outside please stay she
comes in and she's like okay
CT scan came back normal okay
ultrasound came back normal blood work
came back normal
there's a little blood in your urine but
that's normal we couldn't see it it came
up on the microscope like okay there's
only one more thing what's that you need
a saw we need to check your prostate
okay how do we do that
like this gotta get naked get on my side
and she shoved fingers up my butt she
was in there bro seriously looking for
my pocket change shoe shoulder deep no
do you think that there's a nurse
shoulder deep in my butt yeah so she was
seven inches oh okay to the Fieldy pain
no I mean I felt it and she's like well
I had fingers up your butt so I hope so
guys what's going on keep me on the
camera here and there's something wrong
yes something this hurts did I get
everything out yes but at least like
everything's rolled out then what is it
what's going on I feel like I have to
pee always and nothing comes out
she's all like cancer is a Thanksgivings
coming up you realize I'm covering this
stop it when I cover cuz it doesn't stop
me alone so maybe no no you know right
now my butt feels wet the whole feels
like damp take this camera I can't hold
it I didn't want to come off as mean
like it was just implied heavily implied
that we should wait yeah I'm right heard
it but that's not the problem there's
something else what if it is yes she
goes okay we did our - we did a battery
of tests and it turns out you're fat so
basically you're telling me is I
literally have no medical choice but to
lose weight I think that was location it
was really good she was very very nice
very she needed me nice there was a guy
in here while she sucked the fingers on
my back I was like an EP like not here I
couldn't I didn't want to laugh and be
breathe I was all chuck and chicken fat
on my side they threw my leg propped up
you're right I will you get right here
this is the best embarrassing angle
what's the funny way
yeah I'm in misery but leaves
everything's fine
they gave me pain medicine I don't feel
anymore can we take any of that home
I don't think sounds like reformed look
it's like liquid ibuprofen she sighs
it's you think I have to be something
for pain yeah sure thanks I'm gonna give
you one today so you can see what a
profit no yeah you're still gonna give
you the exam no I'm good
what's today Tuesday I think literally
it's Wednesday
this is tomorrow's log oh it's actually
Wednesday guys today is Wednesday yeah
I think it's broken some German I ain't
good yes so we're leaving the hospital
yeah that was pretty funny always
pranking people I gotta say happen
somehow of course
Bridget didn't film it but it was like
it's airborne Jules hopefully I'm not
towed I forgot about that
oh god yeah Bridget parked in a space
that was meant for volunteers only yeah
and they have volunteer passes they
could put on their car yeah oh I'm still
there I see it we're good guys volunteer
today guys we're on our way home I don't
know what's going on hopefully he gets
better I know I woke up in misery and I
feels like my butt is leaking right now
oh man
I assume she like it's probably Baloo
that's probably what it is because
otherwise I did not want to see her
fingers okay this is getting a little on
the growth side yeah let's go home I'm
home you guys as you can tell the
quality is different oh we didn't bring
the camera with us to the hospital so
that whole part we had to fell on my
phone and oh my goodness I don't know if
I filmed it but a crow was on my roof
great that's exactly what I wanted to
see hopefully it's just one right did I
just go back from the hospital all right
it's just one it is actually the next
day everything that you just saw was
yesterday I came home at the end of the
vlog there I was on pain medication and
I was like yeah I'm good bro life is all
right things are a okay unfortunately I
got home and it wore off so I wasn't
having it last night was spent in total
misery and maybe I should have gone back
to the hospital I don't know I was
puking
I had a fever my stomach felt like I was
being stabbed to death guys I don't know
what's going on and they've ruled out a
lot of stuff like they gave me an
ultrasound to look for tumors or gall
stones nothing they gave me a CT scan to
see if there's anything that they're
missing nothing they did blood work to
see if there was anything abnormal
nothing that checked my urine to check
to see if and had an infection nothing
she checked my prostate to see if it was
swollen and maybe causing pressure
nothing guys I am at a total loss for
words I don't know what's going on I
don't know why this is happening I don't
know why I was so miserable last night I
just I don't know and it obviously it
has me worried this she told me
yesterday it's not cancer but I'm like
how do you really know and I know that
I'm a hypochondriac that's one of my
biggest problems I always think the
worst
so like when she tells me it's not
cancer I'm like well it probably is as
if I know more than a doctor but anyway
you guys that was what happened that was
yesterday and we don't have any answers
uh today I feel a lot better than
yesterday that feeling to urinate is
actually gone right now but I'm not
gonna press my luck they're probably
back in an hour you know I don't want to
jinx it I were like yeah I'm good as new
and the two hours later I'm like yeah
I'm sick again so I don't know what's
going on right now the pee feeling is
gone feels like it was a war in my
stomach like feels like like I had food
poisoning or something I don't know
I don't know what's going on man it is
what it is guys we're gonna continue
this vlog we got a little more life to
live and then we got to start for
tomorrow's vlog but yeah I was in the
hospital had my freakin prostate checked
which to me she had to stick fingers up
my butt and that was crazy and I was
totally nude and there was a guy in
there and it was strange and he got
jealous okay I can't blame him I would
be too guys let's continue this vlog
something ain't right and I don't know
what it is if you didn't see yesterday's
vlog you guys I uploaded I don't even
remember
bloating I'll be honest I came home and
edited it while feeling like like total
crap so I don't know what the vlog even
is I do remember it's about Jennifer and
Doug so if you haven't seen it I'm
pretty sure Jennifer's in love with Doug
check it out the link is below also just
in time for Christmas no stop
don't interrupt me anymore just in time
for Christmas that's what I thought just
in time for the holiday season you can
get angry grandpa shirts hoodies hats
and a special holiday sweater if you
haven't seen it guys
the link is below just in time for the
ho ho I said holiday just came inside of
my phone was going off Oh wake up
Michael all right I'm up oh my god guys
so right now Michaels talk to someone
about Thanksgiving and it's really funny
mustard brown sugar you do a mixture and
then they top the ham off okay it's a
mustard brown sugar yeah until you see
it like halfway
I'm listening to the conversation I'm
trying to have a private conversation
with my friend okay you sicko listen oh
that was nasty how's your friend filter
hearing that oh okay
take a wall what but it don't feel this
I'm not I was just going to the footage
take a roll oh my god don't yell at your
friend
well hey dressing cranberry boom turkey
no ham cranberry sandwich
antor oh that sounds so good I'm trying
to talk about Thanksgiving here I'm not
a part of Thanksgiving okay Bridget
wants us join our conversation so would
it be nice would you do Bridget you're
filming this on no I'm not I'm looking
at the footage like I told you I don't
want people think I'm hyped about
Thanksgiving okay I was just at the
doctor for weight reasons okay so can we
not film this I'm not filming it dude
what do you want for Thanksgiving okay
where I want to get a roll okay she's
doing the same thing on their watch and
and I want to put fried turkey on it
mm-hmm a little thing of Mac and Chee is
that okay yeah mine's already better man
she sucks on a roll no it doesn't look I
know about food okay I'm the one who was
in the hospital for it but I was the
hospital for white reasons oh you know I
I'm pretty sure I'm pretty overweight
myself you are recording no all right
I'll admit it yes I'm hype about
Thanksgiving okay
and you crapped your pants no I did not
it smells awful I did not what do you
expect I got a prostate exam okay yeah I
can't help it have fingers up my butt
now my butt's leaking say gross and
everybody out can we drop the cover yeah
talk about something else please
yeah I'm talking about Thanksgiving I'm
excited how can we frickin tell
Thanksgiving were supposed to be dieting
you know I was kind of thinking Michael
I think I'm gonna quit the diet quit the
diet yeah hold on I gotta wake up again
folks hold on another alarm I'm up you
just say you're gonna quit the diet yeah
I think I'm just gonna quit the diet
like it's too much that's too stressful
when did we start it well I'm already
quitting before we get there like I
bought pizza last night before I passed
out right back no I didn't poop my pants
this time whatever okay guys we're gonna
be doing this outro guys let me know in
the comments section way you're excited
for for Thanksgiving also let me know in
the comments section what you're
thankful for but I will not do a vlog
called pickle boys thankful no I did
want a couple years ago when it
flatlined dude nobody care I think I
zero views so anyway it was like I
listed still Happy Thanksgiving that's
coming up really soon guys let's get
this mussels get the vlog started and
I'm in the middle of most at the end of
it tweet me pictures of your
Thanksgiving guys I want to see it all
Bridget like eats vicariously through
you guys let's do this outro well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching hopefully I start to feel
better we're actually gonna be starting
the vlog for tomorrow and the next five
minutes Oh guys thanks for watching like
I said that off everything from
yesterday I fell asleep and had to
finish today how do you feel me I feel
better than yesterday I mean yesterday I
felt like I don't know I swallowed a
science experiment or something and it
was like I think what I'd really
actually think I think it was stress and
anxiety over while I would dad yes
mm-hmm
guys stresses a killer my blood pressure
when I got there was like 190 and that's
not a joke
no I thought it was but it wasn't God
they read it when I left and I went down
to 130 okay which is still hot but he
has white coat syndrome on top of
anxiety and stress white coat syndrome
guys is basically when you see doctors
you freak out and when they take your
blood pressure
yeah it's higher than normal anyway I
don't talk about any more medical stuff
we're getting out of here thanks for
watching guys we're not going to be
doing a Shannon video this year for
obvious reasons I just have fingers up
my butt okay let's just let this one
slide hopefully we'll have one for
Christmas thanks for watching you guys
if you want stuff from the store the
link is below
Christmas isn't coming like subscribe
just ignore it favorite fun everything
you
