what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here and today bridge West air I
just saw that just here here okay here
and today is Wednesday way it's
Wednesday not doing away in today if you
didn't see my vlog from the other day
yet check it out it explains why I'm not
doing the Wednesday away and today there
will be a Wednesday weigh-in this
Wednesday and it feels awkward I want to
weigh myself because I want to know
where I'm at but I know that I need to
refrain from doing that because it's not
good but this Wednesday I will be doing
another Wednesday weigh-in I should be
getting the results back from that test
very soon it's been a hellacious week I
think I have everything because I don't
know what's going on here fine you never
know I don't have the pain anymore I
don't have the pain so it might have
been stressed related maybe once I got
rid of the Wednesday way in concept and
and worrying about if I'm gonna make
weight on Wednesdays you know maybe that
helped it cuz I don't I'm coughing
because that's how I would feel at most
or sneezing so that's what's happening
right now today is what I keep one to
say it
today's Wednesday so we were just
leaving the house to go to Walmart our
favorite place and there was a package
sitting outside there was other stuff
Bridge you got me now I didn't record I
didn't show you guys everything Brizzy
got me for my birthday
cuz the video was a 30 minutes long but
she got me lots of books and colognes
and you know she's all the breaking bad
stuff in games and books and the Ovilus
and the Ovilus and this I'm guessing
there's another book she told me I had
more books coming this is my Christmas
with Gordon book thanks Bridget you're
welcome we got to make something out of
this man a little one of these books you
got me somebody cookbooks I gotta make
something out of it but as I said I'm a
human of Gordon Ramsay fan real
literally a massive quarterback I am too
I'm a huge Gordon Ramsay fan I think the
guys really cool and really really cool
and even when he's an asshole I think
he's cool oh I know
blue team come here
the risottos like baby vomit anyway love
water Ramsey
thanks for the book Bridget yeah okay I
got more coming right yep so just now I
posted for people to start sending some
Twitter questions gonna answer your
questions now let's see what we got in
your opinion what was the worst match
from your favorite wrestler or just one
of your favorites well first things
first I like your name rap game Rick
Moranis I'm assuming that's the Honey I
Shrunk the Kids guy you're talking about
I can't think of any bad matches from my
favorite wrestlers but if I had to think
of a bad match from decent wrestlers
that I do like it would be Triple H
versus Scott Steiner at Royal Rumble
2003 horrible match it was built up so
high that match was built up for mums
and it turned out to be a huge pile of
shit so Scott Steiner vs. Triple H from
the Royal Rumble horrible just a
horrible match I know you're agnostic
what's grandpa uh grandpa is a Christian
he believes in God I used to go to
church all the time he I believe his
Baptist I believe well yeah he's a
Christian Paul Murphy says what did you
think of Seth Rollins turning on the
shield I think it's you know the best
thing for the shield the group can't go
on forever no stable and wrestling needs
to go on forever
the shield ran its course it was
starting to become stale they had a lot
of really good matches but it's time for
them to split up and I really think
we're coming down to Roman reigns being
a huge star in the company possibly a
champ within the next two years for sure
why can't you drive phobia I am scared
to death to be on the street I'm scared
to death to ride in the passenger side
my phone's ringing please follow me dad
calling you one thing about you cabott
don't you give all of them a suits are a
sizzle where's my god what are you
talking about right now Street right oh
my god do it yes I saw the tablet the
crafting your tablet what about it oh
how I beat all the goddamn Yuta for the
fucking short
Manman jelly without color screen
motherfucker the one help my girl you
son-of-a-bitch
they were goddamn brothers the
motherfuckers he's a hater
I can't smell it might be a goddamn
Japanese mother fuck us was that yes ace
is the same as my laptop well judge you
as you leave my power motherfuckers just
like a charger and by two strikes
come on ah ah
so that was dad he was telling me that
he got a tablet it cracked I'm guessing
he broke it somehow he cracked his
tablet he apparently paid for a warranty
on it and neither telling them they're
not gonna honor the warranty and he's
pissed off about it would you accept
this dare I dare you to grow out your
facial hair fully awesome vlogs by the
way can I get a shout-out
uh I don't shave anyways this is just
how it turns out my beard just won't
grow out like I got it's like I go and
grow pubes or may like I had mange or
something cuz it grows in patches and
little wispy hairs and stuff yeah I try
to grow my facial hair I fully like I'm
you know shaving it or anything
I've already followers or dare it's just
not working and shout-out by the way to
William I know who you are that's the
guy about the CM Punk shirt probe I kind
of gave you a shout out then but here's
another shout out for you Jonathan says
are you going to VidCon this year if so
let's meet up well Jonathan I had to
make a decision if I was going to VidCon
or not because the opportunity arose and
I'm probably going to be going to
SummerSlam this year in fact I'm going
to SummerSlam this here
WWE SummerSlam and I couldn't go to both
SummerSlam and VidCon so I had to make a
decision which one I wanted to go to and
decided to go to SummerSlam
so I'm going to SummerSlam this year not
going to VidCon
I'm trying to convince dad to go to
SummerSlam with me he said he wanted to
go to Wrestlemania but he didn't go he
said he wanted to go to all those other
wrestling's but he didn't go I'm trying
to get grandpa to go to SummerSlam with
me people tweeting and
tell grandpa to come to SummerSlam
whatever happened to life with Mikey I
thought it was pretty good
any chance of a season two uh there's
always a chance I mean I love doing life
with Mikey it's very fun but I just sort
of got sort of lost track and didn't do
them anymore if you guys don't know what
life with Mikey is it is a video series
that I was doing in my spare time where
I was pretending to be Michael Myers
with a family and a life take a look at
this
well I do more probably you never know I
still got the mask I got to get another
jumpsuit cuz I've gained considerable
amount of weight since then have you
ever gotten high uh I mean yeah I have
the other day I posed it preach it
professor
and it says with great power comes great
responsibility
Professor X and this got responded I
don't think that's Professor X he's bald
this guy is outfit from The Dark Knight
he never said those quotes this guy
doesn't understand this is called troll
quotes have you never heard of them it
is when you make it look like somebody
said something that they didn't say and
it's even the wrong person who said it I
had to show this tweet somebody sent
says I think there's an apostle on my
town of you two I think here that that
is crazy that that is an awesome picture
thanks for study that's of availeth
great so Chelsea says her life would be
made if we give her a shout out so shout
out to Chelsea your life is now made
James said what are your top ten
wrestling themes okay if I had to choose
top 10 wrestling themes
I'm gonna go number 10 Kurt Angle number
9 CM Punk
number 8 Triple H number 7 mr. McMahon
number 6 DX number 5 Ric Flair number 4
mr. perfect
number 3 the ECW theme song number 2
gold dust and number 1 the Undertaker
how can you not have the Undertaker's
and can you get a follow you absolutely
can
hey Hillary 2016 Jeremiah says it would
be nice to get a shout out I've watched
all your videos inscribed all your
channels huge fan so shout out to
Jeremiah I'm really glad you watch all
the videos I'm really glad you're
subscribe to all the channels I
appreciate all your support so thanks a
lot today I got some new books while I
went to Walmart
can we go purple with all those other
books no take me forever to read all
this let's see here I got the Cuckoo's
calling if you don't know what the
Cuckoo's calling is it says is written
by Robert Galbraith or whatever the hell
they say his name is but that's actually
a pseudonym this was actually written by
JK Rowling under a fake name so this is
the Cuckoo's calling I'm going to check
this out I've not yet read it gonna read
it and I got this book the most
dangerous animal of all searching for my
father and finding the Zodiac killer so
it's a book about the Zodiac killer and
this dude thinks that is his father that
his dad is the Zodiac killer
so this is gonna be an interesting read
it's got a really cool cover I really
like this so I'm gonna get a reading
pretty soon got a lot to start reading
what's doing Bella nothing
woman stop talking so I had some people
asking me why I didn't do a vlog
yesterday and for one I just didn't feel
good yesterday I just didn't feel up to
making a vlog wasn't really feeling well
so I decided to stay in bed and sleep
yes it was a sleep day so I didn't
really get to record much anyway so by
the end of the day I decided I wasn't
gonna edit it up and so that's why I
didn't put up a vlog yesterday I wasn't
feeling good wasn't feeling well wasn't
feeling up to it worried about my test
results cuz I don't know what its gonna
say hey man Bella I need you to tell mom
to stop doing that okay hey someone has
to know if we're gonna get anywhere dogs
no well give me your paw boom get rid of
the other dog to just keep you oh
alright we're gonna drop them off at no
I'm given
Bella hop up on this chair if you wanna
get rid of everybody oh man yeah Bella
Mako look if you want to attack me at
home I didn't cry over it all this into
it
hey you guys how was your day good well
that's gonna be about it for today
almost first I wanted to take about
something that happened yesterday took
the dog so last night we decided to let
the dogs out
it was dark like this it's known as I'm
starting a horror story it was a night
just like this it was a night just like
this and we took the dogs out and all of
a sudden they start to flip it out the
dogs started flipping out and they ran
over to the fence and Bella's barking
and Clyde's barking and lazy's barking
and when lazy bars but anyway they were
barking they were freaking out then all
of a sudden we heard another noise that
was not the dogs it was more like a I
don't know what the noise was we never
figured out Bridgette thinks that it was
a possum we don't know what it was we
looked up clips on YouTube of what
possums sound like and it was similar so
Bridgette thinks that was a possum I
don't know what it was well what do you
think it was you don't know
so that's gonna be it today today it's
going to be it for today answer some
Twitter questions and waiting for my
test results to come back fingers
crossed and thanks for watching you guys
hope you liked the video and even though
I'm not doing the video you can still
tweet me at lyrical rap and I'll talk to
you on Twitter I'm still answering
questions just now I'm not gonna be
recording it but it will be answered by
Layla I will be answering some questions
on Twitter so that's it like subscribe
favorite that's it
