what's going on you guys queue behind
the camera here
keep behind the camera here I was weird
keeping any camera here anyway it was
about 7:30 p.m. Sunday night and I just
got back from the doctor and I read all
the comments always fed that's Italian
I've had stomach pains lately and I know
the comments for that oh maybe should
eat so much so went to the doctor I was
having it's it's just on my left side
and every time I would call for sneeze
it would really severely hurt
so they took blood oh yes okay so they
took my blood this is probably gonna
bruise ISA head and I'm gonna have the
results back in about a week she's
checking for everything I told her I'm a
hypochondriac so I told her to check for
cancer check for brain cancer she
checked in for diabetes and I came up
negative shockingly you would think with
all the sugar that I eat that I do not
have know that I would have diabetes but
what was my blood sugar level 92 so I
was like 92 or something such as I hope
you're not diabetic so that's cool not
diabetic all week I'm gonna be thinking
I got something wrong with me
something's going on what could it be as
a cancer is it over Nia and it could
very well be a hernia because when I got
the gallbladder surgery they went in
through my belly button and that caused
a problem and I gained weight so my
belly button has been starting to come
out like this so that's my belly button
so it started to come out she said that
if I gain any more weight that it will
turn into a hernia so that's gonna be if
I don't lose weight I told her I've been
on a diet they put me on the scale I was
this I was a pound heavier than I was on
Wednesday I was 334 pounds
then she started asking me about my die
and I told her I've been drinking these
protein shakes and I've been weighing
myself every Wednesday and she told me
that I probably should have put so much
pressure on weighing in so she told me
I should weigh myself less frequently I
was telling her that I would like to
weigh myself every day she told me do
not do that because that's even more
dangerous so this means that I'm gonna
start weighing myself twice a month now
I'm not gonna do weigh in Wednesday
anymore I'm gonna do weigh-ins on every
other Wednesday she said it could be
pressure cuz I got a lot of pressure on
me with losing the way than always
making weight and you know sometimes I
starved myself on Tuesday just so I can
try to make that weight on Wednesday she
said that's not good for me and of
course it's not just the Wednesday
weigh-ins that's just one of the things
she says and I may not stop doing it you
know I'm not sure what I'm gonna do yet
it's just something that she recommended
so it's just a lot of pressure and I
have to wait a week now to get the
results back and that means that I'm
gonna be worried all week that it's
something because I don't know what the
blood test is gonna say but she said
they're gonna check for everything a
hernia they're gonna a you know if I had
cancer she said it's gonna show up so
whatever it is gonna find out hopefully
it's nothing serious you know worried
needless to say I'm always worried but
as a hypochondriac really worried so I
don't know what it is but I gotta try to
do something to make myself better and
that's starting with taking a little bit
of the pressure off me because it could
be pressure it could be some stomach
problems could be a hernia it could be a
number of things we just don't know we
got to wait a week to find out what the
results say this freakin hurts right now
oh God
I hate giving blood usually they have to
search in my arm for vein because they
can't ever find it this guy found it
good for him when I got my gallbladder
surgery the guy had fluid pumping into
my arm without finding the vein and it
made my arm swell in size but thought
luckily this guy found it so good for
him glad you found it I got right now I
got some pain medication I'm that she
gave me for the stomach problem and
that's it for right now my birthday is
tomorrow
I got a birthday present early from
Bridget it is this Heisenberg shirt I
love breaking bad Bridget knows that
I don't celebrate my birthday I'm not
looking forward to tomorrow I'd rather
I'd rather just stay in bed all day so
that's what's gonna happen well I'm
gonna stay in bed all day so anyway
that's what's happening birthday's
tomorrow payback is next and hopefully I
felt a little bit more because I'm not
feeling up to it because I feel like
shit I feel sad because it's my birthday
tomorrow
I feel even sadder because I got blood
tests coming back in a week bill even
sadder because I'm giving up away and
Wednesday to do it every other week so a
lot going on I don't know if I'm gonna
film anymore today but I probably will
if you're watching this chances are I
did so anyway let's see what else is
happening tonight so I'm watching
payback on the day W Network and I just
realized that I did not film grandpa's
Monday mailbag video yet usually we like
to film those on Sundays we get all the
mail on Saturday do it on Sunday the
next day starts over I just realized
that it and do it today so I'm gonna
have to go over to Dad's tomorrow now
there were there was one thing that he
did open yesterday was at his house
somebody sent some like this weird
smelling thing he smelled it I didn't
get I didn't record him smelling we
didn't know what it was but he smelled
it and this is what happened check this
out
so somebody said whatever this stuff is
to dad and he is throwing up at the sink
come on do you shooting you daughter
good
what is the shit please get away from
you please hit what you can't smell it's
closed get away please
as dick
fuck you rebelled out of me kill my god
yep get right yeah
please okay that's treated the kid so I
don't know what that supp was but it was
horrible
according to him that was horrible I
don't know I didn't smell it but it
looked like it smelled horrible how old
are you change the mode I don't know how
this mode works actually there's a white
noise mode so right now I'm using the
white noise mode just to see if we can
capture absolutely anything in this room
right now white noise is supposed to be
able to make it easier to catch voices
of course I don't believe obviously you
want me to stop so then Megan hands meet
him
I think you should come say goodbye so I
go now never forget walking on the hall
of the hospital and getting to the ICU
for the first time I got to his door
you know curtains were shed so I'm
watching a vlog right now that my sister
did she's telling the story of the time
that grandpa had to go to surgery at
Somerville Medical Center to have a
hernia removed it was a bad hernia it
was huge and he had to get it removed
nobody else would do the surgery Kim
found him a surgeon to do it and he sort
of died during the surgery and then he
was out unconscious for weeks after it
and she's telling the story at the time
she came up and she was yelling at him
and he woke up from it was strange and
she's got pictures of dad while he went
in the hospital we talked to dad he said
I didn't mind if we used to picture so
we got pictures of dad in there from the
surgery after the surgery while he was
in the hospital so if you want to hear
the story if you want to see the
pictures you just want to you know check
out the new vlog go check it out it's on
my sister's channel the link is below
and it's pretty good it's called memory
of my dad almost dying and that alone is
- it's crazy
my birthday's tomorrow won't you tell it
to me
give you pause feel we leave you alone
okay
so Clyde thank you well is that
rejection she just rejected me well
that's gonna be it for today I really
didn't think I was gonna record anything
for the vlog to be honest cuz I've been
sad because of the birthday and the
whole maybe I'm sick thing so that's
gonna be it for today thanks for
watching you guys wish me luck
hopefully blood tests come back normal
and gonna be a week of me being worried
so like subscribe favorite that's it and
I'm gonna finish watching payback and
that is Paige hello
