what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here yes there could you us but
us here but get it good again right here
right here for to us so we are on our
way to nice and Medical Center because
Bridget I woke up at 5:30 this morning
and my ear was just leaking all kinds of
crap and then I tried to use like that
suction thingy like a little blue thing
have you tried the vacuum not yet
Oh
well the vacuum didn't work so we're on
our way to the hospital why is it a
hospital
what is nascent it's a quick emergency
we're going to a quick emergency room
we're gonna try to get Bridget all fixed
up for her disgusting ears yeah so
anyway I woke up and it was the same so
I'm like okay this is just not working
onward we roll so we're at Mason Medical
Center I literally just walked in and
like it's been like two minutes having
that kind of lock in I'm gonna get a a
prescription here later so leave here
here I don't see the two okay I'm having
a locker room I don't think I'm a mess
without the off sound an alarm or
something
oh yeah so the doctor was checking her
year and he says that her tube
she has tubes in right I do too actually
and this year there's still a tube which
I don't know maybe that's why I have so
much earwax you think Ridgid it's not
new my hygiene probably the tubes yeah
just just a they are quick in this place
oh yeah Bridgers like it'll only be
about 30 minutes like bullshit that's
been like five have been laid oh I
called out at work for this I was a
honey several hours he's come back at us
from the camera so it's time to put some
of this stuff in bridges ear
this stuff's expensive man how many
drops or one two three four
the hurt not yet
Bridget has a hard time with ear drops
because she has a tube in her ear so the
ear drops usually hurt so far not these
last night
stupid me while I was editing I left out
an important part of my vlog yesterday I
decided to give you both stories the
story about grandpa selling porn and the
story about grandpa give me the
strawberry shortcake bike for some
reason when I edited the video up I
forgot to add the other story so here it
is the other story that I left out last
night grandpa giving me a fucked up
Strawberry Shortcake bike and then
teaching me how to ride it we had a
group of family friends I've actually
talked about this family before it was
cliffs cinnamon and I think he had a son
named Kevin cinnamon and the guy was
like a vacuum clean salesman for her be
vacuums I already did a video on these
guys about the time that they came over
and we're watching Jurassic Park and the
dude was like grinding his feeder to the
table and the preacher came over and I
like to watch movies well dad decided to
go get us all bikes this guy had the
bikes they were gonna give him to us and
he's taken off all the bikes from the
back of the truck
Charlotte here's your bike pulls off
this fucking like beach cruiser pulls it
down that's looking badass oh that's a
nice one Jennifer come here bitch pulls
down a bike for Jennifer nice little
bike it's yellow it's awesome Kim come
here god I did it kid over here gives
Kim this nice little red bike
everybody's bikes are awesome and then
he looked at me if that boy get over
here the bike that he got me was
obviously made for a girl it was
obviously made for like a 12 year old
girl in the 1960s and had these little
pink frills hanging down from the
handlebars that would not come off I
would rip and it's like they were part
of the handlebars they just wouldn't
come off so I had to forever
ride this bike with little frills little
pink frills hanging down from the
handlebars the seat was white with
strawberries on it they called it the
Strawberry Shortcake bike it was
ridiculous it was totally for girls
rusty
pink frills hanging down in a white seat
with strawberries so I'm looking at my
brother and my sisters and they're
riding around we won't have the bike and
then Here I am on this fucking 1950s
disaster that a ten-year-old girl drove
around back when she was a fucking Lata
and I didn't even know how to ride a
bike yet so dad decides he's going to
teach me much like when dad taught us
all how to swim when he would just throw
us in the water and swim to shore with
that he did one of those for us riding a
bike
he put the Strawberry Shortcake bike at
the top of a large hill and he sits me
on it and I didn't know I was going down
the hill I was wondering I didn't know
any better all right boy paylo and he
pushes me down the hill and I'm going
down the hill as fast as I can do that
it was it was a steep hill dude and
right in my area as a fucking tree and
I'm going right towards the day I'm
Torri I felt like Sonny Bono
and it got to the point where the pedals
were just moving by themselves the bike
was going so fast I couldn't have put my
feet on the pedal was just going around
and around her around and so I had no
choice but to try to jump off the bike
so I jumped off the bike I hit the
ground I roll a little bit and the bike
crashes right into that tree I'm crying
I look up at the foot of the hill and
there's dead goddamn dumb ass so that
was the time of the Strawberry Shortcake
bike plus when dad taught me how to ride
it or tried to teach me how to ride it
okay so we just noticed this and we're
wondering if anybody can tell us what
this is
it is on the house it is leaking water
maybe it's because it rain but I don't
think it rained so if anybody knows what
that is
send me a message let me know sha be
concerned or whatever so this has been a
long day I am exhausted let me go and
wipe this lint off again hey it does
this right I was like a glow around my
head it's like I died and this is like
my rest in peace video like huh I'm
gonna give a freeze-frame of my face
here and this will be the end of it
i fishy
so anyway I'm going white this up now
so we woke up or I woke up Bridget had
her ear problem won't go doctor with me
and of course I didn't have to work I
tried to pull off a lot of work but no
didn't have to she knows when I do and
don't have to work now you don't come
with me so had to go to the doctor with
her after that we had to go get her
prescriptions filled after that she
wanted to go to Walmart after Walmart we
had to go pick up the medication then we
came home then we went to Walmart again
then we went to Target and I am totally
and utterly exhausted it's been a long
long day good lord I don't know if I
filmed anything I my mind is so gone
that I don't know if I filmed anything
today well that's gonna be it check out
my new lenses okay this is the lunges
we're down with this hold on I'm just
gonna vlog with a mic this so anyway
thanks for thanks for watching you guys
that's gonna be it for today gonna go
watch some TV I got Last Comic Standing
on DVR I'm gonna go watch I don't know
what I filmed I had the story for the
bike that I forgot to put in yesterday I
saw the pictures of that piece of crap
um Bridget's ear is doing better how you
feeling Bridget all right well I'm gonna
go see grandpa tomorrow tomorrow is
big-time wrestling in North Charleston
I'm gonna take grandpa to wrestling
tomorrow grandpa's going to the flea
market he's gonna have to hold the snake
for 200,000 subscribers to who 200 400
so best tomorrow a big day tomorrow
big time wrestling big time snake
fucking big time pickle boy so thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite and that's it
