all right well I need something a little
bit better to be able to do my videos on
because it's literally taking me forever
I will try to help you get started a yes
does that work for you
yeah when can I get those if I have some
there's the stuff I need to go ahead and
get started liking you sir it's gonna be
easier right it's easy for me I don't
know how easy it's gonna be for you well
that's not what you said you said it was
gonna be easy
it's it'll be easy later I don't need
something that's gonna be easy later I
need something that's easy marrow he'll
be right you're gonna right yeah let's
do er Thomas yes I'm gonna help you
before I swear what is a third grade I
pinky promised him yeah well I call you
and you don't answer your phone what
when I want me to go along no you're
right you're right and stir you don't I
call ya I hold on to everything on our
team is all I have for now probably a
bunch right
nothing hey there fella why are you so
cute right now
you're alive right to make sure oh she's
moving so hey camera got all foggy on me
so almost looks like I'm like a dream
sequence right now let me clean off the
lens so I was reading the Facebook
comments after I uploaded the new video
today well grandpa pulls out his
shoulder and I saw a comment and it was
worthy of a response so the guy asked me
the question how come you see grandpa
when he's in the house and he pulls his
shoulder he's just got a goatee and then
while he's in the hospital he has a full
beard so I didn't want to have to say it
on video I was hoping I would be able to
piece it together and nobody noticed
what happened is weeks ago is when dad
pulled out his shoulder it was all
filmed on video and then we stopped
filming because dad didn't warm no go
new hospital he doesn't do hospitals dad
doesn't like miracle to turn and shit
like that
so he didn't want to go to the hospital
he said that we're gonna give it a few
days and then we're gonna go to the
hospital if he feels like he still needs
it days and days and days and weeks go
by and he feels like he doesn't have to
go I was gonna use the footage on a
daily vlog and then I decided why not
save the video for the year-end review
because sometimes I like to have
exclusive stuff that's never been used
so I marked it in my computer year-end
review so then last week while I was at
his house Jiri hurts his shoulder again
I don't know what happened I think he
might have tripped and hurt his shoulder
or something but whatever the case may
be he tripped hurt his shoulder so we go
to the hospital I was filming it for a
daily vlog and then I realized I've got
the footage where he hurt his shoulder I
now have a full video I can use I didn't
realize when I was editing it that the
beard had changed or I would have added
some disclaimers to explain what had
happened maybe you know a date of the
first incident and a date of the second
incident grandpa is just particular
about going to the hospital he has a
wrist injury that he got when was that
Bridgette
it's over a year ago a a long long time
ago and he still not gone to the
hospital over he went to the hospital
once they said something they had to
like detach his whole wrist and put it I
don't know how much truth is to that
that's what he said and they didn't go
back since and he hasn't gotten the
surgery and they decided that he wasn't
getting it and most importantly I feel
like I owe you guys an apology for not
explaining it in the video ahead of time
that there were differences in weeks
between the two clips I mean he was
wearing the same outfit in both videos
so I figured I wouldn't have to address
it because nobody would really know so
it wouldn't matter but it does matter uh
it feels dishonest so I wanted to
apologize to you guys
I added annotations to the video to
explain that the first one is in April
because I don't want you guys to get the
wrong idea so that's what happened sorry
for misleading you if that's how you
felt but there were a separation of
weeks between the two videos grandpa
does have to get some sort of rotator
cuff surgery because of it when he's
gonna get that your guess is as good as
mine I doubt he gets the surgery at all
he needs it he tells me after the summer
but he said that about his rest - oh my
good - you don't have to the thumb oh
I'm gonna get that don't fuck with me if
I asked him tomorrow oh yeah I'll
probably get that though before July so
that's what happened grandpa hurt
himself refused to go to the doctor hurt
himself again had to go back to the
doctor and I pieced it together as one
video so that's what happened and I
apologize if it was misleading to
anybody not my intention just sort of
half in that way and damn you dad for
letting your beer grow how come you
can't just keep it one way the next
couple of days Bridget and I are going
to finally finish unpacking and I
realized that it should not take this
long for most people to unpack but it's
taking us as long yeah we're trying to
make sure that the living room doesn't
become the new junk room so the next
couple of days we have to force
ourselves to do it what do you think
why you think we should uh yeah what are
you trying to do what do you think hard
so this friend of mine named Angela Mike
he is the guy that made the campaign to
give Bridgette to do the princess video
his mom has a hit video out right now
where she is reacting to the news that
they're making a big fat greek wedding
to now Angela when does mom or Greek
their anger grandpa fans and she is a
huge anger grandpa fan in fact take a
look at this oh my goodness
oh where can wear that mus I'm out with
them just paying in wet it somewhere
only if I'm out if I go on um meet a
grandpa again smell it I like I love the
smell
it's a sigil a cigarette you know it's
fine it smells like a man like this and
like this hey it's gonna stay there so
they are huge Agra grandpa fans there's
Angelo his mom is a huge anchor grandpa
fan and when she reacted to them making
a Big Fat Greek Wedding sequel a lot of
people started talking about it
WorldStarHipHop Yahoo News and I think
the one person that really should see
this video is Nia Vardalos she is the
writer of My Big Fat Greek Wedding she
is the one announcing the sequel of My
Big Fat Greek Wedding - and I think it
would be really cool is if you guys as
angry grandpa fans try to help out
another huge angry grandpa fan and tweet
Nia and show her the video and maybe she
can get Angelo's mom in the video and
the movie as a cameo or at least see it
I think would be really cool up anger
grandpa fans doing something for another
angry grandpa fan because it's cool it's
deserving and I would really appreciate
it if you guys did that at least get her
to see the video because it's really
cool the really cool people and good
luck seriously Angela the video is
awesome it's crazy she is she loves that
movie so last night I asked you guys to
tweet me with a hash
Tagg you choosing the store that you
wanted to hear the time grandpa selling
porn in his living room or the time
grandpa got me the Strawberry Shortcake
banana seat bike and overwhelmingly the
porn story one so many years ago I think
I might have been in the fifth grade
dad was always trying his hands and new
businesses he was selling rugs at the
flea market and bells and one time he
started buying candy and having me
selling it to the other students at my
school yeah he had me selling candy to
kids it was almost like a drug deal I'd
go into school opening my book bag and
there's candy all filled into it what
you need then one day dad finds out
about a guy who's selling pornography
we're talking magazines and VHS tapes
and dad you're gonna give God their
business the material would so he orders
wholesale hundreds of porn VHS tapes I
mean hundreds there were boxes and the
living room had about 60 to 70 boxes in
it they were stacked on top of each
other and they were everywhere the
living room was covered with porn so the
first thing that I did was steal a stack
of the magazines and decide that I'm
gonna do the candy deal and sell some of
those porn at my school first person
that I asked was the PE teacher I asked
my PE teacher if he wanted to buy
pornography I go to the PE room I asked
the teacher and I pull out one of the
magazines and he's like what what 15
minutes later I'm at the principal's
office dad's on his way to the school
he's pissed off I get suspended dad
invited our neighbor over who was
addicted to porn and this dude leaves
with a stack of these tapes dude that
I'll give to him 3:15 and that's pretty
good price for porn three four ten V
Jess tapes but the thing about the tapes
is they didn't look like any kind of
professional tapes to me I think why I
remember specifically one was called a
hairy nymphos dad started taking the
porn to the flea market with them you
know people come up to the table buying
all this crap that he selling your ones
overboard though goes in the back of the
truck opens up the camper shell and he's
got cases of porn back there we'll go
pick your poison dad was not a good
salesman when I came to porn dude he had
invites somebody to come look at it
dude I did
Harry nymphos that's a hot motherfucker
birthday I watched that last night is
this the face of somebody you trust when
you're buying your pornography so for a
while grandpa just had these VHS tapes
the magazines he sold pretty quick but
he couldn't get rid of these tapes
nobody wanted them cuz they didn't look
appealing maybe they didn't want to buy
porn from a flea market maybe they
didn't want to buy porn from dad you
know whatever the case may be nobody was
buying the porn except for the neighbor
who was addicted to porn and he was a
regular customer dad started slashing
prices Pfeiffer you know five for eight
bucks you know what I mean like dollar
twenty-five a movie he was just giving
away at that point he you know he made a
big loss on the tapes he made his money
back when the magazine's lost his ass on
the tapes then people began to talk as
they do people decided to start
spreading rumors that dad was selling
homemade porn with all of us the whole
flea market was talking you heard pie
selling homemade porn 100-feet with him
his daughter and his son it was absurd
dad got pissed off the police came and
investigated everybody was getting in
trouble everybody was pointing fingers
at everybody else dad tried to sell the
police officer porn the guy was like you
won't see my porn I used yourself for
fat out of the peep of you two dollars
eventually dad took the entire case of
porn and gave it to the neighbor because
he couldn't sell them they were causing
nothing but problems and the rumors that
dad made porn with the entire family
spread for years until we finally moved
from Colombia so up until the time we
were gone and who knows how much longer
after people assume that the porn dad
was selling was of the family so it was
this whole thing dad couldn't sell the
tapes dad lost money the police got
involved rumors got started lives were
ruined and we moved
that's the porn story grandpa decided to
start selling pornography
so that's at you guys I hope you liked
the story hope you liked the vlog go
tweet Mia about My Big Fat Greek Wedding
sequel and show where Angelo Mike's
video the link for that is below and
seriously thanks for watching you guys
and like subscribe favorite and that's
it and would you buy pornography from
dad
