what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here and it is way in Wednesday
and I am wearing all Steeler shit today
as picked up by Bridget so last time I
weighed myself I was 336 pounds a
gaining of 2 pounds so I was back on the
diet let's hope I'm down back to 334
here we go 3 33.8 so that's it for now
333 modulus just on the end of the video
I know remind of it all 333 that's
pretty good next step is getting back to
them 320 it wasn't crazy when you're
like oh my god I can't wait to be 320
but can't wait to be 3 - honey so a few
days ago I was at dads house and he
started bitching about some Reese's
peanut butter cups and he decided he was
going to try to flip his new table the
one with marble that I can barely move
so he goes to flip the table and he
pulls his shoulder out well needless to
say grandpa had to go to the hospital
and I was gonna upload the video but
then I got grandpa with the prank where
I had him walk around my house and see
that I was missing so I decided to hold
on to the video for a few more days so
tomorrow I'm gonna be uploading the
video where grandpa had to go to the
hospital because he tore his rotator
cuff right now he's still walking around
with his arm in a sling looks like a
picture of that in his little arm sling
so now I'm going to show you some of the
video that I shot for my vlog that I
decided to sit on because I was going to
sit on the video so this happened last
week this is when grandpa had to go to
the hospital check out some of the extra
footage what's going on you guys
cue a camera here da and I'm with
Grandpa who just now oh I'm scared who
just now pulled his shoulder out cuz he
was bitching I hate feeling heard like
shit fuck up I'm driving myself to the
doctor cuz I don't know how to drive but
could you get Bridget Davey she's with
her freaking Mahmut whatever the hell
the one of those islands for the place
called Sullivan's Island when the Hoff I
met Ava now huh no man I gotta getta
money now her mom is her mom Jamaica
yeah the place where Bill Clinton plays
golf and stuff she would Bill Clinton
okay it's enough already
that was bitching because somebody has
Reese's peanut butter cups thinks it was
ice and what was i while I wasn't at her
house
it was Bridget no it was neither of us
so he tried to flip the table and it
didn't work I got that big-ass table for
a reason so you couldn't flip it when it
give me another table no you can't flip
it no more
we'll see you going to the hospital
right now as your fuck
you left me alone so how you feelin her
hurtin don't try to flip tables yeah
whatever
give me a look as I'm filming I'm not
allowed to be filming in the hospital
all the time
look I feel like pain might shoot me now
you know
yes sir what you doing with me nothing
again you didn't kill tom nothing
you will be done gave me your phone okay
turn it off please Oh
we're about to add some of a medical
center to a place a name of number of
places grandpa's banned from everything
you ban from the hospital now I know
good so dad was given a pill so we can't
drive himself home so we had to get
Bridget I went out and I got her and
they were like you can't come back here
and they tried to tell her looking bitch
let's get it right
her nose hung down to here her kid was
up here they almost touched like a bird
and then somebody gave us interested she
comes in I didn't say you could come in
like Oh bitch who dad they heard a door
keeper I did so yeah I'm just talking
about fucking box in Candia zone yeah
we've done a lot of things about candy
that's why he's here right now
somebody give me a tour a whole kitchen
up - - when I took stove refrigerator
miss the microwave convection oven
through the jail for that I wiped out
the whole kitchen we banned from Cici's
Pizza can't go into Walmart I've been
kicked out of so many Chinese
restaurants I feel like my name's Ho Chi
Minh they say I go anything my name is
one of them
I'm saying anyone would've liked a
shower put some type of something
initiate people's like oh that's the
narrow price yeah put an arrow in his
shampoo he lost all his hair yes that
happened yes yes David a thousand
firecrackers and doing my bed oh my
y'all was the only two to your YouTube a
more elated by King whore so tomorrow
I'm gonna go see grandpa with his arm in
his sling they're recommending surgery
they think he might need rotator cuff
surgery he's going to wait until after
the summer to get it but he tore his
rotator cuff it was a sprain while we
were at the hospital the people next to
us knew who dad was that's who dad waved
to there where he said goodbye the
people knew who we were and she got dad
to talk to her father and so it was
crazy dad went to the hospital Torres
rotator cuff I almost got in trouble
because I went to go get Bridget and
they told me that you you saw the video
it was a whole thing I was banging on
the door and it was crazy but anyway
that videos coming tomorrow and I feel
pretty good cuz I lost those three
pounds and hopefully by next Wednesday
I'm gonna lose some more how's your arm
feel dad arm hurts like hell about
really I eat you me why did you buy me a
table knowing I can't look I bought you
a table so you couldn't lift it is made
of marble all by the way I got I got an
ample I got some your damn girlfriend
she'll never bother another piece of my
kid you understand me she didn't touch
her candy she won't ever touch ever
touch another piece of my candy him was
I I'm not telling you
well she didn't touch the candy you
misplaced it
no that bitch gonna eat my motherfucking
can I'm gonna go to sleep now so feel
better are you Michael
I know you wanna sleep either
she's up bitch I ain't you good bye well
bridges dad just left and he just
installed these curtains for us so now
we have curtains up in the living room
in their room darkening curtains because
we just don't like sunlight in the house
when I see sunlight it'll also it puts a
glare on the TV yeah oh yeah dubby dubby
Network countdown right here watch it
bridge eh
so Wednesday away in lost three pounds
literally lost 1 pound if you count the
fact that I gained 2 pounds last week
but since last week lost 3 pounds
tomorrow is throwback Thursday so I'm
gonna tell another story tomorrow it's
getting darker you turn this on hey much
better so I'm gonna give you the choice
so I'm gonna give you I'm gonna give you
the chain of course I saw it so I'm
gonna give you the choice what story you
want to hear I can either tell the story
of the time grandpa got me a shitty bike
with a strawberry banana seat and he
expect me to ride that around you hear
that story or I'll tell you the time
that grandpa started selling pornography
so if you want to hear the bike story
tweet me at lyrical rap with the hashtag
bike story or if you want to hear the
other story
hashtag porn story whichever one you
want to hear
use the hashtag and tweet me and
whichever one gets the most I'll tell
that story tomorrow thanks for watching
you guys like us
Oh
