so it is about 2:30 in the morning and I
just remembered that watchdog's comes
out today and although I'm not allowed
to show the gameplay on YouTube due to
their new rules and regulations I can't
show you that I'm getting it so here I
am downloading watchdogs readies what 17
hours I cannot be right I got a better
check though 18 well this thing better
go down I'm gonna watch it oh my god
life is getting worse for me duh okay
I'm sorry for back-talking you okay you
thank you I get y'all ass down lower so
anyway it's fluctuating right now about
how long it's going to take right now it
says eight hours is good better go down
cuz I'm gonna get decent speed in here
so anyway I'm downloading watchdogs
I can't show the gameplay because
YouTube changed the rules but I will let
you know how it is I'll let you know if
I like the game and that'll be tomorrow
probably won't play it till tomorrow cuz
it is going to take probably two and I'm
going to sleep soon so anyway I'll let
you know tomorrow after I play watchdogs
if it's any good or not what's going on
you guys keep me on a camera here ah and
no I have not yet played watchdogs I I
started it and as I was playing it and
everyone's cut their grass right here
and lazy's honking his little toy but as
I was playing it I reached one part of
the game that all of a sudden Oh
download still in progress best of the
horrible part I don't want a horrible
part about I don't like how I say
horrible the horrible part about the
PlayStation 4 is that it tricked me I
thought my game was done but it's still
downloading and you can play it as it
downloads so I'm sitting there playing
the game in hope it's not done let it go
all night it's done enough but it's
still installing files and stuff so
haven't played it yet only a little bit
so right now Bridget is looking for new
movies to watch horror movies
she was horror movies good good ones so
we're trying to compile a list and you
know without looking at you know the top
50 horror movies of all time we can't
really think of anything
so if you guys know a horror movie that
you think we should watch leave it in
the comments we're gonna check it out
the comments and we're gonna check some
recommendations and watch some of these
movies so if you know it's a really
scary movie you know leave it in the
comments yeah what we saw one a
suggestion was the M keepers watch that
it was pretty it was a good one uh so if
you have any movies that you think we
should watch send them out and leave
them in the comments and we'll check
them out bridge you got anything to add
I dare you to drink the rest of this no
this is horrible I love bringing Dasani
sparkling a bit Oh God Oh tis I'm
reading freon I love it
oh it's really muscle folsom drink
flavored club soda it's not even
flavored it's just a club soda that
someone frickin pissed in if you want to
get an idea what it tastes like go to
McDonald's and drain out all the sprite
uh just keep pushing until it's almost
all gone and then when once all the
drink is going on in it starts to become
a little bit of drink mixed with the
club soda
then taste and that's what that stuff
tastes like it's disgusting so repulsive
I think it's good what are you doing Oh
give me up all elbow give me the Paul
shouldn't we get up come on big girl
come on we're going in baby come on
there you go
shortly after downloading watchdogs last
night the Harry Potter poster that I put
up here fucking fell and it wasn't like
it just fucking drop it was like a ghost
just went oh of course
I don't believe in ghosts but it was
strange dude it was like I think just
fucking slung off the wall
you want to see something the viewfinder
whoa you show her a little bit of
attention she's up freaking out
Bella it's too high for you to jump I
mean it all right Bella go girl you man
Bella calm down here baby
okay so I don't really read the YouTube
messages as often as I can and the
reason is is they've got a hidden I got
to go to community and then inbox so
usually a slips my mind to go and so a
lot of them build up but sometimes I go
in there and I'll just start reading and
reading and reading and today I decided
to be a good time to do another hate
mail video so this one is from rage mage
Dee and I will call this one the bipolar
messenger because you'll see so this one
was sent on April the 26th and his reply
came yesterday so they were exactly a
month apart so on 426 he says sometimes
I think it's important to remember that
the majority are not always right
anyways keep up the good work man good
luck on the diet as well tell Bridget
not to be so shy on camera smiley face
all thanks for the message I really
appreciate that
well he wrote me another message this
one was on 526 what else is this nice
person I have to say dude seriously how
can you be so content with everyone
watching you because you know you are a
fat piece of shit with all the
underlining problems of your rageaholic
father you show your true colors when
you upload content of yourself being
filmed without you knowing it and you
were always so horrible makes us seem
like such an act you put on for the
camera when it's time to say how's it
going you guys pretty pretty pathetic
lose some weight you obese loser so he
me a month ago in a month later he hates
everything about me I am very sorry rage
mage D that I've upset you so horribly
I'm sorry that you hate me I love you
though I love you Majin Goten one says
go kill yourself that's the description
so you know it's gonna be a good boom
listen up you fat piece of fuck get laid
for once - stop acting like a fucking
kid please kill yourself you ugly fat
fuck he does not like me at all I have a
girlfriend who I live with so I don't
have to get laid for once
ah my apologies you hate me my apologies
Leatherface three seven seven the
subject is you and I click into it it
says you will wussy
all right thanks Leatherface 377 okay
this comes from Dallin it says you look
like a hippopotamus hey fat slob lose
some weight so Bridget can have better
sex with you
I'm trying okay this comes from Daniel
Williams and the subject is piggy fuck
hate mail so already we know that we got
another edition for the hate mail and
all it says is cut your fucking unibrow
it looks so nasty what what's wrong with
that is there something you want me to
cut the unibrow
you got it handling away for my life to
be over there you go Daniel I shaved it
so now you can find me more sexually
attractive subject this isn't hate mail
so automatically I go oh man this is
nice not really I kind of figured it was
hate mail almost immediately the message
says pickle bitch where do I begin for
starters and I don't mean appetizers if
that's what your fat ass you look like
you smell of an aged cheese left in the
Sun to rot you probably saw my last name
Cola and thought hey there reminds me to
get another soda so I can gain weight
and lose dignity you have a small penis
I hate you in hope that you die shortly
have to retake this message with love
Edie
well Edie hates me I think Edie hates me
more than anybody that's messaged me yet
he wants me to die right after reading
this message okay this guy's name is
Tripp Tripp and the subject is hey fat
fuck okay how dare you even say the ps4
is better than the Xbox one you fat-ass
bastard you liberal bitch you look like
Cartman and you act like fucking Cartman
Xbox one is better than ps4 in every
conceivable way big titty well first of
all Eric Cartman um likes the Xbox one I
do not family Garrett admin
you were tearing @q but seriously the
ps4 is better than the Xbox one michal
he got me big teddy this comes from
matthew sinclair and the subject is i'm
a huge fan and it starts off i love your
videos man you are a true inspiration
and a leader to the youtube community
your vlogs are emotional loving
family-oriented and most of all they
show how tight the family unit can be if
we all you know what i can't keep doing
this
you're a fat tub of goo you look like
Corky from life goes on and I have the
distinct feeling that you smell like
panties from a Japanese visiting machine
I hope you die so I can be rid of you
from my subscription box with love and
admiration Matthew well I have no
response to values that is what I you
said I smell like panties from a
Japanese vending machine
I'm a fat tub of goo I look like Corky
from life goes on all wrapped up in what
looked to be a loving fan letter and the
last fan mail that I'm I mean hate mail
then I'm going to read today this says
evil is love backwards evil the subject
is read this or I'm going to kill you
hey man can you do me a favor and stop
singing on your videos slip inside the
eye of your life don't you know I don't
know what he says
I'm better place to play and if you just
sang and reply to that just to be a
dumbass I'm going to scream well you
better scream seriously and how does
Bridgette find you sexually attractive
in fact fuck that how do you find her
sexually attractive to harmless kids I
hope one day I can see you on the street
so I can tell you straight to your face
how happy I would be if you were to die
I hope you get cancer you hear this
that's the meanest one today
he hopes I get cancer and he didn't give
a name it just says evil is love
backwards well I hope I don't get cancer
and I did sing just to piss you off but
to be fair it's not all hate mail let's
check this out Ryan Santos says keep up
the good work
hi Mike my name is Ryan just wanted to
say I love your videos and everyone in
it keep up the good work man please if
you can give me a shout-out in your next
video thanks
shout out to Ryan for not sending hate
mail James says thanks for the content
thanks for your content bro you have
some awesome videos might I just add
that people that call you cry-baby and
annoying or write what you are both of
those things but hell that's what makes
your content so good keep up the great
videos prank idea you should just out of
the blue when angry grandpas asleep pour
milk all over his ass see what happens I
don't know that was fan mail or not he
said I'm annoying and a crybaby
and he wants me to pour milk all over
dad I'm not gonna do that
that just seems real mean that seems
evil which is love spelled backwards
well I've been playing watchdogs for a
little while now and it is a pretty good
game I don't think it's as good as
everybody has been hyping it up to be
you know this game has been hyped up to
be Game of the Year you know for the
past year before I came at it that's all
anybody's been talking about oh god you
gotta see watchdogs and you know it is a
good game but I'm already finding it
repetitive but of course I'm gonna have
to keep playing it to see the story and
see where it goes and that will
determine how good it is or not anyway
but as of now it's a little repetitive
but it is a good game graphics are
pretty great it's got a huge open world
as I've seen so far I don't know if it
does or not I haven't seen the entire
map but what I've seen it's got a huge
world and it's pretty good it's a good
game fella you're too big for this slow
rat door
Feli you're too big to fit them in run
wide you are too what you want in you go
she really thinks she can fit through
this thing okay losing a bit Louie well
then like how the hell he did it tell me
his secret tell me right now in a few
minutes I want to give Bella a treat she
got sick today we think she was eating
some of the red stuff the bark stuff
that's around the plants and stuff what
is this up called red stuff she was
eating the red stuff I'm sure those
words called begin a Walmart can I get a
bag of red stuff Fred's here can I get
some of that red shit can't you get
through the copy putter up yeah that's
probably is called to pollo dices crap
you put around flowers you wanna you
want a 12 pound bag of the crap you put
around flowers or the 40 give me a 40
pound bag of shit we don't know what
it's called
red chips something you put it around
flowers that's probably the different
brands you know calico makes red
something you know uh anyway that sort
of chips that sounds realistic actually
it might be too called decorative chips
I know they're not oh it's just called
red shit you put her on for course so we
think she'd been eating some of the red
shit you put around flowers but she
puked in the living room today and it
was totally disgusting but love you
Annabelle and I hope you feel better and
I hope these treats make you feel better
yeah
