what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here just woke up and in a few
minutes we are going to have a new
delivery off bridge Best Buy is bringing
our brand-new fridge today uh me
Umbridge went picked it out Bridgette
and I went it out the other day so
hopefully it gets here soon so I can
show you guys on video right now I'm
over there rendering the new prank I
pulled on grandpa yesterday where I told
him to come to the house and I wasn't
there
I've moved out puku boy's gone so I got
that statement right now so hopefully by
the time you've seen this you've seen
that but if you haven't clicked a link
below it'll be there that's the video
where I prank that it's the new prank on
the angry grandpa show channel so here
we go new frigerator on Memorial Day and
ain't being used here we go well I mean
it's being used it's not primordial so
this is our new fridge if you're going
to open it you're gonna have to do a
whole it's kind of weird
it shows up all weird looking on this
well not now but this is the fridge
freezer thing you put things in so this
we're here is another part of the fridge
this is the freezer and has a drawer you
should welcome the price is right I
agree I'm really good this is this is me
it's a very nice frigerator I like it
very much is just what I needed this is
you know physical output mais came in
frigerator hey I want to keep the energy
safe side of it forever yeah so I guess
we should start taking some good stuff
off so we just spent the past couple of
minutes taking all the plastic off of
the fridge and stuff so let's take a
look at it let's see here
okay okay we open it all up
I can hear the comments now oh look his
fat ass needs a bigger fridge you're
probably right
but I got one anyway we are outside
right now it was just ranting I was
hoping to capture some of that Lane on
camera but unfortunately I did not so I
wanted to talk about something real
quick I noticed a couple of people on my
facebook and I saw you know somebody on
Twitter and I got a message of people
saying that I stopped doing videos on
the angry grandpa show channel because
I'm doing too many vlogs and that's not
the case it's one of the comments on
Facebook says you haven't done a prank
in forever and what my channels been
loaded with pranks lately I've another
one uploading like saving right now I'm
going to be uploading that in the next
10 20 minutes I uploaded the the TV
voice activation prank we had the ps4
treasure hunt against me there's been a
ton of pranks on the channel I just
think maybe people are looking at the
wrong you know kidney honey camera is my
personal vlogging channel anger grandpa
shows where I upload videos where dad
shows his ass or does something over
there and Grandpa's corner is where I
upload his personal vlogs so I haven't
done less videos for that channel I've
just done more videos for this channel
because I've been vlogging as often as I
can
granted I know I haven't vlogged every
day but pretty much every day I have you
know I have missed a couple of days you
know one here there but you know I've
been routinely keeping vlogs going so
you know it's fun to do I enjoy doing
them and that's why I do the vlogs and a
lot of people like them a lot of people
don't like I don't know how many people
like them how many people dislike them
that's why that's another reason to ask
people to click like because that lets
me know that you're enjoying the vlog
it's just a way to get closer to you
guys so I can know what you guys like
and what you guys don't like that's why
I tried out that different kind of vlog
the other day where I cut between clips
of me and dad and you know if it got a
fair amount of likes I would have done
it more often so now I haven't done less
videos I've just done more videos for
this channel and Colitis actually taking
a shit in front of me right now right
now I level who's that dog in the
reflection though
melih used to be obsessed with her own
reflection you member that hey it was a
time where she would like look at
herself in the mirror
follow her self oh yeah she would break
out look Bella I got the viewfinder for
cheating yourself well the fridge has
been here for a little bit we have it's
really weird
I see it moving the numbers moving like
that you guys see it I see it on the
viewfinder but it's not doing that in
real life it's really strange I guess
this is how it looks always but I've
noticed on the viewfinder the numbers
will start spinning and and I know it's
looking like that on the computer it's
very strange to me I wonder why that is
so we have the stuff in the fridge this
is what it looks like in here right now
all kind of empty actually we got our
milk and got some turkey bacon in there
with some eggs and it's very odd that
you know we don't have much in here
right now we got to get some food going
of course with the diets we haven't
really been eat she's doing it right
there it stopped
it's weird it's only doing you on the
viewfinder it is not doing it in real
life I don't even know Samsung made
fridges you know this is crazy it's
gorgeous so am i ah meanwhile uh let's
go ahead and just show some of the stuff
that I deleted from the prank that I did
today here's just some extra footage
this is just some of the stuff that I
decided I didn't want to put in the
video so here it is some of the non used
footage deleted scenes extended whatever
from the video for today only love you
did I do this everybody pretty young
I'm sorry Derek Lam fuck dammit
then your dad has over helping I'll give
up baseball bat
Derek you should be using tell any words
in your restaurant what do you think we
have to buddy a little money mailbag
this is an extra clip because Dad forgot
a package here that he got in the mail
and then open up a mail bag video a Los
Santos half from gta5 and who sent this
stuff you mind if I get to it and up and
put this thing yep that thing and it's
from shaquan Vaughan and they believe
they put their Twitter so here they are
on Twitter you're right I like this hat
and a post of New York I start spreading
the news new york new yo and leaving for
good
I've got rhythm I wanna be a part of it
New York New York if I can make it there
I'll make it anywhere is up to you New
York New York
you're gonna get far about what does it
go
i'ma handle so I'm gonna leave you leave
now get outta my wallet here drink this
milk whoa what is fresh trust me Frank
fail
oh oh oh it's gonna have urging star
milk water for drinking a lot of water
lately got my way and Wednesday coming
up I should be I'm gonna take a guess
and say I'll be down two pounds putting
me back at 334 while I was at which
sucks but at least it's not that 336
what you doing girl
give me a paw
so I'm on the phone with my sister whom
has been vlogging lately and today she
called me today she told the story of
the time mom sold her dog for free
she's our dog he traded my dog I
consider it the same thing she traded it
for fruit she sold it for fruit by the
way the dog was gone and we got some
pears
dude Mike Harris Harris yeah I remember
dad like pickled those pears like he put
him in mason jars and stuff and like
yeah we had the mason jars like Allah
captain I'm pretty sure we had him like
our whole life like every time we moved
it came with us yeah like we never we
never really the peaches he made do a
couple of mediocre uh you know peach
cobblers like like no CSP some of the
peach cobblers were good not all of them
like theirs sometimes see when dad makes
a peach cobbler you know sometimes it
depends on his mood if he wants to make
it good he'll use a little glass you
know glass container and bake it
correctly and anyone who can't make
peach our same way every time
but Dad now sometimes what Dad would do
is use one of his like rusty cooking
pans like the peach cobbler we'll get
this rust taste to it and you know he
doesn't have a recipe he just a little
bit if they build a massive goddamn
sugar then with them from God I'm Jude
um flour on top of it like he don't make
us a crust but sometimes he made it good
sometimes he made a shit
I assume the one he made for Kim's dog
was okay Monday is over have any watched
wrestling yet it's in DVR I'm gonna
check it out what people have been
telling me it's horrible tonight I've
had a couple items it's the worst role
on years so that's kind of shit you know
how can it go from pre WrestleMania is
so amazing to post WrestleMania being so
horrible and that's exactly why they
make it so good for Wrestlemania and
then they make it to a shitty product
but anyway gonna go check out some
wrestling pretty good Monday had a good
time today got the new fridge
and that's it that stubbles the only
enjoyable thing that happened to me
today and I'm like raving about it
pretty good Monday I got a new fridge
anyway was a pretty good Monday overall
thanks for watching you guys I hate
doing that thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite and I keep
looking over that brog
