probably have something to do with know
people living in the trailer park behind
it what's going on you guys Kibby Anna
Karenina
last year she was there we were at the
old Sunoco right now it's weird to see
it again we haven't been here in a while
since we moved this is the snow code
that was in the front of the trailer
park so we're on our way to the
substation right now to meet grandpa
because I pranked him so take a privy of
the prank my oh what the hell
open what
whatever yeah I'll give so so basically
I told Dad to come to my house and when
he got there I wasn't there I was there
but he didn't see me so I told her to
meet me at the substation we can talk
about it so Bridgette is forcing me to
wear a team that I don't support and
hate oh wait a minute now
we have good feel yes sir oh I got my
Panthers hat and I should have warned
that here no you were in the right hat
there there I don't get it how do you
guys Gamecocks and Steelers how's that
work out college bro Knox you again so
tight so Panthers here protein yeah
that's what's up I got Cam Newton God
dang hey we had a good season
let it go Bridgette oh god you got to
steal a one
yeah her hoping we steal her fans or
Elliott are you from expired
okay Pittsburgh and Beaver Falls or I
love it I want to go to Beaver Falls to
go to the hot dog shop the Brighton hot
dog shop well hey Panthers had a good
season last year well it was okay it was
a decent season yeah we'll go John Mike
you got the good habit you got the right
Hanna who pulled him is on the phone
yep Paul the grandpa Niall body on it
it's really thick no small human on the
phone
you said God out of that dirt alone okay
we cannot go no you can't do the money
mailbag oh I look to the money we get
over with hold on hello okay it's Paul
again yeah you gotta stop believing me
wait hello oh hey yeah I'm glad you
called it's Paul hello why do you smile
I swear to God why do you believe it
just stop it I'm going hey Paul
I'm falling they're time hello hold on
dad is something by the boys on this hot
no some other boy to the school yeah
hello this mr. Greene it's not even a
phone yeah your sister she made you
sandwiches not as good as you oh no I
I thought I thought like well we're
leaving Derrick's now with all of this
yes
Steelers merch I'm gonna make sure I
don't chili sauce all over it no eating
beef here put marinara sauce all over
this oh we're out of here thanks for
having us Derrick makes enough throwing
dad out where he threw mail all over the
place we did the money mailbag we had
our little meeting I'm gonna tell that
where I live I just wanted to mess with
him a little bit I just wanted him to
think he's not gonna find out he's gonna
find out of course just thought I have a
little bit of fun so he showed up to the
house and it was empty
and then I told Micah he tried to leave
you try to hit me with a baseball bat so
that's that gonna be going home in a
minute it is sunday sunday sunday sunday
so good day I was at the substation I
managed not to eat way and Wednesday
coming up yeah anyway that's gonna be f
er here at the substation
had a little bit of fun with Derek and
Steelers bridge ad in the open up a
restaurant
Michael the Crab Shack I have crabs
they're obviously from you
hey what's up I just let you yeah I was
coming to just see hello
take a bye it's gonna cheese dude you
don't beat me yeah go to your house but
I don't know where it is you are no no I
don't wanna
how come you know enough go that good if
I don't know I ain't never guy come over
I'll make you come over I know coming
over
I was joking around way I wanted a prank
yeah I wouldn't come to your house now
for love of money yes you would why kick
me out this time I don't like you well
you can follow us if you want I don't
wanna have safe trip
do your new home that I don't know
where's that I told you to follow me and
never never land somewhere over the
rainbow
oh it stinks I'll walk out to Justin oh
it's worse down here see you pop all
right bye Bridget hey Clyde he's laying
down we're starting bone pack some stuff
you want to watch you have Paul no well
come on
what you doing babble
we do that's cool I'm not right I'm
separating your seasons and Harry
Potter's no smart in Lord of the Rings
so you have them sorted by genre yeah
take him out
just kidding hey I didn't put the
seasons yeah cool whoo all my Simpson's
yep there's more in boxes elsewhere I
wonder what my Seinfeld is in a box
downstairs bottom with a Chance of
Meatballs my books get books these right
here are some prints that a friend of
mine named Jim got for me and while they
were being moved the movers sat one of
the couches on them
and so one of them here is now ripped
hopeful that I both ripped so there's
this one the Harry Potter print and this
one my Walter White Heisenberg print and
they're bent a shit I want to frame them
and I don't know if they can be framed
now I'm pissed I'm gonna look into it
though maybe I can straighten them out
and then frame them and it'll hide the
tears and stuff but I'm angry about that
all of a sudden the mom and Charlie they
just start going off they're screamin
whew you could have the goddamn things
you know all of a sudden mom goes over
and I see her open up like the back of
the van and she just starts taking out
these mom's chairs then it belongs like
these really nice lemon stairs but
they're lounge chairs so that's my
sister's a vlog for today she's telling
a story first about the time that
grandpa taught her how to swim and
grandpa taught her how to swim the same
way he taught all of us how to swim
he picks us up and he throws us into the
water you gonna die
we live let me get to it that was like
the early jigsaw you know never die make
your choice
dad made us make her choice threw us in
the damn water we could die or we could
get back to the deck I almost died she
also has a story about the time dad
stole a bike for out of the trash and it
didn't have a seat and she cut herself
with it both of those links are below
check it out of my sister's blog she's
starting and apparently mom stole
somebody lounge chairs I got the Chris
Hardwick DVD that he signed for me this
is from my appearance on @midnight
they told me they were they told
everybody they were going to send a DVD
and a lamp and they did send it it's
signed by Chris Hardwick I appreciate it
I didn't flip out and break it like you
asked me to do because I want it I like
it not breaking it the lamp is in a box
I'm gonna unbox that motherfucker soon
are you doing Bell oh okay so here we go
got those belts up there my Harry Potter
trunk right there now when I say the
Harry Potter trunk that is all the books
got my signed Obama book there got my
Chris Hardwick signed DVD there Seinfeld
is everything this would be my little
blu-ray slash game such entertainment
closet you coming
so right at the top of stairs I was able
to frame and hang up that Harry Potter
print so that's what the Harry Potter
claims and right here is the Heisenberg
/ Walter White from the final episode of
breakthrough ghetto so that's what that
that's where that is you still got all
this stuff and be doing chapping you I'm
trapped I went ahead and move this round
we got the grandpa picture here got the
youtube silver play button here and I
went ahead and framed the letter from
YouTube I know this is a factory letter
everybody gets it but it's cool to have
it this is really cool this is YouTube
exclaiming the accomplishment happened
over 100,000 subscribers which is pretty
cool to me so that's we have it right
here and right now we're moving the rest
of these boxes to the living room so we
can finish going through it and maybe by
tomorrow we'll be a fully unpacked in
the new house so that's going to be it
for today's vlog uh we if you know kind
of strange we started off at you know
the substation with dad and then leading
up to us unpacking and all the is
totally random day but anyway thanks for
watching you guys like I expected it she
didn't do it like ah rich West pickleboy
bridges got it cool - I was making the
best because that's what I was doing
when she started talking I just capped
it
mmm so anyway follow me on twitter at
lyric old rap producing also answering
your Twitter questions again last time I
had grandpa do it this time I'm going to
answer some so like subscribe favorite
and this throwback Thursday I'm going to
tell the story of the time grandpa got
me a bike and it was bullshit we this
family never had good luck with bikes
this is my horrible bike story the
Strawberry Shortcake bike I'm gonna tell
that thirst
day so like subscribe favorite and
thanks for watching you guys
