what's going on you guys get me out a
camera here but us here almost broke to
play but I would have cried let's move a
little closer this way let's get away
from that yeah what's going on you guys
get me on a camera here yeah right there
and today is Tuesday
today is Tuesday and if you haven't seen
the vlog that we uploaded yesterday
we're gonna be talking about it in just
a couple of minutes guys
we went to Sunday dinner with angry
grandpa things weren't that well you
guys he was kind of sick but he got a
lot better but that's not what I want to
talk about we're gonna talk about the
fact that Jennifer and Doug or in love
oh my gosh that's I kind of think
they're in love Oh guys we're gonna talk
about that just a few minutes guys
today's Tuesday
today that's all that matters we're
gonna cook and we're gonna ask this
question Jennifer do you love Doug oh my
gosh she would be your mother-in-law
kind of she'd be your mother-in-law all
right no she'd be like that mom she's my
mother-in-law
we're gonna be cooking a little skillet
lasagna in just a few minutes you guys
but before we do I have to wait a
question if you haven't seen the past
two vlogs number one we went grocery
shopping with Jennifer and Doug and boy
did they seem like a couple though I
don't they huh if you haven't seen it
check this out
come on you can do it Jennifer's like
entering the strongman competition right
now if you like Bridget
take this oh my goodness
my god you Oded it I think you boys
shopping for anvils but seriously
they're in love with each other I think
I love you baby and if it's quite all
right I need you baby here okay
interesting that was the other day now
let's go to yesterday when we had Sunday
dinner with my dad and Jennifer and Doug
just couldn't keep their hands off each
other
right oh my gosh you're closer to it
honey
yeah he said honey dude you guys oh sure
Lauren do you know any love songs yeah
I'm done
life son she's blushing again was not it
what is up with this he even said
darling did he say darlin he said honey
can you hear me that honey huh what's
going on you guys it goes a lot deeper
then the vlogs okay this is spilled over
into Twitter the Twitter sphere
Jennifer posted a poll and she asked who
should she date oh my god Doug Jamie no
one or both of them huh what the
question is being asked you guys what do
you think I'm dying to know what you're
like opinion is on this is Jennifer in
love with Doug it's Doug in love with
Jennifer are they in love with each
other or they and
love are they Jennifer and Doug sitting
in the tree ki ESS ing and I don't know
why they're do it in a tree but that's
the question Jennifer and Doug sitting
in a tree Fu slow
sorry sorry Bournemouth guys we got
another question I want to know your
opinion let me know in the comment
section it's Jennifer and Doug in love
with each other cuz that's what I want
to know you let's make some pasta
we've looked up a recipe because we've
been sort of obsessed with these one pot
recipes yes like one pot pastas like
those kind of things so today we're
making a one pot skillet lasagna
yeah oh yeah so first yeah I'm taking
this off hold on okay
Michael what come in a new shirt I don't
have filthy that one you could just
change it like tomorrow yeah because
that's what people do
I don't want to clean shirt tomorrow
what that one you know I may not shower
daily or once a week or once a month
even but I changed my shirt every day
there is how we do it you stink up the
new one so our first step you saw our
first step little bit olive oil and or
the onions oh no you got them no I
didn't you got the onion no I did not
this is you're gonna cookin usually all
the ingredients not me yeah we'll make
oh that onions or maybe there's some
minced across the line go get it
apologize
come on seriously I'm adding this hey
it's always freaking have guys I'm not I
am not about to recommend this to you
okay yeah guys just get freaky money and
suffer oh my gosh is that too many I
don't know I feel like this and onions
though
my goal of this cut just cook screw it
he's gonna like bezoar water I don't
know I don't really use think you
ringing dinner we were walking through
the store and I said hey grab me some
minced onions no that's what I said and
I'm pretty sure you were like oh yeah I
were to grab minced onions that's
exactly what you said that's how I
remember it I remember exactly that so
just admit you mess it up no I remember
that you must know Michael it looks like
minced garlic whoa Bridget speaking of
you should probably add some garlic
no who's cooking this stop this sausage
we left afer Tom really I can't put up
with being made fun of hog isn't that
too much stuff to a sausage yeah you're
really starting to like
calm down baby welcome to baby okay let
me smash it up to me
told you so I don't want to hear it yeah
he isn't way too much meat okay well you
know what we're just it's okay I'm
always right just a fuckton you want to
cook this no cuz I can't like I really
can't do this don't know okay and this
is like really hot for some reason okay
I'm sorry
this isn't even on what you turned it
off no like today I guess
how did you know it is laying or cooking
I have common sense I guess
where's yours stop it is our lasagna
yeah oh here it okay I can't I can't
the next step you guys I'm taking these
oven ready lasagna sheets okay these
right here oven ready ready to go you
didn't got to boil them although we're
gonna boil them you're gonna break them
apart I'm thinking about six pieces per
sheet and we're using about eight of
these sheets so you break them apart
like so and that's it there you go this
is gonna make it really easy to stir so
you don't get sloppy noodles all over
the place
and yeah meanwhile let's get over here
finish out this meats it's not much
longer it smells good
it really does
I never made this before this could be a
complete fail I think it's gonna be
really good good I was waiting for a
little confidence I was like listen she
gonna like hate me up here I know I felt
like I was time to stop even though I
was probably gonna be garbage
next up you really want to make a layer
on hamburger meat here just to look
whole bottom is gonna be your meat so
we're gonna do this come on come on
let's cover this up okay you know I'm
really excited hopefully it's good it
has to be they ever done anything like
this before I know I know it's so cool
okay now we're gonna put these right
over the meat and guys do not stir this
do you hear me do not stir it you can
screw everything up right now yeah so do
not stir it first a 28 ounce can of
crushed tomato now the recipe calls for
8 ounces of tomato sauce I'm gonna do a
little more not much more but you know
what more than 8 ounces okay okay and
1/2 cup water
what you're gonna do is just sort of
form this over the noodles but you're
not gonna start I turned the heat down
and now I'm just gonna cover it you guys
that's all we do for the next ten
minutes we'll be back to check on this
thing you're ten minutes well we can
finally stir it I messed up you guys
hold on stop what you're doing if you're
following me at home after you add the
sauce and the water and everything you
bring it to a simmer which is what I'm
doing right now it's gonna come to a
simmer and then I'm gonna lower the heat
and cover it so just a little bit of a
hiccup you guys if I messed you up just
you know this is early enough to fix
okay I'm sorry
hi I never cooked it before ten minutes
is up everybody glasses are fogged this
is good okay finally stop stirring this
around how's it looking girl and looks
freaking amazing yeah so now we've got
this stirrer going you can go and start
adding adding some seasonings so here's
what we got a teaspoon each of salt
sugar and garlic powder I have some
oregano there but we're not adding that
yet because if you overcook oregano
you're a big trouble so you're just
going add this stir it around
looking good Bridget oh my gosh it
really does I'm so freaking excited now
you stir it it is time to cover it again
ten more minutes guys we'll be back
all right ready Bridget oh I'm ready are
you guys while this has been going I've
been stirring it occasionally because
you got a stir it and stir it and shake
it otherwise these news are gonna stick
to the bottom of the pan yeah here's
what we're doing right now first step is
you want to go through these make sure
there's no noodles stuck together
because they stick together I've already
done that there was none next oh yeah
also I added my dry oregano now oh god
you want to take about six spirits of
ricotta oh my god what happened to the
ricotta cheese seriously what is wrong
with this Michael it's film yes like a
film over it right everything does oh
you told me you owned it No the next
step is ricotta cheese so you're gonna
take a couple of dollops of this stuff
here you just push it around Oh God I
know Matt I think I might add more of
the recipe calls yeah I freaking love
ricotta cheese one two three four okay
that's what the recipe calls for add
more yeah can't go gray one more and
then where's Maya okay
she's eating you down the camera right
now
guys now we're gonna cover this up take
it off the heat completely no more heat
and we're gonna let this sit for five
minutes while that softens walnuts and
the homeless right everybody
we're gonna oh my god are you okay no
we're almost done folks
oh okay here's what's next you don't
want to mix the ricotta with it okay
nummy you do a little bit you just wanna
push two ricotta cheese under the sauce
you see yes slightly push it under
without actually mixing it so that's
what we're doing
followed by the final final step first
time ever made it it's looking good
it really is man all right I'm impressed
I got the whole spoon in my mouth now
mozzarella boy one more handful Michael
I am so excited to eat dinner all right
folks
cover it let the cheese melt don't burn
yourself don't burn yourself you can do
this without getting too close look at
that nice one more close I can get you
coulda told me I was getting too close
you just thought you could like feel the
heat that's very curious how it looks
for again Oh guys I'm so excited
guys it's been about ten minutes it's
been sitting there with no heat I just
add mozzarella over the bottom you ready
Bridget yes oh my gosh
okay here we go you ready yes I'm ready
one for the middle icing um I'll take an
edge edge here oh holy okay
Oh oh my goodness Prichard saucy I want
white roses your funeral
sometimes during Harry Potter I'm just
gonna you ready yes oh hey guys oh it's
so super hot I gave you a little ricotta
in this plate they're so good for you
Oh guys we're just wrong here we go
oh my god how good be talking it's like
freaking amazing
there you have you guys one pan skillet
lasagna delicious I love it so good I
need a blood pressure pill this that's a
joke by the way kids ever it doesn't
know okay let's continue this blog well
that's gonna be a pro today you guys
thanks for watching guys it is actually
the next morning I finished the pasta we
watched the movies and I passed out okay
I can't handle pasta without staying
awake anyway guys that's gonna be it if
you haven't seen it we launched a brand
new angry grandpa store and it's got
hats hoodies brick in holiday sweaters
guys it's got everything if you haven't
seen it you can get it just in time for
Christmas and that's been happening
every time that I mention it kids if you
want anything in time for Christmas tell
your parents do not steal their cards
that's illegal
guys getting out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite smack
the like button if you got this far
and I'm going to the emergency room
