what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here I woke up about two hours ago going
to be going to grandpa's in a few
minutes but first I wanted to show you
my new hat that Bridgette got me
it's a steelers had now I will say I'm
not a huge fan of the Steelers I support
local that's why I was wearing I wear my
Carolina Gamecock hats or you know I
have you know the Panthers hat she got
me
Bridget gave this to me for my birthday
early she gave it to me a little early
and once I saw it I had a plan the plan
was to make her be make her smell my
armpit these things stink and the plan
was going to be that I would wear the
hat that I hate so much if she smells my
armpits and it worked
let's take a look at that I will wear I
will wear the Steelers hat if you smell
my disgusting armpits and go get me do
dirt from upstairs okay and you go wait
wait it kept you up it's gonna be good
for both armpits to Y go oh no that was
a little one I need a fucking a big
giant wondering why you didn't smell
yeah I didn't hear any smell my nose you
could smell it I don't smell it I smell
coffee oh go for it I want to see out
here
Oh God
she smelled my armpits and then she put
deodorant on me afterwards so look at
that I do this every time
he was here not every time for five
years
not every time every time did you do
yesterday I got the shower thank you
sorry yes yeah yes I did well you didn't
put on deodorant that yes I did oh I
never minded the Hat I just don't
support the team
I made her smell my armpit that knew I
could do it so that's what's going on
today uh got some deodorant got a new
hat
Bridget smelled my armpits I've been
doing this a lot almost like a workout
now smoo Mon remember anyway smelled my
armpits gonna go to grandpa's in a few
minutes but first dad is at the flea
market and I told him take his camera
with him and film and I will interlace
his clips with this vlog so this is
gonna be another mixture vlog between me
and Grandpa so let's check in and
grandpa at the flea market
oh my god
you need this is like kind of getting my
fear you know I am so afraid of snakes
you know the easiest way to get over how
homework oh yeah I don't know I never
held a snake in my life I'll probably
have a heart attack you touch one no
what's your name Chuck Chuck Chuck is
running the snake place
all right grandpa's looking at all these
patches
I like that patch hot leather and any
bad $28 I'm telling you now if you if
you come to the last and plea market
make sure you come to this booth stitch
master d25 nor would you eat that food
front of me you'll be ashamed
those are making brother Oh No thank you
brother pretty shit you know I do that I
cook everything i cooks with bacon
everything's better than thing oh you
got that right you know how to say you
keep putting lipstick on a pig is still
a pig
yeah you put bacon on in this better ha
ha ha ha put begging on a pig and the
pig is better yeah you really got some
nice stuff in here thank you all right
we're gonna move on down here and see
what's going on I like that picture so
we've already got the ps4 hooked up now
I'm actually working on the ps3 and some
people might be asking why would I want
to have the playstation 3 won't have the
playstation 4
well the PlayStation 3 currently still
has games that I want to play the
PlayStation 4 does not the Last of Us
the w/e 2k 14 GTA 5 plus they still got
free games that I can download plus it
has HBO go now so if I wonder why to HBO
GO I gotta use the ps3 because it ain't
on ps4 yet so there are benefits to
having the ps3 so I just have them both
down here and I'll just enter you know
go between HDMI inputs and I'll watch
something there so I'm setting up the
ps3 which I love the Xbox one's not even
down here oh my god how big is he
smaller than the one I got down here oh
now it's small
you ain't worried about being bitterly -
like Donnie snake no I got um guinea
pigs and hamsters just Nick's come in
here huh I just had to throw that out
there she's all wrapped up oh my god
that's two of them one two three oh my
god
and that was bigger yeah oh my god
I am cringing like to say that I'm sure
no it's fine it's fine
he's resting oh come on baby
that's a baby huh he's not full ground
oh thank god so for the better part of
the last hour and a half of a messing
with the ps3 because apparently it was
trying to connect to the old settings
and it showed both connections and it
had to reset it and that didn't work and
and then I called dad to let him know
that I'm gonna be a little laid off
shore the goddamn free muck - go fuck
yourself big boy so there's that I'm a
little frustrated right now but the ps3
is working thank god he's finally
working as you see Young is you can buy
anything and everything at the flea
market from chickens the dogs to snakes
the general merchandise to old general
burgeoning Damon's own eggs over here
so we just go walk around and then take
a look anyway youngins is going to end
my trip to the flea market as I enter
the last table see we're already got
here
all right we're leaving Italy all these
people here young this place is packed
there's like that every Saturday and
Sunday at the flea market so right now I
am wearing the shoes that redwood got me
Louise I think it's Louise I apologize
you know I never get anybody's name
right you would think I'm like the most
uncultured person in the world I can't
pronounce names like Louise maybe it's
Lewis either way uh probably Lewis but
it's Lu is would you spell Lewis L oh
you is well Lewis I want to say Louise
well Lewis thanks for these shoot mazes
these are these are fucking nice he's
are a great birthday gift he loves her
I'm actually mad at you Lewis because he
loves those shoes way more than once I
got him well I really picked out those
ones I can't wear those with a what do I
got orange look nice so I wear when
Shopp aren't you
Owen shirt sale I won't wear orange
maybe some sort of black with orange AG
P is leaving the flea market now I'm
still got them damn cigs am I got in
mind
tell you what next week if y'all can
visit me if y'all can convince me I'll
go to stay place and I'll put a snake
around my neck holy fuck I die I'll do
it if I can get born a thousand
subscribers
i'll be--i'll where to sneak around my
neck and you all know I'm scared to
fucking death of a snake
anything his name's George wits and dad
is asleep he fell asleep watching TV
alright
so Michael are you doing go ahead huh
let's go ahead and turn this off I think
I got my courage up okay if we can come
up with 400 thousands drivers by next
weekend I'm going to the flea market and
I'm gonna hold a steak ah yes what what
we hope is hey can we have four nine
drivers what we already have four no
hell no we do not yeah you do
are you good do it it's right now it
says 400 or 399
well how YouTube is frozen we got by ieg
boy though there's been a known issue
with YouTube where they've been freezing
lagging on views and subscriber counts
for the past four hundred thousand
before all those you will see four
hundred thousands gonna update with the
next few days high for that right I will
double dutch snake oh now you said it we
go drape around yourself generator you
get you get imported twins out and I'll
let wrap it around my neck two or three
times what I just fuckin know he'll pay
back now I would do that but you're not
gonna get that that's not fair you're
right I ain't gonna do it
I will go here with Julie well if they
ain't we get for our $20 fine you just
said it ain't going good food I said it
once you get really idea that the time
frame then Shadybrook go back three my
weight at four hundred twenty thousand
mine x out that's twenty thousand and a
week
oh well I want that's not fair you'll
get both fuckin snake man send here all
your friends get them to subscribe
because I went in to wrap a snake around
grandpa's shoulders three-time haven't
yet you ready judge the bitch you're
probably right
you know I probably shit my pants too
hey how's your death of snake I swear to
God I would Rose might beat you a
baseball bat me your nippers the sea
snake
next Saturday for 420,000 subscribe no
you already said for how you doing
no matter what no I saw I would I would
yeah but okay so you're gonna put it on
no matter what but reach 420 it's gonna
rap you're gonna put it on wrap around
my nail no man I can't do that
well my I will piss myself either way
you're getting a snake oh I'll probably
piss myself either way yeah usually what
are you ain't going I'm gonna film it no
you're not yes I am not going with me
yeah yeah imma try to tell them what a
venomous snake going oh my god Amy's got
one good an island what that's not shit
or break that motherfucker
what are they this is Michael Green and
you're so easy for your birthday what if
his breakdown okay I'll get what goddamn
well get a will give it to me no you
can't open it your birthday
wait a minute Tommy I got you three
letters put up I don't want people to
send out for my birth and I got you
another package put up I don't want
people sending out that for my brother
yeah yeah you go you lie little bitch no
I don't celebrate birthdays shake it
what is that I have no idea but it came
from on probably a dildo or something
gave Amazon man it's probably a dildo
probably don't send anything for the
birthday yes
I don't yes yes I don't celebrate yes
just yes yes yes save him a card no
nothing's anymore what does that mean
it's in you hope birthdays are damned
morning to me it's another year older I
don't celebrate hey I got plans and
Michael what can't tell you well I'm
leaving dad's house yeah dad's
instructed that I do not film him my
father
yeah father a mine tell me where have
you been
wonder if I'll ever see you again
well that's gonna be about it for today
we found out that next week grandpa's
gonna put a snake on the shoulder no
matter what he says if we reach 420,000
that he'll wrap it around his neck a
couple of times I don't foresee that
happening but no matter what we've
already reached 400,000 so he has to
wear the snake he has to hold a snake
and I'm probably going to tell them that
as venomous just to scare the fuck out
of them so thanks for watching you guys
this vlogging format was a little
different I want I just wanted to try
something out that's what vlog things
about trying out new things so thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite and happy Saturday thanks for
watching or 100,000 subscribers thank
you guys snake
