what's going on you guys cute behind the
camera here and I'm sick today I have a
headache
last night I had a headache and my
internet went out so I had to upload the
vlog for yesterday today so I said
throwback Thursday on Friday huh
so anyway happy Friday everybody happy
Friday everybody
bridge it there Bridgette insisted we
watch this Michael Jackson is not sure I
want to know the fact I'm actually
really enjoying it it's called lied the
life of an icon Michael Jackson so
anyway it's Friday Friday Friday oh we
got new blinds last night so here they
are and a few minutes I'm about to
upload the video of grandpa making salsa
so if you uh if you want to watch the
grandpa making salsa video click the
link below here's just a quick little
preview apple cider vinegar now what
would a copy
back so that's grandpa making his I
think he calls it trailer-truck
authentic trailer-trash salsa I think he
calls him so that's grandpa's authentic
trailer-trash salsa so check that out on
his channel now also my sister has a
YouTube channel again
she had one before and she deleted it I
don't know why she but she deleted the
YouTube channel and you can check out
her link also below and I'll also show
you a clip on her YouTube
so that's my sister she's gonna be
trying to do daily vlogs she's got a
much nicer life than Heidi she has
children who are sweet and she's not
vulgar like the rest of us so if you
want to see the nicer side of the family
go check her out you don't know who I'm
talking about my sister Kim is the one
grandpa was talking about that woke him
up out of his month-to-month long coma
when he had a surgery and doctors were
telling us grandpa was gonna die and she
came from New York and she talked to him
and he snapped out of it like that it
was saying he woke up he almost
immediately within like a minute
the doctor was telling my sister to come
from New York to come say goodbye
because he was probably not gonna make
it so she got there and she starts
screaming dad wake the fuck up and he
woke up it was insane it was astounding
so if you want to check her out her link
is below
oh I probably don't wanna see me doing
this right now do you put your arm down
I'll put it down okay that question what
and the hell is in this thing oh Lord
sentiment for what so you're spraying
ants with cinnamon and vinegar yeah
would you have any one that Bella okay
I'm on the come on the phone my sister
who needs some rendering tips so what
did you say what's messed up I just
think you need rendering tips what's
wrong with that well rendering is saving
the video settings for the video now go
ahead and render your club okay so it's
already saying dinner looks good there
you go wasn't that easy so she did her
video last night let's take another clip
another look at that where it goes in
the hippos
not weird all right there you go there's
some order what are my plants child what
no what are the pink one now if you saw
that it was clearly saved in the wrong
format she had it in 4 by 9 and way I
think 4 4 by 3 instead of 16 by 9 and so
that's why I didn't fill up the whole
screen well that's much better if you
want you can upload your preview to
YouTube as unlisted just to see how it
looks there you go but your vlogger now
you're vlogging here
I'm shaycarl good that's what the
English well don't do they pew it
worries me every time I was going to
take them to the vet I know it's
horrible
ok so much my sister's fogged now this
is the conversation she and I were
having on her perspective was kind of
cool
it looks good she fix the answering
ratios
you're welcome Kim for me fixing the
aspect ratio but you didn't say thank
you so go check that video out the link
is below it is called help at the end of
the day and I guess I was to help at the
end of the day Kim says that I was the
help at the end of the day thanks Kim I
do like the video though there's some
clips of my niece's over there and so
good video Kim check out the link below
my face did we're that went check out
the link below said my face did like the
direction of my finger so anyways you
guys check out the link below
anyway check the link I didn't stop
check out the link below sup girl okay
Ron start recording everytime she just
jumps off hey you see the TV from here
as you see is paused on Desperate
Housewives we were on the final season
that it looks almost looks like Kim's
aspect ratio from this angle well
today's been one of those days where we
didn't do much I was sick when I first
woke up I just I did not feel good hey I
can do the arm thing now without
grossing you out so I was sick I had a
huge headache bridge gave me some
headache pills and I felt much better I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog that I
put up earlier it seems I want to put
two up but this around the same day but
the Matt Hardy story I hope you guys
enjoyed a lot of people waiting to see
that or hear that so the Matt Hardy
story
I got a prank I'm pulling on grandpa
tomorrow I'm gonna prank oh tomorrow a
video then I'm probably gonna upload
maybe Sunday or Monday so that's always
fun
another prank we also need to celebrate
400,000 subscribers which we have hit on
the main channel and I have a hundred
fifty thousand I can't even begin to
express the level of gratitude I have
for all of you guys that was a weird
noise behind me that was belicoff note
was Clyde cuz that was right fucking
there
I'm sorry I accused you of something
bail I can't begin to describe the level
of gratitude I have for you guys for
sharing the videos and always liking
them and subscribing and sending them to
your friends and because of you
we have reached 400,000 subscribers on
YouTube and that's just amazing I think
back in January we we hit 300,000 so
that's a hundred thousand people in five
months and that's just astounding that
is just humbling that's just amazing you
guys are awesome we you know you guys
hate me I get it a lot of people hate me
I I'm not gonna say I don't know why
let's get let's just take a couple let's
look at a couple of reasons why you hate
me
you said spring 2013 you push the
release date to fucking September it's
September spring it's not I hate me too
I do hate me you hate me I look at the
emeritus saying I hate that fucking guy
I look I wake up and I go huh good
morning class you again I hate you I
don't really hate myself no but
seriously I get why you hate me I get it
I know I you know I whine I bitch I cry
I'm an asshole I don't know why I was
doing that was one you're hated because
you're annoying your voice is annoying
to them your laugh is annoying to them I
know I can't show you cuz you're smoking
right now that's right she was smoking
this whole time so thank you guys
seriously as much as you hate me as much
as you love that much as you hate
Bridget I hate her just as much as you
guys I'm kidding I don't hate
400,000 subscribers and Syria what's so
funny still okay where'd you go stand
over here and hold the camera I want to
try to do the risky business shot me
just watch you go right here just went
this direction you'll see you ready
okay can I kind of see are you doing so
that's it I just who cares I can't do
this hey but I have an idea
why don't you take a break and be in
Selangor for a day the girl let's give
it a shot be a happy girl so that's it
look at this thing that's it for today
there's a cool little shot is the
thumbnail like it so anyway that's it
like/subscribe
pickle boy
