sup Clyde where's everybody yet where's
everybody icon oh you know make you rub
your belly ain't ya my gosh where's
somebody at Clyde lesions would whoa
y'all right come here
hey Bill wait all calm it well um what's
going on you guys keeping a camera here
and I just woke up
and today is throwback Thursday well we
are on our way back to the old house now
for the last time we're going to do the
walkthrough we paid off our lease till
August and now we're going to go make
sure there's no damages for the deposit
so there's no damages that house is real
it's just the same as when we left it so
anyway we're gonna go do that right now
and well we are leaving Chisholm core
for the last time are you gonna say via
Jess oh Jesus
haha did not even notice I said that
honestly well we moved anyway yeah well
leaving it was a great house it was
really was we just hit the walkthrough
everything was perfect while I was there
I'll put him about in the second prison
while I was there I noticed my loot
crate arrived and you gotta change your
dress for that I do so I'm gonna open
this when I get home so this is the loot
crate I got the idea for the loot crate
from boogy boogy was telling me
boogie2988 he was messaging me on
twitter and he was telling me to try out
loot crate so here it is loot crate I'm
gonna check it out
I'll explain more about lucre when I go
back to the house and I'll open it there
but for now
now's nothing I'll seen him a lot Sun
will go down this street I guess I
filmed the goodbye to the street now and
the Walmart I had to film this little
sunset at the next time the Sun sets
over Exxon
Oh God sunsets over Wendy's papa
always money never been to you Baba
Valentin ah by Valentino's
but neato is no longer at Valentino's we
don't know where he is he's left us
again
he hasn't been for like I don't know two
years yeah since we lived here he ham
and needles been gone oh yeah yeah I
guess they never knew it was the
Valentino's it was the Tuscan Bistro
well you know honestly I much preferred
our Charleston several anyway I'm sure
he's on good place there ha part of me
does part of me does not I love your
child somebody took and offers well I
don't like seeing I don't like driving
near or around the old trailer park
because I get pissed off so we just got
all my bills freaking out hey there girl
hey we're back I know y'all glad you're
so happy
hey mama's gets water I'll go get some
more fresh water okay so they say tips
for the perfect unboxing document don't
forget to photograph and film your
unboxing share share your experience
with the looter community enjoy to the
looters go the spoils enjoy your new
swag minecraft hangers okay hey no
keychain that's pretty cool actually huh
you put this on your keychain Bridgette
hmm no it's really cool you should yeah
so far we've got this which it looks
like a keychain I believe and a Zelda
shirt that's awesome I'm taking it I'm
not gonna be able to fit in it yet it'll
be big on you but it's gonna be rest
sleep shirt when I can fit in it I'm
wearing zelda around really find it
really strange that others literally
just beating this game I know that's
crazy it's like they know Luke racing
will send him to Zelda sure okay
one figure inside this is something from
the Cartoon Network I don't know what
this is I don't know the reference of
this Funko toys if anybody knows what
this is
post in the comments so there is a
figure inside this maybe it's a snack
what am i holding
okay so there's this thing I don't know
what this is but if you know what this
is let me know already is worth V I
think I paid 12 bucks for this foot
month just because I got a shirt the
shirt alone makes it worth it aka cancel
subscription no I love this thing no
surprises
Alice it's a CB with also with music
it's a CD for the something called the
friendzone it comes on Fridays at 3:00
p.m. so whatever that is if it's true
these are like these are temporary
tattoos Oh whoo this is a bottle opener
Lou's like Zelda again right that might
be I'm looking so stupid right now that
is so place okay what is this thing oh
my god anybody know why I'm holding here
a keychain that I'm not putting on my
keys but I can't drive oh I guess you
got some your pocket it's really coming
Michael that's a diet soda what are you
doing yeah what diet okay
these are CaptainSparklez
stickers uh-huh there's a bunch of stuff
in this thing dude
look buggy ain't seeing no smack I would
promise to smack okay
there wasn't a stack will be a fucking
lied to me you fucking lied to me boogie
there's no smack I don't need it anyway
and sticker so for this loot crate enter
this code down up down down / / / / ba
enter what is that good for people try
out this code and let me know what it
works for looks like you might be for
the Xbox because of the EBA that's
interesting use it if anybody knows what
that is let me know adventure stickers
an adventure button a CaptainSparklez
sticker it's adorable temporary tattoos
the friendzone soundtrack this thing
uh-huh this guy oh this thing uh-huh and
this that's the best part
yeah budget it's only 12 bucks we expect
me to get under say this alone is only
good why would pay 20 bucks for your
enemy I now so I got this shirt plus all
this stuff in no snack maybe I'll book
it you lied man you said there's a snack
I still reason I got a crate oh good
that's my snack uh-huh well that's my
loot crate for this month Zelda share
all kinds of stuff fucking rocks dude
and bogey I'm going to be watching your
video on camera of your loot crate
unboxing if you do it in time for me to
put my vlog I want to see how yours
compares to my career there's a snack in
it I'm gonna know they favorite you over
me now get that camera off of me
oh there's a hat Bridget got me for my
birthday
she got it early she gave to me early
it's Carolina Panthers have fitted the
bill do you look at that bill yeah it's
really awesome I love it it just feels
so awesome I'm sharing your present box
oh this is Michael's peasant box you
can't really tell but anyway it's a box
filled with boxes that are unboxed and
I'm going to wrap everything on June
first unboxed they're in boxes that
means they are not unboxed oh unboxing
it to take things out of the boxes yeah
so they're not unboxed which means
they're boxed oh she missed us gone yeah
yeah the dollars of will so now I'm
going to tell you why it's throwback
Thursday last week when I was telling
everybody asking everybody if they want
to hear the video where grandpa and I
were cleaning out trailers in the people
came home I saw a recommendation from a
fan named Christian Beltran Beltran I'm
sorry for mispronouncing your name but
Christian came up with the idea that on
throwback Thursday
I could dedicate it to old stories stuff
that I haven't told just stories and I
thought perfect so for today's throwback
Thursday I'm going to tell the Matt
Hardy story because people have been
asking for it and I'm gonna tell it so
to catch everybody up on the Matt Hardy
story you must first realize what
happened to Matt Hardy in real life in
real life
Matt Hardy injured himself I think it
might have been a knee injury he injured
in some while he was wrestling and his
real-life girlfriend at the time Lita
while he was away with injuries started
cheating on him with his real-life best
friend edge Adam Copeland and it was not
a wrestling storyline it really happened
Matt Hardy and Lita were engaged and
Lita cheated on Matt with Adam cope
edge and it was the whole thing I met
Hardy got fired for and the fans were
bitching so they brought Matt Hardy back
and they did a whole thing and then Matt
Hardy got sent down to SmackDown so in a
very serious very real very painful part
of his life he was cheated on by his
girlfriend with his best friend and then
he got fired and then rehired and then
pushed down on the card to be
unimportant well when he came back he
started dating a Playboy model named
Ashley Massaro and whoa she's hot
Ashley Massaro was hot and Matt Hardy
got her and they were dating so Monday
Night Raw comes to North Charleston I
think it might have been december pino
third 4/5 of 2006 i think it was 2006 I
could be wrong and a whole bunch of us
fans showed up to Monday Night Raw
early I had my nephew Joshua my brother
was there and we're all just sort of
sitting out there watching as the
wrestlers arrive and leave and Matt
Hardy pulls up and Matt Hardy is in this
car and he has a dog and the passenger
seat and he's saying that for a few
minutes and then all of a sudden Lita
the chick who cheated on him comes
walking out of the building and walks up
to the car and gets in it I'm guessing
it was a mutual dog that they got
together while they were in the
relationship but Matt brought it to
Monday Night Raw and Lita was holding
the dog and they were they were talking
and chatting for a good 15 minutes and
we were all yelling at them to come back
out hey Matt come out come see us they
were talking to the dog and talking to
each other then all of a sudden Matt's
current girlfriend Ashley Massaro comes
storming out of the building screaming
what the fuck how dare you so Matt gets
out of the car and it's damage control
you can see him talking to Ashley we
don't we weren't close enough to know
what he was saying I assumed it was like
hey chill the fuck out but he was you
know he was trying to subdue her trying
to shut her up because she was yelling
and bitching and then Lita
gets out of the passenger-side car
holding the dog and she sits down on the
ground again I couldn't understand what
Matt was saying but will do his head
movements which looks like dad when he's
missing his candy so something like god
damn motherfucking bitch Matt gets into
his car he slams the door and he speeds
out of there
tire track - and he was out of there
while he was gone
Ashley starts yelling shit over Aleta
leave my fucking man alone and leave is
going oh the dog the dog whatever she
was saying she was just patting the dog
leader looked afraid which I don't know
why cuz leader was a bad bitch you could
have fuck Ashley up Ashley goes back
into the building and we don't see her
again however a good five minutes later
the car comes pulling back up Matt gets
out of the car takes the dog from leader
they talked for a few minutes and he
speaks right back out but he stops at us
at this time as he's leaving he pulls
beside us
everyone Matt can we get your autograph
and with this look of how dare you looks
at us I'm a little fucking busy right
now and he speeds off he was a little
fucker boozy where I'd know because he
was getting get into an argument with
his girlfriend probably breaking up I
don't know if they got back together at
that I don't know if that was to break
up tweet him and ask you know Matt Hardy
brand ask him if that's when they broke
up cuz if not we were there for a huge
argument but I feel like it was a
breakup so to wrap up the story quickly
for you Matt was seeing his ex
girlfriend who cheated on with his other
best friend edge Matt was there seeing
his girlfriend Ashley Ashley came out
because Matt was in the car with his
ex-girlfriend who cheated on him
Ashley bitched at him Matthew sped out
Matthew Matt sped out comes back get
this dog yells at us and leaves and
that's the Matt Hardy story this is
super cool so I'm watching bogeys loot
crate unboxing chain with the loot crate
insignia and says it's always here you
can't recognize it as that classic scene
from the first Legend of Zelda it's
dangerous to go alone here take this and
Link holding up the loot crate that's
very cool and I'd show you off the
t-shirt but my wife is already came in
here during the cut and taken it from me
hey in fact I think she's in there in
the mirror right now like taking
pictures of it for Twitter so uh so I
wanted to spend another minute checking
out the loot crate just to see so this
was a Minecraft keychain sexually really
cool this is the loot crate button and
it is the shield from Zelda
with the Minecraft sword so that's
pretty cool May 2014 adventure this
right here is the Legend of Zelda
keychain I have now been told that this
is a keychain uh I don't know what's up
with that I still don't know if you get
it tell me looks like a freaking
controller or something but I really
thought it was like a bottle opener or
someone but it's a keychain with The
Legend of Zelda from the first game
pretty awesome this guy whom I still
don't know what it is I hope I don't
know anybody because I assume other
people do know who that is but I don't
know and of course the best thing in the
box
The Legend of Zelda shirt it's got
writing all on the shirt that describes
link and it makes it into a Legend of
Zelda the figure makes it into link it
is amazing as you saw in a couple of
vlogs ago I was replaying Link's
Awakening then I just beat it yesterday
and I got the shirt J it's really it's
like the weirdest timing and now I'm
gonna try it on whether I fit me or not
does it quite fit me right now it's a
little tight and you can get that body
shot you can get the way in I think you
look good honey
I'm older diet though I'm gonna lose
weight like I'm fitting this fucking
shirt but for right now it's fat guy a
little shirt that guy a little sure I'm
so sorry link I don't mean to do this to
you man but anyway that's going to be it
for today shirt don't fit gonna keep
trying it but that was today did the
walkthrough to the house got my loot
crate which I didn't know what anything
in it it was but the shirt made it worth
it once I can lose some weight
I see bridges hand dipping are you
paying attention mmm
anyway like subscribe favorite if you
want to check out loot crate lukla I
don't know what I just said there you
want to check out loot crate the link is
below loot crate is basically a monthly
service where they'll send you for about
twelve bucks a month they'll send you
little stuff a críticos my shirts
it comes with snacks when we saw what
happened with hats now I don't talk
about the snacks so like subscribe
favorite and boogie you owe me a snack
the peel boxes below send it I want a
snack cuz you fuck me over traffic
camera I'm kidding I'm kidding booty I'm
joking
seriously chalu crate
