what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here visually yeah Bridge away
there and today is my Wednesday oh I
guess she should have probably noticed
by now course by the title the video and
by looking around where else moved we
had there I'm gonna get to that story in
a little bit I'm gonna tell why we had
to move when I get into the story but
first let's go into my Wednesday whale
me wipe the screen so when I told you
the other day that we had stuff going on
we had people over we have people coming
over to help us pack and we had you know
have pizza for them and I took Sadie out
to you know to get you know barbecue and
I had the burger there in the hot dog
and you know last night you know we
didn't have any food and it was late so
we just decided to go get some food last
night we screwed up this was not my week
I'm guaranteeing the wait game this week
at least six pounds but I'm not going to
run away from the weigh-in
just because I gained weight so we're
gonna do it let's find out just how much
weight I actually gained from last week
which was 334 let's hope I'm not back up
350 cuz I screwed up a lot pizza and
burgers and hotdogs and Mexican food I
screwed up this was a total cheat week
the entire week but let's find out what
I weigh 336 how was that possible
I don't know cuz he stirs ate like two
whole pizzas
it wasn't quite too old pizza but it
wasn't far off a lot of blame I don't
know how I only gained two pounds I'm
I'm aesthetic this is like a weight loss
for me
oh wow so made the same I mean the
lighting okay there we go
anyway now it's back to dieting as usual
we're fully into the house I'm about to
give you a tour and then I'm going to
tell you why we had to move but first
let's go and get that tour going well
we'll start the poor off right here
looking at Bella we have a walk-in
shower now and I'm gonna scare Bella
when I win this this was what I told
Bridget I wanted the most oh I'm telling
you the showerhead well you need to get
like a shower
you know first shampoos and stuff done
yeah yeah and we have this the bathtub
another toilet this is the toilet as you
see the total paper is gone cuz I didn't
go on a pizza
goodness this causes huge so we have two
sides in this closet we have Bridget's
side which I also took the dresser so
Michael gets the closet where's Clyde
he's downstairs
Clyde refuses to come upstairs sometimes
no he he likes to like eat food or
whatever I know no see I came out here
the other day and he was just standing
at the foot of the stairs looking up
he's always done that though so here's
Bridget's side this is my side look at
on my person they're not all unpacked
yet but so far I got okay could you guys
chill out
yes good lord man call it that was me
are you doing Bella
give me that Paul there's a such thing
as too big and I think this is where it
is just we're gonna do it all the space
here I can so this is the master bedroom
Bella why are you starting so much right
now Taj it's her it's always hard
oh why why you be waving the bully oh
man what a horrible entrance it went
blurry immediately let me film the door
and close it and reopen it
here is my new playroom and I cleaner
I'm putting all of his blu-rays which is
all of those boxes in here
my blu-rays are in all these boxes yeah
let's 500 scary blu-ray blu-ray blu-ray
blu-ray
how many blu-rays do I have you have
like I don't know a little Rosen so
they're gonna be on these shelves I'm
not gonna film or not but I'm also going
to use the bottom part of for blue is to
you can't fit in a little space Belle
are you doing come on out girl okay okay
here is another this is the second
biggest bedroom which is actually the
size of our old master actually now was
it bigger
yeah well Bella he was the new blue room
so I think this should be a guest room
he can be a gas one we got to get a bed
for it yeah and here comes the stairs
you good Bella okay and here is
downstairs
oh hey Terkel hi is this where you were
huh is this where you weren't a whole
time EJ in here rolled over as you can
see none of this stuff has been a packed
yet we still got a lot more to go
we have the old living room furniture in
here this is the other bathrooms a
little half bath
let's over there I didn't need the light
because it what's the same me what you
found tell you and as you can see we
don't have the double fridge anymore
no that's alright we have this fridge
and here's our stove and have promised
the same appliances we had at the other
place here is our living room
washer/dryer Bella who I'm walking into
this room by bells
oh I'm not you know another our actual
living room this is what we've decided
to make into the living room so we have
the couches the television there the
huge dog bed huge dog with it that makes
it hail of dog toys so we got a lot of
unpacking to do here's a shot of the
kitchen from the living room so Bridget
what you gonna do the honors of opening
up the garage door hey come on dude
seriously and this would be the back
porch in the yard for the dogs to play
in until Bella so I guess the question
that's going to be asked to white it's
love and that is the door we have
propped open and the wind is trying to
blow it shut the reason that we decided
to move was over at the other house we
signed on for a one-year lease and it
was the option that we were also going
to sano for a second year that year was
going to end in August and we got the
house through one of Bridget's mom's
friends so we heard through the friend
that the renter was either going to
raise rent on us or work on selling the
house which was going to be the option
for us after the second year because
right now my credit is terrible and you
know I got the medical bills for my
gallbladder surgery and because of that
I'm not able to try to finance a house
right now just not you know in a
position to do that but maybe after two
years I would possibly be able to do
that but she did what she decided she
was not going to be waiting for the
other year I decided to get the ball on
the roll Brigette found this place and
we moved grand there were a little
further away from dad now than I would
like to be so there you guys have it
that's the vlog for today gained 2
pounds which ain't bad considering all
the food that I've been eating you know
so that's it
you know like subscribe favorite and
grandpa actually doesn't know that I
moved yet so that might make for an
interesting video
