so I saw some people leaving comments
because the way you treated that fan at
the hospital that you mean that gotta
come up behind me yeah number one I
didn't film everything because when I
was done I gave him an autograph and he
was happy as hell number two he said he
did it on purpose just to be in the damn
video and other what I mean as I was
over he said out there in the waiting
room but we taught like 15-20 minutes
while we live wait my gran still to be
operated on
so don't accuse me of being mean to
somebody now I'm not calm down no I will
not calm down they would accuse me of
being mean I said I told everybody that
you explained it you were fine but you
were joking with the guy I get that I
mean Jesus Christ I was worried about my
grandson you have a surgery and I got a
dude behind me going I signed his
autograph
a part of a goddamned FZ go up you
bought me no pepsico you don't deserve
one you've had enough so what do you got
here dad just manga no one is in these
jars as Tomatoes hug over this that's
the song I saw sir it looks good it is
good Drive need to chill out you need to
keep that goddamn self and tell
paternity how good you like it you might
want to give me a kiss okay
nobody saw but dad grabbed this area you
want all the camera leave this awesome
yeah give me a camera
Oh God we dare they around come over I
moan nervous cry uh
oh good what do you film you making this
yeah I will be letting the cookbook
Michael where's the drawer out hey I did
y'all go to me you made all this
I ate all that pull the reasons of
customs maybe I would be able to damn
for the best also never eat take over
the book cookbook cookbook
I'm already cookbook cook it in the
compartment grandpa ha ha ha hey boy you
eat too much they no calories in
calories and their chips that's about
all
can't stop dude I will put him down man
save me some you got jars there they got
a cool added go let's go take probably a
good time to chill out
I better not put my gut I feel good go I
saw some comments people wondering why I
asked people to click like if they want
to hear a story and the reason is you
know if enough people like it I know
that they want to hear the story but if
I loved you know it doesn't get that
many likes that I know it I know nobody
wants to hear the story so the reason I
asked you to provide it the reason asked
you to click like is cuz I an FBI if I'm
not grounded
what the fuck is a crab dance happy crab
it what the hell is that
delis catch I don't know what the hell
that is it's a joy to go crab vision ok
yeah W stab and there's I think you're
looking on a crowd they do the crabby
crab dance will do it
I'm pretty sure there's some squat and
involved at the hat if they're doing
crab dance there's gotta be some squat I
squat no did you squat hell is squatting
here fill me is this I've grabbed am do
they squat is it like this no yeah it my
renewed I had to grab Dan so do you
remember yesterday I told everybody to
click like if they wanted to hear that
story about the we were cleaning
trailers and stuff yeah well they did it
they want to hear it why don't cuz it is
a good story so I'm gonna go ahead and
we're gonna tell all right Kelly I want
to tell with you here also you're all
I'm not gonna be wrong so what year was
this hello
I think it might be in like 2003 or 2004
104 it was 2003 so in 2003 one that
grandpa's friends I guess you at the
time he was a friend he knew I needed to
work - hee hee hee be furbish Taylor and
he would let us go clean everything out
until we could have what was in that and
he would pass a little money portrayal
right and we would have to pressure wash
him and clean the trailers out you're
gonna cut the grass and we keep all the
stuff that was in the trailer right and
I remember the first trailer we did dad
was nowhere to be seen but I me and my
sister's ex-husband we were cleaning the
trailer and it was so hot that I passed
out in the trailer the guy had us do
another trailer and he gave us the
address and we decided we were going to
go there on a Sunday afternoon and we go
there and the house is packed with shit
dude and it had heated work so we had to
go through with it
so the key that we guy didn't work and
so my sister Kim when I called him I was
like him in his keynote work he's doing
a people provocated lot go ahead and
break in dojo you too mom so we go
through the window my sister goes
through the window and unlocks the door
and we get in there we're like look at
all this stuff
David big TVs stereos recliner the blue
table on a goddamn one weird hit a
jackpot never got
gamergate oh yeah so we're loading the
van up we're packing the van with stuff
dude like dad said they're like we used
to go to yard we used to go to the
auctions and we'd also go to a flea
market on the weekend we'd sell dad's
going oh I can get $35 a flea market and
we're loading up the van and we're
sitting having a good time the fridge is
cold with food so we sit there we get us
a cold drink and we have a man beer
drinking beer then powers down the house
we found a big box full of video games
there's a PlayStation 2 which was brand
new at the time PlayStation 2 and I
loaded with video games and dad's like
Merry Christmas good they show detrol
goddamn Christmas oh yeah well not quite
so we're loading up the van dad let me
let's take a break we brought us some
sandwiches and stuff
no we made sandwiches man that god damn
French rules be bit of the frigerator
game you made us food
yeah I'm not made y'all dinner so we're
all sitting at the kitchen table eating
dinner eating chips and I think the TV
was going good good god how did we not
know I remember one point you did make a
note that was like show me robot this I
said yeah but he's still loading up your
damn van full of stuff so we're saying I
won't point we're trying to find out how
we can get the pool table into the van
if we're gonna make two trips and next
you know we hear some door slamming
outside the mids about what the hell's
going on and I look out the door hey
you'll private property hit the bricks
motherfucker heat it out in the bridge
and went next door and called the cops
so the guy calls the cops the cops come
up ask us we're about to go to jail for
sheriff Patrol came up to the trailer
with their guns gone telling me up
against the wall mother fucker just deck
it down with frettin handcuffs it took
dad is in the back of this police car
shit a pant
so dad's in the back of the police car
we're gonna be in jail I was gonna get
to that
we all thought dad was about to get out
of the car cuz we don't in you Judy
then they thought we were a family of
robbers
we explained this situation that we got
the address from a guy who was you know
a house before be sure and we were very
pleased become a goddamn boat he did not
it he did I just send him there he read
he gave me the wrong address
he wrote the wrong address on the
goddamn jobs or order so it was really
falling back on him
motherfucker one to sue me anyway I just
assumed me motherfucker I ain't got
enough waiting I'm not him and then not
to mention he didn't fucking pass the
money for the other trailers we cleaned
no he ended up screwing us over on that
what was his name Oh Johnny thing was it
Larry no but his goddamn door pan random
she'll the Gaston jury upon in Gaston
South Carolina he had a hot ass - what
was her name
Amy Amy I don't remember her name but
not his cuz he wasn't worth remembering
are you sure what Larry when Larry so he
was willing to let grandpa go to jail
was trying to sue us for going to the
wrong house and he never fucking paid us
I don't know what your name is but you
had us break into a house and we were
gonna steal stuff and then and then the
guy didn't judge that's he judged he was
gonna sorta shit out he finally believed
me
cuz he told a bitch I'm G right now the
man says you same and we have paper with
your name he's oh he poured my name is
Jo Jo I tell you what you got one hour
to get her to my courtroom and I want
you to sign your name we go sent a hand
expert in a man teza motherfucker what
was his name I forgot I'm gonna make
some formula call somebody I'm gonna see
Bay now so we made a few calls we wanted
to figure out what this guy's name was
and we got it dad
Ronny you fucked us Rodney how many
years ago - well thanks for having me
dad get out of here is Friday Friday
gotta get down on Friday leave my house
leave it quick or I beloved make you eat
my dick get out of here
what are you come up with all these
songs I'm over another song
Michael get out of here comes a song I
don't water come up with a song
right now no no okay come on with a
freestyle I'm not a goddamn get out of
here this be funny I'll call grandpa
freestyle I'll go get the fuck out my
yard I give you a word and you rap with
it
no go you want to prove you're better
rapper than me Bob Michael whoa Jesus
you broke your neck okay the word is Bob
Michael cookie Bob Michael you know you
like a challenge though see if I blow
these people gonna be pissed off you
don't do it don't you fuck give me a
second just give me a couple okay
the word is cookie I got a cookie oh my
ass resembles your face and run real
fast get the fuck out of my yard or I'll
throw you bud - uh yeah then the road
yards each other hi I can hear it okay
your word is yard get out of here I'm
going in Oh we'll do three words then
I'll go like I'm ready to go
how about we get through easily I
promise y'all leave I'm not ready to go
in so the word first one ready to go is
first word very good fucking in first
word is you already get my fucking house
yeah but if you leave a fucking yard dad
oh yeah yard there you go yard please go
three words and I'll go okay dad the
word is yard yard I got a yard is next
to the street you other fuck get out of
here smell my feet okay the next word is
nice for this get the next word is fish
fish I'll a SUP I got a bag that smells
like fish just like Bridget then the
ditch boopadoo see you feel like fishy
not all right - no girl okay dad your
last word is spider there's a spider I
got a squished team right out our
bridges Plus saw the motherfucker Rudd
had the spiders and mother Oh get out of
here goddamn grandpa G later bro
man got fish he got CVA who's the
Carla's using the car
hello ladies what do y'all up to nothing
I will put y'all on YouTube what's the
favorite Dan your grandpa show why
