what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and today the weather is
just horrible
it was raining earlier and it was
extremely windy and it's just been one
of those days
however it is song Thursday but I don't
celebrate thong Thursday so you don't
have to worry about seeing me in a thong
or anything that's not something you got
to worry about that's just something
that I saw on Twitter and I thought it
was cool so I'm repeating it right now
as if I know what I'm talking about it
happy thong Thursday yesterday was
Wednesday weigh in and I lost four more
pounds bringing my total up to 14 pounds
so I'm still on the diet still
continuing got another Wednesday
weigh-in coming up in a week and looking
forward to that so yesterday I was
talking to my friend Isaac and he gave
me the idea to let Dad do some vlogging
like he's seen other youtubers do and I
can implement dads clips into my own
clips and mix it around the day and show
what Dad did and then show a little bit
of what I did I plan on doing this more
often but this is just the first of it
and it's not gonna be every vlog but you
know sometimes I will implement some of
dads clips if I can get any because he
had me know if he knew what he was doing
he was out of the fish market or
something and he recorded a little bit
so I'm gonna try to do this more often
where I show some of my day and some a
dad's day but today will be the first
time that I show and that's gonna be in
a few minutes when I start cutting to
that stuff also I told everybody
yesterday in the comments that I had a
prank plan for grandpa today
unfortunately I was not able to do the
prank because dad is not home and the
prank that I was gonna do he needed to
be home for dad is not home right now so
I can't do the prank however this week I
am gonna do another prank call and
grandpa he's home I don't know that it
will work I set it up last night that's
what I was gonna do it today hopefully
it works out cuz I wanted to do it to
him here we go I'm so what kind of mess
I can make
how's fun what's the camera Falls in
Hamburg lose everything you go why are
we even doing this after me your time so
right now I'm currently still in the
transition of switching from iPhone to
Android not the transition in the sense
that I still have an iPhone but in the
sense that I'm learning how this works
and what all this can do and I'm
learning so I'm still learning what the
Android can actually do and I apologize
if it's really windy right now because
it is windy outside while I do this one
thing that I downloaded that I really
liked is this zelda links awakening on
this emulator for the game board
it's really cool it's a frickin emulator
so it's an emulator for the Gameboy and
first of all zelda links awakening as
one of the games that defines my
childhood it was one of the greatest
games that i had ever played it's
emotional it's sad it's a great great
game and to have it on here which i
don't know if you can do on the iphone i
never are a little bit more but i can do
it on the iphone this is the gameboy
emulator and there's more all right
grandpas here and you get some shrimp i
come here every time i will strip this
rock up strip
that's that yeah well shrimp come into
the corner man got the best shrimp fish
in town yes sir
y'all want some good shrimp Thank You
Man
man got fish you got see hey who's the
cards use them to cop hello ladies what
do y'all up to nothing I will put y'all
on YouTube
dang your grandpa show alright so
grandpa's going home down to go thought
that strips land and make it make us
some fried shrimps type of something
y'all take care all right see all the
next go-around all right it's time to go
home now so bye young and co-manage next
trip out so it rained all day today and
when Bridget comes out in a minute I'm
gonna try to shake this tree to get her
wet I'm just gonna shake it oh like that
I need you to pick we got to pick that
bag up with that pillow in it decided to
shake water all over you
I was joking what I'm getting wet too
okay
hey thank for the shoes by the way
you're taking him back all my camera's
all wet what you okay buddy
Oh careful you guys hey grandpa yeah
today is the day I got to bring Jimmy in
he's got some bad teeth and they gonna
they gonna do some same day surgery all
fixed at one time and what the fuck am i
doing shut the fuck up you know I told
you already I'm here I'm gonna trot at
Hospital Jimmy's got apples to work done
to him you're doing I figure well I'll
see I go and make me a blog you know
what I'm dating Matt driving is so bad
here though grandpa
hey I know man and one of your fans nice
to meet you I do I'm a good Lea doesn't
mean you can I get your autograph
yeah I've got a busy ride a moment right
huh hey everybody I'm Ilya man I've told
you I live in the middle my block anyway
you know this is so cool look at me I'm
glad to oblige
okay I'm with angry pay for this stuff
we're losing severe PMS stand over there
okay
you know all this cuz of Obamacare
that's what can I help you can I get or
not it okay I had a question for you pop
Late Late okay do you remember that time
that we were into business where we
cleaned out trailers and stuff okay so I
was thinking about a story do you
remember the time that we were cleaning
out the trailer and that family came
home so I have a story and if you guys
want to hear it click like there's a
story of the time that we were cleaning
at a trailer after us to have gotten
repossessed
and it turned out we were cleaning out
the wrong trailer police were called
so click like if you want to hear that
story hey was that kid that came out to
you on video the vlog you gave me today
firstly you know you didn't record any
of the rest of your vlog that vlog you
recorded today when that fan came up to
me you loved me
what tell me you loved me on video tell
me you loved me
No
well that's gonna be about it for today
it's starting to rain this horrible
weather today just continues so if you
want to hear that story about the time
that we were cleaning out trailers that
were repossessed whoo this rain
progressively turning to get worse as I
stand here this should be good so if you
want to hear that story click like we
were cleaning at a trailer we thought
something was up because there was a lot
of stuff in that trailer so if you want
to hear that story click like and I'll
tell it tomorrow I know a lot of people
you know thank God I just walked in for
a second here a lot of people would ask
me to tell the Matt Hardy story Wow good
thing I left a lot of people want to
hear the Matt Hardy story so if you want
to hear the Matt Hardy story tweet me at
lyric old rap and say Matt Hardy story
so if you want to hear the Matt Hardy
story tweet that and I'll tell that
sometime this week oh man well anyway
that's it for today try to do the
implementation of dads blogging mixed
with my vlogging and if you guys like
that I'll do that more often so that's
it for today like subscribe favorite and
that's it favorite food besides bacon
banana means you're either banana makes
you more hmm
so you'll never do you ever eat a banana
buddy
