what's going on you guys can be on a
camera here I just woke up it's
Wednesday and that means Wednesday
weigh-in I'm gonna go ahead and step on
the scale
find out if I gained weight or not
because I have a feeling I gained weight
after those two mothers ate there's good
I had dessert I went to have we had the
maple blondie oh if you don't know what
that is look it up so let's find out if
I gained weight I hope not last week I
was 338 let's hope for 337 not 339 330
4.6 well the second Wednesday weigh-in I
have lost 4 pounds it's not as much as
last week but like I said I went out to
two Mother's Day dinners I had burgers
at both of them you know I was expecting
to gain weight so 4 pounds that's
amazing to me so another four pounds now
let's go get this shot over to reset my
whole body well here we go with this
again all right so this is the shirt
that I was wearing and grandpa's making
go through his bootcamp and wear this
because I know it's too small for me
right now so why not try it out oh well
another Wednesday weigh-in down four
pounds pretty cool I was expecting to
gain weight
so four pound as awesome well Bridget is
forcing me up one of my birthday
presents up even though birthday is 15
days away it's only because it solves a
pose that I know it shoes no it's not
once you feel like slippers I'll be
pissed
we're at they ruin if they're slow she's
not responding
these are slippers maybe they are
slippers a CDC sure you know my size
yep well then and you said this is the
absolutely worst thing of the stuff my
god yep I know happy early birthday
present Michael like bees I did too I'm
so happy you like wow these are like the
first pair DC's I got the right orange
version yeah they are baby open these
because you already knew it was from all
the other stuff right there yeah it we
ordered a birthday present there's a
big-ass Zappos let me check out let's
check out Zappa to see what they sell
first thing you see when you open the
website is shoes so I knew their shoes
yeah Wow
and they're laced for me save me that
time well these are nice I'm glad you
like Oh Michael I don't have socks on
right now but you just put it on Big
Foot
ah they are awesome yes yes yes yes yes
yes yes yes yes yes yes
yes well we're on our way to grandpa's
house today huh jeez don't do this
please
oh my god your fucking eyes out so
earlier I posted on Twitter that
grandpa's gonna be answering some of
your questions on Twitter today and here
we go I'm sitting here wait like at
night is 8:30 at night so here we are
8:35 and wait the up
you aren't asleep yeah you were just in
there I'll lay it down
so anyway I'm gonna record that right
now we're gonna answer some Twitter
questions so here we go I don't know
this guy's that's gonna put your weird
shit so there's one would you buy me a
diamond ring if I paid you in diamond
rings I'll bet I'll get a blowjob
together well yes dumb question I give a
dumb answer Anthony says if you had
three wishes what would they be and why
the three wishes first with me give it
to you
why do you bug the fuck out of me wish
number two would be I'd never met
no weirdo wish number one I wish I
wanted this room right now
why because of that Jesus Christ
that'd be weird ever dude yeah
wish number two I wish that never came
out of your ass again what the fuck
today why because it stinks what the
fuck did I eat Oh
deviled eggs wish there were three BS
stay with deviled eggs are you doing I
thought you just wished you weren't
gonna eat no more deviled eggs what's
wrong with it mmm
bro you get repulsive by the day the
good that caters I salute head 14 Oh
what good timing Ryan wants to know why
does grandpa fart for so long what does
he eat you name it it's there it comes
out I can't blame it on nothing what the
plug I think the answer for tonight was
deviled egg okay tonight yeah
and charcoal egg Kapoor cooked on the
grill babes heart are you serious
Oh God you've been grilling out almost
every day and I've been pardoned every
day I don't know if it's ally or ally
says would you quit smoking if someone
paid you $5,000 to shout-out on video
Mabel um Connie is by now I'll get five
thousand Oh both pop top dog kiss your
mother's ass uh and I leave float like a
butterfly sting like a bee get married -
keepin my $5,000 Valley Robert says do
you even lift grandpa drives or what do
you even lift
yeah I live you have tiny arms do you
even lift
I live by John Knightley joy a cigarette
I lift my lighter
I look by remote control
yes I did you goddamn wouldn't look at
mother fucker it's a fatality thing
vitaliy is a youtuber and he
people with little arms if they lift
yeah if your ass off the ground
do you think Justin Bieber is
circumsized or does he have the helmet
or the hose I think just be reporting
got no dick at all and I think he needs
to go back to Canada and circumcise his
lips while we talk about Justin Bieber
for okay I guess this is for me if your
mom and a supermodel changed bodies and
you had to fuck one of them which one
would you fuck fuck your mama fuck your
mama you know okay would you fuck mama
if she trained changed her body with a
supermodel
hey let you go who died of spiders like
everybody with a supermodel she was not
a vagina spiders we go still is I'd know
if mom changed her body with Miranda
Kerr's would you would you still have
sex with her well the first place I
don't know what a Miranda curves is okay
dad
so if mom looked like this her body
looked like that DVD be sleeping with it
if your momma look like that I beat no
doubt right in Biba I think I would do I
would eat that beaver to that mother
fucka didn't do it yeah it has nothing
Prabhas handle her anyway I should've
got their kids they're never just
hanging down about that logs of dragons
the great Maddie says give Big Mike $5
hug him and say I love you my son you
gotta give me 22 give him 5 then I'll do
it
how about just the hug how about fuck
you how do you save love me I don't love
you oh we all know that's a lie
yeah I love you if I left and I know you
if you didn't see me for three months
you would cry weren't you with your
mother the other night Mother's Day yes
then you might have some the child of
spiders on you they jump on over why
would I have
not hug you right you do it out of
batter anything why what are you doing
you keep them goddamn vaginas on our
hands off me you better job right okay
I'll stop
do you ever wonder or wanted to know
what Tina is like naked
what is grandpa's favorite food besides
bacon favorite food besides bacon I love
banana Oh God
peanut butter for Ellie oh yeah people
that a banana man you're either banana
makes you more mm-hmm so you're like but
I've never seen you ever eat a banana
what
you take it and you pee but oh oh and
it's so wet look at it it's just also
look so hot oh baby but once you get
that thing people look at okay yeah I'll
push it I can't show that too explicit
get it you like bananas okay
Ryan says what is grandpa's favorite
Beatle song I think that one minute I
don't want to spoil the party so I'll go
I would hate my disappointment to show
there's nothing for me here so I will
disappear I think I'll take a walk and
look for that bitch I hope they find her
ass in a ditch been a hard day's night
and I've been stroking on the hall it's
been a hard day's night I feel had one
hell of a log but when I get home to you
I find I'm gonna sue you you make me
feel so good ooh
I love it and when I get home to you you
know I'll stick it in you oh shut up
I just what's it quick copy of me okay
here's the last question Louis dawn
wants to know if grandpa was stuck on a
deserted island what one thing would he
take with him and why I would date me a
honey honey honey a woman a good-lookin
okay I would take me uh I would take me
some Bayon and I'll take a bowl you can
only take one thing it says one thing
damn honey will you leave Oh coconuts
beautiful night tonight go rain all day
tomorrow so go to hell I'm come back
over tomorrow I'll be damned I am coming
over tomorrow so what Angela come over
tomorrow night about the same time I'll
be damned I'll be asleep a while y'all
see you tomorrow 1:00 I know you will I
think a lot of people just wanted people
haven't seen yet so they want to see you
they date they see me okay thank you but
what you'll say nothing get out of here
tell me I forgot just tell me I want to
go to bear but you mighta leavin I just
want to say oh I was here at your house
last night
stalker I came over last night to drop
JC off and you were asleep and I was
gonna wake you up well in the honor of
600 lumen turn this off
yes in honor of 600 videos I decided not
to wake you up 600 videos was that I had
600 videos well as of last night all
vlogs no I have like 53 vlogs Dale we've
been doing this as well yeah that's just
my channel I don't know how many we got
total video okay she's got a car Craig
get out of here bye I want to be able to
tell my father
whoa I'm gonna feel me for the clip of
the end of the video stay exactly where
you are don't move
yeah I recorded that for the end
cutscene yeah we'll get the fuck out say
I love you Holly I love you get out of
here well I got to leave don't I
yeah you do how bout a move in to bug
out I'm going it are you ain't the
question are y'all together what are
they talking about
I don't either fucking huge is walking
out shooting star rain and I invited to
come in for a drink I mean we're taking
class to youth up yeah what's the point
of saying all this stuff what are you
talking about Michael he's trying to
give me a game everything I'm losing my
mind
