what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here my eyes are closed because
of the sunlight I just woke up it is a
video number 600 Wow
kid behind the camera now has 600 videos
a whole lot of stuff happened the new
formation of the vlogs
fat kid bitching about wrestling and
crying about GTA this channel has had a
lot happen on it so thank you guys for
watching 600 times if you watched but
regardless have you watched 1 to 2 to
600 no matter how many you watch thanks
for watching I appreciate it Bridget
appreciates it
this is 600 videos on my channel and
that is just crazy so tomorrow is the
day the first the second Wednesday weigh
in and I'm gonna tell you now I did not
lose as much as last week obviously the
first week is always your best and I
hear the second week as always your
worst I'm not gonna say I didn't lose
anything I might have gained something
though because you know I did go out to
to Mother's Day dinners I went to
Bridget's Mother's Day it took my mom up
for Mother's Day
both places I got a cheeseburger because
I can't fucking stop eating them so both
places I got a cheeseburger so last week
I was 338 let's hope this week I'm not
339 let's hope I'm not 340 let's hope
I'm less under 338 anything under 338
and I'm happy last week I was predicting
a 4 pound weight loss so that would be
cool that would be awesome but I'm not
counting on it I've also had a lot of
people asking me why do I post the video
so late last night was a rare exception
I posted it almost 6 o'clock in the
morning last night
that's because yesterday was one of the
busiest days of my life I had to go get
the phone my phone wasn't working so I
had to call Verizon while I was working
because I had I had to work all night
last night
plus edit dad's Monday mailbag video
plus edit the vlog so I had a lot to do
yesterday it was exhausting so I didn't
even get to start editing my video as a
matter of fact you see me filming at 2
o'clock in the morning with my phone so
I didn't even get to start editing that
video until 3:30 and the videos take
about two hours to save
and another hour to upload so it was it
was hectic it was crazy
but regardless that's why I upload my
video so late because I film all day and
then I add it and then I save it ok
would you call me up for four like in
there
here we are the next day and oh my
goodness
ha I know right how long have you been
working on this Wow the room is done
it's the next day by the way still
wearing the same shirt as yesterday
thank you wow that looks good
Thanks you're done good kid well night
came pretty fast didn't it like
literally it just went from sunlight to
darkness before your very eyes
so flame with this phone learning how it
works and it really really really is a
good phone let's take a look at the
camera real quick Hey selfie mode so I'm
going to go ahead and put on effect this
is the warped vision
effect look at that so it distorts the
photo so I'm going to take a picture of
me and then we'll show it to you and
there it is so that is the distortion
mode I've been playing with the camera
all day we'll see here's a distortion
picture I took a project I know a lot of
people going to go it looks the same
there are me soap
whoa Jesus there's one I took a bellow
she looks like she has a shrunken head
so I've had a full day to play with this
phone to see if I like it more than
Apple and if I gotta like it more than
the iPhone 6 I don't know I don't know
anything about the iPhone 6 but I do
like this phone way more than the iPhone
4 or 4s that I had so this phone is
pretty awesome this is the HTC One m8 I
haven't had a problem with it yet I'm
having a good time with it I've been
using the remote control feature which
just screams lazy but sometimes we lose
that remote so it's a really good
feature to have I hate to admit that
Isaac was right a friend of mine Isaac
has been begging me for a year to get an
HTC One and I mean like nah okay so
finally the HTC One m8 comes out and
said I'll try it and Isaac was right so
Isaac you're right so my nephew JC is
here look at you plain lazy like lazy
which in lame or Belle or lazy lazy oh
my god that's blasphemy I can't believe
you just that the Bell is my favorite I
like lazy though a lot of people say I
don't like lazy but I do lazy you want
to do the Daniel Bryan thing with the
belts heavy Dan a dad died Donna
yep saying yes yes yes yes yes
yeah I'll say yes while doing his theme
song so JC have been getting a little
bit of trouble in school lately so he's
been coming over here and he has to help
us he cut the grass he did good I gotta
give it to you he cut that grass he's
been helping us clean the house a little
bit how you feeling tired you're not
tired yes
oh about Nikki that'll make you do some
more stuff so we're gonna take them out
to Dad's in a minute dad might be asleep
and I'm not gonna bother him today I
will
let grandpa sleep but if he's awake I'll
record him for the vlog for a little bit
because I don't really have much for the
vlog today because I have the camera and
this is 600 videos and what was that you
asking for money least once is the
Greece's poem
Neela's shit you gotta do it on video -
where'd you learn that this is 600
videos and I didn't do nothing
and tomorrow's Wednesday weigh in well
grandpa is asleep
and I think for once I'm gonna be a good
son and let grandpa sleep so in
celebration of 600 videos I'm gonna
allow grandpa to sleep you'll thank me
tomorrow when you wake up okay so I'm
looking through grandpa's freezer to see
what I can steal he's asleep he won't
miss not a bit okay holy shit dad's got
a lot of frozen vegetables
I like that keep his food too
well that's gonna be it for today
this has been one whacked-out
celebration for 600 videos this is my
600 video and it's also officially
weighing Wednesday now there's midnight
so anyway thanks for watching you guys
sorry that nothing really happened but
today was busy we did a lot today today
yesterday but the two busiest days in my
life tomorrow better not be just as busy
it's Wednesday weigh in Wednesday way
and can't be busy so anyway like
subscribe favorite and I will see you
guys tomorrow for Wednesday weigh in
wish me luck wish me luck too which is
both luck matter fight you cannot wishes
both luck only wish me luck not her only
wish me luck not him
only wish me luck and I'm being
sincerely serious about that seriously
No Oh see you guys I was saying goodbye
to everybody bye guys love you this is
me thank you guys for everything all
your support I love you so much and
thank you this is you know Paloma this
is Gabe jacquard to me this is me oh you
bet you did it again
this is you all right you win
