yeah yeah it is I just heard it doesn't
go everywhere oh my god can you feel the
love tonight tonight
what's going on you guys give you a
steak kitchen here is here also behind a
really stinky kitchen just totally like
Matt takes my breath away this is really
it's hard to like breathe in here guys
it's like toxic what is the smell
actually chicken raw chicken old raw
chicken okay guys we're in front of our
kitchen yeah today is Monday and today
I'm with an angry grandpa oh so much so
cute guys if you haven't seen it we
launched a brand new store and on that
store we got these hats and guys this
hat is awesome look at this it's so cool
it is totally embroidered I I've always
rejected hats okay whenever I started
the store I was like I don't want hats
I don't want mugs I don't want any of
that BS just give me some shirts and the
guy was like trust me try hats and I'm
wearing it and I love it guys today I
hate the Hat
today is Monday and today um let's show
the back of your head
what is that me show the back of my head
let's just show the back of your head
for what snapback what what's going on
um you just have to like shave your hub
or breast fitted hats why because you
haven't had to the back of your head and
it's really cute
number one snap backs are back in style
number two how dare you make fun of me
no just wait approach dear you you know
what let's see Bridget's impression of
me what's going on you guys
I stink behind a camera here
how you like that one I wore bridges
glasses for that your vision is awful
like I cut my pants hey no it's over
with we're not doing the intros anymore
okay I play with toys Oh smell like a
poop can we stop this now no my god no
no no uh-uh
come on use the camera the camera oh yes
guys Michael was making grandpa pizza
right okay
come on Bridget I'll help you in a
minute
last night I'm talking to dad he said he
wanted his fried chicken today for
dinner but he also really wanted a piece
of pizza okay so I decided to heat them
up a piece of pizza in the oven and this
is how it turned out
yeah it's like it's like a frisbee bitch
dude how did this happen I think you
should throw it as a frisbee just see
what happen undo me okay mmm help me
you're so helpless Michael okay oh gosh
anybody home holy crap my turn
all right you ready oh yes this is the
pizza she won't see something oh god a
hole in it
it's a creepy way hey yeah look at this
okay I didn't know you weren't opossums
I know I told you guys that in the next
scene we were gonna be with Grandpa but
unfortunately we got to go to KFC
because this is the nuttiest thing you
guys
we sent Jennifer to KFC to get about a
hundred dollars worth of food so we can
have fried chicken and biscuits and
sides and tenders grandpa won at KFC we
wanted to get grandpa KFC so we give her
$200 the bill comes up to $96 she gives
them a hundred and they say they can't
accept it we don't accept $100 bills
here like the average order of KFC has
to be around $50 right like I don't
understand so we got to go and pay by
card right now but I don't understand
the bills 96 was that four dollars and
change yeah I don't there has to be a
reason unless they just don't want to
make it
KFC get it together man make your rules
like less vague I don't understand
what's going on yeah so going to KFC
then ride on lunch with Grandpa you guys
Sunday dinner what are you thinking
about this is not how this day was
supposed to go I don't even know
is he giving her that what's going on I
don't know I think maybe maybe he's
tired and I think he has a cold right he
just say he had that's something is
wrong but his voice it's going back to
the boys and that's what's scaring me
it's like we got here and he was right
there
we made him a plate and then he felt
sick so Lauren took him out yeah I mean
he said you know he did do a lot of
physical training today he stood three
times yeah and he stood for two minutes
at a time yeah that's what I'm thinking
it is he's probably tired who do you
think and plus when you're sick and you
have a cold and you're tired you're
still recouping yeah and I don't think
his voice is going back to the way it
was I just think he's just not talking
Wendy right when he did talk it was like
a normal voice yeah man it wasn't like
it wasn't like that it's just he was
just start up and then he would talk
yeah so guys we came here for Sunday
dinner we brought all this stuff and we
made him a play and then he just he
laughed because he got to say so and now
we were waiting for him to come back
almost I'm not gonna show up no yeah I
don't want a shuffling on it so I just
didn't wanted to turn out like this I
know I'm just gonna say he's tired and
he has a cold and obviously those two
things don't work work well together you
know yeah
Kenneth cheer up because if I get like
in that state of mind things will just
seem worse than they are
yeah how you doing Jay all right lose
that face you make no Jesse's face Oh me
and Jamie look what about the chicken he
ate his chicken what's the matter
eating gristle yeah Jennifer do you
really your ex-husband used to crack the
bone and suck the marrow oh yeah oh I've
heard about that which is very good okay
all right yeah cheetos drink great no
that's like no questions asked
I'll do anything for $2 so Matt potatoes
okay no nobody's making the gravy anyway
covered his lens hopefully things get
better you're closer to it honey
yeah honey he said honey dude
you know something awesome budget what
look right here
okay look right here right there three
empty chairs she chooses the one next to
time oh man in God's at first I know I
said no he definitely sat first I saw
him oh I can see what's happening they
don't have a clue they'll fall in line
and here's the bottom line our trios
down to two
yeah yeah it is I just heard it doesn't
go everywhere oh my god can you feel the
love tonight tonight he says something
here she's pushing us enough oh my god
they're in love they are guys they're in
love
oh Jesus Florida wins I can't tell you
what this really is
I couldn't only tell you what it feels
like right now that'd be so funny if
everyone can hear those this going to
place
what is it is what if I could play the
piano what good that you sing sing
anyone uh something about liking yes
well the people asking that you couldn't
hear me you're lying
no I heard you in there I took you to
the bathroom
that's what you get you're lying that's
why he's lying
oh do you know what I rap I can't unplug
their stuff away I can
I'm gonna play dad some music any
requests 7 years old 7 years old what is
that once I was seven years old yes
Danny
one more time carlins
how do you know this all right how about
Halloween okay yeah that's crazy Michael
it's hard to do with this crazy what are
you trying to do
dun-dun-dun you guys oh sure
Lauren do you know any love songs um
well yeah I'm done
love songs she's blushing a game I'm not
watching what is going on his arm was
wrong it's her boys you guys we gonna do
daddy
this is the third time she'll be back
when the cameras yeah she'll be back
you can't stop me just got back from PT
you guys wanted to take a minute to talk
about how the rest of the day went there
was one scene you can see grandpa in the
vlog I decided not to film him when he
came back although he was doing a lot
better I just he was still a little
tired and I didn't want to you know she
have a camera in his face after he was
just saying that he was sick so here's
what happened we got there with all the
KFC and stuff and dad came into the room
and he was really happy and we made a
play and then he said he started to feel
sick and Lauren took him out of the room
and that's when Bridget started
recording said no he's in the trees
does nobody else hear this oh no it's in
there some leavin so Lauren took grandpa
back to his room and he talked to the
nurses and they checked him out and they
ran some of his levels and everything's
actually really good
his blood pressure is good the ammonia
levels are still really good so the only
thing that we can say happened is he
really wore himself out doing some
physical training this morning so guys
that's what happened I didn't film um
when he came back but the rest of the
day went really well you guys we drove
the 55 up there and you know he went out
and he went that hate and he wanted to
drive it he can't drive it right now but
we did ride him around and he did do a
little bit of walking and he's doing a
lot better than what you guys saw so I
didn't want you to worry I wanted to do
a scene before the outro telling you
about what happened so guys he wasn't
feeling well Lauren took him to the you
know to his room the nurses checked him
out he came back he was fine he was
talking he was joking tried to play a
little music for him but anyway we're
gonna do this outro guys grandpa still
doing ok I was just a little bit worried
and I'm sorry if I made you worried but
anyway that's Sunday dinner let's go do
this outro well that's gonna be
for today you guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day it's a pretty good
day I mean there was a point of it where
it was horrible their dad was sick and
the day wasn't going right but you know
we came back and it turned around and we
had a lot of fun and he rode around in
the 55 and it was a lot of fun guys
hope you guys had a great Sunday we had
a great Sunday even though it's
technically Monday anyway get me out of
here thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite everything to us and remember
you guys if you want anything in time
for Christmas you hear it too what what
is that
Saint say the word Christmas Christmas
if you want anything in time for the
holiday season check out the store we
got a hat we got hoodies
