what's so important I had to come get
you my name it back man oh man chill out
of it today boy I just hit the can with
the door a lot of it today get a lot of
mail Oh God
my normal seat belt I really glad yeah
you gotta wear your seat what you've
done that everybody does my heart good
know that all these young guys write me
you got some uh hard I got somebody sent
me like a tracking number for some of
them you a what jealous yeah I'm jealous
not really about time you guys up you
got a damn letter in the card and
Bridget even got a damn letter Jesus
Bridget Oh Michael
your mom won't talk to you mom I knew it
shut up
your new Volvo situation love yeah yeah
so today I'm getting a brand new phone
finally this phone this phone has been a
spare I got off a Craigslist for like 50
bucks almost 100 bucks not be using it
but there's like water damage on instant
but I've been having to do what I could
so finally today I'm getting a brand new
phone it's I'm waiting for our ordered
it Friday it should be here today so
that it's gonna be later in the blog
right now I'm gonna weigh the dad's
house to do mailbag Monday that was I
you just like texting and shit I get he
texted drive all the time well I'm about
to do down to the Monday mailbag video
but somebody sent me a package I can put
some sense into me it's from looks like
Elliott Mandy
what no come on away what what come on
are you giving me bullshit on this
there's no way
damn Tim you got off oh my goodness
why you get all the good stuff why
serious oh my fucking god you've gotta
be shitting me he sent me this
holy shit oh my god I want it somebody
that is that was mine it had my name on
the box I got some speechless somebody I
got really I cannot believe somebody
sent this to me that as I we didn't have
it I can't believe somebody sent this to
me dad I get over this heavy I can't
it's upstairs heavy what the hell is
this I don't know I do doggy bed for
your dog oh my god oh my god
ahh now your Monday mailbags click on a
psychic I wanna know why you get all the
good shit
what is this oh my god
Hey yeah we don't rip it
a freaking WrestleMania jerk man these
people did too much then you got me
nothin
I don't eat you sure you know what you
do you need you a big framer frame it
and I just get to go in the box
you
I want you Park me and Paul Heyman oh my
god
we don't bust your ass brain yeah again
can you believe somebody sent this to me
no love shirts by last night I mean this
is really heavy I can't hold it this is
really I really I cannot describe in
words enough how this is the most
amazing thing anybody's ever done unique
over it Wow we're both 20 years old and
currently live in Los Angeles California
we just got engaged and planned to marry
soon Ashley currently is no longer here
when I was 13 years old I played a lot
of video games on xbox live and then I
got into hacking Xbox accounts shall I
read this party says dude yo Heyman God
yo yo hey grandpa
aka Charlie I have one of your huge fans
me and my friends laugh at your videos
here we take here and put in put this on
video so I can hear your reaction to it
by the way fuck boy you're right fuck
boy the company sucks dicks for getting
rid of trail wouldn't break in your
heart rest in peace trailwood and this
comes from mark galloway his you HTTP
now whatever this ww2 comm watch
whatever
that'll read I'll try it can you hear us
and then they are hey what up dad this
is the worst tablet I've ever seen you
can't hear anything on it well then you
make a beaut
hey yo done well brothers uncle are you
from
oh well lose it there a long time yeah
we live in Colombia for 15 years
I love trucks Yoli my gonna have a fit
do that honestly that was too much
that's pretty crazy
I need a bad boy jump up and down that's
the only time you're gonna see it either
yeah baby I'll be the last time you jump
up down old John you fat ass me yeah and
so yeah we read your letter we saw the
whole story that's that's a pretty crazy
story man you drove Jesus yeah that was
an awesome story no to my tears all my
children I get a goddamn whiplash
yeah Bailey quit it in my tablet your
travel sucks yo don't much
no talk much so seriously guys i'ma film
myself in the corner so with dead talk
so I'll be just it thanks for the
package you guys I was crazy so I just
wanted to say thanks again to Ashley and
Elliott because honestly they wrote me
the other day and they told me I had a
package coming and I was expecting some
candy or something but a wrestling Bell
and the Jersey and the dog that was
totally unexpected way appreciated and
totally unnecessary you guys did not
have to do that so I was at grandpa's
house filling them filling filming the
Monday mailbag video when the FedEx
truck delivered my new phone and I
didn't get it so I'm on my way that the
FedEx place to get it cuz I don't want
to wait till tomorrow I've already
waited long enough I want my phone today
so we're going to the FedEx place and
we're picking up my phone I gave
Bridgette a sense of urgency by telling
her it closes at 5 o'clock and it was
4:30 at the time actually closes at 8:00
oops awesome totally couldn't redeliver
it which they could have tomorrow but I
want my phone today I gotta have it
today get me to that FedEx bill and
let's do it I'm doing it
just got back from the FedEx building
and I just opened up the box
I haven't grabbed the phone out yet here
we go here it is the HTC One m8 I was
planning on getting the iPhone then I
decided why not wait until the new one
comes out in September and at that time
give this a chance so check this out
this is something that was really cool I
noticed TV and so
USA and that's not all let's try seller
stuff yes you can see there's dr. Phil
and 16 and pregnant in the news Daily
Show they also give me a list of stuff
that I could possibly watch for 3/1
peers like or I can go to the channel
guide you find something on there so we
have the channel guide right here so for
instance if I want to watch American Dad
just click that click watch now you go
right to it ok so that so far has got to
be the best thing that I've seen on here
so far I want to test the camera on this
thing so for the next part of the vlog
it's going to be recorded with this the
HTC One m8 ok right now I am using the
front camera so whatever quality this is
it will be the front camera view of the
HTC One m8 Oh learning things ok so
anyway front view of the camera now I'm
going to stop it and we're going to
check out the other side so here we go
this is the other side camera I'm
filming now looking with the house
bridget is actually after cleaning off
that big room so I'm gonna go up here
hey just Bridget just poked her head out
I'm trying I'm practicing or trying out
the phone camera look at me hey
hey this is good hey there goes Bella to
check out the room holy crap Wow well
this is still the junk room but not less
of a joke a little less of a junk room
most Wow look pretty goodness okay
yep here fill me for a second I really
love this phone HTC one camera other
side to rise to rise how's that good
well fuck my arm come now mmm well that
is the camera side of the HTC one push
with my faces just see if it focuses on
me yep that's my sexy face yeah
you know about it
mm I could feel the air blowing at his
ass
