what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here he'll be on camera here
and today is vlog number 50 man 50 vlogs
that's crazy I'm on my way to Dad's
house right now and the first thing that
I'm gonna try to do today is I'm gonna
try to piss him off I'm gonna ask that
how his day was 50 times Elite I'm gonna
try 50 times just say hey I was your day
just so I know it's gonna annoy him and
just so we can celebrate 50 vlogs how
was your day dad Tom is 50 Wow
grown out huh yeah why are they doing
dad sorry my day is going alright - good
we're gonna hear that
see you grown out huh yeah sounds your
day going going good Michael how's your
day
goddamn my day is good okay I've had a
great day oh my god you want a hamburger
for grandpa sitting by the fire grilling
out looks like he's having a good day
how's your day down there you guys have
one more goddamn time
well how's your day it's going good now
stop it what am i doing God how's your
day going
it's gonna rain or that mean if your day
how would that do your day how was your
day man
psycho rabies how's your day going let
go rained on it a little bit kinda hazy
out here what would that mean for your
day
Michael I'm having a great day but it's
gonna get bad if you keep the shit up
you know Renee's grave that's cocky I've
haven't you want to cause an explosion
oh good god how's your day going now
well good there is great that stung dude
how's your day going
so grandpa just farted and it was lethal
dude that was quick
lethal yeah hey it smells pretty good to
me so what'd you do today Michael I've
been busy all day long it's not even the
same question I said what did you do
today sorry it ain't no your business
what I did today
aside from that how's your day going -
people woman go do tones you ready for
Monday mailbag yeah I'm ready for Monday
mailbag you beginning any letters we got
a bunch of Errol bagful damn Oh how's
your day going Jimmy me do they've gone
mean yes oh yeah how do they going Jimmy
Thank You Johnny even mean - Johnny how
do they going dad you know I've had
another that stop it how's your day
going how's your day going how's your
day going how'd your day going dad your
day going how's your day going how's
your day going how's your day going dad
how's your day make you eat some
goddamned you little bit you doing good
today
how's your day please stop as your do
stop as you two stop as we stop please
like please like please stop please stop
how's your day how's your day
how's your day how's your day after day
how's your day oh now come on that's not
quick no I didn't know you wanted to
potatoes phone
how's your day going anyway
why how's your day going Yance me how do
they know my day is going good Michael
give it how's it going how are you doing
how's your day get old what is I'm sorry
so how is your good what are you doing
dad how's your day going pop I just want
to talk to you Foreman how's your day
going what day's going good Michael
who's going after that again again you
don't have to be harder going on no I
have not you know exactly what you do
acquit it I will do annoying day you're
getting on my nerve well then answer
how's your day going oh jeez fucking
gross
how's your day going please stop I don't
know how your day's going it didn't
matter I got game games gonna shut up
you want to piss anyone off yeah let's
be crazy next time girls just be loud
and jump in
yeah hey Dad how's your day going hey
Dad how's your day - shut up and I can
opt out how's your day going fuck you
and fuck you again I want every time
they ask you how your day was ten
thousand father goodbye how's your day
going goodbye dad not mom here are you
in a seatbelt
that's eat legal team out back see ya so
before you put it on now or by the
puppies
well mom has to work tomorrow so I'm
taking my mom for Mother's Day now we're
going out to eat we're probably going to
fats cafe oh yeah that place is so good
so my diet will be sabotage for today
but it's for a good cause it's Mother's
Day was this market one that was what
I need to celebrate bunny what was that
now
Oh God Jesus Jesus Christ
maybe we I need to get in there I don't
know if there's a space
Eve Lautrec
Wow I guess everyone tell me Mother's
Day today yeah we're not the same idea
they like wool we'll get a heads up on
Mother's Day we'll go on Saturday
everyone's doing the same thing there's
one right there but that is I'll take
we're literally we have literally parked
in the last space at the restaurant of
it has available literally Oh - mom -
fans cafe for our Mother's Day bridge I
want you to stash the camera in your
purse so I can actually record well he's
in the phone okay mom being the weirdest
face I mean we use this for a thumbnail
at thumbnail well we're waiting here at
fats cafe we have one of these little
things we're waiting it's like a
25-minute wait have you ever been here
mom no they special tell them you will
all say we've never been so we get a
free chicken tender if you say it's your
first time you get a free chicken tender
so I'm gonna I'm gonna milk is he mine
well they want you to buy they want you
to buy the chicken tenders so we're
gonna like we never been here before I
heard something about a chicken tender
or and the goal let me get you on so
anyway I'm probably not gonna lose that
much weight
uh I gotta eat it's Mother's Day I'm not
gonna I'm not going with your mom's
Mother's Day Bridget I can't eat again
take her out tomorrow is Mother's Day
tomorrow
it's gonna be held rework until 9
o'clock tomorrow night good lord are you
serious
thank God we're doing it today yeah 95
last week when I got off oh hey I wish
hold some housekeepers huh father I went
would you think mom
very good so we're just having dinner I
got a burger so I don't have any
calories I was but I screwed up I
screwed up t look what I got
the original chicken tenders and fries
so for that I could not eel
this is Monica patina we're getting
stuff together to take home now and then
we're going to the movies to go see
neighbors hey mom
we're on our way to the movies this is
yours so believe in fats cafe right now
so here we are the Regal Cinemas overall
we used to live Ouellette mom out five
of us we've got this child's safety on
check it off
so the movie just ended and mom just
found a baby bird
I know you're not supposed to pick up
birds but we can't leave it in the
parking lot yes okay your mommy to come
back you know where the nest is no time
to shit there man hold on show her Lee
came real quickly she won't see it all
so baby feel really bad why don't you
take it with you and put it in a tree by
your place as a character Oh picking up
again mom let's put us somewhere safe
now
I put it there to get the streak he's on
fire you can't fly he's a baby
I turned to take you somewhere to get
safe okay you don't wanna be smashed in
the road do you
so mom's gonna be taking the bird home
with it and uh the movie was very good I
loved it it was neighbors it's gonna be
an acquired taste I can tell that not
everybody's gonna like it there will be
some people who don't think it's funny
because it's one of those slow humor
kind of okay so I feel like a predator
or Prowler right now okay it's a blue
tang okay going in I'd whoo why all I
goes to glowing objects in the camera I
was gonna run it up what's gonna throw
me had well that's gonna be it for today
uh went dad's pissed him off a lot went
to the movies went at the dinner took
mom for Mother's Day and good day movie
was good had a lot of fun with you have
from Jeff I'm Bridget yep uh I regret
dinner I should not have gotten a
cheeseburger with onion rings I got
enough peanut butter pie
but I did it we sort of cheated today so
happy Mother's Day to everybody hope you
guys have a good day tomorrow
I'm not doing shit except staying home
and not going out with burgers mom for
Mother's Day mm-hmm
so that's it like subscribe favorite and
enjoy this cutscene of me filming uh dad
well you better hurry IRA turns light
off enjoy the cutscene all you see is
like my teeth right now enjoy the
cutscene ah ah seriously
no matter I don't enjoy the cutscene I
should just click subscribe in the clip
that it's advertising or enjoy the
cutscene it's up to you I don't know is
this too dark sometimes I'm right here I
realized when I'm rendering afterwards
it gets too dark now I'll see is like a
stripe across my mouth alright that's it
like subscribe favorite indigo blur and
that's it you're still here would you
leave
just checking on you
I was just feel like you know even you
check it on have an icon Mike
