so bridget is in the bathroom fixing our
hair she doesn't like it being seen
right now because she cut it short she
cut it short for a prank but that's
beside the point we'll talk about that
when I do the prank but she cut it short
and she doesn't like show showing it on
camera so I'm gonna show it
hey Bridget my god
nope what I'll show my hair why I'm just
straightening put it up well before you
do that here it is why don't you eat
it's embarrassing
what are you done
yep all right now I feel better loves it
okay wait don't my getting close turn
around what I know what you're gonna do
what you're gonna pull up my ponytail
you ain't doing Oh get away from me
you're not messing up my hair now go
hide you Popeye tail chew out whoa are
you well we're leaving Walmart right now
and it is super hot right now
just support Oh 91 91 91 I thought you
said 96
well now come on beagle it's 90 degrees
and oh what a horrible sweaty trip into
warmer that was I smell right now what
dimension our buggy was like 25 pounds
heavy yeah cuz Bridget had two cases of
water and so our buggy it was like we
needed three people to push it even
though we didn't I made her push it I'm
gonna make me some soup when I get home
it's gonna be a lot going on for it a
lot of fresh vegetables it's gonna be
good check it out in a minute
and there's gonna be corn in it I saw a
lot of people saying you shouldn't eat
corn
well I'm eating corn so there's gonna be
corn in my soup so here we are I'm back
home better start my soup and it is
gonna be a chicken bacon soup now this
is Nick this is I'm gonna tally up all
the calories and I'll let you know how
much is in the entire pot when I'm done
with it I'm gonna tally up everything
because this is what I got to be due
late I gotta be doing lately so I'm
gonna let you know how many calories run
this and this thing is gonna last me the
next couple of days so this is what I'm
gonna be eating it should be you know a
lot of water in it so there's that and
let's get started start off I'm gonna
pour in some chicken broth right on we
use this entire thing a chicken broth to
the chicken broth I'm going to add the
water
to that I'm going to add some more
chicken broth so I'm going to add this
entire pack of all-natural chicken
breast tenderloins from Tyson so I just
calculated everything that's going into
this soup one at a time in the total
calories for this soup is one thousand
three hundred and seventy four calories
for an entire pot of this suit that's
going to last me a couple of days not
bad so I got the chicken going in the
pot I got the bacon going in a cast-iron
skillet and these are all the vegetables
that are going on an onion celery corn
carrots so then next which is cut some
of this corn on the cob right off you
notice it eats that sucker boy you know
God you see the butter man what's on
bacon well there's good see the first
ones they weigh in a little ways
officially off away
okay so we got to climb across it
so right here I have a mixture of the
corn the onions the carrots and the
celery and they're mixed together
they're going to saute down now I'm
going to go ahead and put the chicken
back in that I peeled up so that's going
back into the broth so can stay juicy so
there we go
right now we just have a chicken broth
soup also while I was away I did drop
two chicken bullion cubes into this for
flavoring I've added the bacon and I
just added a little bit of mrs. dash
salt free onion and herb spices I also
put the cob from the corn on the cob
right there on the soup that way before
it's done I can take those out but all
the flavor and juice from that will be
in the soup I don't know if I said it
but the bacon is also in that
okay I've got all the vegetables in deal
with the chicken and these corn on the
cob but now I'm starting to wonder why
that is
it's almost our gravy as a foreign field
we seize no little bit of butter and
this is the light butter but you don't
even see much because he's got a firm
amount of calories you got a picture
can you get a little bit of flour
sprinkle it in here like that little
more flour when going in
and this is the funds will rue which
this is how you make like gravy this was
some broth that I skimmed off okay so
I'm just going to go ahead and whisk it
around the broth and the flour mixture
here we go
as you can see we made into this gravy
like texture and pour it right into here
this is heavy with every great soup is
gonna have to steep so I'm just going to
leave it alone let it do its thing I
just took my quantum AQAP's out of it
and I'm just gonna leave it alone now so
it really should sit a little longer I'm
going to make me some now it's been
sitting for about thirty minutes and I
just want to go ahead and have some so
there's never you collide okay we're
gonna try it
god that's hot mmm but it's good a lot
going on here ah hot one day I want to
sit you down bar I want to ask you why
you hate this damn chair so there's
there's less and less chair every time I
film her with it well while I was at
Walmart I saw a product and I can't have
it I'm gonna have to give this to dad he
wants me to come over tomorrow or on
Mother's Day for some reason so I'm
gonna give it to him I saw it
Mountain Dew Baja blast the Taco Bell
original so I took one out I'm gonna try
a little bit of it then I have to give
the rest of the dad because I didn't see
him in the 20 ounce bottles but they did
have the 12-pack so I'm gonna do what
everyone's I'm gonna do something
everyone's gonna hate damn it that was
not worth doing that that was a mistake
it's so sweet I haven't had a regular to
drink in a long time wow that's good
though mmm Baja blast at Taco Bell
original oh you don't like it all right
no you're gonna drink more of it no I'm
not goddamn son so I just got done
eating a little more that soup it is
really really really good especially as
I said it gets better as it sits and I
was doing you know you can't accurately
calculate how many calories will be in
each Bowl but if there's thirteen to
fourteen hundred calories in the entire
pot and I yield five bowls out of it
you can be sure you know about three to
four hundred calories a bowl which is
pretty good considering that's my dinner
for tonight I had a bowl with soup in it
and then half of a bowl with just broth
in it so it's very good very low in
sodium because I used low-sodium chicken
broth I didn't add any salt to it myself
because the bouillon cubes did that so I
imagine this it's not a bad for you soup
it looks bad because you know you're
making the gravy for it and you know
you're adding bacon and stuff but it's
all flavor enhancers that aren't really
bad because really the stuff that I use
for the gravy and stuff was stuff that
was already in the soup I used the
leftover bacon grease to make the gravy
with so it also adds some of that bacon
flavor to the soup and it's seriously
it's a very good soup I really like it I
hope you guys make it cuz I think it
turned out pretty good you tried a bird
would you then it was really flavorful
best point hey guys what did you guys
think of grandpa's impersonation of
Bridger oh you haven't seen that yet
have you that's right
I didn't tell Bridget about this yet
well when we're at grandpa's house
earlier and Bridget was out in the car
doing some stuff dad made a little
recording of him and personating Bridget
I'm doing a blog you know I left Michael
Michael he got me dogs
Michael Nesbitt cleaned the house it's
so much fun being princess while he was
there he also wanted to do a trading
channels thing with me so sometime this
week I'm gonna do something for his
channel but this is anger grandpa's
pickle boy impersonation go ahead trade
channels for a moment Oh
kidding behind the camera Hill
have a good day you know I've been
talking around and asking questions
beyond stop playing with dogs and you
know the dogs they like to run around
have fun sitting the yard who they like
that put him behind the camera I'm
playing with my wrestlers now my little
man
I got a motive blow and I get back down
there with them
whoo i take i taked Undertaker and the
things I do to him but I'm doing it why
I'm kid behind the camera got a
girlfriend Bridget got her for playing
with my wrestlers - oh she got me that
house she does she does girlfriend the
world she does me now is four days in a
row that makes her the best group best
girlfriend of the world you know being
kid behind a camera and trying to keep
grandpa's straight grandpa that old fat
bastard ain't got no teeth and you gotta
have a bod
but he's my daddy I love not got it I
support my got it because I'm kid behind
the camera
sitting on my computer doing nothing I
always do nothing except play on my
computer playable wrestlers and pet my
dogs
that includes Bridget so I'll be talking
to you again cause you know how I doing
this
that flan kid behind the camera funny
stuff uh so I'll be doing my
impersonation of dad sometime this week
the reason he didn't see any of the
footage while was at Grandpa's house is
because I didn't bring this camera
that's why he filmed it with his camera
whatever yeah it's stupid to forget the
camera all you're doing daily vlogs but
I forgot it but anyway that was dad's
impersonation of me our little trading
channels moment I'll be doing my own
trading channels of a grandpa and if you
want to see the Brigitte impersonation
the link is below and it's also at the
end of the video so check out angle
grandpa being Brigitte well you won't
say anything to the camera he says let
me out of here
whoa chill out girl please let me out of
here and I'm done by Michael everyday I
love my George I've always taken my dogs
to the vet
ooh I like spending money on my dogs i
buy them little winter coats and
sweaters and I buy them nice biggy bones
so they can chew on them that way they
don't bite on Michaels leg I mean keep
behind the camera
