what's going on you guys Kibby honey
camera here we'll do that again and it's
just we just you what's going on you
guys can't be a camera here uh keeping
out of camera here almost fell and it is
Thursday and there's no name for my
Thursday I had way and Wednesday I felt
cool to say yesterday what's going you
guys is way and Wednesday typical
Thursday maybe Tuesday
typical Tuesday topical topical Thursday
sounds like shed yeah topical you could
talk about a topic yeah but it doesn't
work with Thursday topical person sucks
it's late by the way what time is it
like well seven of seven summer seven
o'clock the day is gone I woke up about
noon and that didn't pick up the camera
so yesterday was my way in Wednesday I
was down twelve pounds bridge it was
down ten I was down twelve felt pretty
good but I noticed that a lot of people
were asking where did I get this CM Punk
sure the join the pledge it says join
the pledge there's a guy named William
he has a CM Punk store or something and
I saw it on Facebook it was on a
wrestling forum and I saw it but if you
want to check out that show yourself the
link is below check out the shirt that's
where I got it
I like it I wasn't sure what to expect
with it I love this shirt so it's at the
link below check it out
sup Bella you won't give me a par what
no she's decided I'm gonna grab that
chair though
she's perfect so the Bulldogs pulled up
this board on our deck the other day you
probably saw it on the end clip cutscene
that I used of Bella she pulled up this
board and never got to wear it she also
bent the bat so we got to get some nails
we got to get the stuff to fix that
because Bella is destructive unless it
was Clyde oh no it wasn't Chloe's
perfect kai was that you he goes all the
way under the chair for me to pet him
can I pay your face now it could be
thong Thursday but I decided to wear a
thong
hey I don't say they're gonna believe
you people with thongs man me see bad
dong baby
that dog bone so I was working on a new
rap song I want you to hear it actually
haven't heard it yet yeah you're gonna
hear it actually you are the reason I
wrote it it's inspired by you Brij
inspired a new rap song
here we go
thanks for our conversation yesterday
Bridget you spider new song what death
yesterday afraid she was talking to me
about dying in heaven and I don't like
talking about it because I'm terrified
of death so here's the song yeah people
always want to say Michael why are you
afraid of dying I am like if I ignore it
anything will change cuz it won't man I
wish I had a change in pace and had a
chance to think about the leper we don't
pass away but we don't have a chance and
this I have to say because I hate to
live this way you wake up late at night
and think and can't believe that someday
I'm gonna cease to be in Jesus please I
need to feed these demons that are in my
way they say the prey people say that
Jesus he's the key to saving me but
fucking life is lonely I don't want to
think about it anymore I'm terrified
don't wanna see the day awakened look
into the mirror and I see my face and
see the change a different person
looking back at me and fear I have I'm
scared to death I'm terrified like every
day I need some help I need a hand so we
can lead the way but note that life is
50 in this boy is growing every day put
even with that second verse why not
write about a boy a song about me
growing up because I think about it all
the time and no one knows the pain I'm
going through the way I feel is growing
notice though when Maya Motorin it's
hard to keep him holding on I feel like
letting go Hey look big it was another
song it seemed to lift the lyric says I
reread all the shit I wrote I swore I
won't go another night with all the
sword I swore I God I wouldn't be the
letters
I'll let it go the shitter horn fuck
that seems I cannot part with stuff I
feel like if I trash it then I miss it
God I need some help I'm crying every
night I'm sick of always waking up and
pacing in the dark my mind is racing
then I can't adjust this is dangerous I
can't continue life like this I'm
fighting with the demons like was fine
when all of us were young and now I'm
boldest fucking 26 and neither touch
with life but now I'm afraid to go to
sleep because I may not wake up are you
crying oops
thanks a lot Bridget well I told you to
brush I can't listen to music she cries
when she hears music that's the things
that are in my head okay when are you
gonna fold these clothes I can't I just
leave him here so the other day I did
the little clip where I said Bridget has
multiple black clothes and these are the
same clothes well you have to like we
only we always only change out here
anyway I know it's really funny I'm not
change like right in front of this door
hanging out and no people saw it so we
are at eye level distance between the
neighbors over there and sometimes when
I'm changing while you're walking around
naked
oh speaking of see there's someone
walking right there yeah if I was naked
right now you just look over and see
everything I'm always topless - you know
I gotta find a bra and I
are you so you were recording for the
vlog now yep hey guys
calling mom do I got to do one
speakerphone now yes you two Club
antistick a handsome she doesn't talk to
me Wow hey what's up oh you're making
plastic cameras where you at Debbie's ur
aunt Debra okay Todd W I said hey I'm
her uncle Tony
ah there's another frog another board
it's very scary I thought it was a snake
yeah that's what I thought well almost
an hour ago forty nine minutes to be
exact I posted that I'm gonna be doing
some Facebook shoutouts because I had a
lot of people writing me saying that
it's not fair that I do Twitter
shoutouts and ignore Facebook so I did
45 minutes ago I posted what's up
Facebook what are you guys doing
and so far I've gotten 358 comments
so obviously I'm not gonna be able to
read every one of these but I'm gonna
skim through some of these and I'm gonna
answer some of you guys right now Rose
says your vlog is the best thing to
happen to your channel well I appreciate
a rose I I really do enjoy doing the
vlogs actually there are a lot of fun
I'm a pretty basic life I wake up do
nothing and go to sleep
but I really appreciate you guys
watching them kale away says shout out
please
by the way I love you guys kayla is
actually a friend of ours or she was a
her sister was a friend of Bridget's and
her father actually just died recently
so you know rest in peace to her father
and shout out to Kayla and Jessica they
are sisters for
Jessica's Bridget's old friend from
school so
shoutout to Kayla and I'm really sorry
about your father and really hope
everything works out for you guys George
Gomez says can we hear the Matt Hardy
story ok click like if you want me to
tell the story about the time that I was
there when Matt Hardy and Ashley Massaro
broke up cuz it's a good story click
like if you want to hear that it's a
wrestling story it was a time that I
went to Monday Night Raw
and we saw something that happened there
was a lot of fun now I don't know if
they officially broke up because maybe
they could have gotten back together
after that but it was an interesting
story so click like if you do want to
hear that and then if you if a lot of
people like it I'll tell tomorrow Erin
says oh I have so many questions lol um
when did you start planning pranks how
easy if how easy is it for you to come
up with them or does it take you some
time to figure it all out well to answer
your question fairly easy in fact I'm
when I'm bored and I decided to start
writing I'll write pranks and I filled
them up in this I'm not gonna open I'm
not gonna show the pranks on video
because you know people will write up
and start telling them but I got pranks
in here
Chelsea Lee Martinez says give me a
shout-out heart please so shout-out to
Chelsea okay so here you go shout out to
Chelsea Leigh Martinez and I just saw a
comment
shout out to Bridget why she says okay
shout out to Chelsea and Bridget west
I'm a faithful fan i watch every single
day well thank you John and here you go
shout out to John for watching every
single day I appreciate it Zachary asked
did you ever beat Tomb Raider uh yeah we
did beat Tomb Raider it was a lot of fun
I didn't freak out as much as I was
before but yeah I did beat Tomb Raider
and it was a really good game I really
did like it this guy Dustin is in the
process of spamming me asking for a
shout-out so shout out to Dustin grumpy
blue I guess his name is Ron says let's
face it Mike you're a YouTube celebrity
now if something were to happen between
you and Bridget how would you go about
dating people are hungry for fame it
will be hard to find someone to be with
you for the right reasons how would you
go about dating well I don't think that
I'm
YouTube celebrity I don't I don't see
that but I see your point
and I wouldn't care use me if she's hot
use me considering something were to say
considering say super just stared at me
the question was if something were to
happen Bridge I'm not saying something
will happen
we've been converted to going on five
years nothing what is it
oh I'm ending this question now are you
sure I stand corrected we're going on
six he hears nothing is gonna happen say
get my damn head but if something were
to happen I would find a hot chick that
would like to use me Bridget says when
are you gonna marry Bridget I don't know
who this chick is but she's been
spamming me someone think I'm gonna I
think I'm gonna block this chick
actually she's just like really on my
nerves
TG Browne who does the TG and friends
account
he says when are you and Grandpa are
gonna show me those penises of yours
already hashtag old man dick cam well TJ
text me Ashley says what are your
tattoos represent I see the one by your
wrists but don't know what it means and
do you ever plan on getting another one
okay it's very simple both of my tattoos
are Harry Potter this one is the dark
mark it's the symbol for Voldemort's
army this one is the symbol of the
Deathly Hallows which is a children's
story told in the Wizarding World do I
plan on getting more yes but they're all
gonna be Harry Potter because I'm a nerd
okay well that's gonna be it I got
almost 500 so far and they're still
coming in so I apologize no I didn't
answer I'm gonna do this again but wow
that was a lot of questions but I will
be you know answering more questions and
wow that was a very cool response so the
other day we did the angry grandpa
Monday mailbag and there was a clip
where Bridget was taking mail we were
choosing a letter to send somebody
randomly a bumper sticker and inside
Bridget's purse or cigarettes so it
started a controversy on Twitter and
Facebook just
smoke now oh my god busted why would you
lie about smoking so when we were doing
the mailbag video dad tells us to go
into the cabinet and grab the mail so we
opened the cabinet and beside the mail
was a pack of cigarettes and this gave
us the idea to do the robbery prank that
backfired we were gonna steal all the
grandpa's shit and we were gonna hide
that the idea was gonna be some sort of
scavenger hunt and she stole the
cigarettes and we're like she was a
looker I took they weren't dads they
belong to Tina they ended up not being
dad's cigarettes they were Tina's
cigarettes but that give us the idea for
the robbery prank which eventually
backfired on me I must admit so there
you go they weren't Bridget's cigarettes
they were Tina's cigarettes which I
still don't know why Tina singers were
at Grandpa's house I know but that's
beside the point she's coming over too
much actually oh yeah I agree I decided
not to come over to Dad's today because
she was there was like she's loud I
don't want to come over there
well that's gonna be it for today
you heard my new song I answer some
facebook questions Bridgette cried good
day watch Desperate Housewives nice
you dig nothing okay you got us
let's try afraid no sir thank you let's
take oh you're still you're actually we
take the computer your coffee pot else
we'll leave without nothing brain fail
okay you're wet let's go
