well leaving dad's house I was a bust
I was trying to do a prank I'm guessing
now is gonna be a main Channel video
after what just happened so what's going
on you guys
Kip Janna camera here just had an epic
fail it is about 4 o'clock in the
morning now Jesus anyway it is now
Wednesday about 4 o'clock in the morning
so I figured why not start the daily
vlog now I'm still awake so here I am
I'm awake grandpa I just tried to prank
grandpa I was going to steal all
Shadwell the reason I was doing it I was
gonna have a daily vlog where dad had no
cigarettes no coffee in the morning so
he'd be extra grumpy and I was gonna
call the grandpas bad day I loved
playing that I was gonna be great and
Bridget turns on the light it was not my
fault
it was all you fault
Jesus sorry this is Wayne wednesday
officially to is officially weighing
wednesday i wanted the first scene on
the way.i wednesday to be the way and
not this regardless happy when Wednesday
when I wake up actually when he gets a
little more light outside I'll weigh in
but anyway I just did a prank on dad
didn't work for me I'm not even tired
I'm wired I'm gonna make you stay awake
all night now we need to clean the whole
house including the yard this is clean
I'm going to bed
well I'll find something for you to do
I'm sleep I need you to do some Tomatoes
let's go to UM I'm going I'm going to
sleep and I get it now we're gonna go to
Walmart we're gonna get mason jars we're
gonna get tomatoes and we're gonna stew
and package our own Tomatoes when we get
home
no that's not really
I'm probably gonna sleep when I get home
- so the next scene when you see me
it'll be daylight it'll be a wit so the
next time you see me it'll be winds
dammit so the next time you I can't even
talk sorry the next time you see them
we'll put my fat ass on that scale first
things first
last night was to fail I think I'm a
prank done oh well however Wednesday
weigh in here we go after a week of
pushing after a week of dieting let's
see if I lost one to two pounds
uh-oh alright here we go last week I was
350 so let's see if I've lost anything
well there you have it
338 point Oh I think last week it was
350 point 2 so down about 12 pounds wow
that's pretty good for a week now I
realize that this is like you know water
weight and also realized I gained some
muscle on my legs
and I realized that next week it's
probably not gonna be 12 pounds again
probably going to be about 4 pounds but
either way it's great to step on the
scale and actually see results it's
great I'm really happy doesn't stop
there today we're gonna go some more
bike riding wanna do a little more
walking you know just because it's weigh
in today doesn't mean I stopped because
I got another weigh-in coming on this
Wednesday 7 days away now 338 pounds and
yeah so get a shot here ha I'll do one
of these every week oh good lord
that guy in little shirt it's my ass
wish me love so we're sitting here
watching dr. Phil right now and dr. Phil
I don't know the stories about these
like people who like bita killed their
kid and stuff and she cuts to dr. Phil's
face and he's making an angry grandpa
moment here let's take a look at this
but these walls up for four years follow
his hand well I did I was it again put
these walls up for four years goddess in
the palm of his hand so I think dr.
Phil's angry I by the way love them
remember how Fletch make a pancakes got
two sides so dr. Phil's pissed off at
this lady it looks like I don't know
he's just Meghan he doesn't wanna have
nothing to do with her right now
paddy field Bridget good how much why
did you lose the day ten pounds Oh God
just calmly walk so there's a Rottweiler
it lives right there as I don't how much
you can hear me cuz I know the wind is
blowing but the other day how about a
week ago they had a kid they were left
it alone outside with the dog and the
kid was walking towards the street so
the dog was actually in the street and I
figured it's got to be a nice dog so I
decided I'm gonna come help it next you
know the dog looks weak uh I got it like
a tree because I figured oh it's a small
dog and I went out and I went back in
down Cujo
what Cujo was angry that I was trying to
help its life and I didn't run because I
knew if I ran it would come at me so I
stood there as life flashed before my
eyes
not really but I stood there and I was
like fuck this dog and so
now we're walking by and the dog was out
again so unlaced
and it's a rot thank God we didn't just
get attacked we will be taking a new
route Wow if anybody's wondering why I'm
wearing this sweatshirt it's to sweat
some more sweatshirt oh that's why they
call it that
wait is this a hoodie in that's why I'm
wearing this hoodie sucker sweat some
maybe burn a couple of calories I know I
am
hey welcome outside huh oh come on girl
come on come on big girl
I'll Clyde no let's not do that on video
when I can do that not only on Wednesday
what's a water fight come here you go
guys come on
what's your goal my goal way people have
been asking me what is my goal weight
when do you want to do this I don't want
to do a gold month because that'll
determine if I don't reach it in time
but I think of a goal weight
I think the first like not I want to get
to is 250 that would be the first knotch
you know if I want to continue going
after that I'll see but right now I want
to reach about 250 240 and I know that's
not perfect
oh I know I'll oh you're still a fat hog
you know but
250 250 to 240 we're pretty good for me
and I'll probably want to lose more
weight after that but for the time being
that's going to be a considerable
difference and I'll decide later for to
keep losing weight after it but for now
that's the goal so yesterday was a good
vlog I enjoyed yesterday and I and I
know today's vlog is little jumpity and
weird that's because I didn't really
have a central theme other than I wanted
to get that weigh-in and other than that
man I just walked and did nothing else
so I yeah man that bike hearts to the
spot between my taint and ballsack
really it's like sore so seriously
but uh anyway yesterday's vlog this is
my segue to the next part of the vlog so
um but uh but uh yesterday was a good
vlog and I there was some stuff I cut
out for family time just to make the
vlog about dad and Tina and the bitch in
it but there was some stuff that I cut
out so I'm gonna go and put something
that it back into it now check it out
all bel suck you right now I'm zooming
into a park out of the club hey Bella
anyway let's check out some of that
stuff oh are you really Michaels dad
let's get a DNA test is bringing out
Maury because you know what he's a
totally different man than you Oh ask
you anything if I'm sweeping the fucking
floor I gotta say so but you need to
sweep the pole
I think I harder okay like he's using
screwed up already you know what he's
doing in getting a burger today's gonna
be tomorrow Mike I really appreciate all
the food in the fridge and freezer that
phrase I mean how much you pay for it
everything whoo then you want to put you
down everybody ready Moo Jimmy bug go go
go
hey what are you doing you're my
grandson yeah I totally push him you
need to treat him stop right now
he liked this new did you stop right now
I can't do sir
oh you motherfucker I can't be that much
nobody will figure so that's gonna be
about it go drink some more water
shoenice here well basically the reason
I do that every time is because one I
think about his vodka chugging video and
two I realized that he's not just gonna
chug a bottle of water so I'm not really
sure nice cuz that motherfucker's crazy
meeting lightbulbs and shit and you know
toilet paper that dude is crazy I want
to do a eating competition between
shoenice and anger grandpa so he that I
see he travels around so get you nice to
come to Charleston so he and Grandpa can
have an eat off because basically that
would be pretty awesome thanks for
watching guys like subscribe favorite
see you next time tomorrow
ah you dumbass you over gave up baseball
bat I was coming to check on you
the what are you doing my glove you I
was just checking on you back the fuck
up
back up okay
