yesterday we cleaned out our freezer and
we gave all of our frozen food to
Grandpa and today we're going to clean
out this freezer and give the frozen
food grandpa again because that stuff is
not good for us it's tempting to I'll be
sitting there late at night
look at this I'll be sitting here late
at night like oh my god I think I won't
want to lose yeah we're gonna give him
these and these these and that huge made
sure you showed my favorite stuff first
well keep it the little meals can't keep
all of them I'm not keeping the on lean
pockets for sure what's gonna bag
yesterday dad got a mini freezer or a
freezer I don't know I haven't seen yet
I'm gonna be going over there in a
minute when I take him this food but he
got a freezer and I loaded all of my the
other freezer food up there and he said
I filled it up because we had TV dinners
galore Oh remember when he cleaned out
the dad see my eyes see my freezer was
still packed with ice yesterday and
grandpa tells me everything's gone and
so I went in there I dug under the ice
and I found a pizza there's a pizza that
was still in the fridge to the grandpa
left because it was buried in drives new
didn't see it I double bagged this thing
the Spang give me this bag this bag
double bag this bag okay I can't help
with this because I can't see oh yeah no
harder dude watch this please keep the
pizzas though look at this look at this
I think it really none of this stuff
goes back the meat are saying right good
not the toaster strudels please God not
the toaster strudels Michael no this is
a new life oh fuck I want the toaster
for fighting we're gonna look great Oh
God not this every okay I'll do it
everything is something that Stouffer's
chicken right there
hey it's horrible fuck sick of wood Oh
fell on my thumb because I can't watch
Peter oh please don't do this
dad's gonna be so happy
Wow so there's a light in there huh yeah
I'll never eat this I know it's so good
though
that'll like it well here we go we're
taking our bags of food more at least
our clinic yeah no there was nothing in
there Michael I was hoping you wouldn't
remember it I'm doing it
Oh tell them what's in here Oh snacks
and cookie gosh yeah bag Amaro wait let
me see those all my blueberry cobbler
Pepperidge Farms grandpa's gonna be one
happy grandpa trying to hide I see those
of a mint ones weren't they
so when a we run away their dads oh are
you still wearing the same black shirt
Bridget no I changed it what that
doesn't seem likely because you're
wearing a black shirt again but I have
like 30 year what I have like 30 pairs
of black shirts oh yeah
that's crazy there is a special deal I'm
sure that a Seymour that's why I got
them oh she got the shirts from AE
Seymour so she has lots look why I love
t-shirts house black shorts well that
was our little skit there was a lot of
comments yesterday Bridget never changes
her clothes well the thing is she has
lots of the same clothes she this is the
same shirt oh my god I'm wearing the
same clothes but Bridget has like four
pairs of the same Victoria's Secret pain
she has like 50 black shirts so it looks
like she's one of the same thing every
day including today which is different
look at our lives a pile you'll notice
there's a lot of black shirts in it I
wear black because black Slim's fat
people
I also have other colors like green and
blue but I just before I forgot about
this shirt
oh god you can't you feel then why it's
my gold shirt which I don't think I'll
ever fit because he got a kid sighs and
who are Elaine's but oh god that's
Norling sure but it might fit one day so
I screwed up
yeah what's the wasn't that much oh god
damn I'll know bug about it
oh she on one foot totally frizzin hey
darlin fat fuck can't do shit for
herself
thank you darling you putting my nurse I
did I know you did it I sure did did get
paid good job either for you spitting
all over me and everything I got the
fucking the Muji food from you I'm good
time to shoot she need to fuck up a goal
all right I gotta go shit
I had your fucking kid all day talking
to me is nothing crazy oh there you go
there my bitch for you
hey got vibe in that motherfucking you
drop onion hell yeah no wait a minute
hold on guitar you call me loudmouth
shitting burgers hell chicken burgers
good hell yeah good you got toasted and
put icing on it
grandma green used to give us those no
doubt whoo that is good that strawberry
cream cheese oh my god oh god what I got
you a beer you're eating it like cold
good here you go
hello may I go oh that's a nice one
look at that Dad I don't go bacon
yeah yeah I'm in heaven on in heaven and
I can't believe that you are in my line
shit thank God I'm in hey and now I go
as we go down the stream have we sit
around dancing only exactly fuck would
sink you needed a cup
Grizz oh my god I'm in love a grip I
could eat them I'm in love two bottles
bricks oh look at this
y'all want some yogurt pretzels together
I was hooked a quick of dick I a line
what I was suck the Quakers did people
look up to you
yo sucker Quakers dick Madrid fuckin
pilgrim progressed for Britt I loved it
well he give dog backing with a big
target
are you got a card ya know I was one of
the letters yesterday yeah slam addicts
trading card
I can't 2008 Michael well not that ball
was Danny looks good for a god well
being that I don't do Monday mail bags I
decided to open this one up today I got
a P a letter in the P o box there's no
return address that's worrisome actually
here hold this I'll look like a goddamn
yes you do actually says please open
this on camera simple prank idea Michael
inversion this from Jim and New York I
think a good but something Frank you can
pull and grandpa is Haley wanted to kill
me okay what is it it's it's something
I've done D before and it didn't work
hold the camera you can't can you see
asshole I see you were you even filming
yes I'll see you so I tried it before on
dad it was ding-dong-ditch where I wrote
knock on Dad's door and I take off
running it didn't work he died going
house I got a P now I got a B as the
what is the water and that's what's
making me wanna pee oh god yeah what am
i stepping on John 40 ah
I got it oh oh oh Michael Karen aah all
right dad paper-rock-scissors if I lose
I'll go down a slip and slide
oh you gonna lose if you lose you go
down the slip and slide Google push me
you hit the run and go
paper-rock-scissors
oh that's it give me hand your glasses
you gonna do it he's gonna do it
everybody go get it go hey you gonna do
it are you really gonna do it how you do
it what are you doing look everybody
just shut your fucking mouth need to
move shut up shut up shut don't worry
buddy I gonna bite you company I gotta
go go dude
let me show you how to fucking do it
come on get down there any belly you
gotta run oh my god yours Gavin oh jeez
I don't want Ferguson you big bellied
bitch run step over come on Big Boy you
gonna go or not I'm gonna go I got your
bill must manage I'm gonna give you five
seconds if you don't go on go put on
five
sorry that is a count move out the way I
can't run you can't run up a
motherfucker who's chasing with a gun
I'm trying to go he won't let me go the
summer Guffey daddy go get him boys tag
idea oh my god I was wrong
do it again why not talk to Bridget for
a second I wanted to here's what you do
dad
tell everybody what just happened my go
trendy and slid me down that damn thing
and anybody am no good ain't no fun
we're trying to make sure that you gotta
help me that the hell with all your fame
back to hell away big woman big woman I
didn't fall on my ass and go sideways
and bump my elbow ideally come on yeah
you got a boo-boo hold ready mother
Oh be good under this thing's broke oh
shit damn that boy well I'm a friend
how do you know me he said jesus fucking
christ he knows me how you doing my son
how come you know Sam British he sounds
furniture to me are you enjoying your
visit to the US you're a burner I know
your firm wanna fuck Lana you know my
life associate I remember Josh it
changed my life
you can't blame me no not ones
officially change my fucking life
yeah but Bozak you you got everything in
the world going for you brother we will
go to the substation that Derek make us
a special sub I'm sure he'd only bruh
hell I bet he does he bred Michael you
know one day you're talking about peanut
butter jelly time peanut butter jelly de
winner we're at Wu almost fell
now I'm sorry exactly Zacks of fandom
eyes from to you he's a bodybuilder
really what are you building he'd go to
goddamn Bobby dummy
you didn't have an education and you're
asking me why I don't know where UK is
what every day you ain't got much of
what if you don't know where to UK is
motherfucker either the United States
that so you think you think you now
stations everything that's right the UK
is the United Kingdom ever Queen I'll
give a fuck I'm a queen queen bitch I
know you're a queen okay
bow down okay so these are the bike Oh
son of a goddamn seat I don't know how
to get the seat down don't mean to do it
I know I don't know how decent you
there's mother fucker pick the bottom of
it up alright wait it
got em torn
