what's going on you guys cute behind the
camera here Brigitte West there and
today I'm trying it on the new camera my
vlogs just for today I will in a second
can I do my intro yeah so today I'm
gonna try it on this camera for today
just to see what it's like to vlog with
it cuz it's actually hard to hold this
damn thing so today I don't know not
doing anything
bumblebee you want backup dude go sting
Bridget so Bridget and I are about to go
on a bike ride
I'm gonna try to put my camera into the
basket on the front hopefully I can
record some of the bike ride so here we
go
did I say what's going you guys keep any
camera here I did say it you should be
worried about cars
that's what need to run opposite side
just got back from the first bike ride
man that was that was nuts I gotta admit
that was pretty crazy was exhausting my
legs feel like they're on fire good way
ends on Wednesday so that's gonna be
good I'm gonna drink me some water just
had already had my shake for the for the
morning I'll have another shake in about
two hours
whoa that's a workout what do you think
what do you guys think about this camera
by the way click like if you think I
should continue using this camera
because actually is hard it's heavy to
hold this is almost a workout here
holding the camera so the bike footage I
could tell didn't turn out well the
camera sort of fell on its side while I
was using it so anyway that's it for
right now see in a little bit
well here we are again at why are you
blocking sign didn't show well
tresses brought Walmart so what are we
doing here what are we getting I'm going
to get ankle weights that's one I'm
gonna get bike chains in the air pawn
bike changed air pumps and ankle weights
yeah
Bank awaits us so when we walk or when
she walks we'll have ankle ankle weights
on her so it's harder to walk my guess
is that it yep best okay we're going in
once boys fried chicken a grilled
chicken wait nevermind oh yeah Bridget
literally just asked me what is worse my
chicken or grilled chicken well I don't
know Bridget this is me I'm gonna have
me a piece of grilled chicken today
because it's healthier than fried
actually I don't wanna fry it and grease
this is you know healthy chicken I
thought I don't know answer to anything
in life girl chicken no hand this is me
this is you I can't drive okay you're
getting better and I don't like your
salty now you're being salty the salt
your salt okay so for my dinner tonight
I am making shaken bake God looks so
good I can't have it though it's shake
and bake and I helped meanwhile bridget
is having the typical grilled chicken
today at the recommendation of a
commoner
she said to check out some mrs. -
seasonings so I got onion and herb and
triple blend so these are the two
seasonings that are going to be on
bridges chicken one has onion and herb
one has triple blend and she's gonna
have typical grilled chicken but we're
both gonna be having going on the cob
with that you can't have another one of
these meaty is Michael bill oh let's
give them trees all right I'm sorry for
teasing you guys you got treats coming
let's check on bridges chicken
good enough good we'll check on that
corn looking good just start cooking
let's check on that shake and bake
looking good
fogged up the camera almost done so we
just finished filming the mailbag Monday
on Dad's Channel and this chick right
here Elizabeth Perkins says people call
her butterscotch Perkins or something um
she has a youtube and she wants she's
known as butterscotch Perkins and she
wants to eat a call so I'm going to call
with that all right dad we're ready to
call this Elizabeth supposed to talk to
us a little bit better Scott yeah ask
for butterscotch I think you wanna holla
we give you one you a there take care of
it
well sorry that we couldn't talk
Elizabeth all right I tried Tod's twice
didn't answer but thanks for watching
thanks for the letter I appreciate it
what you doing better dad well first
things first as you might have noticed
the camera sort of changed while we were
doing mailbag Monday just now because I
didn't bring this camera to film mailbag
Monday with dad so the aftermath I shot
there was with the other camera anyways
just got a package in the mail tickets
these are our tickets to bTW wrestling
coming here May 31st and I'm taking
grandpa to it so here we go bTW live
with Ric Flair big-time wrestling coming
to the North Charleston Coliseum in the
front row second row oh well just go
back from another bike ride we've had a
couple today now now I'm a little
worried about gaining weight because I'm
gonna be gaining muscle my legs or
something muscle weighs more than fat
anyway weigh in a Wednesday we put the
bikes right here when we're done with
them until we're done for the night and
we'll put them in the garage but just
got back from riding again we also
walked I'm wrestling comes on thirty
minutes I had to stop because I want to
also thank you anyway the reason you I'm
using the other camera right now I'm
sure there's a difference in quality
because I can't behind the other one I
gotta look for it otherwise I would have
lost all of the vlog that I recorded
today I gotta record it all over again
hey Clyde
hey Bella how you doing girl
well that's gonna be about it for today
did a lot today just some more dieting
riding them bikes Oh weigh-in is gonna
be on Wednesday I am nervous and excited
to see what the weight is I don't know
if I've lost weight if I've gained
weight
so what to see on Wednesday until then
I'll see you guys tomorrow
a little worn out right now if you can't
tell so like subscribe there we go I was
waiting for Bridget to pop in so I don't
say it like subscribe let's do it again
so like subscribe to our Ellie let's do
it one more time like subscribe wait
when you know what I should say it
you're making this a problem so then
like subscribe favorite too early one
more time because it's getting absurd
okay like subscribe favorite thanks for
watching you guys
unsubscribe from Bridget wags don't
follow her on Twitter they will
unsubscribe you tell them to don't learn
subscribe for Bridget she's actually
been answering some Twitter questions
like 40 I think today so follow Bridget
on Twitter and she'll answer you yeah
you will post the link at the bottom of
the video I won't be doing that but
anyway like subscribe favorite and
follow me on Twitter and Facebook
hey was that spawned on is this Crisco
does he Chris who's this what is it
grandpa would ya
what are you doing Bella she pulled the
board
she also pulled that thing up you gain
destructive that's enough
Clyde
