what's going on you guys we're on our
way to the vet right now because animal
hospital because lazy yesterday got
ahold of one of those corn on the cobs
that I cooked for dinner and we think is
now obstructing him so thank you ladies
for eating the corn on the cob he ate
like the entire car all of it you know
he jumped on the table to get it hey
lady ladies intestines
well according to the VAT uh he's just
gonna poop it out so we came from the
reason so we are at the gas station that
I was dropped off at Vermont yeah of
course sir - if I was here this is the
dumpster that I was hiding behind for
almost two hours
Oh terrified I've never been so low
I was happy so just now Bridget and I
were driving on the street and her
scared her gas light was letting us know
it had zero gas she was afraid we were
going to make it with the X on it was a
block away and of course we had to come
to this gas station I never wanted to
come here again people I wanted the same
employees were here after watching me
vlog from their parking lot I'm gonna
get a shot of me with a dumpster heat da
toaster oh my god
he got down Stuart he's racist he's
amazing he does enjoy my basketball game
it could get ugly of it get it off it
so I'm sitting here looking at the big
gigantic mess dad made I'm out to clean
this cuz you don't cut your hands open
try and clean that well if you haven't
seen me yet go check out the main video
link is below
there's off what's that sound oh but
there are other hand you got them no
stop no more you had a fucking heart
attack no more oh cool yeah Donald
sterling fucking Bill O'Reilly they all
suck you know it's like it's like dad
was saying you know oh he don't mind if
black people come to his game if he can
pay for his cancer treatments or if
it'll buy his wife a new car or a new
you know vacation home in Bahamas you
know he don't care about none of that he
don't care if they coming against that
he takes their money and he spins it but
he don't want to come to the games what
about the players you got black players
are you gonna go into the court with a
couple of people and and what are you I
don't get how in 2014 we still have
people like that that's what I don't get
people are fucking people you all right
yeah I'm man feel better
get my mind off this shit we want to
talk about pretty soon I want you to
have try that new uh McDonald's
clubhouse burger we're gonna happen
go get off my hat I'm cool
well you said you with Iman online a
really good job okay we're gonna stop
talking about this now I'm gonna turn up
nobody be mothers I'm tired of seeing
people disintegrate okay I'm turning off
the camera
you got a removable disenfranchised
people made you look down on other
people cut their color something and but
because you got money you're gonna hold
the man back stop talking
I can see he's on to work up already
obviously this could be a new thing I'm
starting up I'm gonna start take it on
people I don't give a damn now fuck I'm
going after I'm going after every
whether the hardliners who want to put
money and greed over human beings and
feeding kids and and take care the
people in this country I'm good at this
goddamn one go after them Facebook I'm
going after one videos whatever I'm
going after the wrath and Bill O'Reilly
is showing as he you my first choice
okay calm down now I'm torn up the
camera dude I'm turning off the camera
now cuz he's freaking out too much I
gotta turn off camera
you're gonna leave yeah you better go
right now are you gonna like I didn't
have the camera on this I'm not gonna
calm down
now get out of here okay I'm not coming
down till people like Donald sterling
sterling where David do I show it has
Lee Bill O'Reilly and the relative are
taking the hell down okay I'm gonna go I
don't feel safe leaving yeah yeah
what are you doing
and at Thomas Ravenel that goddamn list
down could you calm now that and that
goddamn he's on our don't give up fuck
my people new yeah she's a number on my
left
Lindsey grand masti he's another one on
that it as I told you Bridget I would be
ordering another my pillow no this is
the king and I got extra stuffing this
one's even like perfect like all the
others this is a bigger that extra
stuffing so this one might be better
than the one you actually have you know
who you this guy's face I have my pillow
I have my towel so today we bought the
10 ounces of skim milk one scoop of
chocolate and one scoop of vanilla one
scoop chocolate one scoop vanilla
hmm that's good that's good
I was lazy doing house he's the bathroom
yet nope
today we took lazy to the vet grandpa
gave his opinions on Donald sterling and
they were very stern he was very upset
with Donald the dawn got my new my
pillow just finished my shake it's
delicious
half Pinilla half chocolate that shit
was good it tastes like brownie batter I
was good
come on you guys
well Saturday night over I'm gonna go
check out the mayweather fight thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite glad lazy's ok don't tell
progestin that way in a Wednesday and
that's it hope you enjoyed the new video
blanket why you have to live together
we don't work together exact oh and be
like you man
there are razor blades you beep people
you care about people
