but where's dad are you serious yeah so
dad was just here he dropped off his
camera because he wanted to vog or he he
had some blogs on here he wanted me for
his channel I was coming out here to
film him for my daily vlog and he's
fucking gone
he doesn't won his camera back
oh come on I don't get it he was talking
to me that we're both on smoke and he's
that come on he's gone you know hey why
did you just leave so you didn't want to
say goodbye to your son you were just
talking nice to me now you're yelling at
me why are you so bipolar I was coming
outside to film you and also you're gone
know what I do so the reason that I
wanted to film dad was because last
night I bought tickets to this little
independent wrestling that's gonna be
here yes me dad Bridget we're going to
it's gonna it's called big-time
wrestling
it's gonna be at the convention center
of North Charleston I decided I wanted
to take dad to Wrestling know that's
gonna be May 31st and Saturday
well you trying to NEC you I'm not going
on any day of the week so you'll be
there
nope I'll let her know that you're gonna
be missing her that day so it's a little
independent wrestling hardy boys are
gonna be the Ric Flair is gonna be there
so big-time wrestling may 31st that's
what I wanted to tell that hey dad
you're going to wrestling some of the
older guys that you watch are gonna be
there and he left he's still going
though hey Bella ooh
so a lot of people were giving me weight
loss advice yesterday and I went on
Facebook and I noticed a girl promoting
her own weight loss and the results were
staggering so I wrote her and I asked
her what she did so first let's just
take a look at through what happened
here so this is the chick right here
and this is her weight loss she was 315
pounds and right now she's 197 so I was
asking her what she did and she told me
about this product at GNC called total
lean it's a protein shake and she told
me she would drink a protein shake for
breakfast a protein shake for lunch and
she would have was a lemon pepper
chicken and I think vegetables for
dinner so I'm gonna take a page out of
her book and I'm gonna try that out so
I'm gonna go to GNC right now and I'm
gonna go get me some of that total lean
and we're gonna see where it goes thanks
Alexis for the tip let's see if it works
for me GNC
yeah oh it's ever so sweet bakery budget
they deleted jerk there was an ever so
sweet bakery over by Bridget's mom's
house and we went to them and the food
was so horrible that I left a scathing
review it was horrible that it looked
good but the food was just so bad I see
four cupcakes was like what's that stuff
you fried chicken with it's like a cream
oh yeah just like grease Crisco
was it Crisco that you fried chicken
with but it is a lard or something yeah
it tasted like that yeah like you really
oh my god it was like III put in my
review that the icing was like a
wax-like substance but anyway they would
delete they found a way to delete my
review yeah so here it is the lean shake
GNC total lean also got myself one of
these GNC cups so I can accurately get
the correct ounces so here we go this is
two scoops and ten ounces of water and
this is gonna be my shake I got a couple
of flavors I got chocolate I got vanilla
I got cookies and cream and I got
strawberry little variety
smells good tastes good
so I'm taking a little bit of stuffing
and I'm putting it into a chicken breast
and I'm gonna roll it and cook it on the
George Foreman grill so I've been going
by a calorie intake how many calories I
can have a day how many calories am i
consuming we've been writing it all down
just trying to keep track of what I'm
eating what I'm having so I can stick to
this better so than I've never done
before something there's 600 calories in
the entire box of stuffing I only used
about three spoonfuls left an entire pot
of it so rightfully I'm doing about 250
calories and stuffing I'm assuming I
think I might be less 200 calories for
the chicken so altogether my chicken was
stuffing is gonna be about 450 to 500
calories for my entire dinner plus I'm
having green beans which are the 60
calories in this entire can so about 550
calories from my entire dinner tonight
that's not bad
here it is steaming like crazy I'm gonna
go ahead and cut into this hmm
so as I like to do sometimes I just go
to Twitter and I'll answer your
questions I'll see what's going on what
you're talking about what you're asking
me which is no different right now let's
go to Twitter see what you guys are
asking what is your thought on the
reunion of evolution and who do you
think will win Elimination Chamber also
what's your Xbox gamer tag well first I
was not aware that there's an
Elimination Chamber match coming up if
there is I'm out of the loop I had no
clue second what do I think about the
evolution reunion I'm I'm not like
everybody else I don't care it's like
the build-up for Wrestlemania we had
Triple H and we had Batista and we had
Triple H Batista and Randy Orton all in
the ring together anyway it was already
like an evolution reunion so it I'm not
surprised
can you say hello to my brother Lloyd it
looks exactly like you it's crazy from
Wales well first of all I don't have you
calling me a whale there but you didn't
send me a picture of your brother I'm
gonna tweet you and ask for a picture
and if you answer with the picture I'll
put this in the blog send me is it does
this get me a shout-out it certainly
does what have you done here
this guy has wow this is nuts what did
you do here Wow yeah you got a shout out
goober 13 let's go to your profile so
shout out to this guy for making my
timeline crazy do you really go to
Walmart everyday lol and has something
ever happened to you there well we
typically do go to Laurent everyday
although we have not gone today instead
we went to GNC and if anything has ever
happened to me there there is a lot of
stuff that's happened to me there I've
gotten in arguments with people in line
we've been kicked out of the stores
dad's broken jars of jelly against the
wall he's banned from a couple of them
so this guy tubby says oh my god my new
haircut I look even more like lyrical
rap than I already do so I said well
where's the pic and he sends the pig
what do you guys think click like if
that if that looks like me what has been
your favorite prank so far and can I get
a follow I think my favorite prank that
I've done to Grandpa so far was the
obsessed fan that to me I don't know I
really really love that prank and yes
you can get a phone says you love System
of a Down Brandi Lee Young says it's my
birthday tomorrow I'll be 16
can I get a shout out and by the way I
love your videos well happy birthday to
Brandi and thank you for the support and
thanks for watching the videos people
wish at pop I can't read this you see
the twitter name her link will actually
be in the bottom of the description wish
her happy birthday go tell her happy
birthday
and what age will grant
completely lose his mind if he hasn't
already I don't know I don't know it so
far you on that one man I don't shit I
think you already have
what does grandpa's favorite song
I think grandpa's favorite song is that
one well you still love me tomorrow I
think that's his favorite song South
Park Kirby enthusiasm and Seinfeld
favorite episodes that would make a good
question to answer on camera that is a
good question answer on camera favorite
episode of South Park might be either
awesome Oh ladder to heaven or the death
of Eric Cartman those three episodes to
me are amazing but it's really hard to
choose cuz I really love South Park my
favorite episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm
there's a couple one of my favorites has
to be the one with Michael J Fox when
he's making fun of himself for having
Parkinson's disease just because it's so
revolutionary to me that he would
actually go that far to make fun of
himself with you know shaking up the
drink and giving it to Larry and all of
it that happened was amazing the
Seinfeld season was amazing I also
really loved the episode where Larry
David had a sandwich named after him but
it was made with like whitefish and
capers and he wanted to switch it with
the Ted Danson there's a lot of really
good episodes of carbon thews II Azzam
and I don't know if I could choose
Seinfeld I'm gonna have to go with
everybody else's choice The Soup Nazi
just because it's such a classic episode
medium crab bisque it's a great episode
it's a great concept it's a true story
I love the Soup Nazi okay so I asked
that guy to send me a picture of his
brother who says looks exactly like me
are you serious with this we have
bridges that look like me at all
oh come on you're as high as this guy is
that does not look like me
fella means business right now these gah
Bell just pulled the chair down and I
didn't get to record it
God Bell chill out a little bit that's
it
I'm ready to run around the yard and
play with the dogs so I can get a little
bit of exercise well the end of the day
it's not real at the end of the day but
I was editing the vlog and I've already
got about 13 minutes and I don't want to
waste anybody's time so thanks for
watching
it's been a good little fun day fun good
little fun day yeah I just said that
when did GNC got some protein shake
stuff maybe some grilled chicken I
answer Twitter questions there's nothing
left for me to do except watch Bella
tear up this chair so and watch
Desperate Housewives so like subscribe
favorite and this camera is like dying
I'm watching the battery like drain as I
record this anyway we're so like
subscribe favorite and cue the cutscene
oh yeah
I know I said like but I'm just saying
it again click like I see it all the
time on like prank vs. prank or Vitaly
click that like button so I'm just click
that like click like if you click like
I'll stop dancing
they haven't clicked like yet I'm
getting really angry I'm sitting here
beside a dumpster at a gas station
dressed like a woman and you don't even
care
I don't believe you well you many text
you a picture yeah hold on I got a hang
up and do that hi hello did you get it
please Bridget please please come get me
