so we're in the middle of a storm it
just hit us we were just watching
Desperate Housewives
that's right still watching it and the
power cut off because of this horrible
storm oh look our calendars are up yeah
why are you already on May it's still
able because there's only one day left
and it had it has it right there
you only live once one time too many
vol so pretty soon I don't know that no
know you've had cereal today actually I
didn't and she had heart worms she's
gonna part worms on the test
she's like no more period
no more bed um but she didn't mark my
birthday us how do you know your
birthday
well he's Iike flower oh well you're
gonna drop babe okay I got mark on my
weight okay so now I'm just not working
to get that down oh god I gotta mark my
pill I don't know Mom I am 120 that's my
weight yeah there's always a 125 stone
why are you going outside Clyde I'm just
opening the door buddy come on back
again
don't want you can come in
Delfy hmm she'll be water on the lens so
we were our diets back in January
yeah and a little bit into February and
then I said fuck the diet first for no
reason I don't know why I said fuck it
you know I was I was on and off of it
sometimes we would walk but then I would
go get mcdonalds so I had to stop had to
me so I got this fucking calendar so I
can actually keep track stay on the die
because this shit is hard losing weight
is actually harder than then then you
could imagine but we're gonna do it this
time yeah this is the time this is the
time time to make the step cuz gaining
weight sucks nobody wants to be fat I
don't want to be fat I want to start
losing weight so I'm getting the
exercise machine and keeping track of my
weight and I'm gonna eat better that's
not a heart attack that's actually a
slide that's me going oh when I went
like that I wasn't done so birds you
want to reconsider filling this thing
with ice and putting drinks in it you
know you love the drink idea now so I'm
gonna consider this day one of the diet
because we're starting over
officially you know I didn't luckily you
know before I was just sort of spewing
off numbers I didn't really know what I
weighed so when I would tell you one
video today I weighed 218 pounds
I didn't weigh 218 pounds cuz I'm
fucking no weight 200 of course anyway
218 pounds 318 belt back a couple of
years ago when I started my diet the
first time I got myself down to 280
pounds to 70 she says to 60 I do not
recall such a weight but
well finally when that it within that
time I moved out on my own and when I
moved out on my own I just fuckin gained
massive weight because I gained massive
weight or you had a medical reason but I
did it because I was fuckin eating like
crazy because I was alone I had some
money I was just eating and spending
money on food and right now I'm gonna
take a guess and say I weigh 240 pounds
245 pounds 345 oh you get that fuck that
I wish if I was 245 right now I won't be
on a diet so I'm about to go get my
starting weight in a few minutes
guarantee it's gonna be about 345 350
it's a lot but it's a lot to work down
from now that you know my real weight
because I never set up your home video I
will be able to actually try to work
down for me that way I can show myself
doing weigh-ins so let's do this thing
let's do it this morning I did manage to
get myself a little exercise when I slid
down the stairs this morning I was
waking up I just woke up I started to
come down the stairs and Boop fantastic
all the way down the stairs here we go
oh well you just saw my starting weight
350 350 pounds so now I have a number to
work on I got a work past 350 got to get
way less than that way past my ideal
weight obviously so I'm going to work on
it I'm going to weigh myself in every
Wednesday Wednesday weigh-ins and I'm
gonna do this every Wednesday and if I
don't do it call me out on it so every
Wednesday I'm going to weigh in whether
that be more or less berate me for it
then so here we go
officially actually starting the diet
now and this shit is crazy so here we go
three-fifty and this is my Wednesday way
in drinking water she dies here by the
way well basically drink that water
water sucks hey Clyde what's up nothing
what are you doing Bella farted fart
I keep a fart in yeah what a hell you
Todd will keep in farts in this stuff on
your ass
is it the fart oh wait someone keeping
the fart in you fired it yesterday oh
yeah I took I forgot about it
so yesterday while I was recording the
vlog I let out this lethal fart I don't
know how it turned out on video with its
tag it stunk dude it was a 200 it was a
350 pound man's farm
so whatever let's check out the bar hey
you need to go fight on that side I got
bubbles look I had been chunk of there
ah you take this this piece from here
got a cubed ooh
that stinks let's watch it again in slow
motion
he's from here well it's time for bed
for me Bridget she makes me tuck her in
at night every night for like 30 minutes
it's not going to tuck in at that point
Mike can I leave now
now I've got to work Magda hahaha but I
do
speaking of oh yeah that's the signal
that I'm leaving when I go that means
time ago ci and I mean it so no I'm not
leaving yeah so anyway that's gonna be
it for today it's bedtime
I really like Hello oh yeah you remember
my little threat message yesterday let's
take a look at that this is a travel
pillow I got a free travel my pillow oh
I'm taking them you're not taking
anything Michael I'm also getting the
new pillow no you're not see what's so
bad down yes well I guess we'll see by
the end of this night well by the end of
that night we found out she was getting
the pillow she won she got it of course
I got the other pillow and comfortable
before I get out of here I just wanted
to say that you know it's not as if I
didn't do the diet in January because I
did do it and I did lose you know about
18 pounds while I was doing it I got
down to what was it I was 355 when I
started the diet in January and I lost
15 pounds and then I gained uh I guess
what just ten I guess but I gained those
ten pounds back and I just maintained
and now it's time to say fuck all that
lose the weight and Bella is not you
know she's not impressed by my camera
but I didn't want you guys to think that
I was lying the whole time just in
February in March
but I was only died in January I did
stick with it and then I didn't stick
with it this time I have no choice but
to stick with it because I got to do
away in every Wednesday all right I'm
out of here
bridges almost out here so I passed out
so like the sky favorite
feels good right because this when you
said subscribe it met subscribe to me no
Scotty me bitch it West you don't have
any videos yet I saw a lot of people
making that comment why would I
subscribe to Bridger which is a heavy
video for that too everyone had Twitter
there right you know follow me on
Facebook and Instagram if there's a
median in which you can follow Bridget
do that yeah it's all on my YouTube oh
man now actually follow me because I'm
gonna interact with the absolute look
you just follow me that I'll do that so
meanwhile I'm sitting here chillin
Bella's butt is like right there though
what are you doing I see you chomping
over here what's your chomping right go
say goodnight what's up I subscribe oh
yeah bells but as a mama space
