happy Saturday everybody happy Saturday
can't be attic camera here and uh I'm
doing the sunlight ping again because it
is bright and I don't want to open my
eyes well uh I hurt Oh why's it hurt
we're on our way to having a good little
Saturday first we're gonna go to the
movies or as a second or third we're
gonna go to the movies we're gonna go
out to dinner we're gonna go see your
mom we're gonna have a jam-packed
Saturday so we are waiting to get to
dad's house there's this new trailer
being installed and we went here for
about 10 minutes it's kind of ridiculous
what if we were taking somebody to the
hospital what if someone's trailer was
on fire bucket this new trailers more
important than the old one obviously the
trailer got released today for a movie
that I've been waiting for for a long
long time the trailer was called boyhood
check it out it is a movie that they've
been filming for 12 years
they hired a six year old kid to star in
the movie in the i ethan hawke in it and
Patricia Arquette and the movie was
filmed over 12 years you can see the boy
naturally aged on video you can see the
parents get older I'm really curious to
see what this movie goes and it just
sounds like a really really amazing
piece of film cool something awesome
just happened what some old man drove
his truck through the grass in between
trees just to get out well why don't we
do that well please proceed no no one
else is doing it
right well we're something to cut your
yard that's for you
why'd you open it then I did it had my
name on it
who says for Michael only this damn
black pussy resonate really correct but
he give me you can't get out my face
really could put cigarettes in this you
might move in on my way okay
is this all that was there no guys I'm
done for you
hey why people using my box to get your
mail cuz if it's a share PL somebody
wrote me a certified letter a guy named
Nicholas sent me a letter to the PIO box
I appreciate them and opening right now
view all this whatever like here man
Oh someone's gotta hold it I'll open it
would I give you over it
you gave it to me other people think I'm
your mailman Oh Lewis Frank idea let me
read it
no thank you if it's good I don't
usually use fan submissions
well even you can drop pictures and
everything deluzy no oh man I don't have
I can pull this off Nichols oh it's good
I like it busy this is good Nicholas ha
ha ha I like it I don't know if I can
pull it off though man that's gonna be
pretty hard with a duct tape one I don't
know Nicholas I like it though it's a
good idea action I don't like you
Nicholas where is the oculus wonder what
oculus what the fuck is inoculate is
that like it sounds I'd like to think
you walk down to be Pepito your answers
you want out of em I don't know what the
hell that is
that sounds like some sort of sex party
that you attend no man not you know you
all the ocular no wonder your ass hurts
so much
the oculus bianket you remember the
movie by the bus and and they want to
get some goddamn actor uh Nicolas Cage's
up the whole kidding and he was in a bus
no it was it was cloudy's would and he
was a little true talking about anymore
dude and and and he was going down and
had all these fell under with guns
burrito or someone going down the line
and getting beat up while they walk down
that yeah ever gauntlet there's an
ocular that's a gun and said ocular act
I knew it a goddamn barking it is dad
and ocula is like that right there
plugged into the wall that's not it
oh maybe I'll just like just half a line
and then go through it to get beaten
shot no this is an ocular no does it an
outlet an electrical outlet and let her
go out it an oculus argument where it is
is what they walk down to be a little
gauntlet oh my god
got it a gauntlet a son you drink out of
back in the old days dad got this
that's a goblet man fuck you get up your
your guillotine a I'm confusing me a
dollar a gun is that big cup is like
that big that's a goblet Noah gobblers
of goddamn Turkey
no I godlet is a goddamn little creature
by that big just get a little thing down
off his ninjas at the motherfucking wood
back in the prehistoric days that is a
gauntlet I know my god I believe like
that that's a goblin a garden a gum
a little creature hangs out the goddamn
woods yeah that's a goblin no that is
not a goblin a goblin is that bag you
walk around Halloween and collect your
candy and go door Oh juju yam your gaga
oh god I don't know that's a gargoyle a
gargoyle no no no gargoyles were you
going name your brush T then you gotta
go with the dam but mouthwash wait a
gargoyle is one of those stones I don't
know anymore I'll show no yeah I'd be
stone to gargle you put a shit out of
her I'm talking about this I don't know
what we're into work oculis movie mirror
then mirror you think you're good what
does a mirror Jesus Christ
don't you know when you're being trolled
on oculus and others remember the book
Alice in the looking glass that's a
goddamn oculus not like you dumb after
you knew an oculus yes I knew it was to
hold are you dumbass so that's not an
oculus
what the thing is on oculus no that's
goddamn piece of shit that you got there
fuck
don't worry buddy the lead sir all real
soon I won't get into this movie get out
house hello hello invite it I'm inviting
it yeah you said we can have the cookout
come on get beat selfish get out of my
yard
what are you doing this to me when you
bring me a present never now you're
kicking us out
Tim under chairs you're kissing them I
don't know
let's go goodbye farewell I'll be to say
to you I do uh dude get your ass up the
street duck did not well goodbye Cindy
by filming you like crack today BYE MOM
everybody acid that was bridges sister
it was exempt bridges sister Jimmy
doesn't want to be filmed on video I had
a prank for Jimmy and he doesn't want to
do it talking to the camera I'm filming
a vlog right now I didn't film you sir
I had a great prank with this guy
planned I'm not gonna say it to the
whole mount for it I'm hoping that
happens if you guys don't know he's
actually the father of the guy that we
pretend was grandpa son so we need him
for a video I'm zooming into your face
I'm telling you we need him in a video a
party we're on our way to eat we are
going to La kureta there's a Mexican
place
no parking is plenty of parking okay
we are going to make our car like that
well this fucking SUV - Sadie's no yes
look look like a Cadillac Escalade oh my
god I've always wanted one by now I can
never get one
let's go around the date this is cheese
dip then I mix it with salsa
it's a Mexican version of the song so I
got this stuff - burrito covered in
queso
Bridget got carnitas with dip and rice
and a little Mexican salad and I'm going
to cut into this mug
well it's almost the end of the day had
a good day where Birgitta we have a good
day yeah so date date day we're not
gonna edit the movies we're gonna see
oculus there we're gonna fuck later it's
about on it okay like I'm gonna I say
we're gonna go see oculus against my
wishes against my will I get my pants
off I wanna stop I wanted to go see the
grand Budapest hotel but this is not
something Bridge would like she I don't
think she'd be a West Anderson fan she
refused to watch Rushmore with me and
she hated the Royal Tenenbaums so
there's not her kind of movies Munda
wait till that comes out but today we
are at the movies and I'll let you know
how it was
oculus to which dad newer oculus wasn't
we didn't so we are going to be leaving
Regal right now after seeing oculus it
was good I'm shocked
it was really good I'm really shocked
like we're so gonna buy it I was against
added I was against going to see this
movie I didn't want to I said I run a
blog before that I didn't want to see
oculus I was wrong
I really really liked it I said for
today this was a good day we did a lot
we saw dad we would install bridges mom
went to dinner went to see oculus this
was well Dayton it's not over yet on the
vlog is we can't show this stuff on
YouTube so like subscribe favorite and
that's it go to me for just ignore
everything she just said make up
you will leave anytime today autonomy
the Rose right there and then you can go
out of it
see you Michael prison y'all come back
me ain't got more time to stay oculus
