what's going on you guys keep me on
camera here and we're on our way to take
a guess
Walmart you guessed correct how we doing
Bridget I'm waiting to go to Walmart why
is this thing still up you Easter's over
not hanging it no more blank door you
buy another one from Walmart for for
something there what's the next holiday
Mother's Day well what would go there
for Mother's Day nothing a bun you know
that Bunny's gone stop it $10 so we're
leaving Game Stop right now
I was just reading the news about
gamestop is closing 150 stores now mind
you that is out of I think they have
5000 locations
oh my god what they're doing and I saw
this on the boogie2988 video what
they're doing is the rebranding some of
these stores to focus on game technology
now I'm not mad about it like boogie is
you know you got to think about a
business and it's giving to a point
where games and videos video games are
going to become obsolete yeah and why
would you keep a business that's going
to be obsolete soon you can't keep open
5,000 locations if they're not going to
be making money so they'll trying out a
hundred and twenty of those locations
which roughly estimates to about 2% 1 to
2% of all of the all of them you know
games up locations that they have and
they're gonna focus on cell phones and
tablets and just technology as somebody
who's already switched to all digital
gaming it's the wave of the future you
don't need to have the discs anymore I
can close out one game and go directly
into another one now and that's what I
prefer now I do think that the digital
game should be priced lower because
there's no shipping cost there's no you
know disc this you know distribution
cost there's no packaging they should
lower the price a little bit for digital
gaming regardless digital is the future
and
you know use games gonna become a thing
of the past unless you buy something off
Craigslist or you know eBay or something
like that so you know I think it's smart
if gamestop to rebrand itself that's not
closing every location but they gotta
try something before their store becomes
obsolete
they just don't count anymore think
about Game Stop like blockbuster had
blockbuster tried like a Netflix
direction they may still be open you
know you know blockbuster might not have
been so obsolete the idea was nobody
wants to go rent movies anymore who
wants to leave their house to rent a
movie and that's the thing we games up
eventually is going to be like why do I
want to go to this store to buy a video
game when I can just download so I think
it's a smart decision my game stop you
know you got to protect your business so
you know good luck so I'm about to go
check out Rack Room Shoes so I can just
go check out some new shoes I don't buy
that many have only got two pairs I'm
finding away in my second pair today so
just about to go in the rack where I'm
gonna check out some new shoes see what
I can get I'm afraid to have this door
open and I'm afraid someone's gonna run
into it but anyway I'll do that
yep still doing it I'm entering my old
junk room that we still need to clean
I'm doing it because I'm trying to find
some of my old wrestlers recently I'm
getting my wrestlers together putting
some shit together in that back room so
I can play with my toys again like the
kid that I am a kid at heart
MVP in Rey Mysterio is a good star
there's a couple of my was missing huh I
just found the autographed setlist from
the very first Scars on Broadway show
signed by Daron Malakian playing with my
wrestlers again because that's what the
fuck guys do so I just got done watching
a movie called enemy starring Jake
Gyllenhaal and I don't I don't know what
to make of it uh if anybody has seen the
movie enemy and you guys have been able
to make sense of the ending send me a
message and try to explain it to him
because I don't know what the fuck I
just watched I like the movie it was
great but the ending I don't understand
what happened I'm not gonna say I'm not
gonna spoil the mood for those of you
who are gonna see it but if anybody did
see and they know what happened or if
you have a theory or just thoughts about
what you think about it just let me know
because I really like to know what just
happened or at least some other theories
because I don't have any right now I
don't know what I just watched all right
boys let's get on out so I ended up not
getting any shoes from Rack Room today
we went in there and back room kind of
sucks
they didn't have any shoes that me they
had shoes of course or a shoe store but
the choices they had were all bullshit
would you think about Rack Room Shoes
virgin horrible I'm heating we went
there and I wanted to go look at the
Nikes so I go to the Nike section and
they're all bullshit they suck and I
went to another side and I finally saw a
pair that I wanted but they were for
children and they don't make him in
adult sizes so I left
Cockrum sucked after that we would
harris-teeter which is a grocery store
over here I don't know if it's
everywhere or not but we had we went
Harris Teeter it's new for us and that
grocery store it's awesome
what an awesome grocery store oh my god
I was like dude is so much crap I felt
like Charlie Bucket when you walk into
Wonka's chocolate factory it was just so
much to look at are you doing Bella Jeff
fun just now so just now uh I recorded
Bella well Bella likes to do is she gets
horny she likes to help legs and what
you'll do is she'll dig her nails into
your leg and pull at you until you give
her your leg for the hump and so I
filmed Bella humpin Bridget's leg and
I'm gonna you I'm gonna use it for the
end cutscene she said to me it does hurt
if you don't let her she'll start biting
your leg your kneecap or digging in til
she draws blood you just give her the
leg let her bust
let her get her nut and move on with
your life live with the shame that you
just got a dog off Oh Bella stop even
the fucking dirt dude Bella
why does she eat dirt
well that's it not much happened today I
didn't wake up a four o'clock today woke
up late as hell woke up at 4 o'clock and
didn't do much after that
so sorry this was a dull blog my
apologies still like anyway I'm gonna do
more Twitter stuff about pretty soon
coming up to sometime next week and I
got a prank
come on anger grandpa very soon is my
last prank of the month and it's the one
I've been waiting for I mean getting
people for it that should be coming
Sunday fingers crossed
look out for it and that's it like
subscribe favorite and cue the outro boy
let me tell you we went to that Taco
Bell to try that breakfast
I was ready dull shit
I got that I got that wrapping over that
ran like a baby's diaper pull of our
3-part my thighs you to come in to start
with big an egg too but don't get my
knives or I'll be talking about y'all
yeah
