what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here that's right the intro quote kid
behind a camera here I like it sitting
out here it is about what time is it I
know I can't keep my eyes open right now
so I'm going to blow my eyes closed for
a second it's about five o'clock right
now umm it's really bright out
everything's red in my eyes right now
but anyway haven't really done anything
today we got up we went to Walmart and I
didn't film that I didn't film the car
going to Walmart for once we just went
to Walmart
we got a what does this thing look some
sort of creamer thing yeah and it's like
yo Nana it's like you use frozen bananas
huh frozen fruits of it and make like an
ice cream consistency so we're gonna
check that out it seems every day I fell
in destroying this chair a little more
I'm not throwing ice for favorite thing
we'll see what happens at our dry
getaway so I'm considering watching the
show Game of Thrones I have not seen it
yet I watched one episode and it was
just moving so slowly that I didn't
watch anymore do you guys think it's
worth watching should I watch Game of
Thrones
should I not watch Game of Thrones sort
of give it more of a chance is it going
to be that slow the entire series I
don't know I've usually like slow stuff
but something about this one I just
didn't really get into now there are
recipes and stuff we don't know about
those yet we're still trying to see out
for
put in there
yeah it should be like the consistency
of ice cream it's so cool hmm a sub of
course there's recipes and something
here is so good we got a real way to
work with it figure out how to do it I
think most every recipe is supposed to
call the frozen bananas because that's
what will really make it have the ice
cream texture but I told Tina oh I'll go
she always know why you didn't put that
video up with her side with with with
putting all that wig awareness he looked
cute
the video was like 13 minutes I ran out
of time uni dude she wasn't done and you
do it was that mean good I said do it
okay okay all right fine
what do you know what you do so there
was a yesterday we filmed Tina's son
wearing the wig that I wore a dress up
like a woman oh look at her oh shit at
least won't look like Jen let's run like
fucking my kid oh shit shit put it on on
the room you're on a how you want to be
a fucking girl so dice up that bitch I
might show them how to do so you got
practice pull this oh you do your hair
back and forth you use your hair back
and forth oh oh you look just like your
mommy oh yeah
look at him you think that's cute you
like that Albert oh go ahead sexy leave
it on the veterans pickle board yeah now
look before you whip your hair back and
forth we'll be back before oh how is it
fucking arm in so many ways though we
suck in bottles now and then a pee-pee
IBEW chat around kid
there abrasion we walk there with next
time a little you got candy necklace and
candy rings who's that a fight about ah
why are you going through the candy
you're gonna eat it yeah my candy no
this was not your candy I would have
gotten you an Easter basket and said you
don't need candy okay we're gonna burn
egg is that robin egg that kid a real
egg it was yeah it's like a whopper what
are you looking for
why did I Paul even knows there might be
there is no mr. perfect where is Paul
Heyman he's her old aren't they
but where's Paul Heyman if they're old
Paul Heyman won't be in one because this
is still got CM Punk when he was bald
but I'm a Heyman guy well you're seeing
Punk he's a Heyman guy - he's also a
nothing what he's also nothing we're in
a got Paul Heyman they're not really
cards where'd you worry who got one of
these the kids yeah and I've been
awarded via Paul Heyman these women God
JC
come here
hey how old are these cards is there no
paul heyman see see you lose the WWE
most influential powerful man in the WWE
and you ain't even got his card out you
bunch of zeroes
get with the program Vince dumbass Paul
is the greatest manager ever he is now
in history he has led the greatest of
all wrestles two championships he has
let him far beyond their their highest
potential and they all made it because
under the leadership oh damn
hurt Paul Heyman so a lot of people been
asking me to tell a story what do you do
with your hand there
hurt by here well when I hit the table
good I don't have a Paul Heyman card so
people have been asking for more stories
and I thought what better than to tell a
story with grandpa himself I'm loony
story I'm gonna tell one you a lie right
here will call you out so I wanted to
tell a story with anger grandpa about
the garbage heap of 2002 do you remember
the garbage pile dad log Road Lawson
Road whatever so it was 2002 and we
lived in this triple wide trailer one
well how many acres of land was that Ian
it was 10 acres of land we had a river
at the very end of it and right outside
we had this big dog kennel and attached
to the dog kennel was a shed and the
house was really high off the ground was
elevated and so we had a back porch that
sloped down it was a good long walk down
the stairs in the back door and we
didn't take our garbage to the dump we
didn't have garbage service and for some
reason those a lazy ass fucking job
Josh's job well maybe so the users
mother
Josh was if you're watching this you are
lazy mother fuckin lyin stealin
motherfucking bitch in your video and
you never did nothin you can't read you
couldn't read mother fire you would
write you know we're words the way they
sounded like peanut peep in ug peanut
one time dancing you're stupid you can't
even spell stupid because I can to s T u
p IE d he's stupid st UI PE d he
redundant admit he did then that's
awesome
I said spell it he did al as Oh Eddie
nothing used to ask um ALS you will yeah
he'll if you if awesome
motherfucker what he good he could do
bad either
you couldn't find the summon nothing so
we had the dog kennel with a with a
steel shed attached to it and that got
filled up quick the steel shed was
filled up first the dog kennel was
filled up second and we're talking about
a mound of trash like you would not
believe like introduce dump truck more
than a dump truck dude my dude - it was
packed that kennel bags were seeping
through the steel fence but you see
trash coming out of them and then it got
to the point where when that filled up
we just started tossing bags out the
back door and the bags would just roll
down that long guy stairs and they would
rip open and we had trash in the laundry
room and it got so bad oh she's got so
bad thought about that damn dope that
the stairs were like five foot down and
it was like five foot up you get to walk
out like a Ledge it's true it was like
it was seriously it was bad bad there's
trash everywhere it was so damn bad that
the goddamn neighbor came over to the
gear you might use my finger cook to
haul your trash off and he wasn't close
this neighbor was like how far away
would you say his house was ours
gourville mall it was a nice little
distance away and he came over because
they could smell it it was like diaper
Mountain and the heat was just lingering
garbage to his house and they could
smell he's like who
man his name was Kenny ain't no shit JG
did shit a lot did me is he dead
that dude comes over you know come
bigger man we go through a goddamn diver
die box with diver today above us all
the goddamn time yes he did
so Kenny came over one day look man my
wife's folks are coming over and you
think I can bring my truck over here in
haul off that garbage for you and you
didn't even let him you didn't let him
do it
he got so bad that instead of cleaning
it we moved we fucking moved we didn't
want to deal with it so we got our asses
to another house we was a white trash
you motherfuckers were we
I should I could call this one anger
grandpa's white trash you do with that
statement I grew that but T you won't go
through it wonder fine oh man that
wasn't it that was the ending but thank
God yeah that's that nasty here's the
real one I'll drop that very good
laughing me
