what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here where do I see
turns out I've always had my own little
intro quote and I didn't realize it I
know right anyways
Easter is over hey so that is there
buddy stairs over so Easter's over
that's gone tired of my door looking
like a piece of shit you put a bug up
it's cute I'm ripping it a son No
hey guys so today is Easter - you got a
lot of candy for Michael's nephews and
we're gonna make baskets hey Michael
this is like a burnt out I'm really bad
at vlogging which is why I don't do it
Michael don't do that to me God's day
horrible so we're making up the Easter
baskets and these dogs are curious God
god that's bad spells asking she can eye
candy
I know you guys are curious for making
these for the kids so here's a wacky
concept how long does it take for cold
air to come out of this thing it's time
to call now oh yeah maybe cool two
people in hell but for me this is pretty
hot it takes a minute it's so hot it's
90 degrees out today so we're on our way
to grandpa's house right now and Tina is
there if you're wondering why Tina's
there her son plays with the nephews so
she comes over and talks with dad while
the kids play but I'm gonna try to make
the insinuation that they're dating I
think it'll be funny I'm gonna say hey
you guys a thing now so we'll see what
happens
that'll be funny happy Easter to Jacob
Albert where's Donny hey buddy
happy Easter it's a happy Easter number
two how is rather Easter okay give me
five
what Oh ginger baby I bought you some
old bay chips you love all baked
seasoned when I add columns you ever
even had it yet
you love all Bay seasoning yeah your guy
was rolling them yeah you got who dear
Michael hey but my name is Lucas and I
am a huge fan of anchor grandpa show I
actually see your dad a letter too so if
you had to read it for him I want to let
you know that I am as much of a fan of
yours as I am of his he asked I had to
read the letter to you
God you illiterate faster illiterate
bastard grandpa how's that make you feel
that way
oh Jesus Christ yes part I'm the man
I thought I was only movies on demand
nasty motherfucker hey women they say
you can't read this one here for Charles
Griffin
aka anger grandpa Charles Griffin good
dude here shoot doc day ah well that is
pinky smelling it now
fucking Jesus mother Joseph just just
wanted to wish you a Happy Easter
this weekend I had what you want you and
your family have a great holiday weekend
nothing came from just over here yeah
didn't even a now now any you see me
this subway thing all right I need to
give sandwich so I call some way it
tells me I got 50 points
what hell I don't want point I want to
get sandwich what do you mean the Far
subway zones at honor points they're
doing it boys are here
oh yeah yeah oh we're the 50-point beans
that got this I don't know it are that
here
Eddie sippy to one over two sandwiches
key your point okay is I got a question
dad dad Wow
enough mail for a second I got a
question you have I'm looking veil
what is that when I come here Tina's
just chilling out with you you guys a
thing now
no I don't want to go play with boys Oh
her son okay wait you gotta start
driving well y'all just chillin it's a
we only shoot losers weren't Sam a cup
there maybe today what's going on there
money in your kitchen ain't no five hell
nah his balls couldn't get black enough
that's pretty clever that's best clever
on multi-levels okay why why you got my
graph why do I have to get a letter on
my door from the office and cut your
grass not my problem I cut your grass
and I put some fucking wood chips in the
front to make it look good in this in
this halo over here well then what I got
your clown G calls under what you call
the footage you call them guys go
workers go they're like gold they need
to go somewhere else because they don't
likely belong in here okay you look like
the runarounds attendant in the yes
company job go cool golf carts and they
look like the old drugs oh shit
they were all red we gonna put a sign in
your gut you glad you a jumper glass can
I don't pay you Sonny Bono's you're just
like oh there's that guy's dead now
sitting there he's auntie Lauren what
was the matter in hand since your usable
card then I got a red card ain't no I
got someone to show you I don't think
you do cuz you been looking for 20
minutes and you ain't found it yet he's
a sergeant in the end the Alpha Company
in 181 Army National Guard base in
Seattle armory oh uh he was just got
back in Q West Iraq he's one of my
youngest he sent me his picture that I
will keep and I will put up
that's me too Lucas Lucas there's
grandpa
I got your letter today
I got your letter today I got your
letter today no way so I said ah I'm
gonna call Lucas man is all you know
yeah
Lucas I want to thank you for your
service you gave out your country
brother you and your your your partners
over there man y'all y'all take care of
our interests and y'all looking out for
this fat-ass old man like me all right
but me and Maya and Tito we sitting here
not back here nila Gina anyway the
neighbor to neighbor Gina we don't we
don't go too crazy Gina well she's crazy
too but yeah anyway ah how's it going
brother you go watch that little face of
yours Happy Easter
- how you been good
fucking do you guys eat Mexican food off
I don't know Mike I don't
that's fucking air smell like that and
those that's toxic you need to fucking
gun was after him not just your ass
that's what I'm trying to get him to do
follow me I wouldn't you have got an
example well get into fucking Dennis eat
you I don't know if I caught the first
form of the conversation the turtle my
grandpa's ass right now bringing a
sample of shit to charters office and
she says just thrown yes hey welcome to
take a shit right on the dance team oh
well you know I gotta jump stopping all
this Joe people saying you I don't need
out of it
then how come I can't take weeks with me
I don't need either us joking how come
you like me not here
you just chilling on the computer come
on here Jacob what are ya got about
Easter
shall we use your basket lines inside
yours inside you got Albert an Easter
basket how was your Easter Elbert okay
if you guys don't know Albert is Tina's
son I know what he's Knightley
yeah he's your friend I walk back into
smiling straight far there's no better
in I've got oh my god that's your daddy
yeah you learned it from me it smells
like pickle is ready baby now mouth bill
today
yeah I got more you got you got herpes
on big I get to talk to my lips cracking
up go there no I am I notice anything
for my lips but gonna go though you big
kiss them dog
no I brother kiss them dogs and Grandpa
if anybody wanna don't kill me did you
do
like you were talking away course won't
mother talk to you that way
scared of never never scared
be careful but just never know
I'm a haven guy and last night those
idiots at Raw Paul was making a
statement with ball hater does you
listen and then done azzam W just cut
him off do it again you never cut Paul
Heyman off happy Easter number 2 dad
Abby Zuma happy Easter to Tina
later on Gator happy Easter day by Jacob
by Johnny by JC happy you see you guys
happy Easter Jacob happy to you too
oh are you good boy you know Clyde so
we're making another batch of baked
macaroni and cheese because the last one
we did sucked
all the way forward you to correct me
there and it never came it was it kind
of sucked I didn't eat that much of it
it was because we got the wrong cheese
the cheese that we put in the middle was
extra sharp cheddar and that's not what
you need
this right here is Colby jack I mean it
wouldn't be Easter - we won't we
creating the same thing I know right
Easter to keep Cline season I thought
you said he can't have dairy they can
good okay
I'm cooking my burgers hotdogs and
bratwurst the McElroy is cooking and
Bridget is in the process of cutting up
some onions and peppers and this guy is
hovering over us waiting for the rain to
start but the rain fall down wet my food
so it is starting to pour oh it's better
Michael
again yeah
what he bought hey sir are you sure yeah
okay well should you turn down the heat
so all right well try as it might the
rain didn't put a stop to my barbecue
here we go brats burgers dogs macaroni
sauteed peppers and onions Easter to my
bone broke ah my god I'm going to be our
big it Mouse mouth
