good morning you guys I'm sitting here
with Bella
hurry bra what oh man can I finish this
part first
no I'll record oh man I hate this watch
Mike oh and he gags oh man that's right
I'm problem swallowing till I see the
joke's on you don't go problem small you
know anyway oh oh okay Michael's every
fucking morning I hate it
yes I make Michael take vitamins
Oh God
I'm sorry drink my water the matter
there Oh back with you ah yeah that's
what happens I can't take pills I don't
have an answer all why I just can't do
it
but anyway happy Monday Easter was
yesterday I just woke up
it's actually about 11:30 I wake up like
that time every day because I go to
sleep at like 5:00 but hey Bella thought
we were chillin
don't start hanging out together I was
thinking we sort of need our own like
little intro quote kind of like prank
vs. prank has with her boyfriend or
girlfriend Channel what up peeps whore
what up dope fresh nation they begin
their videos with that every time we
need something what will we be
hey people hey people it's not a quote
hey people that's uh
okay she's mean serious so house looks
good nice job is it that chair does then
a chance with Bello around boom big-ass
bone will be flying around us so okay
God go Bubba there it is
Oh God kid hey Bella what do you think
that our introduction quote should be
when we open vlogs she doesn't give a
fuck so if you guys have a
recommendation post it down below and
we'll check them out I always read the
comments even the bad ones and I know
that some of the ones are gonna be you
know fellas here and I won't be using
that I'll let you know ahead of time not
gonna use the what up fat ass hair quote
but I'm gonna check out what you guys
have to you know recommend
so Bridget got her hair cut the other
day hey before you say anything I
donated 15 inches of it yeah I got 15
minutes for your hanging had a whole dad
let's show it this is her hey this is
embarrassing I don't like it
don't say it I don't like it either it's
way too short lift your head up now so
this is Bridget's hair this is how short
it is now it's really bad that's not too
bad it's pretty bad
what did I say your hair looked like the
other day Dolph Ziggler oh it's not
blonde like Ziggler's but it's got this
it's poofy and like short we put a
little Sun hat on you look at Little
Debbie now I look like big Deborah Bell
Bell she is fucking demolishing this go
ahead kill a bell I wanted to film it
this chair is the worst thing for Bella
we need a little table foot out here man
I agree well we missed total divas last
night so here we are watching it on my
hear our total diva leaving with the
show Belvoir Clive they just fart
something stinks bad need to give them
badly Michael Oh Bella excited about
that you want to bath tonight all right
they smell bad well today peeps the doer
no that didn't feel right what up peeps
well today guys this sucks
today we're going to give the dogs baths
and you're gonna check it out Clyde
you're in a bath so since I started
doing the Twitter shoutouts a lot of
people have been asking me to give them
shoutouts so I just posted on Twitter
gonna be doing some Twitter shoutouts in
a few minutes for the vlog and of course
people started responding so it's time
for me to do some Twitter shoutouts okay
so this guy Lee says hello me and the
blog you're looking mighty handsome
today okay let's see how mighty handsome
he is looking today photos and videos it
got to be a picture of him on here
nothing Ashley says I sent you one the
other day but here is another one you
and Grandpa are awesome I absolutely
love the videos hashtag shout out so
shout out to Ashley thanks for the
comment
sorry had to wait so many days but here
it is Graham says can I be in it and can
you say hi to Grandpa for me please yes
I'll say hi to Grandpa for you alright
Dan so this guy Graham Kennedy wants me
to tell you hi oh I didn't say hi do I
know about you this guy I'm doing two
Twitter shoutouts from this guy wanted
to say hi
oh talking about
are you driving yeah just say hi
Christian Palka says hey yo Michael I
want to know how many times do you think
you went to Walmart by the way can I get
a shoutout pls I love your vids
okay so shoutout to Christian and to
answer your question entirely too many
times walmart has most of my money price
says I made your tacos and they were
amazing my fiancee daughter and I love
it great job love you in anger grandpa
and so he made my tacos I'm glad you
liked it man
I don't know how to pronounce this guy's
last name but he to hit anger girl Paul
says happy goddamn Easter okay so this
guy right here I don't know how to
pronounce my last name Louie I'm sound
like an idiot right there well I don't
wanna pronounce that I am NOT fucking
asking you to put me in but jesus H fuck
it would be so dope so just ask if it
would be so dope why won't you ask well
there you go na what is that icon dude
is that a picture of me when I get out
of the shower
Paul says please give me a shout-out I
don't know what that is I can't give it
to you and really just because so many
are coming through I am just going to go
ahead and go down this list right here
so shout outs to all of these people all
you guys sorry I can't shut you out
individually there's just so many coming
through right now so have a look as if
you see yourself
my apologies because I don't think this
many people cared for me to you know
shout them out in a video so here you
guys go and thanks for the support
seriously this is crazy
Wow it is hospitals off to get you back
alright get it done lazy so the other
two are hiding because they don't want
baths anything we'd find you ok guess
who's next
Bella you're next
she dead weights no oh oh she one of the
koalas
Bella come here you gotta give that she
turns her head a whole time away but
she's at first we have a queen a face
which we have to clean our face this
house carefree isn't it yeah oh that's
right I know baby we got to your weasel
to you so you feel good every day
so we got to clean our folds because
they build up all kinds of bacteria and
stuff so yeah they get yeast infections
in their face all those who pay just
over water alright Millie you're done
pop one out yeah hop on out babe Wow
fathers got some skin problems so we
gotta they told us we got to clean him
extra good a little tongues buggin out
oh you can't leak though yes I'm talking
the feeling good pride I think you were
saying no
well after giving those dogs a bath I'm
just exhausted how do you feel Bridget I
know I did a lot of work so the gaboon
viper is loose in Mount Pleasant a
deadly snake is on the loose it is
terrorizing residents of an apartment
complex in Mount Pleasant there is a day
of kaboom viper snake running loose I
believe it is an African Viper with
deadly venom
what a mother good and you did that's
great thanks to uh gone through all we
have in life and then maybe die by some
rare African Viper
I think grandpa's gonna find that the
gaboon viper has been living in his
house all along
