they don't know they're medical books
and their science but they don't know
angry grandpa bro brought some happiness
baby drop it I'm just really happy
what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here
right there today it's smaller what
you've lost some Lane there is zero
chance that I lost Wayne FBI yesterday
are you kidding me
you definitely lost some weight do you
know how much sausage alfredo pasta I
ate yesterday
do you realize oh my god me too I had
like four balls and I I definitely
surpassed a milestone what yeah like a
weight milestone you passed a milestone
like I already warned with a number it
may be six hundred you're not six
hundred pounds I'm not the best food
guys that pasta is dangerous seriously
don't go near it
unless you want delicious pasta that's
gonna get your feet cut off guys if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog it was mine
and Bridget's anniversary and I made the
best pasta that I've ever made it was
seriously it was so good guys I think
everyone should make it guys make this
pasta if you want to easy delicious
recipe be right back alright
better hmm we're not talking about this
oh my gosh it smells so bad not keeping
this in the intro it's like toxic I've
got to record this okay yeah I'm just
lucky you have to use the bathroom
sometimes too okay can I do this intro
sorry about that you guys there was
somebody at the door I had to take an
important call okay I took a dump okay
guys if you didn't see yesterday's vlog
not only was that our anniversary but it
was also the return of angry grandpa
guys grandpa's been begging me for the
past week about like just letting him on
a vlog we're gonna be on the road man
when you gonna record me you just don't
want to go me no more you keep me for my
young
you're pissing me up all right you know
what Dad I'm gonna film you he was good
enough yesterday you guys I loved it it
was like talking to the old dad and
seeing him on this mend is so
encouraging so dad welcome back guys
check it out if you haven't seen it the
link is below
I'm thinking we see him again today
absolutely
guys grandpa's back on this vlog too
let's get this day started we got some
stuff to talk about and it doesn't stink
that bit no it's off on here at the
beginning of every vlog lately you guys
I have been plugging our new store
number one because I want you guys to
know about it awareness is key for the
success of the store and I wanted you
guys to know that we have new shirts
we've got thanks for that guys keeping
it - that's Bridgette sneezy you ever
wonder what it sounded like
guys we got new shirts we got new hats
we've got a Christmas hoodie where it's
got holiday lights around the hangar
grandpa's logo I love it it's awesome
I'm getting one
did you order me one yet yes by golly
guys I'm paying for my own stuff I just
went to the store yeah the people who
make the store like hey let me know what
you want we'll send it to you I was like
now I'm just gonna go get it yeah anyway
that's not one we're gonna talk about
right now I want to talk about this
morning Cindy you haven't heard this yet
this is absolute I'm not doing it
tell her so okay forget it I don't know
if anybody knows this about me but I
sleep naked okay do you guys make it no
Jimmy
boxers okay that's very close okay
it's comfortable to have nothing one
while you're asleep I'm not the only
player in the world that does it okay
it's not just me so I sleep NIC now this
morning Dina is a rustling but I can
hear like bangin that hear like and I
think it speaks so I get out of bed
totally naked and I go to the door and
I'm like come on Felix just stop I don't
want to come out of bed yet right I want
to go away back down
and I hear Bridget Michael what are you
doing and there am by the door but they
come on I'm gonna go it's my mom Bridget
FEMA get into the dishes this boy
walking out here while Cindy was here
cleaning the house and I'm naked your
mom's coming over when I hear a lot of
stuff messing around
either one somebody's broken into the
house is feeling which is one reason why
you shouldn't sleep naked
oh if someone breaks in you're gonna be
freaking naked hey I thought about that
never that one night I had Lucille walk
your living room naked in the middle we
just talked about it that happened this
morning any day now
no that's we back what are you doing
always reporting I have a surprise for
you okay close your eyes no I'm not
gonna close my eyes close your eyes both
hands okay
you're still angry when it comes
surprises what is this what do you think
I don't know tables look magazine what
is this this is the album yes why do you
keep surprising me we take this what I
don't understand what this is Michael
it's a target exclusive and it comes
with a CD and a bunch of pictures and
she what I don't like magazine yeah dude
I freaking love Taylor swagger she's
freaking awesome I had to open one I
just had yeah this is my surprise you're
sorry I love her too oh my god that's so
huge you did that reaction to kittens
yes I did they were choose they are cute
I love Taylor I'm tired like
embarrassing myself I retain a swell gal
over I love you too no shame no shame
that's my reaction you guys I love
Taylor Swift can we go see Dad no yes
can we please yes and do me a favor
don't surprise I'm not coming out of the
bathroom Taylor Swift again yeah just
give it to me like a normal person
it might go hurry up I have to give them
the candy oh just hurry up maybe maybe
you left it at home
I specifically before we left grabbed it
off the counter and I said dad's gonna
love these
he loves peanut butter and it's gone
my gosh well then this it's gotta be in
there somewhere
yeah it's lost in your car amongst the
garbage okay Michael that's not my fault
your car is a total train wreck yeah cuz
of you let me get off we got a zoo ended
up face gross
I'm gonna throw my nothing I was just
this isn't it
okay so Michael and tell him that this
piece of crap
Michael why did you find it
no it's gone dude look I found a piece
of crap what Michael yes I have germ X I
can't even see you get out the car
Michael it's just done crap see look bro
it's huge yeah it's a big car you want
to touched it you better push it out
Michael there fish it out
what is that it's duck crap hey it's all
over the car I mean I hope you're honest
hey yeah Michael you can't give him
those why cuz they've been in the car
for JCV old people kissing behind me
that'll never be us
I didn't see that actually walking away
from each other yeah there they I saw
the kiss goodbye so he can't have these
now okay how you doing sir
pretty good pretty good as me I got a
natural scent I'm just always like one
point thank you
so they took the logo and they
completely wrap it in Christmas lights
negative white Christmas lights oh how
many you just want one or two
two of those I want to to the others
each have you seen all the other stuff
no got a warm check this up oh that's so
cool
dude yeah there's some really cool stuff
pretty neat huh
hey check this out I think you'll love
this one have you ever seen that famous
picture by Banksy that has Obama and
this is hope yeah angry oh it's my
favorite oh that dude that's really
awesome yeah yeah I think I showed the
camera
we've got angry grandpa wrapped in
Christmas lights already shown you Oh
what do you want oh we've got all those
shirts we've got another eat sleeping
you've got horror peaches you just put
out yeah
I'm tired now so sorry each sleep angry
grandpa repeat we are there we are
hoodies we got all kinds of stuff so the
stores operating in time for Christmas
fini yeah have you not seen the new
store no I need to link you or some fun
broadband TV so far they're great they
got the shirts are awesome
they've got a freakin pickleboy shirt
it's so cold
all hail pickle boy
I ordered water initially I rejected it
like a while I don't there you go that's
so cool it's awesome right additionally
I ever checked in it because I didn't
bother oh I'm so special I need my own
shirt like I felt like like I was just
sort of like oh yeah what is that
actually senses people's audience Oh
he asked for grilled cheese it's amazing
that looks like spaghetti sauce oh that
was on you ever seen
okay you know what we're gonna we gotta
fix this yeah we gotta fix this dinner
situation let me ask you a question what
do you think about us coming up here
Sunday and bring some Sunday there why
did you doing bro
I was makeup from one-on-one and we can
come every night then I mean I throw
what I see you want for something then
what do you want for Sun together
fried chicken fried chicken so do you
want us to bring sonic to Internet yeah
what else do you want
I gotta be honest dad looks so different
without that beer yeah wearing those
teeth it is a weird combination I gotta
get help what's going on he won't accept
help good let me help you with this at
least we are about to find out of this
tastes like lasagna at all it's good it
smells good well guess what Sunday
dinners cancel that you get good food
here you know this is a remarkable sight
scene and feed himself yes I like Dina
remember Doug like when he wasn't even
like able to communicate
smells good guys we're only grandpa
we're gonna be getting out of here
Sunday dinners all what do you think
about it science but they don't know
I'm so happy to see you bro fraud not
just some happiness baby driving I'm
just really happy it's all good it looks
good Donny Kim and then the bar
Michael's coming up I'm right here now
we're gonna walk around this place
