well happy Easter everybody grandpa will
be here soon I don't know exactly when
I'm starting dinner we're gonna have a
cookout today and I'm also gonna be
making a baked macaroni and cheese now
we've got the noodles boiled it is time
to construct our macaroni for our
noodles in here okay so my add a little
bit of kosher salt not much because I
also have salt in the water while I was
boiling it and I know this looks like a
lot but kosher salt comes up slowly
up next is butter and we're gonna mix
the butter in here till it melts and I
might even add a little more than that
actually one egg two eggs now we're
gonna add pepper black pepper now we're
gonna start adding our cheese this is a
lot cheese that I cut myself they sell
it pre-cut for you the store was sold
out so I had to cut it myself it's not
coming out overall the bottom is
evaporated milk condensed milk and now
we top it off with cheese this is the
shredded cheese that those are the top
so I'm about to saute my onions and
green pepper because we're having
sausage dogs like this and Bridget has
never heard of sauteing onions and green
peppers for sausage dogs never heard it
she thinks that you don't put green
onions peppers on sausage dogs she
thinks I'm making it up okay so right
now I got a little bit of fresh olive
oil a little bit of butter and some
fresh garlic and I'm gonna go ahead and
melt these down before I add my green
peppers and my engines now to these
while they saute I'm adding a little bit
of red wine vinegar that's gonna add a
little bit of sweet and sour to it
almost like a pickled pepper but it is
not a pickled pepper so I've got the
grill heating up right now
the outer burgers
brats like grandpa wanted I got a couple
versions of hot dogs and some Oscar
minors and I saw these a new ballpark
hot dogs so I figured why not try it so
today we're making chocolate covered
pickled eggs to give grandpa yep so this
is melting melt chocolate sizzle candy
making then call them red velvet balls
shaped like eggs these red velvet eggs
so the plan was to give grandpa
chocolate-covered pickled egg apparently
the chocolate does not hold when pickled
eggs
so we're adjusting this is chocolate
cover raw eggs either way grandpa's
getting fucked up this is a teriyaki
marinade well tell dad's to talk or
brownie okay so please leave I'm salt
this is kosher salt they always
hopefully use anymore pepper
onion powder
all right grandpa's opening some fan
mail
damn dude grandpa my name is higher I am
I love your vids my favorite one was the
obsessed fan please call me Tyler shit
sticker wow this is a bunch of stuff
this is a big Billy Payne from gems in
India oh he's a firefighter
the firefighters pray up oh that's sweet
that's really nice
yeah nice a firefighter sprayer right
yeah
and it's back how'd they allow that I
don't know
yeah we'll see you mints and one Jolly
Rancher cherries all right okay I got
guys who said this Ruth Miller
yeah maybe a braise it got be okay maybe
it's a necklace
oh no no you got you you day room but
can a DP and Michael please over no
camera
damn oh I gotta go now that's sad -
grandpa and Michael's less $0.50 for you
57 for me yo if it said alright what do
you what does your way here Thank You
boy that's pretty cool what's the other
thing that door - that's porting what do
you want to give you the dollar dad this
guy says you were crazy in a God way
thank you but uh this is his youtube for
anybody it is really really windy right
now while I'm throwing out I got several
versions of hot dogs is bratwurst here
and the guys Yeti sausages there the
burgers will finish melting up here
finishing off the hook and the wind is
just extraordinary I don't like to keep
it closed very long but I'm closing it
so these burgers are done and I'm going
to pop these into the oven it's still
warm from the macaroni very careful ah
maybe she use this it's good oh nice I'm
cooking I'm real good Dave
these are the guys eeny Lyman floral
there's somebody else got to be to
Thor's name on it shit that's all me of
course I'm not saying he made huh
be careful
it's just Gibby cooking with Michael
you're helping cooking them brats I
don't know what to do you need golfing
done so anyone Michael yeah you look
good
pick it up instead work for Japan Oh
eating bright this is a chicago-style
bun also got the sobral sausage rolls
but as dad said it might be a little too
much bread wait okay that was wet I'm a
hundred sure that was wet
you've already frozen dessert dad do
that makes it special for you oh well
this is for you we know you like the red
velvet ball so Brigitte made you a
oversized red velvet ball just for you
well hard but tea won't go through it
oh man that wasn't it that was the
inning yeah here is the real one uh I'll
drop that that's a truck over brownie
it's a chocolate covered brownie that's
blue like it
are you alright though some real desert
dad
no thank you that's all you know more
that's a Walmart purchased cupcake I
don't care anymore I'll trust you look
it's not even open this I don't care
that you got something you wanna buy
don't fuck you know thank you
dad they're literally good trust me all
right so you can get revenge I'm gonna
let you do your three little for this
little piggy story of me dude little
piggy went to market
and then little piggy stayed home and
this is your piggy had roast beef
and then little piggy and fucking nut
thank you
we're not you fuck you want there you go
you know you don't we park in the yard
hey that's gonna lie then eat true well
till oh you're gonna happy Easter happy
Easter dad I took good Oh goodbye so
happy mr. happy your dad
see you better buddy hey fuck you what
about your cell phone oh damn it that's
your remote
is that all out here
