here I got down by the fire
I'm thinking in your smile Oh me oh you
got blood all over him
ah dying dad I'm dying it's my blood ah
okay so snake prank turn tap prank it's
whatever you win I'm sick of it I got
more planned hey I'm taking this table
back
you didn't you Jimmy maybe I am ordered
by gonna read a bit by the snake son bit
me
ji got me hot ah right bring it on bring
it on my veil well how do you feel dad
are you talking to you you may go da
because of the snake Frank you know I'm
scared Epton button yeah I'm literally
scared to death I died today you talk or
what if you dad who nails go bunny shit
I need it nobody will you came back oh
man we should I give this guy's belt
back those nice thinking quick pinion we
didn't plan that one no yeah thank I
just took his Bell off he eat what about
North people man did this Marlowe
somebody he's like around the corner oh
oh
Brady do goddamn damage it doesn't fit
it'll be alright
you can't flip the table that's what
matters I can't lift it so you mad me
still I'll get him you got nothin
telling you this I'm better than a snake
prank plant I got some way back you got
nothing but I am out there a plan for
you you've got nothing how about my uh
prank I got plan for the mmm on
you know the one yeah I know it's not
touching it I got bigger play of you
yeah well we'll see yeah he did saying
it was a snake loose in the trailer park
though
I guess we'll play of you the hell's
that you actually know I'm behind you oh
no other side ah I continue to get you
always judge Kim well you now that was
that was another light one compared to
the one I got to the end of the month
for you hey Bill harsh gulping uh you're
not gonna give you that again the horse
convulsion see that's the thing dad gets
me with his heart attack shit because he
knows that I think about death always
and he knows that it's gonna fuck with
me he knows what I worry about it and is
it every time it'll get me it's whatever
it was a spanakopita teacher told me
about some kind of a $500,000 jorge
paulo gob he said you called him who was
a principal synonym you don't get me
killed
no man I was just checking it was a 500
was 100 I thought is there 1 million
then you were too old to get a 1 million
dollar life insurance policy
why are you ready to be here so dad left
dad has decided he didn't want to be
here anymore and this is the fish tank
that I bought for the snake tically the
thing
holy crap
little does dad know that when he gets
back
we have another video planned for him
dad or grandpa is going on an Easter egg
hunt and he's going on an Easter egg
hunt for his own shit your summer dad
stuff
let's hide one in here you can fit
that's perfect some of these eggs are
prank eggs filled with syrups well you
got over on me today
you got one over on me I'll give you two
and the Easter Egg good so I got you to
the Easter egg hunt that's going up
tomorrow Happy Easter
yeah Happy Easter now are you coming
over to my house for Easter dinner
tomorrow yeah I'll be all about to what
do you want we want to cook food some
murderers burgers brought Burgers and
Fries murrs brought some beer
a little beer now you can't draw drunken
know who's me asking dad about the law
you can't drive drunk right well Happy
Easter dad happy you don't even believe
all this trash on your table I figured
you can either shit with me yeah I am
you want your grass smoke that shit yeah
go ahead
good smug that see how quickly takes
your house to catch on fire Bob Michel
see you tomorrow Bob bye bye go oh and
now I'm saying fuck how about Hanna
record a scene for you for the in
cutscene you okay with that
we talked about remember like I do enjoy
the table you were yelling at me yeah
we'll do that we talked about leaving
one more right now uh ran into a fan who
got his picture taken with me that
always trips me out ran into Tina the
neighbor and she was being crazy and
the line I was noticing she's being a
bitch but I thought it was hilarious we
were on the line and it was packed with
people shopping for Easter Sunday and
she was just screaming at the top of her
lungs you tip over it was not good for
her because the people were scared
I saw people's faces just go I saw one
mom complaining we're all here doing the
same thing well Tina said to move so you
better move that was cool
Thanks getting us to flying Tina haha so
I pulled off the snake prank today got
grandpa into thinking that I died from a
snake bite that is not the only prank
that I pulled today I made grandpa going
to Easter egg hunt for all his own stuff
and that video is going up tomorrow for
Easter I've also got another prank
planned for dad tomorrow for Easter an
actual Easter prank and I'm gonna pull
that up tomorrow I'm not going to say
what it is but it's been a good day for
pranking grandpa the Easter egg hunts
going up tomorrow the snake prank is now
officially up I just made it live and a
good Saturday even better I'm watching
UFC on Fox this is free check it out
it's on Fox right now this is great
Oh bill will sit next to me those cause
what
and saying that please he doesn't like
me ladies if you hate me he hates me
that dog despises the ground I walk on
so apparently some people have left
comments to Bridget saying Lacey's not
included in the vlogs I can't help it
this dog hates me no he doesn't you hate
him
nice little try though his breath stinks
that's one thing hey Belle hey Clyde
what y'all doing we running
you see lazy hates me Bella he's back
say you hate me I knew it God fine Oh
fucking raining I'm sick of this I hate
being wet I told you that well this is
gonna be it it's raining so I put the
camera up wind is blowing settle how
noisy it is if you can hear me or not
but had a great day I was able to prank
that with a snake bite to me one of my
favorite videos I've ever done I loved
it
I saw one personal Facebook Romy not
impressed well I'm impressed because I
fucking died I got bit by a snake and I
died so that's it like subscribe
favorite send me some questions on at
lirik old rap on twitter some questions
on app Bridget twice you won't be
answering this well I'm gonna answer my
own video submit Bridget some questions
on at Bridget west and will answer sure
she'll answer some of those on her
channel coming soon or yours submit
questions to me at lirik old rap and
fidget les can I talk now I want to do
my end plug submit questions to British
punch me the stomach I like catching on
camera um so many questions to me he'll
hear cold wrap back up now it's time to
stop hey stop it
it's time to stop Bella do something
about this Bella bar slid
okay yes I want to get I God gonna lie
