so I woke up Bridget's gone I got the
house to myself when you guys let's go
outside are you doing Bello you're
steering them before well they go oh God
so last night I checked out the TV show
version of Fargo if you haven't seen
Fargo it's a Coen Brothers movie check
it out
FX decided to turn it into a series
starring Billy Bob Thornton and I don't
know the other guy's name he's the guy
from The Hobbit Michele is good dude
it's a really really good show so if you
get a chance check out Fargo what comes
on FX I don't even know what day it
comes on actually I'm have to check it
out when I get on the computer - maybe
I'll update you after I get in the house
but I don't even know what yeah I know
what she had I don't know what day or
time Fargo comes on I just saw it on
demand last night watched it great show
amazing I loved it what's wrong Bella
you look comfortable Bella
Clyde looks company
so right now I'm going to be working on
a grilled chicken on good so we got two
eggs in there into that I'm just gonna
add a little bit of milk I'm just gonna
whip you more out a little bit okay the
butter is not evenly coated throughout
the entire pan so you're gonna take our
eggs you're just gonna pour it in okay
now I'm gonna go ahead and add a little
cheese
then I'm gonna have my chicken and we're
gonna wait a second
there's gonna be the hard part
family is wondering this is the Julia
Child method and I didn't really succeed
at it but it is an omelet
there are plenty other ways to do an
omelet
this was the Julia Child method and
admittedly this was the very first time
I've ever tried to make one and it
didn't really work out the way I wanted
to but regardless it's an omelet mmm is
that like a barbell row jitter you think
it's a wheel oh yeah I think I think you
might be right crap that guy is doing to
me so we're on our way to gamestop right
now looking for a video game something I
don't know just trying to get out of the
house because I'm tired of being cooped
up usually I like it it's my place of
solitude but I like to get out sometimes
and I just want to go to gamestop
there's no good movies outside I want to
go to the movies Birds you wants to go
see oculus the scary thing comes out
April 25th what is it called I forget
look really good yeah I'm sure look so
good you forgot the title I would rather
have my throat slit with a mirror than
see oculus that's just what I'm saying I
hate driving in the rain I hate this so
much
we're on I'm already afraid to be in the
car now it's gotta be raining too so bad
weather conditions what's happening
currently this is it guys we're gonna go
to a ditch or get hit I'm so fuckin
frightened okay
got me Jolly Rancher
the NDS trying to stretch it out as far
as you came out of break it good luck
like Oh what the hell it's freaking
gummy Jolly Rancher bracelet now look at
it whether it's raining like every day
now and if it's gonna be raining away
that tomorrow I'm not gonna be able to
the plane so I'm worried that if it's
raining tomorrow I'm not gonna be able
to do my snake prank on grandpa and I'll
have to wait until Sunday to do it which
is Easter which I had another Easter
prank planned for I was gonna put on his
channel so he made his beginning prank
twice on Sunday I was hoping to space it
out but he might be getting print twice
on Sunday dude I hate the weather so
currently we were at the Sunoco I
decided I don't want to go in I just
don't feel like it but Bridgette is
eternal I was hoping to film her from
the window but this rain is just
bullshit so I'm just waiting on
Bridgette to get back in from the Sunoco
and I just figured I would take the time
to talk to you guys just so first of all
see what you think of what the blogs do
you enjoy them people look at me like
I'm crazy right now actually like what
does that dude doing when the camera I'm
trying to get more comfortable being in
public with the camera I shouldn't have
a problem with it you know that you know
his life people cameras are an everyday
thing now so I shouldn't be
uncomfortable with it so I'm trying to
do what I can to just film in public
sometimes bring the camera in just film
so I was just doing this to first of all
see if you guys are enjoying the blogs I
like to check in on that because if you
don't like them I don't want to keep
doing them if you don't like them so if
you do like the vlogs click the like
button that'll tell us that you do or
don't like them if you guys are enjoying
it just let me know by clicking like
Bridgette just got back from her trip to
the Sunoco I hate being wet good thing
I'm not a woman good thing at that woman
thing ain't permanent it's really funny
this trailer park right here actually
had a very different name what was it
before Richard
saddle bronc so this neighborhood was
called Saddle Brook then over in Saddle
Brook somebody was murdered well you say
was a mother yeah
a mother had gotten murdered been
leaving her her boyfriend and she was
leaving with her seven kids and he shot
her nobody cares about the details all
that matters is somebody died in Saddle
Brook and it was all over the news
murderer and Saddlebrook then a few days
later there was a new sign out in front
of and I said The Gables
cupisz if somebody's driving by it won't
say they won't go that's the murder
neighborhood because that's not called
Saddle Brook
now I don't know that that's why they
renamed their neighborhood but I think
it might have something to do with it
they might go okay guys we got a bad rap
let's change this name because you know
Saddlebrook ain't working for us no more
we got to be the gables now well the day
is over and the horrible horrible rain
is still here
this has been one miserable day you know
I think get a good look at this thing
earlier but this thing sucks I don't
even try anymore this is obviously
something less it will be Christmas and
they made it look like a bunny oh my god
my nail polish is still here I paid
since then how do I get it off maybe not
but I don't I don't gotta explain
nothing to nobody so I guess this is
gonna be it for today happy Good Friday
to those who celebrate it I'm not a
basher of religions I'm not an atheist
I'm an agnostic so I respect people's
views and beliefs and religions so if
you're celebrating Good Friday today
whatever I don't know about about what
you celebrate when it comes to that I
know you can't eat meat I had chicken in
my omelets I hope that wasn't offensive
but happy Good Friday all you guys to
those who celebrate it
are you serious no this has been like
forever this is like the day Jesus died
or something
no just before Easter the Friday before
Easter Jesus died he think he was
supposed to have died and then come back
to life on Easter which the true story
is actually the star of the East and D
anyway it doesn't matter
happy Good Friday to all you guys like
subscribe favorite and I hope I can do
my snake prank on dad tomorrow as long
as this rain doesn't ruin it I never
liked you
I look like Debbie from saying oh you
like goddamn Patil you Pig Porky's
girlfriend dude your dad your dad your
dad you guys all folks
