so I told you guys yesterday I was
waiting for a package to arrive and the
package arrived which means the prank
that I had planned for grandpa is going
down and if you're wondering what the
prank is it's gonna happen probably
tonight maybe tomorrow but I feel safe
and telling you guys now because grandpa
doesn't have a computer right now so he
has no way of checking his Facebook or
Twitter so I don't mind because I know
people are gonna try to ruin it I think
grandpa's gonna find that the gaboon
viper has been living in his house all
along what does that Belle's a snake so
here's the snake I ordered I ordered a
float hey Bella I need this here so I
can get a look at this thing I wanted to
find a realistic-looking a snake and I
finally found one this one looks pretty
good with the idea being the gaboon
viper will be found in grandpa's yard by
an expert and chances are one of us is
gonna get bit and we might die so that's
the prank come in Saturday the gaboon
viper prank I also bought this snake but
something about this one just doesn't
look as good as the other one so this
one unfortunately won't be used maybe
I'll save it and use it for a future
video who knows but this is another fake
snake now it's good the dogs are
freaking out because of the snake it's
not real you guys Bella it's not wreaths
oh now love me I have my snake back
Jesus I'm gonna answer some Twitter
questions here well the peel box work
with me being in Scotland not a service
just the USA only thing
yes Andy the peel box will work for you
for anybody else who's wondering the
peel box will be below in the more
information section and that is where
you can send us letters or anything else
you guys want to send so that's the peel
box and yes it will work if you're in
Scotland this is what comes up on the
akinator for you I think of kid behind a
camera what is that okay let's check it
out has your character really existed
yes you care for mail yes does your
character come from the internet yes
your character linked with videogames
I'll say yes about your character
Swedish no no notnot for minecrafting
yes from American yes I wear glasses no
I don't play League of Legends I'm gonna
say yes to the black hair but yes yes
huh got it and who the hell was that
okay let's try this again this time I'm
gonna do angry grandpa he's our
character a girl no character from
YouTube yes she kept her gamer no he's
your character an adult man yes is your
character a relationship no he's your
character American yes there's a
character I block here no is your
character gay I don't think so
he's your character said it'd be a hot
guy no you should kick him on the forty
years old yes just kicked off his son
yes yes white-haired a parent of a
youtuber yes I got it quick
cool Julian says you are the best on
YouTube man keep up the good work
can I get a shout-out please so shout
out to Julian I'm not sure how to
pronounce a last name Perrault
Julian Perrault not sure well anyway
shoutout to you okay so this guy says I
have the same fear can't look up the sky
I freaked out for some reason I really
don't know what it is
some people send me some links but I'm
not you know it's not that I can't look
out of a window and see this guy if
somebody was out there with me I can
sometimes
look up but if I'm alone and I look up
at the sky I just can't handle it it
freaks me out I don't know what it it
freaks me out I don't know why I can't
look through telescopes without fucking
oh my god I don't know what I don't know
I don't get it I don't know I'm just
terrified of looking in the sky finally
found your guys Twitter I love you and
Grandpa so much can't forget about
Bridget love you guys well thank you for
the support and yes you found my Twitter
that's it for anybody else looking so I
go through the Twitter questions every
day I'm on there a lot of the time now
I'm on Twitter more than I am on
Facebook which is crazy because I like
Facebook I just feel like I don't want
to be on there as much as I want to be
on Twitter so if you guys want to write
me on Twitter or go ahead send me your
tweet sometimes I'll answer them on
video sometimes I just answer you on
Twitter and I feel like I'm talking a
little too fast I need to slow down
so I'm sitting here talking to my sister
on the phone say hello Kim hey I'm
recording this for my daily vlog so be
more entertaining than that because
you're gonna be looked as a failure now
this is the sister that lives in New
York that us our own video before
actually I look like a boy it's your
hair defenders okay
my hair is all crazy this is my sister
Kim by the way yes yeah of course yeah
of course I'm doing this is my daily
life and this is what's happening in it
I do it every day now oh I don't talk to
you enough now yeah so basically you're
just trying to take my video to make it
look at you oh my brother never thought
yeah my brother never talks to me oh my
god my this phone is dirty
any last words watching Desperate
Housewives what season on by now season
3 episode way just let them wipe it down
Clyde's face bulldong problems we had to
use the medicated wipes and Bella is
nowhere to be seen
she's a bounder I caught you bail you're
hiding I found Bella she was hiding this
on the couch
no that was next
yeah come on Bella found a trick or
treats right now wow she is adamant
about this oh she's giving in she's
moving slightly no it's your treat can
you little ears clean down you get
cheeks after yeah she's all right
we leave while you hate it all our
problems
Bulldog problems it's also bad she hates
so much for her health
yeah these treats are Bella's you guys
already had treats yeah
good girl come here good girl
you aren't ready good girl
I guess you can't put lipstick on a pig
you probably good you made a promise in
the back
hey I said go to substation hey you're a
pure substance and that was right no no
but you are you guys go it's got a hit
on Derek Michael go in there crank the
car
