well once again we are at Walmart
seriously Walmart needs to start paying
us how whose you need to read the always
logo anymore look at that looks like a
damn Sun Tan like if you if you leave a
logo on your body and then tan so we're
at Walmart
hey guys dad still believes that I
didn't get him his table which I did I
think you should just sell it he's going
to keep the table the reason I got him
the marble table is because he can't
lift the motherfucker
he can't move it he can't break it that
table is safe good I'm expecting a
package today to be delivered to me for
our prank but I'm gonna pull on grandpa
and I'm not gonna say any more about it
but let's hope my package comes so the
video just went up literally just now
still sending to subscribers currently
why Bridges may call me a whore all day
adjustable a woman once I'm not a Whore
so with the new video up I'd like to
take a second to go ahead and throw in
some deleted scenes just stuff that I
didn't use I don't know how much there
is maybe there's one minute maybe
there's two minutes maybe there's five
to ten minutes I don't know whatever
there is I'm gonna go ahead and throw in
the deleted scenes right now so we're
still gonna the buzz oh no so we're at a
red light I want it to be green as soon
as possible
this cars looking come on gree what's
going on oh man oh there's gonna be some
boat right next to us
nether is not oh shit this is really
creepy I need green I need a green light
hey girl
so runaway the substation I don't know
where dad is you want me to do something
to him hi sweetheart
you know that's a big waste of time
maybe can't talk with a man I said ha
you gotta smell like that the whole time
hello no I got up come on man this is
enough already is that here yeah he's
here
this aint funny he went all out we catch
it Smith what are you like I'm wired the
bathroom come on man we're at running
business there's a hand over hand well
big fat woman really hard to find
ha ha
yeah yeah
show you away
later over I veto pen
yeah yeah
are you shot there
everybody likes crossdresser
bring me some Omega
you know mommy of a whore jerk you can
use the women's bathroom now
yeah go changer alright let's make the
deal we're going in there right and I'm
gonna do shoes with shell and you're
gonna hit on dare hit on them how I want
to kiss out of me ah you're caught in a
trap
you can't walk out cuz you the others
woman ever seem fair they're a mom like
you or I fight you pick up every woman I
know ding I'll be goddamned getting John
good ball Dairy Queen looking as off me
give me a hug yeah yeah yummy but when I
got em lips tickle your blood look at
them I guess you can put this tick on
Pig ah I don't want to do this let's go
do you hang on don't know
get the hell you probably do it you made
a promise never gonna back ain't gonna
do it
I said go to substation and you reckon
something else we done up the deal was
you gonna go ahead and try to hit on
Derek Michael go in there crank the
carbon just a nod have done it what play
you lost so you got a done it
ah let's go come on why are you just
like Elvis
I would be great we'll move it what's
going on gals it's me pickle girl here
and I'm gonna teach you today how to do
makeup like a real woman so first step
is your lipstick so you want to just do
this and do like that and make sure gets
all over your lips
I look like Madonna
I look good what else we got here what
is this what is this well today it's
gonna be on my eyelashes girl you are
ready to hit the town is that enough can
I go now this sucks
what like this got it nailed it there's
totally a thumbnail here we go I'm
sitting you're hitting on Derek now
start yeah when I swore my makeup around
there well hey there Bella just good to
see you too
sup quad
five limpin isn't he come here Clyde
what's wrong buddy why you live before
this chairs just become Bella's
plaything
so my package came today so I am going
to be doing a prank on grandpa coming
soon I'm probably going to do it very
soon because some people are gonna try
to guess what the prank is and they're
gonna tell him so I'm gonna have to do
it soon probably gonna put it up on
Saturday for now I'm gonna go walking
got some water gonna go walking bridgie
ready how we doing I'm ready so it's
actually kind of cold it's a lot colder
than I thought but this is gonna be
heads thanks for watching you guys
hopefully you like the video where I
seduced Erick my god my favorite video
in case we're wondering the line that I
used on Derek was let me cut to the
chase I want your meat between my buns
yeah I said that to Derek so like
subscribe favorite and thanks to
everybody who likes and shares the
videos and we appreciate it
follow me every channel Bridget for me
to give while I'm giving a message to
you the fans thank you for all your
shares and likes and support and Bridget
has to interrupt with follow me I'm glad
that's more important let's see you guys
thanks for watching and see you tomorrow
I know you didn't load up his personal
stuff well are you gonna hold on
ah this guy how would you use one yogurt
yes food I can't do this man boom to dig
dus on you ass put all banging in body
lotion
