Bela's just watching me from the door so
bridget is watching teen moms this Teen
Mom 16 and pregnant so I quit licking
the cow well you want some attention do
I see Liv whoa all right
smells excited you are in a playful mood
today
so yesterday we said that if a video
gets a lot of likes Bridget will cut my
hair shaving your head and it's gonna
hurt we have not checked the likes yet I
have huh maybe I like 2,700
oh my god 3277 like sixty-three dislikes
means I gotta do it means we're just
gonna cut my hair yeah wait
Val you know there's like a creature on
the chair right okay Bella does no idea
that a lizard off she knows oh my god on
the ground so I got to cut my hair first
of all I'm not gonna let Bridget cut my
hair because I don't trust her to do it
it's on you
Yeah right what is where Michael I know
I'm too frightened to do it put it on
the tree and I'll come so bridges doing
her what she can to scare me with lizard
oh that you had it hey there you go you
go live now
so I'm gonna go cut my hair what huh go
to use bathroom I heard I didn't say
anything else
look I'll just take a bell upstairs okay
I'll come with you
why so I can cut your hair Bridget
enough I'm gonna cut my own hair
no I'm cutting you up ah it hurts so bad
go slow
oh my dad you're right yeah you're gonna
know what is wrong you're still doing it
so obviously not you gotta go slow
you'd be a bellhop just cut my fucking
hair dude seriously
Oh baby bro I guess you got to leave the
house do my hair this was a bad yeah
watch for the first ten minutes where
you ripping my hair out for it was when
you start to plow through my hair
damn got long hair be careful of my ears
ah my fuckin ear
I'll do the ear area the weather is
horrible again last night the weather
did this thus making me miss the Eclipse
and now is doing it again thus making me
miss the day I hate that's whether I'm
gonna film that tree in a few minutes
for the end cutscene on my way to Dad's
house right now I ordered him a new
table yes I did I would have grandpa a
new table and it's supposed to have been
delivered today he hasn't called me or
thanked me so I don't know if it's been
delivered Michael I'm not talking to you
for sure then so I'm Way ahead dad's
house right now to see his new table see
what he thinks of it or to go in this
time he's gonna want to break this one
yeah what's your bang I love America
answer to tell me you mean a fan yeah
the guy they delivered it again did I
know named by fans attending I sent it
to you is in these shit you eat every
night midnight
yes I'm not one to get you through no
way you sit as my fans fitness dummy dad
man whoever you are
grandpa thank you from the bottom is art
and you knew I would I could beat him
hit I keep why did he gun why did he a
chance marble where do you chose this
one you didn't do it I did to do it I
wish a fantasy a band did sendeth table
dad I got you a marble table that what
you can't flip it anymore
the fans know sorry for bad boy and got
me a table with six chair what do you
think it was a fan
I'm so happy you were never done this I
did do I even got a jump ship a yard
sale
you said you know what no from yard so
smart you gotta you gotta be more calm
down I got it for you a bag got me this
you're never making to eat them well
that's bullshit I don't have it you know
you know what if you don't know I'm I
haven't taken back and taken my out you
didn't you better have to tell Jo
coaster the ones in Entebbe not you know
he did I was like no don't do it but he
did it
Willie Willie are silly clutch much
thank you so much well leaving and I
won't be back he promised well it went
by the way fan thank you so much for
that table and chair it was nothing my
god brother bottom my heart I want to
thank you you know was me right you know
what's bullshit and I'm not you would
have sent me not like that well people
don't come back and pick it up tomorrow
until you acknowledge dhola's to him
y'all just let me have it
thank you okay shine your head looking
bitch I ain't had none you need Jesus
right you don't back you here for once
out with a Brigid cut it I'm looking
over John spiders Daniel well you get a
scar from you I'll do that when you were
little probably probably crack me in the
skull with something I probably did I
know you left me one of these scars on
my forehead will you through the glass
at my face
Johnny's got one of me Friday be right
there you got almost imagine one God
well that's it goodbye
you're walking for the table go over it
you're welcome yeah thank you paying ha
ha
you got him fuck that hurt
your wife I sure will oh no Michael no
mio
what are you doing
