who are you guys going out oh you'll
take the seat before I can excuse me
I'll let you sit down please thank you
hey card so it's another day another
vlog my beard is gone I shaved it for
the substation video and Bridget shave
my head okay if you want Bridget to
shave my head tomorrow on video click
like yeah and if there's not a lot of
likes I will not be shaving my head
Michael so I don't know if you guys saw
it yet or not but there is a gaboon
viper loose and Mount Pleasant I filmed
a video with dad which I don't know if
you've seen me at or not but dad was
looking around his yard for the gaboon
viper take a look at this club Oh Daniel
stuff at home what a limb it looks like
that - it's called a kaboom kaboom
so the gaboon viper is loose and not
pleasant I heard it seriously poisonous
and something tells me it's gonna be
found in grandpa's front yard call me
crazy I don't know
you'll see Oh sly megiddo boy you are
nasty antacid chloride you'll be taking
antacid pills Clyde
well currently we're dealing with
Bulldog problems without these medicated
face wipes that we got to clean the
folds out with you got to clip their
nails gotta clean out their ears that's
the one thing that I'll tell you about
owning a bulldog is that they come with
so many issues but they're so good
they're worth you're a bell no cancer
cried
one more Bella oh so I have people that
always ask me what program did I use to
edit videos with so I'm going to show
you in the process of me editing the
vlog for dead today I use Sony Vegas Pro
12 and being that it's touchscreen I'm
gonna try this out today we're back at
Walmart again as we do this is our thing
we go to Walmart everyday now it's crazy
seems like what are we here for
I gotta get Pepsi for Clyde oh yeah he's
you know the vet told us to give quite
antacid pills so that's what we're gonna
do she said he could take pepcid pepsin
EC or just pepsin I guess how do you
know if they are pets that are pepcid ac
pepsin is a popular product how do you
know there's as there to friends like
pepsin pepcid ac this is me when you get
the pets that are pepcid ac I'm serious
and this is you angel Burchard more
Pepsi you me Pepsi Junko
she lost sitting here watching Monday
Night Raw with Bella who's your favorite
Bella you like Adam Rose party Bella
gilma party but hey Bella what do you
think want money that raw tonight what
do you think
are you a Paul Heyman guy or girl so
it's about 1:30 in the morning and
tonight we're supposed to have some sort
of Blood Moon
it's lunar eclipse where the moon is
supposed to turn red so I'm gonna
hopefully catch that either it's gonna
be a fail or it's gonna be a win by the
way I'm excited it is 1:30 now which
means I should be starting and by 3
o'clock it should be at its reddest oh
you've got to be kidding me right now my
view of the moon is being blocked by
clouds I really hope that clears up
because that is gonna suck you know try
to wake up Bridget
see if she wants to look at some of
these clouds in the sky that hides the
moon
beeping did I wake you Bob
oops sorry about yeah see you wanna wake
up see going to wake up bye papa
can we just get out and shut up
well Bridget didn't get up as expected I
had this thing where I'm actually afraid
to look at the sky alone I don't know
what it is I look up at the stars and I
get scared to death I don't know what it
is so this is actually terrifying for me
right now but I know that's where I
don't know if anybody else suffers from
this but I find it really hard to look
at the stars without getting scared
these clouds I've gotta pass this is
really stupid it's really disappointing
it was really hoping that I'd be able to
see it look this is how I see right now
completely ridiculous Wow
did you look at that so I can finally
see the sky right now I know wait a
minute what am i doing that I'm some in
the sky right now shit and it's starting
to rain so with this rain falling from
the sky I can officially say that I will
not be able to see the Eclipse yep so I
missed it maybe I'll be alive in another
five hundred years I don't know well as
the rainfall gets lateral around me it
becomes apparent that that's it
so no lunar eclipse for me well
like subscribe favorite and I hope that
all you guys got to see it
move your ass snake your Bible that's
they just move that advocate Viper
garlic abou for blooms would you tell me
a recharge
