hell is it don't you achieve me what I
made you break the other one did not
yeah yeah yeah okay
what'd I do chill out for a second what
are you getting us you can leave
oh yeah the new 2014 yeah we're the new
mom you didn't get it resolved is your
army
who's the damn vault right there like a
way to even do this ah ah I gotta read
baby I am baby don't punish you want
quick freshen up my house don't you tell
anything
I bought it put in mine now damn they're
shiny
okay oh do it
fufu is not one room yes it's a really
nice TZ what a boy why don't you take
ours and I'll take this one
how much you should Maya we have a nice
TV hi Randy hi I read the punch bowl
well do it warned go away mama mama
hi Donna ah blossom my love I am blind
by I'm in bridges I got a plasma high
near a diploma
ah
you know what the hell you're doing I'm
seniors and go hello read the directions
I know what to do I got a brand new Baba
Thank You Bridget I know you rich I got
it I'll take it he would give me damn
people oh I was trying to tell not to
because you're just gonna break it your
brain my alright now you don't think my
goddamn heart I thought you and a heads
up going I thought we were but you leave
me hanging a go Bobby
let me ask you a question I want to do
it with Phillip oh why that because you
didn't if you got in head yeah hey now
now oh look a retard
got it I really think we should take
this one we're going I didn't tell you
we're pranking you Foss Orioles goddamn
help you my olive branches are out here
okay to pitch for one nothing yeah yeah
yeah hi the PS book Seaforth there you
blame me for that she told me that if
you help me I'll get you a new TV no not
too much
you're lying you're lying you're lying
you're lying you're lying you're July
the TV was my idea though yeah exactly
because yeah because Gigi put the idea
in your head he practically forced me to
prank if it might have been in your
right here TV you're a liar
you told me you okay to forgive your TVs
it if I told you were pregnant at PS for
you matter more liar what do you think I
did it gonna you can show a little can
you like say thank you or something
Rochelle you stay out of this thank you
no go ahead
I love you Michael made out of working
things out I don't want you so that
means you can break up with me God God
help the Sheep
no comment position I never read even my
pen but now things why because you're a
manipulator you're going to hell you're
going to hell you're going to hell oh
well well well what we're doing wrong
huh okay you'll break it
hi yeah you do that
history big so at the time that's been
said in this room fuck you fuck him ah
Fox News turn up again he'll lose wrap
it up for you
this was being said right now Obama is
the Antichrist and he killed oh my god
yeah
you believe it wasn't yet hey Fox News
says it hi the box dude hit my picture
can you get him out okay so it's time to
answer some Twitter questions Cecil says
I've been having a rough time after my
surgery and I wanted to tell you how
much you and the anger grandpaw make me
smile well I appreciate that I don't
know what kind of surgery you had but
hope everything's better now sorry to
say this but I just see some of your
videos on YouTube just have to say you
look like a fat spoiled five-year-old
grow up
no smokey the bandit says I need a
shout-out okay you're gonna demand one
no not gonna give you one I need a
shout-out okay boogie2988 says it's good
seeing mom in a video heart
I agree but he it is it was good seeing
mom in a video and thank you for the
support I'm a big boogie fan I like the
Francis videos and of course
grandpa has responded to you before so
thanks for the support and thanks for
the shoutout
okay this guy really wants to be in the
video JJ Pascoe
gph EP which you know about me you guys
are awesome
say my name in the video please shout me
out I love you abridging grandpa shout
me out come on where's the video where
is the video where the fuck is the video
on me so that guy wants to be in the
video so there you go
even 21-point spam spam spam this guy
here tweeted a picture this is one of
the people that met me at WrestleMania
I'm sorry I don't know how to pronounce
your last name man Adam Trey week well
yeah yeah this is this is one of the
guys that I took his picture with me at
WrestleMania let me go ahead and retweet
those I remember this guy I was watching
the show and I was talking to my friend
Connelly who went to the show with me
and I was hearing somebody talking and I
look over and it was this guy and I was
shocked because you know I did get
noticed a lot out in the line and I
didn't get noticed you know waiting to
get in but this guy spotted me at my
seats between 75,000 people this this
kid found me and it was actually pretty
cool so it was nice meeting you man and
thanks for tweeting me the picture are
you and Grandpa still gonna have that
cook-off eventually yes we will have a
cook-off but I don't want to do it right
now because I got somebody pranks
planned lucre hi check you know some of
you people ask me why do I replace the
things that dad destroys dad destroyed
his own TV while I buy him another one
the answer is because he's my father I
love him no matter what no matter what
he does he's destroy some shit he's
still gonna be my father no matter if he
pulls a prank on me and I'm mad about it
he's my father
he breaks his own television he's my
father and a lot of people say oh he's
not gonna learn one way he ain't a kid
he broke it it sucks
I'm gonna replace it because I love my
dad and I want him to have things that
make him happy
is what I do but your hand
fuck this house
Bella hey he met with the light
well if s she be gosh she does not want
me out here but what she won't see
inside what happened what the hell
Bella what happened he loving me the
other day that gone already
oh I think it's gone dude I hate daddy's
hand he use it a wipe his ass with it
I'm gonna cry
okay Bella I love you so could you not
do that so I promised dad that I was
going to get him back for hiding my ps4
all around Charleston I told him he's
getting pranked again and he is it's
time to meet grandpa's new roommate your
mom won't you say hello hi
