sitting here with Grandpa right now you
guys sitting in his room
do you wonder what that noise is it is
the oxygen machine and I'm sitting here
and he looks at me and he says when can
I be in a vlog and and I promise that
the second that I'm talking to him and
it feels like I'm talking to Grandpa
again that's when I put him on the vlog
guys that's today yes that's a great day
today is a great day
so guys first time you know what has
been a month it's been a long time for
some in a month and we Grampa
what's going on you guys give me on a
camera here
right there and today is our anniversary
today is November the 16th which you
guys is our anniversary you know nine
years ago today something happened I
wouldn't saw the movie Zack and Mary and
it was not good it was no it was not
good oh really good also I went on a
date with Bridget guys me and Bridget
went on our first date or no was it the
15th yes we went on the 15th started
dating on the second I don't care okay
none of that matters today the whole
thing means nothing else it was official
on the 16th so guys we officially
started dating nine years ago today we
had breakups yeah we had fights of
course she wouldn't jail of course it
happens guys every relationships that
happen guys if you're in a relationship
where one of you doesn't go to jail like
right are you really dating to begin
with right guys it has to be nonviolent
of course right nonviolent yeah I'm not
I'm not supporting violence no today is
our anniversary and hopefully by the end
of this vlog also the return of Grandpa
and vlogs I'm really worried now you
know today I tried calling him and I
didn't answer so I'm kind of worried
that he's not gonna be in the vlog don't
say it look I'm allowed to have
reservations and worries guys hopefully
today is the return of anger grandpa but
either way its my anniversary Bridget I
love you I love you too let's get this
cooking vlog / grandpa hopefully /
anniversary started this is my favorite
day of the year
of course she waits for this all year I
do it's really pathetic no one isn't
we're gonna be cooking a little bit of
anniversary dinner you guys in just a
second but before we do that I wanted to
take a minute to hype the grampa store
because guess what's coming you guys
Christmas
okay I don't know where that's coming
from guys christmas is coming up
anyway guys we've got a brand new store
just in time for Christmas if you
haven't seen it yet please go check it
out we got brand new shirts we got
grandpa's shirts we've got camera crew
shirts we've got angry grandpa hats
hoodies guys we've even got an angry
grandpa themed holiday sweatshirt if you
want to get any of this the link is
below kids do not steal your parents
credit cards okay please just go ask
them just like hey I want to join the
camera crew I want to join grandpa's
army get me this shirt get it for me for
Christmas now take them guys don't
really do that if you don't want the
shirt don't get it but if you want to
join up and you want to be part of the
camera crew or grandpa's army the link
is below so you can get some shirts just
in time for Christmas
seriously it's out of control
let's get some cooking you're so cute I
love this tablecloth between every year
yeah it'd mean so much to me this is the
first one right yeah yep
one dragged up or down so we'll get it
made up in just a few minutes table
happy Anniversary happy anniversary
let's get to cooking the first thing
that we're gonna cook today you guys is
the salad now I know a lot of people
think that salads are nothing it's just
lettuce it's a little flavor guys you
can make a salad awesome you can make a
salad where it's not healthy which is
born alone what I'm doing today guys
this is a Caesar salad with bacon and
avocado I'm gonna show you a delicious
salad the entire dinner you guys the
rest like everything that we're making
today comes from tasty and if you don't
know what tasty is you're just
misremembering because you've seen tasty
tasty do those like minutes a two minute
video showing you a quick little recipe
from overhead and they show you and they
look delicious and amazing this salad
was one of them let's make it we start
off at the heart of
romaine lettuce now they chopped it up
themselves I'm okay this is a mess this
was happening you're operating a camera
while trying to make a salad so all
right boom first step done lettuce next
up we're adding some Parmesan cheese
right to this now that might even be too
much I'm not gonna keep adding harm okay
give this a good mix fresh avocado
chopped up lightly salted and peppered
get off the point now fresh bacon and no
this is not bacos you guys this is real
bacon I've cooked it I've chopped it up
this is gonna be leftovers to sprinkle
over the top here we go this is the
avocado lettuce Parmesan cheese mix it's
already looking like a delicious salad
plutons yes best part of a salad piece
of bread the next step is absolutely
critical if you want a delicious salad
it's the lifeblood switch to a bigger
bowl because you misinterpreted the size
of the salad now we're adding some of
that creamy Caesar dressing boom we're
using kins this is one that we like
gonna go ahead and mix it around now
there's more to do but that's gonna be
when it's time to serve it so for now
we're gonna sit it in the refrigerator
please have room no we don't let's
figure it out anyway know what is all
come on there we go it's clean wherever
you are up time to start the main course
guys today we are making a cajun chicken
alfredo pasta mom looks absolutely
delicious I've never had it before
Bri just never had it before let's get
this thing started our first step is
olive oil we're just gonna toss it in
there fair amount of olive oil followed
by sausage
and some chicken you're gonna coat the
sausage then we're gonna add a little
bit of golf
chickens about halfway you guys add some
fresh garlic yeah I didn't cut it
I used this stuff it's easier but it's
the same Madison College this would give
this a good stir next up we're adding
cajun seasoning so let's go ahead and
use that not too much this stuff is why
you see I don't think I actually spray
yeah I don't really know I think it's
this occasion other way add it coated
now we're gonna add two cups of heavy
cream right to all that chicken and
sausage occasion seasoning guys now this
you're gonna let come to a boil so this
is what we're looking at right now I'm
about to pass out this looks way too
delicious hey I know it's gonna be
amazing I never have it you never had it
you never know so now we bring this to a
boil you don't taste though this was
really quick dude it's boiled really
fast now we're gonna add our noodles
we're gonna go ahead and stir it up to
coat them looking good it smells amazing
almost done folks getting close next up
one cup Parmesan cheese because you know
everything's better with Parmesan cheese
oh yeah I ain't anymore some fresh
parsley you don't have to have attached
to a bunch of stuff like I do by the way
this is fresh parsley it sweated down a
little bit this is what we're looking at
virgin house a lot it looks incredible
it's fast so there it is folks
we'll be back we're gonna let simmer
we're gonna let it thicken this is cajun
chicken pasta
it's time to perfect these salads
Bridget oh my gosh these oh how did I
get so lucky here we go folks
shaved Asiago oh my god I'm good oh my
gosh you are if you just look at this
tell us the best salad you ever gonna
have it is the best salad I've ever
gonna have and of course we'll fresh
bacon let me go Bridget oh man blew this
oh man this is a pasta right here Wow
hey guys it was so super easy
like seriously oh my gosh I want to make
this tomorrow okay
now that a little more of this fresh
asiago a little bit of parsley oh my
gosh and Bon Appetit
come this way towards our table shall we
oh my gosh
king of anniversary yes what does this
look like what this is good I know this
is awesome
we'll be back why is it so hard all
right guys pickle boy is trying to get
drunk this is cranberry cherry very big
check every year and I think I fall for
it every no but this time it's real well
one of these oh I'll be back
happy Anniversary Bridget happy
Anniversary Michael oh let's taste this
I'm very good are we filming
oh yeah I'll take some cranberry when we
leave here we're gonna see grandpa so
great day Bridget thank you for nine
years I love you I love you thank you
for being my best friend for nine years
I didn't hear what you said anymore
okay I gotta turn this camera off cuz I
need that no guys
best boss I ever made this is the best
pasta I ever made
really yeah I got to try this dinner was
freakin delicious guys if you ever get a
chance to make that pasta make it it's
amazing super amazing I can make it
tomorrow that and chicken wings the same
possibly just had again tomorrow yeah
well I made we're not doing that guys
right now we're on our way to see
grandpa and I'm hoping that he's gonna
be on vlog I don't want to make any
promises like I told you before you know
he may be tired he made look am I
talking too much thank you you're
worrying way too much this is a reason
to work I know but there's no way he
went from yesterday I know I know
all right guys here we go on the way to
see grandpa hopefully this is the return
guys I'm not even gonna tell him a try
reverse way he will be furious that I
came to see him if it was our
anniversary he'll be furious so guys
we're on our way to McDonald's first he
wants a filet-o-fish sandwich then we're
gonna go see grandpa so hopefully this
is it hopefully this is the return
hopefully grandpa's on this vlog we'll
find out in a second
you you got like white sauce all over
your face
oh good you want you want a napkin or
somethin
look well it is crazy to talk to you and
actually have a conversation again
you're young is amidst you and the
comeback you've made is insane yes
everyone's missed you
I'm come back even more what because he
told me he wants to be like good enough
to break a TV and as I hate let's say
we're gonna bring TVs we're gonna bring
TVs into this let's just one day at a
time let's just enjoy it but I know he's
enjoying that that's grandpa's favorite
food right there the fish sandwich for
McDonald's good well dad it's good
talking to you everyone's gonna be
really surprised that this is in the
vlog I I didn't expect to be vlogging
you like again so this is good to talk
to you man that's good to see you
hope you feeling better I've missed the
youngins well they miss you man and the
thing is and I know you've been mad at
me for not filming yeah okay I get that
but even you gotta admit you hadn't been
right hold on even when you thought you
were right you weren't right so this is
a monumental moment so very happy
somebody's here Oh
nurses here nurse just left you guys
gonna finish talk little grandpa before
we get out of here well not gonna leave
ever get out of here on vlog just wanted
to say you know man thank you hope
you're sticking with me you want to fix
them glasses yeah there you go I want to
thank you all for sticking with me
without you all I could never meet I
have to have y'all what about me I Love
You Man
I've got to have you oh wow no Bridget -
it's a whole new grandpa hold it grandpa
Oh new grandpa yeah until you get home
and you hate us again yeah I can't do it
I can't make it without you Mike and
then we get home what happened to my
cheese damn Mike I need to find my team
what's that cheese where are your teeth
then as well what isn't it crazy Lauren
that we're actually able to sit here and
have a conversation with him like this
it's this is this is the most different
he's been yet yeah you were right Lauren
texted me and said that she talked to
you this morning and yeah it was like
talking the old you and she sure is
right it really is you're back to your
old self pretty close have you come for
me
well we're gonna cover this up you guys
you wanted grandpa
here he is what do you think about going
on a tour of this place going where go
on a tour of this place not today but
like tomorrow go anywhere you guys it's
back the white button if you want to see
the tour we'll be back
back home from the rehab you guys that
went like so much better than I expected
I'm so happy dad
thank you so much for you know fighting
as hard as you have thank you guys for
pushing him as hard as you have guys
it's time for us to cook a little bit of
dessert dad this isn't celebration to
you it's time for a little bit of cookie
let's do this
guys first thing I've done is I've taken
cookie dough and I flattened it out from
this pan next straight up adding
chocolate right in the middle just like
that wait this is gonna be so good okay
now we're just gonna cover it I'm ready
nice thing what now we're gonna bake it
I don't know how long so it'll just
Brown it's gonna be gooey in the middle
we'll put an ice cream over it and we're
putting caramel over it we'll be right
back it is dessert time right now you
guys we got a little bit of cookie cake
and Harry Potter light is good check
this out you guys this is how it comes
out of the oven oh my goodness so what's
gonna cut is gonna be gooey that's one
of the things you want look at that
really gooey okay and crispy so cookie a
fresh scoop of ice cream goes right over
the top of that and some caramel goes
right over the top of that and there you
have it guys
chocolate chip cookie baked with ice
cream and caramel oh yeah remember that
bacon
now it's done chocolate-chip cookie
baked with vanilla ice cream caramel
bacon bacon
that was our anniversary that was the
vlog guys it feels so good to be able to
jump grandpa in and but just see his
excitement and his happiness it's unlike
anything that we've had in the past
couple of weeks so dad I love you I do
want to take a minute to talk to Bridget
directly it is like 3 o'clock in the
morning right now you guys and I wanted
to wait specifically for her to fall
asleep so I can record this Bridget
thank you so much for having me back on
MySpace that day you know back in 2008
life wasn't going that great for me uh
I'd lost a really big paying job I
didn't lose a job I worked with Paul
Heyman at the time but we found this
like gig and it was supposed to pay out
really huge and I didn't get it
and I was depressed and my girlfriend
cheated on me and I was depressed and I
didn't have any friends and I was
depressed and in game you and you
changed my life so thank you so much for
everything you've done for me I love you
so much
like I don't express it all the time but
I do you put up with a lot of crap
mostly be mostly because I'm hangry
because I get angry all the time like
get away from me if there's nothing to
eat now you know you put up with it and
I love you for it you know I'm glad you
love the flowers I'm glad you love the
Jason figurine you know I wanted to do
more for you but thank you so much for
the love and the support you've given me
over the years I love you so much I hope
I can find ways to give that back to you
I'm getting out of here thanks for
watching you guys Bridget I love you
happy Anniversary guys we're getting out
of here thanks for watching what a great
vlog great cooking great fun with that
in a row and a lot of
times what Bridget so thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite and
remember if you want some awesome
merchandise for Christmas
shut that thing up click the link below
because we have a whole bunch of new
stuff
