some dogs sub bellow
Ella hates his chair so much this chair
of the working in her life so I've been
home for a day now and the first thing
that happened was I found out about the
death of the Ultimate Warrior which is
crazy it's still unimaginable to me you
know that he's gone because we just saw
him Monday night and I guess people are
saying it and look good people saying he
looks sick
I didn't think so but you know what do I
know I saw alive I haven't even seen
Patel telecast yet so I don't know how
he looked it's just crazy to think that
in a span of a day something like that
could happen
I cried morning good morning Clyde
morning bill the tree is starting to
bloom again I know this how it's
supposed to look this is sort of like
that dinosaur on Jurassic Park with like
the face just opened up so Bridget has
been rewatching the TV show Desperate
Housewives we are on the first season of
it I say we're because now I'm watching
it too yeah I watched an entire day
that's her house why why are you ruin
and it seriously past the time just like
that Desperate Housewives what is this I
gotta admit I don't hate the show it's
not a horrible show it's for women this
little pig you enough to eat what this
little pig watch Desperate Housewives
this little piggy you called me a piggy
no I'm just doing it a little bit little
piggy stuff
yeah dad used to do that it's cute yeah
actually a couple months ago you were
telling me a story about how your dad
used to do that with you
and the we-we-we part Bridget would go
wait
and it was unbeknownst to me that that
game was used for loving purposes when
you were children I know my mom did it
well your mom I didn't know that that
was story the little piggy thing was
used for loving stuff because dad would
use it for evil this is the loving
version this little piggy hat wait how
does how does it go the real one this
piggy once toes no there's a real sorry
this little piggy went to the market
this little piggy stayed home
this little piggy had roast beef
and this little piggy had none in this
little piggy went wee wee all the way
home I did not know it went that way
this is the version I learned going up
this little piggy got pussy
this little piggy got none this poppy
guys dicks up this little pig got fucked
up and then he would grab my last finger
and go and this little piggy and he
would bend it as hard as he could I'll
go all the way home I didn't know that
it was used for loving me I didn't know
my version was getting my finger bent
until I screamed hey Claude
hello What's Up boy I don't know what
Claude is doing he looks menacing don't
talk to me or talk about me a little
shudder didn't open up those waters like
he's never shadow
oh yeah look desperate house will
heights I can't wait to watch toys glory
done get lazy kisses wants for your
daily vlog if I don't like why easy dude
why cuz he's needy and yappy that was
Bella and Clyde no Claude could be left
alone if you want Claire's gonna vet
tomorrow you going to vet tomorrow I'd
do it for the vlog I'm gonna do it do it
God don't you know that name he just
keep saying do it for the vlog do for
the vlog I'm gonna do it you go you
don't know that
now help okay you say I'm going to stop
that now you say I ain't gonna do it I'm
gonna do it for the vlog
do it do it for the vlog you can do it
do for the vlog do it now you know what
do it for the vine I'm gonna do it do it
for the vine I go all right go ahead
hey all right I've had enough of this
dog yeah I don't hate him why he hates
me huh
why is he touching me why did you hate
him
this dog does not like me at all so I
just wanted to spend a couple of minutes
here at the end of the video to first
tell everybody yes I am gonna be doing
the video where I dress up like a woman
and I go to the substation and I hit on
Derek not sure what I'm gonna call it
yet a pickle boy seduces Derek maybe oh
this is gonna suck IRA I don't want to
do it I don't like dressing up like a
woman I don't think I made a very good
looking woman but I'm gonna do it I left
out a piece of video from the vlog
yesterday that I actually wasn't gonna
include it because it's a little messed
up but I'm screw it why not
but whatever check it out here is the
part that I took out hey where's your
letter from your mama
what god damn but my cigarette go I
don't know am it burn Malaga Jesus made
some little catch on fire purple
bye dear damn got a spotter looking
bitch I'll order some food when I was in
New Orleans
Oh God you better
I learned voodoo in New Orleans you an
idiot this is horrible
well it cool a good girl from but like I
said I just wanted to take this last
couple of minutes just to talk and thank
you guys for all the liking you've been
doing and watching the videos and
sharing them my video views have just
gone way up because of the vlogs and
it's because you guys have been wanting
to watch them and you guys been liking
them and commenting it's great and I
appreciate it and tomorrow I'm going to
be answering some Twitter questions so
if you want to get some tweets in I will
be at lyric old rap it'll be at the
bottom if you click more info you'll see
the information so that's it like
subscribe favorite and cue the cutscene
