what's going on you guys can be on a
camera here and I just uploaded by a
Wrestlemania video I literally uh click
the upload button it's typed in the
information and I went to wwe.com and I
read the news that the ultimate warrior
has passed away and I have no words for
that because he just got inducted into
the Hall of Fame on Sunday night he was
recognized for his achievements to the
world of professional wrestling
he got inducted into the highest
accolade the W he has to offer
on Sunday night last night I saw him on
Raw
I guess which would have been his very
last you know appearance on Monday Night
Raw he was there and he looked good and
he sounded good and he was he was the
ultimate warrior again and he was
entertaining and I can't even believe
that a day after I just saw him he's
gone so I wanted to take a minute to say
rest in peace to the Ultimate Warrior
you know you you were an inspiration to
a lot of people you had a you know a
rocky career in the WWE for a while but
she came back and everything was made
right and I'm really happy that you were
able to be inducted into the Hall of
Fame before your passing so you could
actually see how many people actually
cared I'm glad you were able to see on
Monday night how many people you could
still bring to their feet they were
screaming for you and I don't know how
you died but I can't even believe that
it's actually having I can't believe I'm
saying this because I mean I know me
seeing you last night didn't help any
but it's shocking nonetheless to think
that two days in a row you were right
there and the next day you're gone so
rest in peace to the Ultimate Warrior
that's all that's all you can say rest
in peace
