this would now count as the second time
Bridget has not met with me
when I got off my flight she's not she's
never there this is the second time she
doesn't care while I'm in the car with
Bridget hey first time seeing her in
four days I act like it's like been a
lifetime there's more guys she didn't
meet me at the terminal I didn't know
you wanted me to
that's what happy people do I didn't
know that's what you want me to do so
I'll just like chill in the parking lot
I walk out there and I see Flannery
people hugging each other I missed you
so much and then you know getting the
bags there he is right there hey whole
family's meeting everybody then there's
me oh I'm sorry Hickey hey where is she
she must be way to the terminal still no
I get out there's Bridget sitting
sitting in her car in the parking lot so
I just got back from New Orleans went to
Wrestlemania went to Monday Night Raw
the next night I'm happy affair it was a
great - I loved I Love New Orleans it
was a beautiful place so I'm just gonna
cut right to it let's go ahead and take
a look at some of my WrestleMania
footage
can we lean
Russell
yes
John kena
job and bitch
oh my god
shocking
can you believe
you going
amazing
so Resta maybe just ended Daniel Bryan's
champion Undertaker's streak is over
great way off Scecina with some bullshit
that was good shit best wrestling ever
its face up there dude I'm going to
watch it again but I'm pretty sure it's
up there Wow
the streak is a last wish - but that is
the slice the best that's the bookmark
of the night
now that you've seen the Wrestlemania
footage let's take a look at some of the
stuff that I shot at Monday Night Raw
the next night which was oh my god good
Oh
Oh
Oh swing
Oh
keyonna is making oh hey hello father
you back out here I am s y'all try again
you are going I miss them for days
damn seems like it's always been like
maybe a couple hours rental he you
didn't miss me your thought about its
gender stay was that me you is a longer
yeah
you need a rest can you get away from me
come on man Thank You Man you could be
gone by now right
huh you still are you I'm gonna stay
till gets dark
I don't know Amish mafia comes with nine
your hands gotta be gone
what the hell's Amish mafia there's a
damn TV Joe oldest Carl you didn't try
to tell me what that before didn't you
well you ever listen I just I just
acknowledged it so obviously I do
I got a prank you what do you mean prank
me you're a dude with the dance yet what
are you going get a goddamned up
substage I'm gonna go I left for the
weekend you were trying to get out of it
I was not a win but I ain't letting you
out it
ya got I go I bought the stuff for
already
I'll see you know you dig ugly goddamn
woman oh please yeah you know you
goddamn boy yeah no I get that after you
Alicia the boy here I'm glad you admit
he's a boy he's not a boy than man
whose definition of the word thank you a
paddles ah look please no more threats
with that thing why would I threaten
looks just this enough already
this was an appreciation press can I
please have it what do you need from you
