what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here just got back from
Wrestlemania and the first thing that I
want to say is nice going Michael for
bringing this camera to the show and not
bringing the wire to upload the videos
with so now I have to wait until I get
home Tuesday to upload this video that I
took at WrestleMania this is the scene
after the fact that Betty was just
falling all over the place
so people are gonna be asking me what
are my thoughts on the show most
importantly what are my thoughts on
spoiler alert if you have not seen
Wrestlemania yet
stop watching what I'm about to say what
do I think about Brock Lesnar beating
the Undertaker and I could not be
happier about it I was screaming so loud
that I'm surprised and get caught on
foot you know on the show because the
arena went silent when the Undertaker
lost the match first of all we were all
thinking that the referee was saying no
his shoulder was up we were all
expecting to we're like okay what's
going on then when they said that the
winner of the match is Brock Lesnar we
all just for what what Brock Lesnar
ended the streak they ended the
Undertaker's streak and I cannot believe
it with the rescue arena we were all in
shock I was in shock seriously I
couldn't be happier about it I first of
all the Undertaker I know a lot of
people are angry and I see why because
the Undertaker maybe he should have
retired with the streak but I don't
think realistically he could have
retired with the streak I think if the
Undertaker were to have beaten Brock
Lesnar tonight he would have had to come
back next year and do it all over again
and over and over and over it's a cycle
and maybe it's at a point where he's
just like it's enough then I've gotten
about 200 people sending me messages
with the length of old Brock Lesnar
changed the script he was actually
supposed to lose and now he's fired I
shouldn't even have to explain
why that's so stupid so I'm just gonna
say if Undertaker was supposed to win
they wouldn't have had the twenty one
and one graphic ready to go and it was
ready the camera reactions to the fans
were ready everything was ready Brock
Lesnar was supposed to win the match
Undertaker was supposed to lose it it
was his swan song the Undertaker is gone
Brock Lesnar defeated the streak he
called direct as Paul Heyman would say
and obviously Brock Lesnar winning did
exactly what it was supposed to do it's
got people talking it shot people which
is the entire point when is the last
time wrestling has shocked anybody that
shocked me it shocked the arena shocked
everybody at home when is the last time
wrestling has been able to genuinely
surprise people
dear takers beaten everybody every year
the Undertaker beat Shawn Michaels twice
Triple H CM Punk Triple H again he's
beaten everybody except Brock Lesnar and
that's the story The Undertaker lost a
Brock Lesnar and everybody shocked and
everybody's talking about it
and that's exactly the point you don't
always know what's gonna happen in
wrestling because this time we all got
it wrong seemed to be Wyatt and what was
a really good match Daniel Bryan beat
Triple H Cesaro wins the Andre the Giant
battle royal by body-slamming the big
show off the truth over the top rope to
the outside a star is born Antonio
Cesaro is gonna be the next main event
player in the WWE and of course the
storybook finish Daniel Bryan wins the
world title which was kind of a given
after Brock Lesnar beat the Undertaker
there is no way Daniel Bryan wants to
win in that title because otherwise I
don't know if I would have gotten out of
that arena alive that's all I gotta say
about the payer of you right now I just
got back you know gonna just check out
Facebook see what everybody sang but
overall amazing WrestleMania I'm glad I
flew out for it I'm gonna try to get
tickets to Ross Morrow night hopefully
no promises but
I'd like to go to that and that's it man
like subscribe favorite and the streak
is over Wow
