what's going on you guys queue behind a
camera here and I realized that I
haven't really been filming and editing
well have been in here it's just New
Orleans is just fucking crazy dude it's
like I brought my camera out today and
it was raining so I had to go to a store
and get a freaking drink so I could put
the camera in a bag because I didn't
know it was gonna be raining so I was
carrying that around the whole time I
was out there so I didn't get to record
while I was out today I didn't even go
out yesterday I got in late so I was
just chilling in the hotel room the
whole time but I did get my tickets
today so this is my ticket to
Wrestlemania got a couple in here
actually in terms of New Orleans
it is really nice here some of the
people are really nice not all the
people are really nice the hotel that
I'm staying at the lady who works the
desk in the morning
is a bitch the lady who works the desk
at night is super fucking nice it's like
polar opposites day and night for
instance the chick during the day I come
down to the desk this morning and I say
hey can you call me a cab
you know like gasps and she's holding
the phone damn even answered you want
the numbers you can try meanwhile the
chicken night I go up to her and I say
hey can you call me a cab absolutely I
can call you a cab calls me a cab a
couple minutes later there it is no big
deal the first cab driver that I had
leaving from the airport took me to the
wrong hotel I'm going wait a minute
make the city my fucking hotel name who
is this I'm not staying at this place
this is it trust me
what net so WrestleMania is tomorrow
night I'm definitely gonna film from
there on my phone do as much as I can
hopefully I can bring a camera I don't
know either way thanks for watching and
sorry for the lack of daily vlogs it's
just really hard with the internet
connection and people looking at me like
I'm a fucking idiot recording so so
that's it like subscribe favorite I hear
people in the hallway
come home now and miss Wrestlemania yeah
why would I do that Bella is not sad
she's a dog what did you tell you
exactly truthfully I'm really sad the
Bridget in come I didn't want to come do
this alone
you know I I got some people meeting me
here at the show you know some friends
of mine they're gonna go to the show
with me I would have rather have gone
with Bridget
you know dad dad said no it was really
funny when I told that I had ticket so I
was like hey Dad what if he had the
opportunity to go to Wrestlemania would
you do it for the movement like well I
got tickets for us amania Sunday oh okay
go nobody wanted to go I had to come out
here alone I had to travel with that
fucking Houston Airport
oh that's Houston Airport is a bitch but
in anyway truthfully I would much rather
Bridget be here with me but she's not so
love you anyway Bridget and WrestleMania
is tomorrow so see you guys
