just got this delivery I'm gonna go
ahead and open it now it is a shirt that
I ordered here it is
I got a puddles pity-party charge and if
you don't know who puddles pity-party is
check this out
soon
so here it is puddles pity party check
puddles out on Twitter YouTube the guys
to clown with a fucking golden voice
well I am on my way to looking around to
finding women's clothes whatever I can
find it so a lot of people don't know
why I don't drive it's for reasons like
this that's why I don't drive yeah you
guys want to know I'm addressing on
video I have a phobia I can't even sit
in the fucking passenger seat without
freaking out man I'm serious I hate when
he also tells me how to drive cuz I'm
like listen I'm the one who's driving
don't tell me how to drive but truth is
told I am a really safe driver
especially more so after my breath no
one is one of our gunmen segment I'm
such a safe driver especially after my
wreck well yeah if you think that I was
scared of being in the car before how
about now I had nightmares about that
car accident
legitimately I wake up because you know
what PTSD wasn't to you so much dr. Phil
no let me ask you question you think you
got PTSD I've tried to learn how to
drive on many occasions my brother tried
to teach me dad tried to teach me it's
out when I let go of the steering wheel
like this you don't
okay okay we're just cards we're in a
parking lot so you can't get in a wreck
in the aah Oh God
but I'm gonna fucking break over here
I'm getting off of here I'm terrified of
drove it to phobia I'm getting off the
phone she's only doing this because
cameras only be a little smartass so I'm
getting off Liam I thought of a thing Oh
mmm you hit that lady with a buggy thing
Michael Oh Michael
oh god it's kind of see-through maybe
you should get to the beginning of Wegg
oh my god I look like the Gruber oh my
god I think you should try some curls
hey Bella you're gonna have to Mama's in
a minute okay he wants that belly road
okay okay you ready have two mamas oh my
goodness yeah put on that blonde wig oh
my god we forgot shoes I'm gonna walk in
heels
I'll get you some slip-ons that will
match your beautiful outfit Michelle I
might have to do a cut in on that wig
oh so it's not in your face oh come on
now your purse Oh miss miss yes oh
that's crazy
oh well then then what
I don't know how Marshall brush our hair
this sucks
we'll make up - yes let's take nail
polish and blush what any human date me
it's really me a man
hello sweetie this is me honey no more
this is me stuff right now
hey Coll I'm back to normal now what are
you doing are you ready for me to just
look like a woman to go to a substation
I look normal again huh this is gonna be
embarrassing I get to dress up in that
outfit the wig that purse
oh yeah my nails did gonna have to get
makeup lipstick this is gonna suck oh
there's piers ah nope
well I'm going to be doing the dress-up
video but I'm not gonna be doing it when
Saturday like was originally planned and
the reason I'm not gonna be doing this
Saturday is for one Derick is actually
out of town he's gonna be back in town
Saturday night and the second reason is
I'm going to Wrestlemania and I'm going
to Wrestlemania it's gonna be this
Sunday in New Orleans Louisiana so I'm
not gonna be able to do it I'm excited
I'm going to Wrestlemania
hey Bello Bello look at me she does not
give a shit does she why man why what do
you want you gonna miss me one New
Orleans I can't take you with me hey
Bella
you missed me I'm in New Orleans well
that's it like subscribe favorite and
tomorrow night I'll be in New Orleans
and I'm taking bridges phone with me no
I got you want me sure I don't need a
phone I'll take a look they don't know
they're messing with motherfucker you
got no guns
you got no Hamill's you even got a damn
mess to burn the motherfucker down when
you get out uh hell you'll get out of a
locked car and you ain't got no tools
and they ain't here no your new name
anyway then they're with you
