what's going on you guys Cubana camera
here starting the vlog a little late
today if you're wondering why well it's
because I spent the entire day getting
pranked mood looks pretty cool right now
so I decided to try to film it a little
bit
so here at Walmart another late night
trip almost awesome
Walmart is gonna have to start paying us
for all those promotions where their
biggest shoppers haha oh my god that's a
cheer you know what we should do
what if shim coupon only Walmart of it I
think they do do it we're thinking about
Extreme Couponing not today though no
not today I got no coupons today so if
you have seen the prank yet this is
where I busted my ass this morning and
let me tell you something Bridget two
showed me no sympathy for that I slipped
and busted my ass and you didn't even
care so I'm just gonna throw in the clip
for a laugh check it out this is me
busting my ass on the stairs one hour
Bella boom gloss on
you know what happened to me today Bella
what do you know you afraid of a
weedwacker Bell is afraid of the weed
whacker watch her what are you afraid of
this fellow lilies prison she's
terrified of this thirsty Clyde oh well
being that I didn't really get to film
very much today because of Bridget not
much of a daily vlog um the other day I
did some filming on Clyde's birthday and
I never used any of the video for it I
don't know why
Bridget was bitching me out in the vlog
but the vlog was good enough you know I
had all that stuff with dad and his
possum bullshit which I'm still pissed
about so here it is it's a video be
cooking for Clyde this was his birthday
dinner we like to give him a special
birthday dinner because they're number
one so right now we're working on
Clyde's birthday dinner and before
anybody says anything because I know how
people can be in the comments oh my god
you can't feed dogs that Clyde had an
appointment at the vet the other day and
we said it's his birthday coming up what
should we give him to eat what can we
give him she gave us a list of stuff
that we could cook and we're cooking one
of the things on the list first things
first we're boiling for hamburger
patties now these are actually patties
that I've made myself and we put them in
the freezer it's a method that I got
from dad and we're going to boil this
the reason you want to boil the patties
is because you know the fat will boil
out of it we can drain it and everything
so you don't want to give many burgers
that have been cooked in a skillet and
you don't want to give them this every
day because brown rice is high in
protein for dogs now they can have its
ollie they can't ever have it they just
can't have it daily which we only give
it to them when their holidays or
birthdays which it's Clyde's today
as you can see is starting to boil and
I've got the sweet peas in there the
rice I've chopped up the hamburger meat
that is the Keurig and right now I'm
just going to let it finish boiling once
it hits to a solid boil I am going to
cover it take it off of the heat and let
it sit you can the bill
yum yum bill oh I dare you to drink nope
happy birthday today
Oh happy birthday dear Clyde happy
birthday to you okay it's coming all
right
Claude would you think that birthday
dinner neuron it
hey Claude you scared of the weed
whacker hey Clyde
so I got to dress up like a woman on
Saturday because I said that I wouldn't
be pranked I made the bet with dad I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna hit on Derek I
gotta hit him Derek you know I'm gonna
say Bridget I'm gonna look at Derek and
I'm gonna say uh hey Derek I like I like
a little bit of meat between my bones
oh this is gonna be humiliating fun
hey guys I smoke now April Fool's I
don't smoke that was Bridget cigarette
and I just ripped it up
that was your cigarette where did I get
this in her pump is it weird does
anybody else go to the gas station at
11:30 night to get gas we're leaving did
I turn off that kerosene heater with the
layer on it
mm-hmm would you April Fool's I go
through my straightener you're beautiful
fuck this I thought that was real mine
was obvious sarcasm your sounded real
straightening my hair Michael don't drop
that pot of rice on the stove all right
so we are coming up on a road that I
really wanted to use to prank grandpa
with I was not really sure what kind of
prank to do with it and I'm still
holding hope for it but the thing is
that this road is dark and scary like at
nighttime this shit just gets terrifying
in a minute we're gonna get to it and
who knows maybe if you guys can think of
a prank but I can do with this road let
me know and maybe I'll consider it I
just could not think of anything that
was good enough to try to scare grant
positive maybe I can do something in
October
it's here here we are
turn off your lights just for a second
stop the car first yeah I just want them
to get experience just how dark this is
oh god I can't do that
that's way too dark that's why I was
telling you to stop first for Jesus and
it realizes that dark look I stop right
here okay
first don't be scared to stop well
there's a car just stopped for 23
seconds Oh God
what was that I don't see what the worst
part about this is this is the second
time today we've had to get gas I know
so you really you were going to prank
India it was worth that Michael I really
really really want to see just like a
woman
so let me ask you a question how long
ago did you guys set this thing up was
it the day I caught you talking on the
phone now that's not another prank
I'm hustling you thank you have paddles
aah
look please then we're fresh with that
thing why would I threaten this is this
enough already
this was an age appreciation path can I
please have it what do you need from you
