what's going on you guys get me on the
camera here
right there today is Thursday did we not
just talk about a newer throwback story
yes I just I forgot I was thinking about
taking another shower guys guys she's on
a roll bro two days in a row showers
alright guys today is Thursday and
number one we have a throwback Thursday
story for you about the reason why I'm
terrified of the elderly Oh guys it's so
funny you're not gonna believe it guys
what my most embarrassing stories one of
the most embarrassing stories I got I
got plenty of embarrassing stories one
I'm pretty sure I owe you guys but
number one I want to tell this one
because it's relevant I'm scared of the
elderly yes he screams every time he
sees old people that's not true okay
she's like bending it too far screams
and runs away it's not true okay guys
today's Thursday I'm gonna get this over
with right now let's go talk let's have
a throwback story the beginning of the
vlog you're not ready for this time this
is crazy this is a funny story this is a
good one so when I went to go visit
grandpa earlier today at the
Rehabilitation Center I got reminded of
a really horrifying childhood memory and
it made me come to the realization that
I'm actually afraid of old people I'm
afraid of old people and I didn't
realize it until today so I told you
guys many many many vlogs ago about when
we were kids dad used to take us to
these nursing homes and he would make us
sing to the elderly and we would sing
these Christian songs like this little
light of mine I'm gonna let it shine let
it shine we would sing to the elderly
and they'd be happy and they'd be
enlisted and they pinch our cheeks and
oh okay yeah
really you know warm childhood memories
unfortunately those warm childhood
memories in the nursing homes turned
dark when I started to remember about
the times that I would go to work with
mom see I don't know if a lot of you
guys know this but mom used to be a CNA
and she worked in nursing home at their
nursing home when I was growing up and
sometimes I would have to go to work one
day I go to my mother's work and I'm
hanging around I'm having a good time I
used to love it there they had the best
food the TV room was always free but it
was great I freaking love the ice cream
puddin juice ever I wanted I got it so I
used to love hanging around mom's work
so one day I go to my mom's work and I'm
chilling I mean pudding I'm eating like
ice cream and drinking juice I got the
world at my palms the world is my oyster
right and I'm sitting in the TV room and
I'm flipping through the channels and I
look at an elderly woman starts walking
into the room no I noticed that it looks
like she like recently had her eyes
dilated or something because she had
these like really thick like glasses
blocking her vision and I noticed she
has to scowl like she looks me I was
like hello ma'am how are you and she has
a cane and she says coming at me and for
swinging oh my gosh she's swinging the
cane had the fear like oh my god I'm
trying to back out as far as I can on
the couch and eventually Oh done she was
reaching her hands out Oh too far away
seriously I'm screaming for help nurses
come in they're like Miss - you can't do
this and they grab her and they pull her
off and she's like oh my god and I was
like terrified oh yeah
terrify my grandmother later stayed at
the same nursing home and every time I
would go to visit her every time she
would see me mmm
oh my gosh I'm like what am I do to
deserve this I think I know what you did
what your is changing the channels she
wasn't in there watching it
you're acting like you own the place
maybe she owns the place maybe she was
Lea maybe she's head bitch yeah I was
just a good guy
she runs stuff and I didn't go through
her she liked Miss - do you want a share
of my juice also may I change the chair
that's what should obviously I should
have cleared it through her that's what
should I happen every time I saw she had
it out for me and then the only got
think of is she was trying to steal my
youth right like if I were to lift up
those giant glasses I would see like a
sparkling glass eye that if I looked
dead into it oh my god I aged 50 years
in a matter of a second I don't know the
rest of the day I'm hanging out with my
mom because I don't want to be left
alone in that place I'm terrified I'm
like looking at every old program wait
guys you got beef like I was scared to
death
and unfortunately mom takes me to a room
and there's a sweet little old lady
she's pinching my cheeks she has two
teeth in her mouth their fangs she kind
of looks like the lady from poltergeist
yeah she starts biting my arm like out
of nowhere
pinching my cheeks one minute hello and
then oh my god it was a scene from
child's play wait dude what is going on
to this place they're all crazy here
guys they're absolutely crazy and it
made me realize that those two events
may be terrified to go inside nursing
homes and I didn't realize it until
today we go to visit my dad now I told
you this is half nursing home half
rehabilitation center and dad is staying
on the rehab side now to get through to
the rehab sides you have to pass through
the nursing home until we get there and
there's like 50 old people gather around
a piano and they're playing it then
minute end and they all start looking at
us when we go in I'm like Bridget just
chill okay just stand it's so awkward
the scary part was there was this old
man that he comes up to and he wants to
dance right and he goes when he grabs me
they were dancing cheek-to-cheek and I'm
sitting like Bridget
- this yes it was oh I'm scared of birds
and old people oh man imagine an old
bird
oh ok we're going to Saigon that scared
me ok scared - cuz my mouth was open
right without it I'm so viral anyway
guys I'm dancing with this old guy and
apparently I didn't realize it until
after we left I was apparently making a
noise yes what was the noise what was I
doing
was it that obvious here is that obvious
I was like Michael chill I'm sitting I'm
like I don't know man just happy to see
someone okay yeah I get it I'm sorry -
how I were acted that's the story you
guys that's the story I was attacked by
two old people one bit me one swatted at
me with a cane fight like I left when
she put her strength I don't know dude
they rushed me out I assume so
like seriously was this it was a flip of
a switch hello I'm like do I remind you
of your ex-husband like what happened
anyway guys that's the story let's
continue this vlog I wanted to tell you
I'm terrified to old people
we were headed back to grandpa's right
now you guys paying them another visit I
came home to upload the vlog you saw
yesterday and then tell the throwback
story and now we're going back dad
tomorrow is the big day I'm really
excited guys if you're not aware
tomorrow is number one miner bridges
anniversary Oh number two the returned
angry grandpa returns tomorrow
now we'll bring them a little snack
Bridget made deviled eggs let's have a
look at these what we drive down the
street shall we come on there they are
they stink
oh whoa it's a tomb in here oh yeah
we're gonna stop by get dad coffee and
doughnuts with that there's some big
coffee options I know
okay so the out of hazing Oh sheriff or
something
mayor so if hit media this is medium
yeah
holy cow is ready in five minutes
yeah
Oh
how inconvenient I know we should want
to Sunoco I know this is like Irene 1975
poppier in 2017 I am like 90% sure that
we distribute everything over there
probably I think it's like
in this water I'm pretty sure it should
be like this that's coffee so we just
charmed them receive the water good yep
more or less that's good that's urgent
yes master right because I don't drink
coffee you have to taste it it's too
freakin pot I will not okay Michael
you're gonna kill yourself
is it not hot oh it's very hot Oh my
throat feels like I just wallow kay now
we're in the lid I'm willing to burn
myself or my dad about something well
there's there's no room in there what
works
that skirt I just know my dad he likes a
creamy sweet
Michael look be crowned me of you
it's good this is coffee well some of
these yeah can we just buy them I don't
know well I might just brightly grabbing
handfuls of these just okay yeah just
better okay nothing went out of my way
or anything I just hope he loves me oh
he does Michael I don't know that to be
true oh he loves you he definitely loves
you yeah yeah that's probably good idea
guys I really have to clean my car up so
bad let me just show you what it looks
like Michael it's covered lens it's
freakin 'million wings I have to clean
it hold it
we just got home from visiting a grandpa
you guys we were there all day before we
sort of wrap up this blog I wanted to
take a minute to talk about something
that you guys have been asking for for a
long time brand-new merchandise you guys
have been asking for a whole lot of new
shirts and I haven't really been paying
attention to the store you guys to be
honest I only put it out so you guys
could actually have shirts and then I
realized that all you guys have the old
church then you got none of the new ones
so we launched this brand new store
through BroadbandTV if you haven't seen
it yet the link is below we got camera
crew shirts we got Bugle Boy shirts we
got grandpa shirts we got hoodies
we got hat if you want to check it out
the link is below if you guys want to
get anything just in time for Christmas
tell your parents get some links going
guys we're getting out of here in just a
second we're gonna continue this vlog
but I wanted to hype it up we got shirts
I'm gonna keep talking about this but if
you want to see it the link is below
dude first of all I really have to say
it's beginning to look a lot like
Christmas
now why is this your representation of
Christmas I don't know just kinda mean I
agree by the way you know honestly
because you got this for Christmas one
year grandpa cheese balls
dad got me one of these for Christmas
for all
yeah yeah you're right and he wrapped
him up and he didn't have a lot of money
but it was like a great gift like
they're so good we didn't have much but
he got me a big thing of cheese balls so
dad this is for you
I'm a catcher you ready okay Oh doesn't
count all right now you're just
you messed me up Oh Michael I'm the
Michael daughter to catching cheese ball
what is going on you don't do this with
any other food okay I suppose Michael oh
wow I was starting to think like I'm
just looking in the lens too long like
you didn't attract guys I'll be honest I
gotta see this before we did this scene
I was like yeah this would be kind of
funny if I can't catch him all right
it's my turn
are you okay can you breathe you can't
breathe come here oh why that helped you
feel better I had a cheese ball in my
mouth and when Bella Darla and the
cheese going look like a bag I'm good
now okay man as long as you're good oh
my good
to think I'm gonna don't see my
anniversary yeah cuz you know this year
has been nothing but crap so I can see
it I won't be surprised enough just sit
down and that's it guys take your blood
pressure medicine and sit down take my
blood pressure medicine I'm gonna do
that give me a second in the off chance
that I don't catch this thing Abela eats
at what happens she's going to die are
you serious yes is it worth it put it in
your mouth high blood pressure pillow
miss okay alright I rest it off I wasn't
prepared to chew it on a blood pressure
pill yeah yeah you know um dogs do this
you're a human right yes / tell me human
you had asked that question I'm just
kind of not sure anymore like you're
either that what's have a baby or you're
a dog okay if I'm not much of a baby I'm
not celebrating an anniversary okay
that's not how it is I apologize I'm
sorry guys tomorrow's anniversary we're
getting out of the or in a second but
first we got to have a conversation I
wanted to talk about how it went with
grandpa because guys today seriously
things went good these are really good
guys guys so good that I can confirm to
you that in tomorrow's vlog grandpa is
back I didn't expect to ever say that
guys when all this happened I thought
that this was over and at the very least
I thought that you know he would at
least never be in a vlog again even if
he gets better and goes home he would be
so frail that I couldn't show him
because guys he has been lately not
lately but when all this happened really
bad like he couldn't talk he couldn't
play yeah guys it's like you you really
don't understand how bad he was like
seriously it's hard to explain like
basically day one we went to say bye and
all he could do was like not as head of
his eyes closed while wearing a
breathing machine he was supposed to die
that day
it's the sad way to put it but that's
how it was put to us the doctor came and
the doctor the doctor was like yeah it's
best for you guys to go and start making
arrangements and the next day he started
talking through hand squeezes and then
he started opening his eyes and he was
talking gibberish and it's just been day
after day after day after day it's been
getting better and now he's better than
he was before he went yeah like I was
talking to him today you know he was
just like where the hell were you read
today I'm like well you know I had some
stuff to do
well I was affected yeah I knew listen
well dad you know I was here at 2:00 and
they came home where he was shooting
they left I was like okay you got it
guys
he's back to his old self tomorrow
grandpa is back dad I love you I love
you guys so much for just being there
for us being our backbone when we didn't
have one guys
you have been the most important element
of our lives lately sorry I couldn't do
this without you thank you so much
couldn't do without you serious I
couldn't do without Bridgette you guys
she hits it's it was just we had a lot
of really good talks and I was like in
an acceptance phase and and I didn't
want to be there but she helped me get
there and Bridgette thank you for that
so this is your moment tomorrow as much
as it is mine
so guys tomorrow grandpa's back we're
gonna be doing this outro guys I love
you smack the like button if you've got
this far into the vlog if you got to
this I don't know if the vlogs really
short or not by the way let's go do this
outro what do you think I think so yeah
well cover lens well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
gonna be getting out of here long day
great day I'm exhausted
yeah Michael fell asleep on the couch
guys and what did I fell asleep watching
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
guys you know I'm tired if I fall asleep
don't Harry Potter yeah hello hello oh
gee Harry Potter fan here guys getting
out of here thanks for watching I am
really excited about tomorrow's vlog
yes me too guys
you guys are excited oh my macton like
but if you were excited for grandpas
were turned to the vlogs I don't know
what it's gonna be I don't know if he's
gonna be asleep I don't know if it's
just gonna be him like eating breakfast
I don't know anything we can't film on
alright guys this is the comeback he's
better
and then he's played guys I know it
looks bad guys grandpa's back in the
vlogs there are and I'm so happy this
day is finally here guys thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite fall
and everything to us
and bridge-ex it's about a minute for
midnight happy anniversary
in one minute I got one happy
anniversary
