okay send here filming Bella who is she
either she's waving me Hill hair go away
hey Clyde
happy birthday Clyde thanks you guys
Hey tomorrow's Mars tomorrow late
got-dang tomorrow's eight you ready for
tomorrow
nothing's happening I'll say huh it's a
birthday of April why do you sit like
that I don't know are you ever going to
put your feet down I never did I'll pee
like I got an order why'd you go Bobby
one what the hell is an arming and never
call it you put your feet on God and
ottoman why are you laughing at me cuz
you call it an Ordnung that's what you
that's like what we had above our ports
will trail would know that's door hang
you know I would have been I would've
been too trailer park you don't read
about fire weather leave me trail would
say we hadn't been table with I went out
there today for one just wonder if I'd a
look and I proved the point I'd see what
I got a clip when I went there earlier
today I want you to insert it right now
can you do that
no why okay I'll do it where does the
clown have a clip
it's on my camera so I want to add it
later yo you Latin okay
that's worth talk later I mean tonight
you better
you guys remember remember when I had
that balance real wood and all they said
was bullying ain't buying that land
bullying don't want nothing to do with
it you're accusing bullying and bullying
doesn't want trailwood bullying has no
purpose betrayal would and I told you
our governor fucking lied I have proof
now that bullying wanted this plan what
the hell does that say that's his boy
private property admitted to authorized
personnel only
South Carolina Code section you lied
everybody you lied to all the people in
North Charleston that lived in trailwood
1500 damn families ain't got no home
Bowie's been in South Carolina for good
years now and when they moved here they
never had one South Carolina family you
are a liar governor you lied you don't
deserve to be the governor of South
Carolina you know you don't he did as a
human being because you ma'am already
liar booing you're a piece of shit
company and I hope you go out of fucking
business and I'm glad that your planes
are being built wrong and the planes are
having to go to Washington to be
repaired because two stupid
motherfuckers that y'all are bringing in
here can't build the plays right so that
was you a traveling for I just want to
go see the old homestead they have cops
and stuff out there now yeah everybody
to run me off
tell me about it I'm banned from the
fucking property that walking deer Delta
birthday thing I've seen in my life it
was not that bad
walking there was not as bad as you're
trying to put don't walk and dance
somebody hey I told you I got called
fool they even back
sleeping all day what's your problem you
don't know why you threw the book on the
floor well we kept me out of that can't
be doing that kind of stuff in water we
don't you don't need anymore to lose it
you'd ever suspended from school you
don't have to answer school detention
twice you've had in-school suspension
once I've had nine phone calls what are
you getting all this from oh yeah look
at me gotta stop I love you to death you
my grandson you know I love you come on
you know I love you but you gotta be
cool you got to stop doing all this you
gotta call but you know you're gonna be
Michael even one come on stop filming
I'm talking I'm talking to Jake you look
like you have you been traveling a while
here let me fix up need the Kareem in
there hey so if you don't get the
reference he was being the woman or
Walking Dead who offers people plates of
food when they get into it that smells
pretty good hey you go here just do I
ain't had beef stew in a long song good
yeah I like filming you little girls
doing it let me generate it
I don't like me film try to eat hello
everybody your Pig you know how about
sound good you enjoy my cooking I enjoy
your cooking there I never denied that
best do you ever tasted a let's do I'm
cooking it's one of them probably no
they're probably about the best do I
ever cook you know
hey let possums Gouda I just killed a
last week yeah okay observe
Michael I mean partner everybody you are
eating policy okay remember I showed you
the caucus and put in the freezer I'm
fucking out of here you spit my shoe
back up no I'm doing this whole freezing
the part of survival you have to learn
to use stuff like this
dad it's enough that's why I'm cooking
the shorter stuff now
Oh God oh my god you're sick oh go learn
to eat this kind of stuff Mike what is
wrong with you so tomorrow is April
Fool's Day and dad somehow thinks he's
still gonna get me but she's not how do
you get somebody when you tell them
you're gonna get them you think though I
guarantee you for the days over the bar
I got you how do you figure that I don't
understand
Oh make a bet you wanna bet what are you
okay I'll bet anything oh okay what do
you wanna bet if I don't get you by this
time tomorrow night
then I will oh I would dress up like a
woman oh my god okay yeah I'm going to
the substation and order a sandwich and
I'll hit all goddamn uh Derek okay
yeah you there I win you've got to dress
up like a woman going substage order
7:00 and hit on Derek dog-human shake on
it
I'll make you sign the contract dude hey
yeah you're kagura gotta win okay so if
I win
we got you all right you earlier first
this weekend grandpa's gonna dress like
a woman
Michael dad you're not gonna get me
that's the point
you didn't get what you think Tara
predictions we'll see
oh yeah black without a cute little
honey like you will put lipstick on a
pig this Saturday yeah you you don't got
a day of reckoning coming son yeah well
you got your month of reckoning how
about that ain't no matter Brandon
Brandon it's bad
