you ready to come in all right come on
in
come on come in Clyde come on buddy
well it's breakfast time and I'm going
to make myself something to eat that I
like to make myself I've never made a
known video before I've never seen
anybody else make it I'm sure it exists
I'm not saying I created this it's just
something that I've never seen before so
today I'm making myself a bagel sandwich
today I'm gonna start off with this
asiago cheese bagel so we're going to go
and take out our bagel just going to pop
it in the toaster oven and I'm well
aware that this one probably needs to be
cleaned out so here's the rest of the
ingredients first I'm using deli fresh
oven roasted turkey breast
Sargento double cheddar cheese slices
and chive and onion cream cheese spread
okay I'm going to take out the top put
on my cheese pop it back in there for a
second I'm going to take out that the
bottom I'm going to rub on my cream
cheese not very much cream cheese you
don't want to overdo it you don't want
to go crazy on cream cheese and to that
I'm going to add four slices hook my
meat cold then we go ahead and we take
out the top which is now melty we pop it
on
mmm delicious
look at this one of the pillows somebody
stabbed it with a marker
well everybody this is the mess that was
created with us because grandpa
destroyed his house
just that what happened dad you start
building a fort like dad decided to take
his garbage and live in it come check
this out
look at man why you mess with my damn
pie I gotta ask you are you living in
this Who I am it looks like you made a
for the house I got home what yeah you
didn't think I'll let you stay on the
land what you didn't even let you just
stay in this pile of scrap Jesus cried
on get troubled shit
I asked why that's why I called you out
here Xia what my goddamn cheer up here
look at people fucking with your stuff
yes called your nephews
yeah maybe they're pissed off cuz they
don't have an Xbox anymore you smashed
it now they got to play with shit in the
yard there's another jacket
yeah you can kick out a park I know
who's gonna build it up serious whose
bike is this a John
Jonathan's okay let me guess safe to
just leave us it in there who was drawn
into the chain you see this yeah
Oh Jonathan shoestring what happened is
he let me tell you John that looked a
little forward to a playing Street ride
bicycles and God got a shoestring caught
in the chain right so the little boy
instead of coming grandpa grandpa he
goes always this house tells mama I come
running outside you know here's Johnny
Miller Road
Sydnor I think Johnny went wrong Jada
was history
okay it's three people in a car right
there by where oh my god - the hitting I
want Ashley oh my god you're angry
grandpa the flu really they recognize
you they're really recognize me huh you
guys I mean we're sorry about his
grandpa you know with bike out there you
know we just we know what do
cuz it you got knife is yeah I got level
to cut got if you ring hey cut a
shoestring you go with bicycle up in
yard it is you know I think I know the
kids that were living in your garbage
y'all living in my garbage
y'all over you you Livie you they're
looking at my garbage okay so here it is
dad you like it yeah you told me pulled
out of a dumpster
yeah in Frederick County man take a look
here there and she said in Berkeley
County yeah if you guys have that season
you put in a shed hey it's picky Jews
you picked you to go wait a minute this
is the TV guys did you pawn the other
one that we talked about that you pulled
the other TV that's what I got you for
Christmas we talked about that I thought
you're gonna pull the good one when I
talk about that so this is dad's new
couch or I would say new for him it's
nude hey me jeez look at me ah and you
wonder what you could get the leg open
come on cuz you got a head of a dumpster
Aaron Salvation Army so that's how to
get the good stuff in Salvation I know
you get in early tomorrow Monday morning
you get early no money morning and god
dammit my put-downs I got Thank You
Chuck
what happened my arm got caught you
dumbass
I figured you might want some
whatever
welcome arrow with all this shit anyway
for your cookie Michael gives it April
Fool's Day whoever is it what's that
supposed to mean I love her you're not
gonna get me April Fool's they are okay
that keep easy Lorena sure if I know I'm
being changed
whoo Michael Taylor come in proposing
okay you're not even opening this it's
not what it says I'm reading between
about a magazine
she got crack I can read what's this
little suitcase there's a little tiny oh
my fucking what is that I don't know why
right yeah you I got your white rice to
stir-fry I don't like I write with you
God you got a whole bag of white rice
there's a big white rice
then what you get these pocketbooks from
oh shit well that's the garlic chicken
chicken a garlic sauce ah Oh Mia was
introduced know where to grab leg
I couldn't get some why cuz the ad crime
leagues was $35 Wow $35
I know they went up but grab legs I use
you going to go to goddamn all dogs and
Johnny J dragged on and either give me a
goddamn nice mule I never cravaack
called me $20
daddy $5 we got here crab legs
