what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here with another vlog this one's
starting at 3 o'clock because I just
woke up Jesus Christ
Bridget went to the dog store today
there was one closing up the street and
she just went apeshit on buying these
toys you got it happy I was hoping to
squeak a little louder than that oh my
god yeah I know
can I help I know you're going to get me
back though I want to get him back
before he gets me back so I'm pretty
sure Bridget is planning some sort of
prank on me with a new grandpa just
heard her talking on the phone setting
something up I know you're playing
something well April's gonna be hell for
grandpa now it's kinda do something -
Bridget now we gotta use this gorilla
again it's covered in pollen
I know put the cover back on why don't
you do that I don't know the wind blew
it off so I just kind of one day we were
playing a cookout have dad over well I
think if he does come over he's gone
right potato salad cuz he makes the best
potato you know his potato salad is
disgusting
that's not his potato salad is unedible
only got a split second a lazy rolling
around on the grass do it again thank
you for listening my baby
you gotta love this sunlight don't we
all oh I'm Bella Q Oh what the hell's
Bella
oh so weirdly clean the kitchen I better
make a Keurig
Oh
we've never seen the Keurig that we know
I love it though I use it like seven
times a day and I got it on Christmas
that's a lot of coffee
empty I love cheese is my favorite cream
vanilla chai yes I love it I love it I
love it
still bore with well starting to get
dark out here this day has gone by quick
as they all do so I spent a while today
trying to figure out just what Bridgette
and Grandpa have planned because I know
they have something I heard half the
conversation I know they're gonna prank
me I know that they're trying to set it
up for this week so I don't know how you
prank me if I already know it's coming
how do you trick me into doing or
believing anything if I'm expecting a
prank so whatever you got planned I'm
Way ahead eeeh
too bad didn't work so I tried to come
inside after my little part just now and
the door's locked which I can't assume
was there big elaborate prank girl why
they would do that nice turn light off
okay Bridget
let me em come on it's like cold out
here I know you're planning a prank and
this better this can't be your prank why
I know you're planning a prank I heard
you on the phone this morning you're
talking to dad on the phone this morning
and you come up pranking me oh yeah
pranking who come on let me in so
tonight for dinner I decided I was gonna
stray off of the diet a little bit I was
gonna give myself a treat well what
actually happened is I got this oh it is
Sam's choice
mac and cheese cheeseburger and it'll
certainly looked appetizing of course I
was gonna know it didn't look big barf
when not actually does a good bar see it
actually looks more appealing as it's
sat let's dig in here okay did you see
the color change look at this watch this
Bridget loose a tuna casserole see what
this shit's made out of oh my god
probably human flesh all the ingredients
how do we can't just give us noodles
cheese and burger Bella how many
ingredients starts right here and then
so what is it why can't they just do
noodles cheese and hamburger meat and
spices cheese gelatin a little bunny
rabbit just got done watching a movie
with Bridget we just finished watching
the movie all is lost now if you haven't
seen that movie it stars Robert Redford
he is a fisherman I don't want to say a
fisherman he lives on a boat and one day
he wakes up to
water coming into his boat and his boat
has hit some debris that was in the
water and the movie is just about his
attempt at survival he you know he has
to abandon the ship and he goes onto a
raft and you know he's running out of
food and water and seriously it was an
amazing movie check it out
well it's just the camera are you afraid
get me off of this damn thing all right
what's up or down
Oh Michelle big baby damn what seek lies
no way
no oh right oh he likes it whoa life on
the camera you do Q he just chilling I
like you here it's cold Paws if you can
do it you can do it lazy take a step sit
your couch backward go okay what are you
doing look everybody I got a cigarette
dang ol big boy died ah don't do it dude
oh my god three new mini
