was $1.00 right here I'm in Oh script I
got a dollar
I got a dollar I got a dollar on it ha
ha yeah what are you gonna tape it yeah
good shit right get tape
I've got $20 shit
you could Bobby's cigarette whoo how
would you use it - egg but don't use it
to buy e stick stuff ah I wanna shit I
asked you to flip maybe equid ah I'm
fighting for pasture it ok can you buy
me a drink with it
well you find your own it out never you
find you to knows that was my $20
bullshit you get in there and you break
my heart
I'm not trying to ah you've got me on
the bar there's a quarter down there
where all right on to you with with AH
20 look I I end up Bobby confessor is
now trill another sense that poor dogs
I'm backing down that quarter if I
pawned the TV shit I got about three
cards of cigarettes you needed ah my TV
for the little and you can't park I
gotta find a cigarette
yeah yeah yeah oh boy this ain't gonna
work get ozera kid smoke this I don't
hate it not
oh fuck having that buck oh my god
Michael was all over it
Oh nobody broke
Oh God is it gonna be smokeable hello I
got it
now we'll be
don't fuck now you goddamn bitch but
tastes good yo we gonna do that
smoke mohara there's no filter you can't
smoke backhand yo
if anybody watching this knows what kind
of spider this is in grandpa's house let
me know I got it it's like to do
calculator whoa I think you might you
treat our furniture it's garbage now
I'll see I can still use them
we'll go to Salvation Army or
subdivision army yes we'll go to starve
it I thought it was called Salvation
Army starvation now we'll go to
starvation army and we'll find you some
more look at this why are you gonna
clean yeah
oh my god what were you thinking I
needed money I thought that toilet bill
now you need couches we're going to use
that to wear it also get you new couch
at salary well Sarmatian army but this
one should be light right huh that's
what you'd be like right what I want you
guys ever heavier thing what eternal
British go buddy
oh it's heavy
your head gets older
oh all right go stupid shit I'm
searching for money middle legs what go
away there's a leg right here you take
it off blow into my furniture time
Michael the toes we're gonna go to
starvation on me why you really do
stupid shit
are you sure is starvation army yeah
that don't seem right well hard to head
you're out of your mind
this couch might be alright dad no I'm
not in the back of your house no forget
it
how about that Michael you told me now
now watch now damn you a man boy
ha you your man Michael well thank you
Michael never gonna we go to Salvation
Army sergeant starvation is on the move
on Friday hey women will that's a week
away I want now you gotta wait till
Friday man no it's Friday I that's why
last week away well I got my Bible shit
I don't got no money right now you
better find somewhere muffled shit take
Hitchin table how often do you sit in
the living room
I have a question dad what am I wrong or
is this rat nesting material there's rat
shit they got that one oh my god I'm
terrified right now
now I wonder if there's a rat in here I
tell you open up wood I got him I kill
them all yeah sit your couch back where
it goes okay what are you doing look
everybody I got a cigarette dang ol big
boy back off don't do it dude oh my god
three you honey
