I don't know if it's picking this up but
it is fucking foggy and I'm gonna turn
the water into cloud oh my god what is
that it looks like snow what is that
it's all fog looks like do this is wild
was he something crazy
watch the screen it's like we're
traveling through space and time
alright Bridget it's time to go back to
the future this is me got to you shoes
and we have arrived at Walmart
who's that woman over there oh man it's
a homeless woman so we pulled into
Walmart and I saw this woman with her
children and she had a saw a sign that
said she lost her job and so I went to
the ATM I'm gonna give her some money
ready City what I jump out for yes ma'am
yes ma'am
well as you guys can tell there was no
vlog yesterday and I didn't go downtown
today so allow me to explain what
happened yesterday I was hanging out
with Grandpa we were gonna go downtown
but then we read the news that it was
totally flooded downtown which happens
every time it drizzles downtown
Charleston it rains a little bit the
whole downtown gets flooded so I
couldn't go out there was flooded it was
raining but I did film a second with him
yesterday so check this out
so explain to me what we can't go
downtown good is rayna do that so
downtown bud damn it are you going at it
for that shit
God like that does what
oh I'll get some chilling out with you
really yep ah
cuz I mean not for long if you uh when
we hear all damn day take three at home
so you guys been asking me to do some
more cooking on video so today I'm gonna
do it and we're gonna make tacos and I
know the general consensus is gonna be
oh my god you're cheating oh my god I
knew the diet was gone Oh God God I'm
still on the diet but I don't care it's
a cheat day I know yeah it's a splurge
day I'm gonna splurge now on tacos and
really it's not that bad if you're doing
it all by yourself so cooking tacos so
we're gonna start off with our meat toss
that in there and with that I'm gonna
add in one onion and one green and red
pepper and here it is 1 onion 1 green
pepper 1 red pepper and I'm just going
to toss those in there and it's going to
saute with the meat so I'm going to work
on our spice mixture so first I'm add a
little chili seasoning then some garlic
and onion powder paprika pepper and
kosher salt now how much of each is
depending on you season to taste now
sometimes what I like to do just in case
my seasonings fail I'll have this is a
backup just in case and I'll let you
know if I use that so if the seasonings
I just added don't work I'm going to add
a little bit of this not a lot you don't
want it to be just this okay I just
strained the meat and it's still got
more cooking to do but now I'm gonna go
ahead and add the spices first I'm going
to add 3/4 a cup of chicken broth 3/4 of
a cup of beef broth my seasonings a beef
bouillon cube and some flour and I'm
just going to stir all this together now
chances are I'm going to be adding a
little more spices here and there you
know a little more paprika a little more
salt a little more pepper you know which
is why I told you guys to salt and
season today's or this where we are
right now if you're wondering the reason
I added flour is because that will help
thicken it instead of it being really
watery
here's the meet right now and while I
was away I did add a little more pretty
much everything out a little more chili
powder a little more paprika a little
more salt a little more pepper
like I said season to taste it's hard to
guess so you know it's easy to just add
in what you cook so while you're cooking
add in now it's time for the next
ingredient tomato paste tomato paste is
a pretty quintessential ingredient right
now I just added one big spoonful and if
I have to add more I'll let you know the
difference in taste between doing it
that way and adding a packet is
unbelievable mind you I didn't use this
at all and you still can if the mix that
turn out the way you like it
and you'd like a little more seasoning
this is perfect for you just add a
little bit don't add a lot just sprinkle
and season to taste okay now I'm going
to assemble I don't do a lot of meat I
never have
I know the jokes didn't come for that
you don't got a lot of me back for your
sour cream tomato that is but this taco
I'm doing sharp cheddar I'm gonna eat it
on video good mmm hmm mmm looks good
definitely
so I'm sitting here on Dad's Facebook
account and I see that apparently he had
a cookout today
and I didn't get a call so I'm gonna
give him a call
oh hey why did you have a cookout today
did you not invite me so you were gonna
invite me to the cookout huh you didn't
want to invite me
how come I didn't get an invitation
oh you your son this is budget phone
dad this is your son Michael I don't
have another number because you broke my
phone oh this bridge is number dad how
come you didn't invite us to the cookout
oh okay so the truth comes out I know a
lazy they don't want your toy what
Claude is beaten by was ass at this game
so I just tried to talk to dad and ask
him why he didn't invite me to his
cookout and he acted like he didn't know
me I don't know if he did or not
I don't know who nice dude he shamed my
boy how'd you get this number
well anyway it was me Dad and I was
trying to see why you didn't invite me
to your cookout well it seems that
lately if I don't do this on camera
people don't believe that I do it at all
so gonna brush no blood how about it
progress well that's it dad thank you
for not inviting me to the cookout thank
you for breaking my phone which I can't
let go ho April's going to be one hell
of a month for you and that's coming
close
April Fool's month cuz there's our time
with grab Bob somebody still ready yeah
a parrot I will not bail I I am I will
not fail
I will raise you I'll uh I'll play you a
red guys hear me right here I will bust
your butt
