you going to go out Oh what you know
what to hide so it's a beautiful day
today
it feels great out the sun's out a
little bit of air blowing through and we
got bumblebees flying everywhere and
they terrify Grandpa which I didn't know
until recently I was thinking about
doing a prank where you freeze one of
those bumblebees and then you tie a
string around it and then it'll come
back to life and you can fly it around I
was gonna think about doing something
like that a tad but that just seems
entirely too difficult to pull off but
it was an idea I was thinking about it
dad I was gonna I was gonna fly a
bumblebee like a kite and I was gonna
scare you with it so today Bridgette and
I have been looking for movies to watch
on Vudu we found a couple things we just
finished watching the M keeper I didn't
pay attention to it really but when I
saw it was good it was like almost like
a realistic ghost story um we just we
just bought all is lost with Robert
Redford something called cheap thrills
appliance and something called
compliance now I haven't seen any of the
other movies before that was weird I
went like I'm doing some sort of I seen
any of the other movies I won't do a
little bit of yard work but you plant
strawberries in that hole in the fryer a
hole in the front yard that hole that's
by my car we can plant service there's a
hole yeah there's like rocks in it we
can like clean out and put strawberry
plants in it
oh you're told my the one that I wanted
to put ice in for drink yes but you're
not doing that the other day I recorded
a part for my vlog I didn't use it
I told Bridget I'll just show you check
this out all right let me tell you my
idea what what if we spend a little
while we remove all the water and rocks
and dirt and clean this out filled up
with water and it cuz it's really cold
like this and we put drinks in it
what like oh it was like a cooler thing
Michael that's ugly I wanted to plant
flowers in that say that it's not a good
idea that we come home from Walmart all
of a sudden I'm thirsty just reach in
grab a drink out Michael that's so
stupid
maybe in the summer time it'll be stupid
before for this it's perfect
say you wouldn't grabbing a cold drink
out of the room I'm going to plant
flowers in it
no flowers so we are somewhere we have
not been in a while
my face is my little more little too
dramatic away this is me this is you
this is me
Kmart this is you this is me this is you
this is me how my name is Michael this
is you so Bridget maybe buy a bunch of
clothes I guess she's tired of me
looking disgusting no obviously you just
need me clothes look guys
what fell in front of you so for my vlog
for tomorrow grandpa Bridget and I are
gonna go downtown downtown Charleston
and for the video dad had this idea
where he wants me to do a music montage
using the Steve hit Mike song standby so
I'm going to show you a preview of what
dad has in mind right here he was he
calls me this morning my god got this
fucking awesome idea you got to do a
music montage using that goddamn tongue
bye Charleston so this is his idea I'm
gonna do it he wants me to do I'm going
to do it we're going to compile it with
some footage we do tomorrow but right
now I'm gonna compile it with just some
footage that I have on the computer this
is about 30 seconds or so of what dad
has in mind for the Steve hit bike song
stand by for tomorrow's vlog
last ride and on a standby flight to
Charleston and you let me wait in there
while you spend the weekend
alright here comes a much requested room
people have been asking to see so here
it is yes I probably should clean it so
why not look through some of this see
what some of it is blu-rays Harry Potter
illuminates everywhere
The Rock DVD that I threw it's still
right there
bent a flashdrive I wonder what's on
this I was looking for that
here is a here's the first smackdown
magazine signed by John Cena that's
right who would have thought the first
autograph that I come across on here is
John Cena's what the fuck should I make
for dinner I don't know anymore because
I'm trying to eat healthier there's a
matter of fact if anybody has any ideas
of what the fuck I can cook for dinner
healthy recipes send it to me on a DM
and I'll check it out so here's a better
look at the belt that I use in the
videos usually I like to wear it while I
watch wrestling because it makes me feel
like a wrestler it's still real to be
kidded well I guess that's about it for
today damn I look a little bit of bubble
so click that one burn if I get blown in
the face one ton would it let's find out
well hold on what are you doing I'm not
ready yet wait I said let me record my
face ok why do you keep blowing bubbles
on me so you'll take a bath goodness
your time with Grandpa somebody still
radio a parrot I will not bail i I
I will not fail I will read you I'll uh
I'll play your veg I dare me right here
I will bust your butt
