anyway that's why I don't like to fill
family because they're haters and I
don't know why they think they can get
away with with you know with with all
this hatred they do about the gay people
the gay community gay community where do
they bother who they bother would you
like to look there there I just get some
water for my vlog I just don't know you
normally I hate anybody guy
let's place your camera do you see that
B what are you doing Oh Mike you're
trying to catch it are you yeah you
swaddle them towards me come on beagle
yeah yeah cool
ah flew like a butterfly sting like a
bee oh you are to be I'm hoping this
cameras picking it up oh it's coming at
ya ha yeah you got bumblebees hearing
regular house for who could got this two
of them whoa get my gimmick in a
flyswatter sup buddy ah like I can't
come to the port
who's guarding me my god I got hit with
it he's gardener
the reason dad's over here is he's
dropping off a vlog about fred phelps
dying my take was have a little sympathy
for somebody but he showed no sympathy
when he was protesting soldiers funerals
and so it's whatever you know yeah those
bees do not like you do they well you do
that every time I know and I gotta think
about pushing buttons I can't give up on
that I goodbye elevator
I like push some buttons to can't wait
till April well I can't wait till you
don't forgot it
you said I may see June oh I can't wait
for June well may you now must ride you
do you wait till April every do you want
in my car you just be chill it out what
does that mean oh no your hands at some
left hand on me shit you said money
speaking of money is that true so a so
they know so I guess when your right
hand edges you make money you get money
when your left antigens you go spend
money my left hand is just 24/7
chill out a little I'm gonna got here I
think I'm afraid to betray my why is
that I don't know one of the van with
you I laugh alright you can go so I'm
gonna check out a little bit of dads
vlog and see what he has you there when
you brother to Hitler
and a mother Mussolini and Osama bin
Laden hot damn
so I was just at dad's house I'm leaving
now and before I left he gave me a
little bowl of food the little bowl of
food turned out to be pot roast potatoes
carrots gravy and corn and on the way
home I decided I'm gonna get a little
piece of this pot roast in the car and I
would try it it's gone ate the entire
bowl within a minute of leaving dad's
house dad I gotta give it to you I don't
know what you did it was the best thing
he's ever made is the best thing you've
ever cooked I've never tasted food that
good before it's better than restaurant
quality I hope you filmed yourself
cooking it so a lot of people got
confused yesterday I uploaded a vlog
where I asked Bridget for her cellphone
and then I turned to the camera and I
said ho well I got fired today and a lot
of people have been writing me
Michael you have fired my god I can't
believe you lost your job are you moving
back to the apartment now and I didn't
get fired I thought it was clear that I
was using sarcasm in the video but
apparently wasn't clear enough what I
was saying was I was telling Bridget
well hey I can't have your cell phone I
guess that means I'm gonna be fired so
uh guys I got fired today I didn't get
fired also I guess I should put in my
word about Fred Phelps and what do I
think about his death and I have a
little bit of a mixed mind about it do I
feel sorry for him that he's gone
no I did not know I don't and I don't
even really feel sorry for the family as
a non-believer I have to see that these
people have been brainwashed I have to
see that something happened in their
upbringing that makes them believe the
way they do do I believe that he's
rejoicing and heaven no I don't believe
in God I don't believe in heaven or hell
I think it's nothing for him now he
wasted his time on earth he wasted it
that's my thought so I'm Fred fell
being dead I'm not happy that he died
but at the same time I can see why other
people would be gonna answer some
Twitter questions now I hear that you
like good programs you should watch
Walking Dead if you don't already all I
do already and last week was mind
altering what a crazy episode can you
give me a shout-out in your next vlog
please and could you share some more of
your childhood stories thanks shout-out
to Elliot Hill and yes I will tell more
stories in the future can you follow me
and love all your videos can you give me
a shout-out please shout out to Demi
Styles and I will follow you for asking
well as I think I from one direction no
I'm just kidding dear Lord she says
Jesus does grandpa like your raps at all
yes he does he likes my song about a boy
we said someone had a secret plan to
make a save a sweet escape Aveda in the
sunny days a way to eat this pain I feel
my life eventually will fade away on
younger youth is just a phase if age is
just a state of mind and grow in every
day Justin says hey app store tell Apple
to get my friend there a code of half a
free iPhone every YouTube video he
flashes his or did till his dead break
it yeah do that so that's it gonna get
out of here for tonight this would be
daily vlog number eight which means I've
officially done this for a week in one
day alright so that's it
like subscribe favorite Bridget this is
me this is you the only people in your
church is your family
ha ha ha
oh god I giggle laugh
