come on cause there's my bed now oh you
come up there's Nick own bed go ahead
hop up
hey on each phone I don't think so
Bridget I need to use your phone again
no you took the case I didn't even put
it back so what no cuz I need the phone
for today we're just okay well you guys
I got fired today cuz I couldn't call my
boss he needed a cleaner talk to me on
the phone but Bridget is refusing to let
me use the phone thank you
come on Bella we're going in together we
go I look far away your fucking stereo
oh no and milk so sometimes people like
to ask me what my first date with
Bridget was and I'm pretty sure I've
done it I'm almost 100% sure I've told
this on video before you guys didn't I
so anyway my first day would Bridget it
was my sister Jennifer her boyfriend
John and we went to the movies and we
saw the horrible unwatchable bad Zack &
Miri Make a Porno the highlight of the
night was going to IHOP afterwards I
didn't eat much because I you know I
don't like that on the first date I
don't like to pig out did I take your
leftovers home with me yes hey I'm sure
like I'm pretty sure she wanted them
okay yeah I did want them but I was like
hey I'll take them now I know isn't it
funny that I said the highlight of the
night was going to IHOP when we had our
first kiss after it oh my god the
highlight was I I talked about your kids
no alright go ahead well the horrible
kisser
it was so sloppy and shitty this is how
you wear Michael in bed a while so
tomorrow I'm gonna be uploading the
anger grandpa still hates Justin Bieber
video I don't know why did still hate
because he actually does still hate him
there's no maybe he does maybe he
doesn't but I ever recorded the video
about a week ago I even gave you guys a
preview for it
but grandpa did his chicken foot thing
and broke my iPhone and OH
so there was just some kind of explosion
I don't know if it happened like at the
front of the neighborhood was either a
real bad explosion somewhere or an
earthquake there was no earthquake it
could have been we've gotten them before
well let's call dad and see if he felt
it
we had like then we have like one of the
biggest ones yes and like the 1800s well
couldn't you know what happened I'm
gonna call dad and see if he felt it hey
did you feel some sort of shaking what
do what was that you felt the shake
Mattoon well how do you know it was
earthquake so you felt it you then I
thought something exploded I never felt
one before think we just had an
earthquake in Somerville or a very large
explosion brought neighbors out of homes
that's when I was tweeted to our Denver
chart here in the newsroom
it says yep it was loud and scary here
in Somerville and also least among other
notes viewers here have also adopted a
hashtag on Twitter called old out of
shakin the river hurricane this year
where we go we've got it like Columbia
maybe what Columbia have it
what Columbia have the hurricane uh-huh
no oh I'm either Uranus ship they would
have the hurricane we'd be safe in
Columbia well your dad said we're gonna
have hurricane this year this is me and
this is you know he goes it's me
you owe me you so here I go again
yeah
no blood uh-oh
how's it going well that's it admittedly
this is a shorter blog because we had an
earthquake now of course I realized we
didn't have no severe earthquake it was
only a 2.5 - a 3.0 so thanks to
everybody who likes and subscribes and
all that stuff and thanks to Bridget for
giving me her cellphone that much I
appreciate what I'm gonna go do now is
login and change the number to mine I
don't think come on where's that other
one well ladies and gentlemen has taught
me to show you
Bridget's new cell phone is this thing
not that's yours come on let me have it
you know what you should have given your
dad money you could have bought a phone
well Craigslist I don't work Oh fella
one of those things like slim jims oh
not trying it snap into a slim jim
hey I don't want any more on your feed
myself if you don't be to kick it for me
I'll leave you like fine shit nigga is
diggin
