what's going on you guys Kibby on the
camera here for to us here right there
and today is Tuesday and today we got
some good news amazing news guys it's
it's more so my news so I shouldn't be
the one to tell it guys
like before today life in this house is
stunned right yeah it's like a general
was just really stinky like really like
pungent and stank and like
vomit-inducing yeah like you know
sometimes you but we're not talking
about me actually it's on me get to the
news I think it's our guys Bridget just
took her first shower of November and
like I'm proud of you gonna lie it might
be the second shower November guys this
was no shower November guys seriously
Bridget jut know it was second shower
though here guys
Bridget just took a shower and I can
honestly say for the first time I want
you to go with me to see my dad without
wearing that hazmat suit that we've had
you acquire every time because guys
cheats done Michael you stole her from
me annoyed didn't know a joke thief guys
today's Tuesday today
Bridget took a bath Oh life's good yeah
this is actually gonna be a cooking vlog
you guys I'm assuming by the title you
already know what we're cooking
unfortunately and I think I just snorted
I heard that can we were wind that to
say my solid goal was rooting around
like a pig you already know what we're
cooking unfortunately you already know
what cooking yeah that was Pig like
anyway anyway we are not aware of what
we're making right now
we are on our way gates
I was late we're on our way right now to
visit grandpa and while we're there
we're gonna tell him to choose what we
cooked for dinner because guys we're
actually going to take them some of this
tomorrow
so dad it's up to you whenever we cook
whatever you see and the title grandpa
chose this is a cooking vlog just left
visiting with Grandpa you guys number
one I'm gonna tell you how that went in
just a minute it went great
awesome number two he chose what he
wants me to cook for dinner and I'm
afraid I'm from I'm guys I'm a little
scared too for dinner tonight we are
making chicken wings chicken wings which
I've never made before we're gonna find
a recipe though and all the stuff that I
can cook I've made gourmet burgers
sliders chicken freakin spaghetti
carbonara I can't make chicken wings
until tonight then you can make them
we're gonna make this chicken wing what
if I fail then we'll tell grandpa about
it and he can laugh at you guys I'm
making some chicken wings dad I hope I
make you proud
that's number one he chose chicken wings
so this vlog is obviously chicken wings
that's pretty typical your dad to pick
the one thing you can't make I know
right make banana nut beveled egg yeah
deviled eggs I can't make deviled eggs
that's what dad wants me to do that's
what I'm gonna do so that's number one
number two guys we're getting really
close to filming grandpa yes like really
close I can't tell you how much progress
he has made his voice is totally back
it's it's amazing two days ago it was
like talking to the old grandpa in a way
you know we're talking to him and he's
you know talking today he's telling
jokes he's being observational he's
being funny yeah laughing hey your jokes
like we're actually talking to him dude
this is crazy you said that you were up
with him last night
this morning real early and he was
talking and I mean literally I got
teary-eyed because it was it was him
yeah this is crazy you guys this is so
much progress so I'm gonna make a
promise to you right now
by the end of the week and I mean by
Friday grandpa's back that's a promise
I'm making it right now
what do you guys wait you like that
Lauren Lauren redid it with a camera hit
her she was doing Anna stop than the hit
her and she started again so guys this
calls for a celebration fart Oh
grandpa's back we're going to the store
to get chicken wings dad smells like
eggs and trash that's because you came a
little closer guys okay oh my god I need
to get away from there Oh God
let's go to the store dad I love you see
you Friday I'll see you before Friday
but they'll see you'll see I know that's
a bold promise to make you guys Friday
Friday grandpa's back and you know it's
bold but I'm sticking to it because he's
good enough to film today so if he's
good enough to film today I know he's
gonna be good enough to film on Friday
because this was Wow
this was this was a good visit so dad
I'm gonna film you on Friday
he keeps asking me he was asking me like
Mike will you go fill me again I'm
getting tired of this it's like dad I
can't film you until I feel like people
aren't gonna look at you and feel sorry
that's no but he was so worried he was
like I don't know forget about me Mike
that's what he said yeah I don't want to
forget about me but I said you know I
don't want them to look at you and say
aw poor grandpa I want them to I want
you guys to look at him be like
grandpa's back exactly if we got that
feeling today you'll get that feeling on
Friday we're filming grandpa this Friday
I'm excited bridging recover this lens
up sure now I'm gonna keep talking she
covered it for no reason I was lying
okay all right I'm just really excited
also I just realized Friday's vlog is
actually gonna be our anniversary oh my
god talk about an anniversary gift get
me nothing else Bridget
I don't want anything all I want is my
dad on vlog that's what I want for my
anniversary and if I get it done she
just saved a bunch of money about her
gift
no don't I already did okay by law I
cannot show you the license plate that
I'm about to talk about however they get
a lot of stares when they drive down the
street okay the license plate parked
beside Bridget says sodomy it really
does guys I wish I could show you it's
kind of illegal it's against the law
it's not spelled the same as sodomy okay
but it says sodomy definitely pronounced
sodomy or even Warren it's definitely
sodomy right how my brain is pronounced
me wait
I guarantee whenever they get pulled
over the cop is like yeah I just poke a
license play this sodomy like oh wait a
minute
maybe it's like Satomi or something cuz
it is spelled with a t instead of a D I
know it's not spelled the same but come
on you do to get yourself into when you
got this come on you want some peaches
sodomy hey man fried chicken time do we
have so much um like I don't know what
it looks like to buy it you know
wait what oh yeah that's it that's it
so watch a hot chilli sauce that's
sriracha right and I think I'm
pronouncing the wrong twitting it's
sriracha
no it's sriracha I'm calling it sriracha
yeah
yeah I'm making sure ah ha honey no I'm
not is it yeah I feel like you should
grab two though - sriracha oz we're
making honey sriracha huh am i
pronouncing that right
um hey Racha I think so I feel like this
incorrect man we're getting at here
right now you guys we've got everything
that we need for the chicken except the
chicken one bird Dylan how many chicken
is it's like seriously so walking into
Walmart for water and they don't have it
right not that I would walk into Walmart
for water but anyway we're leaving guys
we're being followed
yeah there's a guy who's like looking at
us and secretly filming us
come on if you see us in public dude
walk up to us okay it's you know we love
talking to you guys we love meeting you
in public it's weird what I don't know
your intentions when you're secretly
filming okay it's like kind of strange I
don't know getting out of here is he
behind me I'm talking to the audience
I'm filming Oh busy they're just left
Walmart you guys because for some reason
they didn't have chicken so we left the
Walmart and we arrived at Walmart we
went from Walmart to Walmart we are
Walmart hopping today hoping to Walmart
Walmart older they don't understand that
like money Graham Walmart to Walmart has
like a service where you can send money
Walmart to walk
do not enter oh I just totally embarrass
myself
come on open here we go oh my god
Bridget they don't have them here either
I need what's this
clothes just drumsticks I think
drumstick okay this is totally different
they don't got chicken way hey Bridget
you saved dinner
I saved dinner cover the legs up anybody
else notice how I sounded like I was
from the 1920s right there
Bridget you saved an hour sang all right
kid a nice job that's sort of what I
sound like tomorrow hello but yeah guys
chicken wings it's time for us to cook
some chicken you guys I've been looking
forward to this all night this recipe
comes from a guy named John at food
wishes he has a pretty large YouTube
I looked up wing recipes this look good
it is an oven-baked wing recipe
and step one or your wing parts guys I'm
not gonna tell you what I had to do to
get these okay the store didn't have any
like pre-cut so I had to do it myself it
wasn't a pretty sight okay it was
disgusting and they like find ball
bearing joints and like cut around them
and I was popping them and there was
blood and it was disgusting and I'm
vegan and the wings are gone no I'm not
leaving you guys we're making wings
today grandpa suggested wings today
we're gonna do it these are honey
sriracha wings wish me luck
step 1 cutting the wing step 2 is
everything going on this right here is
the seasoning mix it's gonna go over the
chicken you guys first we have 2
teaspoons of salt 2 teaspoons of smoked
paprika 2 teaspoons of black pepper and
4 tablespoons of baking powder yeah I
know people gonna be like baking powder
it's it's weird but it's what you do
guys do I know why no chef Jon from the
recipe website said that it has some
sort of chemical reaction
and science and I dropped out of high
school so I can't tell you but first
we're gonna take half of it and dump it
over our chicken so you dumped about
half and we save the other half so we
got that and we're just got get this
going hey would you absolutely babe so
we're just gonna give these a good mix
you want the seasoning on everything
I've never done chicken wings I'm really
scared I'm really excited I could ruin
everything and I'm making the deviled
eggs here we go
rest of the season goes back over it now
okay oh man I feel like this is what it
would look like if like I opened an urn
hey three we'll be right back you're
making a mess oh no no yell at me
where's wrong with you you're sick Carla
wins
I'm not joking covering I'm mad at you
rger the washing oh no Michael you're
gonna take a shower it's dad's favorite
shirt oh all right folks here we go
we're gonna nice season now you want to
get a pan it has a racket and we just
layer them as such
mmm how's it looking Bridget you see
guys like I said I've never cooked wings
before you don't want these stacked over
each other he said you just want a
minute later so we're at our room we'll
bacon them twice the next step is the
baking process guys you want to set your
oven to about 425 and you're gonna cook
these for about 20 minutes after 20
minutes you're gonna flow yeah we'll
worry about the flipping process in
about 20 minutes
oh I'm so excited whoa I'm making wings
folks I don't know how this is gonna be
everybody has their own definition of
when Christmas actually begins for some
people it's the day after Thanksgiving
when they put up a tree for others just
November 1st when they hear Christmas
music or lately October 15th guys
everybody has their own version of when
Christmas begins me is when I take my
first bite of Christmas cookie I've been
waiting for this sweet delicious day all
year here we go these are my favorite
here we go
Christmas is about to begin hey we're
getting to look a lot like Christmas
cookies in my mouth Oh Merry Christmas
I'm a boy yeah Charlie Brown Christmas
yeah I love it I don't care
time to flip these wings they're not
done yet you guys have got to flip them
and then put them back in now but this
is what they're looking like right now
you guys as you can see they are coming
along really good there are some spots
that still need a brown I gotta flip
them these are looking good you guys
leave that this is gonna be a tedious
gonna be a tedious process so I'll be
right back bear back now that they're
flipped we go back in there you guys for
another 20 minutes
what do you say we make some sauce the
first part to our sauce you guys is 1/3
cup of honey this is a very simple sauce
you guys really really simple liquid
gold honey we're gonna be adding equal
parts sriracha to the honey so 1/3 of a
cup of sriracha red gold sriracha to
that we're gonna add just a dab of rice
vinegar and just a couple of drops of
sesame oil not much this stuff strong
and I see you guys honey sriracha sesame
oil rice vinegar that is the sauce to
our wings gonna stir it up it's gonna
get really loose yeah this is our sauce
I know in the recipe I set equal parts
of Racha with honey but that was a
little too spicy for pickleboy so I
added more honey I equal now I want it
sweet more sweet than hot I don't want
to burn my tongue guys I added more
honey let's check on these chicken wings
Oh Mike I'm gonna drop these don't say
that oh you really babies no yeah just
kidding leave this holy these are oven
banged wings now we gotta go my gosh
you gotta do this part now while they're
hot so
dude yeah look at this
they were like freaking fried chicken oh
my gosh it's awesome so awesome
first up are the hot wings now guys this
is Frank's redhot wing sauce mixed with
butter because that is what they do at
the anchor bar and buffalo Buffalo so so
those wings already
next up our honey sriracha what's billed
oh man oh man those are so perfect
looking restaurant-quality baby freakin
nailed it okay you should try a hot wing
did you give me a man choking oh Michael
yeah Michael I've married me I'll be
honest I'm right I'm trying I can't
lose this man they make wings man
cycling all right folks
there we go folks oh my gosh thumbnail
oh you're so cute
let's get thumbnail these looks so good
alright it's time to try one of these
right now um yeah and I think you should
get some ranch first that's what's wrong
one has this oh man I envy you why do
you always get to try it first cuz I
cooked it you made the deviled eggs do
you I'm trying to immerse yeah nobody
cares about though Oh God
Wow okay it tastes like fried chicken
it's my turn no no no no I get to try a
hot wing oh okay I need a small woman
oh that's the motor yeah
oh my gosh better than any we bought
from with a restaurant seriously it's
not better the angular bar but come on
your turn huh here we go now these are
Bridget's favourite
do they not taste fried oh my god guys I
thought you were gonna taste like baking
powder you don't they're juicy they're
crispy they're flavorful these dude you
got this recipe from you are awesome bro
I just followed you on Twitter
well I need to follow them too ready for
a honey sriracha
are those like not delicious are you so
good Michael
we need ranch and blue cheese stat good
right it is very good a lot of fat comes
when you fry wings and 1 degrees to the
flour I promise you guys it tastes like
fried chicken I'm not joking I tried
boom without sauce it's crispy
it tastes like fried chicken you don't
taste baking powder I'm blown away I
make wings for the first time and
they're bringing delicious come on man
you
