so we are leaving Walmart by Walmart
goodbye Walmart goodbye farewell so
Walmart was packed
oh yeah I just sort of left the buggy
sitting in the middle of you know olace
my life
my god what's happening I feel like
pealed repairing for the zombie
apocalypse I gotta get me some toilet
paper before I pick up my kids from
school so I just sort of left the buggy
sitting in the middle of the parking lot
because everybody return was blocked off
by a car and people were just it was
like Black Friday or something so I said
fuck it
I left the buggy just sitting there so I
apologize to the worker who has to move
the buggy on my behalf my sincere
apology sir oh come on you're joking
come on I'm looking for investors Center
you can come on over
thank you one is best oh I know you're
scared with your job right now me and
Bella are watching the wolf of Wall
Street stop and chose if you haven't
seen this movie it's a must-see
seriously outstanding movie it's worth
way more than the 73 or whatever
percentage got a rotten tomatoes it's an
amazing movie you can watch it on food
ooh right now it's available for
purchase early can't rent it yet but
you'll be able to write in a couple of
weeks but this movie is amazing so check
it out wolf of Wall Street
David on stairs - six hours work sup
Claude what you doing one
give me five all right all right dad
told me 45 minutes ago he'd be here in
10 minutes you know I swear giving him
money that he asked for and he's still
not on time for it I'll be there to move
so I still have people writing me and
asking me what I do for a living it's
constant it's on Twitter it's in the
comments it's in messages and as I've
said I'm not going to say exactly who or
what I work for because I really don't
want people to start like trying to send
phone calls and oh let's get pickle boy
fired the goal is to not let that happen
but I'm a graphic designer I do web
design development stuff like that I do
print stuff for print and stuff wait
that's what I do for a living and Bella
it seems like any time I want to talk
bass when she decides she's thirsty all
right I like a little dog might under
the bowl oh yeah so cute I gotta feel
like to box you know grandpa's money
what that okay we'll take it hey you
can't really have it fuck he really
wants this
you know you told me two hours ago you
would be here and I'll get here when I
damn well get here
I'm giving him the money sup JC so
Johnny you go talk cuz the cameras on
well is 450 that's 100 thank you
hey but you see this you look good but
you ain't you what about a few Turner ok
this is enough yeah Commerce I don't you
to see something and you you you light
goes up man get in here shut the door
early no dad happy day yeah oh yeah
sound like Gilligan me right in ha ha
dad a handsome doe what do you think Jay
y'all come look at this this is a reward
we're from YouTube what's all this like
what's up E
you only one of those thumbs up to see
that's a normal thumbs out good yeah
there it is ready what do you think
about Johnny free it some you can read
you to being a partial congratulation
for surprising 1000 hundred subscribers
not surprising your clothes though so
sis Freddie
yeah good surpassing oh you didn't know
either
I mean I read it right dad was for the
wrong word into his ear we're near could
retrieve in yevo mutt yeah you told me
to move it so I did I can't believe it
man your house is clean you must cleaned
it yes I did I kind of figured binning
be shit damn I was good
well appreciate the money man was it
yeah I did the cleaning you did not
click oh don't lie put the tree upstairs
I'll stand by my son uh I got to get the
money come on
thanks for this 50 Oh
what I gave him another 50 Michael
thanks Mike I'm gonna start hiding the
money by by the way this weekend I got
something coming up I might need about
50 mo well it would it we do I just work
off for a weekend Michael let's go oh
wait I want to ask that question do you
wanna meet you and Bridget and if the
boys are here whatever you want to go
downtown yeah walk around or something
yeah I forgot be really cool
yeah we do it ah
just 200 gone good kid oh darling dark
again
someone grateful it smells so bad
dad I know before you left you farted on
my house Bella calm down what are you
doing yeah it's good God Sam right here
you farted I know it yeah
what if I fart right here Justin you're
checking some Twitter not being me but
your teeth were actually wider in your
last video keep brushing okay I love
your videos can you give me a shout-out
on your next video
things okay shout out to Andrew Thornton
pick a boy do you like sci-fi shows I
suggest you watch Doctor Who by the BBC
it's really good I think you would like
it well I have never seen Doctor Who
before I've heard about it but I'm open
to all shows I like anything that's
that's gripping and entertaining this is
something actually already retweeted
this chick wrote this report if you can
pause it and read this as I scroll down
go ahead but she wrote something it's
very interesting so pause the video as I
scroll past it and read it
alright I think this is like vlog number
6 can't believe it stuck with it I don't
think I would you know cuz there's a lot
of stuff to do so a lot of work but I
stuck with it cuz you guys liked it
so that's it like subscribe I was every
time you change your oil I was how many
owners you've had hey hey I wanna make
sure you weren't you know like a taxi
cab you don't had a lot of passengers
and she said you're crazy
I don't know I'm not crazy I'm cautious
