well it's miserable today to get a shout
outside here can they go out I'm sorry
you guys gotta use the bathroom in there
it's already wet my apologies to you
guys so last night Bridgette swears that
we were haunted if you didn't see the
end of the vlog I was using the Ghost
Box and a voice goes yeah when I asked
is anybody here in Bridgette haunted so
I'm gonna use it again and let's see if
we catch anything
Lewis antenna it's like I have a
cellphone for my 1980 I'm holding a
ghost box that you can talk into is
there anybody in here right now
all those are the dogs are waiting to
come in
except Clyde
alright okay I'm gonna toss a bunch of
treats on the ground and see what
happens
you guys ready yeah Oh was like Hungry
Hungry Hippos it's so cute
leave your van off with one with all
yeah is it I'll take what I can Michael
put on speakerphone don't record this
let speakerphone hold on okay you're on
speakerphone
what I'll put you on speaker oh hell no
I gotta get you because I don't have a
phone for good for making you call me on
bridges phone you need to apologize for
breaking his phone you need not talk to
me like that now you owe me to loan you
$20 know where to hang the shit up he's
got some nerve 50 hours how about I used
to put towards a phone what
oh how do i bitch button this oh my god
it's not giving me the option no he's
gone ahead ignoring my answer um fuck it
hey so dad was over here yesterday and
he tells me to pick up the Christmas
tree that was in my living room and I
hadn't done it yet it's been there the
whole time but it made me think maybe
he's right maybe I do need to move the
Christmas tree so I get it I moved it
the tree is gone the clutter from right
there is gone it's all because dad told
me to move it what do you think Bella
you like seeing the floor there now so
about a week ago I teased everybody that
I had a story about anger grandpa
electrocuting himself when he had his
electric wheelchair and I told people to
remind me and I'm giving messages about
it everyday people want to hear the
story so I'm going to tell it this is
the story of the time angry grandpa
electrocuted himself so it was late 2002
an angry grandpa had this electric
wheelchair it was red and he used to
ride it around the house all the time
and whiz around and he had the thing
going as fast as they could go he would
taken to the flea market with them and
Walmart and grocery stores and that
thing was a bitch to load we had to get
four people to lift the damn thing into
the back of a truck not including me
because I was a kid and I could have
lift the damn thing for grown men to
lift this wheelchair into the back of a
truck and he would take it everywhere he
goes I don't know if we needed it or not
I personally don't think he did but he
sure acted like he did because he took
that thing everywhere and the wheelchair
would need to be charged at the end of
the day when he was done riding around
in the wheelchair he'd have to plug it
in the wall when he went to sleep and
he'd wake up in the chair will be
charged completely well one day he
unplugged the wire from the wall and he
started riding around and he didn't
stuff the wire in this little area that
it goes into the back
instead he just kept riding along and
when he went to backup he turns and he
runs over the wire and the thing is
frayed and ripped open but he didn't
care he wrapped it in tape and figured
that's fine and he would have been right
for the most part the chair was okay you
know it kept riding around the tape held
for a few months and then the tape
started to come undone and the wire
started to get fucked with again he
rolled over it again and finally the
entire wire separated and he couldn't
plug it anymore so he had to either fix
it or not have a wheelchair so dad
decides he's going to fix it and he
asked me to bring him some tape and I
guess I brought him the wrong tape and
he still blames me to this day well guru
gave me the wrong tape well you use the
tape that I gave you so if I gave you
the wrong tape you were stupid enough to
use it so dad wraps the tape around the
wire and he holds it together and he's
holding it or Mogul plug it into the
wall and so here I go I take this plug
in and I push it in next thing you know
dad screams and he sparks the size of
golf balls they just come out about four
of them and dad's screaming and he's a
hits the ground and mom thought he was
dead mom runs over oh my gosh I love a
girl and nobody touch him nobody touch
him mom wouldn't let any of us touch him
because she said oh he was electrocuted
if you touch him you too will become
electrified like I'm gonna go dad and
dad wakes up huh god damn it dad runs to
the kitchen opens the drawer takes out a
knife goes over to his wheelchair and
starts stabbing the motherfucker and
he's ripping the seat up and I'll never
ride a motherfucker again get rid of it
Tina and he was determined to never ride
in the wheelchair again he said he's
gonna start walking on with a walk for
myself again I'm to get my knees back no
more wheelchair for me cuz it almost
killed me and he did it for two weeks
and then he got some duct tape covered
the holes in his seat and he was riding
around the flea market again so I'm not
really sure how you guys feel about the
blogs I know they're getting a lot of
likes a lot more likes than my usual
videos get so that I approach
but if you like the vlogs click like or
say below and so I can really know if
this is something you guys are enjoying
me do meanwhile I'm going to brush my
teeth again this is a way to keep our
teeth couldn't clean my brush your own
camera I'm forcing myself to do it
relax watch your wrestling what are you
doing yeah coming to the ghost dungeon
with me
come on let's call ghost in here yeah
that oughta make Michael feel so much
better
Oh Oh oooh mmm a lot good oh my god the
chicken flavor is outstanding
