you gonna apologize to me or what yeah
okay don't think I need to all right
that's fine
well got some questions for you to
answer regardless Kyle Smith wants to
know boo
he's just some guy named Kyle Smith hi
oh fuck off
why don't you love your son he's your
flesh and blood
give her a medieval hug and say I love
you son hashtag family number one I do
love a son number two the main question
how do I know he is my son I was in the
fire department I would I was working 24
hours every other day ain't no telling
what that bitch was doing he could be
the milkman son the ghost of his son the
hamburger man son ain't no you tell me
Ruby's beside it all hugging you know
another like me I'm hot you're not oh
yeah
hug prove you my son you look like me aw
come here
oh yeah ah what mobile Brandi prefer
best Apple Samsung HTC etc Momo what
like what kind of phone do you prefer
while the don't break with you that's
all of them
Danny no no good do not get the galaxy
uh pass
socks are you better fart or something
no I'm gonna write this which says do
you feel bad for breaking the iPhone no
that is a you question Wow why is it
good what month is this mark mark why is
the Christmas tree still in your living
room oh man so much work can you you you
need got a buddy
I read you there I taught you better
you know do you
get up dumbass
I can't read you says you too Doug tells
this yeah yeah oh yeah my oh wow yes
nice nice
don't break it I'll go push the button
you don't do nothing does a little I
mean what is that no is a button day oh
I'm sorry
you young is out there that that watch
these videos every day
does the lose really blow for y'all this
dope this is heaven has aunt grandpa
show but this belongs to the young uns
and I will thank you all so much for
this I want to thank you all for
subscribing um Kalume is job my you got
anything no I mean you know thanks for
liking and sharing and it'd be wonderful
if it went for the words if it won for
the young and subscribing this would
never happen so thank you so much young
uns um I love each and every one of you
keep watching and keep having your
friends subscribe bye what's going on
you guys right now I'm recording on
BlogTalkRadio which shut the fuck up and
listen and I'm doing some weird like
rapper thing with my hand but I'm going
to show the chat room right now so all
you guys listening at the chat room
start saying some shit for the vlog
because I'm gonna put you on the video
right now so I'm filming the screen
right now please add me LOL video yo
here YouTube
2 Chainz so I'm about to hang this
picture of dad that this chick drew dad
gave it to me to hang what do you want
right there Bridget so I just hung up
the picture and the silver play button
from YouTube and there we go that's what
it looks like
was little bit from afar that's awesome
so that is the YouTube play button and
bang grandpa picture that I now have
hanging I think it looks good very good
together you coming upstairs no look
come on day 2 without a cell phone
day 3 brushed my teeth I'm determined to
do this every day does that meet a goal
so maybe I'll get white teeth 'mentally
hopefully
just watched a movie tonight I highly
recommend it it's called the dirties it
was a movie made on a $10,000 budget I
saw was recommended by Kevin Smith the
dirties is a ten thousand dollar movie
about a kid who's making a documentary
about bullying and there are movie
obsessed nerds and stuff and in the end
of the movie the kid yeah I'm not going
to say it's the end of the movie because
I don't want you guys go you spoiled the
movie but the whole movie is built up to
the idea that this kid is planning a
school shooting and honestly one of the
best movies I've seen in a long long
time one of the for that budget the
acting is amazing it watch the dirties
I'm sitting on the couch in the garage
good luck o shed
is there anybody in here with us who is
stopped oh yeah is there anybody in here
with us okay Ritchie I got it
okay guys sorry
