what's going on you guys keeping a
camera here people were asking to see
what the closet looks like so this is my
closet um I just got up still sick
it's actually worse today I don't know
what happened over the past couple of
days but it's like we grabbed at me and
so I feel like shed probably gonna sleep
today hey I'm the cool look for
something to wear for today what this is
the closet a lot of people are asking to
see it I guess I wouldn't necessarily
say a lot we're asking to see it but I
saw a couple of comments that said show
the closet so this is the closet okay
I'm not going through it for sure uh-huh
you could do that mean that's Tamela you
should try out America's Got Talent
I'm part with a whole million next we
got you two hands let go hands come on
skills all right I think you should
really consider trying out you might
blow them away I mean you said how'd you
figure out how to do that well I knew I
had skill I mean this is just like pick
it up one day and start twirling it
trying to explain that to you if you
listen okay so I woke up one day and I
said okay Michael I know you're the most
talented individual on earth what do you
want to do today and I Drive to do the
impossible that's part of my goal in
life just to go beyond and I said you
know I need to do something that's so
impossible so death to find that nobody
will ever question my talent again I
need to see it again so I spun the mob
you doing
gladly yes he would pay for those okay
you're gonna need to start off like this
okay okay all right this is an important
position uh-huh I could probably
entertain thousands of people doing this
so dad wakes me up he feeds me this
chicken soup made with chicken hands and
then he breaks my fun to piece
he broke my phone I no longer have a
cellphone now I have to go get one and
honestly I don't have the money to go
buy a brand-new phone after I just
bought that brand-new computer so now
I'm probably gonna be well before you Oh
be without a phone for a couple of days
you can have my kind of switch the
number on it No my god this is not fair
if you didn't see it
here's a club here I just turned yellow
ha ha ha yeah I am take your momma
Oh get out anyway that aside I got to
get over it
ah my nephew is here he said he wanted
he said you want a little bit of money
so I said I'd pay him to do some yard
work
how you doing Jay way can I even use
this it has a t-mobile logo yeah you're
just gonna unlock it oh that's mommy
which one is CM punk shirt well see the
shirt you miss him Punk
what are you doing a good job yeah so
earlier I posted on my Twitter account
then I have grandpa answer some of your
questions on my vlog today if you want
something answered ask away and then of
course I had to pose so I done that so I
didn't ask that any questions and said
he broke my phone and left so oh well
but tomorrow's vlog I'm gonna have dad
come back over so then tomorrow dad's
going to answer your questions if you
tweet them to me
at lirik old rap I'm gonna have that
answer some questions that you guys have
right there at lyrical rap on Twitter
and of course follow me while you're at
it it's a cheap ploy to get followers I
admit but I'm gonna have that answer
your questions regardless but follow me
any words you know apologies but destroy
my phone
I care about your phone do you not okay
I'm sorry
yeah no I'm not at all but I apologize I
don't have a phone right now I hate that
dip oh yeah give me that phone actually
vote do you have any others here no this
ain't right dude I got nothing
I got mine yeah we don't need a vote let
me just make a declaration that the word
um you need I don't know which was like
I wanna make a declaration here for you
oh it's something I want to let you know
that you're in for one hell of an April
and a ball hey bull are you ready for an
Eightball
oh my fucking phone no you kidding me
yeah that's gonna be like seven hundred
dollars to replace I even got a computer
what is that
it don't work show 3j battle work don't
work who are you trying to get here I
know you've heard April Fool's Day yeah
but boy you in front April Fool's month
Oh April the month yeah whole month well
you've made see Jude Oh what does that
mean find out I give me two months you
only got mid one I got you two well your
for April Fool's month May seat you fuck
this
well I no longer have a phone thanks to
let me get a shot of him that man right
there all right he destroyed it right
what okay after you vote we're talking
about going
yeah is it ringing no oh man hey brought
you mountain dew I go over today oh if
anybody was wanting to see it there it
is
my former suspects like it's not an
iPhone huh yeah so two days in a row
ladies and gentlemen
circular the comment said doesn't circle
I don't even do it
circular molars the comment said hey no
blood today I spoke too soon
I don't want anymore while you feed
myself if you opt kicker for me I'll
leave you like fine shit hey chicken is
chicken
