they see the treats they all want treat
so first things first I noticed on the
video that I did yesterday people were
asking me why am i giving the dogs
cookies and I explained on video that
I'm giving them dog treats that their
specialty dog treats
I don't know if you couldn't tell
because they have a little dog on the
package and it says tail bangers makers
of healthy and delicious dog food and
treats but that's what it says and I
don't know if you can hear me right now
cuz there's a gust of wind going through
but these are gourmet I don't want to
take gourmet that sounds pretentious but
there's special dog treats and we buy
the we don't buy them all the time but
we'll buy them sometimes when they've
been extra good so that's what these are
they're not cookies for dogs as some of
you were saying you guys want some
cookies I want a yard giving into them
huh Carter's not wanted get that thing
out of my face
he just spit it out in a minute
I'll ladies just took his cake by god
he's smart he always like leaves his
treats somewhere they can buffer more
his cookies right over there
are you serious yeah I see it jelly's we
found it oh he's out collide coming up
to it he takes it
he's rehiring it I don't know if
anybody's ever had these before but
married calendars chicken pot pie style
soup she's also got a chicken and
dumpling style soup I sound like such a
fat ass we're not talking about food but
this is the best canned soup I have ever
eaten in my life I don't usually like
canned soups I know you're like oh uh
but I don't but these ones are delicious
how many calories run this 170 sorry
sport too so there's 340 340 calories in
this so I'm looking everywhere my phone
is missing
I'm pretty sure Bridget took it where's
the phone I can't take this no more
I know I'm being blown up my boss is
probably calling me did you check under
the couch with the phone
no where is it well my phone is gone I
know that it's hmm I knew George I'm not
using this in this pink case cuz I'm
gonna be taking it for the day so you
know I don't think that taking it for
the day and I'm taking out of this
stupid case no my father I will take it
on this case I'm not sure okay what the
hell are you talking about
okay first of all what are you doing in
my house like your car was here doing it
what time was it today
Moses leave okay calm down
I see the thing what do I do by the
freezer yeah turn here I want some can't
see
go go
I don't want it now okay
I want to give people a don't don't do
it to yourself alright let's get out of
here alright
soup tonight so I told Bridget returned
the KFC I told her to leave the KFC cuz
I don't need not gonna be Cartman
addicted to KFC in the kid Casey baby
care let's go so I didn't get the KFC so
now I'm looking for dinner which looks
like I predicted my dinner earlier Mary
calendars while I was out I was trying
to get a shot of the ducks they're
usually out because I wanted to use it
as a segue to insert a clip of me
playing with ducks and I got scared
back when the winter storm happened I
never used it but I'm gonna use it
anyway
ducks weren't out but the footage still
inserted or I will still insert the
footage are you freaking me out
so it's been a pretty good day today
this is officially day 1 of logging now
I'm not going to do it like I'm not like
che tarde or shape what do you wanna be
on camera I don't have any treats for
you you know that right if you're Paul
anyway thank you
y'all go 340 because of it so I'm not
going to be like shake all the Shaytards
who put up these 15 minute videos every
day but I'm gonna record as much as I
can and if you guys want me to keep
doing it keep clicking like and I'll do
it as often as I can as long as it's
something that you guys want to see I'll
keep doing it I saw the news that the
movie trailer voice guy died Hal Douglas
now a lot of people are confusing him
with the main movie trailer voice guy
Don LaFontaine who died a couple years
ago but how Douglas did mostly like TV
reviews and stuff you know tonight on
The WB you know that guy tonight on an
all-new episode of the Gilmore Girls I
think my voice is sort of trailing more
closer to the guy who does the voice
overs for the WWE DVD trailers you know
in a world where there are no more male
event players in the WWE one man stands
up to say I am Superman and I am here
WWE home video presents Superman the
John Cena's story starring John Cena I
also wanted to take a moment to say
thank you to raywilliamjohnson who quit
his show yesterday equals three he did
the last telecaster telecast he did the
last episode he equals 3 last night and
I would be foolish not to take a moment
to say thanks to raywilliamjohnson even
if he doesn't see this because you know
the only reason a lot of you even know
who anger grandpa is right now is
because of raywilliamjohnson
no matter what he said he said we were
fake dad got mad dad still hates him
a matter of fact I record a vlog
yesterday that I sighs not to put up
with dad call him a window licker you
think I can't destroy that shit before
you leave you know you never use it no
more now so can I come in and show you I
really feel about your show I'll take
good job browser
the story every piece and and I'll haul
it all to the street but I didn't put it
up because it's disrespectful
raywilliamjohnson did a lot for YouTube
we did a lot for his fanbase he created
a huge channel with a rabid fan base and
he sent them to us by reviewing us and
so I will be foolish not to say thank
you to raywilliamjohnson for telling
people about us and putting a spotlight
on us that otherwise we would have never
gotten so thank you to ray william
johnson and thanks to all the fans
really the people who who shared us
after ray william johnson shared us with
their friends and those people share
it's all because of you guys that
anybody knows who we are and it boils
down to ray william johnson who told
everybody about us so thanks to you guys
thanks to ray william johnson and i hope
the dude finds happiness and whatever he
does in a world where ray william
johnson is no longer on youtube he's
searching for a new host who could it be
angry grandpa equals three
fuck your chair fuck your house fuck
everything about you and his family she
does not like this chair she is fucking
it up dude quit looking at will I fuck
up this chair this belongs to Yas home
and that's up ahh
Bella's being disrespectful right now by
chewing the chair up she's just enjoying
herself - this is a good dish mmm
get out of there she's uh she got her
teeth out is she hey fella phone who's
in the couch you told me you looked in
it
okay oh crap I forgot to unplug it
alright dad you better be right it's
time to end it I'm going to shut this
right now to be like a scene on saw game
over oh Jesus
stalker here than I thought okay well
that's it like subscribe favorite click
that like button if you want me to keep
doing daily vlogs this would be the
first one that I've decided to do take
you in on a little journey oh man dark
in here hey this is the couch from the
old living room anyway that's it I hope
you guys like the daily vlogs so it's
something that we can keep doing you got
to see what we've done for today I lost
my phone I pulled in the K of seeing
them pulled out because I decided to eat
soup instead played with the dogs I
didn't watch any TV today and I need to
catch up on that so that's it like
subscribe favorite and that's it
