what's going on you guys keep yawning
camera here and people have been writing
me and they told me they want me to
start doing more daily vlogs and hey if
people are interested in seeing it I'll
film it you know you don't know what I'm
watching I'm watching wrestling kingler
and curling with shane mcmahon people
have been saying they want to see it
people been telling me to do it so as
often as I can because sometimes I'm
just so busy during the day that I can't
do it but as often as I can now I'm
gonna film whatever I can to show you
guys so anytime that I can now I'm gonna
try to get something filmed for you guys
daily vlogs this is just stuff that
happens in my life starting with today
current time is 2:15 I woke up at an
hour ago woke up a one o'clock today so
here we go daily vlog number one Jesus
what was I thinking
starting the daily vlog so late how are
you know so if you guys are wondering
why you do that I even do like the
return house it like hey I don't know I
did it I'm gonna keep it in here now has
is if you guys are wondering fuck hey
having a cold if you guys are wondering
why I went from daylight to nighttime
and the flash of an eye is because part
of my daily vlog was ruined by Bridget
now Bridget what made you think let me
start over I was going to wha was gonna
be in Walmart and I was gonna film part
of my daily vlog with my cell phone so I
decided to let Bridget push the buggy I
said push the buggy Bridget I'm gonna
start filming it just a second I pull
out my phone and before I can hit record
Bridget slams the bug into me so hard
sorry let me describe to you just how
hard she slammed this bug into me my
going
everything was a flash I started if I
started to feel like I was about to
throw up I said what the hell's going on
here I was like we got to stop moving
cuz I'm gonna pass out
I hit me so hard that it's gonna shock
through my body and I was about to pass
out
I'm sorry yeah are you yes thank you
that I can't even see you anymore cuz
the light why don't we go let's go to
the front so let's go to the front so
the rain can
I'm sure his as rain I'm sorry please
Paul Jay accepted let's get in the house
so here we are in the front yard now my
daily vlog turned into a nightly vlog
because they knew that already they fimA
grow in the cute so that's the reason
this daily vlog is one going to be so
short but it's the first this is going
to be the first now let me go ahead and
clarify something I'm not going to do
daily vlogs in the sense that I'm going
to do this every day because some of
those days I just want to tell stories
or I got an aftermath to show but a lot
of the time I'm just going to film
because people have been messaging me
they seem to want to see it so if you
want to see what I do every day get
ready to watch television with Michael
so here we are sitting on the front
porch listening to the rain how peaceful
it is it's really late actually it's 10
o'clock at night I decided not to pick
up the camera for a little while because
my foot has been killing me are we gonna
run up on this is a guy running up and
down the street laughing sand shit it's
raining out I'm pretty sure the next
time he runs up he's gonna have a knife
in his hand he's gonna come for me I
will catch it on video me stopping his
assault let's go in I like it out here
I'm sort of filming the yard for a
minute so Bridget likes to buy these
special dog treats whatever
yeah you want something good come here
let me Abela want that give me your paw
thank you please go oh it drunk thank
you go good girl thank you
well all's good you're all gonna get one
blows oh Jesus
treats wrong okay he'll car what are
these cute you go lazy on that Bella
Bella give me your paw
thank you it's the only thing she knows
how to do right now I'm teaching her
things here you go thank you
beef steaks this is gonna be it you guys
you go cried you go lady and here you go
Bell now there's a couple of things that
I wanted to talk about the first is
people have been coming to me and
they've been asking me about you know
grandpa's reaction to the prank vs.
prank video and why can't I tell him
that they were joking I did I wanted to
get his reaction first I wanted dad to
blow up because this guy's talking about
him shit in his pants and tearing down
his house and at least wanted to get
some kind of a reaction first afterwards
I told a dad they were drunk they were
fucking around
you know the TJ's a friend of mine which
TJ is a friend of mine and that's it
they were joking I showed him some of
the prank vs. prank videos he laughed he
likes him he thinks to do his
girlfriend's hot he kept repeating that
over over your goddamned keep you
fucking hot mogul so there was nothing
really happening today nothing to blog
about that they hurt you you hurt the
hell out of me I wish I could have
recorded in Walmart we were just going
for the vaporizer what
before I get out of here yesterday when
I filmed the prank vs. prank video I
also filmed dad talking about Justin
Bieber so I'm gonna upload that the next
couple of days angry grandpa still hates
Justin Bieber so let's just show clip
hey ya if I give you bill guy get on
your turba judges
I got bill got you on your tour bus now
you let me ride your turbines I'll give
you pigeon a 3/4 time you want to be
arguably but we are your mama's danger
pills
we know your daddy's smoking up your
dope we know your friends are drinking
up your liquor we know your friends are
banging your girlfriend be are you
eating by yourself so that's it
hopefully next time I do one of these I
have more stuff going on in my life
because today kind of sucked and I
apologize for that
I'm gonna let I'm gonna end it with you
watching me drink some water I weighed
myself today I lost two pounds how about
that I'm blind by the way
