what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here and today I ask something of
you I don't usually ask anything of the
fans but today I'm gonna do it today I
want you to tweet at Netflix and tell
them to bring back Kenny vs. Spenny
if you don't know Kenny vs. Spenny is a
TV show about two friends who battle
against each other and the winner of any
challenge that they do gets to humiliate
the other one and the show's been off
the air for a few years but there's a
chance that Netflix can revive it like
they did with the rest of development
and the Trailer Park Boys and that's
where you guys come in I would like for
you guys to tweet at Netflix and tell
them to bring back Kenny vs. Spenny now
I'm gonna give you an infinite queue dad
so dad if enough people tweet at Netflix
and say they want to bring back Kenny
vs. Spenny and Netflix actually take
serious consideration that doing so I'm
gonna get you a dog you're gonna have
yourself a dog how about that two
questions okay number one what the fuck
is a kinya spinny number two you come to
ready to feed that fucking dog
no cinco starve to death so you heard it
here first let me talk you heard it here
first suite at Netflix and ask them to
bring back Kenny vs. Spenny I'm showing
you some of the accounts below if you
look below you can see some of the
account their accounts that are saying
and talking about it do I give you an
idea what to tweet and Netflix just
tweet Netflix and say bring back Kenny
vs. Spenny and if you do that a lot
and Netflix actually listens grandpa's
getting himself a dog yes you're getting
one I got a pet you so dad let's talk
about what kind of dog do you want I
know what I got ended up what you're
getting at so but now people do it
grandpa's gonna get a dog that he can
love and he's gonna hold he's asleep
with
stop you're getting the dog now so now
well you got it
stop dude I am NOT gonna get a dog I'm
not you get a baby
you understand me whatever I kill your
idiot I don't know so that's it like
subscribe favorite and Gribble's getting
himself a dog I don't know a car tweet I
don't kill you I'm not any good that's
it
cut no cut off
