what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and karma is still in the
process of beating my ass for pranking
dad and getting him that nurse and going
in the house while he was sick I should
have stayed away I should have listened
to myself and said I'm not gonna go over
there but I didn't and now I'm sick as
ever
I was asleep all day and then Bridgette
wakes me up oh my god Michael you got to
see this so I get up and I see that
there's a shout-out from TJ on the TGM
friend's Facebook page now if you don't
know who TJ from TJ & Friends is here's
a clip fucking walk and shit all over me
no prick you think that's fuckin funny
there's no fucking joke about it hahaha
me your phone oh you think that's funny
I can't fucking see who's the retard
Larry cunt face cunt fucking old lady
mother cunt wife she knows how to raise
piss and shit your mother has no brains
whatsoever all your mother has is a big
fucking troublemaking mouth I'll try a
serious conversation thank you and you
start fucking laughing like a fucking
drug Hey so that's TJ TJ and Friends go
check out his YouTube page below he's
got videos of his father who's like my
dad unfortunately his father's passed
away now but he still got the videos
he's also got videos of him partying and
being crazy and so TJ from TGM friends
posted a shout-out on my page this
morning with him and Jesse from prank
vs. prank now I don't think I have to
explain to you who prank vs. prank is
there they have one of the biggest
YouTube's on the Internet they gave a
shout out to angry grandpa or he Jesse
from prank vs. prank gave a shout out to
angry grandpa check it out
we in the bucket where we be in the
fucking West Philadelphia and this bar
sucks donkey balls
Jamie that's disgusting
like um balls with a fucking finish it
with a fuck DJ
yeah
feller
Oh your house dirty
that cable Jessica's gone
solution
ha stop shitting your pants
see you sweat he's only like 300
right right keep working on that thing
man you keep your be innovative and
fucking I see you blow your Grandpa's
trailer up million Jews
blow it off - on fire what we should do
is show up in his place alive and
running over wood wood against trash man
ducky let's get my and another run up in
his house time up pickup truck Charlie
gray yellow cross Peter you're about to
kidnap and rape the tip I know the guy
that's gonna do it I was out there I was
going
conversation
Michael Bridgette charles greane love
you show me your penis
so that was the shoutout from TJ and
prank vs. prank or Jesse from prank vs.
prank - angry grandpa and I guess my
next step is to show Dad because dad
needs to see what Jesse from prank vs.
prank had to say about him and getting
his house torn down and all that's up so
seriously thanks for the shoutout
I appreciate knowing that people are
actually watching the videos and
responding to them especially bigger
youtubers like that that's pretty cool
had the shadow of my face though it's
kind of strange so like subscribe
favorite and we should kidnap angry
grandpa but it's illegal but not going
to do that and TJ if you want to see my
text me
hey ting you heard what I say there's a
bedroom right next to them drums now did
awful get off them quit acting like your
goddamn twelve-year-old did you hear me
you make me come up there the camera
will be mine
oh that's funny i real confiscate it now
get off the fucking drums front break
your fucking news
