what's going on you guys can be on
camera here and I guess all I gotta say
is karma is a five letter word karma is
a bitch I went over to Dad's house while
he was sick trying to fuck with them and
of course what happens I wake up today
and I'm fucking sick I got a sore throat
I got a stuffy nose headache it's
bullshit I got with that caught but Dad
had because I went over there fucking
with them so it's true
Karma's a bitch and I got it dad called
me earlier he wanted to talk about the
video apparently he'd seen the video
what's usually he doesn't watch the
videos usually I try to I try to show
him the videos because when he breaks
things and he's bent on my hate head
watch what you did but usually can't sit
through him but he watches it oh good
game because that'd be fun
make fun of me motherfucker at Tina's to
be my goddamn nose I don't know I don't
I can't scream you I was gonna shout
right there but my throat kills me right
now it did tears goddamn bitch
so I tell Dad that I'm sick and he loses
it he's laughing for five minutes and me
making fun of me uh-huh
there's your Joe fairness I asked how he
feels of course I feel good then but
they forgive me the nurse so yes dad I'm
sick I got it from you
it's my fault for coming over fuck with
you on video karma got me karma
slithered up and it bit me and I got it
I'm sick now and it's my own fault so
that's the first thing I wanted to talk
about so the real reason that I was
making this video is because I had a
couple of people to write me and the
other day on video I talked about the
fact that one time dad and I were sick
at the same time and they got pissed off
at me and there were some people who
wanted me to elaborate on that story so
I'll be happy to this was about 2002 we
lived in Leesville South Carolina it's
the middle of fucking nowhere there were
woods everywhere and we just lived in
the middle of nowhere
this was around the time that dad was
hanging around with biker gangs and was
selling stuff at the flea markets and
mom had just started working at Walmart
at the time
and I guess she caught something at the
store because she brought it home with
her and they just leveled the entire
house mom got it my brother Charles got
it my two sisters got it then dad got it
then I got it now this was a bad
sickness it would start off kind of like
what I got now
sore throat runny nose you know a little
bit of headache maybe some dizziness but
it got worse
diarrhea throwing up flu-like symptoms
it was just absolutely horrible mom was
seeing shit the night that she came down
with an illness she swore she saw the
reflection of her mother and the mirror
and she swears that that's why she got
sick to this day she'll swear to God
that she got sick because she saw her
mom and the mirror in the bathroom mom
couldn't get out of bed for two days my
brother then couldn't get out of bed for
two days finally gets to the point where
dad has it and when dad's sick he does
it up big you know dad walks around with
a blanket wrapped around him
do you Tina I'd scream Jesus you Bishop
- you all right charlie damn sorry I
can't do the boys go got him oh he's the
old man team Ryan hmm Oh dad just loves
the spotlight being on him
when we're sick goddamn maybe she took
her better hear yourself but when he's
sick Oh guys didn't spot that on me boy
so mom's waiting on dad hand and foot
she's rubbing his feet she's rubbing his
head she's bringing him water and tea
and making him anything that he wants
and then I got it when Dad first finds
out that I'm sick he acts like he
doesn't care Oh God then hope you're
better Bo but as the day progresses you
could tell that he's pissed off that
he's not the only one in the house
that's sick the situation came to a head
when dad and I were both in the living
room and I was at the counter waiting
for some medicine and so was he he said
he had this electronic wheelchair that
he used to ride around the house I don't
even know how much he needed it he was
just using it around the house all the
time just whizzing around everywhere and
he was sitting in it and that was
waiting to get my medicine then I could
see it on his face
so mom gives me medicine and I go oh I
don't feel good dad and that's when he
looks at me what I don't feel good
either motherfucker goddamn how could
one can i what can I be thick for a
change
where could I be when can I be the only
goddamn when they're thick in his
goddamn mouth huh and it went on like
that dad hated it that doesn't like when
anybody steals his spotlight who could
this but my mother cool so that's pretty
much the story not much else to say but
what happened he was sick how I got sick
and they got pissed off at it he didn't
talk to me for a day then when he wasn't
sick of me more and I was the only one
that's sick he started act like a father
again hope you burn the food I really
hope you didn't give a shit yesterday so
that's it like subscribe favorite
Karma's a bitch and if you guys remind
me if you want to hear the story message
me because I have another story about
the time dad's electronic wheelchair he
runs over the cord that plugs into the
wall and he tried to fix it and got
electrocuted that's another story that I
just remembered as I was telling this
blog so that's it like subscribe
favorite and that's it why did I do that
I don't know
Karma's a bitch
