what's going on you guys keep the camera
here and I'm sitting here right now Tina
is in there babysitting dad so how is
our patient doing today he's grumpy he
drinks too much pepto
he's got the farts but I think he'll
make it so dad has a cold and I told you
guys yesterday on my vlog I'm not gonna
mess with a while is it cold well that's
not it against that because he called me
this morning he started cussing me out
for whatever reason who could do buku
where the hell you been I need help so
you need help I got help for you her
name's Tina and she is your registered
nurse for today couldn't ask for a
better nurse exactly somebody so caring
about the patient that they're taking
care of oh yes gotta love him he's
grandpa hey Dad how you doing in there
right here no you notice I got him calm
down in there don't get him going that's
true
the mom bit of rest she's taking this
seriously she is nurse Tina hey that's
the this is the second second nurse
named Tina that's taking care of him
well I'm telling you what I'm reading
this story right here what even is that
book it's called counting with the cats
I think you'll like that how many
characters was dead oh good luck in
there let me go ahead I'm sorry
come I listen counting with the cat this
will help you oh my god then there were
two there were two children there were
three there were two children in one cat
can you say child one cat meow yeah yeah
yo got at the LA yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah some reason she
likes a little hot sauce in it alright
it's weird I don't know yeah stop
provoking her
stop being so me to promote she's just
trying to help you damn yeah when they
would you bring her here for because you
told me you needed a nurse maybe that
did I mean it economy all word she's hot
for you so I'm about to leave in a
minute leave dad with his new home nurse
something like dude ah I wish you luck
what I'm wishing you luck I wish you
kiss my ass why bring a damn woman in my
house Dean I go over the corner coudl
I'll go say you're smarting off at me so
anyway hope you feel better get out of
my house Michael take her with you oh I
can't take away my paper rocky river
house up
I'll call god damn son well you would
hope that me you would call Somerville
one the person I hired to hear you yeah
sure would I'm old man I can't be having
that boom hey Tina I think he's okay
never mind
