what's going on you guys keep me on the
camera here and I know that last night I
said that I wasn't gonna mess with dad
when he's sick but this morning dad
calls me on the phone and he's cussing
me Abbi
you know he calls me I think I got him
about noon and I saw that I had four
missed calls from dad so I called him
back and dad's going blowing into my ass
Oh would it fuck you big guy yeah yeah I
need polka Hill where are ya and so I
tried to come over I brought him some
stuff I got some cans of soup and
everything and he was still on my ass
so I decided dad needs a nurse which is
where tomorrow's video comes in and
which is where this update is coming in
tomorrow I'm uploading a video where I
got dad his nurse he needed some help
and I got it for him so take a look at a
quick preview this is the upload for
tomorrow
grandpa's nurse prank or I don't know
what I'm gonna name it yet actually
but here's a preview well I'm trying to
what I'm reading this story right here
what even is that blue it's called
counting with the cats I think you'll
like that for me characters was there
were two there were two children there
were three there were two children and
one cat
what'd she do so that's it like
subscribe favorite and dad I hope you
like your new nurse I hope she treats
you well and tucks you in and let's hope
she doesn't have to shove a thermometer
up your ass
