what's going on your guys QB on a camera
here bridge a West here and it is about
nine o'clock at night right now I assume
this video is gonna go up around 1:00 in
the morning light tone now and I wanted
to give everybody an update so the first
update I'm gonna say is people would ask
me how's the diet going it's going
we're still on it still losing weight I
just don't want to jinx it and talk
about it anymore I don't want to say oh
I lost this much weight you know it's
not dramatic I've lost probably another
you know eight pounds since the last
video my update about it so that's that
update so to get that out of the way
first still on the diet so this was the
project for today we had to clip our
palm tree because the storm killed it oh
thanks a lot weather report I had to cut
the grass what are these things the why
are they all bent up like that they're
bent so the next update that I wanted to
talk about is the fact that people have
been saying where's the anger ground
Paul videos how come I haven't posted
one in the past week or so and the first
thing is nothing's really happened if
he's not breaking anything or you know I
got nothing to show I got nothing to
show but second of all he's been sick
grandpa has a cold and I don't want to
fuck with a guy every cold he gets I
don't want to be that guy
I don't want every time the dad has a
cough there I am right behind him hey
Dad what's going on so I wanted to give
him one sickness to himself because
believe it or not dad does not like
having his sicknesses taken away from
him I don't know if I've told the story
before or not on video but there was a
time that dad came up with a cult or a
sickness whatever it was and he passed
it on to me and how dare I
because soon after I got sick and dad
got so pissed off that he and I were
sick at the same time that he was pissed
off at me but god damn well can I just
be thick alone I'm sorry the next thing
that I wanted to talk about is something
that I'm
I have to add a try Bridget and I were
at Walmart earlier and we saw something
I'm gonna make that try it bacon
flavored Pringles dad so big on bacon so
we're gonna see if once he pops he can't
stop really the reason I'm doing this is
because I don't want to help bridge you
get any of the bags out of the trunk
now that's okay you got those bridges
gone Oh
pretty much all of the problems that I
was having with the W network have been
fixed I can skip wherever I want they
let me skip to any matches that I want
so if we want to watch a specific match
on the show I can just skip to it and it
loads instantly and it doesn't freeze
anymore and that's a loud car this video
is really an update for me to have an
excuse to watch a bridge do all the work
around me here birds you get the bags up
from out the house another update yes
there are many updates in this video
that's why it's called an update dot dot
an update I've been playing South Park
the stick of truth all day and I gotta
say it's amazing I had to play it on the
ps3 they don't make it for the ps4 which
is absurd South Park the stick of truth
is as comedic and funny and humorous I
think all three of those are the same
thing and entertaining as a real episode
of South Park
it looks like an episode of South Park
it plays like like you're watching an
episode of South Park get South Park the
stick of truth
IGN gave it a 9 out of 10 I'm gonna
agree with that give it 9 out of 10
maybe take off a point from the tin
because there's just too much fighting
and I just want to roam South Park but
you can do that you can run from the
fights I would show you the game but the
new YouTube rules state that I can't
show any game clips or they'll flag my
video so sorry
can't show the you can't show the clips
of south park the stick of truth but
trust me it's amazing what that's felt
where
you got those don't forget them
I mean I would help for there's no more
bad wrong another update that's right
another one
I'm fixin to do my next hate mail video
because I've been getting some of it
lately some of them are humorous so I'm
gonna do another hate mail video that's
coming soon so get your hate mail and
now really that's what this this part is
about cuz I know once I say it I'm gonna
get more say you so some people can hope
that their hate mail gets home video I
don't know if I'll use it because I've
got a lot already but hey give it a shot
so like subscribe favorite got videos
coming
that was your update I better actually
help bridging out because she's giving
piss up I was just joking about not
helping her but she has been doing more
I watched her walk though the trash and
anyway that's it see you guys
