what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and today I was talking to a
friend of mine named Jim and we were
talking and he asked me what is one of
the worst stories that I have to tell
about my family getting into an argument
and it hit me there's a story that I
haven't told yet which I would consider
to be the worst argument my family has
ever gotten into so in the house for
this argument would be me my brother
Charles my sister Jennifer my dad and my
mom and it was all five of us and it
just spiraled out of control
so mom was working in the photo Center
at Walmart at the time and she had a
routine where she would like to buy DVDs
and stuff and bring them home well one
day she decided to ring herself up and
buy Joe Dirt on DVD now Walmart has a
rule where you're not allowed to ring
yourself up if you're an employee which
makes sense because you're opening the
register and you can possibly steal out
of it and so mom got fired from Walmart
for ringing herself up because she
bought Joe Dirt because they thought she
had tried to steal it she produced the
receipt they saw later on that she did
in fact pay for the movie but it didn't
matter she lost her job so mom got home
and she was afraid to tell Dad she you
know I know what happened I got fired
oh my god Purdue Mayans and mom didn't
tell Dad for a week mom did not tell Dad
that she got fired from Walmart for an
entire week finally at the end of the
week comes dad goes - you were - fuck
you how many goddamn hours you got this
week and mom just tells him like ass no
big deal
I got fired like what the fuck mom
continues to forget it like it's no big
deal
now you're fired man with the phone yeah
well I was doing the cigarette thing mom
wasn't really a smoker at the time so I
don't know why I was doing that dad is
pissed off he's not talking a few hours
goes by
finally he decides he wants to dwell
into it went ahead is your five for a
bitch they said I was stealing a DVD
where did you stood man fuck you you
gonna cues me some shit like that and
that's what happened dad accused moment
stealing the DVD and it fucking spiraled
out of control
mom take Soledad's shit that
to his mother and he she starts smashing
it now mind you this was only a few
years after she died so the wound was
still really fresh so mom smashing all
the shit she's throwing it in the yard
dad takes a hammer and he starts beating
the shit out of the entertainment center
with it this is with DVDs and the
corners and shit and the TV that falls
on the floor and he starts beating the
TV with it and there was fucking Sparks
and moms go you fucking crazy man
we had a big pool in the backyard mom
goes in there with a knife and starts
stabbing it and she's just stabbing the
shit out of the pool and cutting the
liner up and dad's you goddamn bitch
dad's flipping out mom's flipping out
now my brother gets involved starts
yelling at dad for messing with mom yeah
I'm a mother fucking mom's face dad
takes the fucking coffee table and flips
it and the coffee tables are made out of
glass and it just shatters the glass
goes everywhere now my brother and my
dad are face to face like they're about
the fist fight so I take an acoustic
guitar and I swing it as hard as I could
of the back of my brother's head and the
guy was expecting like a big wrestling
thing like Jeff Jarrett when he hit
somebody with a guitar that's not what
happens all that happened was the guitar
boom it makes a loud noise it cracks
like a piece of it and the guitar
separates from the neck and it's just
hanging there and my brother goes uh-uh
he gets up off the ground and asides he
wants to beat my ass so he picks up this
glass candy dish filled with candy and
he throws it at me I duck and it hits
the wall and explodes mom and dad are
and separate pass at this point mom's
going I'm moving to fucking Charleston I
want a divorce
good bitch get the fuck out of my life
and it was seriously just one of the
most devastating arguments we've ever
had mom hey dad dad dad hated mom dad's
hands were bloody from punching walls
and breaking shit my brother's head was
bleeding from a guitar we were going our
separate paths this was the end of the
family this was the first time they were
in an argument where I said family is
over but we have no more family anymore
we're all going to be separated at the
end of the day when it was all said and
done the fucking kitchen window was
busted out dad had thrown everything out
of the fir
generator the glass table in the living
room was destroyed my guitar was broken
glass candy dish on the ground the pool
was spewing water all out of the lawn
the entertainment center in shambles on
the floor and what happens next
dad and mom go to the room and ten
minutes later we're leaving the house to
go eat Chinese for dinner I don't know
what happened in that room what happened
in the discussion but mom and dad were
in there for five minutes they came out
it's as usual we're going to Chinese
