what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here and yes this thing is still
here and today I wanted to do a video
that people have been asking me to do
ever since I got the Xbox one they want
to review they want to know which system
is better what do I think is the better
system here we go I'm going to do it
right now starting with the Xbox one so
I guess the first thing to point out
that I think would be a kind of a cool
feature to have on the Xbox one is Xbox
on now it's turning on and because I'm
standing in front of the Kinect it's
going to recognize my face and it's
going to sign me directly into my
account now that's kind of cool now for
those of you who don't think that it's
actually recognizing my face watch this
Xbox turn off yes
so the Xbox turns off now what I'm going
to do is stand off to the side and not
let it recognize my face and see if it
still signs into my account xbox on now
if you can see I stood up to the side
and it says to sign in so that's a
really cool thing about the Xbox one
that I can tell to turn on I can tell it
to turn off however it's not so cool
that what do you don't
oh I stood in front of it and it signed
me in it recognized me and signed me in
how about it it's not so cool of a
feature that it makes me love the Xbox
more because seriously first of all the
controller's not turned on so you still
got to do that and the controller would
turn the system on by itself anyway so
saying Xbox one or Xbox off would it
matter because chances are I'm going to
hit that middle button and turn on the
controller anyway which would turn on
the system so that feature is as cool as
it is it's not really necessary now here
comes the second part about it TV let's
click TV as you can see it says we've
lost your TV signal and the reason that
is is because
off my TV from the Xbox it was cool when
I had I was like whoa I got TV on the
Xbox I can say Xbox turn the channel MTV
Xbox watch Fox Sports one and it would
go to it stop listening the thing
listens but then I found myself leaving
the Xbox on all day because I was
watching TV on it and that couldn't have
been good for the system not to mention
it felt to me which might not be true I
don't know but it felt to me like the
quality of the HD TV went down some when
I was watching on the Xbox when you're
downloading games on the Xbox one
you can't play them as they download now
a lot of people are going to say you can
the problem I had is playing games that
I download while they download for
instance I could play Dead Rising 3
about 30% into the game while it was
downloading but that's because I had the
disc if I wanted to play peggle too I
had to wait until it finished
downloading which that's not the same in
the PlayStation 4 I can download and
play games as it downloads it's going to
reach a certain point but then I can
play the game the next problem would be
simultaneous downloads the Xbox one for
some reason only lets you download one
thing at a time
and that sucks that's a problem you can
only download one thing at a time so
when I got the Xbox I had to install
Dead Rising and I couldn't do anything
else or install anything else while that
game was downloading I couldn't download
the blue letter blu-ray player I
couldn't download netflix I couldn't do
anything else on the system until that
finished one download at a time
graphically they're both pretty closed
it's not like one's like so much better
than the other one you know any like I'm
going to say Oh PlayStation 4 plays in
1080 because I can't really tell
of course the graphics for Dead Rising 3
are kind of shitty but that's for the
development that's the developer because
the graphics for rise is pretty damn
incredible they got really good graphics
on that game so really in terms of
graphics there's not such a big
difference that I can tell so it comes
down to little things and a lot of
people are going to say the Xbox has
their own little things because you can
watch TV on it and all that
up but I don't watch TV on it because I
unhooked it because I didn't like it I
didn't like the TV you know it's cool
that I can talk to it Xbox Xbox go to
Netflix so that's cool that stuff is
cool the Kinect is a very big plus so in
terms of like functionality and stuff
Xbox one has it on the PlayStation 4
because of the Kinect because the Kinect
is kind of cool it's much better this
time around it's much more fluent it
understands you more so that's my review
of the Xbox one it's a decent system it
plays games the same level as the
PlayStation 4 but the problem is
simultaneous downloads you can't do it
TV function I don't use it because I'm
afraid of burning out the system because
I'm using it all day and they're both
kind of the same speed and stuff so
there's no real winner in terms of speed
and graphics they're pretty similar I
guess you would have to go to if you
like TV and you like to connect the Xbox
one is the system for you now let's go
to the PlayStation 4 so what I was
touching on when I said that it didn't
really matter if you were there to ask
your Xbox to turn on or off has this
since that you got to turn on the
controller still so if you do all that's
going to do is turn the system on
yourself anyway so it doesn't really
matter that you're there to say Xbox on
so as you can see on the PlayStation 4
menu we have all of our games right here
just whatever I want to play the right
here on the line just go down I can play
what I want you click down on it you get
a list of the game what it's about that
kind of thing
that's my dog drinking water by the way
I go down here I can see all the updates
and stuff people are doing somebody's
playing in BA somebody's playing outlast
somebody's playing theif you know stuff
like that so I like how it's all here
it's all just in one place for me to
play how much are you drinking Claud now
one of the problems with the Xbox one
was the fact that you can have
simultaneous downloads now with the
PlayStation 4 you can have simultaneous
downloading and I'm going to show you
right now now this video file I recorded
last night this is actually the second
time that I've done this review I
recorded one last night but I didn't
like the file because you know I wasn't
getting my point across correctly but I
did download some stuff simultaneously
so you guys could see and be I don't
want to download anything right now I'll
just show you that file so you're going
to see I'm wearing the Jersey and
everything but this was last night
regardless so as you can see right now
I've that just downloaded already rather
quickly I got the update valper basement
crawl basement crawl in Zen Pinball -
all downloading simultaneously right now
so if I was doing this on the Xbox one
I'd be downloading the update file for
basement crawl while waiting for that to
finish so I can download the update for
Zen Pinball - and it's absurd
with this I can download simultaneously
they all download the same it's quick
basement crawl is going to download in
ten minutes one of the other excuse the
pun plusses for PlayStation 4 is
PlayStation Plus now PlayStation Plus
gives you free games whether that be for
the PlayStation 4 or the PlayStation 3
so let's go to PlayStation Plus and
let's see some of the free games right
now right now outlast is free resto gun
warframe and that's it for the
PlayStation 4 however for the
PlayStation 3 there's a lot more video
games available for PlayStation Plus and
I'm going to go on the internet because
I don't feel like going upstairs to
check the PlayStation 3 I'm going to see
what's available for the ps3 for
PlayStation Plus so these are the
PlayStation Plus games for the P
is three we got remember me payday to
Metro Brothers Bioshock uncharted 3
whatever the hell that thing is
XCOM Borderlands 2 and not to mention
for March they're going to be releasing
the the brand-new Tomb Raider game with
Laura Croft free on PlayStation Plus
users for ps3 now that alone is a reason
to just go ahead and get the PlayStation
because PlayStation Plus is seriously
one of the best things that I could rave
about when it comes to the PlayStation
because they're just really giving back
it's all these games for free you just
download them and you know as long as
you keep when your hard drives you got
them so if I'm going to compare the
system's I'm going to say the Xbox one
has the Kinect and the Xbox one has the
TV functionality then I'm going to say
the PlayStation 4 has simultaneous
downloading the ability to play the
games in 1080p suite system has their
own things that are good and bad either
way both systems are good if you want a
brand new system I would choose to
PlayStation 4 because it's my favorite
of the two I think it's smoother I think
it works crisper I think it looks better
you know the simultaneous downloading is
a big thing for me not to mention the
fact that the Xbox one does not have the
WWE Network and the PlayStation 4 does
so that's it for now like subscribe
favorite and just play whatever you want
have fun just systems or systems there's
no reason to have a console war and what
are you doing Claud as my wallet
