what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and yeah there's that today
I always got something going on in my
face anyway yesterday was the debut of
the WWE Network now if you don't know
what the WB network is the WWE Network
is an application for computers and
tablets and smartphones and PlayStation
4's and Xboxes and is an app and you
download the app and it gives you live
w/e programming it also gives you
archived shows like Raw and Smackdown
NXT and superstars and it gives you
every pay-per-view that's ever air for
WWE and ECW in WCW and it's just loaded
with content now on top of all the
content that you're giving you also get
access to every pay-per-view that airs
every month
now the pay-per-view is that error of
your month cost about fifty five dollars
a month if you want to watch them in HD
now you get them on the network with all
the extras for only $10 a month so
getting the pay per views alone is worth
the price by itself and as I've seen the
live TV aspect of it works relatively
pretty good so with that alone the WB
network is already worth its $10 price
tag however people want to know what
it's like because some people don't have
it yet they want to see it they're
undecided about getting it so I'm going
to do a review right now with the
PlayStation 4s version of the WB network
so you go to the WB network you've got a
TV and video and you find the WWE
Network and you click it
okay so there we go we are now loaded
into the WWE Network now if I want to
just watch what's going on right now for
one see what's going on live on the WWE
Network I just go to one now and I watch
and I am now live on The WB network
seeing what's happening right now so
that's the live aspect of the WWE
Network however people want to know
about the other stuff about the archives
and what other kind of shows they offer
so that's why I'm going to show you
right now so let's check out some of the
dota TV network originals there we go
now we have Wrestlemania rewind beyond
the ring and countdown I'm just going to
throw on countdown real quick now
countdown is a show that gives you the
top whatever in this episode that's on
the network right now it's the top 10
catchphrases now Thursday night on The
WB network is NXT arrival now that is
something that I encourage all of you to
see because first of all NXT is the next
generation of superstars before they
make it to the main roster this is where
I first found out about Bray Wyatt and
you know NXT is what you want to be
watching now NXT arrival comes on
Thursday night at 8 o'clock and they got
a bow whatever the fuck are you guys
last time we're going to see Bo Dallas
go one-on-one with Adrian Neville in a
ladder match for the title and we're
going to get a rematch of what is
considered probably match of the year so
far
Sami Zayn versus Antonio Cesaro
what a fucking match that was and that's
something I encourage all you to watch
on it on it's on here now if you go go
to NXT on your schedule you can go ahead
and watch it we have all these episodes
of bran smackdown and I wanted to see
just how far back they go so I went to
select year and we have 1999 or no of
1993 1998 2012 2013 and 2014 of raw
replays now that's impressive to have
that much that many episodes overall
they have the same thing for Smackdown
and superstars in NXT this thing is just
loaded with content now that does not
mean there's no problem
because there are some problems believe
me and that's what I'm going to get into
right now one of the biggest problems
with the WWE Network as of right now is
the fact that you can't resume if you
stop a movie
you can't resume the movie it starts
over for example here I am at old school
wrong as you can see it has started we
have gotten to this far into it now
I'm going to pause old school raw at a
certain section and then we'll go to
resume it so the show has begun let's
pause it let's go back okay it should be
paused now and resumed so started let's
start the show okay so we got our little
TV PG title card and it starts over
that's a major problem for somebody who
wants to stop watching for a minute or
go somewhere or just leave you know I do
this what Netflix all the time
let's just go to Netflix and let's check
it out and just see if it's the same so
I'm going to go out to the main screen
I'm going to hop over to Netflix so
let's go to an episode of house of cards
Wow I can resume season 2 episode 1 from
when I started watching it last week I
decided to rewatch the whole season but
loosely this I have been fearless did
you know what and he goes back where I
left off now then let's talk about
another problem that plagues they did
whatever you a network and that is
loading so now let's talk about how long
it takes for something to load if you're
trying to watch something archived shows
let's go to a dhobi wev paper this kinda
armageddon arm again in 2008 let's play
Armageddon 2008 now the problem here is
it takes so long for something to load
if you want to say go to the middle of
the show so here we are the show has
started I'm going to go all the way
let's say 30 minutes into the show
which we're there now play now it's
waiting to go 30 minutes into the show
and it really does take a long time to
get there
in fact I'm using this camera on my face
right now to save time or to just kill
time and I may even have to cut it
because I'm waiting so let's cut right
now it's been about 6 minutes that I've
been waiting to go 30 minutes into the
show 6 minutes now considering the fact
that you can't resume that's pretty bad
if you stop off at 30 minutes into the
show and you want to go back to where
you were and you can't let's say I
paused it at the last match and I go
back and I decided to go kill some time
go do some stuff before I watch the
match then I go back and I hit play and
it starts the show over now the problem
is it's gonna take me from what seems a
half hour to go to the end of the show
again because the loading time is just
so bad I'm still waiting look at this
Wow and that just went back who can geez
perfect timing to turn the camera I turn
the camera back and it goes back to the
main screen that must be a new glitch so
let's hit play and let's see if it
starts me over oh of course it does so
that's one of the biggest problems that
I'm seeing right now is the resume in
the loading time now just for comparison
I'm going to go back to Netflix and I'm
going to go to something different and
because a lot of people going to go
house of cars was already loaded I'm
going to go to pulp fiction let's go to
pulp fiction and I'm just going to road
load a random part of the movie and see
how long it takes it to load I'm gonna
do 30 minutes like I did with the w/e
I'm gonna go 30 minutes into the movie
30 minutes
you see the difference there the movie
loaded instantly can you believe that
and now if I go back like I want to I
can resume playing now I can't do that
with the WWE Network and that's a big
problem that's gonna be a big problem
for a lot of people now that's something
that they need to fix and I think that's
something that they're gonna fix I hope
that they're going to fix otherwise the
Devitt e network is not going to be
worth using because you can't watch
nothing so to close my review of the WB
network I would say the biggest things
are you need to you need to get it shows
that can resume you need to make it work
and load faster if you skip to a bigger
you know later portions of the show and
we need a search button those are the
biggest things plaguing the WVUE network
right now however the thing is still
amazing it's amazing when it works it
really works we got all those paper
views and we got all those shows and get
the live content and we have the after
shows too raw on the pre shows and the
pay-per-views can't forget we're going
to get the paper views now for only $10
a month it's an amazing deal and if once
they get the kinks out it's going to be
a really good thing to have so if you
like wrestling get the WB network
because it's amazing and all these
problems I'm sure will be fixed so
that's it like subscribe favorite and
get the WB network
