what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here and today it's time for my next
unboxing the Xbox one here we go
everybody the Xbox one so we first
opened the Xbox one we look at the
camera I guess this is alright headset
controller Clyde go quad you looking at
the Xbox nope he's out of here
alright take off all the stuff we are
sitting here looking at my brand-new VCR
or I mean Xbox one series it looks like
a fucking VCR if you forgot what VCRs
look like here you go
so here Kalai could you stop doing it
now so here we are we're looking at it
this is the Xbox one I'm hoping I don't
got one of the defected ones that start
clicking when you turn it on but I'm
going to find out in a minute so right
now it's downloading an update but in
the meantime I can show you the games
that I got for it mean that I got call
of duty and stuff for the PlayStation 4
I decided to get Dead Rising 3 and Ryse
son of Rome which I know nothing about
either game but I decided to get those
to go with the Xbox one got the
PlayStation 4 next to it talking to
Bella
let's say you want the Xbox one to hurry
up an update Xbox watch TV just
strawberry tree then more frozen banana
pecans and finally some business let's
got me watching TV well it looks like I
got myself a working xbox so that's it
got an Xbox one and it works
I got a two-year warranty on it in case
it don't Bella fell asleep in the mean
time waiting for me to get a started
bill what do you think about this Xbox
one she don't care that's it like
subscribe favorite and the Kinect is
listening to me it doesn't know what's
going on it's like don't throw all kinds
of shit
