you everyone here you're talking about
god damn get him up again I'm drying
food okay
yes I'm quite dry again we're trying to
bond you with the camera you know this
ain't necessary god damn you overpacked
it I always do get more few money why
are you two standing there for
what the fuck
phone it I don't know it wasn't it's not
working
goddamn thing bro I don't know what's
wrong with it
all right okay
hey never go right again Jesus Christ
stop it couldn't fig no please come on
fit oh come on
else can you do to it no I got no job
you got no door you get him off no no
you do
thank you Michael
what oh it was a big tear in the bottom
Martha the thing shit so fucking red
where I'm joking Jesus man use that
towel wipe your ass with dads want to
talk never trust your son because you'll
give you Jo you're he'll make you break
again he'll call you Dan Jo drinking
right ass I'm sorry no more dry oh I'm
sorry I said don't direct me with that
thing in a war yeah Oh so how you draw
those clothes I'll repay you Oz by now
so that's it the more we just hang them
outside you can also kiss my ass
somewhere any of steal someone's do your
clothes do everything around here bro
you're making a brand new fart
compliation on your own
I mean need them a dry I'm gonna get you
if you're gonna dry out in around your
house you new close to me I don't want
to be the shit or a good ride there was
a sinuous rider goodbye one anyway they
get a order by if I get any what the
governor I promise I will not let
Michael and Bridget in the mansion yeah
they're not invited
I'll have all had the guards all the way
out boy we can really do some cooking
for grandpas in that kitchen goodly so
remember both for grandpa tell my go-to
cheese yellow house for breaking my
dryer and Bridget just why say anything
so by Ellis how's the ollie I'm done old
in the morning oh hey
