I don't know guys I just went into dad's
room right it was a whole other family
where is he
what's going on you guys tip you out of
camera here is he right there and today
is Monday today is Monday and today is
hopefully the day guys
Oh grandpa for days and days has been
waiting to get out of the hospital he
was supposed to go Friday and move
through a rehabilitation center but
unfortunately one thing has led to
another and he's still there and yeah
furious about it he's so mad he thinks
you're all liars he wants nothing to do
with us right now guys yesterday I was
in there anything you ain't on my side
you just want to keep me in here and I
got mad at him I was I was like dad that
is BS man that is not drunk doing
everything I can for you and he wasn't
yelling at me
what I do I'm trying here at least he
was yelling at you it was actually nice
seeing I know it was real it was good so
guys today is Monday and today hospital
needs to hurry this up and get him
moving because he's blaming me at this
point
and if he don't move today I don't think
I'll be allowed back in the room I'll be
honest he's oh yeah if he doesn't get
moved today he's definitely going to
think you are keeping him there damn
fool is what he's gonna think he already
thinks that dad I promise you I'm trying
to move you out of this hospital that's
the goal guys today is Monday let's go
to this hospital and let's talk to some
nurses dad you got to leave today yes it
is way too cold Bridget I know I gotta
get a hoodie yeah or like look at this
I'm wearing shorts okay all I have are
shorts and like whimsical little
t-shirts gate closes I don't have like
it's too windy
whew it's freezing it's freezing we've
hit the ice age
you remember read about that on the
Internet it's here guys guys it's not
2020 the Ice Age is here 2017 by Michael
Oh leave
you're sick just got to the hospital you
guys Bridget was like totally holding up
traffic just now like she saw somebody
walking to like a really good parking
space
like parking is really hard to find it
exactly and so she saw somebody walking
and she's like I'm just gonna wait we're
just like nineteen cars behind you and
they're beep images they don't care so I
got out of the car I was gonna record
I'm very happy I was gonna record but I
left the camera in the car so like I
want a film 19 cars beeping that bridge
but anyway guys we're at the hospital
dad see in a couple minutes
please don't blame me stop snap my fault
yeah no it's not my fault that was the
embarrassing
no where is he take your tags didn't
even check in them what's it matter
because if they moved him they're gonna
tell you so go to your room right No
I don't know guys
I just went into dad's room right it was
a whole other family in there
where is he like wouldn't like a
birthday party why is that
I know there's like balloons hey I like
what like guys didn't like yeah over the
door these other peoples like huh
and they were balloons it was cake there
was happiness I said where's my dad cuz
this is the wrong name yeah obviously
there's too happy to be his room so what
the hell call Lauren poison oh hey it's
me
I just went up to Dad's room and he
wasn't there so I'm not sure like
exactly like where he is so if you like
he's in a new room I need to know so
yeah all those back I was in the room
what do we do
maybe we can ask what they're gonna tell
us we have to look at no thing it's you
ask questions yeah what's room install
Irina they're gonna go he's not in this
hospital
oh yeah you want to eat yeah I mean wait
for this call at least again they're
lies I walked into another room and
interrupt like a birthday party or
something it was funny but it's
confusing at the same time because where
is he it was funny to you because I was
like quite I was like huh who are you
get out
that's that huh why isn't he in that
room you better not be back in there
don't say it do you think I don't want
to talk about it oh you're so recording
right now my mind is thinking the worst
I want to apologize for projecting that
own to the vog dude we should check the
ice to you fate won't give us okay I'm
sorry
let's just go to Larry's and wait for
Lauren to call okay and if they don't
call then we come raising hell okay
I'm sorry you guys but I went to the
room and he wasn't there Jennifer no try
calling Jennifer - have you heard from
dad or Lauren
I'm at the hospital he's not in that
room yes it was hit dude there's a whole
different family in there where is he
yeah she'll know shit well please help
me reach Lauren okay you rid of the
attitude number one that's number one
number two I'm sorry for please help me
find Lauren thank you please I'm sorry
well you should smoke what I do right
guys this is let's go hilarious
hey I've been trying to get in touch
with you just call me back as soon as
possible
I really don't know what's going on so
just call me me or Bridget either one of
us yeah so call you but you need to eat
I don't even care about this right now
understand why don't you just text her
she's not answering texts she's nothing
at Sorbonne obviously maybe she weren't
talking right now what
what
Michael what do you want what are you
seeing she sent a text message
really
what say hey I tried calling we just
moved your dad to the place at Mount
Pleasant you got on the way there right
now I will give me the room number when
we get there so happy right now said
he's ready to work that was like two
hours ago
oh my god yeah I told you attack why do
you wanna like turn it into something
different because you're being
ridiculous right all of this could have
been avoided I told you chuck in the
elevator
you didn't house
yes I did
sir calls
do you want an apology
for what you're mean sorry okay
how sandwich really really yeah
I know right
well
that means we can't go there tonight why
you told we can't go there on the first
land he's gonna get situated now what do
we do we could play video games or clean
or clean stinks in here
as I smell always been in here I hope
not cause it smells nasty applause now
I'm leaving that door open you know we
can't use some fresh air Oh from the
trash oh gosh it's the chicken oh my
gosh did I frame with the other nice -
chicken oh well we can't go to the
hospital guys because we've been at the
hospital every day this happened
we have been cleaning okay now we can't
go to the hospital do we clean we should
probably clean yeah you might be sick
now what you have sick now don't joke
about I can with things in it's not
funny
we need to clean cuz we're gonna be over
Thanksgiving that means you're acting
out that - what's that looking like you
don't want to know babe I've been in the
frigid day oh well what is all this crap
old food crap oh my god what's happening
here I don't know but I think we have
more condiments than anything let me get
this out
you know this on the wall okay sorry
God enough is enough okay
we're cleaning we have so much stuff in
here that we need to just get rid of
like I bought these cookies one night
for the boys and yeah they just sat
there I don't know how old they are oh
my god
sushi dude when do we buy this Bridget
you're gonna kill us
Bridget is gonna kill us with some of
this stuff turkey hotdogs crab dip oh
man guys this is utterly repulsive but
we got to do it I don't know what this
is pineapple habanero what is that
whatever and why do we have so many
condiments can we take a minute to
acknowledge that we have three things of
lemon juice like 18 jellies like 15
mustards six things of garlic we have
way more condiments than anybody should
ever have in an entire lifetime and it's
all sitting and the confines of our
refrigerator so just going through all
of this trying to clean it out for
Thanksgiving oh do we bought these when
the hurricane was coming oh my is it a
sad that I'm sorry getting brighter in
here like I forgot that was a light this
is gonna be a whole process it's gonna
take a long time I don't know exactly
how long we're gonna work on this
probably show you the update tomorrow's
vlog hopefully it's actually clean out
oh god I'm sorry you guys got to see
this like seriously this is cat food dog
food okay Bridget dog food
I love you babe but dog food in the
refrigerator
eat out of this thing we're gonna be
getting out of here in just a second you
guys before we do I wanted to take one
quick minute to update you guys on what
happened with Grandpa so I got there
this morning and he was gone and I
didn't know what was going on I talked
to Lauren finally I just talked to dad
really good stuff so now he is in a
rehabilitation center which is amazing
this is the last step he can take before
actually coming home so every day for
the next 20 days grandpa's gonna be like
getting up doing physical training
trying to relearn like walking again
because he's been in the wheelchair for
so long that now his legs hurt when he
walks but guys this is it dad is in
rehabilitation I talked to him he's so
happy he apologized for blaming
everything on me which thank you that I
accept because I really didn't do
anything wrong guys this is the final
step before grandpa finally gets to come
home and I wanted to say thank you guys
for sticking with us all this time
I know sometimes the vlogs have been
sporadic and you know sometimes we
didn't even have stuff to film and you
guys still watched it you guys still
supported it you click the like button
you left support in the comments a lot
more support in the comments then hate
and for that I want to say thank you
guys we appreciate it tremendously dad
I'm glad that you're finally on this
step because this is what this is this
is what matters right now so I'm in a
good mood I didn't expect it so dad I
love you work your butt off I can't wait
to see I can't wait to visit you
tomorrow I'm really happy dad
kill it guys we're gonna be doing this
outro in just a second that's the update
grandpa is finally in rehab he's out of
the hospital he's out of the ICU he's
not out of the woods you know it's not
over but this is a really good sign
talking was a really good sign
like wanting to move is a really good
sign and actually leaving the hospital
it's a fantastic sign let's do this
outro that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching good
getting out of here going forward we're
going to stop all the talking in the
vlogs I know you guys you know lately
that's all we've been doing I'm trying
to move past that only have good stuff
like if I just talk and talk and talk
and talk you guys aren't gonna be
entertaining it I know you want to know
updates and I'm gonna give you updates
but I'm gonna try to give you an update
you know not in 20 minutes right yeah
like I'm trying to fix that so guys
that's going forward and then you guys
are interested in what's going on but
also you don't want to sit through six
minutes of it so guys going for we're
going to slow down the talking gonna try
to do more hopefully we are now that
dad's doing better so I know right
that's really really good news so guys
thanks for watching
had a really good day hung out with
Bridgette it was not good at first I'll
be honest I was in a very bad mood this
morning I know and I totally understand
anyway guys thanks for watching like
subscribe real quick what do you think
that family was thinking when I burst
into that hospital room and thought I
was in my dad's room and they were
having like a birthday party they're
probably scared guys
I burst into another white patients
hospital room yeah that was like dad and
they were like what the who's this maybe
had a camera I I'm sorry this guy doing
I'm sorry if you guys are watching this
okay I'm really sorry like subscribe
favorite message I love you guys so much
follow us on Twitter while the
definitely update smack to like when
they come over it to get pranked
