so right now dad is putting up the
blinds for me how's it going dad really
well almost you got finished that one
there it was that your day where you
wanna oh I guess put it over there with
the the tree is over the tree is okay
well I got a surprise for you in a few
minutes you can we playing some
PlayStation phone okay hey Peter
are you gonna play no playstation people
people in writing me saying there's a
game they want you to play I'm gonna get
you to play it all right so this is Call
of Duty ghosts and you're gonna play it
with other people other people are you
got no no computer if you we gonna
borrow what now you play here it's live
can you do that
yeah it's 2014 of course you can okay so
they're able to do it okay multiplayer
all right loser there's somebody coming
okay
pinkeye the Atari prat waste ammo
what the fuck
shut up look fuck what what that fuckers
do talk about the buck you laughing at
eight buddy
Sepideh later got there boy you like
babies got any info how do you buy got
your boy hanging three motherfucking
legs goddammit
uuuuuu what are you a goddamn motorboat
damn you did you do why don't you great
that motherfucker doc only played a game
a we playing a game they're playing the
game you're talking that's all right
is that your goddamn mama hey lookit
what Burt are you good get other burden
your daughter of Texas which boy would
always partner to get up loser your
green card you didn't got one B what do
you be other than your meat don't you
can be mom made out of things under your
mollified without you oh poor baby go
cry oh you need a sugar kid oh you are
you are a sugar kid go to your mama's
brother big motherfuckin kitty and let
you suck it I'm dumb this game it's
science I'm done I'm done
what are you doing again I'm tired of
playing down I think I got it
how about you unscrew my door open go
punch stink so bad in there what are you
doing come back what I'll teach you how
to play and you'll kill somebody this
time oh come on
one more round no I gotta go I'll come
at you if you leave me alone for one
week leave you alone for one week stay
with me for a week
I'm not gonna keep that promise okay
where you going anyway I'll do it I'll
keep on let's go
maybe going to use both joysticks to a
mature
the hell where the power go oh that
fucking did here up I've done
how you doing up that button wait a
minute the power I don't hear a damn
ugly bug so anger grant punch all the
doors you left the door open Bridget so
the power just flickered it's been
fucking up since we had our winter storm
oh it stinks in here so that's why L
star hoping cuz the stinks
