what's going on you guys keeping a
camera here and I want to make a really
quick video just to say thank you to
somebody who sent me something that to
me is really cool if somebody I've
talked to for a while his name was
Griffin night and Griffin night actually
worked under Barack Obama during his
election days and this guy continued to
work for Obama until he decided to stop
working because he couldn't move to DC
permanently and he decided to go back to
college
but this guy sent me a package today and
I see he sent me a copy of Barack
Obama's the audacity of hope' and you
know it's really cool and I open it wait
a minute
and it's signed so this guy sent me a
signed copy of Barack Obama's audacity
of hope' and in it he sends me a letter
which I'm gonna read now he says Michael
hope you enjoyed the book this was
signed and given to me personally in
March of 2008 the only request that I
have is that the book is never sold I
won't sell it don't worry I just don't
like the idea of things that I was given
as gifts
ending up on eBay hopefully you
understand of course I understand PS I
actually have another request don't let
grandpa tear it up well the only reason
grandpa's gonna know that I have a hit
is because he'll probably get sent this
video or somebody will tell him so but
as far as me I'm not gonna go tell
grandpa I have it so seriously this is
really fucking cool this is a really
cool gift to receive so thanks a lot
Griffin I know you don't have a lot of
these things any like these things just
grow on trees
so I really really do appreciate you
actually parting with this so I can have
it and honestly you know it's not like
it's gonna end up in my junk room I'm
gonna put this up I'm gonna cherish it
always
and to all the people who are gonna just
like this gypsy just because it's a book
about Barack Obama go ahead and get your
dislikes in because you don't like Obama
either way thanks a lot Griffin for this
book it's awesome I love it
like subscribe hey what do you want to
say
while she comes over I have to entertain
the camera doo doo doo la la ha ha what
yeah that's what you wanted to say
that's it
you just wanted me we would never sell
this we're fans of Obama well like
subscribe don't even consider it goodbye
