what's going on you guys Kibby on the
camera here and the first thing that i
want to talk about is the fact that i
just put up the new video you guys can
go check it out 100 ways to love a cat
part 2 now if you don't remember 100
ways to love a cat part 1 the link is
down below it'll be under the first link
now one of the reasons I wanted to do
this video is because a lot of people
were saying oh the doorknob wasn't
switched around if you seen the video I
switched the doorknob around so bread
you can lock it on the outside and a lot
of people said oh the doorknob the phone
because they don't have enough focus to
actually pay attention to see the
doorknob has been switched around so I
have to show extra footage because
people don't understand that the
doorknob has been switched around
so to appease these people here's the
fucking door hub after we switched it
this part right here I was also
switching the gridding underneath his
door because I thought originally I was
gonna play to the speaker through the
door I was gonna put the speaker up to
that but instead I decided to run the
wire behind the door so this is me after
switching the doorknob around taking the
metal grit from underneath his door off
how'd I get in there
so that's the main thing that I wanted
to address secondly tomorrow I'm gonna
be or today technically I'm gonna be
uploading a video that we filmed with
Angelo Mike now if you don't remember
who Angelo Mike is Angelo Mike is the
guy who started that whole Brigitte West
campaign this guy is the reason you guys
had the seduction of Tina prank and he
stopped by the house and we had a little
fun with dad and you're gonna see the
video tomorrow but I decided to show you
guys a clip right now so check it out so
this is Angelo Mike you might remember
his mom from the recent episode of Tim's
cook-off and he's coming to visit dad
and he's not bringing them anything it's
all my stuff but he gotta wait you gotta
wait until they're old Latos oh these
are for grandkids a little bubble do
this yes mr. bubble a bubble
Jesus it's all empty so that's it I just
wanted to make a video addressing the
door old Norbu fresh wound so there you
go the dirt Osman switched around let's
take another look at the doorknob
so yes the doorknob got switched around
so anyway like subscribe favorite and
check out for the videos tomorrow
