what's going on you guys kimby on a
camera here and yesterday last night I
did a video about the time mom met Mel
Gibson and upon putting that video on my
Facebook page it turned into a
conversation of people asking me what
kind of celebrities have I met and in
response I told them that I met mostly
wrestlers now there are a few other
celebrities that I have met and I'll
save those for another video but the
conversation mostly turned into what
wrestlers have I bet and seriously I've
got some cool stories from some
wrestlers that I've met I'm not going to
tell them all but I will tell you a
couple of them starting with the first
wrestler that I ever met the Big Show
now when I first met the Big Show I was
like I don't remember I think I was
about nine years old and I went to a WCW
event it was WCW Thunder and this was
back I think April 22nd 1998 and I'm
gonna look up that date and if I'm right
I'm gonna go ape shit if I'm wrong it's
saying right now that I'm wrong so
either way if I'm right it was around
that time so I got tickets to WCW
Thunder and we get to the arena early
because we're told you can meet the
wrestlers if you show up early and lo
and behold about five feet away from us
is the big show or I should say the
giant but I'm going to say the big show
and I'm wearing a shirt with the Giants
face on it now it was one of those
shirts that they put out where it was
black and white and you just saw their
face I actually had the giant shirt by
accident I ordered Hulk Hogan because I
was a big NWO I and they sent me the
wrong shirt so there was the big show
and he was talking to his mom and I
decided I didn't want to see it anymore
because there were other wrestlers over
there so I told my cousin jeigh sounds
like he'll I'm going to walk away from
you guys I'm gonna go see what's going
on over the production trucks or just to
see what else is happening so I'm
walking and all of a sudden I happen to
run into this woman and she looks at me
she goes oh my god I love your shirt
Paul you've got to come over here and
suddenly the Big Show comes walking up
whole looks for those so Big Show looks
at me he sees my shirt all of a sudden
I'm now pulled into the area where all
the wrestlers are talking about and my
cousin's are looking over the one what
how did you get back there like I got
pulled I'm like behind a safety rail at
this point so the big show
he's looking at me he's talking to me
from around her Kubb and turns out he
was from around here and that's why his
mom was talking to me in the first place
and that's why she was able to pull me
out and it all just happened to be lucky
timing so it comes time for me to leave
I did I worn out my welcome and my
cousins were going get his autograph and
I go he doesn't have a pan and the big
show takes a marker and he signs on my
chest and he signs giant and he looks at
me and he says you need to lay up the
biscuits son your stomachs poking out
that's right the first time that I met a
wrestler he called me fat he said my
stomach was pokin out and I needed to
lay off the biscuits and I just messed
with my glasses when I did that however
the main reason that I wanted to do this
video was to talk about who I think is
the coolest wrestler I ever met Bar None
the coolest wrestler that I ever met was
Kurt Angle Monday Night Raw had come to
North Charleston I believe was the
Monday Night Raw that Eric Bischoff got
fired at where he got thrown in the
dumpster and Kurt Angle was there and
before the show we were all hanging out
there waiting to meet the wrestlers and
here comes Kurt Angle he's on his way to
a taxicab that's waiting in front of the
arena for him and he looked bad Kurt
Angle was limping he was holding his
neck he was you know he he look he was
doing something like oh you know he
couldn't walk he looked miserable and
all the fans except me because I felt
bad for the guy cuz Kurt Angle I must
say has been one of my favorite
wrestlers since I was a child you know I
was always a huge Kurt Angle fan so all
the fans are going car come here Kurt
and he comes and Kurt comes walking up
and we said where you going Kurt and he
looks at us and he says I'm on my way to
the hospital my neck is killing me I
can't feel my fingers my feet feel like
they're breaking and I got to go get
checked out and the first thing that I
said was dude go to the hospital thanks
for saying hello to us and go but he
didn't Kurt Angle's stuck around for
about 45 minutes and he signed every
autograph he took every picture he
smiled at everybody he answered
questions meanwhile this taxi cab was
waiting over here the whole time
for Kurt to get done with what he's
doing for us there was another group of
people in the parking lot over there and
it walks up to them signs their
autographs takes their photos answers
their questions there was another group
on the other side he walked over to them
signed their autographs took their
pictures answered their questions
signed their signs and video games and
hats and shirts and action figures and
he just stayed there and this whole time
though the damn taxi cab is waiting to
take him to the hospital because he's
limping and you can tell he looks bad
like he's holding his neck oh hey thank
you for coming out and seriously he
didn't have to do any of this he should
have went and got himself taken care of
instead because we were there he signed
every autograph he there must have been
400 people out there and he signed every
autograph he took every picture it was
just something amazing and I never
forgot it and when he was done he waved
to us he got into the taxi and he left
and he went to the hospital and he got
checked out people can say a lot of
things about Kurt Angle they can say
that oh he got arrested for DUI and oh
my god Kurt Angle wore out his welcome
and he tarnished his legacy by going to
TNA but I'll never forget the time the
Kurt Angle was on his way to a hospital
and he signed our autographs and he did
it with a smile and he was hurt and I
couldn't believe it I never left me
because that's something that I'll never
forget
Kurt Angle being so hurt on his way to a
hospital and still taking the time out
to talk to a couple of hundred fans who
were waiting outside before the show
started now on the flip side one that
I'll never forget from being such an
asshole
was Triple H now raw was in Charleston
again and I was with my nephew and it
started to pour down rain and we didn't
have an umbrella and we luckily after
about 10 minutes got to borrow
somebody's umbrella because dad had left
and we had no car dad dropped us off and
we were just chilling in the rain there
was no reports of rain and suddenly we
saw Triple H coming and his bus was
about 20 feet away it was parked on the
inside of the parking lot and we were
watching and he comes up and we're like
Triple H Triple H and he looks at us the
only thing he does he looks at us get
out of the fucking rain and they got on
his bus and
he didn't get back off so that was the
time that I almost met Triple H almost
because I didn't get to but I got a lot
of stories about wrestlers that I've met
I've met a lot of them Mick Foley was a
cool one
you know Jeff Hardy he was interesting
but that story is for another time if
you guys are interested in hearing by
the times I've met all these other
wrestlers one story that I really want
to tell and hopefully you guys like this
so I can tell it is the time that my
friend and my sister's fiance we all saw
Matt Hardy and Ashley Massaro break up
it was crazy it happened right in front
of us you guys can tweet the story to
Matt Hardy just to find out if it's true
because it happened right in front of us
and it was nuts so that's it like
subscribe favorite and Kurt Angle was
the coolest motherfucker that I've ever
met and BarNone just it was awesome so
Thank You Kurt for being the coolest
fucking wrestler I've ever met
