what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and first to point out the
obvious I'm not wearing my glasses and
also to pointed out I shaved I no longer
look like the Unabomber so here I am
without any facial hair without any hair
now the reason that I'm doing this video
is because I was talking to a friend
earlier and we started to talk about
celebrities that we may have met
throughout our lives and he had a couple
line I had and I had a couple and I was
reminded of a story of the time mom met
Mel Gibson and then I realized I have
not told this on video before and I
can't believe it so Mel Gibson was in
Charleston they were filming the movie
the Patriot and we went downtown where
Mel Gibson was staying at his hotel I'm
pretty sure her mom was just going
downtown to meet Mel Gibson you know the
news oh and Mel Gibson's in town tonight
filming for his new movie the patriot
and the first thing that we see directly
across the street from Mel Gibson's
hotel are these tents and they're set up
in the middle of a park and they got all
these Civil War reenactors you know just
for the movie they're all dressed up in
their costumes and they're all eating
and talking and me and mom are just
looking around mom's gone where's Mel
and I need to say mail mom was just
looking everywhere she can to find Mel
Gibson and then she spots him
Mel Gibson is leaving his hotel there
are other people around the area there
people taking pictures and Mel Gibson's
walk into a limousine mom is about for
me to my back door - Mel Gibson and mom
goes hey Mel and mom just takes off
running and I don't know Mel Gibson hurt
her or you know if his security was
alerted but all of a sudden the security
sort of getting closer to Mel Gibson at
this point mom is about a foot away from
Mel Gibson and she's going honey mail
and she's trying to reach new security
she's trying to get them and trying to
talk to him and he's smiling at
everybody how you doing he shakes mom's
hand mom's trying to push her way
through like a psychopath like I'm
pretty sure Mel Gibson thought he was
about to die because mom is gone
into mail and Mel's going Mel makes a
face when mom gets past the security her
elbow gets through you see Mel go um and
so he shakes mom's hand it's very nice
to meet you he shakes mom's hand among
girls I've never washing this hand again
at this point Mel Gibson goes okay and
it gets into his limousine and he starts
banging on the side of it's just going
Papa Papa Papa and the limousine speeds
off so that was the time mom met Mel
Gibson she saw him outside of his hotel
she pounced at him and she started
reaching through until he got scared God
to his limousine and he sped off
of course years later mom would tell you
a very different version of the story as
it always seemed to change when she told
people she transformed it as she sort of
stocked in bum-rushed Mel Gibson and
scared him into speeding into his
limousine and leaving and it sort of
changed into mom saw Mel Gibson he comes
up to her he says it's very nice to meet
you shakes her hand and leaves which
that motherfucker shit didn't happen mom
Mel Gibson did not approach you say it
was nice to meet you smile at you and
then leave he was scared to death
because you were scaring them so Mel
Gibson if you see this and I doubt you
will you're too busy being anti-semitic
but if you see this we're sorry didn't
mean to scare you didn't mean for my
mother to bum-rush you and make you
think you were about to be killed
because you didn't die you finished your
movie and you probably tell people what
the woman that almost tried to kill you
in Charleston that's it like subscribe
favorite and that's mom celebrity
encounter with Mel Gibson
