what's going on you guys keep me on
camera here and yes that is my messy
room in the background I decided to do a
video here tonight and the first thing
that I wanted to talk about in this
video was I thought that today I was
gonna have a video because I had to
replace the blinds in my living room and
I decided to call dad to do it and the
assumption was that was gonna have a
hard time he was gonna get frustrated
and he was gonna screw it up and start
bitching and that's not what happened in
fact he even cut his arm while he was
doing it and he still didn't bitch about
it let's just take a look at a clip of
while he was here oh god that's why you
were severa so call me shocked but dad
didn't fall for it good for him however
the main thing that I wanted to talk
about was the fact that people were
getting so pissed off over coke by using
a bilingual version of america the
beautiful' during the Super Bowl
I mean people flip their shit right
wing's all over the Internet oh I'm not
supporting coca-cola no more oh let's
not have coca-cola products at the
Republican National Convention they
couldn't believe that coca-cola would
use such a diverse group of people you
know all these children singing in
another language a song about America
not only that but they couldn't believe
there was a gay couple in the commercial
everybody was flipping out it's the end
of America as we know it the entire
concept of the commercial was just to
represent how diverse America is to
begin with and these people these I
don't want to call them racist because I
don't want to be that person so just
because they dislike the commercial that
automatically makes them racist but I
have to wonder is it because the racists
like I don't get it
what is the problem with coca-cola
showing that America does have people
who speak other languages in our country
you had people flipping out on Twitter
going against coca-cola you had people
and the media FoxNews mostly you had
Glenn Beck talking shit and seriously
why all coke was saying was that America
is filled with so many different people
whether they be black white Mexican
Chinese you know it doesn't matter what
you are you're an American no matter
what language you speak no matter what
God you you know you praise no matter
who you pray to no matter what schools
you go to no matter what you look like
you're American when you live here
you're an American and there are other
Americans that don't speak just English
there's some Americans that don't speak
English they wanted to come over here
for their American Dream and the
American dream is to not be told that
you have to speak this language if you
want to be part of what America is
that's not what America is supposed to
represent we're not supposed to be based
in bigotry we're supposed to welcome
these people we're supposed to yeah
we're supposed to be the greatest
country in the world so let's start
acting like it let's not act like every
little thing pisses us off from gay
marriage to racism to you know singing
America the Beautiful and other
languages it doesn't matter none of that
stuff is important Glenn Beck went on to
say that that commercial is supposed to
divide us apart it's supposed to bring
us together you fool that's the entire
concept the show that we're all one that
we're all part of the same America not
that we're all separate entities only
bigots like you see it as separate
entities and that's the problem we're
not separate with the same people we all
live here we all speak different
languages and you got to get used to it
so those are my thoughts on the fact
that coca-cola used other people other
languages to sing America the Beautiful
and I thought the commercial is fucking
awesome
that is what makes America Beautiful our
diverse culture and anybody who has a
problem with it I think you need to
re-evaluate why you have a problem with
it and come up with a better excuse than
this is America
you got to speak English when you
chauffeur here you better come up with
something better than that because it's
a shitty excuse and you had a fucking
problem for no reason like subscribe
favorite and keep drinking coke
