I've not been the same since I opened
all that you know all that male shit it
affected me and I couldn't help but
wonder how dad would have reacted to
some of this
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here right there today is
Thursday and today is throwback Thursday
and you guys tonight I want to do a
little bit of an interactive throwback
Thursday story I'm not gonna tell you
what it is I want to leave a big
surprise for you guys to find out what
the story is about who it's about what's
gonna happen guys it's hysterical and it
involves Bridget crab in her pants it's
so embarrassing please don't look at me
differently your god right off the bat
you guys I want to take a second to talk
about the angry Never Dies t-shirt over
at the BB TV store you guys it is
available for another couple of weeks
if you want it check it out the link is
below you guys requested that it be
available longer and so they put it out
you guys I think it's going to be gone
as soon as we introduce a new shirt
possibly four see you soon I don't know
guys check it out the link is below get
the shirt while you can because it's
gonna be gone in a few weeks anyway
today it's Thursday and we got a lot to
talk about okay immediately I screwed
that up I covered it wrong you did you
do it one of the letters that I went
through last night you guys I wanted to
show really quick because it was awesome
I don't want to do with it yet because
the frame was broken and it clipped up
the picture really bad but look at this
I know it's hard and things are rough
but don't be sad my son
lyrics from see you soon and on the back
is from a fan named Justin a youngin and
he sent me this and I wanted him to have
his acknowledgement I wanted to say that
it came damaged broilers he missed
before yeah
Phenix was clean and Clyde Cujo was
doing everyone giving all those letters
yesterday and just the emotion that it
brought me man guys I've not been the
same since I opened all that you know
all that male shit it affected me and I
couldn't help but wonder how dad would
have reacted to some of this because
guys I
you know it but he loved your mail and
we always did those mailbag videos and
then we stopped doing it but he never
stopped opening the mail and as I was
wondering how he would react I saw this
thing and I remember when he got this in
the mail he was so happy and he was on
his twitch stream and he was talking
about it
got something they'll show y'all check
this out
can you see that
that's a picture of the old trail with
memories and then we first I'll be with
trail would there's a porch the
basketball goal is a shed to turn around
there's even the plastic over my ax my
winter that broke and there's the air
condition of my window same kind of a
roof a long driveway is that awesome or
what that guy took his time boy there's
a detail new detail putting it I thought
it's still all bandaged Julia really
they feel good he was so happy and I
remember when Dad was passing I walked
into his room and this was the first
thing that I saw and I was so moved
he requested that this be next tool he
requested that this be beside him and so
they did so when I wonder how he would
react I know how we would react he
would've loved it I gotta go outside and
talk to you guys something kind of
important I need to get off my chest
what's up I just uploaded the vlog that
you guys saw yesterday and I'm gonna sad
sad state of mind right now and I just
wanted to take a minute to talk about it
on camera number one because it helps me
and number two we don't hide anything
from you guys if you haven't seen the
vlog we uploaded yesterday does this
airplane know that I'm vlogging right
now
like can you find other airspace please
if you didn't see yesterday's vlog we
went to the PIO box and we got all the
mail that you guys have been sending
since grandpa passed something that
we've been avoiding something that we
didn't want to do because I knew what it
was gonna do to me but we finally did it
and man it ripped my heart out you guys
so many letters me and Bridget spent all
night reading them and some up we're
gonna respond to you know a lot of you
guys sent pre-stamped envelopes for you
know signed pictures and we're gonna do
that for you guys but a lot of a man was
just people saying would dad meant to
them I can't cry because whenever I cry
about my dad people accuse me of milking
his death for views and for the record
when people say that I don't get upset I
don't get mad I feel sorry for the
people saying it because clearly the
people saying that does not have the
relationship with their fathers that I
had with mine because if you did you
would know that you don't get over
something so profound in three months if
you do I don't know that you that's not
my place to say but people deal with
grief differently I guess but I don't
think that I could advocate over this
dad was my best friend
you know I feel like everything we might
talking about dad like this I get it
when Dad I love you too dad was my best
friend and my partner on YouTube and I
lost that person and it wasn't just me
who that loss affected we all saw when
he passed how many people reached out to
call him an inspiration a pioneer one of
the original youtubers and we lost that
and I lost that and I'm a daily vlogger
and I can't help it if on some of those
daily vlogs I'm sad I fill my life and
one of the things that dad made me live
by was we hide nothing from you guys he
always he believed that to his core and
he passed that down on in me so when
something's happening
don't hide it from you I bring it to the
light and I tell you guys because you
deserve to know because you are an
extension of us and when I'm sad on
daily vlog because of dad you guys know
about it and that's not milking my dad
for views that's showing you my day I
would love to vlog about something else
I would love to vlog about anything else
I would love to like wake up and call my
dad and see how he's doing I'd rather do
that I would give up YouTube for another
year with my dad that's a promise to God
himself I would quit YouTube for another
year with that I'd love to call him on
the phone and I can't I would love to
see how he's doing I'd love to know if
he's watching the stuff that I'm doing
and he's not and it breaks my heart and
I miss them so when I vlog about that
that's not milking my dad for views
that's just showing you my day because
I'm sad and we hide nothing from you
but I'm just sad because that video
because you guys touched us and I just
wanted to take a minute and say thank
you and I know this seems long and some
people are gonna you know skip right
past it but the ones that do watch it
thank you I love you guys dad loved you
and you moved us yesterday your letters
moved us and the wind's blowing when I
said dad loved you so maybe that's him
saying he did guys time for a little bit
of throwback reenactment I just wanted
to take the moment to say thank you to
you guys our whole family loves you and
if the haters love you too kick him this
vlog up into a brighter more horrible
note guys I wanted to do our throwback
Thursday story and a little bit of a
reenactment style like I did a couple of
years ago a lot of people seem to like
it being that it's flu season I wanted
to talk about the time that the whole
family was leveled know
merci and by the way the story ends with
Bridget crap in her pants and staples
several fire get to the beginning this
story goes all the way back to trail
with you guys many years ago where dad
was on the cusp of a divorce with mom me
and bridge were fixing to move out of
the house and the apartment and all of a
sudden we got kicked on our asses with
the serious flu that I can only imagine
came from the Chinese food like I don't
know what happened now dad decided to
take everybody out for dinner it was me
dad mom and Bridget and we wanted to
have a night out just talk have a good
time
eat some Chinese food and unbeknownst to
us get stick to our stomachs interior
Chinese restaurant night me and dad are
sitting at the table Bridget of mom are
over at the Chinese section making
plates and dad and I are just sort of
talking and he's asking me about Bridget
you know go through throw you about the
beach and he's easy how you crappy I
mean she's nice you know but I don't
know Bob um dad was all of a sudden all
I hear is and me dead like what Dom and
we look over and mom standing next to
Bridget with a spoon in her hand and
she's puking all over the sneeze guard
oh my gosh
Bridget's covered in mom's puke and she
looks like she's gonna puke I'm ready to
pee because it's disgusting
everybody in the place is watching and
dad's pissed dedicated dear kid take
that don't know it at this point
mom is on all fours in the Chinese
restaurant I don't know why I think
she's crapping and puking she do
it was so embarrassing
what's he doing he's circling you why I
don't know needless to say we're getting
the hell out of there
mom makes her way to the van dad pays we
get out of there
we're on our way home now me and Bridget
had big plans for that night we're going
to the moon the city yeah I love the
movies we're going unfortunately on the
ride home Bridget gets sick very now
we're just riding in the van I look over
and Bridget has her eyes closed looks
like the room is spinning but all I know
is Bridget like um can we stop at
staples and I'm like what do you mean
what's going on we're like a mile from
the house not even Mike let's just go I
need to stop at Staples and dad's pissed
you know damn he drives over to Staples
and I decided to follow bridge into the
floor she doesn't even know it
she doesn't know I'm behind her okay
coming out of her mouth I'm like Oh God
are we still going to the movies finally
Bridget makes it to the bathroom I'm
standing next to the door you okay babe
not here Bridget the movie starts in 15
minutes
Bridget gets out she looks like he'll
warm no seriously though whoever use the
bathroom after me caught whatever I had
Bridget in no shape to drive so she
calls her mom to come pick her up
her mother picks her up takes her back
to her house mom is crawling around the
house puking and crapping dad's got it
now
good you like and it seemed like escape
me by I'm good I'm fine
I'm pissed because we missed the movies
with Bridget I never told her I was
really mad about it I was like texting
you like you mother okay look I was
piece of crap okay look I apologized the
printer when I got sick clearly she
wasn't faking it but at the time I was
like she just doesn't want to go to the
movies even though she smelled like crap
because she crapped her pants feeling
short of chill out spray on the couch
baby wigs thank God he doesn't have any
glands instead of going to the movies I
decided to watch a little TV and with
that TV the Chinese food that we stole
from the place than we were gonna eat
during the movie we had a little ziploc
bag filled potato wedges and egg rolls
I go to sleep that night I wake up at 3
o'clock in the morning and I am
violently shitting and puking up potato
wedges to the point that I cannot eat
them anymore today because every time I
think of potato wedges
I think of that horrible night I can't
go back to that restaurant ever guys
never went back again I've marked as
disgusting because we got sick at that
place we blame them whether it was going
around or not that's the story guys I
wanted to do a little interactive
throwback Thursday mom puked inside of a
Chinese restaurant crawled around the
floor bridget puked and crapped her
pants and the staples and then I got it
and we got sick let's do this outro
I don't know what world we live in
Bridget just placed second I say
second and fortnight so low close calm
down it's just you finished second why
is that not enough for you I want to be
first I'm gonna still a victory Michael
it's not easy to get Bridget relax we
got one for me I couldn't make it a top
15 you've beaten me well you get one for
me dude that's impressive
look if you just did well
victories not if they're so close are
you gonna cry well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
Bridget congratulations on a top two
solo victory yeah thank you but it's not
good enough dude
nothing's ever good enough is it though
you're finished did you seem like a
bitch you finished top two ain't that
enough of a victory oh Jesus Christ
guys we're getting out of here thanks
for watching you saw my reenactment for
a throwback Thursday I talked to you
guys on a personal level and bridget is
unsatisfied in her top to victory on
solo mode you should be happy
it's very like awesome but I want a
freaking victory okay I'm getting out of
here guys thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite
well not everything but to us what if
it's dreamy where do we get all the
stuff I'm trying to
damn love you guys
