what's going on you guys keep me out of
the camera here but to us here right
they are and today is Sunday and today
right I just want to tell it straight up
no Michael you understand right I had to
we got to arguing over who has a pair of
quick me chicken sandwich I don't know
we were getting a fight over who has a
better Christmas chicken sandwich I say
chick-fil-a has the best and I say
makalah
guys are wondering with a - I'll show
you in just a second get it'll be after
the central guys today is Sunday and
today we are going to have breakfast how
are we I think we're going to breakfast
guys today is Sunday first we're gonna
go to breakfast and then we're gonna go
visit grandpa at the hospital today is
unfortunately the day where I gotta tell
him he's not going to a place that he
was supposed to go today
still not there's no bed yet so he's
gonna sit there and he's gonna fight he
is gonna be mad I'm gonna freak he's
gonna think we're lying to him he is
guys I'm gonna have to tell him about
that I'm gonna let you know how that
goes later guys today is Sunday let's go
to breakfast but first if there's
anybody out there who was wondering how
I did the intro guys this is just
something that we used to do as kids all
the time maybe because we didn't have
the money for toys maybe maybe because
we didn't have friends maybe you know
maybe because we were just stupid I
don't know guys
first haha you take the wrapper that
comes
reasons okay simple rip it mr. rabbit
put on your teeth by the way don't try
this at home because it's a choking
hazard let you know only we can do this
yeah don't do this guy's
and suck don't do that either guys you
don't do any of this didn't work out
yeah ill put this up hey guys give me a
second
sometimes it falls off you know yes for
a real solution just knock some of your
teeth out just kidding guys don't do
that okay sounds like a dating profile
how all my name Michael I throw yours
old I'm not the fuck oh my dreams how's
that
so let the kipping springs of day now
today it what's funny your turn
so you ready to go out on our date I'm
really excited what's going on what's
going on your face what oh my god Wow no
I'm sorry I just remember that I'm
married it just occurred to me you guys
how quick this month is good with dad
like being in the hospital like this
November
later by like number one do you realize
our anniversary is like this week like I
think it's like Thursday isn't that
insane I didn't get you anything
okay I'm joking I don't care I don't
mind guys I'll get you something
don't it's okay I don't really seriously
I'm not giving you anything so I got our
stop guys oh I'm horrible project
there's been a lot going on that's what
I'm trying to say like the month has
been flying by Thanksgiving is in like
two weeks
oh my gosh are we having Thanksgiving
I'm hoping that dad can get out and have
Thanksgiving with us that would be all
so that's the goal you guys to have
grandpa out on Thanksgiving but the
point is when do we decorate for
Christmas that's what I wanted to ask do
we dad
I don't want to just not decorate for
Christmas we're not feeling particularly
fast stuff right now you guys but we
still have a wing decorations up it's
true I mean we could decorate like after
a clean which could be in a couple days
guys let me know in the comments
comments section when did you start
decorating for Christmas when do you put
your tree up windy yeah put lights up
just look Christmas around the house let
me know I'm trying to stay like as
normal as we can while this is happening
because it's really easy to lose sight
of life yeah we've totally lost sight
we've totally lost sight of life I
looked at the date and also dude it's
like the 12th yeah like every day since
Halloween we've woken up gone to the
hospital come home at night and they're
not complaining about that I like doing
that I love spending time with that
it's just weird when I look at the date
and I'm like oh my god yeah it went by
mid-november
strangely five so guys when should we
decorate for Christmas when should we
try to get into the holiday spirit are
you guys in the holiday spirit guys we
got a lot to do look continue this wall
I saw some posts talking about is it too
early listen to Christmas music and then
my grandma texted me like three days ago
saying a radio station has Christmas Hey
yeah well she's the basis for Shannon so
your grandma's driving down the street
Oh
he'll anyway guys we're gonna do a
Shanon Thanksgiving video but I don't
know if you guys want to see that smack
the like button if you want to see it
hopefully we'll do it guys we have a lot
to do leaving the hospital right now you
guys yeah he's still in a bad mood
because you know he thinks that we lied
to him about him going home which we
didn't bridges holding up traffic I got
that in this scene right now guys hold
on it really is were holding up traffic
okay let's do this all right getting out
of here you guys I'll tell you more when
we get home because dildos are beeping
here we go boy the second reason I wake
up in the morning yeah Larry's giant sub
number one was to go visit dad number
two is Larry's and number three on
occasion is Bridget guys get the door
for my girl
so I got to tell you like the most
embarrassing thing ever
Wyatt so you went to get the call uh-huh
this is embarrassing
why is okay do you know how when I was
in the room I kept looking I got a fart
I'm really bad yes
yeah even had that like face and love
and it does the whole time I that's all
I can tell you maybe yeah I give him the
elevator
oh no yeah you know so I get on the
elevator
nobody's in here Macari it was like a
mom would've like it was it was like a
hug was like oh okay and I was still
going
elevator doors open up there's a family
there's a whole family of dad mom don't
know a whole your friend I swear to God
oh I'm the only other one oh oh I walk
in the elevator
oh gosh I'm mashing the one no way yeah
I'll sit never know what that smell is
thank you
right oh you felt better no I felt much
worse in that moment I thought another
one come on girl so nervous
oh no oh inside a fart yeah I don't know
guys it's like a steam Oh Family Guy
when like Peter farts on the elevator or
somebody gets the one and he's like it
was you it was total humiliation you
guys I'm gonna tell you how it went at
the hospital when we get home went
really well just dad is like losing it
man he's losing and having to stay in
that hospital guys I'll tell you that
when I get back in a few minutes
we're getting subs but yeah I can't
believe that happened I embarrassed
myself harder on an elevator let me take
some it was pungent guys let me tell you
Michael's farts are out-of-this-world
disgusting
um sometimes it smells like eggs and
garbage eggs and garbage chains and
Garvin this one smelled like just
straight-up egg salads and now fart it
out of somebody and then consumed and
then refine it guys oh you missed out on
this
on the team misty
that's yours I got tea now that does rat
Larry's sub time every time there's
someone second picture I find it in
saying that this is literally the best
sub sandwich I've ever had in my life
guys let me know in the comment section
if you have a Larry's in your area I'm
gonna take a bite right now
lucky I envy you
let me just show inside the sandwich
that's the sandwich guy as does you get
it yeah I did does Larry's giant
softness
delicious so we're gonna be eating then
we're gonna go home tell you about
possible give me a little bit of an
update finish out the blog at the house
not a bad day
huh
oh hey it's got mayonnaise we're leaving
right now you guys on our way home we
couldn't finish our sub so we wrapped
them up these are not brand new subs not
brand new sub origin bring them tomorrow
guys we're not eating them tonight
during like this is us or we're totally
eating him tomorrow not in the car ride
home guys it's probably too dark to film
we'll be right back
gonna be getting out of here in just a
few minutes you guys before we do I
wanted to give you the update on rap all
what's been going on today was an
interesting day at the hospital I had to
tell him today that he wasn't going home
we're not going home but he wasn't
leaving the hospital today he thought
that's a day he was gonna believe in the
hospital he thought that today was the
day he's leaving and I had to let him
know that he wasn't and he did not take
that well
guys he almost flipped out in the
hospital you know it's like right now
his ears are bad right but if you say
the word leaving he hears everything
like I could be like hey angry in his
face hey dad I've got $1,000 in cash do
you wanna
dad you want $1,000 in cash huh do you
want $1,000 in cash
do what do you want $1,000 in cash okay
hey Mike if I whisper one time I'm like
oh yeah dad there's something about you
leaving huh what about me and even Mike
guys
he's very astute when it comes to like
leaving the hospital so I had to tell
him that unfortunately today when Lehman
I just looked at him and I said all
right okay dad I got bad news
what is it Mike and I thought it was
like dad you're not leaving today they
don't have a room you can't come
and he hits the face just he went from
two and I swear he was this close from
like tear in the hospital apart like I
thought that they were gonna be calling
security if he didn't call him down he
was so mad he started ripping the wires
office if I'm leaving right now pack my
stuff I'm going home and I told him that
they can't legally release you like this
okay you wouldn't make it at home you
can't be released right now and he was
so angry at me you guys but he can't
leave right now he's got to go to rehab
and dad I know that you want to go home
but you can't go home right now that's
just it's it's too late okay I'm scaring
myself guys I know dad wants to leave
and dad I want you to be able to leave
but that's not in the cards right now
that's not how it works and I'm sorry
about that but you can't leave right now
but he was so like angry with me I was
pretty sure he was gonna kick me out of
the hospital for one he didn't want to
talk to me he didn't talk for about 30
minutes okay that was the you know the
big thing was like dad talked to me and
they didn't want to talk to me and at
one point I hear a praying you know do
you good
what's my son doing this to me what I
was like I was getting kind of mad I was
like dad what do you mean what am i
doing to you you have to stay in the
hospital you just don't want me to go to
rehab like dad I promise you I want you
to go you are going to go huh you're
gonna be leaving probably tomorrow like
it's an extra day I don't believe you
cuz I Ted relax
so guys that's that's the update okay he
is definitely going hopefully tomorrow
as I've understood it he's going
tomorrow but he is so mad at me right
now he almost threw me out of the
hospital he prayed that like he would
leave the hospital tomorrow and he felt
like I was lying to him and dad I'm not
I've got you back
I love you in the end before I left he
looked at me and said I love you so much
Mike I know you're doing your best and
Dad I love you too I am doing my best
I'm sorry that you feel like you're
stuck in there but anyway come to do
this outro dad I love you you are
getting out of there very soon that's
the update let's go do this outro well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching
had a pretty good day actually enjoyed
today is I'm trying to get that guys we
hung out with Grandpa we went to get
subs from Larry's we came back we watch
TV we hung out pretty good day dad I
enjoyed hanging out with you just simmer
it down a little bit calm down I know
you're ready to get out of there and
hopefully tomorrow you will are you
better guys flip out yeah if he doesn't
get out of there tomorrow you guys
something's getting broke like there's
gonna be like one of those like heart
machines what are they called ah
whatever whatever those machines are the
EKG machine yeah it's gonna get slammed
against the wall
angry Grampa style and I don't want to
be there when it happens dad we're gonna
try our best to get you out of there
tomorrow but if you don't just relax
it's happening this is just the process
guys thanks for watching thank you so
much for all the support you've been
showing us today was great seriously
thank you guys so much like subscribe
favorite everything to us a message I
love you guys so much I love you no way
you
