what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here and I just found out the
news that Philip Seymour Hoffman has
died of a drug overdose it seems they
found him with a needle in his arm and
there's people out here right now so I'm
trying to talk as low as I can as to not
disturb them on Super Bowl Sunday but
I'm not sure how many of you guys knew
this I'm pretty sure I've said it before
I've can I consider a Philip Seymour
Hoffman to be one of the greatest actors
of all time he's one of my favorite
actors of all time definitely in my top
three top two he's he's just that
outstanding actor his brilliant
performances you know in movies like
Boogie Nights and almost famous and
before the devil knows you're dead and
punch-drunk love and the master and his
acting is so believable and for those of
you who don't know who he is or maybe
you know who he is but you don't
recognize the name oh my show his
picture right now
I just wanted to do this quick video to
say rest in peace to Philip Seymour
Hoffman you know I don't know what's on
the afterlife
I hope there's something on me afterlife
and if there is I really hope he's he's
at peace I couldn't believe it I saw the
news on Facebook I thought it was one of
those fake news stories I couldn't
believe I still can't believe it
I hope that wherever he is right now
he's better than it was I know I cried
too much on video but I don't care how I
look on video I'm just paying respect to
one of the Great's what are the best of
all time my favorite fuck could you just
get clean
fucking drugs man her shit rest in peace
