what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and today I wanted to make a
video because I'm pissed off and I don't
mean Batista Winston oil rumbles so I
break the lamp upstairs pissed off I'm
talking about mistreating people pissed
off I'm talking about the government
stepping on people pissed off so about a
month ago I did a video but
representative Jack Kingston wanting to
make children have to work for their
school lunches sweep the cafeterias do a
little bit of work in the school and
then they'll get their school lunches
however absurd it sounded and I thought
there's no way anything like this can
happen they're not going to deprive
children of food and unfortunately I was
proven wrong because this week at you
went to elementary school in Salt Lake
City Utah they took the lunches from
children who couldn't pay for it I don't
know about you but I find this to be the
most deplorable disrespectful thing I've
ever heard I can't comprehend it so let
me put this into a little bit of
perspective here these children were
waiting in line and the lunchroom they
were handed a tray with food on it that
children are waiting to get to those
tables and when they get to the computer
they're stopped they're told you don't
have any money and they take the food
out of their hands and they throw it in
the trash from there they give the child
a milk a piece of fruit and they tell
them to go sit down because they don't
have enough money to pay for their food
who the fuck does that school think they
are
who the fuck takes food from children
because their parents didn't because the
parents didn't have enough money in
their account their children not to
mention what the fuck you doing throwing
it away to begin with tell them to tell
their parents for tomorrow why take the
food out of their hands and throw in the
fucking trash people go through hard
times man and it seems like the worst we
get the less people give a fuck about
anybody I think you win to elementary
school needs to be ashamed of themselves
for taking food from children children
who need this fucking supplement this
nutrition they need this to survive some
of these children don't have food
home yeah the parents are poor and maybe
that's a reason to give it to him at
school because they might not have
dinner
so because of you all they had for
dinner was a piece of fruit and some
milk and that sucks you fucking suck I
would lose my job I would get fired
before I deprive the child his food
because his account reflected a zero
balance I would say fire me take your
food and I'd walk the fuck out of that
school I'm pretty pissed off right now I
can't fathom that we're here in 2014
America and we're telling children that
they can't eat because they can't afford
it as if it's fucking prime rib as if
it's Lobster as if it's steak it's
fucking fish sticks and fucking canned
corn and shit it costs a dollar 50 to
pay for it singling out the kids in
front of all of their friends you got
all these kids with trays of food and
then you can look around the room and
you can tell the poor kids one by one oh
he's eating fruit oh look they got fruit
and milk
oh look Billy's poor what you're doing
is setting people up to bully these
children you're setting these kids up
for failure you're giving these kids a
lesson on life that they don't deserve
to get what the fuck happened to free
lunch what the fuck happened to tax is
paying for it
what the fuck of my paying taxes for I'm
paying taxes for tanks to go over and
throw bombs in Iraq but I can't pay
taxes so children can have something to
eat I'm finished
right the principal right the
superintendent right the governor of
Utah tell them that this shit ain't
right this shit shouldn't happen and we
should not treat children this way we
shouldn't treat people this way
I apologize for screaming I apologize
for for acting like this
but this pushed me over the line this is
not fair you win the elementary school
is pathetic
you don't reject children and that's all
I have to say about it write them call
them tell them that it's ridiculous and
make them change their fucking policy
