what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here and today I wanted to make a video
because I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna release a picture that I took
back in October that Bridget absolutely
refused to let me release yeah oh yeah
you know the one you know the picture
today I'm going to release a picture
that I took a Bridget with the iPhone
panorama view and it turned out to be an
epic fail it has to be the worst
panorama fail I've ever seen now if you
don't know what the iPhone panorama view
is this is that so the idea why'd you do
that
so the idea is to just go like this in
the straight line and you can get a
picture of the entire scenery now let's
take a look at how that picture turned
out whoa it's awesome I love the iPhone
panorama view that's right you can take
long pictures and I decided to take one
while I was in Walmart and I take the
phone I go to take in a pass by Bridget
and I guess she moved or she shifted or
something like that because this is how
the pictures are now I'm sorry that was
a picture of Quasimodo from the
Hunchback of Notre Dame this is the real
picture sorry I did it again that was
sloth from the Goonies okay
here's the real actual picture
oh that's right Oh oh that picture
existed Bridget I just posted it now if
you want to see it and you want to have
the picture if you want to have the
picture to own go to my Twitter account
I'm gonna post a picture for you to
retweet and save and post because it is
too humiliating of a picture to not use
okay so here's Bridget and beside her
I'm gonna add the picture from the place
where to put your hand in your mouth so
go to my Twitter the link is below you
can see the picture for yourself you can
save it share this picture with
everybody you know because I want
everybody you don't have any pictures of
me she says she's gonna post a bad
picture me I don't care go to my Twitter
account go check out the picture of
Bridget where she looks like Quasimodo
or let's examine the picture let's zoom
in on the problem areas let's take a
look at the face let's zoom in on the
face on
oh that's right
this picture is real I took it with the
panorama view on the iPhone it exists go
to my Twitter share it that's it like
subscribe favorite and good god that is
an awful picture
