what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and today the first thing
that I wanted to talk about was Howard
Stern talking about my video on his
radio show this morning so I woke up
this morning and I had a lot of people
tweeting me oh my god I heard you won
Howard Stern this morning oh my god
Howard Stern is talking about you and so
I made it a mission to find it to see if
it was true and it was low and behold
Howard Stern talked about my video on
his show this morning
so before I continue any further let's
take a listen to see what Howard Stern
had to say about my video about Royal
Rumble hey what had just happened in
WrestleMania Batista got crowned they
got the guy
what Batista the wrestler I don't know
what you're talking about all we know
about watching this video where this kid
is watching them WrestleMania uh-huh and
I guess this guy Batista wins and he
goes berserk because he hates Batista
and he does like this part-timer guy
that like laughs that he came back in
handy what are you fucking high I mean
it's wrestling it's man if I guess like
a soap opera
they make that shit up no binder fucking
shows no I'm saying it's wrestling that
they plan that Batista's gonna win you
know that anyway let me just tell this
story all right so silly
wrestling so it was really funny there's
a video on them on YouTube where this
kid isn't Batista wins and the kid goes
berserk like literally his big fat kid
goes he goes to his room and starts row
and you guys like it must be 18 or 19
he's like a little too old but you could
tell it you know he's a little off uh
anything throwing shit in the house and
completely upset it's so good if you can
find it I'm sure you Google like pat√≠s
the kid going freaking out over the
wrestling match you'd find it
it's just too good and he's complaining
everybody cuz I was videotaping him it's
just so funny
some of those videos are great get a
bunch of them that was Howard Stern
talking about my video fat get upset at
Royal Rumble 2014 and thank you for the
comments Howard I know I'm not a little
bit off I'm not a little bit off second
of all I know that it's fake I realized
that WWE is fake now allow me to take
the time out to explain why I got so
pissed off people went asking me to do
this so here you go this is why I got so
pissed off will Batista won it's just
like Hansy said my problem is the fact
that he left for four years Batista was
gone now you say you're not a wrestling
fan so that's an excuse to not
understand just how big the well Rumble
match is the Royal Rumble is used to
catapult careers these younger guys who
are looking to make it to the main event
spot going to the Royal Rumble they win
they go to Wrestlemania and they become
stars now lately
w-we has stopped making new stars with
the Royal Rumble and they've had the
same people when and get over and over
and over and Batista comes back after a
four-year absence after saying fuck
wrestling and wanting to become an MMA
star in that failed because it fucking
sucks and he wins the Royal Rumble as
the P deserves it at all I get it it's
funny
big fat kids screaming about wrestling
but it's not as if I'm a retard it's not
as if I'm a little off as you'd like to
put it Howard it's the fact that I'm
pissed off because we got these guys who
don't belong and they're just getting
handed the company triple H is in charge
now and he's given everything to all of
his friends Randy Orton's The Champion
the New Age Outlaws are the tag
champions Batista wins the Royal Rumble
winners Ric Flair coming back to win the
Intercontinental Championship when as
Shawn Michaels just going to come in and
not even have to wrestle for the world
title they just hand it to him that's
the problem it's political it's bullshit
and these guys who don't belong anymore
are coming back and they're winning
everything without having to try for
well I happen to rebus their ass like
all the other guys who've been traveling
with the company for the past 10 years
have still been doing so Thank You
Howard I'm glad
to entertained by my video because I
have not been entertained by your show
for a very long time you see the Howard
Stern Show used to mean something the
Howard Stern Show was was worth
listening to the Howard Stern Show is
innovative it was different and now it's
shifted you see if Howard Stern from
1999 or 2000 or 2003 if that Howard
Stern would have talked about my video I
would have gotten 10,000 tweets not 30
to 40 maybe 20 I would have gotten a lot
of people talking to me about it instead
of the few because what you're saying
doesn't really matter anymore
oh you want to make fun of everybody
your Howard Stern you can make fun of
anybody but the second people started
making fun of Beth on Twitter you were
talking about calling the police oh I
can find out your IP address I can trace
it to your house oh don't talk shit
you're getting on my nerves fuck you
you're getting on my nerves
your shows getting on my nerves because
you fucking sold out you used to be
about the fans used to care about what
we're listening to and now you just
fucking get on there and you talk and
you don't care what you're saying
anymore because you just want to get out
of the studio you're more concerned with
how your perm looks than you are with
how Beetlejuice is doing or how Elliot
Austin's doing
or anybody else is doing by yourself oh
you cried when Robin got cancer I
fucking doubt it
so thank you to Howard Stern for using
the video I know this is a shift in tone
I know that I sound different now and
that's good because I'm not mad anymore
it's cool you aired my video you talked
about it it's cool I appreciate it thank
you
and go fuck yourself
