what's going on you guys keep me on
camera here and today I wanted to do a
video responding to a video that I did
now a lot of you hopefully all of you
watching this have seen my video fat kid
freaks out about the Royal Rumble 2012
Fugees wheezing the people's elbow and I
get emails constantly about that video
asking me why was I so upset so I wanted
to take a moment to explain why I was so
upset that the rock was beating CM Punk
to begin with so I guess the first thing
that I should cover is why do I hate the
rock to begin with and it's not that I
don't like his movies because I do some
of his movies are good it's not that I
just like him as a wrestler because I
think the guy is one of the best
wrestlers of all time the guy can
wrestle he's got charisma he's energetic
he's he's the rock the guy is amazing on
the microphone he can tear it up so
you're wondering well if you like all
these things about him why do you hate
him well I dislike the person Dwayne
Johnson more than I dislike the rock so
the rock had dreams of being an actor he
wanted to be a Hollywood star he wanted
to be an a-lister and so he used
wrestling as a catalyst to drive himself
to be a huge Hollywood movie star which
is fine you're allowed to do that I'm
not opposed to the rock wanting to be an
actor dreaming bigger making more money
that's okay but don't forget what got
you to the dance
that's what I'm saying suddenly we're
not getting as many paper visas with the
rock on it suddenly Rock is no longer
appearing on Monday Night Raw
suddenly the rock has completely
forgotten about SmackDown suddenly the
rock changes his name to Dwayne Johnson
so he can disassociate himself from
wrestling even further and it got to a
point where the rock was nothing more
than a character that we played on a
video game because he wasn't coming back
then comes the triumphant return the
return of the prodigal son to the WWE
The Rock has come back finally the Rock
has
back to promote a movie Fast Five I
think it was then the rock says he's
gonna come back for a match WrestleMania
the rock
John Cena one-on-one once-in-a-lifetime
make that twice so the rock is back for
our occasional appearances and that's
cool
I know he's busy and it's cool that we
have him but he in no way deserves the
world title now we have this actor
walking back into the ring facing CM
Punk and winning the title and that's
the reason I had a problem with it
because this man who decided to
disassociate himself with professional
wrestling altogether this man who
decided he was hit actor had not a
wrestler this man who returns for two
matches gets the title and not only does
he get the title but he takes it from a
man who's held it for over 400 days
virtually unheard of in this era of
wrestling it's impossible for somebody
to hold the belt for that long without a
miracle in this modern day of
professional wrestling
I think CM Punk was treated unfairly he
was given the title and he held it long
enough until Dwayne came back and
decided he wanted to be the champion
again he came back he won the title he
had a movie coming out before
WrestleMania and he lost it to Cena and
hasn't been back since so the rock beat
the dude who had the title for over 400
days just so he could lose it in a month
and that's why it's a travesty and
that's why I was so pissed off I knew it
was coming
I knew the rock was gonna disappear
after WrestleMania I knew that CM Punk
was having a title ripped away from him
even though he deserved it and that's
why I lost my shit that's it like
subscribe favorite and that's it
that's what I think about you Rock so I
think about you Rocky
get out seriously please 400 days thrown
away for the fucking so we can promote
another fucking movie until WrestleMania
