what's going on you guys keep me on the
camera here and today I wanted to do a
video about Justin Bieber that's right
today it was breaking news everywhere
TMZ Yahoo Facebook YouTube everywhere
breaking news
Justin Bieber has been arrested for DUI
it's all anybody was talking about it's
all anybody was asking me about my inbox
was overflowing what are your thoughts
on Justin Bieber Justin Bieber's a
fuckup Justin Bieber sucks look at him
now and my thought was leave the
motherfucker alone and no this is not
like a Chris Crocker Bieber alone I'm
not doing that all I'm trying to say is
give the guy a little privacy
now for the record I don't like Justin
Bieber I don't like his music he can't
sing you know
motherfucker got with Selena Gomez
having said that I don't hate him so
much that I gotta cling on to every
piece of news story that comes out about
him Oh Justin Bieber egg somebody's
house he should be deported to Canada
nobody shouldn't he just egged
somebody's house and the guy said it
cost $20,000 worth of damage was they
faberg√© eggs what was he throwing were
they dinosaur eggs what the hell is
happening that Justin Bieber cost
$20,000 in damage to somebody's house by
egging it seriously this whole thing is
starting to turn into a Britney Spears
situation when the bitch went crazy and
shaved her head bald and was swinging
umbrellas at paparazzi and shit all that
could have been avoided if somebody
could have taken a little bit of tension
off of her if we would stop buying the
tabloid magazines or going to TMZ calm
or caring so much what these people are
doing I don't give a shit what Will
Smith had for breakfast I don't give a
shit if Miley Cyrus was caught picking
her nose I don't give a shit if Justin
Bieber was driving drunk
none of that shit affects my life and so
I don't make it a point to check TMZ
every five minutes to see what's going
on
I think these celebrities deserve a lot
more privacy than they're getting I
think these celebrities deserve a lot
more respect than they're getting and
people are just waiting for them to fuck
up so they can pounce on them and
make it a medium you know breaking story
you know Justin Bieber driving drunk Oh
another celebrity sex tape because those
are orchestrated we got videos of
Britney Spears running over a
paparazzi's foot breaking his toes he's
gonna sue everybody's going crazy all
Britney Spears has lost it she's running
people over now who does she think she
is
well the wouldn't have happened if there
weren't 500 paparazzi surrounding her
car taking pictures where she can't
leave these people don't have lives and
I think there needs to be some kind of
law in place for some of these paparazzi
to get a distance away because they're
too close you got celebrities walking
around with their children and so in
paparazzi's are following them with
cameras and you got these motherfuckers
they can't go out and eat they can't do
nothing without paparazzi stalking them
and it's sad it's sad that we care so
much what these celebrities are doing I
don't care you shouldn't care justin
bieber was driving drunk
fifty thousand other people wore two so
that's it like subscribe favorite still
hate Justin Bieber but I don't care
enough to involve my life around what's
happening to him and give the guy some
space so we can handle his legal
problems and get his head situated so
the motherfucker doesn't end up dead and
that's what happens so anyway I know
it's gonna get a lot of dislikes because
everybody universally hates Justin
Bieber I'm one of those people but I
just don't I just don't hate him so much
that I want to post in my facebook that
uh haha be brought arrested look at his
mugshot it's a good mugshot good job
you're good at it man
