what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here vigil s here right there and
today is Saturday and today
Bridget is on the verge of apologizing
to me because last night we got into a
huge fight apologize guys oh yeah we
didn't film it but last night me and
Brigitte got into a huge fight she
thought that I was ignoring her Michael
bashed my head in the play buttons don't
say that it's right here please stop
please take that back
you're sick dude see you gotta take it
way too far
ah damn I know you so she thought that I
was ignoring her because I was playing
the Nintendo switch how do you gather
that I was ignoring you is that I wasn't
mad that he was like doing something and
ignoring me I was mad at because I did
my talk he was like bitch what do you
mean oh because well I miss because you
know you're so preoccupied if I'm dying
in a game it's because you're talking to
me okay
I'm usually like Billy Mitchell I'm the
king of Kong I am the number one world
gamer that's not true
he thinks that guys I don't really think
that guys we got into a fight okay
here's the here's about what happened
here's what our fights are like I'm
sitting there ignoring rolling my eyes
and bridges like face to face like a
drill sergeant before I was in the
shower that one time hey that's the
story for another day
smack you like win if you want to hear
it it is embarrassing the worst fight
we've ever had
smack the like button if you want to
hear it guys I'm sorry that I was
ignoring you I'm sorry that you were
ignoring me - you're part of the fight
was so bad that I need a gift that's all
I'm saying oh my god Michael this is
your fight you need to apologize I need
the guest no no today is Sunday guys
today we're going out to talk to you
with a little bit of bad news it's
unfortunate but it's good it's gonna
lead to good things okay
yeah grandpa's not gonna believe in the
today we're gonna talk about that in
just a little bit guys let's get this
blog started I accept your apology for
the fight that was really bad though
it's not guys just not that bad okay
it's it's a little bad news let's get
this blog started okay so I got my photo
surprise
ah those nasty it was a burp never
girls don't burp right what's funny
about that I have a surprise for you
okay because your eyes a little present
close your eyes okay yeah here you go
bro so I look at her just grab just grab
what what I'm going to toilet you didn't
okay
what was this salted caramel Pepsi what
it's new this is faith you love salted
caramel I think you do this is fake you
printed this label out yeah cuz I know
how to do that this is fake dude it's
not it so hold on they decided to make
salted caramel Pepsi yes Michael there's
something else in there what what do you
solve it what a little steak guest
toothpaste
no it's clearly some it might be like oh
it's going on the internet I'm gonna
redo it no stop okay fine let's redo it
and you'll delete it uh-huh
ready yes one more gift one more gift oh
sweet
Taylor Swift yeah we should do it that's
not convincing too far away alright the
first one and the second two yes I am
dude please stop okay no guys we whole
new scene no guys
Briggs just gave me a present reputation
by Taylor Swift uh-huh and what have you
tasted you're putting Tay in there ain't
you yep rep you take the saw it on
Twitter guys oh hey she gave me
reputation by Taylor Swift in this and
toilet paper so let me guess I'm gonna
drink this while listening the Fez and
I'm gonna have to take a crap because it
is yes good thing don't ruin it I'm not
I'm unboxing this Oh unboxing the Taylor
Swift album
I am excited I'm not gonna lie I'm a
swifty - yeah as I hate to admit it
whoa here we go ready I'm ready
what well thanks my making your way to
happy please stop the face now you're so
cute I'm so happy you like it
this is really cool dude it is Wow
so here it is you guys if anybody was
wondering what it looks like inside the
Taylor Swift album it is like a
newspaper so there we go
Wow what it's cool
yes it is I think when we get this
tattooed okay
in my face uh-huh what do you think I
won't be getting a tattoo of Taylor
Swift what oh no it's already broken
oh my gosh you can't even be okay what
how did this happen well that sucks
this is why people buy digital now okay
got reputation gotta drink some caramel
Pepsi it's time for me to drink your
favorite drink in the world
don't call my favorite drink okay salted
caramel Pepsi with which guys I don't
know man listen you could take your
medicine with those oh don't do this to
me Reggie it's gonna be hard to swallow
already and I might have to do it with
salted caramel Pepsi you want to blow up
some Wow all right let's do this
look at the size of this thing you guys
come on Bridget I have to take these
jacket look compare this it's almost the
size of the drink oh my god feels like
it I have to take this antibiotic okay
because I have that cyst in the area
we're not gonna discuss this boys John
could you stop this okay
so now I'm gonna take it with salted
caramel Pepsi oh man I was like Pepsi
NIT likes caramel in it
that's so weird I hate this it might be
really good though best wages not even
taste is just to go for it ready mm-hmm
all right that was probably a pill
flavor so you got to try it again
it's like rough soda really mm-hmm
you're drinking this so you know I know
your turn okay here we go
I'm not doing it excuse me if I had to
so do you you bought the thing I don't
want to it's just good thing you don't
know that you ain't writing it you might
love it
mm-hmm what is why is this exist don't
let what I feel about this Pepsi swayed
your pitch what your opinion guys cuz it
is you're a poss-eye
they might like it guys try try the
Pepsi for yourself let me know if you
like it if you try it let me know in the
comment section take a video and tweet
us I want to see react so my pork tasted
it smelled like it's kind of broken your
face can you burp and yours mmm
like I said you guys if you try it tweet
us the video of you tasting this and
what you think of it tweet me tweet
Bridget let us know what you think about
salted caramel Pepsi
yeah I gotta see these reactions I think
it's disgusting
ah ha ha hey you might like it if you do
I might walk you know if you like
something like something like that
guys we got to talk about something I've
been meaning to tell you guys first
things first the bad news isn't as bad
as you and I initially thought guys
let's talk no yeah it's just bad news
with with grandpa that's the worst way
to put it is bad news for like him
leaving okay that's what I meant they
don't have a bed available okay
let's talk about it one of the reasons
that this vlog is so short is because I
got to go to the hospital and I don't
really have much more time to be
vlogging right now probably for the rest
of the day so this is the majority of
the vlog you guys but before we get out
of here I wanted to talk about the title
about there being more bad news and I
want to alleviate your concerns right
now that there aren't any like bad news
in the sense that grandpas worse or sick
or I mean he is sick but the bad news
has nothing to do with like grandpa's
health it has everything to do with
grandpa actually leaving the room and he
is he is so furious right now I tried to
call and he refused the answer he
refused to talk on the phone he refused
to take my call he won not he doesn't
want to talk to me right now because
Lauren had to explain to him what's
going on so to put it into words for you
guys the plan for today was grant was
gonna be grandpa was going to be going
to a rehabilitation center in Mount
Pleasant the problem is the
rehabilitation center in Mount Pleasant
doesn't have a like a bed available and
with that a bed available it's looking
more like next week that he's gonna be
getting out of that room and by telling
grandpa that is probably gonna be next
week he thinks were lying now he thinks
that one of the things that he told me
last night was you know first he was
trying to find out if he's really gonna
be going to this room he was like a
moment ago and my dad of course you're
really going and he asked the nurse am I
ready to go and the nurse was like yes
mr. green you're going and you know he
asked me again
em'ly going because I feel like you
would lie and I'm gonna die in this room
and I and it was sad to hear that but it
was like dad you're not gonna this is
not what do you think's happening and
what grandpa thinks is happening yes
number one we're lying to him to get him
comfortable so he doesn't think
anything's gonna happen before it does
that's not true number two he thinks
that we're gonna be sending him to a
nursing home with just totally not sure
I would never send my father to a
nursing home
like I said in yesterday's vlog you know
I would get him around-the-clock care
first but that's what he thinks and by
the next day him not leaving and us
saying hey by the way you're actually
not leaving today that's sort of
confirmation to him that we lied to him
that he's not getting out that he's
stuck there that the worst is going on
and I have to like level as X pay
expectations a little bit I gotta
explain to him number one why he's not
leaving so guys that's the bad news it's
not as horrible as you guys might have
been thinking I don't want you guys to
think the worst it's just the fact that
he thought he was leaving today and we
thought he was leaving today and you
guys thought he was leaving today and
he's not leaving today and now he's not
talking to me according to Lauren he's
not talking to anybody the nurses come
in he's they do it and they're not gonna
put up with that they're not gonna put
up with you know dad tell them to get
out because that's their Hospital he's
really angry and I gotta find a way to
talk to him so guys we're gonna be doing
this outro in just a second so I can go
talk to Grandpa and explain to him that
it's not a horrible situation it's not
the worst possible news dad yeah you
gotta wait but you're still getting out
you you know you're still getting better
they just took him downstairs actually
to see if they needed to drain any more
fluid off of them and like I think that
went well so dad
things are good you're going to get out
of there calm down relax guys let's do
this outro sorry the vlog is so short
but guys a lot of stuff going on
got to go level grandpa's expectations a
little bit gonna manage them a little
bit so dad I love you let's go to this
hospital let's do this outro that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching I'm gonna start rendering
this vlog and then head to the hospital
and upload it in the parking lot it's a
whole process but that's what I'm gonna
do guys thanks for watching Bridget
thank you for the CD you're welcome babe
No thank you for the Pat singing the
toilet paper well thank you hope it
right do need that right now so guys
getting outta here salted caramel Pepsi
is going right through me thanks for
watching
guys I think I really the blog I said it
was Sunday by the way it's Saturday guys
get me out of here thanks for watching I
want to say once again thank you guys
for all the support even as people
continue to run their mouths about us
you know you still got our backs you
still show support you don't listen to
BS I love that about you guys thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite
everything for just and that's it I love
you guys so much you guys really are
amazing the best YouTube family you guys
are the best looking out for the spirit
of Jack Daniels I hear I hear you've
none I hear he's not crazy
