what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here and the first thing that I want to
say is I'm still wearing the same shirt
I haven't taken it off yet let's take it
let's give a look closely this oh my god
I left the house in this thing I went to
Walmart in it so anyway that's that's
what's happening first of all now second
of all I wanted to give you guys an
update on first of all the diet still on
it I went through a period where I
wasn't losing anyway for days I didn't
lose anything I was getting pissed I was
gonna quit the diet like ever when I was
saying I was just getting annoyed
because I was working my ass off and
turns out I was actually getting muscle
my leg still so I finally started losing
weight again I lost another 4 pounds
that's a lie 3 pounds I tried to add
extra powder in there I feel better but
my cell phone video so anyway still
doing that
I got no further update than that but
I'm still wearing the same shirt so
anyway I wanted to put this ahead of the
video because I know a lot of people are
been saying oh you're getting so many
videos out of the video the thing is let
me explain it again because I said it a
little too quickly people are saying
that I'm getting way too many videos out
of the prank they got me on when the
thing is there's just so many videos you
know when I edited the video I didn't
realize how much more stuff that I had
and so I saw I had a video for dad
eating a steak oh they know this is a
funny video so I uploaded that by itself
then I said Oh deleted scenes of course
now I'm uploading an aftermath so this
is the aftermath but this is it
this is the last video that I have from
the prank so I just wanted to tell you
guys that and I'll come back with more
updates after this check it out
keep an eye camera here anyway good
night
oh all week they bad I was been I've
twisted her words I've been living with
dad's house for days maybe we got you
I've been at dad's house for days days
and days
don't touch me yes I moose mother - give
me a car - right
give me a kiss give him a DAT me you're
going to kill your own father over me I
always want to kill him I was gonna beat
his face in you're willing to do that
over me
so I'm pissed at you right now yeah you
know you missed me I'm now I'm pissed
you sold the prank out I was gonna make
that thing I moved in kiss me
bridge I'm not kidding get off of me I'm
not getting off you right this is my big
blood because this is my fake blood from
Halloween that I got dad with a head run
Brian Webb yes you deserved it Michael
you're really dead
y-yeah and you know I'm always usually
on your side what happened you don't
deserve a prank by now because it's hard
to get me it is not hard
I'm gonna get you dude I got to good
luck good luck if I do if I get just
gonna be like on the verge of evil give
me kiss no that's right
they got me real bad duck lips they got
me all week yeah all week he knew like I
left and then I called him and he made
all week he told him mentally that night
is that night when it started yeah he
was talking to his fucking mom that
night the closet yeah
Corner it was my idea not cool dude
sorry you look very cute in your PJs
though I had to wear these PJ's freaking
all week his dad took my pants while I
was sleeping
motherly oh so there was that that was
the aftermath I'm getting heavier by the
day and it's not welcomed a lot of
people been telling me oh why don't you
groom it you'll look a little better cuz
I don't care if I care and I won't be
wearing the same shirt still so you know
that's it that's the last video I got
one more video actually I just lied to
you it's not the last video but that
one's going on bridges channel I never I
didn't even know I forgot she recorded
talking to me in an aftermath there's
just so much I like it make my head spin
those gigs of the thing is you know when
dad does these videos it's really hard
to go through the shit because dad
doesn't know how to work her camera so
in dad Brooke will say dad just does
this right here
Luke oh boy you're gonna get hit ass
today then after that he sits the camera
down and it records from the table for
an hour until the camera dies you know
so like I'm sitting like wow my god that
recorded for two hours turns out is only
talking for 35 seconds of it and the
rest of it's nothing so that's it
like subscribe whoa
Belle is trying to trip me up a lot of
wires right there
image it was okay yeah subscribe to her
because she's actually uploading videos
now Twitter and Facebook don't do any of
that who cares like so I'm gonna prank
you I'm going so you know I'm order I'm
organizing a prank and I don't know when
I don't know when but I'm getting I'll
get you back before you get me you can
have me back you've already got me yeah
