today I wanted to talk to you guys about
the WWE Network yeah I damn I love it
you much money I spend every month dad
I'm not sure if all of you know this dad
orders every wrestling pay-per-view ever
not $55 a month that cost him watch
wrestling got whatever Bieber well you
can't now you don't got it so now with
the WWE Network all grandpa has to pay
is $10 a month tada and he gets every
pay-per-view he gets every pay-per-view
that's ever ever been filmed he gets you
know these custom shows of the Monday
Night Wars and countdown and legends
house and what is visit until DirecTV in
details I'm doing I got a buddy ha ha
visit manliest and he's it out for the
fans the fans are number one not you
DIRECTV no you die water not you goggle
Comcast he lay it out for the people
didn't never brother Jack Kelly net yeah
you say that we all know he has a
trouble getting his wife into the Senate
I need a guy don't know why there's all
the Republican in a jolly ride a goddamn
state to try to become Republicans in
the kinetic in Connecticut that's not
happening not happen no so there's gotta
give it to him
this right here was what an idea this
right here are you making all the money
to lose to Michael
see I was looking it up a lot of you
said oh there's got to be a catch how
can you possibly afford to let the
pay-per-views go for 10 bucks a month
now then I was looking it up apparently
with that $55 that you're paying Vincent
man in the W II only see about 20
percent of it which roughly yet yeah
they don't get it all they barely in any
of it all he should done told him to
suck his dick so now who we getting the
line he gets all of the money of that
$10 a month
yeah and so go get
Dola I guarantee a lot more wrestling
fans will be watching their
pay-per-views now before I end up with a
lot more money because of this hell yeah
you go miss you go bitch so nice job to
Vince
that was smart love the WWE Network as a
fan of the sport for so long
yes I when I saw that I was watching it
live when I happen I flipped out to hood
up and it was really smart of him to buy
del u del whether W doubled WCW WCW and
uh you see that being easy to cuz they
got all their pay per views thanks go
put all their goddamn you get all of it
I know that Jim Ross was saying that's
why they started buying up those like
wrestling libraries and this McMahon's a
smart app and every wall he's one of
them
god damn well you were in love with
Vince a man H are you Daniella
but with that motherfucker that are you
are you part of the resume kiss my ass
club now no you shut my dick oh I'd kiss
his ass
you would I would give that with some
tongue I kiss his daughter that so thank
you too bitch a man that's not gonna get
it Johnny do you eat that's my head he
goes kiddies babe you know he can fuck
you red hot hey what about TNA fuck TNA
them stupid sons of bitches God get a
retard I'm so excited
you don't pitch the means bring back old
Cogan right what Oh code is coming back
probably Oh God don't do it again dude
ah what are you doing
there's Robbie oh ho
