man hey but we really you will say these
little Smokies for me it is computer
doctor don't don't
if you leave I got in the house you're
gonna get up at a G's an hour
so the idea was to try and drive him
crazy my first thing I thought this was
a sure thing was playing the guitar in
the morning yeah
kumbaya my lord come by god that's good
Michael damn boy you are talented fabric
accountant
the second thing was gonna be I was
gonna try to sing that didn't work mama
just killed a man put a gun against his
head pulled my trigger and he's dead
mama life had just begun we ain't good
together you know your talk about do
remain mama
forget it I'll see you with you forget
it I will see you with you has a problem
are you doing your cover
you think these be nice and being an
asshole at the same time I can't put up
with a much longer uh is get your ass
out the bed are you my fucking ass is
dead
oh where the goddamn girl oh come on
yeah I'm up yeah yeah
this is two days and this just isn't
working this is literally the only place
I can get away from him from
he was not like this before this is not
the white anywhere I want to look to the
first time
what are you doing
the fuck you talkin about
I don't care Bridget just pretend your
mom for a second oh okay okay okay okay
he thinks I got him doo doo doo doo
yeah I mom hey you coming this yeah hey
mom I was wondering if you would mind
coming over today and I mean that yeah I
like that that's good idea Michael you
know hug him over here I don't maybe you
guys headed off you guys go out together
maybe try
come on each other
that's a good idea Michael how do you
that'll work fine she's not coming why
doesn't anything
would you mind set back here back up oh
no I'll do it
no biggie what's going on you guys
pickleboy here and I've beaten dad today
I got up at 8 o'clock in the morning
there's no way he's prepared for me to
to not take a bath so I'm gonna do it
I'm getting a bath hmm oh I'm side note
this is the last day here I think my bad
was actually really ah well I got early
because I can't take a shower any day
I'm here no we gotta cool temperatures
with her on a thermal or I'm gonna take
a shower real quick down in the water ah
now why are you doing this to me because
blow Gemma neighbor bad in my house
let's go one time a day if I ate in the
morning your dad go why cause this is my
house get your crap back all right good
luck my okay
damn ah no more problems are you ever
again you will never tell me your
problems never ever will you screaming
about
I took care of problem I got a real
problem I don't stop yelling I got eyes
on you okay woman I don't see how
anything okay I could give a problem
Michael
are you covered in blood now
