what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here and I just wanted to throw
out a quick update it's Saturday and I
have not uploaded the video I know it's
not what you guys were hoping for or
what you were expecting you guys wanted
it tonight I wanted you guys to have it
tonight and you know it's just right now
it just shot up to two hours now it was
at an hour and 45 minutes now is that
two hours it's just climbing you know
I'll be asleep by the time this thing
finishes so I promise you guys I'm gonna
upload it tomorrow around noon till one
o'clock you know once I wake up I'm
gonna start uploading it right away so
you guys can have tomorrow to watch it
but until then but since you guys were
waiting I'm gonna throw some more stuff
on here this is gonna be some stuff that
I didn't include it to the videos you
know some just the extra stuff that you
guys can see so check it out I have to
work dad I was way around me if you're
gonna ride are we gonna be back in like
30 minutes maybe about it you can't say
that to a movie you told me in the house
so I'm sitting in the van with dad I
have to work and he's not allowing me to
work so if my boss is watching this this
is my excuse you did you only these
fucking doing what I wanna guys
but you can't do this we'll be all about
an hour and a half oh my god I'm so
fired
what are you like you do work anyway
what does that mean all you do is sleep
so I don't that I work until later in
the day Shh I need a normal to get a
normal job oh please you jealous why
would I be jealous because I get to work
at home instead of my ass
while you wait down on our bound please
get me home just hang me - bertson's huh
I'll get back to ya I'm gonna get back
together whether this is enough I know
you like it oh hell no you are dougie oh
yeah no you would never get back
together with her
never
I'll see to it
I was trying to do some sort of journal
I wanted to but I can't do anything I
can't sleep on the couch just get my
phone back oh you stole my phone he
won't let me eat me steak so my hat too
so he's doing all he can to make my life
a living hell he's not feeding me I'm a
hundred percent sure you used up the hot
water on purpose so you admit it
well I'm gonna take a shower tomorrow so
I can't do nothing I can't eat nothing I
can't bathe we're speaking up a bit to
ask you where's that bag of clothes I
had you did not throw my clothes away
you better not it's not my clothes away
where am I
I'm not afraid
I got nothing else to wear whatever
baggy clothes it's sparking ft told you
where are the clothes from it so that's
it like subscribe favorite I know you
guys were waiting for it just waited a
little bit longer check it out tomorrow
I just had a lot I stopped going I had
the radio show come on tonight and I had
other stuff going on so I just couldn't
you know I had more editing to do I
should've done it yesterday I just been
busy all week you know it's a busy
season for me but anyway like subscribe
favorite and thanks for watching
