that what are you making I hear to cyan
day off what are you damn TV off is your
team beat your Christmas
you really learn how to turn it off yet
no guy can't buy the remote down oh damn
was that so hard fuck you so I'm here at
dad's right now he is cooking some sort
of concoction of hamburger meat and
onion and it sounds disgusting and you
got even but I don't plan to you don't
want to diet sir motherfucker would you
leave shit alone look at stuff please
you don't live here no more leave shit
alone yes I kind of do live here right
now you do not live here time to live
here for right now over right now but
that right now ain't belong could be
forever no I'll be goddamned that's
gonna happen you can't even pack it this
way over package would you mind leaving
my goddamn shit a little out
so what all you do today oh yeah I was
here I saw you did nothing all you do is
sit down smoke and bitch about stuff
what's telling bother me all day math
burning
okay I'm gonna stir dad's coffee with my
finger I wouldn't know I wasn't really
gonna do it
what are you cooking hamburger meeting
onion
it's stink looking you don't live here
go home yeah what are you even doing
here I never do right now in the midst
of a plan right now I'm convincing dad I
hear them talking about me in that I've
convinced that that Bridget and I are
broken up and I'm living with him again
I'm saying this right now just in case
this video goes up before the main video
anyway that's what's happening I don't
like living here let me just say that I
don't like living here it's weird you
know that I don't think is that smart oh
man I got steam on here
you leave up Buddha love when you
cooking me for dinner your dinner you
live here now hey you guys you live here
now you eat what I there's not enough
there for both of us I already did lunch
well it's just freaking meat and onions
your plate first Bridget why are you
here you when you would jog your ass on
the block I did earlier need do it again
I'm losing weight damn it where Carol
he's thinning out I'll see it right
there in the back yes so dads being
insistently rude with me because I live
here again and I can't help it how do
you like my beard coming in down boo
take him home I'm not going home with
her after what happened and I don't feel
comfortable discussing it well I feel
come you don't mind I'd like you're a
goddamn video give the dooryard no
you're an asshole I didn't want to clean
the house we got into a fight nine left
eye you would agree my house I'm not
supposed to clean your house you leaving
Olivia so what I pay rent whatever you
dig
I will pay rent the four oh wow you
bought
damn hot dog supper last night I brought
I bought you that cake that you
destroyed Ikey I bought you those pecan
pinwheels I bought you those damn
powdered Donuts
I already squeeze them up whose fault is
that
that's right tonight and I'm gonna give
you rent on the 15th of next month
yeah we'll see pickle boy signing out
here hey I got it I'm not the name yeah
I bought yourself a dick that's what's
up is that okay is this an orange or
tangerine grapefruit oh it's grapefruit
