what's going on you guys QB on the
camera here and the first thing that I
want to say is this is video number 500
that is 500 different uploads for me
unless my counting is incorrect and this
is actually video number 505 but I think
this is video number 500 which obviously
is a big shout-out to you guys thank you
for helping me to reach 500 videos by
watching and sharing and disliking and
liking and commenting and just being
there as just some sort of group first
thing is I just got back from running
with Bridget like I told you guys before
she and I go jogging twice a day and we
try to push ourselves to go further and
longer that's what she said I don't know
I don't know if that applies but no I
try to go further and longer every time
and you know tonight was no different we
had about 45 minutes instead of 30 and
you know feeling good I haven't weighed
myself in about three days because I
just don't want to know right now I know
I want I don't want to weigh myself
constantly every day and that'd be the
only thing that I'm thinking about I'm
making this whole thing less about a
diet and about the weight and more about
just working to get myself healthier
which in turn will lose the weight which
in turn will make me healthier by not
checking the scale every day and just
trying to enjoy life and make it less
about the diet and more about just
getting better I guess you would say so
that's the update on the diet I'm still
on it and that's all I can say I don't
have a weight number for you because I
haven't weighed myself however the
second thing I was gonna say third
because I covered the 500 but the second
thing that I was going to tell you guys
about is the prank the prank that's
coming this Saturday where I moved in
with grandpa now I've been uploading
videos on all the channels go to bridges
channel and you can see the setting up
of the prank
what's that link will be below if you go
to you know my other videos you can see
updates from night one and night two
from staying in the house tomorrow
I got another video coming up where I
was bothering dad
well he was trying to tell the vlog and
I got a video of dad trying to cook some
food that was bothering him all that
kind of stuff that's coming leading up
to the prank
now the prank was me moving in with dad
now the concept was supposed to be I was
gonna move in with dad and I was gonna
try to make his life a living hell like
I was some crazy motherfucker now and it
turned out to be completely flipped
around on me where dad was the crazy
motherfucker
because Bridget sold me out as I was
editing the footage which I didn't know
that until I started editing the footage
a few minutes into the prank dad calls
Bridget and she tells him straight up
it's a prank ruin did the dad flips it
on me and dad made my life a living hell
for a few days so instead of the video
being pickleboy moves in pranking angry
grandpa it was grandpa pranks pickleboy
after he moves in so look for that
Saturday boy moves in the prank and
let's take a look at a clip yeah yeah
he's doing earlier don't worry about it
man I guess that was a couple of Clips
anyway before I get off of here and say
like subscribe and favorite first of all
one
thank you for helping me reach 500 you
know videos it's crazy it's a lot of
videos you know honestly that's a lot of
videos I also wanted to tell you guys
because I have people asking me if I
have a Twitter and I saw there are fakes
out there my twitter is at they were
called rap which you can see right here
in the corner that is my Twitter account
now my Instagram account is the same
thing at lirik old rap so if you guys
want to follow me on Instagram or
Twitter that's where you can find me and
I also have a vine kid behind the camera
so that's me follow me on Twitter I you
know if you guys are looking for a
response from me tweet me cuz I try to
stay as interactive as I can on there
and you know Oh Bridget will be pissed
if I don't say her so she is at bridge
of West on Twitter so that's it you guys
thanks for helping me reach 500 videos
look forward to the prank where dad gets
me he got me anyway look for that
Saturday like subscribe favorite and
this ecto is weirding me out I don't
know if you can hear it
