okay first things first I want to give
you a tour of my room this room is
usually for my nephew UMF use excuse me
when they currently oh yeah my sister's
boyfriend so I've been staying here so
since I've been here
first of all he keeps it super see I
hope the camera picks this up I'm a bang
on the wall oh yeah
so I feel like even a orphanage sleeping
in these little beds ah so this is my
room
I gotta sleep here for the next couple
of days while I prank dad so I don't
know what to say about night one you're
gonna see on the video because it was
crazy I ki woke up ah so I came outside
last night cuz I heard like fuckin loud
bangs that's dancing
and I don't know so oh this hurts I
can't sleep here
Oh God I've got to admit this prank is
having a profound effect on me oh so
that's the update on the prank that I'm
trying to pull it's not working I'm
coming yes where did I say that
