so okay one Cuban a camera here I know
you guys just saw me do a video about
get angry okay to give you guys
perspective of what's happening
ah after I got home from the party with
dad I decided to do a video and that
video was pranking dad into thinking
that I'm moving in oh my god oh come on
no why does it happen here I ever
technical sleep but why the fuck what
are you are you getting a today for that
camera
hey what do you want what are you doing
I'm just sitting here trying to vlog you
know good bad naughty to God an evening
it's freaking 3:00 in the morning you're
right you don't go to bed as early an
evening if I'm at yeah okay I'm up I'm
obviously up and forgot the camera going
ah get out of it dad just look for
there's my video and I'll get up you and
a goddamn camera
give me that goddamn okay I'm sorry I'm
not with a camera why is it so hot in
here
please turn it up the cake cool air on
are you ready oh god am i updated
motherfucking life though this house not
you hey lie down turn it anyway yeah
goddamn well please go don't man that
fuck you guys don't need some
arrangement boy
yeah I'll pick you back in the dock it's
only been a few out words I'm put by
okay go please
hey I'm gonna logistic yeah you probably
pay the bill no I need a goddamn bill I
paid a bill not you you got to go go man
so basically it was my idea to prank
that into thinking the members you got
into a fight and then I had to move in
I'm gonna stay here for the next week or
a couple of days to make him think that
the prank is real and the reason that
I'm okay with uploading this video is
because his computer is not working so I
can control the messages that he sees on
Facebook is it coming back what I told
you get your bad ass out of it
