yeah you was that YouTube yeah I never
heard of YouTube
you could video people and well you ever
heard of that twitch you do Oh
twitch video people went to check that
out guys we're getting a YouTube account
what's going on tonight
you'd be out of camera write to us here
right there and today we told you at the
beginning of the vlog we wanted to start
it with some good news and we are guys
we got some great news
angry grandpas being moved out of the
ICU bad guys when this whole thing
started we thought grandpa was going to
live out the remaining of his life at
the ICU and that's what we thought we
were terrified but that's what we
thought was gonna happen and today he's
in a regular room he is out of the ICU
and they're talking about discharging
him tomorrow what oh my god that is so
exciting
now guys she's not gonna be discharged
home they said he could be but I didn't
feel comfortable sending him home yet I
think he needs a little more rehab to
gain his strength and his legs and his
arms and so we're sending him to a
rehabilitation center for about 20 days
maybe less to get grandpa moving again
get that energy going get that that
anger boiling get that anger grandpa
back guys grandpa is coming home and I
can't believe that I'm saying that it's
amazing so I'm so so excited guys today
is Friday and today we're going to the
hospital he's not well enough to be
filmed yet but we're working towards the
guys today is Friday I know he's excited
he misses you guys so much it's all he
talks about is how much he misses his
young and I think it better for him and
everyone else and I said what about me
like no like what about me and he was
like yeah bitch I love you hey okay
whatever
today's Friday let's go to the hospital
we are at the hospital you guys as you
can tell it's about two o'clock in South
Carolina like seriously it is getting so
dark so early yeah like it seriously
guys right now seriously it is 5:30 okay
what yeah what happened
is the Sun dying what time 2:00
babe it's getting colder yeah so is my
heart my - you know Lauren you know the
hypocrisy of one of its hypocrisy but
there's a sign right above you this
isn't there smoking you cold low in it
look how cold it is it's like I'm
smoking - guys Oh sitting here
what'd you get like actually shop for
the club guys we're sitting here at the
hospital now there's one thing hey I'm
gonna show you guys that I have to do -
grandpa he has to drink his and Shores
he has to one of the like guys there's a
possibility he leaves tomorrow but it's
all contained contingent it's all
contingent on I feel like that's not the
work contingent I feel like it is
contingent like it's a collected
contingency in a contract anyway guys
it's he can only leave if his levels are
good and one of those levels that he has
to make good is his protein and he needs
ensures for that and he doesn't like
them so when he doesn't want to drink it
he has to drink three a day right now or
is it - at least - a day so when he says
he's not gonna drink it I'll be like
Ohana one second let me call the front
desk
it was all there like front desk yeah he
doesn't want to drink the ensure okay
you can't leave now I think and he
drinks it
oh my gosh I know I don't want you guys
to think it to mean it's not mean I'm
just trying to hello what's that man
always man never leave home without it
why he does everything everything yeah
you what that YouTube yeah I never heard
of YouTube well you ever heard of that
twitch Oh twitch let's check that out
guys we're getting a youtube account
YouTube
sounds familiar America's Funniest Home
Video I used to watch that yeah that was
funny you guys I enjoyed that like I
don't know I never heard you its are you
sure it's YouTube u-turn is cuter bright
guys basically what's happening is he
has to you want to go back to the garage
it will be up I'll be able to just a
minute what you said you're the bathroom
yeah you're speaking of dump we're done
oh yeah hey I'm just doing guys we'll go
back up in just a minute but yeah I got
to trick him into drinking his insurers
or he won't drink them and then they let
him leave surprise he just has to get
protein up bad or he's malnourished I'm
doing this because I love you
we're going back up yeah they they said
you have to drink at least one of those
insurers yeah he doesn't want to finish
it okay we'll cancel everything okay
yeah I'll take a couple more cells
yeah you took him thank you so much
can't do that it's encouraging my
nephew's do something wrong by go cam
call the cops cops they broke the rules
anyway guys going back we're going
downstairs just a second Bridget has to
smoke for the 50th time okay
Michael what are you doing
watch those grandpa's dinner he's on the
wall now Michael hey yeah I'm filming I
am yeah how could you think about grapes
is they give me horrible cottonmouth I
think that Mike Michael stop it he said
wouldn't wanted says giving up like
diarrhea so take he second habit okay
he's got to eat it I really just have to
take a second to show these flowers oh
yeah guys my friend Jim James as he
claims his name really is or Jimmy or
his James his mom I mean Jim is next to
me and said his name was Jimmy so that's
what we call him now on so Jimmy sent
James you guys know Jim Jim yeah like
I'm fucking your best friend I've given
three names for him now uh the guy that
I go to wrestling events with he
actually sent these to dad and that's
awesome I know they are so pretty
he loves them so we have really good
news for you guys we're gonna talk about
it a little bit not gonna give it to you
yet you can kind of guess work yeah it's
really good news
dad's watching this vlog I'm not gonna
film that but he's watching us with like
a weird look on his face when he wants
us to stop is he smiling
kind of he's just curiously
where we're stopping all right guys we
got some good stuff to talk about that's
in a little bit or then use coffee okay
some of you to go hey I'm serious I am
NOT signatures it wasn't great
I'm sorry you need to get a mask yeah
okay yeah on the verge of leaving this
place and not about okay I'm out
go go go go go go home and going she's
leaving you guys we have some news to
talk about but she chewed that seriously
oh I'm not kidding get out like Oh
Bridget okay you're not here this is
just food with your nasty hands I'm not
kidding no no time for it come on it's
Michael you didn't even wash your hands
to touch this food I don't you're just
trying to get me out of here one okay
I'm going by boat nurse is coming I
gotta go guys we're leaving the hospital
when we get home I'll tell you
everything that's going on I told you we
got some good news and we did this has
been a good day I had a Tracy as you can
tell I had to use a little form of
treachery yeah I guess you could say
right I was a liar but oh poor thing
yeah got it guys I did a little form of
treachery okay I and I apologize Lauren
if it was me it worked you know as I
said downstairs earlier the only way
he'll drink it is if I pretend to call
the front desk I'm like yeah he's not
taking it I think he needs to leave
Saturday and you know because the real
problem is are you doing you close just
decompress it I want to press the button
oh you just finished the second floor
you are sick do you
so like I was telling you guys you know
one of the big problems is protein it
doesn't give us protein Bagon loudly so
I gotta be like oh they're sending
police if you don't thank you
whatever I gotta say well if it whatever
works if it works it works guys we're
getting out here we're gonna go home I
got a lot to tell you when we get there
see you in a few minutes going home I am
really fortunate for today oh we're
gonna talk about it fully when I get to
the house you guys I want to do it in
proper lighting I'm just uh number one
yes he was in a new room out of the ICU
he was talking the whole time yeah he
was really talking the whole time I
can't wait to get into all this with you
guys like you guys heard him talk a
little bit he wasn't talking at all so
he's talking guys we're going home today
was a great day and I'm so fortunate for
it let's take our miles by the cuss at
pocalypse let's go home we're home you
guys and then it's time for you guys to
be filled in with all the great news so
I wanted to you know do this one it was
official and now that it's official I
can tell you guys
number one tomorrow grandpa is going to
a rehabilitation center which is so
crazy guys when this all happened it was
the last thing that I expected I keep
telling you that they brought me there
to say goodbye and I mean it within
every fabric of my being but I thought
it was over and I didn't know how it was
gonna tell you guys and I don't know
what was gonna happen next
Emma I couldn't imagine a world where
that was a possibility and it seemed
likely when we got there it seemed like
he was never leaving and then the next
day we had our meeting with the doctors
and they were saying
maybe we should consider removing him
from the IV drip that was keeping him
alive
it was regulating his blood pressure
they were saying maybe we should
consider removing and I said no not
right now this is way too soon to make a
stupid decision like that
let's give it a couple of weeks maybe
and they were like okay but I don't
think this much is gonna change and then
a couple of days later his blood
pressure started to regulate and they
removed him from the IV drip and it
continued to regulate and they started
giving it to him by pill form and it
stayed like hi
and he started talking and he started
joking and he started to become his old
self and then they said yesterday hey we
can move him to a regular room and I got
there today
and he was no longer in the ICU and when
you're not in the intensive care unit it
takes things to a different like level
when you see that they're there with
everybody else now they're with general
population and now tomorrow a week after
they told us that we should remove him
or at least consider it consider
removing him from that IV drip a week
later he's going to rehab so we can gain
his strength back and dad I'm so proud
of you for fighting you told me he was
in bed and he was like I'm ready to
fight and I was like dad I want you to
fight too and that's what he did he got
up and he fought and now he's leaving
tomorrow and I'm so thrilled because I
didn't know it was gonna happen and dad
you're scared
he's been scared all day you guys he
doesn't know what to expect
uh number one he thinks that we're lying
to him he he thinks that we're keeping
him in the hospital but we're just
trying to keep him like happy he was
like I'm leaving tomorrow right I was a
dad you're leaving tomorrow and the
nurse comes in he was like am i leaving
tomorrow and she says yes you're leaving
and then I come back in to confirm that
I'm leaving tomorrow dad trust me okay
if you don't leave tomorrow you leave
Saturday you will be you're getting out
of here you're going to rehab man you
fought you fought your way out of this
place and then he was like oh
that's an earthen home and that's dad
this is not a nursing home and you guys
this is not a nursing home I would never
stick my father into a nursing home I
would by round-the-clock care in his
house first this is rehab it is built
into a nursing community but in a
separate the nursing home is here the
rehabilitation center is here guys it's
a Mount Pleasant it is a great place
please don't start calling it you guys
because you're not gonna reach grandpa
you're just gonna get them thrown out
right please don't call Oh guys amazing
I couldn't believe it dad we're not
throwing you in a nursing home we're not
keeping during the hospital we're just
trying to do what's best for you and I'm
so happy that that this is even like a
possibility right now what just happened
anyway that was a weird way I was
standing anyway guys I'm floored I'm
happy this was amazing news I wanted to
share it with you guys grandpa is
getting out of the hospital what what
I'm so happy guys we're gonna be doing
this outro I just wanted to take a
minute to tell you guys the good news
I've been holding it in all day I'm sort
of telling you a lot of you people
probably guessed it but I wanted to tell
you thank you guys so much for the
prayers and the thoughts and the support
I'm not a religious person but II when I
was praying I was like you know what it
doesn't hurt right and it doesn't you
know guys thank you so much let's do
this outro I'm so happy to have this
news for you dad I love you and I love
you guys well that's gonna be a pretty
day you guys thanks for watching that's
the good news I hope you're as happy as
I am dad I love you this is of course
everyone is super happy I'm super happy
this is awesome guys totally I'll expect
it you know even yesterday if he was
gonna happen this soon like leaving
tomorrow jeez man know two days ago
things were uncertain like I know like
he really pulled there he is a fighter
dude when he looked at me he was like
beep I said because he cuz like he was
laying in bed he goes no I know
give me up I'm gonna fight okay Oh guys
thanks for watching dad I love you
how funny was that guy when I was really
what's YouTube oh I know oh my that's my
favorite part of the vlog guys I know I
want to keep doing it happens again guys
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite fun everything for Jonas and
dad it get out of there man yeah
