what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here and I realized that this is
my second upload for tonight I know two
uploads from Kiana camera not that
you're gonna like this one
I'm gonna warn you ahead of time it's
got my music in it so if you don't want
to hear me rapping and you think I suck
or you don't want to hear it or you
think I'm a fat ass show you anything
you think about me go ahead and click
dislike now I'm asking you ahead of time
so for those of you who don't know I
like to make rap songs sometimes it's
just something that I do in my spare
time it's nothing that I take seriously
I don't think I'm the next Eminem I
don't think I'm the next Hopson I don't
think I'm some big megastar I just
sometimes get bored or I need to take
out some frustrations and I make music
with it and I hadn't made a song since
my don't funk up the beats you know 2013
edition cut whatever though I don't
remember last year I haven't made a
video or a song since January or
February of last year so the other day I
was breaking out my old microphone set
up this the whole thing right here and I
was breaking it out for the radio show
so I could bump up the quality and I
decided I'd make some new music so first
of all this my dogs are going crazy calm
down
so first let's listen to a couple of
previews for some songs that I'm working
on that are unfinished the words shit
stalking you why my feet Hodgins are no
round to know what they're
I'll let you live in fear fearless
thought can be prepare everything enough
up on gonna get bitch I see it clear
love slowly stalker though she's
watching as I watched under she's
running but there's nothing she can do
follow to my lair we're gonna play a
game is called the Slayer not to play
chances are they game is rigged so bitch
you lose it anyway don't try to run away
y'all come to pick up are your brain
tell me was this
fifteen years old and wants to run away
she can't relate to anything the father
passed away she thought was shamed to
know she's from a place she can embrace
is someone saying her parents never knew
the trophy raised or that they
generators left the width of uncle si
mom was in the Trojan dad was drunk and
went to jail and these events would lead
to be the moments that would make a
think that nobody would ever care about
her that she didn't need anybody cuz a
family they wanna see give anymore than
I think the she's a burden and she makes
believe the things again and better hope
to god that she can be a better person
that someone could love and praise her
she could see a better way to be the
being sad and grow when we seeing just
how deep the cut can get before us to
bleed seep the screens and do what
pillows torture cold and bleak this
girl's afraid to be a witness so afraid
to sleep
those are unfinished usually it takes me
about 20 minutes to write and record a
song but these ones I decided I want to
take a little time I'm gonna edit I'm
gonna work on them I want them to be
okay and so anyway without further ado
here is the new song it is called
hanging on I didn't remember the title
hanging on
look at us we're always fighting like
what sick of why each of us has ever
done it's like the other one is out of
line be right I guess I missed the bus
didn't understand what you met before
you God just stop think you're left man
and hurt I felt a building up and chose
to let it escalate cuz usually we stop
it's just who can making love Apollo
just like making up as usually the part
that puts a stop to the ridiculous shit
you're saying nickens meaner every time
we fight trying to find a way to win the
war you're waging of my pride love the
kind of god i hold it's eating me alive
why you're my the only one who has to
come apologize guess I started it
absorbing it's a woman but it doesn't
help the fact I'm holding back from
calling you a cunt
even if you're not sick of every
argument it's only getting worse for us
and now we need to make it stop girl we
need to make it through girl you really
need to choose who you want to leave
with stay with me cuz now I feel
confused I'm feeling so a few so with
you the questions who buy a shuttle
bacon hurt me you're the one I need to
lose the herd I'm holding to us like I'm
walking with the news waiting for the
brand to drop a run and me the three of
you are there to cash because the
problems coming man resume the floor
below bar Peters Haven interchange -
what the fuck is going on why are we so
destined now how could you believe that
I would cheat us like I never would love
with love with you stupid Joe lead only
one for me just like the other girls
before you make me want you more who the
fuck are they bitches faded in the past
here we are together rent we fight with
everything we have lead up loser than
the precious get into my head bitch I'm
getting really mad pay attention so he
can move on with the past build a future
see your dad fixes all that we destroyed
that girl the only thing I have wanna
get it back when they keep it here so
that we can raise a family together
wannabe and dad but I can't if we live
for every argument listen pay attention
cuz I'm clinging on with every gas or
breath I've ever had my heart is beating
out my chest Jesus pain
need a hand to keep ahead and grow we
need to make it through grow you really
need to choose who you want to leave a
stay with me cuz now I feel confused I'm
feeling so abused so with you the
questions who by a shackled vacant
earthly you're the one I need to lose
the hurt I'm holding to looks like I'm
walking with the news waiting for the
bride to drop among than me to see if
you are dead attached because the
problems coming bare resume the floor
below my feet is caving in to change my
point of view roll we need to take a
chance to make a change in fight but
damn I hate to waste a Louisville days I
play without a choice but man it's great
to watch your favorite days are gone but
yesterday you hate it and I'm so ashamed
to say that things are jokes to say I
only wish their wave will stop this
simply starting to think that hate that
builds and escalates a tween let's find
a new escape
we'll try everyone things I hate this
building in my veins of dank I wanna
take it and just stop so we can make the
change or we need to make it through
girl you really need to choose who you
want to leave us they would think us now
I feel confused I'm feeling so abused Oh
will you the questions who buy a
shackled vacant birthday you're the one
I need to lose the hurt I'm holdin see
was like I'm walking with the news
that's it like subscribe favorite hope
you like the new song oh yeah she's
making videos now I'm making her make
videos we just uploaded a new video on
her channel about the first time she met
angry grandpa lobby people went asking
for us so it was on her channel now go
check it out it's the first time bridge
about angry grandpa that's it you know I
bet what happened if people actually
listening to this part because I got
through the music it's like you know
what screw this clique probably a lot
who'd assume anyway if you're seeing
this go watch the video like subscribe
matter of fact if you're seeing this
comment and the post in the comments
pickleboy 2014 so will know just how
many people heard it like subscribe
favorite and that's it
