I know you can't see me I'm stepping
into a light I just want to give you
guys an update the first being that
every night Bridget and I jog about 30
minutes at a time twice a day right now
we go around the neighborhood about four
times we're going five times now so
we're updating I'm gonna stand here for
a second a lot of natural light
well natural is in there's a light pole
a lot of people look for an update first
of all I got that from base planning
earlier while we were jogging so I can't
see any of the thing last time you guys
saw me I'd lost I think it was actually
14 pounds autumn Bridget and today is
actually about 19 pounds I wish it was
more I gained a couple pounds bridges at
20 pounds you know when I say gained a
pound it wasn't a sense of you know
eating too much as I was building
muscles in the legs I can run faster now
and I knew that you know I feel like I
look like I've slimmed down a little bit
my beard is probably weighing me down
some but I'm not shaving that but that's
what's happening right now I don't want
to
it helps me sweat so we're jogging for
the 4/4 time around here tonight this
actually makes eight times now this was
the fifth time er I wasn't we're going
around for the fifth time
so it's progress it started off as three
times around then four times now it's
five times around so that's the weight
loss update 18 pound 19 pounds somewhere
in that area I did gain a couple pounds
I had to reduce those but we're eating
better we're jogging losing weight
trying to get back to my my goal weight
a lot of people gonna say that's still
fat my goal weight is 270 pounds that's
because I liked 270 that's just the goal
weight I want to keep losing weight
after the goal
but the goal weight is 275 or 270 so I
was 280 in the video or I came back from
New York I was 285 and I actually liked
that look so anyway that's the update
I'll record more when I get into the
hell's so I'll be back in a minute
well I'm back home I'm watching Raw and
just wanted to finish the video the
first of all the tree is still up we
didn't do that video yet we will
tomorrow I just had a lot of stuff going
on a lot of unexpected stuff came up but
that tree is coming down tomorrow you
know a lot of people been asking me the
kind of stuff I've been eating a lot of
people saying stay away from Brad's I've
had to tell I would need a lot of
grilled chickens and steaks and fruits
I'm eating pineapple right now I don't
know that's not the kind of food should
we do a fresh clap so you're not gonna
see a change or anything but this is me
oh so I'm working on it trying and
that's it so like subscribe favorite and
wish me luck
