give me the camera okay so apparently
what's just happened oh it's so funny
yeah I guess you're a bitch I guess it
out great oh my god damn here won't come
for them I just know that are you
working please dad I'm exhausted losing
them I'm sit down I visited the whole
time you've been working dad I'd had to
pay too much 20 bucks do all that so you
took advantage of me okay so dad this
been what an hour out a half Oh dad has
had me doing his whole you heard your
whole yard
you did great though you ain't done yet
I'm not involved with your tribe no more
I was no no I know why he'd lied on my
name like that you weren't in on it no
uh yeah hey you think I'm still doing I
think he's done enough he got his tip
I'll pound you
you take admit overtime well so dad took
advantage of me do you do with all his
yard work yeah good job thing though
tomorrow you come at rink
I'm not doing anything tomorrow I'll put
the rake over here put my hat on oh my
god
so um a little bit of time go by not
much time I guess but man that killed me
you need to rip me are you made me do a
lot dude who wants to lose the weight me
then do great the are you come back
tomorrow No
lasagna blood yeah before Sonya so oh
man you know I'm gonna prank you now
right
for what helping you lose weight if you
were to tell me straight out what's
happening I still would have done that
no you would I would huh
I can't even hold the camera oh well
okay so how long something gonna be out
I gotta clean this again girls on your
hood stay back
let me see sure it stay back I'm
allergic to stupid that's why I get with
you hey you're my sweat stain still on
you hmm
or a hug dip all right guess what what
my son shown you what I'll put on your
back how long's up in there did you
start it you gonna run in a tree you
back you go jog what does that do it
posed it does it okay but I don't like
that dude you gotta turn around we get
you ready in there Duggar yeah yeah
nothing do this you ready
why go ahead why no yeah you got you
like a billboard top that make you one
one oh you gotta be joking this Ben told
me the whole time
yep take it off of the trash you have to
get you peed out more
what
