what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here and first things first is
soon we're gonna be taking down this
tree should have already done it
I told Bridget that we had to have done
it already because Christmas is over and
I don't want to be the people who has a
Christmas tree up in June so tomorrow
I'm gonna put up a video of us taking
them the Christmas tree
Bridget is not aware of this yet I'm
gonna tell her at the end of this video
that we're taking it down and I've
already said it on camera so we have to
do it anyway the main reason that I'm
making this video is to tell everybody
that I am officially on a diet one of
the main reasons to do this is so I say
it on camera so now I have to do it I'm
pretty sure I said that before and I
didn't follow through I did I lost some
weight I'm sure you guys remember there
was a time where I started to slim down
then I moved out I started you know
spending money on food because I wasn't
a dad's trailer and I started to gain
weight and I know that and I admit it
Bridget started taking that medicine
that started making her gain weight and
I promised her that if she were to try
to lose her weight I would do it with
her so now I'm stuck into it I started
doing it before Christmas it's not like
a New Year's resolution that I'm gonna
drop because I'm really trying hard at
this thing and I'm gonna say my fucking
weight here we go right now currently I
weighed 315 pounds 315 pounds now a
couple weeks ago
you know before I started the diet I
weighed 335 pounds so that means I've
lost about 20 pounds so far
and the way I'm doing it is I'm watching
what I eat Bridget and I go jogging
every night I'm just doing whatever I
can you know I see the comments I get it
I'm a fat fuck I understand I get it so
I'm trying to make a difference we're
trying to eat better we have been eating
better since before Christmas we're jog
and we're doing some more exercising
we're pounding water my friend Jim told
me to pound water you gonna drink more
than a gallon a day pretty striking like
drown or some shit I read something but
anyway that's why I wanted to tell you
that's what I want I can't even talk
tonight
that's what I wanted to tell you guys if
I'm on a diet and I say it on camera to
make me continue with it because maybe
there's a little more pressure to
continue on a diet if everybody knows
that I'm doing in they're looking for a
little bit of progress so that's what's
happening right now I'm trying and I
know there's like a mark right here I
don't know what the hell that is but I'm
going to diet I'm trying to lose weight
not eating whatever I want is miserable
but I've lost twenty pounds and I know
the comments was you can't tell well
maybe not but hopefully eventually you
can so that aside another thing I wanted
to talk about is I noticed a couple of
people were nominating dad for some kind
of shorty award now I'm not exactly sure
what the shorty awards are it's some
kind of you know recognition for a
presence on the internet I don't know I
kind of found it cool that people were
actually nominating dad to win some kind
of Internet award so if you guys want to
vote for Dad
which would be greatly appreciated just
nominate dad for the award click below
the link is there for the shorteez so I
don't sound like I'm being conceited and
think that we're gonna win or we deserve
to win I don't think that we can win I
don't think that we will win because
there are people out there with millions
of subscribers way more people casting
votes for them and I understand that I
don't think that we have a chance it's
just cool to have a button you know
people voting for us to be nominated for
some kind of award to begin with it's
cool that there's people out there who
will take their time to sign up to the
website post the tweet or whatever you
know whatever it takes for them to do it
if you guys want to nominate grandpa
it'd be greatly appreciated
you know we love you guys for everything
that you do so nominate dad by clicking
the link below and now I'm gonna go tell
Bridget that we're taking the tree down
Bridget has lost 15 pounds doing this
diet so that's pretty cool why is it so
cold
I feel like we're in an article right
now it is freezing out here
it's cold everywhere a lot of people are
using this as a tool to say global
warming doesn't exist I don't know if
global warming global warming does exist
but anyway Bridget
tomorrow we are taking down the tree we
are not gonna be a family to have a tree
up in June this thing in here and get it
in camera shot it's coming down bye-bye
Christmas tree Christmas is over for
green and West Emily what do you guys
think you want three down love it
well we think I want the tree down
because I hate it Bella hates the tree
will you collide fucked actually Bella
jump up if you want the tree down you
two pod okay wait
