ah God you are repulsive you jump up
freakin towel oh hell yeah they get
nearly that I got em Jesus what I think
dude
so it's just smoldering robbed from a
volcano you're not gonna eat that right
now that make your dick hard
okay one oh hell bridge it wasn't Oh
make you bucket leg so little
aphrodisiac or something yep
ain't got you go he's taking you so long
to get this thing out you got rid on the
I left my hand you know virgin oh my god
damn dead one jealous oh my god jealous
Bridget I take it hey if it's a noise
off that's counter oh God y'all
disgusting I'll take another one we're
through me I anymore now about it we've
got how many come on one big shell dude
I dunno how you have Isis Michael I'm
always think what am i behind least I
will not try it it's like it's salty
goodness it is piece of slime dude no
there's like oysters slung around about
it's good
I got their shadow bugger
they're all going off now they are so
hot they're so good you have a very shit
bye dick that's hot
you gotta try one Michael I'm not gonna
try it
hey dude on the 14 crawl one all right
but if I spin it it goes dad's face oh
there you go it didn't go go dude well I
got it cut the thing in half is so good
you have the whole thing though it's a
little one that's what little one Oh
give me a camera give me the camera
give me the camera I'm not eating this
come on Michael yeah all right here goes
and so the actual if you try one and
chew it yeah cut something in fucking
happens if that big piece was too
intimidating
okay oh they're good you can either Baba
it's a little bit hard it's not a dude
cuz I think in half you're me to try it
I cut it all right here we go swallow it
I'll try Oh God uh-huh okay now you guys
headed dry you this is like the time
y'all you sardines together no this is I
only had a couple finds alone your turn
that Dalton bushel let me have one man
was a Tony Brown yeah you were back
there - sure - yeah old Charlie Brown
seafood how do we ever forget y'all
about seafood
