what's going on you guys keeping out a
camera Here I am standing with Grandpa
we're in the middle of filming the
year-end review and we were talking and
dad has something to say about the radio
show this Saturday yeah that's good
I am so damn tired of people writing me
about my ex-wife you know she's an ex
because she's an ex you know I'm not
like these other people that are out
there that hot that they try to hide
their dirty laundry Phil Robertson that
try to hide their laundry
they try to hide their feelings oh yeah
Paula Deen I tell my shit you people
have been talking about me and Tina for
a long time over two years well Saturday
night oh shut the fuck up radio with
Isaac and Michael link below link here
I'm gonna tell the whole fucking story
this shit that nobody knows but me and
Michael and Michael's asked me not to
tell it but I'm gonna I wish yeah and
there's some of the stuff I wish you
wouldn't say no it's all coming out even
stuff is happening today I'm all for you
taking that shit out fucking so I'm
gonna be telling the whole story only oh
shut the fuck up radio the link will be
here Saturday night what time 9:00
o'clock Eastern nine o'clock I'll be on
there till I tell the story that I'm
gone and then y'all we talk to Michael
so that's what's happening I want
through you said so that was a closing
well I got your closing right yeah
talking about I'm gonna let the story
out you're gonna hear about it you're
gonna know what's going on
you ain't gonna read about it on
Facebook and you're not gonna hear about
it on YouTube only oh shut the fuck up
radio now now there's a lot of stuff
happening still happening oh man I just
have done a whole bag of oyster shells
thank God I was wearing shoes because I
would have cut my feet open so I'll shut
the fuck up and listen this Saturday
dad's gonna speak out on his divorce
with mom what triggered it what happened
after it and what's happening
a because a lot of people been asking a
lot of people want to know a lot of
people have been insulting dad about it
and it's gotten to the point where it
has to come out so this Saturday 9
o'clock Eastern Time the link is below
check us out on STFU and listen they
better make sure the kiddos I remove me
to hold everybody I don't think it will
well you're gonna have to show up early
because the room might get packed it
happened before so check us out
shut the fuck up and listen I turned the
light what huh you said shut the fuck up
listen what do you owe me doesn't do
come on the show I put yours in shut the
fuck up
hey shut the fuck up and listen wait you
remember check out for these their
goddamn work dad shut the fuck up and
listen
Jojo me that way mother why are you
getting annoying don't tell me to shut
the fuck up
dad the name of the radio show you bet
you my boy you don't tell me to shut the
fuck up I'll talk oh I won't okay and
he's not gonna jump off for after the
story he's gonna take your phone calls
too so call in listen in this Saturday 9
o'clock what are you doing I can they
Bobby and I dig into the chat room it
was an accident I thought somebody was
trying to be you what nobody copy that
either yet
