what did you say you're gonna laugh I
wanna know what he's saying though cause
you look so cute guys I woke up my phone
was going haywire right dang dang dang
dang like what is going on right Hey
look and Grandpa is sending text after
text after text after text leonis come
on read it
so first thing that he said where are
you
why he not come today I am leave
tomorrow's packed my shut I want to go
got it and he really did say shut but
even if he did not want to censor my
song so I said dad I was there all day I
had to leave when visiting hours were
over and he says tell gen bring my shoes
bring my clothes bring everything I
leaving tomorrow I know he wants to
leave you guys yeah right now you can't
because we're still working on
regulating the blood pressure so when we
regulate the blood pressure the next
step is to move into a private room and
then hopefully being discharged I love
you down but you can't leave you know
the worst would happen if he left his
organs would shut down and I hate being
so blunt you guys but that's what would
happen I said I said dad you need some
rest
love you I'll see you tomorrow he tried
to say BS he said bull sharp I'm leaving
tomorrow okay love you but I want to get
up Oh bull shirt full sir oh you love
this I know and I want you to get up and
you will but that's about your blood
pressure
it's very serious I want you to be able
to leave too but even if you do you'll
have to go to a rehab right he said I am
I am no on drugs bike so he thinks I'm
talking about like a drug rehabilitation
shower
look not that kind of rehab dad lol it's
a physical therapy I'm promising we both
have the same goal get some rest okay
I'll see you tomorrow love you okay it
was like 10 minutes I went by he was
fine
hello yeah I was just typing so dad just
relax us good news we'll see if we can
get him just right yeah
because he seems talking of it's only
taxing is a major improvement he can
type he's taxing it just yeah he's
texting yeah
that's hand movements the start to PT he
probably threw the phone across the road
comfy awesome
does he not have voicemail even just say
call failed
what dude if he threw his like phone to
the 20 letters not bad I'll try you back
later dad okay maybe he's asleep guys he
went back to sleep
I had just went to sleep the first time
in a long time I went to sleep before
like like 11:30 at night my god right
good night rest now about I'm really
grateful for it like if I'm gonna wake
up I'll let go for that yes absolutely
that's so freaking awesome I'm just
gonna keep taxi coming what should I say
tell him you love him dad I love you ask
if he still hates me you guys we're
getting there day stuff when I get me
started now I guess the vlog is getting
started right now in the next scene it's
gonna be daylight dad texted me I know I
said the next scene was gonna be in the
morning you guys but grandpa texted me
again I had to show in you guys okay so
the last thing that I said the dad was
dad just relax it's good news and he
texted me you picking me up bridge pull
car up bring 55 then I said dad it's
almost 1:00 I love you but you got to be
there and he just said okay dad I love
you you know
to even be able to send me a text
message at this stage is just
astonishing right I know I
two days ago he couldn't feed himself
yeah like he was laying there I moved he
want some ice cream he couldn't talk he
couldn't feed himself and to be now
sending me text messages yeah you know
it's like major major improvement major
progress major improvement dad I love
so much the first step is to get you
feeling better and then getting you into
a regular room yes and then get you home
yeah and to be able to even discuss that
is amazing
hopefully by the end of this vlog he'll
be in on his own room right now it was
so austere goal for today let this vlog
be called grandpa is out of ICU oh god I
would be so honest I'm hoping for guys
I'm just in a good mood I know this is
great when suddenly this happens you
cherish the little things yes and a
conversation with dad it's great so dad
I love you text me anytime you want I'm
gonna cover the lens but usually want to
do it cuts the camera off so I'm gonna
do it very gently just cut off what oh
no start over
so dad just texted me again you're lying
no all right one second all right so um
maybe we still have like some of it
lying no what do the camera Michael oh
here's one corp like five minutes or
something okay let me coverage Oh No
let's get this day started
Michael this is so bad are you that
seriously it's blinding okay go sit down
we're over here
can you walk okay let's just go too bad
why are you even filming right now
because I need to show everyone that is
still here no
and it's leaving it tomorrow I will
please put a stop to this day it's the
next morning you guys right now it's
cold like really cold like it usually
doesn't get this cold like what's going
on world like Bridget loves it guys I
hate it not only is it cold but it's
raining which makes it double miserable
oh so you'd rather just be really hot
and sweaty no I would rather fall
I don't like summer or winter so anyway
I'm sorry this is not fall weather okay
this is I will fall in this weather I
tried to make a joke didn't work you
might get a nice storm soon and that's
fall no it's like this is fall weather
we have an ice storm coming but that's
not fall weather okay so guys last night
was awesome I really you know didn't
expect a call from that well he didn't
call me I had a dream dad called me
actually really yeah what's up dad
he was like I want the red rice no he
tells me today he wants right rice
maybe guys I had that dreams not a porn
night I texted with dad last night you
saw that was awesome I'm so happy he
didn't send me any more text messages
throughout the night I was hoping I
would wake up the Sun but I didn't know
nothing but anyway guys we're going to
the aisle I said the hotel we're going
to the hospital here pretty soon it's
raining it's miserable it's freezing
let's go get an update on dad
okay you guys leaving the hospital we
have been here all day yeah
they said where you have a meeting
tomorrow so fingers crossed for some
good news that's what that's what I hope
before it was actually a really good day
I'll tell you about like this was a
great day it was it not it's been a
great day guys have you told him the
news
well we hadn't got that's not official
yet anyone say anything yet we're gonna
find that the nurse was a fan that was
cool I so see you know tomorrow we have
a meeting and I apologize if I'm being
loud we're not going to help you I'm
gonna bother anybody
sweat we're hopefully getting good news
tomorrow that's what I'm hoping for
cross the fingers sorry about that you
guys it's kind of hard to vlog in an
elevator when there's tons of people but
guys essentially what happened today is
you know he's very talkative he's still
very mad at me as you saw in the text
messages earlier you know he's but he's
walking a phone that's good he's feeding
himself that's good they're saying to us
that there's a chance that he could be
released and I don't know what I don't
know how official any of that is that
was the good news Bridget was talking
about because it's not official we're
gonna or have a meeting tomorrow so guys
but he's doing so much better he really
is and being angry yes I walked in the
heat as a dad why are you mad I wanna go
home
that's another thing he's like getting
his voice back and he's talking so much
more yeah it's pretty crazy so guys that
is the update for tonight I know what
I'll update you guys as often as I
should it's just kind of hard in the
situation but guys he could be getting
well enough to go home
fingers crossed we should have an answer
for you by tomorrow's vlog I'm you know
I'm hoping guys hope for some good news
we're out of here Lauren tell everybody
good bye good bye everybody Bridget
until next time like soon my life when
we get to the house so Lauren I haven't
even asked you about this yet actually
we're you awake
this morning like when he was texting me
his phone was in my purse well how'd he
get he can't get out of bed don't know
I'm guessing his sweet-talk one of the
nurses we need to see this uh yeah I
know dude I want to see the security
footage that Hadley convinced the nurse
at 3 o'clock in the morning was it what
was it once my purse it was like one
excuse me not three it was yeah trust me
I need this phone they said I can have
it I don't know what happened but he
Sydney this erratic text message you
know it was dad I'm doing what I can
okay you guys and then he blamed me for
not being here like he's a wait you've
been here I'm like bro it's 3:00 in the
morning I'm sitting here like dreaming
you honey
I'll see you in the morning and then
just now we were leaving we're all right
yeah I'm gonna go already like doing a
penny for hours been here since 11
o'clock this morning
so anyway guys that was the good news
we're going home dad you can text me all
you want I don't mind he wants to text
me long give him the phone you
definitely - hey there's a car drive
with a bag of garbage on the roof seeing
this it's just filled with garbage
so are they drive it are they driving to
the dumpster oh that's how we used to do
a bridge I remember that's how we used
to take our garbage to the dump we lived
in the apartment when we lived in the
apartment you guys yeah we can't live in
apartments we have so much garbage we
load up the car and then takers I'm not
walking all the way to a dumpster
although you could make the argument
that we made the walk to the car which
was close to the dumpster yeah so look
at us wait though it was too much
walking we accumulated way too much
trash how do we have so much garbage in
that apartment yeah
yeah we did you have two tribesmen you
got two garbage cans and trash bags
beside it
that's insane dude didn't dad like
sweet-talk those guys and to give him a
second garbage can like I'm saying I'm
like dad how did you get that a tip
because like what that's awesome
he give the gives the garbageman tips
every month so he doesn't have to take
his thing to the street anymore they'll
come and get him like I gotta start
greasing the palms he knows like hey
here's you know 20 bugs take my garbage
we're going home I don't like where this
is headed felix is walking in there and
I see Chucky and police tape and Bella
and quiet and lazy you guys do what you
guys planning something yeah I don't
know where Felix is going but I don't
want to find out so I wanted to end the
vlog on a really good note a really
positive note it's not the most pot look
this is very good news okay I was about
to dilute it and say it's the not the
most positive note but hey it's really
good guys I just got off the phone with
Lauren and the doctor just came in and
told her that they want to look into
possibly moving him to a regular room
either tonight which is crazy or
sometime tomorrow so I'm hoping
tomorrow's vlog can be something with
good news because we could all use it
you guys I was really hoping that this
wouldn't end with you know the same oh
we don't have any news for you because I
always want to have news for you and I
don't and and it's frustrating but guys
if it happens then he will be moving to
a regular room and that's what I'm
hoping happens because if it does what a
triumph when this all went down I didn't
think he would ever leave the ICU I'll
be honest with you guys being totally
straight I didn't want to face it but
you know that day they called us to the
hospital
to say our goodbyes and I said goodbye
to my father and I and you know like I
said I told him that we did a lot of
good stuff together that he's a legend
and that all of his fans are gonna
remember him forever and that was my
goodbye and here we are now talking
about moving him out of the ICU and I
can't believe it guys I really hope this
happens I hope tomorrow just straight-up
starts off with great news that's what I
want
hopefully tomorrow we got great news
guys we're gonna be doing this outro dad
keep fighting dude I know you want out
you send all those text messages you're
angry at me I know I'm sorry I want to
get you out of there - man I love you so
much but Dad
keep fighting fight AGP fight guys tell
grandpa in the comments section below
how much you love them I've been showing
them every day let's do this outro well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching like I said
hopefully tomorrow we have better news
and like not that wasn't good news it
was very good day yeah a really good day
guys very promising I hope I was just
hoping that the ball could end with hey
he's moving to a regular room I was
hoping it would definitely it would be
definite but it might be definite
tomorrow so I'm really happy you guys
like seriously fingers crossed you guys
let grandpa know in the comment section
how much you care about them dad I love
you can't wait to see you in a regular
room then discharged guys thanks for
watching I'm really excited I know I was
seriously this turned around like
shocking person yeah as well 85 well I
can't do a hundred it is a hundred
percent we were expecting like the
absolute I was we were expecting like 0%
guy and so this is great anyway guys
hopefully tomorrow great news ok fine
95% okay I'll give you 80% okay 99
Christian so you can drop it guys thanks
for watching
positive I know Bridget but I don't keep
dancing around it
I just want positivity and I want good
stuff guys mic subscribe guys cross your
fingers for tomorrow
you
