what's going on you guys Kibby on the
camera here and I don't know how many of
you guys saw it but tonight on UFC
Anderson Silva broke his leg when he was
kicking Chris Weidman and Chris checked
it with a knee and his leg snapped now I
wasn't gonna do a video on this I know I
haven't done a video in a few days but
there's just been so much going on you
know family stuff and just work and so I
haven't really done any videos lately
and I wasn't gonna be one about this but
then I saw so many people on Facebook
laughing about what happened to Anderson
Silva you know I saw some jokes
I saw people saying good it should have
happened and you know no it shouldn't No
you know no matter what this guy's
career most likely just ended right in
front of our eyes
and you know it's Horrocks it's hard
enough to watch it it's even harder for
me to you know laugh about it you know
what happened is horrible you know and
it's part of the business and it's
happened before you know we kicked him I
got checked in his leg snapped but you
know that was this guy's livelihood and
you know he's not gonna make any more
money from fighting anymore now mind you
he's you know a Brazilian icon he's
their hero he'll you know he'll bounce
back from this but this guy's got a
rough road ahead of him I don't think
he'll be able to fly home for a while
because you know you can catch blood
clots if you fly after you break bug
that's how chris candido died you know
chris candido broke his ankle he flew
home and he got a blood clot and he died
from it so I don't even know if he's
allowed to go home right now I think he
has to stay in Vegas maybe I'm not sure
so I just wanted to make a quick video
about that you know a lot of people
laughing about what happened to Anderson
Silva when it's really not funny you
know the guy has a really rough road
ahead of him and I know he's never gonna
see this video but I wish Anderson Silva
you know our quick speedy recovery I
really hope that he'll be able to have
at least his final fight just the
farewell Anderson Silva fight I hope
this isn't how it ends for him but if it
is he has a lot to be proud of he's one
of the greatest MMA fighters of all time
Bar None also in the show was Ronda
Rousey versus Miesha Tate which I used
to be really against women fights in the
UFC but man they proved me wrong this
was a hell of a fight
go out of your way to see this shit on
download or YouTube or however you see
it just check out this fight and for the
love of God people have some humanity a
man's career into tonight's stop making
fun of it so that's it like subscribe
favorite and get well soon Anderson
Silva
