what's going on you guys keep an a
camera here we're just here Rijal West
there it is Christmas mrs. Michael Merry
Christmas I gave dad his last night is
it if you saw the video which I'm not
done filming that yet because there's a
second half to Christmas with dad we're
going to go out to eat laughing I'm
opening this from JC he's like wrote
lyrics or something I like though so I
didn't open it yet
uh-huh all right so he wrote lyrics for
System of a Down Chop Suey
huh so what he does is he pulls up the
lyrics on Google and he'll spend a few
hours writing every word so oh my god
grab a brush up on a little makeup hey
let's get the fade away the shake up
why'd you think the Kingdom on the table
you know critter to the fable you wanted
to he said this won't let me cry why
would I cry it might make you cry a
little I don't know why that would work
well thank you JC so we're done opening
up presents yeah hold on
the power my alarm anyway lamb so
Christmas is over and the first thing I
opened well you saw on Campbell was that
and then bridge got me a Heisenberg
shirt and my mom got Michael gasps pills
yeah I'm her mom got me gasps pills you
believe and they're not even like
name-brand big Dollar General gas bills
oh my god Bridget I don't know if you
guys ever smelled this stuff before but
it smells real good yeah hey Laurie nice
hold on okay and bird you got me some
action figures see she talks about how
talk shit about how I play with toys and
it buys them for me well it's Christmas
Mike what he sucked so it's okay for me
to be a kitty Christmastime course went
to these spaces and board games I'm
guessing she's telling me to shave
I got Bridget if you didn't see the
video that I made for my channel that
she stole I got for the Google Nexus 10
her mom got her a fricking gift card
$200 Merry Christmas thanks mom Thank
You Cindy for the gift card that you got
me and we found a present that we forgot
to give to dad we forgot to give it to
him last night we'll give it to him
today
oh my god show the candles music candles
apple-scented make kids lazy
oh the hell is dancer they got lots of
toys for Christmas I know three dog
stockings full toys plus an extra just
for fun and bones so I'm about to call
dad and I think we're gonna go to
Hardee's I'm gonna eat me a cheesy
burger
gonna eat meat yeah in the Passover
