what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here and today I wanted to make a
video about the black-eyed children now
if you don't know the black-eyed
children are an urban legend about these
children what it's an urban legend that
Brigid is terrified of now the urban
legend is sometime in the middle of the
night your doorbell is going to ring and
it's going to be the black-eyed children
and they're going to ask to use your
phone and if you let them in they're
going to take you and they don't know
where they're going to take you now
first of all this is a theory that's
obviously bullshit there's no such thing
as ghosts there's no such thing two
spirits there's no there's not
however Brigette is absolutely terrified
that the black-eyed children are a real
thing so I took it upon myself to try
and scare her a little bit take a look
at this Oh Sherlock yeah can we use your
phone yeah she wasn't too happy about it
but if you read the reports they all
sound the same and that's what makes
everybody so scared of them there's
reports of you know a woman sitting at
home and there's a door knock at the
door and it's a child they keep their
head down and she suddenly starts to
feel totally terrified and it comes over
her that she's that oh my god
something's wrong and the kid lifts up
and his eyes are totally void of
anything just black just nothingness
and the ladies terrified of the child
and she says no and the child incest led
me inside I don't think so
are you scared still as I tell the story
Bridget is in the back getting scared
and if you let the black-eyed children
in hey Bridget I saw something moving
behind me I'm not joking
I'm serious look like you came out the
window
are you in there using the bathroom you
know the toilet papers in the car right
I'm not what can I come in hello come
yeah okay I got Bella involved in this
Bella what do you have Bella's eyes are
black like a black-eyed children-- Bella
what do you have to say about the
black-eyed children-- one down now this
has spawn a couple of sleepless nights
in our house because Bridget can't sleep
because she's afraid of the black-eyed
children-- and I have to get bed with
you because I can't be out here by
myself anymore so she's terrified so
here's what I want you to do if you have
any stories about the black-eyed
children post them in the comments or
send them to Bridget on Facebook so we
can get her terrified no make bread you
believe that the black-eyed stretch out
of God she really is afraid of the black
I hate children
so hey I don't know everything about
them I just know that it's probably a
hoax no it's real people are saying that
it's real whatever Merry Christmas
you know hey maybe Swiss from Hopsin is
a black-eyed child because yes it was
black I know he's not one of on so let's
pull off the black-eyed chilled
no Michael don't search for it and on my
tablet
oh that's Bridgette actually afraid of
head okay I don't want them to know I
know of them I don't them to mess with
me
black-eyed children-- okay I said
black-eyed children and what pulls up is
what's God's children ha ha I did not
say that Google Nexus they have to be
evil right you're not real
so that's a little bit about the
black-eyed children are they real
probably not but maybe they are so
that's it
like subscribe favorite if you have a
story about the black-eyed children post
it let's get Bridget scared and that's
it Merry Christmas I was riding the bus
back home after work it was about 1:00
a.m. I'm a security guard and often work
odd hours so I'm sitting there and this
guy gets on sits across from me he was
wearing a suit had a briefcase regular
looking guy in this 20s was struck me
about him at first was that he was
chewing a cigar not smoking it
you can't smoke on the bus so I was just
looking at him while he stared at the
window and chewed his cigar and all of a
sudden he turned and looked at me his
eyes were pitch black just as you
described
