what's going on you guys keep an eye
camera here same with Grandpa and the
first thing I wanted to talk about is
how many numbers you guys have sent for
Santa calls this year it's unbelievable
how many I've gotten so I made the video
saying the grandpa was gonna be making
some Santa calls this year and I showed
you how many we got
what did you think about that
astronomical there has to be over 1,500
messages people saying to call me call
me call me uh you know so we can't call
everybody that's you know it's an
apology of ours we'd like to but we're
gonna call as many as we can so grandpa
started making some of these calls last
night
yep so grandpa's gonna continue making
Santa calls for a little bit and I want
to show this shirt real quick what is
this you know I got this right oh oh no
you know so he sent me the one I'm
wearing today yeah someone else's to
continue this shit god bless america
except Florida Florida and of course
mine
thanks to Nelson Nelson sent it
silly Nelson sent me this these tits
belong to Bridgette West ooh yeah that's
what the shirt says that it's funny I
like it yes cute so yeah grandpa has
been making Santa calls already I'm
gonna go I gotta come over the list and
you gonna be making more out of mine now
some of these we're gonna be filming I
want to film you make some of these so
my Y are they worth it now young is
worth it so we're gonna continue making
Santa calls we're gonna continue up
until Christmas Eve santa's whole rest
of that day that's just so goddamn
minute gave me the next year doing
yeah I had one person send a follow-up
message they sent him Oh Santa calls and
I didn't respond to it I didn't respond
to anybody who sent the Santa Claus
numbers and about two emails up I get
another one will fuck you then you fat
asshole don't message me so you're not
getting a Santa call because you know
right so anyway like subscribe favorite
that's why I wanted to talk about Santa
calls and all the numbers that we've
gotten and grandpa's already started
making calls and it is going to continue
making calls up until Christmas Eve
