what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and today I wanted to tell
you about a story that I read this
morning and I really got taken aback I'm
talking about Georgia Representative
Jack Kingston saying poor kids should
work for their school lunch so just
cutting straight to the chase
Georgia representative Jack Kingston
just went on record last weekend
saying that kids who cannot afford
school lunch should either pay or sweep
the school floors to pay for their lunch
Kingston then goes on to say that having
the children work for their lunch and
still is a strong worth ethic into the
children first of all there's no excuse
for denying a child food this reminds me
of when Newt Gingrich said that we
should fire unionized janitorial
employees and replace them for children
so they can work for their food it's the
same thing only we're not firing the
janitors so what do you do what the
child doesn't want to work to begin with
what if he says no I'm not going to
sweep the floor does he not get to eat
lunch that day I get that you want to
instill a work ethic and the children
that's why they're going to school
children are going to school so they
could get a job so they can work their
way to college and they're not going to
be able to do that if they're missing
math class so they can sweep the fucking
cafeteria you know it really says a lot
about the person when you're saying that
simply because a child grows up poor and
his parents don't have the money to give
to him to pay for school lunch that he
can either work for it or he doesn't
give it and that's not fair
these children are going to school to
try to make something of their lives a
lot of them are going to drop out do you
really want that number to increase
because you're not feeding them do you
want more kids to drop out of school is
that are you trying to build a weak
nation are you trying to make it so kids
drop out of school so nobody can argue
against the government you know kids
already have it hard enough
they've got school they've got to
continue with these grades they got to
work hard they got to study they got to
come home and they got to clean the
house they got to listen to their
parents and now they're going to worry
about how bad did they sweep the floor
in school today because they may not be
able to eat lunch tomorrow to me this
entire conversation is sick it's
disgusting it shouldn't
something that we should be discussing
as a possibility in America I thought we
were the land of the free now kids can't
even eat lunch in the school that you're
forcing them to go to I posted this on
Facebook and I said is this true is this
really happening and I had a couple of
people say no it's not true
well there's a video clip to back it up
so let's check that out why you know
have the kids paid on a nickel to
instill in them there is in fact no such
thing as a free lunch
or maybe sweep the floor in the
cafeteria yes I understand that would be
an administrative problem and I
understand that it would probably lose
you money but think what we would gain
as a society and getting people getting
good men out of their head that there is
such thing as a free lunch
see he's presenting in a certain way
he's saying oh they should pay a nickel
or a dime well a nickel or a dime isn't
going to do anything so really that's
not what you're after what you're really
after is having kids pay for those
school lunch entirely because there's no
such thing as free lunch god forbid that
a child feel like the school is actually
doing something for him by giving them
something to eat to begin with so when
reached out for a comment a
representative of Kingston had this to
say
it's said that trying to have a
productive conversation about instilling
a strong work ethic into the next
generation of Americans so quickly
devolves into the usual name-calling
partition hysteria well first of all I
didn't call them an ad fuss second this
is about far more than noon calling
Osteria then it is about you having
respect for people as human beings these
are children they're trying to go to
school they're trying to learn they're
trying to make something of their lives
and you're trying to make them do even
more by making them dance for their
dollar by making them sweep the floor so
they can eat and now if you go to Jack
Kingston's official website he has this
big campaign going on stand with Jack
against liberal attacks you see what
Jack's trying to do is he's trying to
spend this little thing he said about
children having to work for their food
and two attacks by the liberal media as
if this whole thing that he said is so
minut that it has to be the liberal
media attack
to even insinuate that what he's saying
is a problem Jack all I'm going to say
in closing to this whole situation is
what I think you're doing is wrong I
think kids have enough to do with school
work and home life and homework and you
know chores and they shouldn't have to
worry about sweeping the school
cafeteria
so they can pay for the lunch that
you're so generously providing for them
so hey if you want to sign Jack's
petition to stand against the liberal
attacks go check it out it's on his
official Facebook page you can find it
there I'm not going to promote the link
cuz I'm not signing it I don't think
anybody should sign it because it's
bullshit so I'm moving on from you jack
but please for God's sakes think about
what you're saying asking children to
work for their school lunch is wrong
pathetic and just I don't know I don't
know the word to say about it it's
stupid the second thing that everybody's
been asking me about is what do I think
about Phil Robertson being fired from
duck dynasty a lot of people are saying
that his civil rights have been violated
that he's lost his ability to have free
speech that he got fired for no reason
and I just want to offer an alternative
opinion to that now I do believe that he
has the right to his own opinion Phil
can think that it's gross for a man to
have sex with another man
he's entitled to that belief it's not
something that I believe it's not
something that a lot of people believe
but it is something that other people
believe lots of people think that it's
wrong and that's okay you're allowed to
believe whatever you want to believe
it's your belief if he wants to say that
he hates gay people and they should
never get married and they're gross and
they're going to burn in hell he's
allowed to say that however he should be
ready to face the consequences that what
happens when you say something like that
in the public eye for instance it's not
so much as a breach of his human rights
by giving his freedom of speech taken
away when he's probably violating a
contract with a and he to begin with you
can bet your ass that somewhere in that
contract it says something about
conducting himself a certain way in
public that he has to
himself because he's representing a
television show on their network now I
didn't see any of the report saying Oh
Phil Robertson said this Phil Robertson
said that everything that said it ties
in the television show duck dynasty
which that brings a negative mark on the
show itself so according to that
contract he has a certain way that he
has to act while he's in public which
means you probably shouldn't insult an
entire demographic of people who were
part of the audience that is signing
your paycheck to begin with did he have
the right to say what he wanted to of
course he did this is America you can
say whatever you want however you can
also be fired for saying that stuff I
present a challenge to all of you
tonight go to work go to your boss and
call him a fucking asshole and let's see
how long you're still employed it's just
like Paula Deen sometimes you should
just be careful with what you say those
are just my opinions on Jack Kingston
and Phil Robertson those are my opinions
you can feel however you want you can
believe that kit should sweep the floors
and you can believe that gay people
can't get married
I believe otherwise I think that some of
that shit is stupid so like subscribe
favorite and thank you guys for watching
it is sad it is sad that trying to have
a productive conversation about
instilling it is it's sad that it's sad
that trying to have a productive
conversation about instilling a strong
worth ethic
it's sad that having us the second thing
that everybody's been asking me about
what do I think about what's-his-name
