what's going on you guys kick me out of
camera here and the first thing I want
to point out is my eyes a lot of people
go oh my god his eyes are glassy and red
pickleboy must be smoking pot actually I
just got out of the shower surprisingly
I just got out of the shower and I
washed my hair and I got soap out of my
eyes and it really burned and it still
burns so one of the messages that I've
been getting from people lately is as
grandpa going to be making Santa calls
this year and the answer is of course
yes grandpa is making Santa calls this
year now if you don't know what Santa
calls our grandpa every Christmas makes
calls to the fans who send in their
phone numbers and he pretends to be
Santa Claus now the reason grandpa
decided to make Santa calls in the first
place is because he had some fans that
had children and they wanted those
children to get a call from Santa I know
grandpa would be the last person that
you think could be Santa but he did it
here's a club that's feet too wide
please yes this is the Santa Claus Santa
Claus
we said God who the fuck he warned to be
motherfucker what fuck you don't funny
just funny Jim hey Jim yeah I'm laughing
at you motherfucker
you shouldn't laugh laugh at you Jeremy
cuz you ain't got no motherfucking life
at all so grandpa does it every year
people send in their phone numbers
grandpa will call a list of them he
can't call them all because he gets
hundreds but he calls a good 30 to 40 of
these people and he pretends to be Santa
sometimes people give him a hard time
now let me stop you right here do not
post your phone number in the comment
section because people are gonna start
calling you if you want grandpa to call
you during Santa calls send me a message
here on youtube with the message Santa
calls imma start opening something I'll
gather a bunch of the numbers and on
Christmas Eve he's gonna call so that's
all I got time for today I just wanted
to make the video because a lot of
people have been asking me is grandpa
gonna be doing Santa calls and of course
he will be we do it every year you know
it's fun
it gets crazy he gets mean so that's it
like subscribe favorite and thanks for
watching
