what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and today I promise to tell
you a story about the time that my life
just sort of crumbled apart and as
promised I'm going to tell it so
currently I have a job as a web
developer for a company and before I was
getting paid for that job I had to end
turn for it I got the job back in 2005
when the company itself was trying to
rebrand itself and they had a posting
saying they needed a new logo and me
being in graphics I decided I would give
it a shot so I made a logo I sent it to
the company and they loved it they used
the logo and they told me they'd like to
bring me aboard of the company however I
had to work for free
for over two years so while I was
working for this company I also had to
get other jobs I worked at Walmart I
worked at Kohl's I worked at Wendy's you
know I did all these other jobs so at
the same time I could be able to pursue
a job with this company so 2007 comes
and it's already been two years
you know I'm exhausted you know just
tired all the time so finally the boss
of the company comes up to me and he
says Michael we have a job for you it
may pay pretty substantial and you'll
really get a chance to show what you can
do
of course I jumped at the opportunity I
was going yeah that's exactly what I
want I really want a job like this where
I can show what exactly I can do for you
guys so I start getting more details and
the company is developing a package for
a Latin singer I can't really go any
further than that it's a female Latin
singer and she was looking for this
whole package for you know videos and
you know graphics and designs and art
and the website and they threw me on as
the web portion of the package and my
portion was going to be $20,000 my boss
tells me it's probably not going to be
$20,000 but it will be more like fifteen
thousand and that was like oh my god
that's so much money so I designed this
badass website for people had to log in
and I had a custom logo and you know
flash music was playing I I went all out
and this thing
turned out so amazing and then it
happened it turned out there was another
part of the deal that she just did not
like and they couldn't find a way to you
know continue the job if she didn't
approve of this one part of the job
which meant all of it was gone
which meant I was not getting $15,000
now the problem with not getting the
$15,000 is it was already spoken for you
know I spent the money before I had it I
was telling that all I'm gonna give you
$4,000 so you know you can go get you a
new van I told mom I'm gonna go get her
some tickets to Graceland I was gonna
buy myself new clothes you know I was
going to get myself an Xbox 360 because
at the time I couldn't afford it because
I was working for free and I didn't get
the job and I didn't get the money and I
was left as broke as I was before if not
broke her because I was already lifted
so high and then just crash to the
ground I still remember when I got the
call my boss calls me and he says you
know Michael I don't know how to tell
you this the job fell apart and the
whole room was spinning for me I was
just going
uh-huh yeah okay and I hung up and I
looked at dad and I was trying so hard
to hold back tears and I just said I'm
not gonna get that job and I go to the
room and I just start crying and it's
serious crying and I'm just there's very
few times in my life that I cried as
much as I did that day because it had
been two weeks of me spilling my heart
into this website and logos and reaching
out for people for animations and doing
everything that I could I hustled my way
to get everything that I could get for
this website to look so good to be
amazing and then it didn't happen and I
didn't get money and granted my boss
really tried you know he was talking to
them hey what about we just do the
website you know let the kid get some
money because at this point he felt bad
that I was still interning but it didn't
work
I was so deflated so I'm in the room
crying and dad comes in dad walks in in
no question
is no speaking he just grabs me and he's
holding me and I'm crying and dads and
heads arms and it's so crazy to tell the
story cuz you know seeing dad on the
videos you wouldn't think that he has
this side of him but he does I'm crying
and he just holds me I'm nobody I know I
know so dad was there for me and he was
hugging me and he was telling me
everything was going to be okay and it
was the only other time he's done that
since you know I got into a breakup you
know two years before and I was in the
bedroom crying because I'd been with the
girl for two years and I was heartbroken
and he starts telling me stories about
his disappointment and he starts telling
me that it gets better and at the time I
was like it doesn't it's not going to
get any better for me dude this was
$15,000 and I lost it and I promised you
this and he goes it don't matter but
there was a light at the end of the
tunnel I just didn't see it yet about
two weeks later my boss calls me and he
tells me hey I'm really sorry that that
happened we're gonna start putting you
on the payroll and that was music to my
ears after two years of busting my ass
doing this and that and this and that
and this and that for free I'm finally
gonna start getting paid for what I
really enjoy doing and he gave me a
salary price well this worked for you
will this get your pops of money and it
was a lot of money and I said yeah it
really will this is exactly what I
needed and I got it and I still have the
job today
it you know I've worked for this one
company since 2005 and I'm really
grateful that they gave me a shot
because without having this company to
rely on to pay me I would have had to
gone out and get another job at Walmart
I wouldn't have had the free time to
stay home and film and I wouldn't have
had the time to do angry grandpa so it's
because I had the freedom working for
this company that I currently still work
for that angry grandpa's even alive
today hardship happened I was so
deflated
I felt like life was over but it took a
couple of weeks and life was back on top
for me again and then you know later on
that year in December I filmed the first
angular grandpa video and it Hawk you
know kept going for
there so that's it that's the story like
subscribe favorite I tried not to get
emotional it was only for a minute I
cleared past it thank you guys for
sitting through it and I appreciate it
