what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and today I decided to do a
frequently asked questions video this
will be the top 5 questions that you
guys ask me all the time got a piece on
the street it's loading up on the seat
if it feels like a kids on your cheek
when they hear you scream once you beat
baby see magnet up here I wanna keep he
was sleep in the closet up jumping so
the first question that I get all the
time is angry grandpa really this angry
and the answer to your question is yes
of course he is I don't know if you've
heard the stories that I told while
growing up but this guy was an asshole
he had a drinking problem he had an
anger problem he had a money spending
problem and it was actually pretty cool
to grow up into did I grow up as poor
white trash of course I did am I still
poor white trash of course I am I'm
still a piece of trash
I'll always be a piece of trash dad's
just always been angry over little
things that have always just kind of
irked him mind you he's not officially
diagnosed with anything it's a theory
that he has bipolar disorder we don't
know for sure he has not been diagnosed
by a doctor but maybe he has bipolar
disorder so to answer that question yeah
angry grandpa is really that angry the
next question that I get all the time
why did I decide to start filming that
in the first place well the story starts
off with the very first video I ever
filmed grandpa ruins Christmas and then
grandpa ruins Christmas dad shows up to
Christmas with his grandchildren a
little too late they've already opened
up presents with Adam he loses his shit
and I filmed it now I decided to put
this video on the internet so I can show
my sister in New York who had not seen
any of dads epic freak outs in a long
time so I uploaded the video on
break.com so my sister could see it the
next day it had over a million views
because break.com decided to put it on
the main page and that's where it
happened when I saw the people actually
wanted to see this stuff I said okay I'm
gonna start filming it and I did and the
rest is history so that's why I decided
to start filming grandpa in the first
place because I happen to film while he
freaked out put it online and it got a
lot of attention the next question I get
it where did I meet Bridget now I've
already answered this question on video
before but I'm gonna do it again because
I get it
all the times though I met Bridget
through myspace.com I had just gotten in
a breakup with a girlfriend I decided to
look for new people to talk to so I was
going through people in my area and I
was just adding everybody and Bridget
happened to be the first person to
accept and write me we started talking
we started talking on the phone we
started to get to know each other we had
our first date we went to the movies and
then IHOP and I made a pig out of myself
and I ate freaking pancakes and sausage
and I have no shame it was the first
date most people like ah man let's just
go easy not meals you think about the
movie Bridget oh so that's where I met
Bridget on a little site called myspace
calm which may or may not exist anymore
I don't know we're on the final two
questions that I get the most often the
number two questions that I get the most
what is my favorite video my favorite
video is one that I named angry grandpa
bad payday now an angry grandpa bad
payday angry grandpa gets pissed off
because mom spent her paycheck money on
Elvis when the light bills do this
videos got some of my favorite quotes in
the history of anything we've ever done
yeah we caught in a trap and we can walk
out let's just take a look at a club did
you look at this motherfucker through
the due date look at the motherfucking
do that inna cut money you're gonna
watch your cock death with with no
lights and that no Comcast I was just
looking huh oh my gosh
what does it do that way I look
since $27 you buck done evolved okay
Tina yeah we're like Elvis that he we
caught the fucking trap we can't walk
out so that is my favorite anger grandpa
video I remember filming that video and
I was crying behind the camera I was
just I couldn't hold him head anymore
and I remember when I stopped filming
that video I was crying so much that dad
started screaming at me weird the photo
goddamn funny we got no knives that was
around the time that I started finally
getting paid for the job that I was
interning for which I had done for a
couple of years so I used my first
paycheck with the company to pay those
lights so to answer that question that
is one of my favorite anger grandpa
videos bad payday and finally the
question that I get asked the most often
why does grandpa
call me pickle boy surprisingly that's
the question that I get all the time and
the answer is in a video I got it I got
it
yay amen amen I got it pickle boy pickle
boy ha ha guy
that is the moment that is the epic
moment that grandpa decided to call me
pickle boy and you guys followed the
nickname would have never stuck if the
fans watching the videos at the time
wouldn't have been calling me pickle boy
in every comment and every Facebook post
and on Twitter and everywhere you guys
carried the name pickle boy and that's
why I'm still called pickle boy today if
you want to check out that video the
link is also below so I hope I at least
answer some of your questions at least 5
of them if you didn't know there you go
if you did know just watch anyway so
that's it like subscribe favorite I want
to thank all you guys for you know
really watching my videos lately it's
been you know I've been really
appreciating all the support I've been
getting you guys have been liking and
sharing the videos like I even I didn't
expect it's a little overwhelming I
greatly appreciate it and even if this
is one you guys dislike dislike dislike
dislike
normally I appreciate the last couple of
videos were you liked it up and you
shared it I really appreciated it you
know it meant a lot so thank you guys
I'm going to be back tomorrow and I'm
going to tell a story about the time
that I finally got taken off of you know
interning at the job that I currently
still work at today and finally started
getting paid after a huge upset that I
had at the workplace and grandpa was
there to support me so I'm going to tell
you about that tomorrow it's a little
emotional I'm going to warn you now I
don't think I'll cry but it is a sad
video for me to remember because it's
one of those times where I was at the
bottom and I just really didn't think I
was going to pick myself back up so like
subscribe favorite and thanks for
watching
