what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and if you happen to check
or if you haven't noticed yet you'll
notice that the Walmart video that I put
up last night is gone the video where I
told the story about the guy who got
kicked out of Walmart and banned and all
this stuff now to make a long story
short the reason that I removed the
video is because my friend Isaac who
does the radio show with me started
doing some digging and asking questions
and it turned out the guy might not have
been truthful about what he was saying
to begin with I don't know if what he's
saying is true or not he could be
telling the truth he could have been
banned from Walmart so I was talking to
the guy on Facebook and he's questioning
me why Isaac is questioning him because
Isaac had questions the guy didn't have
answers for the questions I'm telling
the guy I believe his story I did I
genuinely did believe everything that he
was telling me but he was showing me
this side to him that I wasn't
understanding because I just finished
telling him I believe you I did a video
about you I told everybody to sign your
petition trust me I trust you and the
guy was getting so angry and I'm
questioning I'm going well if he gets
this angry over something so little here
what did he do at Walmart so he starts
laying out these cryptic little messages
telling me oh if you remove the video
I'm going to explain why and I'm gonna
show messages that Isaac said of you
where you said the n-word and you're
saying this and yours so he's trying to
defame me he's trying to tell me that if
I remove the video he's gonna do this
and that and this and that to me well I
remove the video so then he posts on his
Facebook page that I made the video to
get views well if I made the video to
get views I wouldn't have removed it to
begin with the reason I did the video is
because I knew you personally you had
talked to me in the past and I believed
your story I thought that maybe you had
actually been abused in Walmart but the
way you conduct yourself afterwards by
telling lies on Facebook makes us
believe that maybe you did show your ass
in line at Walmart and maybe you did
deserve to be banned to begin with if
you guys want to know what Isaac came
across listen to the radio show tonight
it comes on at 9 o'clock or it starts at
9 o'clock on BlogTalkRadio shut the fuck
up and listen the link is below like I
said I don't know if what he's saying is
true or not maybe Joe is a victim from
Walmart or maybe Walmart's a victim from
Joe I don't know what happened all I
know is I had to remove the video
because I was not sure so that's what
happened that's why I removed the video
the whole idea that I would have made it
to get views to begin with and then
deleted it is just insane so anyway like
subscribe favorite and that's why I
deleted the Walmart video because most
likely it was all bullshit and I said
bullshit and for that I apologize to all
of you I didn't mean to make you sign a
petition unknowingly you know without
being truthful about the facts because
at the time I believe they were but I've
rectified it by removing it I apologize
to you guys I wish that you guys could
unsigned the petition if you want to but
I don't think you can so anyway I
apologize to you guys that's it
