what's going on you guys keep you on a
camera here and you know today I was
going through some of the messages that
I get on YouTube and Facebook you know I
get a lot so I try to read as many as I
can and eventually I'll start stacking
up on me
so today I was gonna start going through
it and I saw a lot of hate mail so I
thought what better way to respond to
some of this than on video so here we go
hate mail
so message number one hey fat-ass
stop showing yourself eat on camera no
one wants to see that you nasty fat fuck
well thank you for that Nathan that
message was sent to me on Facebook and
he's right I'm sure nobody wants to see
me eating on camera well thanks for the
message made them push the tropical
flora pie eat it up there I'm at right
know what to finish get good way so my
apologies Nathan I don't mean to eat on
camera purposely to annoy you that I can
assure you I'm not doing it specifically
to target you to watch me eating on
webcam or video camera I just do because
I'm a fatass here's one that I get a lot
the next message
get off YouTube and get a job I have a
job I have a job outside to YouTube to
finally answer you guys you know people
ask me always you got a job where do you
work
why would I tell you guys publicly who
or where I work for when you're just
going to call it and try to get me fired
with all the hate that I give with all
the you know the calm heads that other
stuff I wouldn't feel comfortable saying
exactly who or where I work on camera so
to answer your question if that was a
question no I won't get up YouTube and
yes I have a job so we're all good the
next message comes to us from YouTube
and it says hey Michael go fuck yourself
fatty like I can't first of all I can't
do it on video because YouTube has all
kinds of you know settings and and you
know violations and I can't you know do
that on cam and I don't do it in private
I probably should have said that at
first I'm just not in the business of
getting you off that's just not what I
do I'm not interested in making my
videos - such a way that they turn
people on and I know that's what you're
after but that's not what I'm trying to
do for you here so if you're looking to
watch videos and get turned on one find
another Channel
watch Fat Boy get down instead of
playing xbox do exercise no and I play
ps4 let's go get coconut out of my mouth
from that first question okay the next
one you're so full of shit man
all you do is eat and lay on your fat
ass doing nothing I hate you please kill
yourself admittedly it's not the first
time somebody told me to kill myself
so you're not so original in that
perspective and it's not that I do
nothing because these videos are a lot
of work but anyway I do sit on my ass
and I am getting fatter but I'm not
gonna kill myself for you sorry why do
you look so much like a lesbo I guess I
new kind of got the Chaz Bono thing
going huh I mean I wasn't aware that I
looked like a lesbo but I do I guess
I've heard it before so I don't know I
was just blessed with the lesbian look
okay the next one I will kill you I had
to do that cuz he put a little smiley
face at the end there I will kill you I
guess that was supposed to terrify me
look I'm gonna read the message
reporting him where we live is public
information if you want to kill me at
least buy me a sub from the substation
first do I really annoy somebody so much
that they want to kill me they want to
physically end my life and then a smiley
face after it don't worry I've gotten it
before you won't be the last
I just decided to read this one on video
I'll kill you okay this one's hate
fueled god damn you're disgusting but
that's stating the obvious
you fat blimp you're the reason why
there's an obesity problem in America
I'll laugh if you roll over and die in
grandpa outlives you first of all I'm
the reason that there's an obesity
problem in America me specifically I
don't know if I should take pride in
that
not so me specifically kid behind a
camera is responsible for the epidemic
that is obesity in America and I guess I
am sort of disgusting you did say the
obvious there so why would you state it
to begin with
now most of these messages when they get
sent to me they're shrouded in mystery
somebody like hey pickle boy read this
but this one was telling me that it was
a hate message before I even opened it
well let's read the title of this one
you are a fat stinky lump of shit and so
is Bridget now this is the kind of
message that when you get you're like
okay this is gonna be talking it's a
little bit of shit about me first things
first I'm going to apply this side
because you put a lot of effort into
this letter it's long your largest is an
insult to the deities of every faith you
were an ugly fat shit lump how the hell
did you end up with such a cushy job as
a webmaster what the fuck I T or even
Photoshop slash Dreamweaver training do
you have you sit there with your man
tits and back tits all day farting and
eating and murdering your arteries with
fried cheese you probably enjoy whenever
you spill liquid cheese or jelly
doughnuts on your fat nasty Pig a body
that way you can let it fester rot and
eventually be evaporated by your skin
maybe you take bets with yourself in
which belly it's going to end up under
your stink is the Lord of a thousand
nations you fat ugly asshole your house
should catch fire and you fat turd bag
then you eat yourself roasting like
bacon Q lard ass you deserve to have
your fat ugly face beating them I would
imagine your blood contains more fat
than it does actual hemoglobin liquid
lard
I'd love to punch your fat face up one
second he's fucking the cream out your
nasty fat ass cheeks must look like a
rotten pair of lard bags stuffed with
rotten mashed potatoes you are the
reason people hate America by the way
lol lll exclamation point next nice
exploit exclamation point alright
there fat turd you be sure to enjoy your
deep-fried chocolate cheese corn dog
cake you fat smelly shit lump
I don't think he likes you how many
maybe right someone tells me I have a
sneaking suspicion that this guy has a
problem with me and it's personal
hey I know okay so let's just start off
with the title of the message again he
says Jesus Christ was long he spent a
lot of time writing this you were a fat
stinky lump of shit and so is Bridget
look I'm sorry
how do you like me you didn't like
either one of us well I'm sad I really
want to be his friend I apologize I'm so
sorry I'm very sorry that I'm so smelly
and fat and I mean I don't know what to
tell you I don't have any training an IT
or Photoshop I tried I taught myself
everything I'm the man yeah I do fart
all day I do him and murder my arteries
with fried cheese he's got me
no not fried she actually I don't like
fried cheese I like baked cheese lots of
baked cheese yeah um you know we do fry
a little too much maybe that's that I'm
not gonna stop frying because of this
email I'm not either I love fried
chicken you probably should be saying
these things your stink is the Lord of a
thousand nations that's a well thought
out sentence then my stink is the lord
of a thousand nations do you realize how
smelly that makes me
I know you guys tell me this isn't
cologne and I know that but now I smell
like the lure of a thousand nations
sprayed with Cologne our body spray you
are the reason people hate America wow
this is like the comment I got earlier
that said I am the problem with obesity
in America I'm the reason so if I'm the
reason people hate America I apologize
mr. president I apologize other nations
of the world for being the sole reason
that people hate our country it's
because of me
and I deeply apologize has nothing to do
with Wars and healthcare and I'm the
sole reason I'm tasting the body spray
that whoa yeah me too I might have that
heart attack like the guy was asking for
right here on camera huh so anyway
that's some of the hate messaging that I
get obviously I didn't respond to all of
you I just sort of cherry picked on
which ones I think would be the best to
choose on this video and that's it
that's my hate message for number one
Thank You Bridget for life
subscribe subscribe to me Bridget class
there's a big hunk of baked macaroni and
cheese that's so good but like he says
he ain't the same unless his best bring
on my skin I gotta bathe in this shit
now I'll eat this off my arms when it
starts to become skin later
so anyway like subscribe favorite and
keep hating subscribe to me on Facebook
it's on my YouTube
