to make everybody laugh I starts working
on the elevator the idea was for Doug to
think that I'm gonna snap the wires in
the elevators gonna go crashing down
because Doug's like don't you don't you
jump on this elevator so I decide to
twerk now while I'm twerking the
elevator door opens and a family of like
15 people are watching me like whoa
what's the one on you guys kid behind
the camera here Brigitte West not here
she's asleep guys today what is today
give me a second I keep losing track
today is Wednesday and number one before
I say anything else if you can't tell
I'm a swifty huh I'm part of the Taylor
Swift reputation club guys this is a
hoodie I'm wearing it I love Taylor
Swift and I'm not afraid to talk about
it guys today is Wednesday and before we
do anything else I just wanted to give
you guys a quick update on dad you know
at the end of yesterday's vlog you know
we were telling you that we have to
regulate his blood pressure and that we
still have to do his blood pressure is
still you know really sporadic and
wobbly and all that you know it's really
up and down he's getting upset at me
because he's still there he told me damn
it
I want to go home but the hospital can't
even legally let grandpa leave while
there's blood pressure are so crazy
because if it drops his organs will
start shutting down and that's what's
like keeping him in the hospital right
now but he is totally coherent you guys
he has been totally talking to us and
he's been eating and then we've had
great days and that I'm very grateful
for so that's the update on dad you guys
people are getting mad at me
they're like tweeting me like total hate
like I hate you like literally the words
I hate you they're telling me because
I'm not giving enough updates on dad and
I'm trying you guys but like I'm sitting
you know beside his bed all day and I
watch him sleep or we'll talk a little
bit and in those moments where we're
talking I'm not gonna be on my phone or
even when I'm watching him because for
one I feel like it's disrespectful
number two I don't want him to think
that I'm gonna take a picture of him if
he opens his eyes I don't want them to
have that idea so guys whoa Shh too
early Michael okay I'm not drinking it's
just too early guys
that's what's going on dad is in the
process of rebuilding you know
the anger the attitude I don't know what
he's rebuilding that but we're getting
closer to being able to show him on
camera and that I'm very fortunate about
you know when I went there that day I
didn't know if I would ever have that
opportunity again
so very grateful for that dad you got to
get better soon okay you got to and you
gotta you know you're gonna you're gonna
get better soon guys in a few minutes
I'm gonna tell you how you can make
Bridget really bad and it's very easy
all you gotta do is send a tweet I just
realized when I did the intro I showed
right here to prove that I was a swifty
the symbols here it's they showed the
wrong area okay I was a gamble swifty
all you see is nothing like see ya
it was here I'm a swifty guys you wanna
hear how to make Bridget man Wow
oh you're not gonna like this guy's
twitter has updated the like whole
platform to two hundred and eighty
characters and Bridget hates it she
hates it everybody's posting like dot
dot dot dot dot okay okay okay okay
loser loser loser loser loser you suck
you suck okay they're tweeting
everything in two hundred and eighty
characters and she's like it's too long
to swipe through guys
sin bridge in a tweet Bridget West use
two hundred and eighty characters and
totally obliterate her world she is
gonna hate it
delete Twitter know you not gonna delete
it
send her 280 characters of pure whatever
you can be happy I wonder okay you can't
send 280 characters of photos but you
can't emojis like guys you can fit okay
you could make her bad this will make me
happy I need a way to cheer up I've been
you know in a total downward spiral of
depression lately guys send her 280
characters ruin her life send me a
picture of your dogs okay send a picture
of your dogs
but add a lot of period
do a lot of periods so she has to scroll
through a lot of periods just to see the
picture that's ruined Bridget's world
make me happy
love you guys let's keep this ball going
fellas got a guilty look on her face and
I don't know why well what happened what
you did oh no what did you do Grodd no
you look guilty about song whoa no quite
fine no no why are you guilty hey that's
my Nintendo so Finch how did you get
this no you can't have this dude how did
you get this fella no wonder you look so
guilty you tried to steal my Nintendo
switch my dogs are giving to smart I had
that Nintendo switch like I don't know
maybe it's Felix because Felix has a
tendency to find things and push them
off for the other dogs to get I have a
feeling Felix pushed my mitts in to
switch I had it right over there
Felix do you like it here
because I can't get rid of your prints
will have my head but seriously chill
feelings why do you think I'm filming
you is it cute this is every day lately
oh yeah guys we're on our way to the
hospital if you've been wondering how I
beginning the vlogs I want to show you
guys today it's rendering right now yes
we've got Wi-Fi in the car so that's how
we're gonna upload it in the parking lot
at the hospital but for now here's what
I'm doing so sit you right there buddy
buckle you in I love you know you know I
love you you did I would have had
was on you Michael just joking I don't
want that
alright give me this there it is folks
strap all the computer in I got a
rendering now we go to the hospital I
love you love you too I knew she was
wait no I love you okay yeah guys this
is how we've been uploading these vlogs
okay this is why there hasn't been that
much to begin with because I'm rendering
it in a car in the hospital parking lot
but anyway guys let's get there this
hospital really hoping for some good
news today you guys I don't want to
press anybody watching the vlogs and try
to keep people happy and you know
expectations like managed I guess I
gotta manage my own expectations how you
doing back there
you still rendering why when was the
last time was showered any Cologne
just got to the hospital you guys one
thing that I hate about this hospital is
the parking situations look at this dude
it was so far away that it was boring
okay like seriously this thing has like
depth of field it's too far away to even
focus on it so guys we're going to the
hospital right now we're gonna see dad
hoping for some good news today it's all
we wanted some good news dad coming to
see you hopefully he's eating and
talking yesterday he was good even
though the news wasn't but anyway let's
get to this hospital and guys like I
said as we're walking we're to get any
closer seriously it's so far away and
it's like you feel like we're so far
away from the hospital that like I've
got to leave a trail of breadcrumbs
yeah we've been walking for like an hour
guys guys I know it's only been like 10
seconds but you got to see how much
y'all recovered
dude we are right at the hospital now
yeah I tricked the camera look I didn't
walk that fast
you good just kidding guys I wish it was
right back my man is posting the vlog
first I got a review it oh my gosh
geez guys every like vlog that I upload
how I watch first yeah I think that's
the whole thing
every time I upload a vlog I want to
watch it to make sure there's no spots
were like oh this sucks
deleted on my golf cart boring Billy did
I try to make vlogs that I find
entertaining yes I guess these can't be
that interchange married situations like
this but usually I gotta watch them so
right now I am in the back of the car
reviewing the vlog that you saw
yesterday I love that part I know that
was awesome she's extremely tell her
face when I said sexy I love cycling
people out you guys anytime it's
somebody's birthday were like you know
leave his bridges birthday I'll find
whoever else's birthday it is yeah
you're a siren
yeah I've done that one but you know you
know don't break my heart my Achy Breaky
Heart happy birthday to Billy Ray sighs
she might blow up and kill this man
so anyway this is what I'm doing so
we'll be right back
just watch the vlog you guys I was gonna
say I liked it it's actually pretty you
know sad at points but anyway that's not
important
just watch the vlog it's going up in
just a second I gotta wait till at least
three o'clock right now it's 256 so I'll
just make it public I got grandpa
chicken salad sandwich and he's eating
today
all right he's eating hold on are you
guys I just watched it it's all good now
it's time to go public here we go
so wherever you were when this
notification came in this is where I was
all right publish here we go
vlog is now public everybody that is
basically all that takes right there
name of a vlogs use the thumbnail put
all the description and there we go the
vlog is public everyone let's go back
are you guys we're leaving right now
there's not much of an update there is a
slight update you know one of the
biggest hiccups and this whole thing was
regulating his blood pressure and he
hasn't been on the blood pressure
medicine in a few hours about five hours
yeah and the blood pressure is going up
it's going up guys it's over that's very
good that's very very good that's great
news so that's the thank you know very
helpful that's the first update the
blood pressures going up things are
looking good promising you know fingers
crossed that we keep fighting this thing
you guys cuz you know we feel like all
the support and all the stuff is really
really helping regulating that blood
pressure is the most important thing and
we're doing it right now we're on our
way to grandpa's favorite sub restaurant
it's called Larry's giant subs
he loves it dad we're going there uh I
do want to talk about how much I
embarrassed myself in the elevator yeah
that was so funny oh my god I was almost
in tears guys it's really late so I
thought we were the only ones on that
are gonna be on this elevator so to make
everybody laugh
I starts working on the elevator the
idea was for Doug to think that I'm
gonna snap the wires in the elevators
gonna go crashing down because Doug's
like don't you don't you jump on this
elevator so I decide to twerk now while
I'm twerking the elevator door opens and
a family of like 15 people are watching
me like whoa and I'm twerking like guys
I'm like yeah he was behind they were
behind a camera yeah this is what
happened guys I'm like hey Bridget
Bridget was laughing it was so funny I
love when you twerk babe it's so cute it
is what it is guys we're getting some
sub sandwiches I embarrass myself oh my
I dare to eat it
you're crazy that was you watch a burn
of Malkovich and they don't need drink
so guys we're here and Larry's Giants up
this is dad's favorite place leave the
sandwich oh man I see it for me like
hold on am i disrespecting substation by
saying that this grandpa's favorite
place I mean I love ya this is jeiza
what spicy mustard bacon like this thing
double toasted bun here we go
how is it so good how's your mouth I'm
funny how is yours
great what did you get what's called me
or a special Oh
don't know what kind of meters it looks
like roast beef and ham that's not a
good sign
I don't know what this is you're special
sewer rat you know you have not eaten
sewer rap it wasn't surprised me
you've eaten sewer rat why
and what you've just bored and why are
you hungry
it was served as a delicacy in LA no way
Eenie the google this right now
anybody else won't be asking a big pile
of it Oh guys welcome to conversation um
that's true do they sewer rat has a
telephone no way yeah I know right
there's just no way maybe on Skid Row
California Atlanta
well that's gonna be up for today you
guys thanks for watching like I was
saying earlier no update really just the
positive news that his blood pressure
actually is stabilizing as of right now
it actually still is stabilizing so you
know fingers crossed it's like a major
progress guy that's that was one of the
biggest things yeah it's the biggest
thing so dad you know keep fighting like
this and hopefully you'll be home in no
time
guys thanks for watching went to the
hospital went to grandpa's favorite sub
place dug Lydon City sewer rat I hope it
was alive because I know afterwards he
was sitting out he was like what are you
guys he shaved the tail squirrel we all
know it's a rat
no there are two different things I
think squirrels are cleaner and cuter
well I don't know about that
I mean I the way you guys getting out of
here thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite everything but to us
I met only guys so much
no way I love you guys play more
