what's going on you guys gibiatti camera
here and the first thing that I want to
say is this is a wrestling vlog so if
you want to go ahead and click dislike
and watch something else go ahead get
that out of the way now and if you want
to hear me talk about wrestling continue
to watch now I've had a lot of people
writing me asking me what I think about
the current state of professional
wrestling because it's been a while
since I've done any wrestling videos and
people have been wondering what do I
feel about what's happening yeah this
shirts got a stain on it I've been
wearing it for a couple of days you know
I'm not really sure how I feel about the
current state of professional wrestling
to be totally honest with you on one
hand you have raw last week that ended
so good raw last week was just amazing
at the end there with John Cena and
Randy Orton and you know triple it just
all you know gel together so good and
flawlessly on the other hand the past
couple weeks before it had just been
unwatchable bad it's just really hard to
sit through a full edition of Monday
Night Raw but I'm going then that's why
I watch it on DVR so I'm sad okay if
this sucks
facts forward it's just ridiculous to
sit for sometimes there's only a couple
of things happening in the WWE right now
that piqued my interest
the first being Paul Heyman and his
absence from Monday Night Raw has been
overwhelmingly evident on the program
it's like with Paul Heyman you go oh
yeah that Paul Heyman segment was
awesome now without Paul Heyman you're
like I don't know what was good on Raw
you still got CM Punk who is the best in
the world
you've got Daniel Bryan who is the
second best in the world and how we
don't have those two feuding right now
is just beyond me there's a lot of stuff
I would like to see I'd love to see you
know Dean Ambrose and CM Punk go on an
actual feud not this shield versus CM
Punk situation I'd love to see Seth
Rollins and Daniel Bryan just kill it on
pay-per-view you know I'd love to see
you know Antonio Cesaro branch off onto
his own and really starting to become
the main event superstar that he can
because Antonio
Xaro is just amazing I think dub w/e has
fucking not Bray Wyatt I'm not saying I
dislike what Bray Wyatt's doing I'm
saying that he's not doing as much as he
can do when they bring Bray Wyatt
debuted he should have just went
straight for the top dude because that
guy is amazing on the microphone he's
amazing in the ring and his character
just draws you in then you have TNA who
are struggling to survive and I'm not
like these other people like my dad even
who say oh the GUP of doom till you they
need the fucking clothes because I don't
think that I think TNA has a lot of
potential T an amazing roster and they
just don't know what to do with it you
know you had Hulk Hogan runnin shit and
you have these old guys like sting and
mr. Anderson who hasn't changed his
character and so long that you're
wondering what he's doing in the first
place in the company still and you're
wondering why these guys are being
pushed instead of these guys sometimes
team a has such good wrestling you know
a couple of weeks ago on the
Thanksgiving edition they had this you
know traditional Survivor Series style
match with you know Robert Roode and
Kurt Angle was in it and you know I
think her Sabin was in it and it was a
great match I was like wow this is team
a but the rest of the show in terms of
story was so bad that I didn't want to
sit through it it was horrible
now when I'm a really big fan of and I
think you know it's the future of what
this business actually is and I don't
mean the professional wrestling business
I just mean the fighting industry is the
UFC
now the UFC has been head-over-heels
better than the WWE and obviously to you
know didn't even have to say that UFC
has been better than professional
wrestling for so many years if you're
not a fan of the UFC I invite you to
watch two matches from the past couple
of months
the first being from a couple of days
ago being Bigfoot Silva vs Mark Hunt now
I invite you to watch that match first
of all it's a heavyweight slugfest that
just fucking goes crazy for the entire
fight and the second being Diego Sanchez
versus Gilbert Melendez and what
I may consider to be one of the greatest
UFC fights of all time it was just
fucking incredible
and seriously I invite you guys to check
that out now like you need my invitation
just check it out if you want to see
what UFC is all about check out those
fights so you can really you know
understand UFC and just enjoy some
seriously good fights we just got the
big announcement you know that
WrestleMania 31 is going to be the most
interactive WrestleMania in history and
seriously that does not entice me at all
that sounds like taboo Tuesday Cyber
Sunday the Monday night shit with the
app that I don't even use we still don't
have an answer on the WWE Network nobody
knows what the hell is happening with
that and you got guys like Daniel Bryan
and CM Punk who be pushed aside for guys
like John Cena and guys like you know
Randy Orton who really you know have
served their time at the Denver WV now
I'm not gonna be like everybody else and
say John Cena sucks I'm gonna be the
first
CM Punk for him to say John Cena does
not suck I actually like John Cena I
know a lot of people are going to
blasphemy that's just horrible to think
John Cena does not suck John Cena has
given his entire life for this company
John Cena doesn't have a personal life
anymore because he's doing signings and
he wrestles every night and he's in the
main event and he does this make-a-wish
stuff John Cena is somebody but you
should admire and professional wrestling
because there are very few people in
that company who would give that much to
it is this gimmick a little stale of
course it is I'm fully expecting
something like you know John Cena
standing in the middle of the ring after
TLC holding both belts going you know
Randy Orton I didn't have no respect for
you when I walked into this match but I
stepped into that ring with you another
time another fight and I took each step
up that ladder but with every step I
took on that ladder
you made sure that I hobbled down but
tell you right now that I didn't humble
enough because I've rise to the top I
grab the title good chap or maybe not
maybe Triple H will have the titles who
knows this is the WWE and it's fully
predictable so you've got these young
guys being pushed aside you know the
future of the company aren't being
looked at as potential main event stars
you know you got the same guys
headlining shows so how do I feel about
the current state of professional
wrestling
the same as I did last year it's just
something I watch on Monday night that's
it that's the only thing I think about
it anymore I don't think it's this
dynamic amazing thing that I have to see
like I used to think during the Attitude
Era I don't think it's must-see TV
anymore because I watch UFC over any day
I'll watch Arrested Development over at
any day but it's still entertaining
enough to get me to watch on Monday
nights not Friday nights sometimes on
Thursday nights but Monday night i watch
every week whether the current state of
professional wrestling is horrible you
know unwatchable I don't know I watch it
it's watchable at least to me but I
don't think it's anywhere near as good
as it could be as proven by Monday night
because I don't think we'll have
anything back good for a while in the
meantime let's check out the shirt I'm
wearing huh fuck me this to lower come
on you piece of crap this is the problem
with using one of these tripods the cult
of punk that's the shirt I'm wearing I
got it from this website you can check
it out below it's actually pretty
awesome shirt I got it for Black Friday
so anyway that's it that's what I think
about the current state of professional
wrestling like subscribe favorite and
yes the walls are purple
