come on come in can I come in
so what the hell did you do that for
what did I do
yeah it was fine I won't make fun of it
I overreacted okay it was me
I just wow
I'm gonna call this video grandpa takes
responsibility that never happened
before I don't think I've treated here
don't say that I can't afford one then
I'll get one so dad calls me he made
some tree or something I said it was too
little I didn't even say it was too
little I did not say that I said okay I
came to terms you said that's all you
can afford which and that time you
should have come to me so I guess I said
it looked better without garland you
flipped out now look better in a corner
without nothing
so Christmas over huh this Christmas is
over then and maybe I can find a point
set up something put out a poinsettia
you have two boys to have it printed
under there's a little tiny plant yeah
go see well ready
you can put them all over the grave to
come here you're joking right now right
thank you
well I'm not letting you do that okay
anyway if I put it up guess it was pump
taking it down quit making could make me
feel bad doctor fall like this some sort
of former reverse psychology anytime
ain't you got somewhere to go oh you
getting your attitude back now HS
damn that's why you destroy your own
damn tree that's why you ain't got one
because you flipped out again
you know that's a lie what but it's not
oh yeah you got darling your hair Mike I
need you to go would you get up my house
merry Christmas to you
bridge is that her mom's right now we
don't give a goddamn sit outside wait
for keep it back okay so I thought you
taking responsibility I did okay Papa to
kicking you out my house fuck what's
going on you guys keeping a camera here
and that is where I stop filming and I
just wanted to cut in here and talk for
a minute about how I feel the video went
now first of all at the time that I
showed up to Dad's house install this
tree I didn't know how much effort he
put into the tree
now while the people are you know mad at
me because I made fun of his tree
knowing that Jimmy and dad put the tree
together I didn't know that they had
this video filmed that they had this
happy moment I got there I honestly
thought the tree was a joke I thought I
was being pranked because it was this
tiny little tree until he told me that
it was all he could afford I wasn't
really thinking that thing of it I
thought I was being joked about I
thought it was a prank
look for a minute let's just take a look
about what exactly happened here for dad
to flip out and destroy the tree
you me take off the garner yes just see
what it looks like now to me that is not
a necessary reaction to me saying remove
the garland which is what I was saying
at that point once he told me that it
was the only tree that he could afford I
said oh okay we'll remove the garland
and it'll look great and he did it would
have looked great and I'm knocking bulbs
off my tree so it would have looked good
if he just removed the garland and
that's what I was saying to him hey see
what it looks like if you removed the
garland garland is that what it's called
I don't know and that's all I wanted to
see and that's why I flipped out and
that's why he destroyed the tree so
anyway I just wanted to give my opinion
on the situation you know say how I felt
about grandpa blaming me for destroying
his tree when really it's just another
case of him overreacting again we're
talking about the same man that
destroyed an entire kitchen over a bag
of candy destroyed my television for
whatever reason destroyed countless
laptops and tables for no reason a lot
of people are saying that I went too far
this time
oh this was where pickle boy went too
far I just made fun of his fucking tree
like subscribe favorite that's it
