what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here I'm sitting with grandpa
what's up dad hey buck how you feeling
I'm are I'm still embarrassed
fuck you see the video yeah yeah it's a
lot of fucking video we've been go on it
was good you know I'm embarrassed okay I
don't show my face on the street why oh
come on man you know me got in vaginas
powers I killed my couch last night when
he did you read you reason as shit talk
about camel toes and we saw what camel
toes
people say Tina was showing camel toe oh
god I don't know about that that was
making sure I didn't know I knew - you
had tell everybody that I've
motherfucking dental drawers oh they
could tell they wouldn't even look if
you got around your mouth
I'll come on nothing look at you anyway
I got a blood thank God you didn't put
up by that goddamn woman of CBS laughing
about we couldn't get I tried it can
catch on video I'll put it on the
deleted scenes what what you lead a
sheet you want on my channel yesterday
well delete it seems to you didn't well
yeah
why can't you just go to fuck a drop
Idol you don't gonna drop us into the
fucking reservoir but I wonder why you
just can't let drop okay you know
everybody not bad about the video dead
for once you were in thought you were
involved in a prank yeah but goddamn I
got them I got the implant of the mother
I thought did you really in love with me
okay so a lot of people were wondering
why it suddenly uh it goes from her
saying she's going to talk to him to dad
being in the van what happened is we
walked inside I decided to switch
cameras because the other one has better
quality and we're gonna rack
whoa just oh sorry I gotta what lip and
I decided to switch cameras so I picked
up the other camera and by the time I
did a dad done ran outside and got into
his damn BAM frog start recording
I was those be practiced on Michael I
was doing the prank I didn't prank you
who did then who did well shit it was
she with that fucking tire me oh my god
hey Matty this you were pranking her and
I told her we were trying to prank why
did you tell her that because she Auto
she will call the police you have to
tell these people afterwards that
they're being praised you see that part
of their mission weight horse I saw it
come on come on
God yeah she wants to wiggle that tongue
around of your balls shit I've made
Paris to fucking thought so let's see
her today right arriv bar I just looked
at it she oh she does what fucking
Batman so according to dad when she did
that today yeah she went fuck you fat
man and so people are looking at us
while we film right now that's why I'm
I'm fat
huh not fat no did she call me fat she
thinks you're fat so shit according to
dad he drove by I'm early just filling
in right now because people are watchin
us filming it's actually offered I don't
want to show dad right now because
people think I'm filming them they think
and I don't want them to think that
she's joking anyway that's been
so anyway the prank work no it did not
work it worked for me
we are we're well you won't work for
Brigitte hey we all know the deal yeah
it's over with Brigitte you be with
those people out there riding me bitch
is still nice oh you know what they need
to they need to sign my deck otherwise
that we've repaid it
we apologize I got him done barest I
apologize shawarma and pursuing the nuts
Daniel damn near passing out with your
motherfucking Cologne
so anyway gonna go you fart yep oh my
god doesn't good with two boys huh it's
mostly a mere thought Shiva fans I am
I'm pretty sure that's not a fart some
sort of dead animal yeah it's all right
here Tina's not my fucking van so any
right we're gonna go you saw the video
what I always have problems women named
Tina
