what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here and you know I just got done
watching dad's video where he was
talking about some of the sadder
Christmas memories that we had I guess I
was a part of this one I I think I'm I
don't know I think I'm a mom may have
been pregnant with me I think she
probably gave birth to me in June and it
made me think about some of the other
Christmases that weren't so great but
I'm not going to be complaining I'm not
complaining that we had bad Christmases
so it was many years ago we lived in
this trailer it's a trailer that
actually burned down we lost one of our
houses to a fire when I was a child it
was around Easter he was at that house
it was actually before we lost a couple
months before we lost a house a mom and
dad they didn't have any money I think
later on in life dad told me he had like
50 bugs and Christmas was coming the
only reason we had a tree is because our
grandmother you know she was going to
throw out her old one she gave it to us
so we had a tree and as kids not having
anything we didn't realize I remember as
it was getting closer to Christmas dad
was doing a lot of work not trying to
get emotional not trying to make this in
a sad vlog I just remember dad was doing
a lot of work to uh make sure Christmas
happened for us you know he was fixing
cars and installing air conditioning
units and picking up trash and
everything he could because he wanted us
to have Christmas and I remember you
know when bills were doing he he only
had 50 to 100 bucks left over for
Christmas which isn't a lot when you got
four kids and it's I guess we didn't
mind you know I remember the day dad
wouldn't got the presents he went to Big
Lots I remember we were sitting in the
living room looking out the windows as
mom and dad were on
loading the Christmas bags you know
there were these big bright orange bags
and we knew they were filled with toys
and to us you know great stuff you know
you only had so much dad's talked about
this story before on a video you can see
that video below we were sitting in the
living room we were nerd you know we're
leaning against the couch looking out
the window and dad's unloading presents
and he's happy that he was able to get
us something and Christmas morning comes
and you know we got a you know we got a
couple of these dollar toys I got you
know one of those dollar robots and you
know I remember in our stockings there
was none you know we had nutty bars and
a penny and we were never sad about it
because we didn't ever really have
anything you know we fought dad was
angry a lot but it's what we had and we
had each other and we don't all we don't
have each other anymore
you know I don't have a relationship
with my brother I don't have a
relationship with one of my sisters all
I really don't have a relationship with
mom anymore you know for reasons that
I'm not going to go into one video it's
personal as private you know all I
really have left is dad and my sister
Kimberly and it just makes me sad to
when you when you see so many people
complaining well you know you see people
on Facebook on Christmas oh I didn't get
this oh I didn't get the car that I
wanted oh my god all should be Christmas
you ain't had shitty Christmases and
there's people about shitty Christmases
than me you know we had some bad
Christmases and there's some people who
have had nothing that's why we're so big
on Toys for Tots because those companies
man they saved our lives growing up they
they really provided for us for
Christmas and Thanksgivings
you know I think people should show more
appreciation for the things that they
get because we didn't have anything and
we were fuckin happy because you know we
might not have had much but the stuff we
did have we really fuckin loved so I
guess the point of the vlog and I took
my hat uh I guess the point of the vlog
is to just say you know appreciate the
things you got appreciate your family
while you have them and don't complain
so much because life's pretty good for
the most part for a lot of people it's
really good and I just wanted to thank
Bella Bella I wanted to thank you for
scooting your butt on the grass while I
was doing this blog how you feeling we
just scoot your butt for you he's got
worms
we gotta think about the vet what your
schooling your butt in the grass I'm so
sorry I'm so sorry baby I'm so sorry
come here oh I poked her in the eye well
I'm gonna deal with Bella I poked in the
eye on accident I'm so sorry bill she
tweets so that's it like subscribe
favorite didn't mean to get a little
emotional for you
just why I get when I talk about the
past maybe it's nostalgia Bella what end
