what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and today I wanted to make a
quick video talking about dad some
stories that he used to tell me growing
up and this is actually in reference to
the prank that I'm uploading tomorrow
night
angry grandpa seduces Tina the prank and
the main reason I decided on Dad's video
being him trying to seduce a woman is
because he you know I grew up grandpa
telling me all these stories about how
he was such a mack daddy and you know oh
ohs good day man
man I could talk a woman out of her
underwear like it was no problem so I
really wanted to see if that actually
could talk a woman out of her underwear
or not dad told me one time boy I tell
you I was 14 years old I was I was too
high - it on the blog and I asked my
grandma and she told me you know oh yeah
yeah yo daddy he had a lot of
girlfriends and I saw the picture of him
he was a relatively good-looking guy
I didn't capture any of that but so I
think I didn't question it I still don't
question it but after yesterday who
knows because if he had game back then
he lost it now either that or girls back
then just didn't give a shit you know
where do you see the video you can see
what Dad considers talking shit the
woman who am i tellin ya just to give
you a preview take a look at this you
wanna pop so I'm uploading that tomorrow
look for it check out the channel cuz
it's coming
unlike dad who is not coming so that's
what I wanted to talk about the fact
that dad used to tell me all the game
that he would kick and that's why I you
know made him do this video to begin
with
because he was telling me I was so good
I'm so moved so I just wanted to see if
it's true is that actually good enough
to talk shit to him in an S he I
probably made the implication here that
he is not but hey let's find out watch
the video tomorrow I don't know what
that was I don't know what that was
supposed to let's find out I don't know
have a look a puppet going or something
but anyway watch the video tomorrow
night
anchor grandpa seduces Tina the prank
check out what happens like subscribe
favorite and don't get no advice on
talking to women from dad
