what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and I just wanted to tell a
story I just remember dad were talking
on the phone about 15 minutes ago and he
reminded me about this so I had to tell
the story about it it's about the time
dad destroyed what he got me for
Christmas on Christmas afternoon and he
replaced it you know two days later so
currently to this day dad is the type of
destroyer who will destroy something
but he'll immediately regret it you know
when we were growing up and he woke up
in the house wasn't clean he'd take a
knife and he would cut the cord to the
computer no you don't go to the computer
twenty minutes later he drives to
Walmart and buys a new cord you know I
guarantee he spent as much money on
cords as he spent on cigarettes growing
up and it was expensive he would destroy
shit regret it replace it and those were
the three things that he would do so it
was Christmas morning I don't remember
the year it was a it was a bunch of
years ago dad got me in Nintendo 64 and
they got me WCW versus NWO revenge and
at the time there were no graphics
better than this
I took one look at this game and what
yeah it doesn't hold up so much anymore
so I thought the game looks so amazing
can and we got it and I plugged him in
yeah all right dad this is the best well
gosh got their nub I think was like 200
bucks I think he might have even gotten
it off a pallet from Walmart like a
friend of his would buy palace and he
would get shit cheap pretty sure he
didn't pay full price so I'm playing it
day's going great I'm playing it all day
you know that's the plan and almost like
dad could our time to a new show I'm
still playing it turn the goddamn shit
off
and of course it's Christmas morning
it's like 3 o'clock in the afternoon I
just want to play my video game I'm not
gonna turn it up I didn't have a TV in
my room I had to play in the living room
so I tell I looked at him know his face
told the whole story
no I show you God and L he walks over
picks up a Nintendo 64 rips it out of a
saw out of the wall he's carrying it
with homegoing dad stop he opens the
door slams it down on the porch that
didn't do it he goes inside he saw here
I'm fumbling for shit like he does he oh
so I go out I grabbed a Nintendo 64 I
put it under my arm and I take off
running boy you better get your goddamn
motherfucking ass he got over it
his anger calmed down I mean realized he
does not want to destroy the Nintendo 64
anymore I'm happy I bring it back inside
stupidly i hook it back up to the
television because I thought it's over
with
dad's calm down I can play my game still
so I put it back in start playing it I
thought I said they turned this
motherfucker off but I want to keep
playing it goddamn it he still he had
the thing in his hand so I don't know
what it was at this point it was
something once white bow-bow bow-bow
that Nintendo 64 was a broken piece of
shit and those were starting systems
those things should not have broken like
I did but it did this bucket thing
cracked the game itself jammed into the
console
and looked back it was fucking destroyed
dad yeah
you won't watch TV now oh we go keep
playing no game
that's something dad used to do he would
break down what's happening and offer it
with a smile well god damn you wanted to
look at my faith you won't get mo shit
through it I cry they kicked I scream I
did everything the kid does I ended up
just going to my room
I cried next day dad's trying to talk to
me she do to their boo
I was ignoring them he destroyed the
only good thing he'd gotten me in years
fuck it then the next day comes I opened
the bedroom door and there's dad
standing in front of me with a new
Nintendo 64 a new copy of revenge and he
puts it in me now motherfucker don't
fuck with me because I will not replace
it this time by the way your TV's in the
back of the van
