what's going on you guys get me any
camera here and today I just wanted to
do a story where I tell you guys about a
time that I went Black Friday shopping
with angry grandpa now if you think this
is the type of story where grandpa shows
his ass in Walmart rages around breaks
some stuff on Black Friday
this ain't the story for you this is
actually very different now this was
many years ago but Dad let me go I think
I was like 10
whenever year the big thing was razor
scooters they were like oh my god I
gotta have the razor so dad decided he
was going to take me and mom went and it
was me dad and mom and we were gonna go
Black Friday shopping and he was gonna
get stuff for my sisters and my brother
and me we get there and it's a madhouse
there's so many people in there they're
handing out food at the door like as
you're walking into the door at Walmart
there's a person handing out these like
little oatmeal bars and like a little
tiny orange juice like you get in school
you're a little tinfoil off and drink it
so the first thing his dad takes about
three or four these little oatmeal bars
thank you very much I'm a bad bad bad
bad man he took a bunch of them you're
not supposed to have but one he didn't
care so we're standing there we're
waiting for I don't know what time is
supposed to be 6:00 in the morning
whatever time everything's supposed to
start and dad's just wait and the dad
looks at me watch this shit so it comes
time for the sale to start and this guy
brings out this palette that has the
razor scooters on it and dad does this
number idea against the wall watch this
shit but when the guy cuts the plastic
that the razor scooters are being
concealed by it turns insane people
start fucking screaming and pulling hair
me and mom saw like somebody get punched
in the face
I'm pretty sure the news was there
filming this shit as it happened some
bitch gets punched in the face over a
razor scooter and here's dad leaning
against this wall hey dumb motherfuckers
my dad bow give shove dumb motherfuckers
we watch all the people fight over the
razor scooters dad gets his lap on he
decides to walk a little bit more and
sees like some other shit that's
happening over here people fighting over
that he's laughing
motherfuckers right here after being
there for about 25-30 minutes dad looks
at mom and he goes bitch you ready yeah
I'm ready so I think we're probably
gonna get our bug and we're gonna do our
shopping dad's walking towards the door
I'm following them we keep walking but
you know wait wait wait wait
are we doing some shopping shit no if
you think about your toys and Walmart we
get your shift in the free market you be
good and goddamn happy about it I just
wanted to see the show yeah
so dad took me Black Friday shopping we
laughed at people fighting over the
razor scooters we laughed at people
fighting over dolls we laughed at people
fist fighting and screaming and fighting
over these sales that really not worth
it to begin with
and then we left without buying anything
without having a reason to be there
without having a reason to get me up at
5:00 in the morning
the day after Thanksgiving for whatever
reason because we weren't going to be
shopping in it to begin with
the only good part of the morning was
dad stopping by McDonald's on the way
home and even that wasn't without any
controversy mom forgot one of his
biscuits and he started bitching at her
until she went back inside and got it
he said look at those bags Tina where's
house is biscuit it's right here my n
that's the sauce biggie chief McMuffin I
said a sausage biscuit
