what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here rejoice there and we are
about to put up our Christmas tree and
we're attempting to get the same look as
last year and Bella's freaking out about
it so here we go Christmas tree time I
was like fine I shop in I got nine
hundred lights a tree ornament off for
$70
I'll take it all right there's our tree
okay looking for the last spot got it
flush this out all right so there's what
we all right now we are in the fluffing
stage of the tree now we're gonna start
decorating okay so we got the lights on
I would say 10% of the tree okay well
you don't think 10 about 10 percent of
the tree so you know we were wondering
how many people will think one box of
lights is enough cuz that was 300 we got
how many boxes we got three more boxes
so we got three boxes we had all this
tree to go wish us luck we're gonna need
it but getting the decorating Bridget
said she's got a special ornament for me
that I have not seen yet so this must be
my my my personal ornament that I can
hang every year so we'll see white yeah
remember as per custom we gotta do the
Garfield thing haha
or continuing to do it why not working
on the silver ones silver bells silver
bells let's go it's Christmas time in
the city dingle lanes that what he sings
it's beginning to look a lot like
Christmas toys and every store huh
oh the special one yeah okay so I've got
a special ornament yeah come on with
this it's a pickle or as you're gonna
say a dildo okay look it's the Grinch's
penis story the Christmas pickle story
according to the German tradition
depicted a breeze good luck
I thought the ornaments but hung on the
tree the pic a lot of it was hidden
somewhere within the branches on
Christmas morning the first child to
find the gokhan was rewarded with
additional smoke present the present
witness the pickle tradition encourage
youngsters to do the many elements under
tree before checking to see what st.
Nicholas has brought them be ready
that's the German tradition pickle story
well I'm gonna hang it Germans really
hate pickles they hide in the tree it
says find the gherkin Rudolph the
red-nosed reindeer had a very shiny nose
and a whore that he fucked I never heard
of Clarice till now which one's cool
wreath hello Clarice it's good to see
you again
Khaleesi came in here with your cheap
shoes you just wins in racing down from
white trash so that's it here's our tree
so that's it
like subscribe that and I close in on
the pickle the Germany Coalition says of
people by then the three
