what's going on you guys keep me out of
camera here and it is Thanksgiving Day
and of course by now by the time you've
seen this video you will have realized
that I prank dad into believing that he
missed Thanksgiving up my house cuz
that's the plan
now I'm only I could be shooting you
know too high and the plan could fail
and you know this intro means nothing
but as of now the plans for dad to think
you missed Thanksgiving so this is all
the stuff I'm using bridges already
started these are pumpkin pies my
Bridget what are in these yes eggs and
cream cheese I don't how could you
forget like Thank You cheese I know
we're doing a little blasphemy for that
it is a Paula Deen recipe so we're sorry
forgetting you pumpkin pie with cream
cheese so this is all the stuff we're
doing I'm going to cook it all here on
camera the stuff that I'm making right
here the bread for the dressing is
sitting out I already got one cut up we
air dry overnight and we're gonna cut it
and yeah we're gonna cut it we're gonna
season it we're gonna bake it these were
Bridget are working on right now
so we are I'm also gonna be making
homemade green bean casserole and this
is not as you see I don't have any cans
of cream of mushroom soup because I'm
not using cream of mushroom soup I'm
gonna saute the mushrooms and butter I'm
gonna add half and half fresh garlic and
we're gonna bake that shit right okay so
as I continue to make messes and
continue to cook next is oh I'll show it
empty pot cranberries we're not doing
pan cranberries I bought it just in case
my cranberry fails but I don't plan on
using it bitch okay so grandma Evelyn
when you see this video you ain't a
slice of pie that Bella trattoria first
okay two bags of cranberries blended two
cups of sugar now to the two cups of
sugar we add two cups of orange juice
we're gonna let it cook and do its thing
I'm assertive first course we're gonna
let it cook we're just gonna sit here
and boil these until the Helen do they
boil for about ten minutes it's very
quick it will start popping you let it
boil or you let it pop for about five to
ten minutes and from that turn take it
off the heat and let it sit so here's
where we are with the cranberry sauce
right now you're starting to boil
they're starting to pop not quite ready
to turn off the heat on it yet but
they're getting close as you can see the
liquid is starting to turn red now from
the cranberries so we're getting good so
these have been boiling for about five
to ten minutes now I've removed it from
the heat and I'm just gonna let it sit
here and just firm up on its own so
leave it I want to let it do its thing
and that was a loud pop mistake now to
the butter mixture add the mushrooms and
this is for the green bean casserole
okay this I'm going to add fresh garlic
these tablespoons of flour which I'm
gonna used to make a roux with mix this
together now
two cups of chicken broth and two cups
of half-and-half okay now I'm gonna add
the milk cream mixture to the green
beans and then I'm gonna mix it together
so that is where the cooking portion of
the Thanksgiving video ends for me
because I was done you know I just
finished I was taking the green bean
casserole out I put it on the counter
and I heard dad come and oh the video is
about to happen the whole plan was for
me to make a prank video telling dad
that he missed Thanksgiving Oh everybody
already ate and all this and everything
just fell apart on me dad shows up it
takes him a minute to walk into the
kitchen and see all the food I you know
I hadn't prepared for it I I didn't want
to like not give him a Thanksgiving I
want him to really have a Thanksgiving
you know so I had to really have the
food there maybe I should have hidden it
or something but it was on the counter
because I knew Burgess family was coming
any minute
anyways but I was hoping to get at least
10 to 15 minutes of him thinking book of
god damn pickle boy fucking
Thanksgivings over buddy figured it out
quickly I thought I didn't have a video
to upload I you know I promoted this
video on you know a couple of days ago
hey come to your goddamn house nowhere
I'm not I'm not coming to your house you
are for weeks now I am NOT dad's coming
to my house for Thanksgiving lowly I
will check my turkey so it didn't work
out but I got the video anyway with him
bitching or whatever reason it was I
don't even know why he left I think he
was just pissed off because of the prank
whatever III think for one it's because
it was too loud in the house and he made
an excuse so anyway that's the cooking
do go check out grandpa ruins
Thanksgiving as opposed to the video I
was promoting this entire cooking video
where I was gonna be you know the
missing Thanksgiving or whatever grandpa
misses Thanksgiving prank sometimes it
doesn't work out this is one of those
times so anyway that's it like subscribe
favorite and Happy Thanksgiving and
don't get killed Black Friday shopping
it's not worth it
