what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here but to us here
everybody else right here there's a
whole lot of people here today you guys
Kim has a bag because she's actually
going back to New York right now oh
don't be sad we we take it one day at a
time how far is he one minute away
oh good as we all know well he'll wait
as long as it takes guys today is a
special day because it is a birthday it
is a very special birthday for a very
special lady
you know she's extremely talented and
humble and so sexy and I loved her in
Zombieland and help happy birthday to
Emma Stone
Doug's happy birthday to Emma Stone so
Emma
happy birthday Jennifer Emma somebody
else is her real name Jennifer I don't
think so Jacey she had birthday Emma
Stone everything was down see everybody
knows today is the special day Emma
Stone's birthday that's the the real
birthday everybody celebrating today
guys we were at the hospital okay it's
Jennifer's birthday
I love like psyching people out on the
birthday and pretend to someone else
yeah that's where I was making the clear
distinction I meant Emma
so guys yeah today is Jennifer's
birthday and today
Kimberly's leaving but you know I wish
it was under different circumstances
that you were here but but I'm hoping
that things are gonna be so much
different I'm hoping that he's gonna be
better we need the best news today but
we're not gonna let that you know yeah
discourages look if we have to move him
to a different Hospital we'll move them
to a different hospital it's like we see
improvement there like there's no
improvement and they're basing their
saying there's no improve because
they're like oh he just gets
progressively worse he had cancer and
then he came in for just came in in July
and then he kept like don't you know
first of all he came in July for
exhaustion and they happened to find it
the cancer is unrelated it was in his
back and he's cleared from with you guys
I never told you that but he's cancer
free from that so on paper it looks like
he's getting progressively worse but
we're seeing a difference in person saw
I'll get a second third fourth fifth
opinion for new hospitals fly them out
to California whatever it takes we're
not gonna take one doctor's opinion for
it guys I'm not gonna love it knocking a
little bit toward attracted by bad news
Kim's ubers calling well grab bag guys
Kim's leaving and happy birthday Emma
Stone
I'm sorry Bart I got Kings back you
better go away
just let him do it you need to hug him
not carry your bags I'll put it in him I
just want him to do it probably help he
is helping though just chill hey Dad
all right come on I love you I love you
too of course
well let's not going on don't don't let
them mess with dad
so love you happy birthday thank you
send all of your belongings and it will
live in New York City understanding
Kimmy's leaving and growing Jason
that's funny okay
it's like you'll be lost in translation
there whispering something to each other
we don't know what it is I love you to
come all right have a good flight tell
mom we said hey
you know I usually try when she leaves
but I mean there's you know we don't
need any more tears here's the problem
you want recording the goodbyes
I had to report midway no yeah you
didn't record the goodbyes no I did
no I swear yes I did don't say that how
long he's been recording two minutes
you really didn't record the goodbyes I
did it no Kim didn't Virginia record my
goodbyes to Kim you got yours anyway
how's your playing you guys just trying
to stay optimistic could happen you guys
all right guys we're gonna go visit Kim
thanks for coming such had to come under
horrible circumstances
now let's cross the fingers for good
news even though they gave us bad news
this tomorrow nobody gives out it is the
next day you guys we're gonna talk in
just a few minutes about everything that
happened yesterday talk about Kim
leaving some of the stuff that the
doctor said to us but first I want to
show the house because guys ever since
all this stuff happened I've been living
the life of a depressed rock star right
yeah you guys believe this I haven't
wanted to clean we haven't wanted to
cook so I just been ordering freaking
take out with this old Chinese well it
is she's not lying tara misu these it's
like life has just been so crazy like
who has time to do anything
you don't I mean Bridget last night
she's eating a Stromboli and she eats it
so fast that she ate a piece of the fork
and guys that is not a joke I am not
exaggerating all morning Bridgman like I
think I feel it in my chest like no you
don't you don't feel the plastic fork
you hate okay which part you see just a
little tip yeah it's blurry hold on I'll
be right back folks right there folks
the little tip of the fork that's
missing is lodged and
Bridget's lungs don't say that I think
it's lodged right here though it's not
dude I'm thinking my guys she's freaking
up Bridget I promise you okay your body
gets you've probably already like that
let's stop at the ER no dude you don't
cloud this stuff up okay what are you
doing why is it hurt I don't know it's
probably gas because made so much pizza
last night probably has more to do with
the Stromboli you ate and left with you
the piece of for figure eight during it
that's all I'm saying
okay that's all I'm saying you're gonna
be mean I'm not being me and just being
funny guys we're gonna be doing a scene
they just think we be talking you know
going forward you know we're gonna try
to add some normalcy to the vlogs
because I know it's been nothing about
hospital footage and on the flip of the
coin I know you guys appreciate being
filled in but at the same time you know
I'm losing track of everything because
I'll since I'm gonna sit at the hospital
holiday with Dad okay
but at the same time I gotta remember
that there's other stuff I got to do
afterwards so when we get home I'm gonna
start the blog anymore so guys we're
gonna try to start adding is that I
talked about this know I need to take
care of the kitchen to care yourself
that sounds great to me guys I'm gonna
do a chill I'm gonna play some video
games she's gonna clean at home guys all
right we're gonna talk about yesterday
we'll be right back so before we get out
of here I just wanted to take a minute
to talk and I know this is another short
vlog and I'm sorry for uploading this or
vlogs we're gonna work on that in the
future uh I just wanted to talk a little
bit about yesterday because I told you
the doctors
we're not giving us the information that
we wanted to hear I want to hear what I
want to hear you know and the doctors
the doctors think that things are
showing signs of improvement and I think
that they are I feel like every day he's
talking to us more we're having better
days but the doctors are like okay we
got to start you know coming up with
answers soon we got to start talking
about what you want to do I'm like I
don't want to talk about that
he's getting better I think don't you
think
yes guys she's eating a cannoli right
now that was I'm not joking just for
breakfast she had cannoli and tiramisu
and probably the rest of that fork so
anyway I don't want to hear that though
I don't want to hear you know things
aren't you know getting better because I
feel like they are and so I wanted more
opinions we did talk to a second doctor
though yeah but I wanted third doctor
man so I actually think she was a fifth
doctor I can't crush my own glasses so
things aren't the best right now we're
trying to figure it out their teeth they
keep using words like you know the end
yeah we're gonna talk about we had
another meeting with another doctor
today huh I'm not none of us has given
up hope now I'm tired of like because I
feel like the doctors are like well he
was hearing you know he who was here in
July and he also had cancer I'm like
yeah but guys these are different things
he came in July because he was exhausted
oh yeah dehydrated the cancer he has
actually cancer-free now it's we weren't
gonna talk about that I think I said
that at the hospital but he's
cancer-free you know if they were
unrelated to each other so it's been
when you look at the picture oh yeah
he's getting worse but like when I'm at
the hospital and day one he's like not
even able to squeeze my hand and then
yesterday he's like telling me jokes you
know I don't get it I totally get it
like it sucks anyway that was the update
guys we don't know what's going on we're
gonna have another you know update for
you tomorrow's vlog Kim I want to say
thanks for stopping by it was really
cool to have you for as long as we could
it helped you know regulate like our
emotions a little bit because I think we
would have been checked out by now if
Kim didn't stop by you know if we didn't
have somebody to like run our emotions
by and joke with and talk so Kim love
you sorry had to leave everybody else
that's been showing your support thank
you so much we appreciate it we're gonna
be doing this out right now you guys I'm
sorry if the vlog short but that's the
update yeah
no we actually have to talked to another
doctor today I already said that I don't
talk about it anymore okay guys we're
doing this out sir I will go heat up a
fork for Bridget I just realized that
there was something visible in the
kitchen when I was doing the you know
whole depressed rock star footage I
showed you guys to Pete and all this
stuff I showed right here right and as
I'm editing the vlog I take notice of
this and you know long enough I have
went with people saying that I wear
diapers far too long now have people in
like all people Boyd wears diapers
I cannot have diaper like paraphernalia
sitting in my kitchen and not respond to
it so guys this is for Clyde yeah you
come here buddy
this is for you tell him Clyde
these are yours right he knows okay he
just want to say it he doesn't want to
admit it he doesn't want to talk about
it they're his Clyde uses the bathroom
in the yard like dogs do and Bridget
likes to use those afterwards it's like
oh like taking care of a real child I
guess okay right so that's what it's for
I don't want people being let go pause
it
11 minutes 27 seconds you can see
diapers in the vlog
well pickleboy wears diapers confirm
absolutely not
that doesn't happen and by the way he's
anybody ever seen this hot cocoa puffs
what they are cocoa puffs with
marshmallows yo let's do an impromptu
food review you call
mm-hmm Lucas mmm
cocoa puffs yes want more of them cuz
there's you got try those ruined to this
outro now switch hands I like holding
about him oh yeah those are my diapers I
know people are gonna think of they are
anyway time to do this outro sorry the
vlog so short love you guys
well that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching I think those vlogs
like 10 minutes and my apologies but I'm
not gonna you know rush a long vlog for
ad revenue you know there's no point of
that I have something to talk about
though what we need to do the grilled
cheese challenge we're gonna guys this
month Doug seems to think he makes a
better grilled cheese than myself or
Bridget there's no way there's no I'm
going to win we're gonna samay zhing
guys let me know in the comments section
if you know any good grilled cheese
recipes because I've got to do something
that's going well and whatever I do is
gonna blow this out of the water right
but not mine cuz I'm gonna win I just
know it sweetie I've been trying out
recipes and they are to die for
literally I use like 10 gallons of
butter guys get out of here yes I use
about 20 gallons of butter that's too
much butter I was joking so guys I'm
getting out of here thanks for watching
uh yeah that's the update on dad
Kim sorry to see you go time to clean
the kitchen we got a whole lot to do
guys thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite fun everything and that's it I
love you guys so much thank you so much
for the love thank you guys for
everything
