I just learned this the other day now
you go for it
where is thumper where is thumper Here I
am Here I am how are you today sir why
he's gonna solo very well i thank
you.run away.run away
that's it where is tall man where is
tall man Here I am Here I am how are you
today bitch very well and fuck you run
away run away now we are there were fun
parents please thumper we got off
alright what's this one I don't fucking
know
I know that's all man that's when you
sit Oh what does index I don't sell
pointer that's pointer you got thumper
you got pointer you got tall man you got
who is he I don't know dude he's a
little prick
just outside oh and that girl huh I
can't do these two though I the topper
pointer tall man short man no pinkie
where is pinky where is pinky Here I am
Here I am how are you today sir very
well and thank you.run away.run away
I don't know what that one is ah you
tell me to fuck myself
hey that's enough our Jesus Yoshi -
little nuts Sega we was learning these
perverted horrible things kids ready God
kids just come up doing that to you yeah
I guess anyway that's my nursery rod for
the day you nursing on for the day is
where is thumper where is thumper where
is thumper eh
