I'm a little tea you guys dude you got
to do it what you can do you guys think
I'm a little teapot you're gonna have to
do it I am I'm a little teapot short and
stout here is must be cute
where is my spout tip me oh really a
whole part I put this she'll get it
again I have a little teapot shop
I'm a little teapot short and stout here
is my handle here is my spout tip now
you over and pour me out you're gonna
even tell your section I don't know it a
little Ricky pot no come on do right I'm
back
love fuck I'm a little teapot short and
stout here is my handle here is my spout
the over and pour do you forget what hey
goddamn I'm good enough okay I'm a
little teapot short and stout here is my
handle here is my spout then I get all
steamed up and I shout tip me over and
pour me out I'm a little teapot short
and stout here is my handle here is my
spout tip me over and again when I get
all steamed up what made you want to do
this all of a sudden I don't know how do
I learn I learned a new one now you're
doing the t-point you trying to get out
of doing it I'm a little teapot short
and stout here is my handle there is the
foul tip no ribbon again I'll steamed up
that I shower here all Steeda that I
shall fuck you bitch and pour me out
are you doing the more
