you and pop what Michael main turn that
light off for me I can't see what I'm
doing over to talk to you about what
well first about that dog shit that
happened yesterday Oh God motherfuckers
bar all right so a lot of people been
asking me and I figure our answer in
front of you for validation a lot of
people in asking why you didn't hit Tina
but got out of going to jail well the
reason is we don't hit women in this
family no you go to jail well that's the
only reason here is not for moral
reasons or anything but no I'm not the
fuck gutters need a bit of man well yeah
that's my boy you might want to turn
that off so I may be making butter
potatoes or mashed weather is that
making a that's buttered potatoes yeah
Oh tomato crap what is that yeah we know
you got a retarded mother with that
mouth
welcome to Mordor goddamn mouth up here
my god are you joking that's why I put
the damn rat boys now oh my god you're
cooking right next to it yeah well
there's there it is I'll just Joby
going to Dan where do you want Eve I
thought they were buttered potatoes they
are but those things sort of the mashed
potato feeling a lot you over boiled and
that's the problem
Oh got it in the Son of Sam bye-bye papa
oh no Bart but so I'll call you David
Berkowitz good here's a Christian now
you down tells his name I gave me
Berkowitz ya hear about god those are oh
yeah they aren't totally mashed potatoes
though you've given up the whole
buttered potato concept mass ears are
better anyway Michael is it time for you
go home I just want to give you guys one
I have a quick conversation with you
Chuck you go home when now I'm Dingell
his headphones with me no you're not I'm
taking a woman holy hell
so I'm just chilling with dad we cleared
up the whole dog barking thing dad
apologizes to Tina right dad he doesn't
really apologize I don't know the thing
is people are wondering why you didn't
call the police police about like well
for one I said it's because you don't
want the dog taken away Kimber that
fucking dog so you don't hear what he's
taking away I don't know what is this
quilt behind you what is this that's why
can't I get cold at night I don't care
you wrap up in this little white and I
wrapped up in the bottom oh yes I do I'm
an old man I came over to see that
wrapped up and with a cup of coffee
uh I gotta make sure I got up called
Baltimore well I'm gonna head off here
I'm gonna film that stew for a little
bit you do anything with those man he's
rats yeah and he's mice that is that
white jump boy I thought it up wonderful
dozen mice turn into rats no are you
retarded
do you really believe that I thought
they were baby rats dad you hear this
she thinks Matt's mice or baby rats no
rats has rats mice or mice
what's a baby right a baby right
I think Oh baby runs exactly what it is
a baby rat baby mouths of dams oh babe
mouths oh they're so cute
mice have a little - no bones don't they
look they can go flat to crawl under
anything oh shit
