what's going on you guys keep be on
camera here and it's been about a week
over a little over a week since I got
the PlayStation 4 and a lot of people
have been asking me when I'm gonna do a
review on it well I didn't want to do
review the next day like I did with the
ps3 and I was so harsh to judge it like
oh this is the PlayStation 3 experience
yeah I was wrong
PlayStation 3 is an awesome game console
gaming console and I said I'm pretty
fucked up I guess so I waited about a
week I wanted to play the PlayStation 4
a little bit before I did a review now
I'm going to do it so here we go I am
going to start the PlayStation 4 it's
already started but so let's login what
my controller is almost dead ok so right
here we're looking at the PlayStation 4
menu this is what it looks like down
there is you know what's new there are
some people on my buddy list I guess my
friend list they're gonna see their
names on here now I guess so anyway
that's that there's a movie in there
right now we got the applications now
right now the PlayStation 4 does not
have the applications that you know the
Xbox one has so this is just a review of
the interface what do I think of the
interface well first of all I love the
interface in the sense that everything's
right here if I want to play a game I
got a battlefield I start battlefield I
want to play NBA I go over here
I started in ba so that is just that
simple you know I want to go up go to
the PlayStation Store I go in there I
see if there's any free game for the
PlayStation Plus I see if it got any
friend requests or notifications and so
on and so forth trophies etc so if I'm
going to review the interface itself
it's very simple it's easy to use but
it's far from perfect there are some
things that I've noticed that are
missing from the PlayStation 4 interface
that really kind of pisses me off the
first being the ability to watch movies
that I download on my computer on
playstation4 now to stay legal I am NOT
referring to illegal movies I'm talking
about watching videos from my computer
on the PlayStation 4 usually before I
was using views which is a bit torrent
downloader and it would list on the side
the devices that are currently
connecting to views and I noticed there
wasn't a playstation 4 icon on it and I
was like okay well there's PlayStation 3
and there's Xbox and you know where's
you know PlayStation 4 and as I was
staring and looking around I didn't see
anywhere on the PlayStation 4 where I
could watch movies from my computer now
if somebody knows how to do that send me
a message because that would be a really
that would be really helpful because
that would that's important that's
something that's very important to me I
don't know if you can do it on the Xbox
one I don't know if both systems removed
it or something whatever the case may be
I you know that part kind of sucks next
I'll review the controller now the
controller here we go now a lot of
people you know a lot of people were
like me wondering what this was this is
a touchscreen interface and there are
certain times of games where you can use
it I'll show you how to use it on this
game that I did not download the full
game yet I download a trial for it it's
called trying to this is an independent
game yes as you can see
I'm using the touchscreen to levitate
the boulder so let's do that again I
hover the thing over there I press this
button now I could do that and I can
levitate this Boulder out of my way so
naturally one of the most common
questions that I get is how are the
graphics so I'm showing you those right
now this is what the graphics for
PlayStation 4 looks like I'm playing
battlefield for presidency progressive
push the government for transparency
fairness freedom of speech Admiral Chang
convinced board a few now we're never
nobody saying oh this is cutscene you
know this always looks better than the
gameplay so I'm gonna skip this and
we're going to get to the game all that
now you can see the actual endgame
graphics
hey let me see
it's getting close to somebody's things
first
like I said this is an actual endgame is
what he look like go to your face
logan's we have a whistle
this game looks absolutely stunning
Oh
now I'm about to hit the middle button
on the controller so you can see just
how quickly I can go from one game to
the next I'm going to hit the middle
button go to NBA star
the next example of graphics I'm going
to use will be NBA speed they can play
this well all season excellent shape
they've got an absolutely ideal start to
the season they were fresh and ready
from day one and he's also been their
form right away and the offseason I
think they made all the right campus
tour by they're good defensively but
some were just careful
he has air expulsion so just so I can
show you guys the graphics this game has
I'm just gonna throw it on instant
replay so we can go to one of these
models see if you just look at it I
haven't found Kobe so just look at that
the graphics on this game is just
mind-blowing to me look at that you know
it's just when you see graphics like
this is it just looks so real so let's
talk about a list of things that I like
and a list of things that I don't like
stuff that I like first would be the
graphics you can really see a difference
between PlayStation 3 games and
PlayStation 4 games just by playing it
it's like amazing you know the level of
detail that they're starting to put in
these games now and these are just a
launch title so just imagine how good
game is they're gonna start looking by
the end of this consoles lifespan it's
like it's amazing to think about that
kind of stuff we are on a new level of
graphics I mean look at this you know we
are on a new level of get of it you know
get video game graphics now other things
that I like I like the controller I
really like the controller it feels
really good in my hands I like the way
it's really comfortable to hold this you
know when I got the PlayStation 3 I
really kind of hated the controller you
know it felt foreign to me you know so
you see the Xbox control we holding this
this is a this is a good controller yeah
I love the touchscreen I love that
sometimes the controller will speak to
me as it does I would just really enjoy
you know the control I love the way it
can play game is great the controller is
a very big plus to the PlayStation 4 the
interface is really good I really like
how everything's there waiting for me I
love that you know I
play a game I play a game you know I
really like downloading games before I
wasn't really into it but now I don't
want discs it's like you know right now
have a blu-ray in thing you know I have
a disc game for it and I haven't played
it because I would rather play the
digital games some things that I don't
like about it I don't like the fact that
I can't watch the movies from my
computer
you got this next generation device that
has lost the ability to do something
that the previous device could do so
that's a big step backwards to me I
can't comprehend removing the ability to
not be able to play you know movies from
your computer I don't like the fact that
it's not backwards compatible I want to
you know I have a fucking stack of
PlayStation 3 games that I can't play
now the lack of applications was a
problem I was under the impression that
by the time we got the next generation
that the Sony you know entertainment
industry was going to be able to offer
more applications like the Xbox I do
like that the applications you do have
you don't have to pay a monthly fee for
like you do with the Xbox if you have an
internet connection you can play Netflix
without having to pay Sony a price for
doing that which is why I prefer Sony to
Microsoft you know when you get the live
account for Sony you really get
something back for you get the
PlayStation Plus that gives you the
ability to download games which I've
already been taken advantage of I've got
lists of really good games that I was
able to download free for PlayStation
Plus now I know it the Xbox started
following that and they have to get you
know game downloading for free now but
it's only two a month and the games are
usually shit that you don't want anyways
but I'm going to assume that we're going
to get more applications down the road
they're talking about having the
backwards compatibility fix down the
road I like you know the the ability to
stream to twitch right now if I want to
I can stream game play to twitch TV you
know that kind of stuff is very cool I
like the ability to run games in 1080 so
if I had to put that score into numbers
I would give the PlayStation 4 a 7 out
of 10 now you guys are gonna say that's
a shitty score well first of all it's
kind of hard to get a 10 I mean the
system isn't different enough from the
PlayStation 3
for me to say it's Oh 10 out of 10 it's
like a PlayStation 3 that can play games
at a higher resolution that's what it
feels like to me it feels like a
PlayStation 3 with a you know redesigned
controller and new graphics and that's
okay
you know you don't need to over
complicate things but it could still be
a lot more than it is so a lot of people
are getting a you know rating at 8.5 and
stuff and you know you got to take it
for what for what it is I saw IGN gave
the playstation 4 an 8.5 and you know if
I lower my you know what I expect of a
system could be in this day and age I
would probably give it an 8.5 myself but
we're at a point in technology where it
could be so much better than it is it
should be so much better than it is we
can do all kinds of shit but we can't do
it on these yet so anyway like subscribe
favorite that's my review for the
PlayStation 4 I'll do another one when I
get the Xbox one which is I'm obviously
I'm going to get the Xbox one I'll
probably keep it in here one after the
other but I don't know how much I would
use the Xbox one because you know a lot
of people say no you can watch TV on it
what do you really want to watch TV on
your game system I don't know I just
wouldn't what my game system running 24
hours a day I'd want it turned off at
some point so it doesn't overheat or
burn out or just flat-out die so that's
it like subscribe favorite keep gaming
buy whatever you want to get you know
whatever you think is the next-gen game
console to you get it because in the end
it's not a big deal it's seriously not
as big of a deal some of these people
are making it out to be Xbox versus Sony
you know it's it's not a big deal just
get whatever you like have fun play the
games and wait for whatever comes next
