just do my just okay where do you want
to be at I would be right here I want to
be down here okay I thought you were we
were here God Michael okay just tell me
why you can't you get anything how about
down here you got someone's car where do
you want me bitch I'll be wherever you
want to be I'm just saying you're a
middle of the street right now this vlog
is important yes I get that
JFK 50 years I get that I understand how
about Saul right here huh how about
right here was right here fire with you
yes where I'm in the middle of the
street let's go back up to the spend you
Jesus Christ Michael neglige are you
joking with this you'll be smoking in
your JFK vlog ogf case you didn't smoke
did he I guess that's the eternal flying
accenture plane ready just a cigarette
right I guess we're not ready are we
what you let me hold the camera good was
that I wanted I'm like recording it you
guys face as Peter I'm oh wow you hear
that they prove in Peters fake Peter's
fake you look it up what does that mean
Peter the organiz yeah yeah we mean
they're fake their hair they don't
really cares this way to make money are
you joking Google it Google it Google it
well we have to do a vlog about that you
talk about Peter Ovitz you google it
first make sure I'm right can we get
started my blog whenever you're ready
for are you ready you'll walk I gotta
walk
you gotta walk how does that mean like
this yeah just run you just you just
keep me get the buter if you if you you
pass me I don't know what that means are
you gonna be walking during this vlog
I'm gonna be walking okay walking where
so I know I'm you just follow me okay
it's the first vlog you've had me
prepare for and I don't get it
she's always doing myself and you're you
pissing me off
so you're gonna walk to the house like
that's some walk you're doing just shut
up okay give me a camera let me do it
myself
I got it so you're gonna walk right now
wait a minute this is car coming
I'm gonna build a deck yeah you get
right there okay get right there turn me
turn me oh well you just keep backing
down okay ready
I guess so I'm gonna be doing this the
whole time okay I get it you're I've
been walking with you yeah okay that's
all you have to say so it's been 50
years since john f kennedy was
assassinated and from what I understand
he was a good president
he was a great president yes I'm giving
him acknowledge and family Camelot shit
really yeah because there was a true
Camelot family man all seriousness is
hot though JFK rest in peace see Jackie
when she was young no cos she was hot is
she alive or dead she did an a but she
was hot goddamn
but then she was me at all I'm some kid
right up on a bicycle yeah my goddamn
yard fuck you hook are you sorry you
should ask me are you just asking it
your tires pop 50 years ago today we
lost a great man we lost president would
you keep walking please I didn't know
what the plan was so I got a walk
backwards I would lose myself so you
have some big vision this blog you want
to borrow so I'm almost let me get you
want me to start on tabs they you're
pissing me the fuck off I'll record it
right this time give me one more chance
you'll shave its no-shave November well
I don't shave in December January
February No Shave November that includes
you know brows I shaved my asshole
that's more please start this thing
okay our McGee glasses stretch get out
of here
