what the hell doing
I ain't get down you think I got again
they gonna get it
why God get him out where motherfucker I
told you look both talking about goddamn
trap
motherfuck killed over there like oh my
god there but can you get my back to me
once I'm on Ted I don't see no mouths do
little bit like how you get all the kid
what the hell is that
stop it
I'm sorry I didn't see it the things
give me a heart attack is that the mouth
with their know that Britt dad that's
the matter with kid was wearing oh yeah
that's gonna be safe for you I said that
goddamn care 30 goddamn you're down now
how come you down now could you go I'm
gonna protect you from no mouse I get
your neck relax
the data could I get a low I don't wanna
be suppose we see one right now I'll
make it up knowing what it that's the
mask that you just threw under there the
motherfuckers black it's giving it
doesn't look like something them but
Jesus you through the mask under that
yourself Ian Michael this is bad
I got a booth this is not nothing of a
deal all right
everybody who's much into it there's a
mess right besides you right there goes
right here the house for your labs huh
you understand
you got a road you get them out you get
a mouse in the house right and you're
gonna snake is like Dan here done got a
snake coming to get the mouse it's not
true this ain't like the the ones with a
woman who swallowed a fly I don't know
why Jack got back up come on
no no nothing breaking more shit the
once was a woman who got a minor joke
okay
