what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and I just got back from
buying the ps4 now people are gonna be
asking how did I get it a day early or
two days early
I bought this off as somebody who won
the Taco Bell contest so thank you to
Taco Bell for giving away a bunch of
ps4s and you gave it to them early and
you gave it to an old couple who don't
play games so thank you
here it is gonna unbox it now so here we
go
PlayStation 4 unboxing this is my year
subscription to PlayStation Plus me put
that aside this is the free copy of
knack first check out the controller
look though I've been wondering what
this is see I always thought that was a
screen right there but it's not what the
hell is it I'll read the manuals I don't
fuck anything up so there is the
controller and let's get to the
important part system
so there I'm looking at it the
PlayStation 4 now the reason that I had
to buy this tonight the reason I had to
buy this tonight it's because stupidly I
canceled my pre-order a game stuff back
in like August thinking oh I got plenty
of time I had no idea they would sell
out like this but I got it finally
otherwise I was looking towards
Christmas and here it is the PlayStation
4 what else we got in here and the
manual got all the the wires got the
HDMI wire well we got the little headset
let's hook it up all right
right now I'm setting up a controller
flip is for while eat McDonald's Thank
You taco bell for choosing the winner by
me McDonald's yeah I agree with whatever
this says hope this isn't like South
Park and I'm agreeing to some
humancentipad shit here we go the
PlayStation 4 is now starting so there
we have it
this is the PlayStation 4 still learning
it happy I have it though tell me the
update anyway there it is so I got the
PlayStation 4 I'm gonna start start
working everything and get my my
PlayStation Plus hooked up I'm gonna
check out nak but that's it for now like
subscribe favorite go get the
PlayStation 4
