I'm mad at you why I just care about you
Michael so much guys I can't have you
sick on top of everything else she lifts
the leg it was my gala the first thing
she said that's the biggest thing I've
ever seen
yep that hacked and got she was talking
about the cyst doctor no no nope no guys
seriously she was like okay ma'am uh I
just wanted I was like ma'am I'm a sir
mm-hmm
take a magnifying glass no oh there it
is Michael no sir be proud I'm just
saying guys yeah she comes in she's like
okay let's take a look okay yeah see
Owen uh but you're good she's give me
antibiotics we can't just
we don't have an antibiotic tree it was
good to come was it
that's a point okay thank you already
yeah I do but you mean antibiotics yeah
the skin looks good you need to put it
on a heating pad so we gonna do that
like well these were at the hospital
because he dad
exactly exactly we're already here I
can't believe this I are already sorry
about morning with humiliation I don't
know I'm happy he came never grouts I'm
happy no regrets for you summarize for
me but Michael you have nice junk I'm
just saying
thank you why is the glovebox have the
the lemonade or no adds logo on it I
like that look Michael yes that is a
small are you saying I'm wrong no or am
i Michael look that's me extra large
that's you
what are you saying were you trying for
now I'm trying to say that is small
that's Libya of course it was wrong with
you mentally I don't know I know that
small was joking it looks like for a
minute of no ads long it really does
it's pretty funny but it is missing the
actual dollar sign because that's an ads
but it's closer original this no it all
went away a blood pressure was nine
hundred over ten so I don't know what oh
man guys waiting on the doctor and I'm
getting out of here
yes this was like a very quickness that
was great I've been here for five
seconds I know I'm falling long as a
wife Michael you need help okay
well you good waiting on the nurse let's
go see my dad just got back to the house
you guys in a second I'm gonna record
something very important that you all
need to hear my brother has been doing
this again and thinking that he has the
power to be Kurt Cobain man and take
down my channel he says that when our
father dies you guys aren't gonna watch
us anymore anyway and you know what I
expect a lot of people don't subscribe
and that happens because you subscribe
for grandpa and I know that and I
respect that however we're not gonna go
crashing down because him and I'm gonna
respond to all that in just a few
minutes but guys first today wasn't the
best day yesterday was so good and I'm
so grateful that we had it actually haha
I'm so grateful that we all got to talk
yesterday and joke today he isn't really
talking again
they had Lego like I said the other day
behind us take him off that blood
pressure medicine or put him back on it
because his blood pressure was getting
too low but actually now it's starting
to get too high on that medicine so that
might be a good
right only time will tell the ammonia
levels are starting to drop it'sjust he
wasn't talking and then he was sleeping
and so I left because I had a lot of
stuff to do and that I had to walk away
I couldn't see him like that it hurts me
he was sleeping and he looked so I had
to walk away we're gonna be going back
in a minute
I just want an update you guys that's
what's going on he's still at the
hospital obviously he's not talking but
his blood pressure is starting to look a
lot better and that's one of the biggest
hurdles that we got his blood pressure
was so out of control because he had the
infection so guys that's what's
happening let's address something real
quick something very important let's go
to that kitchen and talk we're going
back to the hospital in a few minutes
you guys but first I had to do something
important I don't know that I had to do
it I don't think you should I don't have
to you've already done it
I know we've already done this Bridget
but at this point I want to laugh at it
because it started to take a whimsical
approach and I have to address it okay
as humorously as I'm able to because I'm
very angry about some of the stuff that
he said last night so before we get into
it you guys I'm gonna take you back to
yesterday so if you didn't see the vlog
be uploaded two days ago I said in the
vlog them we would not keep my brother
from seeing her father you know he made
video saying that he was sorry for
everything that he did to him you know
all he wanted to do was making amends
and I said you know I you know I don't
have the power to keep him it's not my
decision to make
you know to prove that that's true we
asked that if you wanted to see two
people the first one was my brother see
after I uploaded the video I was like
yeah come on down I uploaded the video
and dad wakes up and I was like hey Dad
you know your son is coming to see you
today and he gave me this look like
disbelief and he said I told you no and
I said dad you he's on his way now and
he
look at Jennifer and he said get him on
the phone and he was clear dude you got
lassic you didn't see yesterday's video
he was talking he was he asked Lauren to
marry him
right like he was there yesterday yeah
and he said get him on the phone
clear as day so Jennifer calls him and
he's doing this crying thing and he was
like dad I'm on my way to see you and
dad said listen don't come to see me I
love you you have your own life to live
don't come and see me and it was like
okay but you know I'm sorry for
everything that I said you know I'm
sorry if I put you through anything
while you were alive I'm so sorry and it
was I thought kind of a real moment was
he okay he was able to get that closure
at least on the phone because dad
doesn't want to see you
and that was it okay I love you goodbye
and I thought was it okay at least he
got to do that I wanted dad to change
his mind and let him come and visit but
it's not my decision after we asked him
on him I said hey what about Tina
you guys remember Tina we have our
problems right yeah
things went to court right things got
serious but that's again not my decision
he said yes he wanted to see Tina
so yesterday Tina came down to the
hospital and we all had lunch together
and we all hung out and joked and
laughed with Grandpa and it was actually
a really good visit it was and it was up
to me I would have said maybe not but
it's not up to me it's up to him yeah so
he said yes to her and no to him and
that blew him up there he did not like
that so my brother used that as an
excuse to get wasted and blow up on
Facebook about our whole family last
night and it was it was a big explosion
you guys he was so angry so angry that
he's trying to say that he was hacked
which is what he does
yeah he all he's always hacked it's
always someone else it's always me he
got hacked no what you said was one of
the most horrible things you said yeah
after your dad told you no you posted on
your face
account you couldn't wait for him to die
and that's where I was like it's
disgusting he's out of my life forever
it's disgusting it's absolutely
disgusting viv is that officially gross
he is officially the most disgusting
human being that I've ever seen in my
life and I was like you know what
washing my hands with them
I'm absolutely finished and I saw one
run in his mouth and people started
sending me some of the stuff that he was
saying and I'm gonna dress it for all of
you right now and the reason I'm
addressing it right now is because if
something was to happen to that
god forbid soon I won't have the
strength to do it afterwards because his
plan is to wait until dad dies or as he
called it my cash cow and when his cash
cow dies he's my cash cow he's our
Father
yes my father and we love him a lot and
we want him to get better
and it's disgusting to say that so when
he says when his cash cow dies he's
gonna do a tell-all interview and he's
gonna bring our channel down in flames
because he thinks he still got that Kurt
Cobain swag he still thinks he for
Cobain he's more like Tupac all eyes on
me
you're not like too far okay when my dad
dies I'm gonna tear their channel down
and they'll be nothing and this is what
I'm gonna say well guess what do you let
me respond to every allegation that
you're about to make I cannot believe
you're doing this again I have to do it
again I know because I'm not gonna be
able to act or any case this time we can
it's really embarrassing at the spa I'm
over it at this point you know back when
he was living with us he was like yeah
man you know do it YouTube dude right
now you for YouTube was like world
combat you're gonna mean you know you
got to keep going up and battling new
people and I'm at the top of the final
boss no you dumb you got no power
you've even got a YouTube channel
anymore you're you're at the top of the
master you're the funny boss okay let's
do this so the first thing that he's
gonna say is that dad molested a family
member let's just say it straight up he
always turns to sexual assault and I'm
gonna tell you why he turns to sexual
assault number one you say our Father
been less than a family member bind to
charge find a charge are you're gonna
end up getting sued of course what can I
see you for a bought the tent that's the
first thing that's his first allegation
and you guys know damn well that that is
absolutely false and there's a reason he
can't find the allegation but there's
also a reason why he's saying and I'm
gonna let you guys know right now so if
you haven't been following he loves to
use the R word and I don't want to say
because this discussion yeah it's not
but you guys know our time you know
we're talking about you said about
Isaac's wife and kids he was like yeah
I'm gonna blame the wife and kids one of
her close family members he said he's
gonna flank her daughter he told me if
his own daughter was bled by a Mexican
he would laugh about it he said this
about Isaac he said this about family he
said this about friends
why does he always turn to sexual
assault why does he always hurt to end
the reason he's doing it is because he
was accused of it by his own sisters you
can't turn and make everyone think it's
everybody else so they forget that you
were accused me and your sister cried
together last
not just about your father but about
what you did or what she says you did to
her is so vital that I can't repeat it
but what you did here sister and then
you went on dramaalert you were like
yeah man she was asking for it
no she wasn't bro that she was million
years old that's a mental problem that's
a mental problem you're disgusting don't
blame other people for what you did
you're the one the allegation was made
against nice try number two he's gonna
say that Bridget was underage when we
started to get when we started dating
and I told you guys myself Bridget was
16 years old I was 21 years old and we
started dating you were absolutely right
Bridget was 16 years old and I didn't
know it he's gonna say I did know it
whatever where's your proof I had no
clue that bridge was the eight she says
she's a liar okay
date you however I don't care she was 15
we're going on ten years together I'm
eventually gonna marry her my father
cried in my hands and said he loves that
I have Bridget you know what so am I so
the guts of the relationship that
started when she was 15 so be it
it was 16 she's the love of my life I'm
gonna marry her one day and you have
nobody allegation number three that we
have paid homeless people again he said
we were gonna be paying homeless people
to fight each other on the streets okay
you saw that in the Internet in 2001 it
was called bum fighting okay nice try
number four that I had a relationship
with Bella
then he forgot he excuse Bridgette to
having a relationship with Clyde why yes
he thinks we were both having a
concubine situation our animals there's
so many faceless he said there's so many
baseless allegations then I'm just going
to go to the last one and the one that
makes me the angriest he said that I
shoved my father in a trailer and bought
myself a mansion and I've seen other
people say that too which is why I
wanted to save that for last one thing
we've never talked about on YouTube his
money is money and there's a very good
reason for it number one dad doesn't
want people to know he makes money okay
dad is an old type fashioned type of guy
where he thinks that people smell money
thing gonna come looking for it and he
doesn't want no one to know he's right
he just definitely is right about that
he thinks people are gonna be like oh
man can I have a little bit of money in
my brother's case he's probably right
yeah so he didn't want anybody to know
money that he was making money that was
coming in or going out guys I'm here to
let you know once a month YouTube pays
out and every month I take half of that
money at first I put up a little bit for
taxes because you got to pay taxes on
YouTube then I take half of it and I put
it in a savings account and then I take
half and they give it to dad every month
every month and that's because of you
guys through you guys my dad if
something happens and I don't think
about that the last years of his life he
didn't have to spend in poverty because
of you guys for watching watching the
videos and the vlogs and that I can't
thank you enough for he didn't spend it
in poverty and I was so happy about that
so I took my half
I give him half I take my hat and I
saved up a hundred and twenty five
thousand dollars and I take it and I
bought him a house with my part of the
money I took my part of the money and I
bought him his dream car I pay his bills
I buy his food so he doesn't have to
worry about anything and he hasn't
for the last four years he hasn't had to
worry about a bill he hasn't had to
worry about food he hasn't had to worry
about paying the rent because he owns
his house and he owns his vehicles
because I bought it for him and you've
done nothing except be a thorn in his
side and make accusations about him and
make him fear that that money that he
gets that keeps him protected is gonna
disappear he's like Oh God you can say
anything on the internet and get away
with it he's gonna cost my livelihood to
end and I'm so upset at that last year
he's like he had to fear that okay and I
said dad I got savings
I have money put away he can't take
nothing from you you are set for the
rest of your life and he absolutely is
so I took my hat and I bought on the
house then I took what I saved for me
and I put it down on this house it might
not allowed to buy myself something this
house isn't paid on I'm gonna be paying
for this house for the rest of my life
if dad didn't want that house he made as
much money as I did he had just the same
opportunity to move but he did it
because he loved that house we cried and
held each other because he loved that
house so much because it meant so much
to him because the man he never had to
pay rent again guess what he helped me
and cried recently too you want to know
why he was upset he wasn't upset that
he's in the hospital and he said he
accepts that he knows that he
understands that he was upset that his
name has to die out with you he looked
at me said I wish I named you after me
instead of him and dad I wish that too
because I would have carried on your
legacy I would have carried on that name
so there's your allegations your father
is a molester find the proof
Bridget was 14 13 however you want to
say find the proof I was probably ten or
something it doesn't matter
I have relationship with my dog prove it
we film homeless people fight prove it I
sunk my dad and a trailer while I lived
the good life I bought my father a house
that he loved and you've done nothing
for nobody this is the last time I talk
about you I'm done with it this is it
say whatever you want whatever
allegations you can come up with next
you've got to work a little harder than
what you've been saying now go get in
your tent go set it up behind a Waffle
House or whatever it is you can find
scraps to eat on because you can't
afford your own meals set up the tent
get out your notebook and start plotting
what you're gonna do because those
allegations mayn't gonna work in the
next ones I didn't even go to respond to
you're not worth the time you guys
wanted a little bit of drama I responded
to his allegations I slammed him in his
own face and I'm sick of talking about
it you've got beef you know where I live
boy
you
