what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and I've been noticing a lot
lately
that people have been asking me what my
top five movies are and you know I've
been getting it on Facebook and Twitter
and in the comments and people have been
deeming it to me so I decided today I'm
gonna give you what my top five movies
are now I'm actually gonna give you my
top ten but the first five I'm just
gonna run through and tell you with my
the bottom half of my top ten looks like
number ten Eternal Sunshine of the
spotless mind number nine punch-drunk
love number eight the Shawshank
Redemption
number seven The Royal Tenenbaums and
number six The Lion King now that is a
quick run-through of the first half of
my top ten list which takes us down to
my bottom five and I will tell you now
my top five favorite movies of all time
starting with number five number five in
my top five favorite movies is American
History X and the light just went off
let me fix that wait was there light now
if you've never seen American History X
first of all spoilers ahead the movie is
about a white supremacist who goes to
prison for the murder of two black men
who were trying to break into his truck
and he gets excessive with his force he
kills them and he goes to jail which
changes him from a white supremacist to
actually having his eyes open and seeing
what the world is about and when he gets
out of prison he sees that his brother
is following in the footsteps that he
had before he went to prison and he
wants everything that he can to stop him
from becoming what he was the movies
controversial it's well written it's
well acted it's just amazing and this
number five in my top 5 movies number
four Rushmore Rushmore is about this
student named Max Fisher who goes to
this prestigious you know private school
called Rushmore Academy he got there on
a riding scholarship because you know he
can write some amazing plays and so he
went there you know at an early age
because
of his writing abilities and while he's
there he falls in love with a teacher
Max has taken under the wing of a man
named Herman Blume who has some twin
boys who also go to the school with Max
and Herman Blume falls in love with the
teacher and watch Rushmore it's amazing
fitting for my number four on my top
five favorite movies list now number
three on my list of top 5 favorite
movies
there's Clyde let's say something Clyde
anyway ok number 5 on my list of top 5
favorite weight number 5 number 3 on my
list of top 5 favorite movies is a movie
a lot of people hated they still hate it
a lot of people don't get it
a lot of people say that it's stupid
that it's not funny that it's just a
mess of a movie but I could not disagree
more I think it's one of the most
brilliant comedies ever written I think
that it's amazing from the first scene
of the movie till the final frame of the
movie I think it's just seriously an
amazing motion picture yes I just said
motion picture that movie is funny
people
now funny people is a movie about an
actor by the name of George Simmons
played by Adam Sandler whom I hate I had
to throw that in there George Simmons is
diagnosed with some rare form of cancer
and with fate staring him in the face he
decides to take backup and stand-up
comedy and try to get back out there and
make people laugh again before he's gone
and the movie is so emotional and
realistic and well written that to me
it's one of the best comedies ever and I
personally don't know any comedy that I
like any more than that movie and a lot
of people say oh you know 40 year old
virgin I love that movie you got
anchorman you've got all kinds of stuff
but this movie to me is as good as it
gets when it comes to you know my humor
that movie is exactly the type of stuff
that makes me laugh
and it's my number three now number two
on my list of top two favorite movies or
I could say the top five favorite movies
but the second movie on my top two is
that is calling me hello hey yes I
cooked hot dogs
you're challenging me to throw down you
invented the biscuit did you okay calm
down I never said you sitting cooked
okay I accept but I did accept so that
doesn't matter does it
I'm recording this so you know I am well
I got it now anyway so my number two
movie is Goodfellas now if you've never
seen Goodfellas and I can't imagine that
you haven't it's about a guy named Henry
Hill who starts as a child working his
way up from being just this average Joe
into a small-time gangster
you know performing little robberies
here and there until he finds out about
this bigger job
and the bigger job turned out to be I
don't know if it still stands today or
not but at the time you know one of the
biggest heist in American history and
all of a sudden everybody in the job
start dying off one by one by one by one
until it's only him and you know and the
other guy left anyway the movie is about
his life is a gangster it's about who's
gonna tell them who and it's it's
brilliant
you know it's one of Martin Scorsese's
best movies of all time I would say it
is his best movie because he's not
number one
so Goodfellas now my number one all-time
favorite movie is what it comes down to
and I couldn't think of anything else to
put for number one
except Pulp Fiction now Pulp Fiction is
one of the most brilliant movies ever
written and it's all in the dialogue
that's that's what sells me in it is
it's the talking it's so good and in
fluent and it just grips you in pop
fiction is presented to you out of
sequence and so you can see something
that's gonna happen you know at the end
of the movie at the beginning of the
movie and vice versa you know by the end
of the movie there's one character
that's dead that you're seeing them at
the end of the movie so pulp fiction is
brilliant
it's Quentin Tarantino's masterpiece and
he's got a lot of good movies and
glorious bastards and Django Unchained
and you know this dude is a brilliant
writer one of the greatest of all time
so gotta give it up to quit and
Tarantino and pulp fiction is my number
one favorite movie of all time
so to recap will my top 10 favorite
movies of all time are Eternal Sunshine
of the spotless mind Punch Drunk Love
Shawshank Redemption The Royal
Tenenbaums The Lion King American
History X Rushmore funny people
Goodfellas and Pulp Fiction my top ten
favorite movies of all time now if you
think of anything that you think maybe I
should check out post it in the comments
you know I'll check it out but to me
those are my top ten favorite movies of
all time
