what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here and a lot of you you've been
asking me where the cooking videos are
how come I haven't cooked anything in
the new house yet so I'm going to today
I'm going to cook something that I
hadn't hooked that I hadn't cooked in a
while hot dogs and I'm cooking them a
little differently than you're used to
seeing check it out the first step of
your hot dogs
I got Hoffman's German brand Franks and
natural casing now these are the brand
of hot dogs use it hides of Liverpool
and I've also got there are snapper
grillers which is their Kony's these are
a white Coney now I'm going to cook
these both in the same pan today and
here's how I'm going to do it now these
actually smell good here they are these
are not like your typical Oscar Meyer so
there we go we have the Kony's and the
friends in the same pan now then the
first thing I'm going to do is we'll put
in some onion and the next step is
boiling these hot dogs and Heineken now
these aren't going to be boiled actually
I know I just said that but I'm not
going to be boiling them I'm going to
sit there and slow cook them in it
boiling would consist of a fast boil
this is going to be a very slow process
I'm also going to add a little chicken
stock now while those hot dogs cook I'm
gonna start my chili starting off with a
pound this is probably a little over a
pound 1.26 but i'ma go with it a fresh
ground meat ground beef ground meat so
there's a little over a pound of ground
beef to that I'm going to be adding 1/3
a cup of water now while this cooks I'm
just going to smash up the meat with a
potato Smasher because I want this meat
to break apart really well so we're
doing two and a half teaspoons of chili
powder half a teaspoon of salt half a
teaspoon of black pepper 1/2 a teaspoon
of white sugar half a teaspoon of onion
powder a dash of wish' sure
half a can of tomato sauce about five
ounces in half a cup ketchup and that is
everything for our chili recipe you're
just going to cook this together this
right here is what we end up with it is
a homemade chili sauce hot dogs okay so
I'm checking these hot dogs oh yeah it
is time for the next step buddy these
have now fully cooked in this don't need
the broth anymore
I'm going to drain it careful we're
doing this all we're getting rid of is
that broth keeping all the onions and
the hot dogs now we got that toss in a
little bit of butter and we're just
going to saute these up so I boiled them
in heineken chicken broth and onions and
then after they're boiled I sit here and
I saut√© them in butter I'm going to
give a little bit of brown to them as
you can see I've got a bun inside here
just steaming it's going to heat up a
minute and then I'm gonna make myself a
hot dog the homemade chili we have some
homemade fries going but those are not
how many prime was our bag fries I
apologize
however you get some homemade yeah this
is an ice cream scooper I'm putting the
chili on with I like my hot dogs with
just chili and mustard boom
chili dog with homemade chili hides dogs
let's try this quite certainly the best
hot dog I have ever made choosing those
hoffmann dogs it has that snap try it
again
delicious
