what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here and a long time ago I don't
even remember how long ago it was I told
you guys that I had a video of me being
banned from trailwood trailer park the
reason I was no longer allowed to go
back on the property they called the
police on me and etcetera so I'm gonna
show you the video now I've never shown
anybody before I just decided I wasn't
going to upload it it was too much shit
but I'm allowed to so I'm gonna upload
it here you go this is the reason I was
banned from trailwood we are we were in
the area and we decided to pay a trip to
the trailer park what does that say
don't touch no touch my thing
this is so sad you know if this place is
never gonna be sold
I would so live here it was you know say
what you want about I owe to you boy it
was a good trailer park honestly this is
the best place to be for like location
in North Charleston it's the best so I
want to thank the Truluck family for
throwing all these people out and I
understand I seen the comet so it's lots
of money yeah and you're right it is but
it's still sad that you know people just
abandon these places look at that
I remember the family who lived there
there were nice people Wow look over
there so right here in this area behind
me is where all the a grandpa videos
were filmed the old months right here
Christmas tree came right around there
dad through it this was a kitchen dad's
room
my bedroom
he's got tore away so this is pickle boy
saying to buy the trailwood me too I'm
so hard frozen
you know we lived here for 25 years
my grandma owned the trailer before us
she died my grandfather owned it and he
died in the trailer and so we moved in
because my mom didn't want the trailer
to leave the family and so we moved in
and I guess I had to leave the family so
you
get away from my Clark get off of my
property I'm calling the police now okay
out of the park and do not ever come
back we've been kicked out by whoever
she works for the true looks for now
who's been kicked out so this was once
we're gonna no we're gonna stay yes
we're gonna say big arrest me so we've
been kicked off we're not going to leave
because the cops are coming so we're
gonna stay for that yes yes we didn't
realize that but we're going to wait for
the cops anyway because you because
we're not going to abandon while the
cops are coming so the cops are coming
so we got to wait now what what have we
done that's not that's not our fault we
we were being kicked out of our home
we still adapt when we were kicked out
Hey
this right here is not near you but you
called the police we have to say because
the police are coming so we're not
leaving and we're not going to go to
jail either who did we screw over lady
we sold you for 500 bucks
well you were told a lie we got 500
bucks and a good buy so who else was
kicked out well when we passed through
the neighborhood the first time we saw
about 50 trailers and that side gone we
saw all these other trailers gone looks
like Hurricane Katrina I'm a call to
please myself I'm sorry this one's kind
of low can you repeat that oh okay I'm
sorry
my old trailer and the lady came up and
started yelling at us
telling us to get the fuck out the
property and so we were going to leave
within Chinooks a call the police so I
didn't know if we should leave what we
should wait for a cop or what I mean I
don't want to I don't want to just leave
and all of a sudden we've like abandoned
some sort of crime scene we go to jail
for that I don't know how you know I
don't know the law is here yes sir
oh yeah 54:33 strings
UGK won't call me a jackass up this is
where we used to live and we got kicked
out no it's not an apartment it's a
trailer park and she's yelling more
stuff at us right now
oh I'm not worried about mom about when
they keep recording keep recording it's
our it's our duty go ahead hey sure yes
hold it
keep filming it's not against the law to
film
so that's it that's the reason I was
banned from trailwood and there's the
video so like subscribe favorite and not
going back to tread would not allowed to
go by the trailhead is not even
trailwood anymore it's all blocked up
now but this is before all that happened
anyway
see you guys
