so dad was telling what he says is his
favorite Thanksgiving memory and it made
me think about my favorite Thanksgiving
memory now mom and dad when they were
married that a horrible relationship
that it was just all because of that we
got that bill you had a whore birthday
Saul you know we're going to field how
about the videos on film of you break
into each other's shit and screaming at
each other and that's on film so they
had a horrible relationship they fought
all the time they separate a couple
times a year maybe four or five times a
year they would separate he'd bring a
bath better talk yes I'm leaving go to
Charleston take the car who goes to
about how she got the damn car at the
bus station that's that's another tight
another story found another story
so mom gets a wild hair / ass about
three days before Thanksgiving she cuz
she wants to move to Charleston she
wants to go home to Charleston this war
family we live in Charleston now so mom
eventually did win but we lived in
Columbia at the time and mom was like oh
I'm leaving I'm going home so mom leaves
the whole family she takes our sisters
with her or just countif kid yeah what
are you wonder do she took yes you want
us we weren't loved but she took my
sister Kim and she left the rest of us
and yes she loved us so I first of all I
remember it was really it was a sad kind
of thing but we had to we had to
continue so we decided we weren't we
were we were planning our own
Thanksgiving and we decided not to do it
we decided to go to my grandma's house
for Thanksgiving was turned out to be
the best decision because that bitch and
I look good I don't want to call her
bitch when that bitch cook cook that
bitch could cook did you call my mom a
bitch
whoa I'm not calling her a bitch I'm
it's a phrase that bitch could cook so
she hooks us up man first of all she
made a baked macaroni
nominator what if your grandma was a
bitch of what your mom an agent well
girl was a bitch you watch we'll do that
that's another story that's not
day so I'm going on over there GABA so
let's see peanut butter jelly time I
like it sound like a rap song so peanut
butter jelly peanut butter jelly time
peanut butter jelly time we're at where
I love every feet above the jelly die
peanut butter jelly time where that
where that is
I'm sorry my go ahead Jesus I added a
moment so we got his mom's house and she
fucking oh she she gave us a banquet to
remember what are you doing it's nothing
I talked a little bit about that dinner
she cooked us man oh my god that bird
was so sweet it was like one of the ones
you see on TV dude it was golden brown
and in that astral ham
she made a spiral that's right he's
fired it herself and her dressing but to
die for I wish I could do that oh oh oh
and the sweet potato souffle with sweet
taters I got a hot mess
mmm she would have got him wash throw
that milk sway the green bean casseroles
macaroon
she made homemade rolls now when she
made she made bread Oh enjoyed me to
those bread for Thanksgiving dinner and
they would make me she she would make
them she had like three or four bread
makers and she was set all of them up on
the counter and she would make it where
the bread would finish when Thanksgiving
dinner was ready and so she would take
out this fresh hot crispy loaf of bread
and we'd have fresh well not me you
you've you it's funny well I'm coming
dance at peanut butter jelly time yeah I
love that so talk about that Brad dude
uh her bread she called him angel
biscuits that's different
she made bread to an angel biscuits well
whatever they were all good mmm mmm
remember the night before Thanksgiving
when she'd made us oh no I need you
think you threw up all goddamn that was
nothing for Christmas oh she made
breakfast castle
all oh it was this like big bake with a
sausage yeah
it was disgusting we liked it awesome I
probably would like it now but she make
a special dinner and be light but we
said there we talk all night long
eat that nice fabric on and something
about who dies we demoted out there
there was something about that
Thanksgiving that it sticks out to me
and she didn't a Swasey it was out the
woods it was go I was guy over the river
into the woods to grandmother's house we
go the middle way to carry this later
the wind and drifting snow I remember
she made all this food she made all this
desserts and then after we got dark we
put a fire in the fireplace and we had
hot cocoa and marshmallows and we
watched it on T there was just a good
Thanksgiving was it not fuck you it was
a really good man we should have for a
missive days
