so we lived in a house in Summerville uh
what was that longleaf yeah that's a
Gris
Sangre in Summerville longleaf Road we
had this house and all of a sudden we
started hearing in the roof it was like
it sounded like squirrels were fighting
in the roof and one day I remember I was
sitting on the computer it was about 3
o'clock in the morning dad had this like
computer it was like this fucking big it
was a goddamn freaking 60-inch computer
monitor and I was sitting on it and next
thing you know I heard I look over
across the room I see the blinds they
were going just shaking and next thing
you know I saw a fucking rack how big
would you said I was that they had
without tail right without deal it was
some of the biggest rat I've ever seen
in my fucking life right
and it claw it was climbing up the
curtains it is gone
and it just drops and I fucking lost my
shit I got dad up
definitely no garden right that was
still in denial and so at this point dad
would keep his coffee shit at the top
top cabinet next to the stove and that
opens it up when he opens it up there's
this fucking giant ass rat looking about
worried about father about wait about 5
L it was a huge rat and dad opens and it
was like screeching up dad screamed
ah slams the cabinet door takes off
running we had to call people they came
over to look at her house we were
infested with rats and what mice it
ain't like we saw some big mice they
were rat and they went out we moved
after that because the rats were so
severe now it was a nice house that I
was so scared of the riots that he moved
and they were serious evil rats and they
came out whenever they wanted they were
one time we were watching TV watching
The Sopranos fucking rat just walks
across the living room floor walks
across from us not caring that we're
there that's when the moment we realized
they took over that's the moment we
realized we have dangerous evil rats and
they were shitting everywhere and we had
to move
even brother now how would you feel if I
got you in festival rats again I'd beat
I kill you you would not kill me my god
I'm telling you I would
I'm had to find out you go to thought
that I could be dead by the end of this
month because I'm getting a ride over
here and you're gonna get her or a snake
you're gonna get her a Python you're
gonna get hurt what I'm probably a ball
python you go winner I wouldn't do
today's gonna be dead you go be by the
haunted
