we're on our way so I guess you lost
them like yeah you're Peters back hey
guys wait with the wires we're all the
water that's a good question ain't it
well I'm pissed all in the microwave I
don't want my candy
I gotta go hang out Katie in my house
now
no you go get mine no I'm not dead your
candies in people's stomachs right now
did he give me any for you J yo right J
she was beating on your door extra hard
you beating my heart
I guess trick trees over I'll say nobody
walking the streets thank god they're
probably in a better neighborhood
getting real candy I'm gonna find me a
better neighborhood
I heard the fins did you hear it I hear
talking
all right that's it cool
who's your band one better at least well
from 1100 bucks it better be least an
eight I got I always more hundred more
dollars I gotta have it in two weeks so
let me give it to you no I don't want
your money so you really just be
indebted to JD by Ryder I'll be indebted
JD by Ryder so they charged you yep hmm
okay I keep hearing the fence over there
well you might hear it but TV well I'm
going in I've had it for a night you've
ruined it
you've ruined Halloween for me get out
of my goddamn York now goodbye what
you're not coming in my house are you
joking there's your date
get on four there's not be planning
anything still report not with this
noise out you're not coming in my house
there's too much noise out here I'm
coming out don't you you're not come out
let me the fuck and Adam skate or not
coming here what it's a fucking killer
or something
goodbye bike I'll be get goodbye no no
say you're not forcing me to you're not
coming here let me stay
goodbye like yeah see apartment not go
on pop for real
dad let me in so the prank kind of got
out of hand it's what happens all I did
was say hey here's a general idea of
what we're going to be doing without a
full plan and I guess they took
liberties I hadn't anticipated for so
happy Halloween dad I'm scared actually
and right now
Bridget is at her mom's so I'm gonna get
in here
like subscribe favorite
all right see you guys
