what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and today I wanted to do a
review on the brand new M&M CB the
Marshall Mathers LP 2 now if you're not
familiar which I would say if you're not
familiar with them and them but I assume
you are but if you were if you didn't
know mmm has made a follow-up to his
Marshall Mathers LP album now a lot of
people are you know it's not a sequel
it's not like it's not a direct sequel
it's just like a revisit a revisitation
to the old album so the CD leaked out
today thanks to culo from studio leaked
info and I hope I'm saying his name
right apologies if I'm not if you're not
sure who culo is or studio leaks that
info is it is a forum cool oh is the guy
who leaked all of those Eminem songs
back in 2011 like difficult and the
Apple and oh no and just tons of
unreleased Eminem stuff he leaked out so
this guy is responsible for the leak
today this guy's been busting his ass
all week to get the CD for us and he did
so shout-out to him appreciate it
and now to the review so after hearing
songs like survival in berserk which
berserk isn't a horrible song but it's
not like an awesome song but you know
after hearing shit like that and hearing
like his features on other people's
stuff I was really worried about this CD
actually being good first of all
renaming it the Marshall Mathers LP 2
was bold because that's you know
arguably his best CD having said that
it's a fitting title this CD is
absolutely amazing I recommend everybody
going out to buy it if you download the
leaked still support Eminem support the
music and go buy the CD because it's
worth actually owning this I'm not gonna
review every song but I am gonna talk
about a specific view the first being
the very first track on the CD bad guy
now it didn't register with me on the
first listen that bad guy is actually a
sequel to stand from the Marshall
Mathers LP
bad-guy being about stands brother
Matthew growing up and kidnapping him
and him and killing him and the song is
seven minutes of Eminem just fucking
killing it it has a lot of good lines he
goes back to that stand character it's
just me you and the music slim I hope
you hear it we're in the car right now
oh wait here comes my favorite lyric the
next songs that I would point out would
be legacy which is a song about Eminem
as a kid and growing up and realizing
that he could rap and realizing what he
was going to grow up to become so legacy
is a must listen you know bad guy I
would give a 10 out of a 10
honestly legacy I would give a 9 out of
a 10 and the next song is my next 10 out
of 10 it's gonna be shaky a lot of other
people it's not for everybody because he
sings the entire time
it's called stronger than I was and I'm
not sure who he's singing to it could be
Kim whoever it is he's singing to a past
relationship with somebody that just
abandoned him when he needed him the
most
they just ditched out on him and it
crushed him and now that he's stronger
than he was then he can say fuck off
however nothing can touch the best song
on the album which to me now goes in the
top five Eminem songs completely
headlights headlights features vocals by
the Duke from fun I don't know his name
was like nate ruess roofs rust i don't
know how to pronounce it that
motherfucker he sings the chorus on this
song and he fucking kills it Eminem
kills it on this personal just amazing
song that he's writing apologizing to
his mom for all the hate and all the
hurt and all the songs and all the pain
and that right there that song man took
the CD to a new level and it it made it
it's a classic Eminem song if you have
not heard headlights go out of your way
to hear it go out of your way to hear
the whole album dude sign up the studio
leaked stock info get 25 posts and go to
the download section down
this CD is head over heels above
recovery relapse encore it's definitely
in there I'm you know I'm hung up on the
positioning of my top you know Eminem
albums it's just an amazing CD listen to
it support the artist and buy it and
that's it like subscribe favorite see
you tomorrow night for Halloween I'm
gonna go to grandpa's house and he's
gonna give it a lot of trick-or-treaters
tomorrow night
