this is crazy yeah look at that man so
these did a good job
his name is Danny he made dad a comic
book it's good man really it's so sad
whining a Pepsi you've got 30 minutes
later oh it's very very cool god this is
really neat this really is something
cool nobody posted about you want a
plunger right there yeah got Andy
Bradley a plunger fuck you guessing who
the hell was to make a comment
hey I ain't gonna ask that gun-running
gonna and he sends a whole letter right
there yes little letter I saw there
wasn't his number was in this one yeah
but we don't gonna film that you should
call him I'm good you know I think I
will
can you dial it for me yeah well god
bless star 76 fuck you what's the name
Danny I'm talking on the phone Danny
this is grandpa I was calling you to
talk to you about this comic book
absolutely fantastic man you did a great
job
just leave the message you can call him
Bob I'll call you back
kids scaling the fence over there are
you the one to goddamn tree hey Danny
this grandpa man I got your comment man
I freakin love it yeah I came yesterday
and Mike and I were looking through it
laughs and then
this is hilarious you just you put some
time in that man I mean this is really
awesome that we're recording you right
now
but we have we we got it man that
Michael Michael eager let me keep it
Michael's taking it I had cuz you will
destroy I wouldn't do it got anything we
leave it up on me for going on you got a
home go do it anyway they want to thank
you man
I always give good advice well do you
need me again you let me know alright
alright Danny take care brother
bye-bye that's nice it's awesome yagi
advice a while back into work form so
for those of you who are wondering the
reason I'm keeping the comic and I'm not
keeping it from forming I'm keeping it
safe from dad because I know dad this
thing will end up in the crosshairs or
one of his table flipping 'he's you want
to be used up that's all it's not true
that's a rhino why here why you could
call man like subscribe favorite name
thanks for the comic Danny yeah Danny
thank you a lot
