what's going on you guys kymmie on a
camera here but to us here right there
and today is Friday today is Friday and
you guys today once again we're gonna be
going back to the hospital it's it's
it's a lot more of the same well they're
seeing this on Saturday I think yeah
so for you guys it's Saturday but this
was yesterday today is Saturday and
today it's more of the same we're going
to the hospital hopefully we get some
better news
I really hope yes I do to Bridget you
know it's been nothing but bad news
every day yesterday we went to the
hospital think it was all gonna be good
and totally deflated again bad news
things aren't working out you know I
could use some good news folks I know I
could reel it seriously I could use it
so guys today is Saturday today we're
going to the hospital and I could use
some I could use a bright spot I'll be
honest with you guys thank you for
everything all the support I know these
vlogs have been like just talking but
you guys been watching it and showing
your support so thank you guys so much I
want to say something else real quick
that I said in the beginning a
yesterday's vlog you know somebody
started the idea of getting grandpa's
corner to 1 million subscribers and man
I think that would be amazing if you
guys could get as close as possible that
would be so awesome you guys the link is
below you guys overwhelmed me with the
subscribers yesterday that was amazing
thank you so much guys go subscribe it
would mean everything let's start this
day sitting here in the hospital right
now you guys with Jennifer Kim Bridget I
don't know why I introduced everybody
but I did it anyway guys hi guys my name
is Bridget and I sitting here okay I got
to do this scene sitting
we're sitting here at the hospital guys
today is so much better than yesterday
he's actually talking like these have
been having conversations with us and I
am so thankful for that I really wanted
that
guys we really over anything else
wanting to carry a conversation we knew
he was coherent with and he's been
talking to us about everything the kind
of wheelchair he wants when he gets home
how much it costs
yeah there's no pain for it so guys
we're sitting here with that he's having
a conversation they're smoking actually
I'm sorry can I point something out
no smoking in this area what you can't
smoke that's oxygen oh boy garrison
she's going to smoke at you fake
alright I'll move we moved it's really
good so far today I know you sitting
maybe spider-man Oh Peter Parker do you
laugh during my clever joke it's a Peter
parkour come-ons good right good anyway
guys we're just chilling ones that
they're talking with them right now yeah
having a good time guys really good
talking to low talking with you dad
yeah what's that yeah yeah no smoking
we're going back up is is it a truck
backing up or an alarm I don't know I
think it's no one
we're leaving the hospital right now you
guys are actually gonna be coming back
in a little bit for another hour but
visiting hours is about to be over right
now but you know we break the rules
right yeah we break all the rules
remember that sign right so anyway
Jesse's like what are you pointing to me
for so guys today was a great day yes
progress on so many levels today was a
great day we're gonna get into that just
a few minutes we're gonna talk about it
we got some huge news it was it was one
of those moments should have been in a
movie but guys before we get into all
that dad was talkative we were having
conversations with him like it was
really crazy he was just he was talking
about treatment options and he got some
physical therapy and he got to you know
lean against the side of the bed and he
was moving his legs and that stuff
hasn't happened to so long that I don't
think it would ever happen yes very nice
to see and talking to him meant so much
because that's all I've been thinking
about since yeah here since you got here
the only thing that I was thinking about
is are we ever gonna at least be able to
have a conversation with him again and
boy did did that happen today
he was talking about everything and it
was amazing and guys it was just great
day I was hoping I could have had some
good news and even if it's a fluke today
was a great day and I and I really do
appreciate it we got some good news to
talk about just a minute you guys first
and then we got to wait on Kim dude this
is so like satisfying it look satisfying
I kind of want to try it
this is awesome really cool you guys
Jacob walked into grandpa's room and he
had like a thousand angry grandpa
wristbands fight who expect it back yeah
and he's been given unto random people
yeah he's just walking around fight a
cheapy fight and it gives it to him it's
been awesome so that was really cool
right now dad is out I can't talk Jacob
was actually laying in grandpa's arms
and it was really adorable to see it was
I can't use these things use it yes I do
Iraq although stresses go away it's like
there's no stress at all anymore yeah
you see through that or this hey guys
I'm just holding it for her vices okay
yeah because they don't know you smoke
because they haven't seen your whole
area with like six million cigarettes
kids don't do what I just did it's
horrible you do not look good smoking
now look who the cool smoker no hey kids
you'll talk like this if you smoke don't
do it do it that's right you better not
do it oh good what do you mean you don't
like it you've tried one no I hate
stickers I hate oh god yeah I was gonna
say I don't do these I'm holding it for
bridge you never do them you understand
yeah so we got some news you guys and I
guess you could tell by the title of the
video I guess right ma I don't want to
listen to you mom I hate you go to your
room no for real though
yeah am I going to my room guys why were
you were in there it was like a scene
from a movie it was really crazy dad was
up there and he was talking and he was
joking and he had Lauren's hand I was
gonna grab her hand for a fact I can't
do that
he was holding her hand and he looked at
her and he said you'd actually marry the
way he said it you'd actually marry an
old man like me and Lauren was like what
did you say
oh I said what and he said I'm asking
you will you marry me yes Oh guys it was
it was a really moving moment it was
like dad all this time has had fear that
Lauren wants to leave he's like listen
I'm old you know I don't want to ruin
her life and we all talked just like
that's not happening I'm not going
anywhere you know I'm here I'm here for
you I'm staying with you and he looked
at her and it was like you'd actually
marry an old man like me and she said I
would and dad said well I'm asking it
was it was such a cool moment we all
sort of cry in this whole thing so guys
that's the news grandpa got engaged
what Congrats and then he looked at you
and said yeah he looked at me music
uh-huh I got engaged before you know
what so that's when I really appreciate
it I looked Bridget in the eyes and I
was like Bridget will you go downstairs
and get me a soda I'm thirsty guys it
was a whole thing it was great and so I
did she did and then I took a ring out
of my pocket and I ate it it was an
onion ring anything guys this is the
whole thing this is getting out of
control
my finger hurts guys he asked a question
she said yeah that was it was cool this
there's been one of those good days so
everybody comet congratulations in the
description of the description in the
comments below
congratulate grandpa congratulate Lauren
Congrats really cool what if nobody says
it well I'm Donna what if what if the
like I oppose this Union guys dad is the
happiest day that I've seen him in a
long time dad
was pleasure to sit by your side today I
really enjoyed it a brilliantly I'm
really happy we came and we got to talk
to you for so many hours today was a
good day it was hey boys you guys want
to move this cars backing up don't worry
anything of value they stole they put
back not really guys we're going
gratulations Lauren getting out here in
just a few minutes you guys before we do
lately I like to like round up these
vlogs for me at the end of it by the way
yeah that's a whole bunch of fried
chicken
okay do that in a few minutes now I like
to round out being the you know the end
of these vlogs but just catching you
guys up on everything that's going on so
one of the problems that grandpa's been
having is his blood pressure has been
too low and so they've been artificially
keeping his blood pressure high by
giving him IV fluids and they can't do
that forever
so the hope is that they can wean him
off the IV fluids long enough for his
blood pressure to you know
stabilize and not need the fluids and as
of earlier today they completely took
him off the fluids and his IV was
stabilizing about an hour ago
it started to really drop again and it
was actually a really low blood pressure
I think it was like 50 o 56 over 40 or
something which is incredibly low
dangerously low so well that I'm hoping
it was like an error oh okay that's
really low and it scares me but I'm not
gonna let what happened there ruin the
rest of that because the rest of the day
was so good because he was off of the IV
fluids for a long time and yeah about
two hours after that they don't went
haywire I guess but uh other than that
man today was really good he did some
you know physical therapy and he was
talking and joking
Halloween candy and making phone calls
does it met everything it made us all so
happy number one to actually be able to
have that conversation so you know my
last conversation if that were to have
been it which it's not wouldn't have
been why you hang up on me which is the
last thing he had said to me you know
and I wouldn't have wanted that so been
it's been a good day a little rocky at
the end there but it's been a good day
we did eat a whole bunch of dinner Lucas
we overdid it folks the kids and Bridget
Jennifer and everybody came over and we
got Bojangles and it is insane up in
here okay we got enough chicken to last
a month and I might actually save it
because there's a lot you're gonna save
leftover someone's and my there's a lot
guys we are notorious for just tossing
leftovers it's like oh man that pizza
was good back so oh man I love these
meatballs back but we do it because we
feel like it never tastes good later
right we all just make more meatballs
yeah and then when I eat half of those
me both bye see ya we throw all the food
up guys this is a ton of food and then
we're gonna save it especially those
Rice's because if you never have
Bojangles rice so delicious Bridget hand
me one I'm gonna sit here and describe
the deliciousness until she hands me one
that's moist it's like Oh rice okay give
me a second that's right oh my god
this is dirty rice with peppers and
sausage huh
what was that I'll be honest you guys I
got a little scared that's Kim she was
on the speakerphone with Kyle I was it
okay there's an intercom voice speaking
in my hair I was like oh god okay that's
it go okay let's see some rice oh yeah
that's Kim okay here we go
rice this is like moist rice dirty
Rice's you wanna hey you can't have this
okay clay I know you want it
we can't rice it's so good I want anyone
else no man I was like filming over here
guys
we're doing the out so I just wanted to
catch you up on that update little bad
news at the tail end with the you know
blood pressure dropping
that's a scary number I'm hoping it was
an error cuz I don't like that number
but you know what what I've learned
though is his blood pressure is not
stabilized because of the infection
well not the cirrhosis yeah yeah guys
how he was a couple of weeks ago is how
he is on cirrhosis the reason he's like
out of it right now is because he has
upset the sepsis and the infection
everything so that's what's going on
hopefully we can clear up this infection
and really I'm really hoping for the
best year you guys I'm more optimistic
than I was at the beginning of the week
so guys let's go do this outro dad I
love you guys
I love you dad I'm so happy for you
you're engaged oh man I wish that we
would have filmed this you guys could
have seen it but I don't want to show
down in that state but man it was it was
moving here really it was it was well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching you know despite the
bad news at the end of the day the rest
of the day was fantastic
dad I'm so happy that we got to spend
that time with you because it's very
valuable time right now and I'm so happy
we have it you know it was one of those
days yeah it was very nice it was very
nice guys we're not gonna talk about
everything that happened in the day you
know we had some visitors we're not
gonna get and all that but you know life
is about patching things up yeah if
you're able to if you're able to patch
things up try out you guys because
life's too short to live with bitterness
and I'm not talking about you know
blood because that ship has sailed but
there are other people who we've had
things with it you know life's too short
yeah fight through seriously it's too
short and you know people have the right
to see their friends even if I don't
like those people myself so guys
spinning seriously it's been a great day
I really enjoy almost every partner I
know I loved it so much I can't wait to
talk to him tomorrow I know I'm really
hoping he's just as talkative tomorrow
yes because it was great I enjoyed it so
much guys
thanks for watching he was even whenever
you grabbed his hand he was like I know
I grabbed his hand to a point duh are
you doing it was awesome that's grandpa
yeah yes at one point the nurses are
trying to move them in the bed there's a
good watch how you grab me okay you're
gonna kick that a hot thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite put everything to us and that's
it I love you grant us so much post get
letter let me do
