what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here and I am on my way to
gamestop to pick up two games
so I'm picking up WWE 2k14 and the new
Assassins Creed I was gonna get
battlefield but the guy game stop give
me that inside Kipp who told me that
it's gonna be on sale on Black Friday
like 30 bucks so I'm gonna wait to pick
it up then of course I'm also may wait
to pick it up for the PlayStation 4 so
anyway I'll be back so we're here at
Game Stop and I can't get really see
from here but we passed it the line
inside there was wrapped around the
fucking store and there's like so many
people outside like around their cars
and stuff it's crazy
and in a minute I'm gonna be in there
too bridge is not going in so I have to
leave her with a present oh I've already
done it you were talking so you couldn't
hear it oh yeah this will be like a tomb
is that that bad
so I got it this is it Assassin's Creed
Black Flag WB 2k14 knowing your Michael
what ps3's in the living room babe so
this is that I'm gonna do an unboxing
when I get home but for now there we go
and that one was pretty long
okay I'm gonna do unboxing first I'm
going to do Assassin's Creed Black Flag
and here it is
it's the back went ahead and opened it
but I didn't really get I just grabbed
my codes and stuff out of there so here
it is so there's the disk go ahead and
take this out and Clyde it's Clyde well
behind it is the alternate cover if I
don't want the rock I can switch it to
that fan-made cover with Daniel Bryan so
I have taken the rock and put him inside
out and cut the Daniel Bryan slipcover
on from at MVP Mike 13 and now it's time
to play it
check so that's it I'm gonna sit here
and play a little bit I'm gonna redeem
all my codes I just had my first match
with CM Punk versus broccoli as it was
pretty awesome actually uh the game was
good more from when I played so far it's
good not gonna play Assassin's Creed
right now because I just want to play
wrestling so WWE 2k14 go check it out
I'm gonna start anyway I gotta go so
like subscribe favorite and get these
games also Assassin's Creed
