chill out motherfuck are you kidding me
you see me I'm tired
do you understand you fat bitch okay
where we going now I'm going home
you are your own spaniel oh we're goal
oh ho ho
graveyard we will no copyright now it's
my bedtime
there's my bedtime here's your bread
time hours ago I know so let's go go
back sleep on the bench we'll come pick
you up you goddamn let's go all right
we're in Moncks Corner hey I don't know
where you are game now I got more money
to put calling back cannibals to the
right of me you want to go home yes I
want to go right okay so we're gonna
vlog together you had me about three no
get your goddamn hands off me people
want to see us having a good
relationship I have no religion you kept
me your three fucking hours now first of
all I kept you here three well get those
three fucking hours well hasn't been
really three hours years ma'am let me
check my fantasy
everybody knows goes to draw underwater
everybody just meeting you
shut the fuck up are you so fruitful can
we go home yeah we'll go home soon soon
yeah we'll do a vlog what are we doing
here okay I know I told you we're going
home yeah you told me we're gonna let's
go you told me that they're attracted to
water so it came you head screw Cologne
you like a screw Baker Hospital now
explain you told me about this a long
time ago all right take her Hospital
this used to be a hospital it was a
private hospital private oh and now they
turn into condos but they had a lot of
people died there go in no you can't go
in but down below see what I see right
bottom part is yeah that was the morgue
that's where all the bodies were and
they all of them caught staff in there
and died well then there's a lot of
tests oh my god
okay that'd be here's what we're doing
we're gonna go to the condos they used
to the hospital and we're gonna go in
there guys we can ghost box
oh hell no no 30 minutes no we're going
home right now because you promised me
you you said you were taking me home
right now
take me to fuck I never said that take
me to buckle take me to buckle you
shouldn't have told me the story take me
home take me home take me home to
nowhere and hate me home you should have
told me take me already no Yogo
yeah wait going home okay let's go for
dinner
I'm not leaving so he can go went in the
car he wants later pop bye okay you
gotta get all ready to go home this deal
I want to go home now now stupid bit I'm
told is about two o'clock in the goddamn
morning you know to the morning it's
like midnight we've like we got here
like 10 my - should be in bed and you're
right it's been two hours now all right
we'll keep mess around
yeah
