what's going on you guys get beyond the
camera here and a lot of people have
been asking me to review curse of chucky
why are you talking about sorry a
fucking movie so that's worth checking
everything
it's who me and dad dad and I watched
curse of chucky together it's a curse
being way to watch it now I will I'm not
gonna go as far as him and say it's the
worst one ever
I think some see the Chucky and Bride of
Chucky are much worse but it's still
fucking sucks
she's a juggie see the Chucky what did
you hear huh what did you guys do that
one
you never saw Stephen Chucky that's what
we have like he has like a baby
what yeah not if he's a blaster shoots
up that a dick I hope he you got a dick
that's that's the question isn't that
we've seen you never saw see the Chucky
it's absolutely horrendous huh you saw
Bride of Chucky
yeah that one is at the end of Bride of
Chucky they give birth remember little
baby comes hot dogs and sodas popped out
of machine the machine her vagina is a
machine plastic no that was a baby in
the set in the next movie maybe Jimmy he
has he thought that it'll be the black
with the e guy no dick I knew the dog
were two dick and she I see have you
ever seen a dog with a dick anatomically
correct ones yeah what is it boy the
teacher school said they're married did
he touch you with this tell me what he
touch you with no I talked about it i
knows it a dollar your battles dog with
a dick what if it's a what if it's like
a sex shop I bet that's one better have
you tonight yeah dick no we've seen
Chucky without clothes and Chucky
doesn't have a dick now I guess the
thing would be that he's turning human
I'm turning human you did your pussy got
a baby no fucking way
so the thing is I guess he can sort of
turn human but now she was freshly a
doll so she would not have ovaries yet
to give birth Yeah Yeah right
she don't pussy yet you realize were the
state of our lives are right now we're
talking about the logistics of
Chucky's they're gonna watch it go to
rail right there so curse of chucky
starts off I'm not sure exactly I'm not
exactly sure what the timeline for the
movie is I wanted no timeline um it's a
confusing time I was blurred oh I had
enough talking about this fucking stupid
mood but it's not a good movie it's your
typical shit
Chucky looks like he has down syndrom
throughout half the movie right right
yeah Dora Dora Dora now he's actually in
the movie now that was that was one of
the highlights of the movie when Brad
was actually back as the lakeshore
strangler dude I got to do it yeah
Canada that's nothing to do with Chucky
piggy dude inside of name for me Ammar
breath yeah I would go for a Brad Dourif
autograph somebody send this to Brad
Dourif
and say get an autograph for me what the
fuck you old cookie so that was the only
that was the highlight of the movie for
me the movie itself was when Brad Dourif
reprised his role as the lakeshore
strangler and we got a little little bit
of the backstory for that what are you
doing up about Facebook you're not
talking about talking to what you're
just done what the hell somebody do that
to me
we're a hacker you can't show me a
person where's the drone I don't want
you to see it now the best part of the
whole movie which dad didn't see because
he was by then he'd already left the
room and all this bullshit was after the
credits now this is a spoiler alert
don't watch any further if you don't
want the movie to be spoiled for you
after the credits the doll gets shipped
over to Alex Benson who played Andy
Barclay yeah you got your mouth open
like what was the big P well I'm a your
house opens up with a vertex you look at
my ass I don't know that's my ass name
fuck you bigger boy
so after the credits are over the doll
gets shipped over to Alex Vincent who
played Andy and the first Chucky and he
kills Chucky it was cool to see Alex
Vincent playing Chucky guilt what do you
want pick a boy yeah I don't wear hats
anymore he used to use I see a curse of
chucky if i had to give it a rating i
would give it a 4 out of 10 it was a
shit movie you look like you what I got
remember to you I do it a football now
you were bored oh okay so now that I got
that out of the way click the link below
so you can sign your name under the
petition so they can finally make a
child to play one doll that I can own
cuz all the other ones don't look like
Chucky they all look like shit nothing
they don't have it baby doll okay now if
y'all click the link below and there and
we get a bunch of signatures and they
make the doll I'm going to do Malastare
grandpa with it no no
you're scared of Chucky I'm very scared
of Chucky and you're gonna be even
scared I'm scared of dogs so if they
make the doll I'm gonna scare the shit
out of grandpa with Chuck you get it for
under my bed oh I'm dizzy that's
probably like the easiest way of it I'm
gonna fucking go crazy with it I'll get
some of the sounds like Chucky I'm gonna
throw it I did I got em now hey yeah I'm
trying to reach Andy Barclay no fucking
way
me Chuck so sign the link below sign the
petition below cuz if they make one I'm
gonna scare grandpa with it because he's
scared of dogs
ya know home
