what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here and I just wanted to make a
quick video to give you guys a preview
of what I'm uploading tomorrow it's an
idea that was sent to me by a friend of
mine it was called the buried alive
prank and the concept being that you
walk into somebody's room while they're
sleeping or whatever the case may be you
put a box over them like a I don't know
how I would describe a said box except
for I used a vacuum cleaner box that I
cut the section item and I lay it over
somebody being grandpa and you hold it
there and make then and beat on it and
let them wake up to the realization that
they're in a coffin so that's what I got
uploading tomorrow night the buried
alive prank is a preview
fuck
fuck so that's what I got going up
tomorrow I also am gonna be doing a
review of curse of chucky a lot of
people have been asking me what I
thought about it
have I seen it yet I've seen it I'll
give you my thoughts on curse of chucky
next week meanwhile click below and sign
the petition to possibly get a child's
play one replica doll made we're trying
to raise signature raise awareness get
people interested in the concept so just
sign below if you hate me sign below if
you really hate me sign below if you
love me sign below whatever you if you
what if you have any feeling towards me
to sign the petition below because I
want this doll made so that's it
like subscribe favorite check us out
tomorrow for the Barrett Oh life prank I
didn't really clear that up too well
alright whatever see you guys
