so I'm gonna do Mike huh damn van broke
down we are sitting here at Sunoco did
you go down to my favorite store so now
go Conoco yeah I bet you went inside I
bought a pack of cigarettes no but I've
got to before you take me home
gee it was that pointment he no man
that's a to stuff oh I didn't lose
corroded the dad was driving down the
street and the transmission was out in
the van as he's pulled up in Sunoco and
right now we're waiting on a tow truck
was sort of stranded well we we don't
talk till we fall that's tonight do I
get to cash money to have him I got the
money then we gotta make the we need to
set a more up and make a make the point
the time so hopefully the people who
gave a rider I don't want to say a name
I'll see your name on that's all me
hopefully JT by Ryder does right by
grandpa right now look like they're not
going to we just don't know but the we
like I was talking cuz you know you did
tell me I asked if you had a towing
service you know to tell me he tell me
say I look I look in the phone button
give you some down my number if you want
it we know we don't offer towing why
offer a warranty if you don't offer help
him get into and get the people's cars
there to get it fixed so we're sort of
stranded now and it looks like he may
not I don't want to say anything because
I don't want not doing over what JD's
gonna do
but yeah they could have been nicer
and they that that service me I wasn't
and I'm going by tomorrow and have a
long talk with JD by Ryder and you're
coming with me because we go take the
camera
Oh gonna put my be banned from JD by
Frederick and amarka that's where we
stand right now literally stand after
Sunoco and I ain't even got a damn hot
dog
so duck at the gas station nowhere to go
keep watching this film because we're
pissed off and then else to do so how
you doing Paul I'm not I'm really upset
I'm literally upset because there's not
that I don't have $40 paper fucking
transmission I think I'm saving not
$1,400 I got fortunate I was the same
that's your money I touch that for that
we need it if you get you need a vein
you know what fix my van I would rather
take that same $1400 go through and buy
another decent vehicle can that happen
yeah and Joe JC's better fuck you
Wow then we do that I want you to
literally tell them fuck you and just
throw the keys at the fuck told you
that's why I need to get everything out
of there all right you better they
better fucking not fuck us over
I've heard horror stories tell you why
people go to Google and read the horror
stories by JD by Ryder not honoring
their warranties I did a little better
get all my stuff out of here because we
maybe thought that inky sue
and yes it was my birthday man how about
happy birthday to fucking me if I go
bother you we see some coming up were
fucking wheezing to my crippled killer I
will move the car and we see a cop
messing with little takeoff hey devil
bitch doesn't piss van huh
rest in peace van
what'd she say recipes ban and they go
recipe they don't fix it
rest in pieces on the JD bar at a
parking lot
yeah I'm go get me giddy fuck you
he's been talking about that he's making
a buck you're ready but that's what I
better go read the horror stories on
Gaetti by Ryder and there are nothing
but horror stories only problem is they
never sold a vehicle to somebody like me
somebody with a temper I'm hurt of a
temper and ain't afraid to call us stay
in his face you know I ain't afraid
oh Jesus Christ watching you baffle you
forget it
yo I'm pretty sure I did oh my god oh
you ain't getting in Bridget's car you
know
