what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here and a lot of people have
been asking me to do this I promised I
would do it and I guess I forgot so here
it is the tour of the new house so we're
going to start off in here this is of
course the living room coffee table got
my computer going down there still
television furniture this is new
furniture by the way this right here is
where we keep the two dog cages now for
a lot of you people who but what is the
dog in a cage
well you got to keep the little one in
the cage for a little bit of the time
because he's being crate trained right
now so he doesn't piss in the house so
that's what those are for
Plus bingo school dogs love their cages
so anyway there is the dog bed this is
just a closet so to keep from our shit
computers just average stuff just closet
this is our security system here is the
kitchen
turn this off so this is the kitchen now
thus bring us to our laundry room not
much going on here just it's not just
the laundry room this being our garage
our old couch is still in the garage we
have a freezer in here for storage of
meat which other some sort of gay joke
people are going to use against me there
meat storage this is the backyard the
dogs are out there right now just
chilling you got into a pumpkin outfit
Bridgman of course he's the only one
that likes clothes miss sweet you come
in in a minute Bell and here we go
upstairs now as you can imagine I'm
certainly gonna work out when I go to
bed
here is one of the bathrooms we have not
used yet but it's here this is third
bedroom hello bedroom still unpacking
stuff this is being replaced tonight
this is where all of our shit was
accumulated this does I haven't unpacked
yet okay this is it will eventually if
you organized but blu-rays all dumped in
the floor because I was looking for a
blue last night that's leading us to the
master bedroom
so here is the bedroom see we got our TV
going oh you put you kept Simba huh and
my pink hair pink bear and of course the
bathroom this is the shower in which
you're going to now say I don't use we
don't push also tell things for this no
towels and whatever she kept their
hairspray ting on a hairdryer and our
closet
well no towels yet if it is a shake
weight
and Bella will quit barking now that are
filming her so anyway that's it thanks
for watching like subscribe come to me
for - where's princess bridge arrest on
Instagram for to us on Twitter bridges
not Nicole - on Facebook bridge of us on
YouTube you done with all this subscribe
kid behind a camera on vine nothing from
Ridgid follow that
