so I think Alison gold Chinese food I
think this poor little girl is the shoe
she's being used I think she thinks oh I
made a good song Chinese food that made
nein nein nein me she thinks she made
some good little song meanwhile these
motherfuckers who did the rebeccablack
shit like home
come on guys let's ruin another girl's
life so we can get some money ruin that
rebecca black oh yeah she can't be
taking serious
nobody likes her here will make fun of
her they're gonna do sending with every
gender mm go girl to go everybody go
laughs Dadar hell if you just got a
funny yeah well you got a guy that pedro
baird therefore anyway it's it's
purposeful it's obviously meant to be
worse than rebecca black obviously this
cannot have been a serious attempt at
making a good song Chiao main main main
main name it's stupid
I feel sorry for now I'm just talking to
a girl that my girls are that goddamn
bear that mother fucka needs to go to
jail if it was on purpose then you
should have thought of another role for
yourself instead of the bear following
the little girl around the city instead
of the bear following her to her
sleepover play Minami by your I've gotta
get that about you are at about
following a bunch of little girls you
son of a bitch
you watch that goddamn bow go get with a
daughter you motherfucker you pedophile
I hope you go to jail cuz you guys are
gonna bust your Jerry if you he done had
it busted
let's see you here there's a clip of him
in here he's homeless
completely God knows we go to god damn
bitch better Bob bill you are the same
motherfucker on the goddamn video we
rebeccablack what are you doing
change the little white goes around are
you just changing your ass no niggas why
girls cuz
eyes isn't Chinese girl near a black
girl you just like little girls you
pedophile motherfucker
have you seen this man
don't let him near your daughter so they
have it it's our opinion it's not a fact
it's not a fact it's our opinion that
this guy follows little girls around
cities and he's in love with weather guy
do you want a video is two little girls
so what else could you get you go to
