what's going on you guys Kibby on the
camera here just giving you guys a quick
little update we're gonna be going to
the hospital just a few minutes it's the
next day obviously I don't know how to
start this these kind of things off
right now you guys what is that
spider but dude you are gigantic and
what is your web connected to what dude
what on our way to the hospital in just
a few minutes you guys we were told that
his blood pressure has been like getting
better his color is getting better and
the doctor wants to talk to us this
morning so I'm a little optimistic I
hope that it's gonna be good I you know
optimism doesn't work well for me and
stuff like this because when I get
optimistic I get willy optimistic and if
anything goes wrong I totally deflate so
I'm optimistic but I'm trying to stay
grounded and not be too optimistic but
guys we're going to the hospital in just
a few minutes you know yesterday he was
talking it was a lot of gibberish you
know talk one point he said that his
name was I can't remember he lived at my
149 East Washington Street Delaware like
he thought that's what isn't it he his
name was something Washington uh Robert
East Smith Washington I don't know guys
it was something like that and he was
from Washington Street Delaware so he
doesn't really know who he is sometimes
they'll recognize me sometimes you won't
I just I get so mad cuz I don't know how
this happened so fast
back in September he was doing so good
and we were like okay things are turning
around and then October comes and things
just were not good
and I don't know how this happened so
fast and I get so mad when I think about
it
and I got a friend named Chris and he
told me a you know over a year ago he
was a hey have your dad check for
cirrhosis and I told him and he just
didn't and I just think about stuff like
that why didn't he go I always told you
guys I would show you everything our
entire lives this is part of that this
is this is real life
anger and hurt comes with this
crying comes with this and I'm not gonna
cut that out and not gonna sugarcoat our
lives and I don't know if something
happens I don't know how things are
gonna be for a while and maybe some of
you guys will unsubscribe because you
don't find us that entertaining anymore
and then I will totally understand yeah
okay stop Michael don't get ahead of
yourself
don't turn totally pessimistic okay
stand positive guys we are going to the
hospital and yeah I don't know what's
gonna happen I don't know what the
doctor wants to talk to us about but
that's what's happening right now I love
you guys so much
and I mean that profoundly you have
shown us so much support that I can't
even like begin to process it like it's
been just so crazy on Twitter and
Facebook in the comment sections of
nothing but love and and I want to show
my dad that I want to show it to him
you know yesterday Isaac had everybody
changed their profile pictures to his
profile picture and it moved me so
profoundly and then I saw somebody
saying for everybody to subscribe to
grandpa house corner to try to get him
to a million subscribers and I don't
think it's gonna work you know he has a
couple hundred thousand ago but if he
could oh my goodness
that would be something that I could
show him like dad you did it
you hit a million in your channel man
and I love you and if you want to
subscribe
the link is below subscribe to grandpa's
corner if we could give him to a million
god that would mean so much I you know
back when this was happening earlier in
the year when I tried to do that this is
why for stuff like this so guys if that
can happen I can't begin to process how
important that would be and how much it
would mean to everybody so if you want
to subscribe the link is below subscribe
to grandpa's corner there may never be
another video on it again right there
may never be another upload but to have
it reach the milestone so he can see it
stop being pessimistic Michael we're
going to the hospital you guys thank you
so much for everything it means so much
I'm sorry these vlogs have been nothing
but talking but there's been nothing
else going on in our lives with this
this is all our lives consist of and it
may be all they can system for a little
while so guys thank you so much for
those of you who watch and stick around
we love you so much we couldn't have
done any of this without you thank you
sitting outside the hospital right now
you guys not a very good day
I don't like spreading all these bad
news don't cry cam you made me cry I
can't help it
they were they told us that they told us
they don't think he has much longer and
he's being kept alive by the medicine
that's keeping his blood pressure and
then that if he wasn't taking it they
would drop and his body would shut down
and they're saying you know he does not
qualify for the transplant you know he
wouldn't survive the surgery
he can't drain any more fluid it's like
spelling out to be the end and
I didn't want to be the one to tell you
guys this we don't know how much longer
sloth and so we were all talking and as
much as I don't like my brother as much
as you can't stand him and I was the one
who brought forth Lauren I know what
stuff he's done dog you know he you know
obviously what he did to you as much as
we don't like him what if 30 years from
now he turns his life around and the
only thing that he has the fact that he
didn't get to say goodbye to his dad so
I don't want to be responsible for that
it's it was never my decision to begin
with dad said he didn't want to see him
but at the same time he's dead right I
hate it but I feel like maybe he should
have the right to say goodbye so the
first thing is our biggest concern is
recording we're gonna have to like
confiscate if he has any like recording
equipment I'm sorry Kim we're gonna have
to confiscate if he has any recording
equipment because I don't want him to
record my dad in the ICU yeah and what
could be his last days I don't want
anyone really I don't want anyone to see
dad yeah this you don't want to see him
like this you want to remember dad like
I remember him you don't want to see him
the way he is right now
yeah you know he's not the grandpa you
remember right now you guys it's bad and
so we were reaching out to him and we're
telling him that if he can get here he
can come say goodbye I can't get him
here too you know there's too much
animosity I'm not his keeper you know he
slapped my girlfriend in the face he
made my father feel like dirt he lied
about us in public he used us he
swindled us he abused our trust I can't
pay for him to get down here too but if
he can get down here
I heard he's in Atlanta it's only a few
hours away dude I'm sure you're capable
enough to get down here I've already
reached out to them
you know you can come make peace with
your father so that's what's going on
right not you guys it's not looking good
and don't be sentient I hey don't be sad
I need people around me strong I know
I'm trying not to cry okay hey wait
anybody don't have the rice strong but
they like we don't have a right to be
sad right we're all sad but I mean I
want to be strong I've been trying to
remain as positive as I can
last night when I was sitting in his
room by myself I was crying and I tried
so hard because he was asleep and every
time tears would fall I'd quickly grab
my shirt and wipe my face because I
didn't want to take the chance of him
waking up and seeing me crying part of
me feels like he knows and he
understands because he's been making
amends he he apologized to Bridget for
okay I'm sorry
you know behind the scenes dad is not
the nicest person all the time and he
said some bad stuff about Bridget and to
to friends or complaint and he
apologized yesterday he said that he was
so sorry and when she left he told me he
was glad I had her he's glad that I had
somebody and I am too so
it's that one certain this is life you
guys and there's a chance that you
didn't need to know I we told him that
so you don't need to apologize
so this chance that this could be it and
I wanted to tell you guys straight up so
that's what's happening as much as I
don't like my brother he has the right
to say goodbye I could I can't take that
from him
it's not gonna be that person but I am
gonna take a cell phone you are not
gonna record your father like that so
you can use it for views I refuse to
allow that that's something that I will
go to jail over that's a promise
we got bail money if he if he takes that
if he takes out a cell phone stuff's
going down let me tell you that so guys
I love you I wanted to tell you guys it
wasn't the best news we woke up really
optimistic but things don't turn out the
way you want so guys we love you
we're gonna go back into that hospital
and hope for the best
we're getting out of here in just a few
minutes you guys I want to just take a
couple of minutes to talk to you guys
directly uh number one I want to
apologize for all the lack of updates I
haven't been the best about updating
everybody on Twitter and stuff and leave
it on the vlog you know I haven't been
the best and it's just hard to update
people when you're in the middle of this
you know got to the hospital about ten
o'clock this morning and we stayed for
as long as we could technically visiting
hours end at 10:00 or not 10:00 8:00
o'clock and you know they let us date to
like 9:00 so thank you guys at the
hospital so much you've been so like the
hospital have been have been really
great you guys one thing you guys people
have been calling the hospital and you
can't call the hospital it's you know
number one you're not gonna get through
to us
you know there is a code that you need
to reach us and without that all they're
gonna tell you is we can't talk to you
about anything so guys please stop
calling the hospital there's you know
it's a fruitless endeavor because number
one we'll never know you called all that
we know is that people you know the
nurse came that was hey by the way
there's a lot of people that have been
calling and they didn't give us any
messages in the name so guys please stop
calling because you're actually making
it you know really hard for people who
who are trying to get into the hospital
or talk to a doctor or so please guys
you're not gonna read just so please
stop calling it's you know not good
grandpa's not in a good spot right now
and we're hoping for the best
I'm remaining as optimistic as I can but
you know things aren't you know that
great right now but uh I just wanted to
say thank you guys for following us and
supporting us you know I told you
earlier in the vlog and there's been
nothing but drama
and I've been trying to stay away from
it but I can't because when this is
happening with dad I don't like you know
when somebody who never never cared
about their dad before pretending they
care about him now you know but I
extended the olive branch to my brother
or earlier in the vlog and was like okay
you can you know come talk to your dad
and my sister actually called him and
talked to him personally and the first
thing that he said was you know is
Michael gonna give me some money so I
can get down there are about no hard way
to get there or anywhere to stay like
bro you know I'm not your babysitter
you're a man I don't like you anymore I
don't want a relationship with you
anymore I don't have to pay for you to
get down here so that was the first
thing and then he started posting on his
Facebook account oh they're still
attacking me they're doing this they're
using my dad they're doing this they're
dope they won't stop doing this just
using this situation as a way to
catapult people back to his side and
it's disgusting to me
that somebody would use their father in
the hospital as a means to catapult
ourselves like oh I can use this somehow
I find it disgusting so I was this close
to like disinviting him and I'm I still
may I told the hospital I gave the
hospital his picture because I'm afraid
that he's a danger at this point because
he's so like anyway I don't want to load
you guys with drama I just wanted to say
thanks we're gonna be doing the outro
here in just a second I know that these
vlogs have been mostly talking but I
know you guys are also you know
interested in knowing what's going on so
that's what I've been trying to do
trying to give you something while also
telling you something at the same time
so guys let's do this outro I love you
guys so much and I know that if dad
couldn't understand what was happening
he would appreciate it so much well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching uh like I said
earlier still no update you know the
same as yesterday and the day before
that trying to remain optimistic though
uh but yeah now looking good
but guys all we can do is stay positive
right that's all we can do so guys
thanks for watching as I said thank you
so much for all the support and
everything you guys have like shown us
over these past couple of days it has
meant so much to all of us thank you so
much like subscribe favorite fun
everything just and that's it
you
