so we've had a couple of people asking
me to tell the story the grandpa hinted
to a couple of vlogs ago where he said
that I would hit up the same house
multiple times to go trick-or-treating
first of all it was dad's idea what
started off pretty cute yeah
I'll get into that part in a minute so
it started off that would take me to
Walmart and he'd get like four of those
like really cheap $5 Walmart scary masks
nothing decent and you'd get like a coat
I'm pretty sure the coat I've realized
by now was it like one of those capes
that you get like a barber kit yeah like
you you cut hair with it was like the
barber thing what about a dollar God so
it's whatever that thing is
the barber cover and dad would take me
to these really rich neighborhoods and
we scope it out we go to each house and
we remember like yeah okay we're here if
you king-size Hershey bar or we hit the
motherfucker than a minute we go back to
another house would they give you
Snickers okay right here okay we go buy
them too do you remember that else now
after we'd hit the whole neighborhood
he'd give me a new mask take off the
little coat and send me back to the same
houses that I just got all the good
stuff from and Reaver you know regroup
the wealth and then we'd leave here you
motherfucker give me another mask put
the coat back on me go back to the other
houses and he'd sit about three or four
times and told by the end of the night I
had four pillowcases full of candy candy
bars now an unrelated report is on the
way home see he had this like little
blue Mitsubishi and we would no no you
don't need to know the car I'm telling
this bar the shadow my face ain't funny
yes it is was hysterical I don't know
how it was possible we had this little
piece of shit blue Mitsubishi a little
around it was a good truck I'm not gonna
lie but it was a little Mitsubishi
pickup truck and dad's in the cab and
we're sitting in the back driving down
the street next thing you know we're
just in there and we smelled the Fallas
odor it was like dad farted I look in
that we don't know what it is but the
whole back of the truck is just
submerged and shit
and we're Gaghan we look in the front
scene we see dad I laugh another funny
laughing his ass off with us because we
can smell the shit so I get home with my
three bags of candy and dad before
dumping on the road and so we dump out
all our candy next thing you know daddy
what we do it enough we you giving it up
to you that's an early all one dude dad
grabs every piece of good candy that is
in there and he walks up with it was his
dad I took you out I need some chicken
go get all the good shit all you left me
was like the crap nobody eats you have
candy corns shit like that
he be like he like okay candy bar - for
me candy :
that's for you although that one even I
would sometimes have to like hide the
Reese's or eat in the back of the car
because I knew he was gonna take him
Yeah right
there was Hershey it was out the ones
you took the most of was almond joy
Hershey and what else I'll let you the
heat part that's a candy bar dad like so
he's never talked about on camera Almond
Joy God you still like almond joy fuck
you Malik mouths butter almond joys my
favorite I gotta admit
almond joys my favorite candy - I think
I got that from dad swishy sometimes you
feel like a nut sometimes you don't some
like I'm enjoy but mounds don't do you
want the bitch coming on suddenly she's
yelling at you
