ah yeah um I got it out are you gonna
throw up or something here
Oh Bridget is his daughter oh yeah okay
yeah enough I'll get you the daughter
how uh no it's not
it is funny cause he you Duggar
I'm afraid to slit here me your name
your bladder I get eight your AIDS
former shit let's get laid anyone left
clunk yeah yeah yeah chill out sit down
I'm done you need a doctor boom laughs
yeah I'm aware I see it I need stitches
do you think you need stitches here
fibers we'll take it no JJ me no why
I've got my motherfucking self you can't
drive
what ha ha you have to go to the doctor
okay miles out get out get out do it Oh
God come on be my arrested when they see
this big mess I'll go to jail damage ey
Oh God goodbye you going darker yeah
come on now with you you've made that
you ruined thank eat what is it holiday
Halloween I didn't ruin anything
come on you know better baby I'll stay
here at the house and you take him you
agree yeah I guess so Uncle Bob goodbye
you're not going nowhere by yourself
Bridget go
be good I'm gonna sit out of here I'm
gonna stay here and clean you guys now
fake me the goddamn car bitch well any
last words
fuck Halloween the fuck you get out of
shutting the door yet ie Varsha go
