well that how's your hand feel first of
all the people of watching this right
now have not seen the video yet cuz I
have not put it up yet so if you want to
know what happened to grandpa's hand
take a look at this preview and that's
going up tomorrow night anyway kind of
doped up
still we got damn big evenin percocets
I bet you just requesting anything you
can get no fucking shit but I think I
wanted to go off though I bet you went
back today and got more we're not gonna
discuss that oh my god let me get you
one like a list we don't want to talk
about that either those good dad or one
of those lips kind of wet that got my
Mulligan half hey where's my knife at
anyone I don't know your sink and oh my
life is missing I didn't take it with me
I think you got it out the house I did
not I coolly watered up what I cleaned
while you were gone I put it in the
dishwasher
oh I never use this water well there you
go I am the dishwasher
are you what are we doing conversation
isn't I just hey cuz people like it a
conversation with a man a father god
birthday presents and they yeah you did
yeah bullshit open one of them you know
in the last one was it Wednesday
no why I had to cuz the box said cigar
humidor
so I thought somebody sent me some
strigas you told me that cigarette
roller yeah and so I think I better over
to go sit on the put him in refrigerator
right man it was a goddamn cigarette
role of window electric jobs dad's
pretty excited somebody sent him an
electric cigarette roller and then I'm
stoked about it it's the highlight of
his year
now some I need to send me some tobacco
and some hundred millimeter dudes
you can't ask for stuff I asked for this
I asked for the roller mister and
somebody saw them but no name either who
came from I'm hoping somebody sends you
a Walmart card I hope they don't I know
you hope your help I'm gonna ask anyway
that's when I roll with it they had a
hard time to it I couldn't cuz I got
this I put it in yeah how hard was it
with your hand it was hard because I had
to use my thumb to hit the button and
see this
oh there's a ready roll no line I need
to back in 100 mil of you give me some
line aha so you got the obsessed fan you
get the Bloody Mary prank you destroyed
a pumpkin funk and destroyed me whoa and
there's plenty more for the month to
come for you my ass itches you scratch
it no thank you you can scratching I
can't scratch it by here
I bet it's killing you are you doing
gonna scratch my ass
any minded is listening you try to give
me number chords you well you any last
words farts when this off please scratch
my ass Michael no
