turn a damn light out do you remember
okay the court of course you're gonna
remember this but I think we've told
this from on camera yet so so we lived
in this little part of Colombia called
Gaston and you know I don't know what
month this was but there have been a lot
of break-ins and people had got you know
people would come home and there be shit
missing out of their house so I remember
that windows will be open and dogs will
be going crazy at night and I woke at
home we came to the realization that
there's a prowler a prowler was loose
and it turned out the Prowler was living
in the house next to his mother
yeah outfit me it was an empty house
next to her
it was sit there and look at the window
and watch over the house I remember that
now yes so I remember one night you and
Grandma were sitting at the house and we
were at the other house we only lived
like a couple of houses down and at the
end we were just a couple houses down
and we got a call for you that the
Prowler had to peek at the villa so tell
me what happened
you tell the story well we were sitting
at the table and your grandma kind of
happened to glance over to the to the to
the glass door oh fuck oh oh Michael
that's right I know it can't be half of
the now check make sure the anybody in
it I'm serious I swear this is no door
the door is I swear to god I'm not doing
go pray go you dad you could live in a
coat box again yes
but some throw that door
muga that's breaking here that door
never does that my good sports are going
with a good thing down there okay
I'm sorry god again did you not move
that I did not move that who've you
brought my house Michael how can we yeah
you can usually shut this door I know
okay it's shut now look I just swear to
God where was I
oh so you tell you're talking about the
Prowler the Prowler
so anyway grandma kind of glanced over
your glass doors and you kind of saw I
look like I feel like I I look at it if
you like Holly Holly Holly did what mom
don't look too close but wicked look at
the blinds I kind of glanced excuse face
so I went to the window to bet my life I
got and the motherfucker took off that's
crazy dude and when he took off I told
mom I'll call you all control down there
so so I remember all of us came down
there but Paul was the motherfucker
didn't run far he just jumped over the
fence and was standing there to piss
kneeling down looking at us laughing the
goddamn laugh is like
a grandma had a blind dog it was a Chow
I was a mean motherfucking dog while
away and it was blind and I was sudden
it it runs to the fence it was just
barking back you know I had nothing and
all the police were coming out and uh oh
I never what happened was it mark was a
mark who found him yeah we had a
neighbor mark and Ricci Mark Clark and
Ricci go figure
that's the best honest-to-god true uh
those are two candy bar names if you
know know so Mark Henry oops a mark was
looking around and he happened to check
out the abandoned house next to my
grandma and that's when he saw the guy
just sitting in the living room he had
like a blanket on the floor and he was
just sitting there and he took a look at
mark and he just takes off running and
that's when the police were checking for
him and it was it was just this whole
Gaston wide search this is where it gets
creepy I don't know if you remember this
part or not but everything happened the
conflict form they couldn't find them
all that should happen and we go home
because we just sort of left our house
to go to help look and we got home the
fucking back door was wide open yet that
is one of the craziest stories of
Michael
I didn't over that goddamn go and touch
I'm not gonna go get your clothes of Oh
God dear Todd I'm going to go I can I go
to jump-scare there please stay close
what are you doing it's the ghost box
why are you bringing that in here we
might be catching the spirit I want to
get it God
