so the good the silverdollar was real
huh the silverdollar was real
yeah and how long did you have it for
until somebody stole about that pack
because I gave it to my dad you remember
your granddaddy guy
you got my dive okay I know exactly gave
me that bag of money that silver dollar
that was on there so if you don't know
what we refer hunting right now
referring to right now go check out
grandpa's Channel
he just told a story about people put my
foot up there little bastards he told
the story about the time what he would
describe as a ghost gave him no goes to
me he looked real I mean a person who's
been dead gave him a silver dollar now I
just asked him what he did with the wood
now eighteen eighteen forty ten silver
dollar I remember seeing the silver
dollar you ever grandma have it dad used
to have in the old house we don't know
what happened in the money we think it
was stolen by somebody in the family
that's all we're gonna say we're not
gonna say names somebody in the family
stole it we're not sure exactly who we
have a good idea it was a it was a bunch
of money was like her he had like a bag
of like nickel pennies and silver
dollars my daddy and he gave my grandma
had a mom all my other and she died I
got him and they were stolen so the
silver dollar that the man gave you was
in that yeah that's crazy but yeah that
was but put the pickiest picture out of
it out of a photograph but yeah that's
the man out that that gave me the so
dollar he'd been dead for ten years and
that I wasn't the only little boy that
he'd given a dollar to all that was
quite insane I got lost stories like
that back up that happened when I was
coming up you grew up in a weird time
and you over the crazy little part of
South Carolina and a lot of shit happen
love should have back in the mole days
the mother came up my trip Dallas is
grave when that one night you and
Allison's brain Geordi I lost the ring
to you did not
I'll bet your money buddy I think you
win but I bet you goddamn money in a
minute I'll bet you I'll bet you let's
go with the Hermitage let's go do that
I'll tell you about that money take that
time with sodalite when the light came
to cross your card you card into would
die these are all South Carolina's
urban legends I've seen this one he's
referring to as Alice of the Hermitage
the story is that she was dating a man
that her family didn't approve a very
Romeo and Juliet ish and he proposed to
and I think he was would he get killed
or something no no daddy daddy ran him
off but he had to have died dead no he
didn't die but she killed herself
right because the dad told her that he
did that demand they took Tyner they
took the ring and they chucked it into
like a rake a lake or something
no they kicked it out in the field and
and then they buried her in that same
area and they say that her soul is still
searching for the rain she goes from the
church to the graveyard and now there's
they got a big fence around her grave
now because if you had a if you had a
wedding ring on you touch her grave the
ring would disappear ah I've heard lots
of people saying I had a ring there were
a bunch of us and we gone I heard say
yeah circle it or something and now and
now they got out they got a fence around
her grave that nobody can get to it so
you've been to the hermitage yep that is
sick I've been there done that then I'll
tell you about some of the light there
which is right down the street here
right next to the interstate why don't
we go do that cuz if you can't get back
there no more they got all that shit
over with this essica houses there now
not tea tomorrow night no you will not
your tongue out this is the story
tomorrow night about some of your life
good I might new you tell me tonight hey
hey I want to hear this would you go
home I want to hear the story you got me
tomorrow night I got me hook line and
sinker tomorrow night good night buddy
I'll see you tomorrow
