I was at the dentist yesterday or the
day before I was just a little too like
sick I'm so little say will you shut up
I'll try to vlog here right we're pink
Breast Cancer Awareness Month
why are you Jimmy Barrett a that's a
good question why are you not have
better you can't do a goddamn oh you
idiot you fool you has a decent question
why is a Kentucky wearing pink I guess
they don't give a shit about breast
cancer women they like she and Sookie so
care are so Kentucky doesn't support
breast cancer awareness continues for
breast cancer or whatever use it let's
zoom in on want to see if they on yeah
let me get out on all that pink they
like titties I tell you you're like hit
what era so that's reason put a video
yesterday's cuz I was a little sick uh I
think I'm having swallowing blood I know
you don't to hear that he got paid not
breathe so that was the reason I that
blow gesture egg cuz I was a little
saved you say man just sort of all my
fans here you ain't got no goddamn band
there touchdown yeah yeah yeah you were
really into this I'm gonna count on a
football
are you gonna get ready we're going just
so all you know grandpa's getting print
tomorrow night we're gonna go home see
that
wait you don't even pay attention I
could say it all I want yeah Joe
tomorrow ah seven god damn leading with
woo hey loser drift God so Wrangler for
support breast cancer awareness yeah I
need to pee genital I won't finish my
blog
gotta go so that's tomorrow night go
whoo hey Dad yeah everyone's been
talking about wanting you to do Bloody
Mary
Oh even that shit that's something that
you want you to do it no another look
tomorrow I want to do it tomorrow or to
come over and then we do a Bloody Mary
all right well like I do you look at me
what you got to do it's just been on
since you were a child but Mary Bloody
Mary but bikini
yes you gotta do it in the mirror are
you going on there
oh you're afraid they doing there is
that it you're afraid I'm not afraid if
you don't do your fright obviously you
are you would do it you're pretty that
if you got a hole yeah get to it
if you want to sing grandpa a birthday
present the peel boxes below whose
birthday is the 16th and I'm gonna film
him opening other videos in the 16th
that's right that's the - but asked me
how long is he he has to wait that's how
long the 1601 you open one okay so I
talked you to wait you opened us up
she totally dude she did not so here's
one less present he's opening on his
birthday
dude up Kira nice get kids off my
clothes he sees a huge that was down the
chicken some money you actually do who
is it
I don't you want me bitch our name her
name's Rebecca well thank you very much
Popeye Wow
this chick went above and beyond
I just told people to send you some
candy and a letter she said she since
closed and because she loved me
do you think it was a subway car to one
of these or something uh that went to
supper tonight was that in this no oh so
no are you opened stop over to your
presents
hey I like that shirt look at their
Harper Lee Harbor Bay stop opening the
presents I am what I am and that's all
that I am hold on and taught me here
that looks like you fat and sassy and
sucks
