his mouth is so full blood it's so nice
oh my god don't out you know my god I'm
not helping you right now that's so
nasty no don't put that in your mouth
what's going on you guys
keep your camera here and I guess you
just saw the video Bridget filmed of me
at the dentist um yeah you guys talk
about teeth all the time so she's been
all over me to get this tooth looked at
and lungs are sorted they gassed me and
took care of it so whatever real quick I
just want to give you a quick update
that I got a new Ghost Box in today is
there anybody in here with us
me are you alive or dead
was pretty cool I order the other day
finally got us we can do some paranormal
investigator videos got a lot more
videos planned for this month October
got some pranks got some good ones lined
up a couple of good ones I know that I
should be hysterical
anyway it's starting to hurt to talk ill
you see a blood line
anyway it's starting to hurt this Hulk
so I'm getting off I got some pain pills
some vicodin and break-in him I don't
know why I'm not a pill-popper I don't
care but anyway that's it like subscribe
favorite and subscribe to Bridget west
she would say it but she's outside right
now so I Sarah for her subscribe thank
you so far a couple people who send some
stuff to appeal box for dad's birthday
he checked it himself but I told him he
has to wait until his birthday to open
them so he's not liking that he doesn't
like the wait but he has to wait he's
gonna open it on video so I'm not sure
who was I'll thank you personally when I
see the package but dad has it at his
house so well thank you personally for
that and there you go one more thing
before I go I have a code an ultraviolet
code first-come first-serve basis here
it is this is the end ultraviolet code
there you go it's going to be gone quick
so if you see it try to use it but if
you're seeing it later on tonight don't
even try it'll be gone so next time I
get some more codes
I'll give it away or there you go this
is the end and if you didn't get it by
the movie
