we're actually gonna be going to the
hospital in just a second you guys
number one we're not gonna film grandpa
in the hospital at least until things
turn around you know last time was
different you know last time you know
what he wasn't in the intensive care
unit and things didn't seem so serious
but now he's you know barely conscious
and not really talking so out of respect
for him we're not gonna film that but we
are going to be going to the hospital in
just a second before we do I wanted to
take a minute to address something that
you know a couple of people were asking
away asking me about yesterday you know
there were a couple of people not many
but a couple asking me why we are
keeping my brother from seeing grandpa
in the hospice and that is a total
fabrication you guys apparently he
posted on Facebook that we're keeping
him from dad and where he's not allowed
to pay his respects because we're not
letting him at the hospital it's a total
lie you guys more like playing the
victim so you guys don't feel sorry for
him guys a cup about a week ago
something happened to his YouTube
channel he like uploaded illicit
materials or I don't know I don't pay
attention to that stuff I got way too
much going on and apparently it got
terminated and you know he started
blaming that on us
oh yeah look what they did to me now
yeah they can't leave me alone we had
absolutely nothing to do with that we're
a lot busier worrying about our Father
than worrying about your YouTube account
I don't care about your YouTube account
I don't care that it's gone good I don't
care that's not my problem
I don't care I'm more worried about him
than you however I let cooler head out a
cooler head prevail when Dad was
unconscious in the hospital I reached
out to two people one was Kim first
obviously I called Kim and I was like
hey they are telling me to come to the
hospital because I'm dad's power of
attorney
I don't know what's going on but it
doesn't look good she took the first
flight to Charleston
the next day she missed Halloween with
her daughter's because she knew what was
important she knew that was more
important the second person that I
reached out to was him not directly I
don't want to have my phone number
because when he has it he abuses the
privilege and it calls me drunk and he
cusses me out and he text messages me
garbage blaming me for his problems like
I gave him the beer to begin with and I
don't I'm 30 years old
I don't have to deal with that okay I
shouldn't be forced to answer text
messages from somebody who wants to like
be belligerent to me just because of my
brother I don't deserve that so I didn't
reach out directly I reached out through
a third party and I said hey your dad's
in the hospital things aren't looking
good you know what he does about two
hours later after I get confirmation
that he got the message
he starts posting that oh I just want to
get in touch with my dad so he can help
straighten out this YouTube thing he
wants I want my dad to fix my YouTube
problem it's on his facebook go read it
why is your Facebook more important than
your dad's life how can you how you
gonna reach out to him he's hooked up to
a ventilator he can't breathe you're
worried about your YouTube channel when
he's fighting for his life and that's
the problem I'm not too sure that he's
not gonna show up at the hospital and
film his father in the ICU for views
that's the kind of person we're dealing
with hey you know what else he does the
next night when Kim is here and we're
sitting in the hospital room with our
dad watching him sleep worrying if he's
gonna wake up the next morning he was at
Halloween Horror Nights running around
screaming having a good time partying
I'm sorry dude
I don't feel like partying when my dad
is fighting for his life in the hospital
sorry that's just me hey you're a
different person you're a different
breed of human being you don't care
about anybody but yourself and you're
wondering why we don't talk to you it's
because of that you've always been
selfish you're a
sycophant you look for like horrible
situations that you can use to advance
yourself and it's sick I'm disgusted
with it I don't want anything to do with
it does your dad want you at the
hospital absolutely not
when he still had consciousness you guys
he straight-up told me that not only
does he not want my brother at the
hospital but it doesn't even want him at
his funeral and do you know how much
hurt he has to feel to say that about
his own son that he doesn't want him at
his funeral but I can't blame him can
you blame him he said he was a child
molester he said that he was giving
prescription drugs to my nephews and DSS
prompted investigations because of that
he said he was gonna shit on my dad's
grave when he died you don't have that
made him feel and you think after all of
that stuff that you pulled and gave him
stress you're part of the reason he's in
there and you think you have the right
to seem you don't but did I extend the
olive branch absolutely did you bite the
hand when I did it absolutely I want
nothing to do with you you're wondering
why you can't see your dad it's because
of yourself deal with it we just got to
the hospital you guys going up and see
grandpas he awake he was he's been
pretty much alway call back oh that's a
lot better guys like I said yesterday
you know we really thought that way yeah
we thought that yesterday I like I said
I told my goodbyes to my dad yesterday
you know I you know I could actually say
him now without breaking out because I
feel like hopefully he's doing better I
told him we've done a lot together
you made the internet proud said he was
a legend and he'd never he'd never be
forgotten and he won't and that's all
that I can hope for so we you know I did
everything I could for him you know
while he was here and thank God it's not
looking so dire right now
that's what I was worried about so we're
at the hospital and hope for some good
news
so well I think he's doing better
hey there we go last time they didn't
open for me like I just sat here like in
my not a person
did I die on the way over here the doors
load up okay every time every time we
come in your fridge is like charmix it
never works for you put your hand under
and I'll put it in quick we're not gonna
give up right now
not give up and start crying life has
stopped working
hey Brian have a good night okay can't
filming in the room guys but uh we'll be
back leave it in the hospital right now
you guys today is pretty much you know
the same as yesterday he was like
laughing and joking a whole lot more at
one point he's like trying to tip the
nurses yeah he had me go get cash out of
the ATM seriously birds who went to the
agency and we got a hundred dollars and
we had and he handed it one of the
nurses nurse Lee I can't accept this oh
yeah he made a grocery list tonight it's
an imaginary grocery list because he
thought he was home so he was like I
want ice cream I want juice I want sodas
with roaches you wanted ginger ale
oh yeah hamburger burgers so that's
pretty much what this visitin tells you
guys made a grocery list sent a couple
of jokes over all the ammonia levels
have you know sorry to drop is when he
first got here they're basically tripled
what they were supposed to be
they said normal is between five and
thirty five and when he first got here
his levels were just over 120 and they
checked him again this morning and his
levels were at 60 so there's still
double what they were but they're no
longer triple so you gonna give him
another one tomorrow I believe yeah
they're gonna check him again tomorrow
so so guys it's it's a struggle but he
is becoming more coherent I mean he's
still talking incoherent I mean he a lot
of the times at one point he looked at
his own feet he was who the hell's under
me cuz he thought it was somebody else's
fear yeah and I was like dad that's you
that's your feed so he's a good daughter
yeah you were a good daughter girl
you're a beautiful well guys we're
getting out here from the hospital
I just wanted to say thank you for
following us you know on all this the
love and the support means everything
there's there's you know somebody else
that we talked about earlier that's
trying to tear everybody down and turn
them against us saying that you know
we're keeping that first of all we're
not keeping dad from anybody i
straight-up asked that I didn't want to
because I don't want to aggravate them
with drama but I flat-out asked him
because it's his choice I said do you
want the certain person here and his
exact words were hell no I'm sick I
don't want him here you went to prison
because you broke into somebody's house
you can't vote because you went to
prison you can't see your daughter
because you don't pay your child support
and you can't see your dad because you
verbally abuse them said he didn't
matter said you were gonna laugh at his
grave said you were gonna crap at it
you're gonna dance at it and your life
will be better when he's gone well I'm
sorry that you're learning right now
that things you say have consequences
life doesn't work that you can say
whatever you want about your father that
you can make him feel like he's less of
a person and then when things are going
bad like oh yeah that didn't happen I'm
sorry dad doesn't want to see you we
asked him we said do you want to see him
and he said no it's not your fault it's
not my fault if you want to try for
yourself show up I'm not gonna pay for
your way down here I don't care about
you you burned your bridge with me
you know I can stay in my pool house
again what you punched my girlfriend in
the face the last time you stayed in did
you forget about that you can't stay at
the other person's hospitals yeah you
can't stay at the other house you were
staying in because you had sex with the
guy's wife and you got thrown out so
there's reasons you can't save somewhere
there's reasons why you're homeless
right now is
my fault it's your fault and maybe when
you realize that is when your life could
finally start to change because until
you blame everybody else for all your
problems
you're never gonna be a man I wish the
camera was picking up how beautiful the
moon was right now I'm sure he can well
no because I'm all zoomed in on Doug
phasing this totally to darkness you
know my bad but he saw her reflections
in his hospital window and asked who the
people were out there yeah I started
getting me worried as I do what do you
see nobody I had to close the blinds for
him to be able to see that it was just
our reflection in there yeah yeah I was
getting really worried guys you I'm not
gonna it's too dark what he was asking
about the child that was standing next
to ya yeah we're not gonna it he's
probably sleeping right that could be
loopy yeah it could be the ammonia it's
something yeah it was freaky does a
little girl more shoes I'm looking next
to me like yeah okay man just wave or
something I'm just I'm more optimistic
than there was the other day you know
yes it's the most we can hopefully I was
so scared flying here I was literally
ride the whole way here both flights I
cried I didn't use my phone no nothing I
just sat with tissues in my hand crying
because I honestly didn't think I was
gonna make it to say goodbye so I don't
I don't want to cry right now
Doug's been here all day boy I got to
give it you know you have literally been
here since morning I know we we came
here about 11 o'clock this morning and
Doug was there then we came back home to
you know feed the dogs and stuff we came
back Doug still here so shake Doug's
hand thank you sir really appreciate
your dad dad loves you and support means
a lot man you know Doug as much as I
appreciate everything you still can't
make a grilled cheese with a damn no
it's all along No
no no I'm gonna win that guys I got you
both beat Douglas my government cheese
at three day old bread he really thinks
guys Doug has challenged us to a grilled
cheese cook-off
yeah and we're gonna accept you this
month we're gonna accept the challenge
but it's gonna be like a blistering
defeat I am winning that yeah I feel
sorry you saw his girl cheese right yeah
and I saw yours yeah come on
crap des he made the other night like
yeast infection so good I think Doug
knows what that looks like cuz every
woman he's had has had one Oh see I'm
covering this one
