q behind a camera here what Bridget is
threatening me right now uh she's
telling me she's gonna save over my GTA
file because I won't let her watch Teen
Mom is that about is that about summing
up I want to play GTA because they
launched the online today and she wants
to watch Teen Mom and so we're in sort
of a paradox now now here's the
difference so she's tired of playing so
I can't play now the difference is we
have one ps3 with the game built into it
and we have two televisions both with
DVR the same DVR here it's upstairs and
she can go upstairs and watch Teen Mom
so the reason I'm doing this video is
because there have been a lot of people
writing me and they've been asking me
what the P o box is because they want to
send grandpa a letter or his birthday is
coming up and they want to send him some
candy or something so below is the
address for the P o box now last year
you guys have been sending some stuff
and I didn't get a chance to film
grandpa opening it that's not gonna
happen this year because I have a plan
to give grandpa a suprise party where I
can send us nobody else to send her
anything
so the I guess it's not really gonna be
a surprise party because somebody's
gonna send him this very provably
putting a party for you
so anyway I'm gonna have a little party
for Dad so on the 16th of this month is
his birthday
my goal just being to show Dad that he
does have an impact on a lot of people's
lives
I'll post shit on his Facebook you know
make a video Twitter whatever just show
grandpa and out stream of support so
that's what I'm doing for grandpa's
birthday I'm gonna throw him a party
he's gonna get all these presents he's
gonna look at your videos he's gonna
look at your letters your tweets your
Facebook messages all that crap I'm
gonna do it on video for his birthday
and we'll put it on grandpa's corner
speaking of grandpas corner
day I put up a new video about Borella
grandpa you are not talking about
real-life dad Barilla has the right to
have family values but they don't have
right to take them to date people and
ruin their values if people wanna kiss
other guys another gal that's better
than Jeff and ain't yours and if you
notice at the end of the video I gave
him a new one of those outros bridges
been begging me to do for the channels
lately and I wanted to show you the full
clip of the outro basically I told him I
just wanted him smoking so I can show
the little clip here while the smoke is
doing whatever the so here is the full
clip of grandpa's little smoking moment
from his outro
ah
okay my goal is to put a lot more videos
in grandpa's corner which is really easy
now that I live so close to dad so
that's the reason I'm gonna be putting
up more videos and Claude just jumped
from there to there and Claude the fuck
out of my leg and it hurt really bad so
that's it I just wanted to give you guys
the peel box number because a lot of
people have been asking me for four
months and I've never really responded
to because I didn't even know what it
was myself so I just said screw it
whatever but now that I've got it it's
below so if you want to sink grandpa
letter or some candy or something
send it below he's already gotten a
couple of things in the peel box already
that we got put up for the video so
that's gonna be pretty cool so that's it
make sure you watch the main channel
this month because it's prank month on
the angle grandpa show Halloween month I
got the ghost box videos coming I got
some pranks coming and it should be a
good Oh grandpa's trick-or-treating I
guess Michael no I'm not what do you
what do you keep coming up with that
