but that hell you won't you ruined it
I'm gender trying to again cinematic
shot our own bitch I got the stuff
what are you doing react to the methane
why do you don't get my got your house
what I don't know you get that kick you
get out of the fucking house I know you
doing that I thought I read you better
this is candy what are you talking about
I gotta get milk okay shit it is not you
get guys get out of my bugging out do
this again Bridget fill me when I say I
got the meth dad you say how much how
did I take you to fuckin about all right
I got the mess bitch yeah god I can't do
this I can't do what he's acting like
this okay get it out of my house start
the scene oh all right I got the mess
bitch and I can get out of mouth yeah
you got a chill out I am NOT gonna get
get out of my house and you get on Fox
News
Julie's watch Breaking Bad last night
with no I don't want that shit I'm sound
asleep I would bid night well you were
sound asleep spoiler alert if you ain't
seen it turn it off Walter why I was
dying I killed I owe some was I gonna
fucking I get up I got in TV show all
right bird you ready you why night all
right bitch I guess some of that sky
blue you might as it
get out of here stand up at right here I
don't damn my Holly if you do did you
know pain in my ass you do this one
thing I'll do it I'll never do it do it
okay
we're just gonna point the camera at me
and I'm gonna say I got the stuff and
then our point I can't shoot a point the
camera at you and your response hey pay
attention to me
pay attention oh sorry I apologize
you're right
your response is going to be how pure is
it and then I'm going to jail you gotta
worry about your native lot our dad just
do it take it up to a kid I don't got
gear down okay okay you ready all you
gotta say is look you don't look at her
you don't look at him you're saying I
don't look at her evil you're gonna look
at me and you're ugly and you're just
gonna say how pure is it all right bitch
I got the stuff how pure body
forgive it he can't do it thanks to
pretend with you one of the exam you did
not say it I asked you to say one thing
I said it Kelly I asked you to say one
thing you couldn't do bad I can say it
you want a taste
bitch yeah what taste you on my guy now
he can't do it so anyway I get your
bikini wedding oh yeah I got it yeah I
got it up get up
okay yeah yeah yeah just say yeah Oh
what just happened
you brought my goddamn Janie oh so the
entire point of that video was supposed
to be me doing a little short film kind
of thing as to say thank you to Breaking
Bad it was gonna I was just gonna say I
just wanted to say thanks to Vince
Gilligan and Bryan Cranston an AMC and
RJ Mitte and anti-gun and everybody who
made Breaking Bad such an amazing show
and everybody who made last night such
an amazing experience it's it's going to
be sad that Breaking Bad is gone but you
know artistic integrity he could have
kept going but he decided to end it when
he decided to end it and you know that's
the honorable thing to to end your show
when you think your story's been told
and as much as we may want it to still
be around it's gone so thank you to
Breaking Bad Reggie got any words to say
no
