what's going on you guys keep me out of
camera here and tonight is Felina the
final episode of Breaking Bad and in
honor of the final episode of Breaking
Bad I'm going to make some Heisenberg
blue rock candy glass candy candy meth
now preparation for the glass candy
first you need two cups of water
three and a half cups of sugar and one
cup of light Cairo syrup so I'm going to
slowly bring this to a boil you're going
to keep it low the whole time because if
it boils too quickly you're just going
to caramelize and you don't want that to
happen so just cook it slowly to a boil
okay as you'll see it's this kind of
consistency now which means the sugar is
melted or starting to melt together with
the syrup in the water so now that's
happened I'm gonna go ahead and add some
of my blue crystal blue persuasion at
this point I'm going to slip in a candy
thermometer you don't want the candy
thermometer touching the bottom of the
pan and we're just going to heat it up
to 300 degrees so we leave it alone this
might take anywhere from 30 minutes to
an hour
it is now nearing completion I have been
cooking this for an hour and a half now
it takes so good and here we are the
final steps of it it is now on 300 hard
crack I'm going to give it a minute and
this I'm going to transfer it over to
that
all these bubbles are going to go out
and still in the process of boiling in
my hand
we're just going to get it even in this
pan
so there we go we got it in the pan and
this is going to sit for 45 minutes
until it becomes hard like glass thanks
Walt just breaking it down to smaller
pieces and now we have the final result
that is probably 1.5 million dollars of
meth Walt how much do I got here well
I'm going to enjoy me some Heisenberg
blue enjoy Breaking Bad tonight just a
little note when you do it yourself do
not add 4 drops of blue food coloring to
it like I did because this turned out
really Heisenberg blue look at this
turned out a little too blue but it's
every bit as pure so forget it don't add
add maybe a drop or two bitch
