Kim had a career he's flipping out he's
breaking be stepping on piles upon what
I need more Stefan he's he's he's worth
I guess we're boycotting Barela pasta
yeah because they said they don't
support gays they don't want to eat
their pasta why would they say that but
God is good I guess cuz gays don't wanna
eat their noodles who some of gays
eating noodles and I don't know there
will be a goddamn for a goddamn frying
pan
do you really think Briella is gonna
give you a new frying pan just bar yeah
party it was smiling for one yeah
crashing their fucking competition we
were about to do a vine of dad stepping
on the pasta for Borelli
Borella I keep saying Borelli and asked
him to take a shit
look hey look for me on vine me too
you can find me on vine kid behind the
camera
my name is Bridget West you don't care
if you believe you mean your posture
tomorrow why yeah eat this oh oh you
shall build a fire on who knows me it
wasn't me
you ready yep Morelli
