what's going on you guys keep me on
camera here and grandpa just laughed
today was a birthday party for my nephew
Jonathan happy birthday you happy with
what I get you is what I bought them so
anyway I didn't do much filming during
the party itself but I did do some
filming so I'm going to show you that
right now
so here you go check out some highlights
from the party with grandpa grilling out
mrs. suburban down don't say that mr.
suburban this house is cheaper than the
apartment was no longer pickleboy hey no
longer piggy boy now he's living the
suburban life so pickle boy can't live
in suburban life you little shit coop
first I'm trying to make sure they burn
until the end of a your chicken might
you know burn
do why I won't fuck you up nice grill
though they have it in Salvation Army
shut up you help me get this yesterday
yeah I know
I sure dear there's any a paper towel
for you a paper totally giving us raw
chicken you make my fingers give me a
guy Oh God that could shoot that good
day who's showing off their y'all what
are you looking for
yeah I see that you wouldn't be me out
there you missus if you're not an animal
you wouldn't be me at it you give up but
I don't got him ground oh that's a lie
so I'm coming down where you put it up
you put the food up Brian Chesky Eddie
Eddie
you're lying if you're doing this 20
year oh it was funny here yeah everybody
for me where the hamburgers I won't
Hamburg some bitch I didn't get a burger
oh here they are
that's all as well what's gonna happen
I'll take him home you'll be what nobody
else no should I
yeah you should why you should hey I'll
make your pudding suburban Mike Oh pull
my chicken turnout no Danny Burt I like
it Burt why don't you that's nasty
suburban - don't call me that suburban
Mike I don't want suburban Mike suburban
Mike live in the suburbs treating like
the little bed with little mouses
bedroom nice-looking house about it
somebody here's gonna magic and I live
in a slob I don't live in a mansion I
live in a slob yes yes yes
Oh what ah
oh shit Amanda waiting you in charge no
water yes there are
are you swim same way you drive I don't
remember you could help me or not
woman Joyce will oh god yeah Oh Josh
that was a shark that's jaws I'm gonna
hide her out tell me Johnny
what what you can't use any of them oh
that's tomorrow dive down there with it
that's it like subscribe favorite I'm
better what I better go back to Dad's
now so there you go like subscribe
favorite see in the next video
I'm just chilling Rocking I let this
terrorist comfortable Bridget no this is
it's my seat it's my scene um me me me
it's my Saleem you paid for it in what
world see Michael yep
syringes mom over there and she's
watching birds give me a lap dance how
appropriate yeah my seat Michael this is
less of a lap dance or more of a
crushing sorry I'm so fat
