what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here bridge watches and Bridget
west excuse that is in there
and the first thing I want to say is
within the next couple of days I'm gonna
do the video where I give you a tour of
the house those are the dogs coming down
the stairs you have the camera going
Bella so I'm gonna do that video we've
been packing for the unpacking for the
past week we had a lot of crap we do a
lot of crap away like that's why we
didn't do a goodbye apartment video so
frustrated yeah that's the reason I
didn't do a goodbye to the apartment
video I started to but I was just so
frustrated that I didn't want to go back
to it we got busy 9 gallon garbage bags
and we just piled trash and food in the
fridge and uh it was horrible it was the
worst experience like the dumpster was a
long walk and um it was just so bad so
that's what's happening I will give you
a an apartment tour in the next couple
of days I mean a house tour a
partnership HeartMath it apart I'm so
used to living in that apartment well
I'll give you a house tour in the next
couple of days I gotta say it's been
really nice house amazed yeah we have
space now so anyway it's great now that
make knowing Bridget the reason I do in
this video is to show you a preview of
the video that I'm uploading tomorrow
the attempt I would say the attempt the
idea was for grandpa to eat surstromming
oh my god and the idea is that the
systemic is supposed to be really
disgusting and smelly and we didn't okay
we knew it was gonna be smelly we knew
that we did not know it was gonna be
like the worst smell ever
so it's worse than liquid ass times a
hundred take a look at this clip granny
Mandy well he's gonna chew it's sweet
and fish and he says it's the most
delectable fish on earth I'm amazed
I got bread fuck yeah kind of
so dad thinks that a fan sent him some
delectable fish yeah what he doesn't
know is that it's rotten it's petrol
it's pickled it's like number two world
smelliest food so this is the number two
or on the list of the world's smelliest
foods
who said this who is the guy I'll get ya
so that is what's coming tomorrow
grandpa vs. saw strumming I think I'm
just gonna call ass uh strumming I don't
even know what I'm gonna call a video
right now I just know that it was one of
the most horrific smells that I've ever
experienced in my life thank you it was
just a small amount that got into the
house so vomit Alert on that video
there's vomit uh there's a lot of
gagging it was disgusting
some fans sent it to dad and said it's a
bridge at rather chic or she didn't tell
me how bad it was gonna be she knew
right before we opened it all of a
sudden I look over see Brigitte backing
up she knew it was gonna spray and the
can just goes like Old Faithful
so anyway look out for that tomorrow
that's what's going on Oh guess what
I went to plant flowers outside the
house so what flowers should I plant
what flowers should Bridget plant I
don't know they're gonna say you just
plant tomato plant so y'all can start
eating healthy
so anyway I'm talking about
like/subscribe
I'm just going past all this we will
give the apartment tour piles up house
to her how house uh October is coming
and I promised you guys an update oh my
god I'm so excited for October I've got
nothing but pranks lined up for October
it's gonna be a good month Karen oh it's
gonna be a good mom uh keep a lookout
for October which is only around the
corner it's prank month for the angular
grandpa show
it's gonna be a good month I got the
ghost box we're breaking that thing out
grandpa's gonna do some more paranormal
investigations so October be for
Halloween so we can go trick-or-treating
I'm handing out candy no I'm here yeah
excuse me this is the first plate of a
first Halloween in this house and I'm
handing out candy true so anyway that's
it
like/subscribe correctly buried West why
do it I'm trying to record here
like/subscribe
aah aah kill me for radula
