keyonna camera here and I just watched
Bridget and grandpa consume sardines
it's a shirt oh dude not good oh oh that
stinks so bad now doggy put so this is
we why that's like a pussy no it is not
then ain't no pussy operating before oh
good cup of coffee so this is what you
do at night so here deep sardines ray
coughing how often do you do that
oh three four times a week oh my god how
many your name Sardis is potted meat
potted meat what is that now that's part
of whose and everything for the cow they
put they rise notice that brown stuff
you you yeah bread and stuff yeah
oh my god I got I got I got a soda
cracker just yeah um you eat now need to
make him eat liver Dana
Bridget I told you I don't live it's
morning 50 times she's asked me and I've
told you 50 times I have had liver
before I have even your dad said you
never do never eat lower yes I do you
know how often dad's made level no you
never eat it you were you wouldn't you
turn your news up every time dad I'll
tell my I was a kid and it stunk so bad
you Anita I have eaten liver before I
know I've eaten liver before I would you
to sardine no I'm not eating is already
that'll like seafood he hates it so can
I ain't got a mole Michael that is one
thing Bridget and grandpa have in common
sardine they still not get something
tomato sauce oh dude is just nothing to
wreak over here right now I told you the
audience knows I put it no it doesn't
feel fishy
no it doesn't who supposed to smell
fishy Mama's you mean vagina powder lady
okay I'm gonna get out of here yeah
Bubba quit coming over too much all
right no I'm just I'm just cutting off
the camera I'm gonna hang out for a
while
no you ain't yes I am you're gonna get
all in my yard right now I can't even
visit my father I'm gonna put the camera
down where is he
okay you're not my father nobody if I
don't look like dad
then I don't know who the hell does
look at Danny we're identical when I get
your age I'm gonna just like this your
daddy working full Coburg it stinks over
here
dad that's what my hands on don't you do
it do it come in I'll give you get five
go Bridget
now we're leaving we're leaving come on
I love you son Bridget see I mean you
can't do that I can't walk oh god damn
demon hey Eve mint leave me alone
is it on my project will give you a hug
bye
now oh I'm getting really pissed off you
know I'm out the store hug you dad
goodbye please I love you guys
yeah I guess you couldn't do it good you
motherfucker
you good little loser Wyatt give him any
more subtle bitch
