what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here for to us here right there
and today is November 1st and and today
we have pretty bad news so I told you
yesterday that I was gonna ruin your
November 1st and I'm sorry that I have
to do that first I do want to apologize
I really did not intend to say anything
in yesterday's vlog I was just gonna do
an intro and outro and give you guys
those give you guys those deleted scenes
and unfortunately I couldn't get through
the outro without like breaking down we
did about four different outs Rus
everytime dude we couldn't do it
couldn't and so it was either upload the
vlog without an outro or just tell you
guys but I didn't want to get into it
yet because number one you know things
were just starting to unfold at the time
and number two I didn't want to ruin you
know Halloween for everybody so guys
today is November 1st and today
unfortunately we have to have a talk but
we're gonna do that just a little bit
right now we are arranging for Kim to
get picked up at the airport Kim I
called her immediately and she took the
first flight out
so Kim's here we're gonna arrange for
her to get picked up at the airport and
yeah then we're gonna talk so let's do
that so I promised you guys in
yesterday's vlog that I was gonna do
this and I have to do it I don't want to
do it but I got it so first things first
I want to reassure you guys that unlike
a couple of weeks ago you know a couple
of weeks ago about three weeks ago when
he was in the hospital it was because he
wasn't taking care of himself he wasn't
taking medicines he was supposed to be
taking he wasn't eating the right foods
he wasn't eating at all he wasn't
getting out of his bed he was depressed
and I had to you know snap him out of it
and ever since then he's been taking the
medicine he's been you know doing the
things that he's that he's supposed to
be doing Laurens been taking him out and
he's been trying to you know get around
and get outside and he's been really
trying for these
couple of weeks which is why I did that
prank call on them in the checkers video
because for the first time he actually
seemed like he was turning back into you
know the old him he you know before he
was very gloomy and he couldn't really
talk and he was just sort of depressed
and down and then like I noticed over a
couple days he was getting better and
we're talking it was like wow okay dad's
getting better you know he likes getting
pranked let's prank him so I did beat
checkers prank call to him
it started to take a turn for the worse
a few days after that I called him and
he was very like loopy and I thought
perhaps maybe he was taking
prescriptions again and and I didn't
want to like think that of my dad
because he beat that demon but maybe
they gave him something when he was in
the hospital then that triggered
addiction I didn't know I was unsure
what was happening but he couldn't talk
I would call but hey what's up dad
hey my god this is bad this sounds real
bad oh he was very incoherent it was
incoherent he wasn't like I couldn't
understand even what did the words he
was saying and I was like okay you know
let's uh maybe he's just tired he would
always tell me oh I haven't been to
sleep and I was a okay well you know get
some sleep and this continued and then
he comes over to my house three nights
ago and while he's here he is totally
incoherent he is trying to light a
cigarette and he was like he he was
totally out of it and I was like I was
like Lauren let's talk and I talked to
Lauren I said has he been like this
and she said yeah I don't think he's
sleeping I said Laura I don't think this
is sleep I think you need to take him to
the hospital and I told dad and he's I
flipped out as much as he could you know
taking me to the hospital and he got mad
he went home and he called me the next
day and he was still out of it and I was
like okay here's the deal you're gonna
go to the hospital or like I'm gonna
have to invoke my rights as a son to
have you for
to the hospital because there's
something going on you can either go to
the hospital or we'll have to make you
go to the hospital because there's
something wrong and so he went to the
hospital and thank God he went yes if I
hadn't said something you guys he would
have died yesterday he'd be dead right
now
what's going on you guys is he's got the
cirrhosis of the liver and it's not
filtering you know basically cirrhosis
of the liver you guys is your liver is
usually you know very spongy and it's
able to filter out you know proteins and
you know blood and toxins and people
with cirrhosis means they have scarring
on the liver and it's more rock like
than sponge like it's like a hard sponge
and it's no longer filtering correctly
and because of that he's getting billed
you know tons of buildup of toxins and
he had a toxin called ammonia I'm pretty
sure everybody has ammonia in their
bodies but your liver is able to filter
it and dad's is not able to filter it
and it started to build up and he had a
high like he has pneumonia by the way he
has pneumonia he has the cirrhosis the
UTS to you he has a urinary tract
infection which he had that last time
which means they probably never got rid
of it the first time he has the unary
urinary tract infection and what else /
do something with his feet let's say you
like this cellulitis
yes cellulitis which means you can't
touch his feet and he had the buildup of
ammonia and so yesterday I get a call
from Jennifer he had been in the
hospital and I get a call from Jennifer
uh and she said get to the hospital
right now get to the hospital right now
you are dad's power of attorney get to
the hospital right now and that one of
the phone calls I've dreaded my entire
life and I was like that's it and I get
to the hospital and he guys it looked
like the end and I hate to be blunt but
it looked like guys he was unresponsive
the lady was telling us that it's you
know a 50-50 chance that we'll survive
the day and yeah it was not good if
you're wondering why I'm not so
emotional right now it's because there
was a piece of like there was a good
sign yesterday and I'm trying to I'm
holding on to that you know what I mean
he opened his eyes yesterday and he
started trying to talk it's funny he
opened his eyes and he asked for Donald
Trump classic def and count on dad to
make everybody laugh even in the most
dire of situations he woke up and he
asked for Donald Trump he wanted to talk
to him he didn't know who I was Doug was
there
he thought Doug was like an old friend
of his but he asked for Donald Trump and
that was as much as I could hope for for
yesterday because yesterday we were all
thinking that was it we thought it was
the end we went to say goodbye we humans
we went to say goodbye I said my
goodbyes too but I said goodbye to it
yesterday guys I told him I looked at it
but I said wish there's so much together
that you know the internet loves you
you're you'll never be forgotten I
thought it was over and he opened his
eyes and he's not out of the woods he's
not he's not out of the woods you guys
but to open his eyes it was it wasn't
supposed to happen
they everybody was surprised yeah he
opened his eyes asked for Donald Trump
and then started communicating and that
was more than I could have yeah nobody
expected that I thought it was over I
thought today was going to be you know
very different yeah and like I said he's
not out of the woods man it's it's still
50/50 you know opening his eyes was such
progress
you know that's what I'm holding on to
right now I wanna you know first say
thank you to some of my really close
friends you know Isaac Jim
Paul Heyman guys for people some people
are gonna be surprised by that I'm very
very good friends with Paul hammies in
the Debbie W Annie called me and he
brought such a most to me told me you
know his phone is turned on all day it's
on and I'll be waiting for my call if I
need anything and I called him at you
know 5:15 to tell him and he was like
that is awesome and that meant the world
to me that I was able to cuz I wanted to
tell somebody something you know and he
was right there it's Paul I love you so
much
did you you've been one of the closest
friends that I've had for 10 years and
and you know I couldn't imagine my life
without you and I couldn't imagine my
life without you guys you know the intro
we did you guys was actually yesterday
we didn't record anything else we
actually do have a little bit of a
surprise Kim Kim's here you guys with us
so we're all just sort of like I think I
don't come on it's okay that was better
news I know it's just it's very sad okay
guys it's officially Halloween so
tonight the boys are gonna go
trick-or-treating and Kim you know I
know that like you know you're not there
with your daughter's trick-or-treating
but you know I think they understand
they do understand I think they're a
little sad but they get the bigger
picture grandpa sick I wish you were
here under better circumstances but I
mean I'm at least glad I'm here because
I was afraid
yeah they they told me that I probably
wasn't gonna have enough time to get
here you could say goodbye so I was
afraid the whole flight here so I'm here
I've been able to see him and tell him I
love him so one thing that I'm very
happy about uh he called me that day
to talk and I hung up because I wanted
to talk to Lauren and the last thing he
said to me was why you hang up and I
didn't want that to be your class works
but hey I was able to fix that we talked
and I apologize for hanging up water I
didn't do it out of malice I wanted him
to get help and and part of me I'm glad
I hung up because because I did that he
went to the hospital and they found this
but I did not want that to be my last
words my dad's last words to me why you
hang up that would have haunted me but
we talked he thanked me Frank yeah and
dad I love you guys if your dad calls
you answer the phone cuz you don't know
if it's the last time you're gonna talk
to him so things are better right now
he's not out of the woods but I wanted
to tell you guys everything that's
that's the whole story dad's in the
hospital he's got pneumonia
he's got cellulitis he's got cirrhosis
he had a buildup of a pneumonia of
ammonia which had him unconscious and
but now he's awake and coherent but now
he's up he's communicating and at least
he recognizes me again so guys we're
gonna continue this day my nephew's
about to go trick-or-treating and we're
gonna go see Dad I'm not gonna record it
I don't want to film that in a hospital
bed but guys we're gonna go visit love
you dad
everybody say I love you grandpa yeah
dude I just realized something
here's what
oh my girl's birthdays I'm like I don't
know Bella
hey birthday girl let's go get you a
meat pen Oh
oh my god oh man okay you know your
birthday's canceled now yeah I want my
birthday swipes back okay I hope you
guys are having a really happy Halloween
I hope you guys are having a good time I
hope it's safe of course by the time
you've seen what are you wearing this is
your Halloween costume aren't you a
little old to go trick-or-treating no
Jeff fine yeah did you have fun you just
simply Michael Myers these kids are
crazy man
what is this dude I do not like or
teaching children okay anyway guys hope
they're just going crazy look at the
history he's like one of those putts
what Jesus or whatever the ones in the
woods of Massachusetts aperture by the
time you've seen this blog do you guys
of course Halloween's over but I hope
you had a safe Halloween I hope you had
fun guys my nephew scored big
which one's yours you go what people
gave you dog treats yeah okay wait a
minute did you get candy too we're just
dog trees are you serious so you went to
a house and they gave you dog treats
okay wait a minute so you guys went to a
house and they were giving out dog
treats the boy thought I'm a girlie
people were throwing dog treats back at
the house oh my goodness dude definitely
something we probably would have done
yes you don't give out dog treats on
Halloween you are asking for toilet
paper or
giving a toothbrush yeah toothbrush or
toothpaste you're asking for it I can
see Shannon giving out like toothbrushes
you know okay brush your teeth after the
candy you guys hope you had a really
good Halloween these I'm gonna start
going through some candy in a second I'm
really exhausted right now but I want
some candy and I'm getting it JC how
come your pile of candy is so much
smaller than theirs look at their I
would go to someone's house and they
would tell me that are you too old for
took 13 I said yeah I don't care I'm
sure are nice yeah
did he give you candy no what did they
say they tell you to go home Nathan yeah
so let me get this straight they told
you you're too big and then they give
you no candy oh dude that's insane what
are you doing dude she's rooting around
like a pig
dude can Bridget look at this
he is separating all of his candy my
brand yeah he's got Twix with Twix
Snickers with Snickers
starburst everything is with each
other's what are you doing what yeah I
didn't expect that that's Papa's candy
pile over there those are his favorites
okay how it's pretty much over after
that why you boys got a lot of candy
that's very nice it really is Jacob yeah
Papa will love it yeah he's gonna love
it so much
man you guys really did guys not only
get all this but apparently we got
buckets in the car too is that right
yeah dude you guys are loaded with candy
are you guys I got some bad news okay
it's time you get a lesson about the
real world
it's called taxes so you gotta pay a
quarter of your candy taxes to
healthcare okay so that right there now
this right here this little bit covers
like corporate subsidies so let me know
what you guys want me to stop kotas list
look he's he's hiding his money in
offshore accounts he's like what money
guys you gonna get away with that but
mr. taxman
every Halloween we have a tradition Pisa
usually we go as a family
but this year we couldn't because of dad
and we didn't want to go without dad
this year so we'll get it ourselves guys
you're finished virgin oh my heart
exploding I want to feel in my heart
exploding sound anything let's show some
cheeseball you ready oh my god I'm so
jealous right now that's very good
dad would love this piece of man yeah
guys a lot of people think that piled up
and up along with pizza we do we
disagree with them we disagree we bovine
apple with pepperoni
ham we do know though pepperoni as
though that burn is a way to go and if a
pepperoni pineapple is not your thing
the other things called Stromboli made
mr. Baldi's not your thing maybe pizzas
not saying that's the case okay
oh wait let's review the review here we
go maybe a certain thing we got a
meatball sauce maybe maybe a meatball
subs not your thing this is very hot
it's burning my hand guys if that's not
your thing
chicken parm oh yeah hey I'm getting
everything a thing maybe you're not
hungry for anything savory maybe you
want dessert that's the case cannoli oh
my god this is a feast show the boys
show Ginny
everybody God everybody at the count of
three sauce say we love you papa
or we'll say grandpa for the audience
one two three
