what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here for Joyce here screw you
grandpa here well you got had a camera
every time when you of my house that'll
mean you come to my house with a veil
God you this is a conversation with
anger ground you have to have that
camera every time you come to my house
it makes me feel comfortable to know you
are you do trying to get I feel I feel
more comfortable having this camera you
josey I damn stupid bitch last night
well Steve avenge the Miss South
Carolina that ran from Miss America
which one is that the one that said
that's mrs. Mount Pleasant I'm saying
that she's the one that was all went
viral in YouTube saying didn't know what
she was talking about the dumb bitch got
out there says I'm from the state where
20% of the houses on mobile and that's
how we roll in South Carolina that dumb
guns that trying to be a joke like
that's how we roll like the house roll
fucking cut that is some rude shit she
is stupid man hey BAE there wasn't
laughs how many she say 90 yeah 90% of
people chosen 20% Oh Stan the worse in
the weather could tell last time couldn
t was talk right forgot what she was
talking about and let's anyway what
dumbass I got quiz I want ask
I want question I got a mic already
y'all moved and you didn't even tell me
where you moved it you ain't got it now
no person you gotta make it look horse
when you say that we did now oh you tell
them no no you scared you ain't gonna go
oh why can't I come to your house look
at you miss rich lady now you live it up
fancy house you thought you probably got
Florence working y'all's cooking your
dinner cleaning your house yeah alright
maybe maybe I'm being a little too mean
but for real I shouldn't come over
almost smoking your house to Michael's
other girl Michael said I could smoke in
the house Michael yeah my son yes he can
smoke out my son what music is smoke in
the house no he cannot yes I can always
that Oh see my boy loves his daddy the
homeless shelter may be open
Oh what you what Tommy you wanna be
dropped hahahaha
Brad
six but you know I'm on Saturdays and
grid I do have a say-so and you ain't
moving in
what kind of say so you got you think I
don't say so you're kind of say so he's
my son I don't care I'm dad moving in
blood is thicker than water your thing
dad you're moving in
no it's official now the bishop is show
up assure you you're bullshitting you
can sleep in the backyard with the damn
dog you're bullshitting because you know
what you do this every time you do this
like twice in the apartment now you're
gonna do it to the house it's not gonna
work
he's always not gonna move in I'll be
your dad I'm your daddy there gotta come
home Lou who's your daddy who's your
daddy baby who's your daddy bitch now
he'll be livable as you gotta know some
rules no smoking in the house and you
ain't you smoke in the house I don't
smoke it off so bridges just oh you're
going to hell from Lyon you're going to
hell for Lyon I don't believe in the
Bible Bridge is unaware that she just
said you can do you're going to
purgatory I said there's two rules to
living when you're going back to the big
ship no smoking in the house and to the
rule is knowing grandpa well this is
charles greane look at the goddamn bugs
around here me we're just terrified of
bugs watch this stop it Michael
music what's up hey catch it I got one I
just do that now your gift for me I saw
nothing in your hand you might do it
again do it with a real one I want to
see it
thank god they're all gone
dude you ate it gone home I eat em all
whoo good one let's see it crush it
no I'll prove it hey you did it
show me your tongue daddy's Grand Poobah
good Oh
yoni boss know who does I may be
poisonous oh my god they could be hey
right don't help me that if you rub your
eyes with mas dust you'll go blind no
imagine we'll do it inside dang right
yeah that's yoga home
you should go pew well I'll go puke
right now this has been a conversation
there's been a conversation with anger
grandpa yeah god you're gonna fall god
I'm gonna dive meat moth you get Bridget
of kids on camera she feels them no
you're gonna burp it I don't appreciate
okay be good
y'all gonna put a mop in his mouth
