what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here and I just want to say first
of all I moved now I'm not gonna show
the house right now I'll show it at a
future video but it's just jacked up I
will show a glimpse let's do that so
this the house and there's just so much
more work to be done that I want the
video to be done when the house looks
good so anyway I just wanted to give a
quick update
first of all grandpa is back in
Charleston
he left Columbia he's actually back for
a few days I guess you ran out of money
and he didn't even tell me he was coming
home so I wasn't able to film I wanted
to film him when he came home but all of
a sudden he's just home he calls me
weird dude I'm just you know home didn't
even bother telling me so
grandpa's back Hey tonight is the
episode by the way if you if you don't
watch Breaking Bad you need to get on it
tonight is Ozymandias and this should be
the episode to transform the final
episodes of the season series this is
the episode I've gotten some stuff wrong
for my predictions video a couple of
things weren't didn't pan out but some
of it did and I'm gonna stand by this
episode being the episode of the series
so watch Breaking Bad tonight I'm not
even gonna order Night of Champions just
so I can watch Breaking Bad a lot of
people have been asking me you know did
I reorder grand theft auto 5 after I
cancelled it and I did I didn't for a
while you know I can't I did I went to
gamestop that day and I cancelled my
pre-order cuz I you know I was so pissed
off and I didn't order it again until I
got the ps3 so I have ordered my grand
theft auto 5 through PlayStation 3
through the PlayStation Store and
reason I did it and this is gonna sound
like a sales pitch for Sony but you know
I don't got those kind of hookups but
the reason I did it through the Sony
store is because if you order grand
theft auto 5 pre-order the Sony store
that you can get up like 75% off of like
other rockstar games so when i preorder
grand theft auto on the PlayStation 3 I
then download a red dead redemption for
like $5 so I ordered it on the
PlayStation Store I'm gonna download it
at 3 o'clock in the morning Tuesday
morning Monday night and I'm gonna play
it until my fingers are numb yeah of
course I was pissed off they pushed the
release but I'm not gonna not play the
game of course I'm gonna play Grand
Theft Auto 5 I'm waiting for this game
for years you know I was upset they
pushed it now if they were to push it
today I don't know what the hell I would
do if they were to say oh the games not
coming out Tuesday by the way we're
gonna put you to Christmas that would
piss me off
that would piss me off so yes I'm gonna
play Grand Theft Auto 5 and speaking of
so is grandpa this Tuesday I'm gonna
have grandpa play Grand Theft Auto 5
finally he always talks about no one
will play that stupid fucking game I
don't care about that shit well he's
gonna play it Tuesday so dad get ready
welcome back to Charleston hopefully you
get to play little Grand Theft Auto
before the nuke comes and that noise is
Bridget she is actually going through
some of the boxes unpacking all right I
get I get I gotta get I can't even speak
anymore I get to look forward to that
there we go I said it right Bridget what
nothing
so that's it what was that
he's doing I'm filming I was joking
oh no God I didn't see that you got a
knife in your hand
I'm leaving chops why are your
nucleophiles are you getting different
you dumbass
okay I need about it above Johnson ah
damn that is fear mongering denial can
it'll be blown away hearing me is gonna
be blown are you gonna be blown away I'm
not gonna be blown away love you if you
stay you're gonna be blown away
dead why do you believe this is
happening
