what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here and a lot of you gonna say
oh look at his eyes he's been smoking
weed oh oh my god he's crying
actually I haven't gotten any sleep yet
I've been up for over 24 hours now
because I'm packing and you know I have
a job outside of YouTube that I got to
do as well so I've been doing that so
you have this so anyway I promised you
guys the story of the time grandma
bought Chinese food it was about 1995
and mom worked at a nursing home
grandma was working at a nursing home
where you take care of old people and
stuff like that and every time she would
come home dad would either not have
dinner ready or the food he was making
was burnt so one day she comes home and
she has herself a plate of Chinese food
herself nobody else one plate one
eggroll one little plate of Chinese food
and she comes in sits down on the couch
and starts eating it in front of all of
us now dad was sitting at the table it
was only coming wounds that's beginning
stages of him expressing that he is now
pissed off by asking do those only come
in ones because he still does that to
this day mom just ignores it vacuum I am
mmm
eating her Chinese food here we are I
wasn't I was a kid I was in your
elementary school at the time so I'm
just staying there mmm and we're all
waiting for dad's burnt chicken to cook
he's cooking chicken in the kitchen him
bitch you know emerged up and God did
chicken I'm a Chinese man and you can
tell that dad is just getting angrier
and angrier and angrier as he sits there
and watches her eat a plate of Chinese
food with nothing for him I had nothing
to do with us even give a shit that we
didn't have any Chinese food he was
pissed off that there was no Chinese
food for him so I look over and he is
just getting angrier goddamn bitch
two-bit foot
and it's eating at him and you can see
with every second he's getting angrier
and angrier just because mom has herself
a plate of Chinese food now I do agree I
think it was selfish you know you don't
you eat at the place eat it in the car
why do you got to go out bring a plate a
Chinese food home to a poor family who
rarely has anything to eat and you eat
it in front of them so finally dad just
snaps he gets up goes to the kitchen and
now mind you everything is turned on the
stove he has one of the burners cooking
green beans one of the burners cooking
this like disgusting grease gravy that
he really likes that is disgusting then
on the main burner he has a cooking pot
that he's frying chicken in so he takes
his forearm and he swipes everything
from the stove to the floor I'm talking
the pot agrees the beans the gravy and I
guess he forgot he was cooking chicken
to begin with because when he does it
grease splashes up it's like somebody
threw a freaking stone into a pond in it
and it gets on his face his stomach his
arm she's screaming ah meanwhile grease
hits the burner and catches on fire and
what the fuck do I know I grab a glass
of water and I throw it on top of it
next thing you know get higher I guess
you don't put water on a grease fire and
dad you stupid motherfucking goddamn
piece of shit he takes this big thing of
salt and just dumped it who died damn
you stupid piece of shit oh boy I got it
in half dad he had burns all over his
stomach he had burns on his arm
on his face his cheeks and he's fucking
lost it now I got a fucking bag not
about you oh my god
obviously you couldn't understand them
that's what he gets when he gets so out
of control you just don't know what the
hell he's saying anymore meanwhile mom's
in the living room ignoring it like it's
not even happening just sitting there
eating her sweet and sour chicken I'm
this fucking good lion ignoring the fact
that grandpa her husband is in the
kitchen screaming from grease burns all
over his body
he's fucking screaming the food's just
droid fuck it that's when dad with his
burns on his body decides to go in the
living room and sit in a recliner so we
could hmm oh god dad Tita while he's
rocking in the chair mom's just ignoring
him he's obviously trying to get her
attention I may need to go to hospital
Tina again
whoo look at my skin meanwhile the rest
of my brothers and sisters are sitting
next to mom hoping that something will
fall on the floor I guess or whatever
and mom makes the comment Oh goddamn
sitting next to me like dogs like
vultures and that was enough for Dad
we're good damn bitch you said every
Chinese food gets up grabs her plate of
Chinese food tosses it at the front door
like a frisbee dad walks to his bedroom
slams the door and we hear shit breaking
for the next couple of minutes
it's another dysfunctional day the house
almost catches on fire dad's covered in
grease burns there's Chinese food in the
front yard about five minutes later dad
comes out goddamn Tina you take me to
hospital you need a big idea hospital
and they leave they go to the hospital
or so we were told they went to Chinese
dad took ride to a Chinese buffet
I guess his way of apologizing for
flipping out and getting Chinese food
himself so he did exactly what she was
doing the exact reason he flipped out to
begin with oh you can't get enough
everybody
I guess they didn't have enough for
everybody at the buffet fair enough for
me I went I'm good I'm leaving
Charleston
why I got a nuclear bomb are you getting
timid you got us a goddamn nigga Monica
Papa cousin ah damn that is
fear-mongering denial daddy can be blown
away hearing me is gonna be blown and
you're gonna be blown away
I'm not gonna be blown away if you stay
you're gonna be blown away
dad why do you believe this is happening
