what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here and last night was the angry
grandpa nuclear meltdown which if you
haven't seen it yet check it out right
here click right there
now then if you've seen it you know that
I told grandpa the story that I read ok
so I woke up and a friend of mine named
Jim sent me this story and it said that
Lindsey Graham is saying that we don't
attack Syria then we're gonna get nuked
we as in Charleston where we live are
gonna get nuked so you know I decided
I'm I should probably tell dad this so I
told Dad and now he's gone he is in
Columbia right now in the meantime we'll
take a look at a little more footage
from last night he's just spotted a
South Carolina this is he a democrat or
republican in 81 which one is he he's
one of the other he's either one well it
depends on which side he wants to be on
today fear-mongering ok how about this
how about if the bump is how about we
gonna talk to Clemens check your mouth
if the bomb is really going off then how
about we go pack your stuff I ain't
eatin ed with me why I'm calmer I think
you've assigned
mean put down you're scaring me you need
to begin would involve your laughs and
now Pleasant you damn stupid ball Robin
you're not going to goddamn dog
my answer where's everybody else that
will the cars I'm leaving all right dad
I'll talk to you here - then you know I
mean I'm moving I'm moving Saturday I
need help
dad I need help moving hey what's up dad
it's not gonna get it's not gonna get
blown up
what pool you're in a hotel okay so what
are you gonna do when come tomorrow
we're still here and you're running out
of money up for the hotel so I guess
you're coming home
it's not gonna blow up you're gonna be
okay so if you if you keep saying that
you're gonna have no money you're gonna
be homeless so you need to come home
yeah you got it
that's it I'm gonna go like subscribe
favorite share the video that's a new
one like subscribe share share on
Twitter share on Facebook do all that
stuff anyway
uh see you guys okay Kotex holes this is
good really exactly you do know you have
a cover that babes up top cuz you don't
need blood this ain't 1950 you're not
need to plug it all the time they were
in a diaper haze a Blood Diamond
it is a divers a diver for women
