what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here and to explain in the boxes
I'm moving and just to answer a bunch of
the questions that I've been getting on
Facebook about it the main reason that I
am moving so I can move closer to
grandpa right now it takes about 30
minutes from my apartment to grandpa's
house because he lives in bumfuck Egypt
and me and Bridget found a place that's
five minutes away from his house so
we're gonna live within five minutes of
grandpa again which means I'll be over
there more often which means I'll film
more often and Bridget is right there
I'm explaining to everybody why we're
moving
so this frigate with a box on her head
see you wouldn't do that again what
screaming funny saying you need to keep
the box over your head okay but the box
knocked over your head please I'm a good
and simulate comments now she needs your
waiter Bosch more often she looks better
with that box Helen they don't got then
I got a big enough for her try a
refrigerator box is that so we are on
our way to Walmart to get some more
boxes and some more tape yes what
there's a $3 a box that Walmart so we're
gonna go bag to the stalkers four boxes
now like please so it's really maybe I
shouldn't even blog right here because
you can't see nothing
oooh let's check on that spider
okay I'm gonna show you guys a spider
real quick he's right over there no he's
right there okay
but to get closer to it as terrified as
I am of this thing
so
ya see it so Bridget and I ran across
this platter yesterday
take a look at the footage so Bridget
and I were walking and we saw this
fucking thing you were about to walk
right into that man you try to get
another shot of it
so that's what's happening right now I
just wanted to give you guys an update
that we're moving as soon as as soon as
Saturday we're moving Saturday I know I
promised you guys details on what's
gonna happen in October and that's still
gonna happen I'll get the first thing
I'll tell you is we're gonna do a couple
more of those Ghost Box videos the
Paranormal Activity I ordered one today
off of ebay so I'm waiting for it to
come because we lost the other one we
actually shattered the other one because
we were terrified of it because we
started hearing like voices and stuff in
the house I didn't I'm not terrified of
it
bridgett claims she was here in check I
heard I heard thumps I heard everything
it happened to be the time that I wasn't
in the house it was just terrible
and my dogs flipped out of the ceiling
tomorrow I'm gonna tell the story of the
time grandma came home with Chinese for
herself and nobody else what well
everyone can see vlogging right now hi
everybody I'm when the cameras go they
see a light moving stop it so they could
see you in general so anyway tomorrow
I'm gonna tell you the story by the time
that mom came home for Chinese for
herself and that happened a couple of
times but this time in particular is a
pretty good story because it resulted
and in the entire kitchen being
destroyed while Dad was cooking so I'll
tell you that story tomorrow it's one to
remember what ah hey what I'll never
forget is one of our many domestic
disputes
you if you would call it that so there
you go I'm moving this Saturday closer
to Grandpa which means more videos
potentially and that's it like subscribe
favorite West Bay Brody on Facebook
Bridget on Nicole - every time she
speaks I wanna cut my cheek bridges shut
your mouth so I can embarrass all I
wanna hope she fucking dies let's say
that I'm evil see it's all read on now
it's blue
