what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here and not gonna waste any time
talking like I am now I'm actually
wasting time talking but I'm not gonna
waste any more time I'm just gonna show
you a preview of the video that I'm
gonna be uploading tomorrow night the
garbage burrito this is a sequel to the
garbage dog because it happened again
so there you go that what are you doing
over there why are you doing that why
was that happening Bell's like what the
fuck
better go bite mama anyway like
subscribe favorite and watch out for the
video tomorrow night I'm gonna upload it
about eight o'clock so check it out the
garbage burrito and Bella's freaking out
oh it even rips easy the other packaging
was hard to get into and that's what I
liked about it it was challenging now we
get the fruit gushers in this cheap
package that probably holds less so
ultimately we're getting less fruit
gushers than we were before
