what's going on you guys keeping on a
camera here
fridge Wes there we're driving down the
street and I just want to make a video
because I've been getting a lot of
messages from people saying that they
didn't have an opportunity to ask
grandpa question for whatever reason it
is they didn't have a webcam or you know
they didn't have a video camera and they
couldn't asked a question so I'm gonna
go ahead and give the opportunity now
I'm gonna do what 20 questions bang your
grandpa and you can send your questions
on Twitter now if you don't have a
Twitter make a Twitter so join Twitter
and ask your question with the hashtag
angry grandpa
Thank You grandpa hashtag
angry grandpa you can also tweet us I am
at lyric old rap I'm at Bridgette West
but she's not gonna be answering any
questions so I don't know why you were
tweet your question and there's also the
angry grandpa what's that
what are you gonna do the 200 doesn't
subscribe when are you gonna do that
after we okay so after we move we're
gonna do that fuckin video this month
we're going to do the video I promise
yes we're doing the 200 thousand
subscriber video so you can tweet us
your question at lirik old rap at
Bridgette bridge West I'll give her a
bum there at the angry grandpa or you
can also just do the hashtag the angry
grandpa hashtag I was going to the
hashtag is cool
they can do both I would like I'm trying
to get I'm trying to use this as a
cheesy promotion to get twitter
followers follow me on Twitter where are
we going I'm going to Walmart okay yeah
all right so if you want to ask any
grandpa question because you couldn't
send one for the live video Q&A then
send it to us on Twitter we're gonna
sort through them we're gonna answer
some of your questions that way and
that's it the light is off by the way
because a cop drove by lights back on
so anyway finish your questions yes so
yes and questions well answer them
really you're so enthusiastic about my
idea it was bridges ideas she was like
Vichy a vacant not everybody can answer
the ask the question you should do it
for Twitter so anyway there you go make
a Twitter submit your question and we're
gonna choose some to answer for you
hashtag that angry grant I get it okay
they understand good thank you like
subscribe favorite and cue my cute
little outro she's begging you to
subscribe like subscribe write a light
subscribe and cue my little outro oh it
even rips easy the other packaging was
hard to get into and that's what I liked
about it it was challenging now we get
the fruit gushers in this cheap package
that probably holds less so ultimately
we're getting less fruit gushers than we
were before
