what's going on you guys get me on the
camera here right there and today is
Halloween today is Halloween Halloween
guys okay chill out it's hard to talk
guys today is Halloween and today if you
guys are watching this before you go
trick-or-treating I want you guys to be
very careful out there look after
yourselves look out for sketch people
okay you don't know what people are
capable of or what they're gonna do stay
away from strange and does anyone steal
your candy guys usually there's a rule
of thumb in life don't take stranger
arcana from strangers but tonight you
need to take some candy from strangers
yeah yeah just like go to a neighborhood
though no of course no it's just some
dude to college I got candy stay away
from that's rule number one don't go to
that car guys today is Halloween and the
vlog for today is as you can tell
drastically short and the reason that
it's drastically short it's cause I
don't want to like weigh your Halloween
down with a whole bunch of stuff so
today we decided for the vlog we were
gonna present to you the deleted scenes
from yesterday Shannon video which by
the way if you didn't see yesterday's
video Shannon came to visit I loved aunt
Shannon she was so she's a little
different this time just kind of mean
Shanna's starting to lose it guys this
might be going into a future iteration
of stories guys if you haven't seen it
check this out
check your tape oh okay why where's your
costume okay how are you 13 13 we have
more candy okay
don't know won't work and II want more
candy anyway that was yesterday if you
haven't seen it check it out the link is
below
and now I present to you the aftermath
of the Shannon video how are you - yes
yeah okay one glad your spit of the
naive let's finish watching hocus pocus
how you lost that mo I've seen a million
times salmon well honey you can't leave
without your camera hi hey honey I've
got the camera now oh you - hi I'm sorry
to blow much makeup
look I'm gonna call Michael um I'm back
no sweetie same with Shannon Shannon
honey I'm scared why are you so scared
I'm very scared for Halloween I know
that I say that I like it and everything
but it's actually kind of terrifying if
people come to your door as for candy I
all right Shannon this is called
trick-or-treaters I'm pretty sure you'd
you know that right yeah holding on but
but sometimes the treats are a little
scary the tricks that what what kind of
tricks
don't worry about it honey okay so
that's for a fresher crust preheat oven
to 400 Oh sannen why does your hair
stink
oh it doesn't sweetie it smells like
pina okay you stick to the script so
sweet oh why could you go ahead and stop
that okay oh it really stings why don't
you take a shower for one cut
you know Bridgette I can't do the sketch
if you're gonna be calling me to break
character everyman
okay I'm trying to make fresh Atta
Shannon wants to cook for you okay so
just go chill okay so okay stop this
garbage good do that fresh shout out oh
boy is this oh my god this is crazy this
is your favorite pizza knows a lot yes I
hate fresh Jenna I won't die what are
you joke about that a Shannon this I
like this over that or I'll eat Jack's
okay cuz I know actually Shannon hates
Jags fourchette is your favorite pizza
tardy what I had to beat the night yeah
we are yeah yeah if Janice decided this
is a deleted scene happy okay sweetie
well you wanted garbage fresh Etta so
we're gonna do that for you pretty of it
before oh my gosh guys fun fact about
Shannon wait this is real fun fact about
you what Michaels favorite pizza in the
world ever best ever say for Sarah is
Domino's
he's a Domino's lover what's with his
boss
Shannon's weak so I'm gonna make some
pizza because this was such a huge fail
okay sweetie sometimes she and messes up
I need you to go ahead and drag it back
a little well look I got you your
favorite movie we caught the pizza scene
back there cuz you ruined it so can we
do the pizza scene at all
Shannon it's art ever okay I'm making
Bridget some pizza for dinner well
that's not my dinner that's your dinner
Shannon okay I'm gonna leave it okay I'm
hungry okay but I have something for you
Shannon okay your favorite beverage
what is this pumpkin spice sweet tea I'm
not feeling very well forty today again
you are shim doesn't want it like
Shannon loves pumpkin spice so don't do
this because you know I have to drink it
now Shannon who are you fine I'll go
with it Judy's a deal pumpkin spice tea
start the scene over all right okay
Shannon a little wool sheep well I got
your favorite beverage Oh pumpkin spice
sweet tea
you shouldn't have I know I saw it and I
thought of you you know I just love
pumpkin spice I know I was totally
making me pumpkin spice bathwater hmm
you've even try it Jen take an actual
step oh wow you're gonna hurt my
feelings you know your Friday the 13th
with some air you want to be booted so
pumpkin spice tea yeah I love it
nah bro good it's so good
it's a finisher no sweetie she Evans a
diabetic oh I need my insulin shot up
I'm gonna drinks oh if you need insulin
perfect
sweetie how doesn't make any sense
insulin is for people that need sugar
it's awful I know it's really bad this
should not be a product you know they've
gone you know honey they've got a little
overboard with pumpkin spice I mean I've
even seen you know pumpkins but I don't
know as much you know you smell like a
sour pumpkin not he's like a rotted
pumpkin did I show you what I got from
Publix no so hard to open look it's a
little ghost how cute durable it animal
it's a little brownie I guess all I can
look okay I'm on a diet but I can cheat
once in a while don't kill Wayne I want
that Hank hmm yeah okay thanks I'm gonna
show you the earrings of what I thought
you said Hank bought those that's what I
meant
oh hey water from a car wash you go from
a car wash what do you think hmm I think
there are two purple do you want
but--look well it goes to one of these
things called brownies Michael what do
you want a ghost brownie yes oh this is
so cute are they good
oh there there okay what do you mean
okay great
the ad just tastes a little stale or
something I'll let the crunchiness
your personality is today oh there you
go you're not wearing the wig Oh
oh my gosh you're gonna tell me this
stuff before I start the scenes Shannon
how much longer you're gonna be in there
you want me to leave just kidding it's
me Shannon oh you're so whimsical how do
we prank don't show the shorts I changed
out of the pants well you're not even a
girl anymore look I'll be honest I'm
worn out we do it don't show the pants
okay okay I never showed it by the way
okay
it is what it is happy Halloween
everyone that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching like I said
all of this was just the Shannon
outtakes I don't want to ruin you guys
Halloween
unfortunately I may have to ruin your
November 1st yeah we got some bad news
you guys we're not gonna talk about it
right now I don't I don't want to take
anybody's Halloween and just stomp on it
all right but you know things aren't the
best right now so we're gonna talk to
you guys about that tomorrow I don't
want to you know we'll talk about that
tomorrow you guys thanks for watching I
want to say from us thank you so much
for all the support that you give us
things are good
hey like subscribe favorite hold on
everything but us and don't take this as
a sign for the worship guys dad's still
kicking it's not he's he's still with us
you guys I want you to think the worst
it's just we got to talk tomorrow so
thank you guys so much and happy
Halloween
you
