what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and I have a bone to pick
with General Mills for years I've been
buying fruit gushers in four years it's
had the same type of packaging that I've
grown accustomed to this paper like
whatever it is material that you've had
your fruit gushers in for the past few
years a packaging that I have gotten
used to and accustomed to and grown to
love and now I buy a box of fruit
gushers and this is what I get
this cheap oh it even rips easy the
other packaging was hard to get into and
that's what I liked about it it was
challenging now we get the fruit gushers
in this cheap package that probably
holds less so ultimately we're getting
less fruit gushers than we were before
of course they still come bunched
together like they usually do looking
like a DNA strip of sorts but still I go
mmm mmm food reviewer right now mmm
these are by now oh shit was one snuck
in the packet you know if somebody were
to start a petition for gushers to go
back to the original packaging because
this sucks
I'll sign up if anybody knows where one
might be say that to me because I'll
sign it because this is not what I've
grown accustomed to this is not what I'm
used to it's not what I like it's not
what I support fruit gushers I want back
the old packaging
they are good though I'll soak up all
the packaging back I'll sign any
petition somebody send this video to
General Mills I'm upset
