what's going on you guys keep me on
camera here and I just wanted to address
the fact that I've gotten so many
messages for the past year of people
just asking will I make videos of me
playing games and well I make gameplay
videos and commentary videos me playing
video games and I decided I'm gonna
start looking into it I'm gonna see what
it takes I'm not really sure the steps I
gotta take in order to do this so if any
of you guys have any information you can
send to me in my inbox send it and I'm
where I'm well aware a lot of you were
looking at that right now I know a lot
of you people are ignoring this which is
good but you're focusing on this so
while I say hey send me a message with
any information you have you see send me
a message with any information you have
I just need to know a couple of basics
one what exactly do I need to record the
game off my television to begin with -
am I even allowed to show video game
footage on YouTube 3 what game should I
record myself playing and 4 why did I
shave my face and hair and ignore my
unibrow so that's what I'm gonna be
doing I'm gonna be looking into possibly
recording myself playing games because
so many people have been asking me to do
it my friend Isaac came up with the
title kid behind a console which I liked
I'm not gonna make a new channel for
this I'm just gonna upload the videos
here so if anybody really knows the
answers to the questions that I need to
know can I use the videos on YouTube
what do I got to record my television
with and what games should I play sin
send it to my direct messages here send
it to my inbox here on YouTube I'll
check it out anyway that's all I got
time for today I got a video coming out
in a couple of days where I'm gonna
discuss October because October is gonna
be a really good month for pranking
angry grandpa and it ain't just I must
destroy it all like all you guys are
writing me I got a lot planned for
October but I can't really say it
because people are gonna message a to
them on Facebook and I know I just
acknowledge the I must destroy yo like
subscribe favorite
that's it can I have that get out of the
car yes I got a new couple perfect
you didn't they're going through my crap
you win a week to do anything right
fucking birthday no pretty good brush it
out get out smells good
damn smoke yeah she got you can't have
it that's cheap shit
no it's not
