so I'm sitting with Bridget who the
video just went online and she said I
couldn't get her
oh you can't prank me you can't prank me
I prank what do you mean it was her
pregnant asshole
I made you think all week that we forgot
about your birthday let me see this I
gave you some subpar dinner some Swedish
meatballs for your birthday dinner made
you think that and I've got it and see
before yesterday she was good and I got
do you want to break up I'll get real it
does this
Bridget breaks up with pickleboy the
video no I'm saying do you not love me
anymore
I mean Bridget breaks up with pickleboy
prank
hey here's Clyde Clyde what do you think
about us breaking up I'm saying you want
to break up with me asshole what is that
even me oh I'll get Clyde mm ah so yeah
you do
I'd never even implied it cuz I pranked
you it means I want to break up do you
want to break over me every time you
prank me are you arranged me to think
dad murder of somebody you want to bring
go me this is my birthday
I was bored on this day I was born on
this day how about our way I am oh I
like to mourn my birthday's because I
don't like you still I brought you
cheesecake in bed I didn't want to
celebrate the candle you're so happy and
I got you so many presents you did I'm
not gonna lie I got you presents I spent
like three hundred dollars on you for
your birthday
that was not three hundred you spent
like a hundred three hundred and there
was a $50 bill on that card
there was shoes there was a cup there
were I did you even read the card I
don't think she read the card I put a
lot of emotion into it didn't you just
signed your name Michael you don't know
that so what did I say just said Michael
this isn't a Bulldog's farting and then
Michael I'm not good at picking out
cards I don't know about this stuff so
anyway I made Bridget think that we
forgot her birthday for an entire week
and I didn't how was your
how was the Swedish meatballs anyway
they're good see it wasn't it was a good
birthday then and you who are you even
talked to that's what I wanna know who
are you talking to talking shit Oh God
last birthday was good who Tabitha yeah
we just didn't want to say her name on
video Tabitha my ice sheet oh here Clyde
tell them about the Swedish meatballs
how good it was so Bridget was talking
shit to Matt me on the phone I my god I
had a horrible birthday because my
boyfriend's ass huh you are an asshole I
didn't forget you'd have a horrible done
the birthday cake was still it wasn't
even aware of it now that is that wait a
minute wait a minute asshole that was
not a pro wait a minute no what do you
see she her she honestly believes that
it wasn't even a prank she you saw the
video I had a filming all week I found
you talking about me but you're trying
to prank me but it was stupid it was it
worked it was a good prank you believed
it you thought I forgot about your
birthday so what that makes you an
asshole now the cake thing I told Dad to
get the cake and I'm fryer horror
I got showed this dad comes in with a
cake dad comes comes to my house with a
cake you haven't even seen this Bridget
that he had already cut and eaten on all
I have given you was a slice from the
thing this is what it looked like - a
slice he had already eaten her damn
birthday cake you know what you're doing
it makes me look really materialistic I
don't appreciate it oh you don't this is
my first birthday with you that I got
nothing that you didn't care oh yes you
don't want to be filmed
birthday girl what I what do you got
what happened
Billa pillowtown
