so I was given an alternate version of
White Castle style sliders to do by my
friend Isaac who said the ones I did
just aren't close enough so he sent over
a recipe told me to try it out I'm going
to try it out right here
White Castle style sliders and I thought
I had something else to say there I
presented it as if I had something else
to say like White Castle style sliders
and pickle boys kitchen but I didn't
follow it up with anything so first we
got a pound and a half of ground beef 1
package of lifting onion soup mix wait
for it 1 tablespoon of peanut butter
that's right and half a cup milk the
next step is just mix all of this
together peanut butter milk onion soup
mix mix together and if you're worried
so am i never done this I don't know
that it's going to work but I'm trusting
my friend Isaac to be accurate and
telling me that this is going to taste
like a White Castle burger and you
should end up with something like this
on a cookie sheet thinned out laid out I
use the rolling pin to thin it out as
much as I could and remember this is
going to shrink so this is what we end
up with and we're going to bake this in
the oven for 8 minutes on 350 okay it's
been about 8 minutes
so my next step is to take this out a
little bit and I'm just going to
sprinkle onions well let the onions the
onions cooking this juice here some of
them are keeping on top of the meat the
others click on the sides and I scoop on
top afterwards as you see I have put the
onions back on and now I start layering
this beef whatever you want to call it
with slices of cheese and now we just
let it bake for another five or so
minutes until the cheese is melted
ready to take it out I have split my
Hawaiian rolls in the tops I'm just
going to place in here for the remainder
of this baking so cut them up into
squares we got that here we go
mmm
I can't deny it okay it's just like a
White Castle way better than the sliders
I made last time I gotta give it to eyes
it thank you for the recipe
thank you out hood by the way Isaac is
together you're fired by alpine access
the one who I do the radio show with
sometimes so there you go like subscribe
crime oh yeah please life subscribe to
Roger West so that's it see you guys
next time
