a little mom I'll just tell him he'll
see how good she looks I wanted to show
her real quick
where'd you say mom looks good
yeah it's time to go natural gray like
fades up I like that losing a good color
company look at Elton John something
about the way you look tonight look how
big he's gotten huh fine
I think he's gonna be one of those
English bulldozers jolly me he always
looks sad yeah I'm gonna get me a kitten
today the name is Charlie you really
were gonna name it Charlie yep maybe
Charlie either I love it or hate it
she's just gonna give a kid named
Charlie nobody can take this Charlie
farm I want to get a hairless cat named
Charlie why dad's got plenty in here
wait
I don't know anything about dad's
personal affairs I want to get they look
like I'm gonna name it Smeagol which
that little creature from the Lord of
the Rings you know her - Lord of the
Rings yeah have you ever seen it nope
well you wouldn't like it you would
think it's the most boring piece of shit
ever
you see Bridget's away crooks as you can
see you will completely hey you're awake
once he mom where'd you get that shirt
it was it was almost like a step into
the 70s but it isn't yeah goodwill in
Iran goodwill I didn't know I didn't
realize until recently cuz me and
Bridget we're at Goodwill searching for
a dress cuz we're doing the video still
it's already packing we were at Goodwill
searching for a dress because we because
we have to do a video with purchasing a
dress and we went there looking and
there weren't any but we found we found
a couple of dresses Vidya they weren't
they were too small they were like
freaking $10 apiece
there were children's dresses I can't
believe how cheap that store was well
mom has to leave so parting words mom
that's bums parting words bye love you
like subscribe babe subscribe hey like I
got a UH a poster in my window I said
don't be where the dog beware the bitch
because I bite harder than a dog all
that ha ha God but you hate that don't
you Guinness fittings no mm that'll cost
wholeness and implant in Jesus Christ
can't women what about Jim Carrey he got
like a look when he was a kid he got his
just like that that that piece on his
mouth moves real I'm dumb dumber oh yeah
you got all y'all was like a little
piece that goes over top veneer hey
those are nice glasses
where'd you get those Walmart Walmart
I'm still getting used to my take them
off everyone so long can you see better
now
yeah it was like well I was but you
didn't realize how bad drives worsens -
you put one yeah yeah oh oh yeah I got a
cataract so she said the more I wear
them though the better it is like Iraq's
likes are you that yeah cousin has one
clear eye for they'll just do laser
surgery and then well that was a moment
with Nana wait one we'll call it Nana
that was a moment with Grandma
so like subscribe favorite have birthday
to bridge that she fell asleep
supporting this so go back to sleep
BYE MOM love you
