what's going on you guys queue behind
the camera here and today I am making
Swedish meatballs for Bridget's birthday
dinner
last year it was spaghetti this year
Swedish meatballs starting with the
onions which have to saute to this I'm
going to add a little bit of butter and
we're just going to cook these onions
until it become translucent next step is
to put our beef in a bowl and to that we
add ground pork and we mix this together
now the next part is three egg yolks now
like I said you only need the yolk so
the way you separate an egg you break it
you just keep doing this right here you
don't want any of the egg white all you
need is the yolk
you still waiting for food to dry babies
we add our sauteed onions next I'm going
to do 1/4 a teaspoon of allspice 1/4 a
teaspoon of nutmeg half a teaspoon of
black pepper 1/4 cup milk 1 teaspoon of
kosher salt 1 tablespoon of flour 1/2 a
cup of plain bread crumbs and 1
tablespoon of Parmesan cheese use your
hands people right now I'm just using
this to initially get in there use them
hands just put people in there I'm going
to sear it off which means I'm just
going to brown it a little bit on those
all around it and the rest of the way so
we cook in the oven it's time to take
our meatballs out to show them to you
these are the meatballs of course I'm
going to keep them in the oven to stay
warm going to show them to you meatballs
are done the oven is off the next step
is our sauce now you're going to start
melting some butter in the pan that you
sauteed the onions and the meatballs in
and just going to add the butter it's
going to have this brown color to it and
now I just add my flour I don't have any
measurements for this I just add until I
think it looks right so I'm going to
make this into a roux stir until it's
brown ok now I've got a bullion cube
this is a beef bouillon cube I'm going
to crush that into this beef broth
Oh me a little bits at a time add that
much whisk and they'll start trying to
the spit fate be FRA whisk I lay my body
to rest please keep on doing this until
so far as you can see it's a cream this
is thick beef flavored cream I wanted a
little browner than this so I'm going to
keep cooking it keep adding beef stock
until it's the right color the
consistency that I like I got our
noodles boiling right here and from this
I'm gonna start adding some heavy
whipping cream okay so now I've added my
heavy cream
we should have a Swedish meatball sauce
let's try it
hmm so we add a base layer of egg
noodles to these egg noodles
I have meatballs meatball meatball
meatball so we had some balls of meat
and now we're going to cover everything
mmm
yes this is a measuring cup what you
cook with them don't you and Bon Appetit
urgent for the birthday hey seriously
got your birthday dinner
that's amazing
try meatball
tastes like Swedish meatballs it's the
best regionals ever had hmm thank you
so that's it like/subscribe kind of a
brain and branch out is show path day
god bless you this day I wish you the
wishes of a happy birthday and I'm proud
of you this day will bridge on is your
birthday Swedish meatball so bridges
birthday
