what's going on you guys keep you on a
camera here and I've been watching for
the past 24 hours as people on twitter
facebook i GN IMDB Rotten Tomatoes
everywhere people can voice an opinion
they've been voicing it an outrage over
the fact that Ben Affleck has been cast
to play Batman and the Superman vs
Batman movie due out next year a lot of
people have been asking me how do I feel
about Ben Affleck playing Batman
batfleck who cares I think a lot of you
people who are getting a little too
worked up over such a small issue it
seems that this happens anytime somebody
has cast to play a superhero
I remember when Tobey Maguire was cast
to play spider-man everybody was angry
oh my god
he's an indie actor he's - sooo
unimportant and he's not popular enough
and he's too wimpy and he played an
excellent spider-man everybody was
bitching when Hugh Jackman was cast to
play Wolverine and the x-men movies
everybody was freaking out what huh oh
god Hugh Jackman Hugh Jackman made an
excellent Wolverine people were bitching
an outrage over the fact that Robert
Downey jr. had been cast to play Tony
Stark in the Iron Man movies it was
outrage nobody was happy movie was being
boycotted Robert Downey jr. made an
excellent Tony Stark I remember a couple
of years ago I was working at Kohl's
which is a department store and I was
working overnight and we unloaded the
trucks and the radio was playing and
they made an announcement a historical
announcement that Heath Ledger was gonna
be playing the Joker in the Batman
movies and everybody in there myself
included were screaming an outrage
Heath Ledger Brokeback Mountain meets
Batman
well Heath Ledger went on to put on one
of the greatest performances I've ever
seen in any superhero movie bar none now
I'm not trying to say that Ben Affleck
as Batman is gonna be as good as Heath
Ledger as the Joker I'm not making that
comparison what I am trying to say as
you guys are getting all worked up over
something that you don't really
understand yet you don't know the kind
of Batman that Ben Affleck it's gonna
make Ben Affleck has more than made up
for those popcorn flicks that he did a
couple of years ago like gee Lee and
Jersey girl and daredevil and stuff that
he was given to do because he was a
heartthrob and he's made up for those
with some serious acting roles
he's an Oscar winner he's a director he
was amazing in Argo he was amazing in
the town just given a chance Ben Affleck
is not that bad of an actor that
everybody's got to freak out like this
it's like anytime they hear a name cast
as a familiar face outrage ensues and
they're wrong every time so instead of
jumping to conclusions this time maybe
we should just go with the flow
ride the wave see how he does because
he's playing Batman anyway
like subscribe favorite dislike you're
gonna do it anyway so that's it
