what's going on you guys keep Yanni
camera here and I just want to take a
couple of minutes to sit here and talk
about the Xbox as opposed to the ps3 now
I've been an Xbox guy for a long time
I've had my xbox I've loved it then I
bought that PlayStation 3 and I hated it
with everything that I am
I hated that ps3 now I really like that
ps3 I I hate to admit it but I quite
enjoy having it and I've noticed that
ever since I've had it I've had more and
more problems with Xbox for instance
Netflix constantly I get this output
protection error we're unable to play
video on this device due to an output
protection error please check your
display settings and draw again
now my display settings are the same
display settings that they've always
been I got it running through HDMI I got
at all HD it's just all of a sudden it
thinks it doesn't have to play anymore
not to mention when it does play let's
go back to browsing Republican hard to
mention that when it does finally start
to play the quality of life I don't know
if you can see that look at Fri he
opened up relations with chillers
horribly pixelated now my playstation 3
it's like beautiful complete blu-ray HD
on the Netflix so it leads me to say
it's not the Internet
it's the Xbox because of the blue
because if my television in there or the
PlayStation 3 in there can play in total
HD while the Xbox is having output
protection errors and you turn this off
used to now all of a sudden a screw it
maybe he can maybe he can so it's little
things like this that lead me to the
decision of Xbox one versus ps4 now my
original plan was to get both I was
going to get PlayStation 4 for one room
Xbox one for the other but the way the
Xbox 360 has been acting lately I might
just get to ps4 i beginni free games
with the PlayStation 3 Xbox is finally
giving up free games but the shed I
don't even want to play a little shit
like this is what can cause somebody to
switch from place 8 from Xbox to
PlayStation it's all it takes is is a
couple of weeks of error Dex boxing and
fuck it I don't want I don't want to sit
through it I'm not gonna sit through it
so Netflix has become a problem on the
Xbox it's never been a problem the ps3
EDD Netflix is better on the PlayStation
3 - it doesn't automatically start
playing an episode and doesn't give you
the list I can go to a TV show I click
the name of the television show and it
gives me a list of episodes take a look
what happens if I go to a show one unit
on that footage on the Xbox
let's choose Breaking Bad ok I'm going
to watch one episode am I gonna watch on
Breaking Bad oh it's going to decide for
me
and of course it's not HD with equality
can you see this on the PlayStation 3
when I click an episode it gives me a
list of episodes I can choose what I
want to watch instead of it just going
right where I left off I don't like that
I want to choose what I want to see I
don't want you just playing something
for me and then I gotta do all kinds of
shit while the episodes playing to see
what the other episodes are Netflix on
the PlayStation 3 has all kind of
features all the shit and not to mention
I don't have to pay to access it
I don't need PlayStation Plus to watch
Netflix I need Xbox 360 gold to access
Netflix that's all I gotta say right now
thinking about getting to ps4 x' instead
of both systems because fuck this
