make sure you turn the fan on it really
smells bad just turn the fan on and wash
your hands yes
what's going on you guys can't be on
camera here
Yeah right there today is Sunday today
is Sunday and you guys today we've got a
very special guest for the vlog for you
I'm not gonna say who it is oh it's a
big old surprise guys it searches an S
and ends with an end and it rhymes with
Shannon audition guys it's a surprise I
don't want to ruin it just yeah but it's
Shannon guys today's blog is gonna have
Shannon because tomorrow is the Shannon
vlog I am so excited the aunt Shannon
guys we worked on a story so we can make
the Shannon vlog better than the
Christmas vlog guys I don't know if it's
gonna be but I'm working on it I'm
trying o try guys salmon I mean she
cheated that's Shannon can adapt yeah
that's just what it is guys today is
Sunday and if you didn't see the vlog we
uploaded jester a number one I tried the
best chicken wings in the world since
Imran's
can we take a minute to talk about the
fact that when Cindy was eating those
chicken wings it looked like a maestro
when the symphony was playing like check
this out
then Bridget decided to hold me hostage
and make me get on the elliptical with
the Taser dude that was not funny it oh
so funny you guys check this out
well Dover straight five minutes however
can you do it for a straight five
minutes what yeah what I would chase you
anyway that was yesterday
this is today today Sunday and today we
got a bill Chinon from the bottom up oh
I am so so excited what do you see we
got a party city let's go I've had just
about enough of Chucky being downstairs
you guys so I am gonna put him up there
the problem is I'm too lazy to walk up
the stairs so I gotta try to put them up
there like this come on
yeah that didn't work Michael no so what
you normally just walk up the stairs and
do it yes I have a better way Michael go
at the end of the steps and just throw
it up Michael I love them in you didn't
know horses you know we throw yep now
what what I just put in your office
there we go Oh Mike
Chucky's all put up you guys I feel very
confident that he's not gonna run around
the house while we're gone and right now
it is time for us to be no no I don't
know what actually no he's not I'm
terrified of Chucky okay guys right now
we are on our way to commence our
shopping experience number one you got a
chill dude night until you're trolling
me guys
today we're going to Party City then
we're going to the grocery store because
you guys and this Shannon vog she's
gonna show you her favorite Halloween
recipe
it's spooktacular let's get our butt
butts let's go to Party City hate it
like all guys right now I'm showing you
what happens every time we leave our
neighborhood right now meat every day it
seems every time there's too many cars
coming this way we got a turn last
Bridget is definitely about the turn
right
are you we're not supposed to go this
direction so what do you think she's
doing take a ride take a big guess where
we're going I can count on one hand how
many times we've actually turned left
out of our neighborhood and I'll be
honest I don't mind okay I don't wanna
wake up a ping pong ball to a bunch of
cars boom bang bang bang saved it's
better to be safe than sorry
yeah we're turning around in public this
is a route you don't turn into the auto
zone here here we go look I got no right
making a left turn I don't do it again
and now we can take a safe right into
the direction that we go
this car right here so mad at bridge
arrived they were like flipping her off
all right here we go folks
right again when it comes to bridges
driving it is alright anyway we are on
our way to Party City here we go folks
we just got to Party City and if you
can't tell we had to park like ten miles
away from the building this is
ridiculous bro everybody is not spending
their money today man Helens in two days
but are you back that's true it's Sunday
I don't know why I'm so surprised guys
it's windy I'm gonna cover this up we're
going in to find my shannon wig Michael
I don't think they have it
doughnuts this is not good what are we
supposed to do wait what yeah I can free
Michael's wig she and me does not have a
Bret Michaels haircut
I can totally see if working this is
getting better Shannon's cool or this
I'm getting bad I know I had two options
this one that's my favorite looks like
luscious locks Shanna doesn't have
luscious locks then we have this when
everybody's good that's definitely
Andrea
tonight yeah you two men are you guys
we've got four options for Shannon which
I'm not going to see the four kids it's
probably the best one of the ones that
we yeah guys right now we're going to
the store because we want to find a
little bit of Halloween treat that
Shannon would make something totally
off-the-wall we're still thinking I
don't know what it is I think I might
have an idea what's gonna soar we were
gonna go get something to eat you guys
I'm hungry in fact you're starving but
unfortunately we don't have the time to
do because it is four o'clock
guys oh my goodness right now we're no
longer a day ahead so it's actually
Sunday so the vlog that you're watching
today he's actually
and they footage it is currently in four
o'clock so think back what you were
doing at four o'clock today this is what
I was doing okay it is 4:10 we got to
get this blog up I don't want to upload
it at like midnight because each who's
been so horrible lately but I got to get
it up at a reasonable time so no lunch
we're going home we're getting Shannon
acquainted with being on vlog again yeah
let's go home come Shannon oh my god so
Michael's getting bags right now I'm
gonna get Chucky
okay all right you guys it is time for
us to start getting ready to prepare for
this Shannon video we got a lot to do
guys we're filming the Shannon video
tonight for tomorrow's video guys we got
a lot to do I don't want to ruin all the
surprise but we got a lot going on in
this Shannon video we got to get our
outfits ready we got to get our receipe
ready we've got to give our
trick-or-treaters ready we got to get
our candy ready guys we got to get
Shannon ready so let's get this going
let's get some wigs on okay which way
does this go try anyway man well it's
just a wig sweetie okay yeah girl
all right that's right this way I've got
a hairdo oh you look fabulous girl
fabulous fabulous oh man
you ever heard of Fabio Fabio um we can
definitely work with this we get
definitely what up girl
see I'll have to do a little bit of like
positioning but this could work this
could work
why don't we try the brunette wig okay
I'm Martha hairdo that's not mark that
is Martha this means extra weird
actually
oh my gosh actually I kind of like it
but you definitely don't look like
Shannon you look like you definitely
look like a Martha stop saying mauritius
sir no Tristan how sisters oh man oh my
goodness look a big Gruber you looks
like a truck driver
oh my god no a female female truck
drivers I'm how do we not never do the
Shannon video we're gonna do this
Shannon video you now I'm desperate for
Shannon wings me to try another one one
more okay this is too much hair holy
crap
wait the lighting is bad let's go over
here what well I think is really bad
let's go over here alright this should
be good the fireplace oh yeah yeah you
know
Michael now you do what I'm saying you
did it obviously I didn't want to bring
you again I wasn't done well put this
thing on I hate this thing this is not
Shan no owe me twice Shannon's mom
Margaret okay this wing is like horrible
this something happened with it had to
is I've been ripped apart yeah dude you
just throw that away
all right you guys this is really bad
hair everywhere hey okay I'm done with
this do we have another we do but I
don't want to try that one on video we
got to say something for surprise just
had a very bizarre visit are you guys
somebody actually came to our house and
they asked if we wanted some potent it
information on somebody that we'd no
longer associate ourselves with and guys
I don't want anything like that okay you
know maybe the informations good I stay
out of drama okay like I said what I had
to say about all that stuff months and
months ago like back in February and I
don't want to be involved in it anymore
you know my dad's sick okay
you know that's the most important my
dad is terribly sick and I don't want
like I'm not trying to while that's
happening to like oh yeah what kind of
beef can I get it on YouTube no I'm not
interested in it you guys please if
you're tweeting me any kind of drama
don't tweet it to me please don't bring
into my house don't drive it to my house
well yeah I got some good stuff for you
I don't want any of it it's like you
know I only wish everybody luck with
their lives
best of luck I don't hate anybody oh
yeah after everything they have would
end I may have hated people I don't hate
them anymore it's like stuff happened
you know people said lies not us there
was a lot of BS said there's still a lot
of BS said but guys that's not me I
don't have anything to do with it and I
only wish people luck with their lives
so if you're bringing us that kind of
drama please don't yeah I mean there's
just more to life than drama we learned
this months ago it's annoying it's
stupid nobody has time for guys people
keep trying to bring us into drama
they'll say our names they'll say we
said we have no desire to be in drama
we're not getting involved with it I
don't sneak diss people in the internet
you know we're pretty straight or pretty
straightforward if I'm a problem with
you I'm gonna say it I don't have a
problem with anybody you guys life
happened I've moved on
please stop tweeting me about stuff
people are saying about me because I'm
not gonna respond to it so guys that's
it we're getting ready for the Shannon
video you just saw me putting on some
wigs and now let's get ready for the
rest of that video here are some of the
stuff you guys for the Shannon video
first I've got a Halloween cooking apron
Bridget contacted these like contracted
these like pumpkin necklaces got that
here is my hoodie
yeah we're trashy people folks okay the
University of Halloweentown are you
kidding me this is so
shannon and these i'm gonna keep a
surprise until the end of the video
anybody got any guesses what this is
this is a huge surprise guys one more
step that we need to do before I become
Shannon before I transform - Anna for
the end of this vlog I know one more
thing to do that's gotta go I gotta be
honest straight up I don't want to do
this why because guys I'm decided that
I'm gonna shave this and that is not my
hair that was from one of the wigs guys
I decided I was gonna shave my beard it
turns out we don't have any hair
clippers so Bridget wants to use a tank
off one of these which is basically a
face scraper okay time to scrape the
beer off my face yeah eventually make
sure you turn the fan on it really
smells bad just turn the fan on and wash
your hands
yes hi it's me Shannon cut this wig is
not right
