what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here and I'm getting a lot of
messages from people asking me to get my
review on SummerSlam so that's what I'm
gonna do so I guess I should talk about
the first match Bray Wyatt versus Kane
and a ring of fire match naturally you
would think that I love that match but I
did not love that match it was actually
pretty fucking bad I did not like to
Bray Wyatt match but now I don't blame
this on Bray Wyatt I blame this on the
WWE for making some absurd match type
like the Inferno match that they stopped
using years ago because it was so stupid
so I didn't like to Bray Wyatt match but
I think it'll been much better had they
just had Bray Wyatt versus Kane and say
a hardcore match or something so that's
what I think they should have done maybe
it buried alive match something other
than what they did when we could have
actually obscene Bray Wyatt in the ring
because he's a really damn good wrestler
so didn't really like that match then we
got the Cody Rhodes versus damien sandow
match now I have not actually been a
damien sandow fan a friend of mine Isaac
and I made a bet about a year ago who
would become big first damien sandow or
Bray Wyatt now at the time Damien is
saying that was on Artie on the show but
I said within a year Bray Wyatt would be
on the show when he was gonna be big and
he won the bet because Bray Wyatt
injured himself and so much time it went
by but I wasn't really a fan of Damien
Sandow I haven't been a fan of Damien
Sandow until recently I did not like
Damien Sandow versus Cody Rhodes I
thought it was another boring match it
was two in a row that I thought
SummerSlam was starting to fall apart on
me because I expected so much better
Christian versus Alberto Del Rio another
one I didn't really care for this
pay-per-view hood maybe it's just hard
to impress me but I was not I was
getting a really annoyed by this
pay-per-view because another match
didn't really like and Alberto Del Rio
looked like he got his ass kicked or
some shit
Brock Lesnar vs CM Punk now that was the
turning point of the night it was
obviously the best match of the night it
was just but it was an amazing match
everything about brock lesnar vs CM punk
lived up to everything that it said i
was gonna live up to man it was a brawl
it was like it was like something from
the Attitude Era and it all just gelled
so well together and yet Paul Heyman
coming in with his little weak punches
on CM Punk and you got all of that match
was amazing kudos to both of those guys
for putting on one hell of a match
because that is the match that I was
like okay I don't regret ordering this
pay-per-view right now then we had the
whole inner gender tag match which I
didn't even watch actually my DVR was
telling me I had simultaneous recordings
as Breaking Bad was ending in the
newsroom on HBO was beginning so I had
to wait five minutes so I could till I
can switch back and so I didn't even see
that match so I don't have a review on
it I'm sure it was typical something
that I wouldn't have liked anyway
whatever and what a surprise the main
event was seriously now I'm not like
most of you wrestling fans out there who
just hates John Cena
I don't hate John Cena it's just I don't
like John Cena the character it's always
the same thing like had he won he would
have came out tomorrow night on Raw
Daniel Bryan
you took me to limits my body's never
been to before I almost tapped that I
bled my elbow was hurt but the champ
I'm glad we don't gotta live through
that pleasantly surprised at the fact
that Daniel Bryan actually beat John
Cena and the reason I was really
surprised about it was the fact that
Daniel Bryan was beating his ass the
whole match usually when it matches that
one sided against John Cena it takes to
it the last five minutes before he rips
his shirt off and superstein that comes
out and he does a couple of moves and
wins that's when I was fully expecting
but John Cena just got the hell beat out
of him
so Daniel Bryan wins the world title and
I was like yeah
oh my god I was really excited then
Randy Orton's music hit then I go uh-oh
he's gonna cash in his Money in the Bank
contract and he's gonna beat Daniel
Bryan for the title and then he goes to
leave and I got a little happier and
then Triple H pedigrees Daniel Bryan and
Randy Arden cashes in his money in the
bank and Randy are became the world
champion and all of that happiness
deflated I went from having said bad it
was awesome those two matches alone make
the pay-per-view worth buying so Daniel
Bryan and John Cena great match CM Punk
and Brock Lesnar match of the night so
overall it was a pretty good WWE
pay-per-view the last two matches really
saved it the other ones before it
weren't so horrible that I would say Oh
God they I just didn't really care for
them
so WWE SummerSlam I would give that a
solid seven out of ten it was a decent
pay-per-view with two spectacular main
events great job so as I said like
subscribe favorite
