what's going on you guys keeping a
camera here and I've been getting a lot
of messages from people wanting to know
what my opinion is on WWE Superstar
Darren Young becoming the first openly
gay WWE Superstar good for him you know
I don't know if some people have
wondering if I'm outraged why would it
be outraged people can be gay it's okay
and what is this thing I don't know if
you don't know who Darren Young is he's
the guy that looks a lot like John Cena
that guy I like to call him bran Cena
look at Cena
now look at this guy
it's good that the WWE is so open about
it they're like yeah good good for him
and they're happy for him because you
know in a male testosterone driven
industry it could have went bad it
could've went the other way you got I'm
sure there are lots of wrestlers who
don't want to admit that they're gay and
they probably still won't so that's my
opinion I think good for Darren Young
because seriously the guys should be
allowed to be whoever he wants now I
think he needs to change his Twitter
biography let's take a look at this real
quick
Darren Young Twitter
Darren Young's life revolves around
three things money women and wrestling
well Darren I don't know how much of
your life were Falls around women
anymore
but hey good for you for coming out the
closet go change your Twitter bio real
quick that's like me putting up a bio
that says Michael Green's life revolves
around exercise eating healthy and
praying so I don't know why so many of
you thought I was gonna be outraged or
disappointed or upset
good for him I'm I'm happy that he's
able to be who he wants to be who he was
born to be who he feels right and being
able to lift that in public without
worrying about being judged and he will
be judged there was gonna be people
judging him not me and hopefully not a
lot of people in the back because he
shouldn't be judged on who he was born
to be so congratulations to Darren Young
you can come in Bridget Bridget was
watching me at the sliding glass door
waiting to open the door you can come
inside she was like Oh God not gonna
interrupt am I so congratulations to
Darren Young for coming out being who he
is what do you think about it Bridget
that took a minute didn't it oh she does
know who Darren Young is he's the guy
that looks like John Cena with a dark
tan I'm really happy that he can be
himself so you always said you got my
support like you need it
in like you know who I am but you got my
support anyway so anyway that's my
thoughts I don't know why so many of you
people thought I was gonna be upset oh
my god what does he think do I come up
as a gay basher or something is that
what it says oh my god there's no way he
liked gay people I don't I'm not gonna
step into that we're gonna bring out the
dildo and stuff good for him
congratulations they're young you are
who you are you were born this way hey
get this thing out of here that's all I
needed
that's hers
it's totally on this is bridges freaking
Garth Brooks dildo Hey
