today I'm going to be making homemade
pizza now the first step to homemade
pizza is cross and this is my dough I've
had it sitting out for a little bit's
might have expanded a little more than I
was expecting it looks like me when I'm
wearing a shirt tight shirts you tightly
Bridget Hey that's so cool anyway so
that's the dough it's your typical dough
recipe just pull what yoyi said just
pull up a dough recipe use the first one
you find dough is important I don't know
if this one turned out well or not we'll
find out
but it's your typical dough recipe okay
as I look at this someone knife I can
get two crust out of this one ball
Hey look bridge I can handle dope
professionally yeah my go looks like
crap I'm trying my hardest
Oh God cut it now we're doing sauce this
is a can of whole Tomatoes peeled get
some basil pepper salt onion powder
sugar olive oil and I like to add a
little parsley so there we go
that will be our sauce I'm just going to
begin crushing up the tomatoes and I
just squish them on the lens as you can
see so this will take me mothers though
I'll see you guys just a second we got
our crust stretched around the pan here
and put a little olive oil down there
I'm gonna put that around it here we're
gonna start putting a little bit
dishonor you're using the back of the
spoon here to help spread it around as
to not tear the dough any I like to put
a fair amount of sauce on here because
it'll dissipate while it's baking okay
next is mozzarella cheese now usually I
get the thicker cuts ibattz we're a
little bit Walmart didn't have it the
thicker mozzarella so this is the finely
shredded mozzarella which I have learned
that when you eat the finely shredded
you need to bake it a little longer
otherwise it will just look like
shredded mozzarella so people's going
it'll look like shredded mozzarella what
I mean is
it'll look uncooked after it's cooked so
next we got turkey pepperoni we go on
for watching our figures so
Emmet's Bridget laughs over there and so
we're getting turkey sub money to watch
our figures will you catch me if I'm
balding you catch me if I fall then you
catch me if I'm falling out of here
try to get rid of sad but it didn't work
oh my around here so there is our first
pepperoni pizza music mixes out your
singing of not some parsley sprinkled
over it I mean what you said one day
your music and you thing and you think
that's how I get really sad when are you
seeing blood honking I give of mine
someday too loud it's not soft and dead
of mine someday you will die but I'll be
close to crime follow you into the dark
hello
a blinding light or tunnels to gates of
why just our hands clasp so tight
waiting for the hint of a spark if
Heaven Hell decide that they both are
satisfied illuminate the nose home
therefore you can see signs so we put
the pizza right there in the oven and
bridge the exercise you're gonna start
mixing up some rap
will you catch me if I'm full then not
sad now it's time to get this out you'll
notice I'm actually wearing a basketball
jersey now because I was tired of
getting flour my Paul Heyman got shirt
so here we go there's princess lemon
 baking next to it here we go that
is our pizza damn let's get a gander
this muhfucka homemade dough turkey
pepperoni mozzarella cheese homemade
sauce a lot to mess Pizza that I will
cut in a minute when it cools down okay
now then time for me to cut the pizza
Wow Wow now I'll burn my goddamn hand
okay damn it looks so good just cut a
slice for Bridget yes the hot yes so
it's not for me then did it's hot I feel
a blister for me right now but it's
 it's good once try eating with a
fork
it's your vital of four okay I'm gonna
just cut first
it's good manners it's hot it's so hot
but it's really good it's good
maybe I loves me I'm joking
oh oh oh God brought me
