in the ghetto then one night in
desperation grandpa runs away because
this band drives a piece yeah you
screwed up you you first time grandpa's
messed up one it's all freestyle songs
and you better because I better right
now on the spot because I was getting
funny and you ruined it in the ghetto
then one night in desperation grandpa
packs a bag he loads his sheets pack
he'd get it right I can't loser down you
can't do freestyle dogs anymore
believe I can do one I don't know the
song though then one night in
desperation grandpa hits the bricks he
packs his shit he hits the street and
baby fuck that's right I keep doing what
else I don't know the song I don't like
Elvis that's why then one night in
desperation grandpa sees grandma fuck
you he goes to see her trailer park and
they don't even stop do you want to
everybody bites her on my fucking wall
everybody rides her my wall I fucking
block then one night in desperation
grandpa sees grandma
but in if anybody says the bananas won't
fuck it you'll get rid of the shot then
one night and desperation grandpa ran
away he found a home and then he was
alone with nothing left to say how about
I gotta try one
then one day I cried oh I'm standing
over the song teyfik cry and if there's
that thing that's crap I don't need is
more of a child of spiders in the ghetto
that's it yet it rhyme for that there's
one thing grandpa needs another hungry
mouth to feed in the ghetto so real
leary
