what's going on you guys get beyond the
camera here and today I just wanted to
do a random vlog just whatever I want to
talk about and I think the first thing
that I want to talk about is tomorrow
night the premiere of Breaking Bad would
even what that virgin I'm really now a
lot of you guys were saying that I had
like a script or something like oh we've
got real spoilers that his predictions
are me look I was just making
predictions I don't have any script
nobody has a script except for whoever
broke into Bryan Cranston's car nobody
has a script there's no like leaks out
there that I know about so it's all
bullshit there is no script that I have
no inside information I want to get
inside information who the fuck do I
know
so no I don't have any inside
information on the finale for Breaking
Bad the Felina for Breaking Bad
so just predictions next thing I wanted
to talk about is you guys have been
asking for it a lot lately so I'm gonna
go ahead and say it
post video comments to this with your
questions to angry grandpa and we're
gonna do it again I'm gonna use some of
your questions in a video and he's gonna
answer them so post us a video response
to this your question to angry grandpa
and hopefully it'll get used hopefully I
can't use them all because I got an
overwhelming amount of response last
time I didn't expect it I didn't know I
would get so many videos sent to me
anyways send me your video responses to
this and I'm gonna use some of them in
an upcoming video I have started to
develop an obsession for ultraviolet
codes I'm a divergent
is it's a sickness I don't know if you
don't know what ultraviolet codes are
you put in an ultraviolet code into like
will say voodoo your video streaming
service connected to your television or
your xbox and you got the movie if you
put the code in there you have the movie
so it's like doubling my connect my
collection with just codes so I'm gonna
give somebody a code away here this is
gonna be like gone quickly so you see if
you're the first one to see this use it
this is the code for the Hunger Games
this will be the blu-ray copy so it'll
be HD there it is this is the Hunger
Games there's the code right there this
is this is on the screen for a good
minute here yeah I'm sure you can see
this so use the code it's for the
ultraviolet I don't know what this thing
is somebody can have that too it's some
sort of like virtual experience game or
something and hey if you don't use
ultraviolet codes send me some of the
direct messages that was cheesy of me I
apologize I shouldn't be asking for your
ultra violet codes but if you don't use
them I will take your ultra liquor I'm
addicted I have a problem it's a safe
like I am since
here we are waiting to go to Walmart
right now
do I need my cauliflower cauliflower
Bridget right now has an addiction to
cauliflower what it is that she makes me
make it into cauliflower mashed potatoes
now I will admit it does taste like
mashed potatoes it's actually pretty
crazy I'll boil the cauliflower with
salt you take it you put it in a blender
like we have a ninja
so you blend it up in the Ninja and and
it's the best shit ever ever ever ever
now what I do is I blend it up in the
blender then I'll add some booyah
chicken bullion cubes some butter and a
little bit of cream cheese now this is
actually Greek light cream cheese by the
way so anyway all this together makes
like a delicious mashed potato and it's
like what is that it's like skin so I'm
home and tonight I decided I'm going to
be making chili cheese dogs so that's
what I'm gonna be doing right now chili
cheese dogs in this random blog starting
off with our chili so I just put a
little bit of hamburger meat in a pot
I'm gonna Brown it up and I'm going to
brown it up with a little bit of salt
and pepper cuz I'm gonna be adding right
now pepper
a little bit of salt I'm just gonna cook
that down now this is okay this is not
gonna be like a homemade chili recipe
I'm using hot dog chili I'm gonna use a
canned chili
heystop I'm gonna add jet to it so it's
still good because I don't have enough
time to make all freaking fresh pot of
chili for hot dogs up next it's a can of
chili I'm shooting Hormel chili with no
beans just the typical kind of chili mix
you get in store
I'm gonna add that mix that around the
meat now to this mixer I'm gonna add a
little bit of Bush's black bean fiesta
grilling beans not a bunch but enough
want some beans get some corn onion it's
gonna add just a little sweetness to the
chili a little bit of sugar a little bit
of garlic powder a little bit of
Worcestershire sauce and this will be
the part that turns people off a tad of
honey next up are the hot dogs now I got
ballpark Angus beef planner now usually
I like to get meat market hot dogs ones
they make but we can't find any lately
so got stick with us so Matt a little
bit of butter let that melt down
next thing move now I'm gonna dump the
hot dog and the butter
to fulfill win there from me when it all
comes together that's what you got I
cook the rest of the baked beans I've
got some cheese sauce hot dogs chili
onions a lot of people this to start
that's how I like my hot dogs a little
char put that on there a little bit of
chili a little bit of cheese
a little bit of onion let's try it out
our charred chili chili onion mm-hmm
delicious to go with it I have made some
SodaStream this is Crystal Light fruit
punch and this is knock off mountain dew
and I also got choco taco subscribe
there's been a random blog remember send
me your video responses asking a
question Frank of Grandpa and maybe I'll
use yours in the next video and that's
it
oh I'll end it with showing Clyde
they're greedy
look how big this dog
