oh why get you what they fought what is
this thing you wish you had a body like
my bitch what up I'm hot I get you help
me
what is this enjoy a zombie oh my god
dude yeah you one day don't make fun of
me to mark
oh they don't digit that man behind a
curtain got their miserable yeah ha ha
ha that's pretty awesome what is this
thing I got one of my fans made a
premiership to me
what is it shower curtain what I want it
huh you got her on your charge me
hundred all for a shower curtain oh he
is that's how much it was yeah oh my god
nice huh yeah they'll show this thing he
hung up aside
are you going to use it I'm gonna put it
up that is real cool it's either a
shower curtain or one of your pairs
underwear relax I'm kidding you quitting
fun of me what Levi glasses on those
those Elvis glasses huh I look good
cute you know what let's go on you what
nothing
no helper you're again God that's rude
wait a minute
what's happening in this closets clean
no why do you give me they're bitching
at me because my husband died gazet one
