what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and the first thing I want
to say before I do anything else is put
a disclaimer right here that this video
may or may not contain spoilers for the
final season of Breaking Bad I don't
know that their spoilers because I'm
only making logical guesses but I want
to warn you now so in case anything that
I say actually comes to fruition I don't
want to be blamed so this video may
contain spoilers all I'm doing is making
guesses but some of these guesses might
actually come true so please don't watch
this video if you don't want anything of
the final season of Breaking Bad to be
spoiled stop it now right here now that
we've gotten that out of the way I just
wanted to talk to you guys about the
final season of Breaking Bad because
this Sunday on a and C we are reaching
the final eight episodes and I don't
know how many of you guys are like me
but I have followed Breaking Bad since
the first episode and it's a little hard
to wait year after year after year for
the seasons to come back and now we're
not gonna have any more seasons because
this is the final eight episodes I think
the season is gonna start off with hank
dealing with his newfound information
that Walter White is Heisenberg which he
found out at the finale of the previous
season now what he does with this
information it's up to interpretation
nobody knows what exactly he's gonna do
when he gets off of that toilet I think
I do know what's gonna happen I think
he's gonna leave the bathroom he's gonna
excuse himself from dinner he's not
gonna tell Walt anything and he's gonna
go and when he goes home he's gonna
start figuring out all the pieces of the
puzzle start putting it all together
until he's confident that he knows Walt
his Heisenberg now he's gonna have to be
careful because if the DEA finds out
Heisenberg is actually a brother-in-law
of a member of the DEA and the guy
couldn't figure it out he's gonna be in
a lot of trouble so hank is gonna have
to tread carefully he's gonna have to
really think about all of his moves so
the first thing he's gonna do is plant a
tracker on Walt's
vehicle but as of the last episode waltz
no longer gonna be cooking or selling
meth
so all Hank's really gonna get its Walt
driving to the grocery store or dropping
off Walter jr. to work or school or
maybe he's gonna pick him up going to
that storage unit where all their
money's at but he's not gonna have
enough on Walt
to just say hey DEA look what I got I
think Hank is gonna have to realize
maybe he doesn't have a case against
Walt to begin with I think at this time
Jesse Pinkman so overcome with guilt
over everything that's happened he's
gonna try to turn himself in now luckily
he's going to turn himself in to Hank
traitor now Hank is not gonna just give
up this information to the DEA that
Jesse Pinkman is ruling to identify
Heisenberg Oswalt white because again he
still got to be careful and he's taken
the word of some junkie at this point
jesse is gonna start being with Hank I
don't know they're gonna go on
ride-alongs following Walt
whatever they're gonna do Jesse and Hank
are gonna start working together
now all of that takes us to episode six
Ozymandias now if you don't know who
aussie man dias says he was the Egyptian
God whose entire world his empire his
life just crumbled like the statues
bearing his face totally collapsed so
obviously in episode six
Ozymandias Walt's entire empire his life
is gonna totally crumble before his eyes
we're gonna see everything that can
happen to Walt happen in that episode
shits gonna happen to a son shits gonna
happen to Skyler she's gonna happen to
his life I think people might know that
he's Heisenberg everything that can
happen to Walt happens in that episode
that'll also be when Skyler says I've
had enough you gotta go she is gonna
make Walt leave the family and well it's
just not gonna move into another
apartment he's got to get the hell out
of there so Walt is gonna go to Saul
Saul Goodman you better call Saul and
he's gonna tell him he needs the number
to the disappearing guy because it's
time for Walt to disappear
which takes us to Episode seven Granite
State now if you google what is the
Granite State you find out that the
Granite State is New Hampshire so New
Hampshire which happens to be the state
that Wald goes to if you saw the first
episode of the last season when he was
at that Denny's restaurant had a new ID
so obviously in episode 7 Walters gut is
gonna be living in New Hampshire now
sometime later I would imagine living on
his own his family is still in
Albuquerque New Mexico doing their thing
now Walt made a deal to start cooking
meth for the people over there in the
Czech Republic but if Walt's over there
in New Hampshire he's not cooking meth
for them anymore so naturally they're
gonna be pissed off they're gonna want
their meth and they're gonna do whatever
they have to do to get it so I think in
episode 7 Granite State the Czech drug
dealers are gonna come up to Albuquerque
New Mexico and they're gonna take
Schuyler they're gonna take Walt Jr and
they're gonna do whatever they have to
do I don't know if that means killing
them I don't know if that means just
abducting maybe they'll kill Walt Jr and
abduct Skyler whatever the case they're
gonna get taken and I think they're
gonna get taken on Walt's birthday now
you're probably wondering what the
significance of Walt's birthday is why
does it matter well I'll get to that in
a minute but the reason I say it happens
on Walt's birthday or perhaps the day
before Walt's birthday
we saw Walt in the first episode of the
last season on his birthday and a scene
that has yet to air when he was living
in New Hampshire and he was buying a gun
now what is Walt doing in New Hampshire
buying a gun in the first place my
theory is he's buying a gun to go back
to New Mexico to save his family so Saul
who would be the only person who knows
where Walt is is gonna contact Walt and
he's gonna tell him that his family has
been taken and he needs to get back to
Albuquerque so Walt returns to
Albuquerque for the first time in a year
six months however long it's been since
he's been gone over in the Granite State
and he's gonna go home when he gets
there he's gonna see that as house that
he once loved is totally screwed up the
windows are boarded there's tape around
the house something fun
stuff is gonna happen and that shakes
Walt's world so I think Walt is gonna
get a clue that his family is in El Paso
now why El Paso well for one Hank
Schrader is terrified to go back to El
Paso well what does that have to do with
anything I think that he's gonna have to
get help with Hank who wants to take him
in to save the family so Hank is gonna
have to put his differences with Walt
aside for one day and go to El Paso
again against all of his fear so he can
save the family that he loves so the two
of them are gonna go to El Paso where
the Czech drug dealers are waiting for
them with Skyler thus beginning the
final episode of Breaking Bad titled
ballina
now the word Polina means Catholic or it
could be an anagram for finale or it
could be a line from the song El Paso
dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan
dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan
dan de out in the West Texas town of El
Paso I fell in love with the Mexican
girl
now the song is a love song about a guy
who gets in a shootout to save the woman
he loves and he dies in her arms
I think Walton Hank are gonna go to El
Paso they're gonna get in a shootout
with the Czech drug dealers and they're
gonna save Skyler
now after that I think Hank is gonna
tell Walt he can't let him leave is Walt
just gonna put his hands in the air get
arrested and that's it
I think Hank and Walt end up in a
shootout of their own where Walt ends up
being shot and killed and at the end of
the episode Walt will be in Skylar's
arms she gives him a kiss and he dies
just like the song says and the lyrics
nopal foot hurts from out of nowhere
Felina has found me kissing my cheeks as
she kneels by my side cradled by two
loving arms that I'll die for one little
kiss and Felina goodbye well the episode
is titled Polina and he was always
prepared to die in her arms
he would always die for her Walt was
prepared to die with lung cancer and now
he's prepared to die to save her life
why else would he make the title of the
final episode Felina I would have to
assume that Vince Gilligan named the
last episode after a character in the
song El Paso by Marty Robbins Bridget
says maybe the song is just gonna play
in the episode well no duh I think it's
gonna play at the end of the episode but
why would he name a name the episode
title after a song that's just gonna
play during the episode that would have
to mean that the title of the episode
coinciding with the song that we'll play
at the end of it is important so that is
my final guest for the final episode of
Breaking Bad Walt is gonna get shot in
the chest and killed by Hank Schrader
after a shootout in El Paso Texas where
Skyler holds him in her arms before he
dies the day after his birthday
just like Pablo Escobar
