this is it happen see that I'll burn it
alive you understand talk to me damn it
or off I'm gonna throw you in the fire
Michael he's not alive
what up camera he be on the camera here
Brigitte West not here she's asleep and
guys first of all excuse me you can't
hear me it's really windy out here right
now uh I'm in a bad mood right now I
woke up in a bad mood I went to bed in a
bad mood I am in a very bad mood if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog Bridgette
pranked me pretty good pretty severely
check this out you gotta stop you here
okay so as a joke Bridgette decided to
exploit a childhood trauma of mine
Chucky
guys I have always been terrified of
Chucky my entire life it spans back to
when I was a child and I got a my buddy
doll and I was scared of him and I
burned him alive and I burned a Bart
Simpson doll and guys I am utterly
terrified of Chucky and Brigitte use
that against me and if you're wondering
what I'm doing outside right now it's to
get Chucky
I didn't feel comfortable sleeping with
him in the house last night so wrapped
him up all right Chucky you're free yeah
I didn't feel comfortable Chucky in the
house not after last night so I'll put
him in the car you know right now I only
have a couple of more days to get a
Halloween prank in on Bridget and I
really I don't have any ideas right now
guys I asked a lot of you to post
comments some prank ideas and not a lot
of people actually did it a lot of
people were given more illegal stuff and
I can't do that stuff guys please help
me I don't have a prank idea to do to
Bridget and she's got Mimi and she had
Jason scare me twice she had Chucky in
the Attic I think she has another one
plan man her voice just trembled when I
asked if there was another guy she's
gonna keep pranking me I need help so
please help me in the meantime
let's get you back into the house but
you move once and I'm throwing yeah so
that's what happened last night you guys
Bridget pranked me with Chucky and I
decided to put him in the car because I
don't want to I'll be honest I don't
want to sleep with him in the house not
at all damn it this thing's getting beat
to hell up come on Chucky going inside
let's do this intro you're allowed back
in the house Chuck if it don't scare me
again what's going on you guys keep me
on a camera here to us here right there
and today is Saturday and today I'm
still very upset why very upset cuz of
Chucky get over it
the bright you scared me half to death
last night guys
do I not have a reason to be upset it's
time to get over it though big guys last
night Michael put Chuck in the car
they already know I showed him this
morning okay we do not notice Chucky
sitting over doc oh yeah he get scared
all of a sudden yeah Chucky's chillin
over there I didn't know okay and guys
last night she pranked me and the
thinking Chucky was in the attic and -
she prank me and destroying our floor
that was you that was you my guys this
happened you know how terrifying it get
a Chucky
thanks now how in the world is this my
fault you told me Chucky was alive and I
threw him Michael you're a 30 year old
man fair point
okay hey fair point guys today is
Saturday today I got to think of a way
to get this one back I don't know what
it is so I'm not saying we'll get you
back today but I'm starting to prepare
today today's Saturday you like clean
the next to your buddy budget you sat up
there okay don't guys I'm sitting over
scrubbing the floor she sits chucking
down next to me oh this is ridiculous
why do I gotta clean this it's your mess
a mess that I got because you scared me
my car guys look at this the force did
to show that look at this before is
dented this is why we can't have nice
things
yeah I don't know cuz are you probably
hey take that out of the wall no I got
scared poor Chucky what did he do to you
though huh this isn't how I'll burn you
alive you understand talk to me damn it
are off I'm gonna throw you in the fire
Michael he's not alive no stop
I don't think he's really a lot but I
like to test it I want to find out you
clearly think he's alive or not he's
just a doll
yeah well guess what the offer Ami's was
a doll - you know guess what that was a
movie yeah thanks to you
you say no thanks to me yeah I agree
yeah no thanks to me this horse dented
what all thanks to president you got
confused or something I did it obviously
I'm feeling us looking worse
I think so too is did you watch den out
like I hope you know that
oh my golly yeah
yeah totally yeah of course
did you get the shoe print I just we
gotta talk about something right now you
guys and I mean we gotta talk like I
don't know what let's say hi guys last
night after Bridget pranked me I decided
I wanted to partake in a little adult
beverage shall I say we got something to
drink
oh my god freaking trash apparently
Birds you got toasted because we woke up
yeah yeah our toilet paper roll is
sitting out here next to her part of the
chair I don't understand
I don't either I don't even remember I
woke up I like where is the toilet paper
I went to use the bathroom like where's
the toilet paper roll like this is crazy
it's out here Bridget I really that's a
good question I and then what's this dad
did that no this was spirits it's not me
Bridget how toasted were you last night
what is this and how did this happen
guys like Briggs just chilling homie
just until the paper oh man I made a big
mess
what reason could somebody need a whole
toilet paper roll outside with them in
the middle of the night that's a good
questions don't drink you don't drink
don't ever drink oh you know it's not
worth it seriously I don't know what
half seriously like
seriously it's not worth it okay uh
Ryan's Chinese this has been going on
way too long it's seriously I want
Chinese
you've panned Express no that's Chinese
dnw okay Olive Garden Nessa far-seeing
dope use furloughs at all of God
I want the garlic wings and it's worth
it guys right now me and Bridget have
been chillin for the past 45 minutes
trying to figure out what we can have
for dinner we've been talking nonstop 45
minutes does anybody else go through
this sticky fingers I don't want
barbecue why because I want like soul
food or like southern style food or
something we're in the south and I don't
think we have any southern house that is
not soul food cheese dude I just want it
okay how about we just uh guys we're not
dating
it is what it is we can't figure out
food let's just not eat we could eat
garbage like we could go to the trash
can
I said no to Carolina Ale House okay
you're not garbage yeah exactly
guys how many people deal with this I
feel like our relationship is 80%
choosing my dinner at 20% choosing
Netflix that's all our life consistent
like seriously it's time for lunch right
now you guys and we wanted some good
authentic soul food we're in the south
we love soul food boom Nigel's guys this
place is literally called
Nigel's good food so hopefully it's good
food brilliant sending
I gotta show this thing guys here it's
all blurry there we go
Cindy session was callers why do you not
like collard greens we're on our way
over here and Cindy is like I don't know
if I like soul food as I grow you were
in the south you love soul food okay you
love so before you move back to
Pennsylvania that's just what yeah guys
these are called Geechee wings and I am
about to eat one right now ranch
how is it
maybe that's when you ever have
not good
thirty mom
chicken wing guys I'm not done yet
top of the entree time it sounds very
steak
boom clear this this has onions and bell
pepper and I've got to bring dad here so
let's go ahead and get a chunk of this
then again you want to come here boy
were you wrong boy were you going
potatoes times what it is
do you ever near us you got a try yeah
we're leaving how you feel guys I
couldn't have another morsel of food if
I wanted to that was this I'm trying to
think of the best meal I've ever had and
I'm trying to compare it to that might
be that one those wings I'm telling you
guys if you come here for no other
reason get those chicken wings they are
the best chicken the best ever and I
love chicken wings guys guys I've been
to the Anchor Bar who created the
buffalo wing I have been to countless
fast-food places countless restaurants
I've had countless wings I love wings
I'm a wing connoisseur best wing I ever
had right there I'm Jason delish I don't
know what the flavor was good I'm coming
back I'll tell you that yeah guys hired
an idol for a cookout Nigel I want to be
friends with you man AB you'll face
marrying into the family on this good
I'm good with it we're done we're done
this is over good love you miss you guys
I'm single not you're that done with me
I got a good a ride home guys
we're on our way home that was good it's
so good hey what are you doing walking
up those chain wings yeah dude that meal
was no way it was under like $10,000
well Dover straight five minutes how can
you
do it for a straight five minutes what
yeah what I would say is you know I
guess this isn't funny
I'm scared babe come on my heart's gonna
explode what do you want from me I'm for
you how do you feel yes it works so it
doesn't it's broken
what yeah come on why would I do that
that's mean I don't know mate all of you
what happened to it I don't know I just
stopped working I gotta get a new one
forget it he would do this option one
yes I'm done
how do you feel better okay Brewed sooo
this outro this is enough can we please
do the outro right this time take your
blood pressure pill I don't want one
Michael what you ate a bunch of chicken
wings so your solo needs a blood
pressure Powell
you just had soul food so weird blood
pressures probably like 500 over four
and you can you give me the drinks okay
guys look at tiny this blood pressure
pillows I gotta take okay I'm getting me
water water soda you have to go to after
your water she don't care about me folks
this is proof water oh you told me what
exactly the baby
soothing outro that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching we
had the best chicken wings I've ever
ever ever had I'm still thinking about
the chicken wings guys guys I wish that
I could convey into words just how good
they were the best chicken wings I've
ever had
to date the best amazing guys if you're
ever in the area
check out Nigel's good food should be
Nigel's great food just amazing that's
gonna be it for today I do have one
question what the mystery of the vlog
that I want to know what is out what you
leaving the toilet paper out there this
morning the guy I'm trying to understand
that still I mean I kind of slightly
remember rubbing my face with toilet
paper rubbing your face with where's the
like that old interface within what if I
ate it do you think that you got so
toasted last night that you ate the
paper toasted there's an understatement
I always said she's talking crap I'm
getting out of here thanks for watching
like I'm serious what if I ate it
part one of us just called this boy
Bridget a toilet paper I don't know what
I was doing I don't remember okay it's
time to stop drinking for a while
I gotta think is
like Here I am favorite everything and
here's the sobriety
