so in a little bit dad's gonna find out
that I put a room on Craigslist so
naturally he's gonna have to get some
calls so this is call number one speaker
oh I'm calling about the room on
Craigslist excuse me I can't stand you
I'm calling about the room available the
room Craiglist
the Craigslist room can I stop by today
I can't you go home here oh I know you
but I can't can you so I got a lawyer
can you hear me now
oh I'm 97
oh hello clearly no audio book home are
you calling me the boy ah he just
crapped my pants hello yeah we'll salsa
ah yo combo that rumor correctness the
OData crew more crimes was you stupid
motherfucker where's the room
yo motherfuckers y'all nut ball
Craigslist but a hook now where is it
I'm coming by you got me the fuck your
ass I'm gonna fuck your ass huh
i'ma beat show ass I'm a beater to them
for you will be my boyfriend when I move
in bitch don't hang up on me oh oh yeah
I'm calling about the room that's on the
website Craigslist calm I'm seeing the
addresses okay but I need to know about
the room for rent I'm gonna stop by I
gotta work until 3:30 so if I can stop
by after work to check out the room I
can give you the down deposit today yeah
don't call me over the room sir it's on
Craigslist your numbers on the ad why
are you so mean to me sir
hey I'm calling about that room um the
room on Craigslist calm sir okay well
I'm gonna stop by I'm gonna stop by okay
look I'm coming by okay hello I call a
past room on quickness but call us when
you get here in a village Rex let's pop
call room 125 I think I'll call back oh
I know good chance to leave number
please come crashing through balloon
Rufus Craigslist er a little address sir
hello can you sir I will got you sir I
will find you
