what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here and I give a lot of messages
on Xbox Live a lot of voice messages a
lot of them I've lost there's a lot of
crazy ones out there this to me some
shit right first video I'm going to do
it
pickle boys Xbox message is so let's
hear what some of the people are sending
me this is from ketchup my hot dog let's
hear what you said
pickle boy pickle boy he's got a rap
skill he can cook pickle boy can you
send me message back yeah so at the end
there you sort of sounded like the old
man off a family guy he messaged me back
pickle boy
so thanks for the message was your name
again
ketchup my hot dog I don't know if
that's some sort of like penis period
blood kind of joke but okay this one is
from puma x legends we'll see what he
says
no I fucking hit reply now so this is
the great chain 94 reply again - no
longer videos kid beyond the camera just
know you're funny man you're awesome so
I would love to have you add me on xbox
cuz you're awesome man
hello well certainly I will add you on
xbox you profile o accept friend
requests looks like ketchup my hot dog
sent another message we'll see what he
said
Hey Dude um can you messing me back
about the last place because I didn't
want to hear what you think about them
if you don't want to do it or if you do
but dude um if you don't want me to
message you anymore just mention message
me back and I'll stop because I'm a huge
pain okay first I don't know what you're
referring to uh whatever the first part
of the message was talking about I don't
know second you can write me all you
want what I'll take a boy oh I got you
getting tagged awful in your videos just
mean to make a video on or YouTube all
nor the shit out of being grandpa you
have it inside any voice or I can take
like so yes let's do it bro and you'll
be so awesome I kind of I like your kid
voice because it sounds like a little
kid in you annoying Greek Grampa with it
I don't know okay
ketchup my hot dog has messaged me again
what is he saying
dude please send me a message girl
I I know I'm being annoying because lord
I mean and I lied about the orphan thing
but whatever a bajillion care could you
have me read the message yet okay I'm
apparently apparently this guy's
bitching at me because I didn't reply to
his message app and he lied to me about
some sort of orphan thing so now I am
curious to see what orphan think he lied
about so I'm going to look for another
message from him oh here this is right
under it okay this is what the orphan
thing is referring to hi hi hi except my
friend please because well that's the
only thing that would make me happy
because I'm an orphan i watch your
videos to brighten my day but I give you
subscribers and likes shares but you
won't talk to me well one I'm not
ignoring you I didn't see the message
till just now - I now know that you've
lied to me about the orphan thing so I'm
probably not gonna accept your friend
request now because you I'm an orphan
accept me okay slit master forty-four I
don't want to know what slit master
means so I'm not really going to dwell
on that too much so let's just play what
slit Master has to say
except my friend cool okay I don't have
time to accept your friend Recor hey
Bridget I'm answering fan mail on Xbox I
have another one from slit master and
again I don't want to know what slit
master stands for he is slit master 44
I'm assuming that means he's gifted
sexually playboys oh by the way a big
anger grandpa fan y'all probably get a
couple packages than from me yeah I
don't know what to I don't know what to
think about you're probably going to get
a couple of packages from me soon send
them to the post office hopefully
they're gonna scan them correctly and
keep us safe US Post Office I'm counting
on you I don't want to get no surprises
so he just sent another message right
now here's a prank friend your anger
grandpa video hey
so he just sent an idea for an anger
grandpa video that I was already gonna
do I had to remove the idea from the
video because I was already planning on
doing it so for your answer to this the
third or whatever the prank idea you
sent me I'm already planning on it I
couldn't keep it in the video because I
don't want people telling them but just
wait it's gonna happen I don't know when
but it's gonna happen oh okay so you're
probably gonna hear like an echo because
I don't have any headphones oh no I just
oh well what's up a little you're
resting over here with a pretty please
with material to then can make one of my
raps well I'm a psychopath running with
the knife and bag
stuck in the gutters with the white
Michael Myers mass killing little girls
at night I grabbed her shopping bags and
grabbed her face and then the gag could
drag it to the woods to stab well this
is a xbox live party going on behind me
that's it like subscribe favorite this
has been messages I get on Xbox Live so
there you go
