get behind a camera here did you last
hear you was here and I am sitting here
with somebody you guys have been asking
about again grandma just filming you
you've been asking about you
she's still divorced as she said so
grandma what are you been doing oh yeah
I want to know if anybody seen her hair
yet but there's what her hair looks like
now naturalism
mom has picked up a smoking habit now
she has addicted to cigarettes she went
to the doctor yesterday and he didn't
x-ray of her lungs and they found a
malignant tumor it's pretty serious
I'm watching a lot of Breaking Bad that
wasn't true are you lying now
oh god hit-and-run ooh mom's mom's
speaking of a man whom she had sexual
relations with whom dropped her like a
bad penny after he had sex with her he
works at the Charleston or is it which
Fire Department they work out oh he's
retired from the fire department things
Gerald I fuck him he don't play with my
heart what do you got to say mom hello
everybody I'll be out putting some more
videos on soon no no that means I'll be
uh written my own place well I can film
the adventurous with grandma tearing up
shit I want to she's an angry bitter
woman now
well you girls out there don't let them
tapping them go now take the advice from
Grandma don't let men tap it and go yeah
girl
hi anger grandpa oh you saying a little
dad no dad mom says hello my grandchild
Alliance seen him in a month
oh yeah what loves me seem dad I don't
know what that means how long ago that
was
oh well right why was that woman to
dinner angry and bitter moms a salty
bitch man yeah but there's a guy out
there I'd like to meet
he's an Elvis impersonator his name was
Jenny sterling and he's hot
Danny sterling that guy we had me and
Grandpa no bullshit
it's weird she summons him um we had we
ate Chinese with Daniel Serling the
other day he was at CMW super buffet we
got a big white truck is his vision of
Elvis on it yep we had dinner with Danny
sterling moms with crush mom's main
course Danny sterling if you're watching
this my mom is interested in getting a
little bit of the OL she's interested
she wants a little bit of Elvis is what
I call like his boa he's been to Hawaii
he knows she's looking to get laid how's
that dandy strolling I threw out of the
little dating thing for Danny sterling
guys go to vision of Elvis calm write
him and say grandma
Mingo grandpa videos is interested in a
date and we would film it their date to
see NW super buffet
so that's catching up with grandma she's
interested in Dayton Danny sterling all
of you if you want to write Danny
sterling send him this video see
grandma's interested she's looking she
wants to see him perform she wants says
hunka hunka burnin love what's another
Elvis line I can use for this
take care business she wants to take
care of business what else we got
you don't know any kind of Elvis lines
that can apply she wants to let's rock
man work those a fail don't be cool yeah
don't be cruel Fannie to my mom don't be
cruel
well say goodbye to everybody hi
everybody
say hello to Danny Serling I'd like to
this is he'll probably see this so say
hello hello Danny vision of Elvis calm
send this video to Danny Sterling's
don't do any of that
