yeah I get the camera now no you also
get to the car I try to do something
nice to you you don't appreciate it I
want you to clean the carpet for me but
I don't want to be berated while you do
it
but they're going to be ready to do it
all the day and loaders you'll get about
this about what is clean in here
everybody's going to be testing about
you make your poor daddy do your job you
need to clean it
Oh would you hmm okay he is not even
cleaner welcome you to the second you
leave I ain't leaving until my her genie
got a gun oh yeah says who looking the
other half okay I'll clean this and she
cleans the rest of everything glued in
the room I heard a bathroom Oh is she
gonna fucking stink up my bathroom a
kiss gonna worse all these your legs
crossed
you gotta take a bill shit I can tell
you leave right on my carpet yeah yeah
that's fine
Oh screaming stuff it's fine I did my
best in here I'm sorry don't have no
carpet cleaner
he's shooting right now oh my god please
tell me Cara pick that up
laughs while they're shitting you turn
the fan on when you're done
it makes the flush this time last time
dad took a crap on our toilet and flush
yes who is he's me obviously man steal
ah I'm not cleaning your carpets first
of all why what is what yeah Wow paid
for I'll pick it up anymore
where do you get out of humiliatingly
good laugh you get a good laugh out of
that's what it is no I want two guys
kitchen straight you came and it was
clean in here not the carpets not like
shit oh I can't I don't know what to do
okay it is not stinking up here that
Congress knows that bad I'll believe you
okay take your cleaner with you no I'm
gonna use it okay for example I'm really
gonna anger tomorrow yeah you didn't see
you didn't see it when you came home I
had to clean my time you got in oh yes
you um Peter Bridge gonna try to take
credit for cleaning insert this clip of
me cleaning the house by myself
Brady told me she says she clean now is
it inserting another collision she came
home you were sitting on your ass doing
nothing okay and shot the next clip of
me cleaning house wanna sell and this is
Jen's by the time she got her golf stuff
picked up the dish was you were still
sitting your engine say that did you
really say that I you didn't know I
filmed it did you I selling me cleaning
the house now your lies exposed in your
face sheer not I believe her still well
watch this video I don't care about the
video it's a video evidence of me
cleaning the house get out you're just
ganging up on me no I'm not doing this
whatever I'm out of this no here you go
to Italy you know my god I will tell
every younger right you to the kingdom
cops are coming okay
