QB on a camera here fridge OS right
there
grandpa here nephews here and we are
here for Sunday dinner and this looks
good man
lo q / beef stew Luke you kind of meet
you got in there maybe me ah ain't no
maybe meeting when the Dodgers are got
something decent me pressure-cooked it
to tenderize it it's like oh look at
this movie oh you're making me grossed
out here you go
my try piece is meat I don't know how is
that purse to me yeah how you gets to me
so tender roaster cooker stew meat
tenderized by our pressure cook so here
we go I'll make us a play you hungry we
want the most back and then dad for
another video on his channel is making
bacon brownies so this is the inside of
grandpa's potato au gratin homemade I
gotta say they look fucking delicious
mmm bridges we're getting rice for five
minutes
I don't never eat rice on my beach - hey
we're rolls what we're rolls you
promised I knew ya where they are in
that bag when you make them whenever you
want dude I who do I got to make my own
damn rolls for my dad invites me for
Sunday dinner I gotta make the roll
yeah like I can't hear you
you think you've got his foot of a pole
anybody get full life you got to get out
of goddamn shovel and get all over
everything
I didn't do that kill you did you
invited me for this I'm gonna go home
that's not gonna leave anybody no
goddamn more please tell me the crescent
rolls at least and you bug me I'd get
their law they are not wrong but I bet
they're not oh you couldn't look at mo
the doing well well what
hi another nice lady you right you got
nothing to say
you got no skin in the goddamn game
whatsoever does that mean what I do
we're a good little Sunday and you're a
bad fucking PD man you keep going up now
you can't answer that
I am bettin you ain't with you up
