what's going on you guys get brandy
camera here Bridget was there and first
of all cut my hair qumola unibrow
what start babe oh so anyway first thing
I want to do is comment on the ill mind
of Hopsin 6 which I've not said anything
about yet it's amazing
Bridget it's amazing I thought it was
gonna be impossible to top ill mind of
Hopsin 5 but I think he might have done
it with this if you haven't heard it
check the link below and any like hops
that needs my promotion will help but
click the link below anyway check it out
the song is about his friend who is
having a problem with crystal meth and
drugs just check it out it's amazing it
is amazing
it's like my favorite song so right now
Bridget and I are on our way to the
movies and we are going to see the
conjuring I can't wait to see it the
reading part is so amazing I have not
seen one trailer I've not seen one TV
spot I honestly did not even want to
freaking see it
I wanna see I know nothing about this
movie except for the fact that right now
I'm rotten tomatoes and has an 85%
rating in the IGN gave it an 8.0 so we
have to see it I've got to see a movie
that has this kind of a rating horror
movie I'm gonna check it out so what
city is watching Sidious by the way
that's an amazing one tiptoe through the
window by the window that's where I'll
become tiptoe through the turnips
with me so when the movie is over with I
will let do a blog post funny and
tributo through the wind up here we are
at Regal Cinemas here in North
Charleston
hey Regal Cinemas and we are getting
tickets to see the conjuring so wish I
hope it's good thank you - I really hope
it's good because I really did not even
want to see it it looks stupid she
didn't want to see it I don't know
anything about it I don't know how it
looks it could be a big pile of dog shit
for all I know I was going to point the
camera at the sign but there are people
I wanted a recording though so we're
going here we're now leaving the
conjuring project it was great it was a
good movie I liked it it was worth an 8
I'll give it a six out of ten I would
give it a seven point five six is a good
rating for me I like six rated movies I
give it a six out of a ten
we got have a hundred out of a hundred
probably 68 percent you know what I
think I would go with probably like 17%
Bridget really liked it it is really
dark so anyway it's a shadow shit anyway
so hope they weren't that
our now what the fuck okay some freaky
shit happen in this car huh oh shit
