keep behind the camera here I will play
my toys but but my bubble but getting to
my toys I got started I just don't know
what to say ah he called me pizza boy I
think I do pickle I got baby Vienna
sausage baby if I'm lucky
goodbye the carrot all I do is cry I
don't know what wrong with me they're
doing wrong with me but I had a bigger
boy wrestling uncle wrestling and I want
you to read a ring I told it away could
i retarded everybody nothing you do
Batman
I talk he bad man but I can't do that
shit hurtful goddamn job if I cried as
much that son of a bitch over there my
pen yeah you go poop you poop your mouth
what you do I get behind the camera and
I go with Brigitte and she got Ally
showed me if she wants me out like I'm a
dog I don't hear if you chase me outside
she won't be around up where I live give
me away
yeah I'm in the doggy name give out a
camera I'm a pooch anybody would you put
your food in any way any way grandpa
meeting me
grandpa talk trash behind me I will cry
get the sword dhu now you tell you
crouch I was kind of my jogging or doing
that shit
I will watch but it's not lost
you don't know shit I don't fucking
office anyway I ain't gonna do like him
y'all just yo judge me I'm keep on the
camera and I'm good till your butt over
there whatever I wanna go by let me cry
cry babies I'm a crybaby my name is my
name is give on the camera and I can't
afford is he here
