okay guys what do you think I'm
literally terrified right now I feel
like he's going to jump on me i Sawyer I
look at that
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here but to us here right there
and today is Friday I felt like you
didn't know four sections like today is
um of course I knew it's Friday
guys today it's Friday and today before
we get into anything if you didn't see
the vlog we uploaded yesterday we
pranked angry grandpa check this out
they took copies of our social security
numbers driver's license number how do
you do all that well I gave it all to
them but why why would you do that cuz I
thought it was the police I thought you
were being arrested by checkers cuz I
thought you like threw a brick through
the window or something I knew you just
talked about him on Twitch ball we
pranked angry grandpa into thinking that
he was no longer loud at checkers his
favorite burger place he was not happy
if you haven't seen it the link is below
go check it out today is Friday and
today Michael is about to take a shower
cause he smells like crap okay number
one she's right number two no I'm not
hey no I'm not last week I told
everybody that I needed to clean my
office because you guys I needed to
clean that office it has total train
right things were everywhere things were
out of place and I really needed to do
it well one dreams of progress I've
still got to clean the guys but I don't
know what to do can we just pay somebody
I could ask my mom let's call your mom a
scribble pair to clean this up but this
is just oh man I don't know what to do
Roy it's not worse it's like it's like a
junkyard in here it's gotten worse since
last week even yeah this is what's guys
what I'm trying to do is clean the
office so I can finally start the
reaction Channel I told you you know
last month I'm starting to react
so excited well we're never gonna do it
if we don't clean the office I'm calling
mom
stats yes you need to call what's broken
my foot what who pays to filthy in here
you're one to talk look at all your
stuff what's what I'm talking about all
of our stuff it's way too dirty we have
to do you got more stuff in here than I
do we stop like playing the blame game
okay I want to show everybody what I got
big surprise
Oh big white circle don't start guys so
cool your reaction channel I wanted to
get something a little special so I got
this
I just clicks good was it cause like a
clicker stop it wire no hold on
surprise where's the thing you're
looking something from space please the
new name of the vlog is the thing from
space all right guys ready all right
well this is Mitchell in it I'm ready
all right guys here comes the new pickle
boy all of a sudden I just NHD pick a
boy is lit guys Bridgette pickle boy
gets lit oh yeah sure anyways guys how
am I gonna vlog supposed to do this I
know
oh my god it's like blinding it's bright
show me show me I want to see Bridget
lit all right lift the light up more
Bridget you were gonna hate this really
almost like you don't have eyebrows
again
guys this is what Bridget looks like I'm
not like good glutton huh
yeah you're always it good so that's the
goal you guys clean this office uh-huh
that's about six years with the work
right there yeah then we're gonna start
the reaction channel guys it's coming if
you haven't subscribed yet the
over-reaction show we do got videos
planned guys I'm planning my first one I
think it's going to be the video with
the guy falling in love with this car I
don't know I'm thinking well guys what
time I start October is over guys if you
have any ideas let us know in the
comments section tweet us some videos
our first reaction
let's go continue this vlog all I see is
bright halo everywhere it was too bright
no I need you to stop like making fun of
me I'm not making fun of you I'm worried
about you
good no oh no you really can't do
sarcastic right now you love this cuz
it's your fine up that's why you start
to get better okay good cut out of the
vlog no tennis no put it on yo hey guys
so right now Michael is in the room
playing wrestling and tonight I'm gonna
prank
come on ah there you are
let's go put you in the Attic so I'm
actually still a little scared to go up
here but um I really have to prank them
it's Friday
Oh God
anyone there
okay Chucky you save right there scare
Michael not me Oh Felix just scared me
guys okay okay hopefully that's ours I'm
really scared
what was that
okay okay
oh my god you're so heavy Chucky okay
guys what do you think I'm literally
terrified right now
I feel like he's going to jump on me i
Sawyer I look at that okay guys let's
get Michael Michael I heard something in
the Attic I heard something in the attic
attic the Attic
like a lot of bang we are not doing this
again no I please check it out I can't
please what did it sound like it was a
very loud bang why are you filming this
we said we would not because I heard a
loud noise I decided turned on did you
record the noise no well then what's the
point of any of maybes because I'm
filming to try to get some noise
maybe I'll happen again what did it
sound like
Mike I don't want to go up there if
someone's gonna spring out of it and
like come at me what did it sound like
I got thud just like a it was much
louder than I'd like the first night no
it was denser than that let's go dude
back up I don't want them inflate I'm so
scared
yeah don't worry I'll get all the
weapons bring Lucille there's nothing up
there dude what if there is come on
we've been here all day
who scared
chill dude I just it was scary yeah so
you know we know you're up there come on
out
there's nothing only on this side
I don't know comfortable over here there
was nothing there it's fine well look
what try knocking again or something
there was nothing nude wouldn't it sound
like did you hear that
no I heard like uh that was you know was
it when you gotta stop this it wasn't me
yeah that was clearly okay okay that was
sick
oh my god okay no I hurt myself from
jumping into the bathroom oh my gosh
bro my heart when I open it so Chuckie
are you about to cry yes I am crying
sorry
hi paint month hype October it appears
on the only one the spirit why am I
doing this right now I need a thumbnail
this is the most humiliating thing I
just set him on it bro you should've
seen his face when I was walking up here
with him
wow that was creepy
got it Michael and I gotta look scared
or something why and turn towards me
only this what do you have it no not at
all
come on what do you want to do okay I
don't like the thing at least open your
mouth or something good so that's
something we'll do is something Odile
how long maybe you should hold check it
to your face oh come on with all this
dude
so the Volks call Chucky's in the Attic
thank you guys train do we agreed no
more pranks why are we still doing this
I'll be your friend till the end got a
problem with that Chuck you can deal
with me okay oh well trust that he's not
alive
you know you know how terrifying it get
a Chucky you know you know how
terrifying it get a Chucky right thanks
what if you want to hit the TV
Thanks that could've hit the TV if you
look turn light off your mask you told
me was alive you go Chuck you eat my
face off is that what I should have done
that light Oh me I'm not tired of it
which I see bring irresponsible huh
Bridget Michael it was a joke
pretty irresponsible joke Bridget get
over it no it was funnier now we're
gonna check to make sure
poor little Chuck is not broke he
probably is you destroyed the only cool
thing we have whoa
it's screwed our floor up though what do
we do to fix that cams for screwed don't
say that
well and there's one of those whose
fault is it yours no it's not Michael
and you told me he was alive all month
I haven't prank Bridgette all month I
was like okay I can think of a good
prank I'm gonna be respectful and not do
it and you think of all this good stuff
look I'm a better prank or than you
always have been always will be putting
Chucky in the Attic that's just sick
it's disgusting
exactly that's why I had to do it I just
think I spend a buck I bet you didn't
have another Jason prank plan he just
had a bitch it once I was onto your game
I don't know when did you plan Chucky in
that attic like two weeks it was all
that attic stuff real or was it just for
the Chuckie prank what do you mean you
didn't want where we really searching
for ghosts and stuff and you thought
yeah I had to make sure that this was
some elaborate yeah that was
you're sick now I gotta think of water
what are you we're doing the outro guys
please comment below some prank ideas I
ruined the floor the floor is ruined I'm
gonna show you the floor before the
outro
I'm mad about that we're at the bar like
no wood I'm really mad about it my floor
is ruined because of you because of you
you should've told me he was alive in my
arms so I did this to the floor and this
so that's what I did because of Bridget
nice job my cuz of you
yes I'm coming Liz this was you that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching proud of yourself I'm very
proud of myself very proud guys dimly
proud it is what it is kids I may not be
able to prank you in October forever but
I can in November yeah guys smack the
like button if you want to November
prank November is no shower month not
prank month okay yeah I'll totals no
shower buff for you too ok and so was
March because she showered all year
anyway guys I'm getting out of here
thank you look I shave shave you also
made no shower no shave no shower same
thing to this guys I'm getting outta
here thanks for watching
she got me okay she got me thanks for
watch mortally dead okay you don't go to
keep like being so bragging dude it is
so awesome it's absolutely terrified
guys this is what are those guys I don't
think like people who are new here I am
absolutely terrified of Chucky you don't
realize how much guys getting out of
here thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite everything but you ice and
that's it I love you guys so much at the
last October friend you
no it isn't it is
