verdict we the jury find George
Zimmerman not guilty so say we all
four person is either side one to pull
the jury where you are I'm dead I'm
coming over I'm coming over I'm coming
over dad I'm coming over dad I'm coming
over I'm good
I can't help but to grill with me agree
with him
you know what huh maybe we do you them
got right there that be the shit lawyer
then we need to give him 30 pieces of
soap you sold out another guy pulling
Judas yeah dude good he knows in his gut
and then he he does he killed man - well
we just give him 30 piece of silver
Thank You dick good night I can't help
but I just happened to hear his lawyer
say was it fair it was a little like
David and Goliath but we won cool
there's no justice that's the problem
that's why dad's upset that's what I
didn't do this now but this is why
people are upset something had to happen
you killed somebody you people go to
freakin jail over parking tickets you're
not gonna go to jail over killing
somebody you killed somebody you got to
get some time in jail for this
better Trayvon Martin never get another
cup of coffee that's right never body
pack of Skittles calm down yeah why
can't I touch you what is this about why
can't I can't touchy I'll trust you I
don't trust our legal system I don't
trust no one
don't trust me no I'm just me hell no
let's clean up the towel get out of here
keep it on everything we need what you
go do kill you guys we are good for that
shit didn't get away with it
forum for now if you need put a big sign
outside Laura welcome to Florida kill
your neighbor and walk do you want to
turn it off good I will do this
