okay here you go help me get the fuck oh
god back throw up what is why is the egg
smell like that would you put that
goddamn camera down fuck healthy I am
helping you with the camera oh shut the
fuck up
we over here she obviously went all
around your car and egged it she called
it a fucking heap of shit or whatever
obviously she wanted to do this in the
beginning her fat ass going to jail
tonight oh it doesn't smell any better I
was wrong lovable nothing to me right
what do you want to do we have to go to
cut in from what I'm talking about about
her right now that's not my concern
let's go right now god damn van we've
got him down people you think you gotta
prove you cleaned it what would you do
some of the egg your goddamn van
somebody ate your van won't you do later
brother
oh that's good thinking
