what melt this yeah well I need
something quick
I don't the deal thanks Michael
murder car
they don't cry
it's just a fail there's all kind of
fell out things I can't believe she'd
ever do wrong baby please tell me that
it isn't true
fuck it oh I can't believe she'd ever be
the type what the fuck my family and
baby Jesus mean I need her near me
where's my sanity there we go this is
two day old rice which you promised aid
what oh my god two days old the rice has
to be two days old for the fried rice to
work otherwise it'll turn out mushy and
disgusting to just boil your rice a
couple of days in advance and there you
go they'll use it a couple of days later
and first thing we're going to start
working on is the sesame chicken because
we ain't just having fried rice we're
having sesame chicken fried rice and egg
rolls and step one is cutting up this
chicken and the chunks so we have our
chicken right here this is boneless
chicken I've got more right there but
I'm going to do in a second
my first step is going to be to cut off
all this fat all this white stuff right
there on the edges and I'm going to cut
all that off now that I've done that I'm
going to cut chunks so there we have our
chicken now the first thing we're going
to add is four teaspoons of sesame oil
that's one some black pepper three
teaspoons of sugar 2 teaspoons of powder
chicken bullion and just a little bit of
sherry cooking wine and just a little
bit of sherry cooking wine this will
just sit here and the fridge cover and
marinate for 1 hour because we want
start adding some
- this these eggs will be scrambled this
or putting some in
I'm going to add a little bit of this
ham egg mixture
god this is fucking disgusting fried
rice actually I fucked up now then for
the egg rolls first peel up all this
chicken now to the chicken I have a bag
of coleslaw and then I proceeded to wrap
it point we sit this down
a second egg roll and a third um boiling
whole des aren't I want to show the
camera sunglasses my mom said they look
good on me bow no fuck this stupid shit
but John don't film this one now
everything is fucked up it's all failed
yeah all those love is just fucking
sesame chicken no please I'm really
getting angry now cuz do you sandwich is
really good yeah I'm glad though the
fucking doofus at Walmart knows how to
cook and I don't um what you better
chill the fuck out these are brand new
clothes
oh my god I'm so sorry Bridget should be
my fucking humiliations at an all-time
high now you don't care you laugh away
at me horrible stop trying the chicken
it's my last chance
how's it going babe are you saying
kitchens all right now Thanks I just
cleaned it I played a little guys we
need to clean again tonight I got the
living room I'll get up what table do
the basics in the dishes spotless though
knowing you water and water dividers huh
you don't worry about me
you get that table so I well I'm well
aware that I have failed I get it now
I'm trying to just do something so first
work on my sauce for my sesame sauce 1/2
a cup sugar 2/3 cup honey almost 1/2 cup
of ketchup and just a little bit of soy
sauce
you keep that up Brett
toss the chicken in it
trust me feeds on it and we got sesame
chicken I think you least please try
this please oh please yeah I'm trying to
get a bridge I'm really desperate for
something to be tasty here yeah well I
don't want to wait for you get something
to drink closely coordinate really did
it it's weird
