all right dad's out of play right now
what the trailers right to play where
are you I got it real get over here now
put the door for the glare don't come in
dad you're missing would you mind
turning it off no daughter five rock
star I've tried to imagine here I don't
care okay I got it dad please stop
California what Kevin mountains and snow
suits me get over here
this new GTA game what I hear no we're
not in yay okay you play candy crush my
life is oh please please you were
fucking a television watch I don't give
up
just watch it you got me a kid made of
shit or worker this is not for Clips
time the game features okay I'm gonna
get pissed off at you not add there get
all right oh my god aunt Edie all right
did you change my goddamn TV why does it
tell you I go on I will kill that bitch
dead butter
stop
okay all right I got
