so all you Xbox users out there myself
included I wanted to give you guys an
idea of what it's like to own a
Playstation 3 let's call this the
interactive PlayStation 3 experience so
get ready
buckle your seat belts and get rated
along what it's like to own this
fast-paced badass system known as the
Play Station 3 right here that's right
owning a Playstation 3 is sort of like
waiting for the bus to come I'm
downloading uncharted 3 40 gigabyte and
it's available for free and the
PlayStation Plus service thank you for
that and while you can download in the
background and you're able to multitask
while you're doing that the range in
else you can do while it's installing
which is where I'm at right here it
seems like it's been installing for the
past five fucking hours because it
downloads and increments like this 12
gigabytes per and have to install them
one by one by one by one by one so right
now I'm adding the single-player
experience uncharted 3 12 gigabytes it's
been stalling for about 45 minutes which
means this has been my playstation 3
experience oh wow steel I like that
color teal that's what it's like to own
a Playstation 3 waiting and watching I
never had to do this with the Xbox when
I download a game it downloads
I played the motherfucker this game I
got to download it install it and you
can't do shit else to the system while
it's installing except watch it install
and before you people start saying oh
it's probably your internet connection
well I got a wired connection running
straight to the PlayStation 3 itself
through the wire I get about 15
megabytes per second of Internet
going straight to the box that same
internet lets me download a game on the
Xbox in about 45 minutes granted but I
can play it instantly on this it takes
me about 3 to 4 hours to download the
game then another 3 to 4 hours to
install the damn thing I get the
comments everybody was saying why do you
even buy a ps3 and the ps4 --the coming
out the reason i bought a PlayStation 3
right now is because I wanted to test it
out to see what I thought about it
before I made my final decision on
pre-ordering an Xbox or a PlayStation 4
while I loved the free games PlayStation
Plus has I don't know if I'm getting a
PlayStation 4 now if this is what it's
like look at there another 15 minutes
later and that install is complete so
let's see what happens next
on the PlayStation ok I've been waiting
for a minute here but anyway there we go
has done something ok now that this is
everything that I have to install right
now I could go ahead and play a game
ignore everything but I have thought to
install this this this that so while I
can put in a game right now and play it
I'm gonna have to get this done
eventually so let's go ahead and install
this next one 13 gigabytes and I just
continued my PlayStation experience and
wait for it to finish
