keep behind the camera here I'm sitting
at Grandpa's house
he just bitched about I don't know what
he was talking about I don't know the
whole story
I'm not gonna pretend to know this is
what's gonna do some time you dude I
don't watch the news is propaganda
again I don't watch the news it's all
propaganda it's all just hate I don't do
I don't do it but anyway sitting here at
grandpa's house
there's Bridget there's dad just 40 just
go grandpa
baby boy when the princess we're getting
the dress now I figured a dress you said
you get the tiara where is it
oh I get it y'all get dressed like a
tiara so which we going to Ryan's our
damn Golden Corral I didn't need to go
to stick it in stake it and say cue me
yeah that would be brutal
that would be all I've got here cars now
it is a little bit like 7:00 at night
it's just far no breeze affaires just
feel them dead lifting his body to find
give a lot okay I'm gonna go ahead David
this goddamn you know actually Sugarbush
20 rows you gotta play me sugar crush
how you get rid of you not taking your
card no you can't have it I can't let
you baby
fuck you know anybody a crush I'm sure
my problem yeah I'm sure about my
problem
see I'm done with 38 I'm going here now
right yeah now watch this run hit it
already tells me it won't and I got I
keep a sprint I keep a lot now Steele
was charging down that since I'm not on
the computer I have it on me right I got
it on my tablet you put it up there
because it makes me have to download a
shit I want the fuck I'm doing
gem away
so we just got a stake in shake here in
Charleston it opened about a week ago
bridget is walking grandpa through
candy crush I wrote a bathroom Mike
don't kill me here grandma's gonna go
take a shit so we got a stake in shake I
haven't eaten there before but it just
opened so I'm gonna work on my diabetic
coma taking shape you want them to pick
yeah okay for Bridget dressing up in her
little dress do you want her to eat it
Ryan's Golden Corral or the brand-new
Steak and Shake and I heard dad
screaming in there post below post below
in the comments if you want her to dress
up in her little dress at the Steak and
Shake or there will be a lot of people
Ryan's where the problem will be that
many people or the Golden Corral where
there ain't nobody ok I won't just
choose one you want Steak and Shake
Golden Corral what the hell you got
candy courts going on two different
devices I got on my tablet ooh and
Chinese
but it won't I'm as far where the
whipped-cream hard jelly and then a
little bit of jelly but that's easy I
got to do that
give me two tries I thought dad's a
heavy one
I'm better circulation you are what
level us I'm a dirty sub go into the new
episode but it won't let me get on there
mother fucker marina vodka justice Louis
goddamn toup you ever had my life
probably virus let's see yeah okay so
okay
