we decided we were going to come out
here to trailwood and this is what we're
seeing oh my god it's like we found some
lost world
I remember remember driving down this
road see how just kiddin we're gonna be
on our road restraint so if you guys are
wondering this is what has become a
restraint or trailwood for grandpa and
me and Bridget and mom and our nephews
we all lived until governor Haley
decided that we weren't people and no
but we weren't affected by boating so
this is what's thinking nikki Haley
thank you felling thank you
thank you
here we go REE Street
last time I was every Street arguing you
want to see clip that here's a clip here
right here this was why our trailer was
5430 repeat that was our yard I took
that these are the neighbors who hated
us final look at where our trailer used
to be
rolling up the window now
