are you completely dumb what am i
Michael Chang licked I don't care what
the ass poor well if you have to press
charges then as long as it'll come on me
all do it
what's going on you guys Kip you got a
kidney stone here behind some water I'm
not drinking water for the past couple
of days I have been at misery now the
kidney stone I think I don't know I'm
not going to the doctor check huh should
I go to the doctor check you should
probably go yeah let me know in the
comment section if I should go to the
doctor to get checked out it hurts to
like breathe and it's horrible he has a
really high pain tolerance guys I do
I'll be honest I can deal with it like
Michael he cries over the little things
to get scared easily but when it comes
to pain he's got it I'm a man today is
your van dahl G make Nepal jugs
today if you guys didn't see yesterday's
vlog you missed one of the funniest
scenes we have ever filmed where Doug
thought he was helping us ward off evil
spirits
by doing this evil spirits go away evil
spirits go away evil spirits no way evil
spirits go already
don't touch it yeah how did look that's
helping anything okay he seems to think
that it helped I don't know I don't
think that it helped I was like crying
guys ain't crapping your pants guys
today is Thursday and today we're going
over to see grandpa but first we're
gonna paint column we're prank calling
grandpa saying he got banned from
checkers so the other day I was talking
to the youtuber keemstar
he runs the dramaalert channel and he
was telling me that I need to check out
stranger things I told him I haven't
seen you started freaking out on me what
are you doing
don't watch act I've never seen it and
he started freaking out and I started to
look in the comments section there were
tons of people asking me what I thought
about stranger things I'm like okay
everybody wants me to watch stranger
things and we hadn't seen it we have to
watch stranger things yeah so guys we
just bought the strange of things
blu-ray and I wanted to do a little bit
of an unboxing right it's like because
it's so strange it's meant to look like
a VHS tape like isn't this wild
which as kids if you're watching and
wondering what a VHS tape is it's I have
to insert a clip of BMO like a VHS now
yeah it's you know 17 babe man I didn't
want to have to answer like a clip of
what a VHS tape was now a VHS tape was
an old format for anyone else to say it
was like it was film I don't know man
you could tape over it guys this is not
a VHS that there's a DVD blu-ray but it
looks like one so we're gonna open this
up dude that is so cool it really is
that is cool man
makes me excited to watch this show I
hope it's good I've not seen it I'll
tell you a review when we started Wow
Wow oh my god is sick dude is there more
than 200 man oh my god this thing is
loaded with desks dude this is crazy
it's so clever I assume the show was set
in like the 80s or something guys we're
gonna be going over to Grandma's house
in a few minutes we're gonna do the call
first
first we're doing this oh this is cool
how does it go isn't like this is the
safe storage of things I can't tell ya
it's right here there's like a little
yellow circle in the box this is an
indication for a video rental store
which again for you young people who
don't know back in my day you had to
leave your house to get movies Yeah
right there was the Netflix okay there
was there was
like you know playstation internet
renting movies no none of that you had
to leave your home and this indicated it
was like a new release like little
yellow was like oh wow we got me 399 for
that one anyway guys this is crazy
if you haven't seen it check it out I
gotta check it out yeah let's go do this
prank let's call my that it's time to
prank angry grandpa I didn't know what I
wanted to do I didn't know what kind of
prank I was gonna do and I thought why
not call is his favorite place in the
world checkers and tell him that he's no
longer allowed to eat there he's banned
hi prank mine happy prank love guys we
didn't get to do a lot of pranks for you
this month and that's my fault I
apologize but dad wasn't feeling well
and I didn't want to prank him when he's
not feeling well
but now he's feeling okay now I'm gonna
prank call of dad you may welcome back
at checkers hopefully answers usually
doesn't answer like unknown numbers
answer answer come on dad if he answered
there Orban so mad oh my gosh oh hey
Mike what's up well he comes like on
your call oh my gosh yeah please record
your message when you finished recording
you may hang up or press one for more
options
hello mr. green this is Mitch
Springfield I'm calling on behalf of
checkers and rally's international
restaurant chain I need you to call me
back immediately this is a matter of
legal purposes and I need you to call me
back very soon or I'll be calling you
back very soon sir this is very
important please call me back Mitch are
you feeling I don't know what I'm doing
dad come on man
like seriously do not listen to you you
don't drink boys oh this is not gonna
work I thought I was gonna be able to
prank call the guy no no he's answering
so if I call 100 times do it grandpa
answer your phone love Brigitte oh yes
is this charles greane I'm sorry sir I
catch you waking up then I wake you up
I'm sorry oh yes this is mitch
springfield calling on behalf of
checkers and rallies the burger chain
mr. green we actually have a legal
matter to discuss
apparently you were on a twitch calm
stream and you said and I quote checkers
and rallies taste like garbage
is that what you said sir mr. green I
got your number from your son Michael we
need to discuss this matter this is miss
Springfield I'm calling on behalf of the
legal department of checkers on rallies
and I were okay so maybe you need to
wake up and then we can talk because
you're very angry I just want to let you
know on behalf of checkers around you
would no longer be allowed back in the
restaurant establishment again you're
not welcome back at checkers oh I can't
actually
we've noticed it is a free country but
checkers is a private establishment
that's private property you step on our
property you find out what happens he
was getting late dude how was the voice
I was trying to change it up enough it
was pretty good dude oh my god tell them
how about in a few hours
a few hours what if he goes like what if
you like gets in his car and goes to
checkers right now oh my gosh shall I
call them back it's up to you should we
do a person I think you should caught as
much Springfield dude what I do
different boards what if I'm Carol I'll
be a woman ya be Carol excuse me sir
cuz I yes hi I'm sorry my name is Carol
Springfield I'm Mitch's wife I'm calling
on behalf of rallies and checkers excuse
me said nobody said anything about suing
or lawsuits I'm sorry excuse me so that
came a very disrespectful
sir I'm killing my name is Carol I'm a
woman well your son is the one they gave
us your phone number and address sir I
just want to let you know from us you
cannot eat at a restaurant and neither
can your family
so we notified the managers we printed
out your photos you can't come back and
neither can your family if you do you're
gonna find out what's gonna happen don't
show up at a restaurant anymore
okay how about this mess with us and
find out what happens don't you dare
come to my restaurant come back as much
as I want to it I'm not calling back
let's do it in person
come on one more no let's do it in
person what just prank call danger
grandpa you guys I'm not calling back
he's freaking out too much and I don't
even think he'll answer guys I want to
see him in person
dad you're banned from checkers whoa no
way to grandpa's house right now you
guys but before we go there I wanted to
take a minute to do a little bit of
self-promotion selfishly I want to talk
about my new song that just came out you
guys I put it out it is with pfv it is
called my help and there's about a very
personal subject recently I found out
that one of my old friends at a respect
I'm not gonna give the full details but
we hadn't talked in a long time he was a
friend of mine and I went to his
Facebook profile to see you know what
he's been up to and apparently he had
ended his own life about a year ago and
I could you know it took me by surprise
if somebody could have just been there
to you know say hey man you don't got to
do that so we made a song about it
similar situations happen to pfv
and we wrote a song about it so guys if
you want to hear it it is called my help
if you ever feel like doing anything
like that reach out to somebody you know
whoever you got to talk to even if it's
an enemy not even your worst enemy is
gonna wish death on you so if you hadn't
heard it give it a listen the link is
down below pfv thanks for letting me be
part of it man going to Grandpa's house
I wanted to take a minute to talk about
it it's a personal subject but if you
haven't heard it check it out it's
called my help
good great other than phone call I got
earlier I got a weird one you gotta say
I got a call from check ups so I really
can't be we can't eat any more huh what
so we really are many good man
apparently one time you were on Twitch
like some live streaming and you had
said that the burger was disgusting or
something at that time it was well they
got mad at Madden so they banned you
from the restaurants then we immediately
do that that they've done it they
believe not only have they banned you
but they got copies of all of our credit
cards licenses and local family and
friends how about you when nobody can
send us checkers friends nobody why we
can't have our checkers again keep your
kids on the phone they took copies of
our Social Security numbers driver's
license number how do you do that well I
gave it all to them but why why would
you do that cause I thought it was the
police team I thought you were being
arrested by checkers because I thought
you like threw a brick through the
window or something I knew you just
talked about them on Twitch ball so get
this not only can we not have checkers
again but anybody we've ever met can no
longer have checkers because they don't
want anybody bringing us checkers well
they don't need each other no more I
love type of burgers
this sucks you just had your last
checker burger man you got a call to you
didn't you Jenny from checkers yeah yeah
why would you get a call because she's
your daughter
oh my god doesn't get out of hand
they've banned the whole thing with the
checkers man I used to go there all the
time you know buddy going there no no
you know I'm more surprised that you're
still like supporting their shirt like I
don't get that you're right dad no no
hey do it off camera and we'll do like a
fire with it
yeah I'll burn in a minute is it
checkers yes hello yes this is Michael
Greene oh you man a social security
number again do it yeah they gotta have
it are you completely dumb one of my
Michael chain-linked I don't get what
they asked for
well if you have to press charges then
as long as they don't come on me all I'm
doing why I'm flipping on you that is
real mean thank you I would not play on
you well they'll be here like the next
hour to arrest you no go oh yes horrible
of Michael home late funny that it was
me I called you earlier it was a prank
it's prank month I was joking
did you really say you didn't like
checkers on twitch no well then why'd
you just say at the time they were bad
you just thought you did that's it the
road is like checkered shirt checkers
number one fan and he can't have
checkers no more now I won't ever know
that checkers did it dad no that was me
wasn't checkers checkers loves you no I
mean yeah they do why would dad for the
last time I called you earlier
pretending that I was checkers banning
you from the restaurant it was a pre
call Jennifer was just
robbing right there away I didn't clean
her at all she just played you getting
dog so - you kiss my butt you go do it
laura's that's what you do anyway
you can eat checkers again make you
happy I don't care no more now oh jeez
dad you got a chill I'm mad with care
why do you want to meet no more oh I was
a prank car guys I think dad feels like
he's lucid dreaming right now or
something like I don't know yeah it was
I am NOT it was me : yeah you like dad
come for this there's stupid yeah but I
need a thumb do you on the phone so just
take the phone act like you're angrily
screaming at it or something that's my
phone so please don't throw it I need
you to look like you're on it that
that's how you talk on the phone
get it on dude put it to your ear there
we go now so nobody's on the phone
the one where telling somebody he
doesn't get it oh my god are you getting
this it's all basket of puppies
oh I'll leave the big fat furry one oh
my gosh she's the cutest
oh hi all of you I want that one oh my
gosh
you missed a yawn by filming the fat one
well the fat ones the cutest oh I love
them Prison which one should I hold uh
the curly one this one yes
whoa oh look at him it's so cute I was
adorable I mean everybody is oh hi I got
your brother have you named him dad oh
this one's grandpa because he's mean fat
and hairy where's he at on me your head
taste out your mouth
why do I talk like that
what'd you leave me alone why he's gonna
Johnny
I don't think she's I just did this she
was yelling
nobody had accused are done because what
stop being her he's right Sam you should
be in her
