what's going on you guys and a lot of
you have been writing me asking for my
opinion on Xbox one versus PlayStation 4
especially now that III has passed and
we've learned all this information about
it and Xbox has recanted their
statements and then remove shit that
they said that they had and where do I
stand now well when he three happened
and we learned that you do need to
connect your Xbox to the Internet in
order to play games so I made the
decision PlayStation 4 that was going to
be the system that I was going to get
then Xbox came out and recanted their
statements and they said oh you don't
have to connect your Xbox to the
Internet you only got to do it one time
and you'll get an update and it'll
remove all of that stuff so where do I
stand after hearing that statement I'm
still giving a PlayStation 4
because Xbox really didn't fix a fucking
thing if somebody doesn't have internet
then they're not going to be able to
download the update to begin with so how
does having an Xbox that has to connect
to the internet once fix that problem
because you're still gonna have people
will say in the military who can't play
their Xbox because they can't hook it up
to the Internet in day one so they can't
download the update what are they gonna
do your little fix it didn't help much
I'm still pre-order I did still
pre-order the PlayStation 4 I don't care
that you're changing your mind now
because you now are known after the fact
is the company that wanted to fuck me to
begin with now I was talking to Frances
boogie on Twitter and he tells me that
PlayStation Plus gives you three games
and and all this shit and maybe thank
you know what exactly I was paying for
an Xbox LIVE Xbox Live I'm just paying
for the ability to connect to netflix
which I can do for free on my television
which I can still get boodoo to watch
movies on which I can still do all these
fucking apps on my smart TV that I don't
need to
pay a subscription fee for so I was
thinking Microsoft really shoving it up
my ass you see if I still have that
Undertaker coat a little of dildo you
were talking about
were you at dildo get out of there so
slick they're shoving the dildo up our
asses they're shoving it up our ass I
think stuffing it up our ass in a better
way to put a net they are shoving it up
our ass we should not have to pay a
subscription fee to connect to netflix
it should be free you don't treat
customers this way you don't say shit
like oh if you want a system that you
don't have to connect to the internet
biased Xbox 360 no well the folk art of
got an Xbox 360 now I want to
PlayStation 4 so a lot of you wondering
where I stand on the console wars as of
now which I've already pre-ordered it
PlayStation 4
