to be on the camera here give a card
please stop talking about it on your
card
grandpa has an addiction I could get
candy crush saga
I have not I've had to take his card I'm
going to give it back to you but I got
to figure out some shit I put a block on
candy crush what
No God why'd you let her have this game
vote dad this is really effective
saddens me why cuz this game this purse
is stupid and you need to suck my dick
go to bed wetters by name I played it
it's stupid car back at Horsham this
game is stupid it is to haven't played
it for a week because of you you play
for three weeks you caused it I didn't
call shit dude I you know if I knew I'd
be getting you into such a I got my
serious but user money this is when I
wondered what are you more addicted to
cigarettes or candy crush these are not
all cigarettes you've managed did you
get away by shit
I can't play them all
I'm out of laughs a lot of moves it
ain't up to right I want to play candy
crunch give me your card please dad
please
ah you have a lot of can I talk please
you have these friend Jerry I'm gonna
buy a card you have these friends I call
Brittany you have these friend yeah yeah
bricks don't anyone pay your light bill
you think should we give you money for
candy crush she's already spending money
she Bridget spending money her goddamn
self on this game so please stop cuz
it's expensive she spending money too
you've gotta get in dough a a real life
flesh dog that can bark and love you or
a fucking video game that you won't care
about in a month and I gotta go in
baby goddamn oh I may be already smile
as you do I don't know I don't know the
references you're using I don't play
this fucking game you just leave you
help me out feed my addiction get the
fuck out feed your addiction feed my
addiction
