what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here I just wanted to make a
quick video just to say you know rest in
peace to James Gandolfini
I just read the news that James
Gandolfini dies at 51 of a massive heart
attack if you don't know who James
Gandolfini is Tony Soprano star probably
the greatest show in the history of
television
so James Gandolfini died he's dead the
guy is a legend and he's gone I really
don't know what else to say about it
other than rest in peace and dead at 51
years old of a heart attack Jesus Christ
dude I was really really four years
looking forward to a possible Sopranos
movie and there goes that you can't have
The Sopranos without James Gandolfini so
rest in peace James 51 years old is too
fucking young to die
you are a legend
