so we are on our way to Sonic right now
I am on my way to try the peanut butter
bacon milkshake because I'm fat like
that I got to get bacon with my peanut
butter and that they can send it
McDonald's was good bacon Sunday me
ganja mean the camera what beggars on a
McDonald
I eat somewhat the one from Burger King
Oh bacon the bait yeah okay that was
good this is a peanut butter bacon
milkshake so see in a minute I'd like to
know what exactly we're seeing here
what's going on after station
I don't know Bridget what is that
they're planes I guess but those aren't
plane course they are swaying they're
gone not really where they go turn
they're obviously planes but I've never
seen that before
they're gone I'm not sure what we just
witness Bridget but I think we might
have proof of alien life
it was spaceships that was - I don't
know what it was
cannot like do that they can do that cuz
they did do that it was it was a space
they were planes but that was weird I
was cool it was three spaceships what
I'd like that cake and a phony cut the
quarter hi can I get two chili and
cheese Kony's and a peanut butter bacon
milkshake anything up I know man that
said so here we go we're home with the
sonic peanut butter bacon milkshake and
we're going to try it for the first time
so here we go when I say I'm gonna try
for the first time there's quite my
eighth sip so ever I tried it but now
I'm video so okay so initially it's a
delicious peanut butter milk shake
peanut butter milkshakes on my favorite
so far I don't taste any bacon just
thick it's pulling the whole straw
hmm I got bacon that time the bacon
doesn't really have any flavor it's
almost just like a like chunks of crisp
sitting inside a peanut butter milkshake
but it's how do you know it's a fattier
milkshake working on Mack ordinary so it
was good delicious
well that's on my taste of the bacon is
good anyway if you don't hear from me
tomorrow's because I died of a heart
attack but initially it's a pretty damn
good milkshake check it out at your
local sonic try it at that place okay
mmm why there's our mini one I wanted
the footlong delicious
