what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here I'm just making a quick
video to let you guys know that we made
200 thousand subscribers which means I
have to get in a baby pool with pickles
and shit and pickles thrown at me dad's
gonna have to go to Walmart with some
sort of sign and Bridget has to go out
to eat I'm thinking like Golden Corral
or some shit and a full princess gown
which I think it's the worst of all of
them I I got I think Bridge you got the
wrong in this deal but Jesus Christ it
was always us so I'm gonna call grandpa
real quick and I'm gonna let him know
that two hundred thousand I came really
quick you know we just speakerphone yeah
shattered hey I wanted to let you know
that we have two hundred thousand
subscribers know you had to do something
- yes you did you have to you have to go
to Walmart with that sign you have to go
to Walmart with a sign on and we got to
get Bridget we gotta get her that
princess gown so you gonna go out to eat
in it yeah how do we get that where do
we get that from what about the dress
how where do we find that I'm just I'm
just getting over the basics dad I don't
know what to do here
well enjoy your Walmart little thing and
Bridget says the worst one so they've
got 200,000 subscribe that game really
fast you you're doing something by
yourself I'm not doing no more of these
I'll have to come with something but you
have to we'll think of something we'll
think of something later
so grandpa's going to Walmart with a
little poster board to Walmart so you go
to wobble
