you're having a back problem since you
messed with the Ouija board I swung it
over my Harris yeah my printer of my
header earlier and it didn't help much
probably didn't do it right
well I spun it over my head and I said
evil spirits go away what else am I
supposed to do evil spirits go away
what's going on you guys get me on a
Ouija board here but do us here also
behind a Ouija board and today is
Wednesday and today unfortunately for us
we found the Ouija board guys if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog this
happened what are you well because
there's fingerprints Google's good we've
got it we are now the proud owners of a
Ouija board once again and the problem
is well no I'm not proud either but the
problem is we don't know how to get rid
of it Doug gave us some really stupid
advice about putting it in a potato sack
and spinning it over my head and someday
in the next couple days we're gonna be
doing that like guys I don't want to do
it I'm gonna feel stupid but until then
what are we gonna do because neither of
us can sleep at night well Michael you
know you're gonna do it I just said I'm
gonna do it I don't think it's stupid
advice I think you know that he's
talking about guys last night Bridgette
couldn't sleep and I couldn't sleep
because Bridgette couldn't sleep every
five minutes
are you awake well I am now yeah exactly
Michael went turned the light on
because I was trying to sleep guys
whatever today's Wednesday today we got
a deal with a Ouija board how was it
already here and how many did you order
I paid extra for shipping hun
how many'd you order I don't know as
much as we might need
first how do we contain a sex do you
think we're gonna be going through I
don't know
Bridget Michael we don't 40 potato sacks
yes really do you want this is fine we
might need more it's one little chunk of
Ouija board Bridget this oh my god this
is dank stain Oh what is that there is
four per bag and there's like 19 bags
here
how many easy words are we dealing with
oh we take care of the weeds you problem
for everybody at this so I'm gonna put
it invest I'm not doing this what kind
of ship it need you water uh super
one-hour delivery
it was super overnight are we gonna do
this yes
why would ring the bell again the
beaches are protect us yes Bell as a
protector get ready to not look at me
the same again she don't judge okay what
if that lights on don't say it
blocked blue yes I know you you know cuz
pulls are blue no they're aqua Michael
you don't you're not your own colors
they can be blue
actually they're clear so oh my gosh
hold this I got it babe sorry that's off
you see me Bella you let us know if
there's anything in here okay where's
the Ouija board was it the tiny piece I
offer this Ouija board leave us alone
yeah yes
it's officially in the sack okay no what
now let's go outside we got doing here
why because we can't bring it outside
this is just to keep it safe in here
okay now what now I guess he's doing it
over your head ten times like dad side
and how am I supposed to do that like
this yeah that feels goofy look I feel
like would have to be like like that um
I like the other way the other way is
more angry like Domus me ghosts
okay I'll do it that way what if we're
wrong alright yeah I want you to go in
the center
why yeah does it matter what say I guys
can't tell them to go away
there was a specific chant that said
yeah till leave us alone so I'm supposed
to say leave us alone
leave us alone that doesn't sound right
I don't know we're gonna make a mad and
they're gonna really suck messing with
us and we don't do it right
was it an evil spirits go away yeah that
was that it see this thing got on here
and involved in this project because you
were gonna have me waking up to a spirit
over okay you're into the attitude evil
spirits go away evil spirits go away
evil spirits go away evil spirits go
away evil spirits go away evil spirits
fell away evil spirits go away evil
spirits go away evil spirits go away
evil spirits go away all right dude I
actually kind of feel different I think
we're supposed to tie this yes so all
the spirits are now trapped in the
potato sack maybe Big Joe guys just it's
just it's funny I never heard of this
before neither a body you make me feel
stupid or about it don't feel stupid tie
it all right the potato sour cranberry
okay stay haunted that sounds fun right
you want to redo this thing because I
feel like I think we're gonna make a mat
again okay all right it's tied I'll just
drop it I guess
oh yeah let's just drop it nicely placed
oh yeah put a hole in the potato sack
that's it that's fine I'm just leaving
it right there
come on girl yeah is that so is that it
yeah that's it do you feel different no
cuz nothing happened I feel a little
different I feel I don't have here
something how are they supposed to be
trapped in a bag filled with holes I
don't know boss Todd wish us luck
hey you're here early
got off work early Michael my dad's here
hurry up
any day hey dad's here we can bury the
leaderboard yes tonight
the second I buried this thing with my
back stop feeling better yeah this weeds
more gave me a frickin
no it didn't stop tell her it could see
oh my gosh come on all right this is the
last time everybody agree it's the last
time we into the pool house for this
reason tired of it yeah me too
yes right turn the light on turn the
light on
no I mean that you could have just done
it instead of leave me alone all right
what do we do
where's the sage push yourself say what
close yourself before you bury the Ouija
boards you must have sage to burn we
don't have any of that
what do you mean weed I told y'all you
needed this when did he say anything
about kosher salt not anytime recent
does it matter is it is that really
important
right yes what happens next
just going to put it back in the bag I'm
not putting it back in the bag we're
going to bury our orders and leave it
out I'm done with it I'm done with the
stuff it's stupid what do we do what do
we do
it's your back I'm not putting it back
in so here it is let's just do it
tomorrow
go get the kosher salt and stuff do you
believe in it this much done but you're
going to put it in a burlap sack
whenever your arm so what happens when I
get close to a Ouija board oh come on
come on Doug it's not are you gonna spin
this thing like I had to do earlier how
did you spin it around as they ripped it
around my head ten times it was chanting
Doug takes this really serious
hey you're not yes but what are you so
upset about dude y'all get stuff at home
to get there no be honest I don't
believe in this stuff enough to like go
to the store go back what does that mean
you're having the back problem since you
messed with the Ouija board I swung it
over my Harris yeah my printer of my
head earlier and it didn't help much
probably didn't do it right
well I spun it over my head and I said
evil spirits go away what else am I
supposed to do evil spirits go away evil
spirits no way evil spirits go away evil
spirits go already
don't touch it leave it right there
until you get the sage and because
you're so you gotta be kidding me
in a box to bear it in you get a what a
coffin jug duck seriously you have to
put the salt in the coffin well um
seriously salt in a coffin now dude your
dad leaves oh wait hold on
was I supposed to sling it on the floor
like that yes I did not do that or your
spitter so what all do we need like
kosher salt pepper kosher salt you mean
white sage what are you doing Ouija
board like burnt pieces are everywhere
is that the Tao of my blood on it I know
the calorie out some what so what's the
problem what did I do wrong now you
touched the Ouija board with my blood
there's no way that's taking in this
series what - come on what it'll be easy
for nothing to mess with
it's just like some elaborate prank so
just get rid of this Ouija board fire it
are ya okay
Oh curse on you done did you know I did
it okay I'm just tired I'm sorry Doug
I'm sorry
how long we gonna do this I'm ready for
it to end I'm ready for my kidney stone
to dissolve I'm ready for all this is
just stop me too
but Michael your kidneys don't stop okay
what else could it possibly be you what
hope so
okay okay I'll drink more water okay
good well let's bury the Ouija board
just in case okay I agree that would be
crazy
now what well I don't coffin for the
Ouija board your dad's not even like
moving
he doesn't feel right thanks to you
admit what
listen come on it's common sense Ouija
board implied up blood is for
sacrificing stop it stop it
you good
come on what are you doing he's leaping
obviously why are you laughing what are
you doing
you've gotta be kidding me oh come on I
feel like that's not a good idea
do you feel better
bloody port didn't burn what what don't
say that right it didn't what do we do
here's put it on a stick okay let's burn
it dude
okay Bridget I don't hear anybody say I
told you so what dude get that away from
me
what is this
that's gotta burn it right oh my god
okay what is in that why you're not
burning there's no like fireworks let
that word from do use in here no just my
bloody rag evil spirits go away evil
spirits go away that evil spirit it's an
ice bag with water in it holy water with
diet cokes that's melted ice it's holy
water really no it's not blessed well by
you yes you plus all your water don't
you can we explain what happened to that
rag just tell us what we get well we
gotta get I told you can you help us
with the coffin yeah so we get sage
kosher salt and you'll get the coffin go
new pawn pointers untreated pine planks
are you gonna get that yeah are we gonna
go this far with this we have to explain
that leftover fireworks from New Year's
go come on here Doug is that not a
possibility that his leftover fireworks
it's not a possibility then what no okay
then it was a spirit manifesting in
front of baby why would fireworks do
that virus go boom not
explain that I don't I am something so
you know how fireworks work yeah
