so I'm sitting in the van with dad and
he's still mad at me can't believe you
did this to me a black every about
teleporting in the it's not first of all
how can I put this to people
I made grandpa think that he was married
all week long
- mom yeah you've made this thing drag
up a fucking week I had mom's lawyer
send a letter whose lawyer it was Isaac
you're gonna go talk to Isaac so I had
my friend eyes that calls the lawyer and
he got a letter from the lawyer in the
mail and the letter said to the extent
of you're still married and you gotta
pay alimony and shit like that so that's
what happened let me show you a preview
she does not have the right to come back
into my house if I don't want her here
good look at the leads my names on it
not hers my names on it and what does
that mean it means I'm part of your body
you turn against me on this boy and you
and I will never fucking ever speak
again I'm judging you better you would
think I let her back in this house you
and I through fabric I don't ever want
to see you again
we're done you ain't never gonna be my
first son again yeah how would you get
out and mom comes staying here Pilger
holding yours guy on the lease so if I
need Buster Peter win you bad boy thank
you I will get you you you've got
nothing I will get you know you've had
it I have nope I won't have no pity on
your ass now look for the video tomorrow
grandpa still married Frank wedding Jeb
puts another rice at you fuck you
I thought the rice at you fuck you
you look good
you look good now maybe get all dressed
up enough you look good though
