we don't put it on bro man
hold on I want to back up my program it
will be I like to go home I want to go
for and then someone decided we can
please put it back on there for me give
me a second
oh you need this cuz you gettin TV turn
it and there it turned out I have to do
what you say no just try to be quiet and
somebody has got to be held responsible
for that we're also gonna watch Fox News
I get that
stated what thought you were saying
would you MIDI I changed it to HD
healers dinner she can't do that
she did it anyway and she's got to be
called back she can't does are I miss ah
there's so many just missing links here
me leave is gonna dolly we got him I
know she done like that what it going it
HD HD high-definition locals you see I
knew I was too full or wouldn't get a
high hold on I went back on the god it
will be citizens because of what they
think what they say what are you doing
in a higher you jump DD off about that
is your look grandpa's got a cherry boat
okay just take the big get about I got
things to do
oh
get out ah the smoke one duel
