what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here and my birthday is tomorrow
by the way don't wait tell me how
birthday today dad so you know yesterday
I spend the day with dad all day and I
showed him this damn freaking candy
crush game or some shit on Facebook and
I was gonna upload that video today and
I guess he gave me another video to have
uploaded so he took my wrestlers this is
the remnants of what I have now you guys
say Oh grow up all this should I get it
I know those are toys still got those
get the ring
I know it's toys I don't think there's
anything wrong with having an
imagination you know it's I just you
know there's so much shit that happens I
don't know I don't care anymore it's
fine I guess it was just payback for the
hit and run video I don't have them back
it's been a few hours I don't have them
back so I guess I'm not getting them
back he really did take them to Goodwill
or the dumpster so it's cool it's fine
that's that I guess he take me took my
shit that's my birthday gift from dad
this year is him taking my stuff so
that's fine it didn't bother me it's
fine how about that I don't care that's
my little area go ahead and unplug it
ah fuck tiny just plugged in for one
alright screw it
that's how it is you took my shit fuck
it I don't care but that means I'm gonna
have to get you back and I'm going to
obviously and Bridget - I've got a prank
car back and I'm pretty sure she heard
that you're getting pranked back yes you
are I don't need good luck we'll see
about that
so you'll get pranked back both of you
and that's it
two friends coming take my shit I gotta
go
