what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here and I shaved and I make
myself a couple of times because I'm an
idiot but anyway I just wanted to tell a
story about the time I went to a double
w/e pay-per-view it was December 3rd
2006 and it was ECW December to
dismember and just getting it out of the
way early it was a horrible horrible
pay-per-view
it was just unwatchable bad and so the
story is about the trip there and the
trip on the way back to December to
dismember so I had three tickets so I
called my friend Justin up and I go you
know yo Justin I got three tickets to
the ECW pay-per-view tomorrow night in
Georgia you know do you want to go oh
fuck yeah dude hell yeah that's a fuck
you okay okay show ya Miguel yeah so I
got three tickets just show it tomorrow
so tomorrow comes I get a knock on the
door open it up and there's Justin it's
got the car out in front of the driveway
like alright see you pop go into the ECW
pay-per-view I get to the car and it's
filled with people there's three people
in the back seat a person driving and
Justin for the front seat and I said go
Justin I've got three tickets there's
three people in the back seat alone you
know what about the other three what are
they gonna do you know I don't have
tickets for them oh yeah don't worry
about it dude oh do about it don't get
in some way so okay do but you know I've
only got three tickets now first of all
you could not have seen a more odd man
out kind of story you got a car full of
punks you know punk rockers you got this
one guy with a mohawk it's you know up
to here and so when he's driving down
the street he's driving like this just
so his mohawk doesn't touch the roof you
got the other guy in the backseat with
this leather jacket and like a mullet
and there's another guy who's very
forgettable you have Justin and the
other chick and the Here I am with a
sideways hat freaking hoodie
jeans and these white Nikes and they
could not have been more supposed who
dafuq is he now naturally I got shoved
in the backseat so on the way to
Columbia which is where we stopped at
first Here I am shit
well I got the guy next to me tilting
his head going down the street and you
got the other guy next to me sprawled
out in the seat yeah I got all this room
and I doesn't have anywhere to sit and
we're listening to music it's going fine
then the car stops in Columbia yo we're
gonna have to spare change it what is
what does that mean you'll see get out
there and ask to change so all of them
get out of the car and they start going
up to strangers in this parking lot at a
gas station no you got 56 pair you're a
dollar nobody had any money eventually I
took the money out of my own pocket and
gave it to him for gas because we got to
get there I just naturally assumed
because I'm giving you you know a two
free $50 tickets that you know gas is on
you but it wasn't I paid for the gas we
get to Georgia we get to Georgia and
it's like a big relief because every
muscle in my body was aching I was like
thank God we're getting out of here we
get out and the first thing that happens
is the WWE calm people come out who
wants to talk to Debbie to be calm about
the Elimination Chamber match which if
you're not familiar with wrestling the
Elimination Chamber is this structure
where people come in rent it so Google
the Elimination Chamber it's harder to
explain than you would think so they
came up to us and I was one of the ones
selected so I'm on wwe.com regarding the
extreme Elimination Chamber
so if you want to see what I had to say
click below also you can see one of the
guys that was in the car with me his
name was Ryan Simmons he's on the link
he's on the link also so that's one of
the other guys I was in the car with us
so we're waiting for the wrestlers to
come up and here comes Elijah
and oh it's so exciting to meet Elijah
of course my dumb ass the first thing
that I say when Elijah Burke comes up is
we want ride the truth killings and he
looks directly at me looks me up and
down he goes who the fuck are you Andy
Milonakis everyone started laughing at
me I was like oh I was embarrassed the
people that drove with me really gay
Andy Milonakis
I was called Andy Milonakis for the rest
of the car ride you know while we're
waiting to go inside it was ridiculous
Thank You Elijah Perth wherever you are
cuz I don't think you wrestle anymore on
the way in the building we're finally
about to go inside and we see the crying
wrestling fan Dave Williams I think his
name is I can't remember his name but
there he is but if you remember the
crying wrestling fan he's the guy it's
still real to be different I don't want
to sit that guy met him took my picture
with the motherfucker so it's come time
to go inside and I'm like Justin I don't
know how these guys are gonna get into
it I only got three tickets don't worry
about them don't worry about the like
I'm kind of worried about them cuz you
know I don't know what's gonna happen
here lo and behold I guess the tickets
were so much available that you know
they didn't sell any that they just said
oh yeah here you go here's some free
ticket they just walked in their seats
were better than mine so we go in and we
watch one of the worst paper views of
all time ECW December to dismember
December 3rd 2006 will go down as one of
the worst pay-per-views in existence and
unbearable it was unbearable so the show
wins it's time to leave and we all meet
up together and right in front of the
James Brown Arena and there was a bunch
of more other like Punk's out I guess
they all knew each other and they were
all just sitting there talking for about
15 20 minutes then all of a sudden these
three rednecks come up and they're like
yeah what a fuck who washed a five oh
shit next thing I know push comes to
shove and all of the punk rockers are
fighting these three red X there was
about 10
or eleven of these punk rockers and
these rednecks just comply through him
it was only three of them and they're
just knocking mother fuckers out cold
now I know was my people that I came
with but they my motherfucking friends
they say my battle I backed up I was
like I didn't look like I belong with
him anyway
so it's gone oh shit Oh anymore not as
long we should have is your eye so they
got their asses beat
oddly enough the video of that happening
is on YouTube so you can check it out
you can check it out right here this
little thing right here click that and
go check out the fuckin little fight so
anyway it was a horrible pay-per-view it
was a horrible trip but it's a lot of
fun talking about it on a side note if
any of my wrestling fans or just anybody
watching this lives in the Colorado area
go check out assylum Championship
Wrestling June 22nd is in Colorado
you're gonna have gold dust go dust it's
gonna have him got one of my friends
who's going to be involved in the show
so if you live in the Colorado area
check it out it's gonna have a dog
collar matches gonna have a hardcore
match if I was in there you know if I
live close she goes I would go see it
but I'm not going to be but if you guys
are in the area go check out assylum
Championship Wrestling June 22nd you can
check the link you can check in the
links below so you can see about asylum
Championship Wrestling check in the
links below so you can see the wwe.com
article where I'm talking about CM Punk
and all that kind of shit and check on
the link below so you can see the fight
in the fucking parking lot agenda so
anyway that's it like subscribe favorite
check out Asylum Championship Wrestling
at least check the link out below see
what you think about it and that's it
