so I've gotten a lot of people a lot of
people writing me asking me what do I
think about the Xbox one first of all
the title sucks Xbox one why I don't
when you're on the third Xbox why are
you calling it Xbox one I guess I
understand that everything is one or
something but that's really stupid the
Xbox one now I'm not as harsh a critic
of the Xbox one as most of the people
I've seen on Facebook a lot of you have
gone crazy when oh the Xbox one has been
a big disappointment and I don't
understand how because oh okay here's
the first complaint I'm hearing the most
about people are saying if I want to
watch TV I'll just watch TV fucking
watch TV fucking who cares you don't
have to but the ability to do it is
there if you want it now I could
understand if you had to pay extra to
watch the TV
but the TV feature is built into your
xbox so why not take advantage of
something if it's available to you the
ps3 doesn't have it you're gonna be able
to play the same games on the Xbox that
you can play on the ps3 - the exclusives
now of course each systems gonna have
their exclusives but - the exclusives
it's the same games with the same
graphics so what's matt was wrong with
having live TV built in it what's wrong
with having picture-in-picture built in
- so you can surf the Internet and watch
a movie at the same time who cares if
you don't want to do it but you can do
it and that's what my mind can't compute
about some of these people who are
bitching because Oh Luke cares about
live TV some people might some people
like having that ability to have live TV
without changing inputs on their
television set
you've now have it built into your xbox
so you don't have to change inputs
anymore and the ps3 don't have that
while it's still playing the same games
so that's my biggest problem about the
argument of Xbox one versus ps4 because
you've got a lot of people Oh
drop the ball I'm buying the ps4 because
I don't want to surf live TV why is that
changing whether you would buy the
system or not you're playing the same
games I could understand a few oh I got
to play The Last of Us
the next problem everybody had was the
fact that the Xbox one is in
backwards-compatible which means you can
play xbox 360 games on the Xbox one so
everybody's going oh I'm getting a ps4
because it is well ps4 isn't backwards
compatible either you can't play the ps3
games on the ps4 so I don't know why
you're saying that the ps4 is your new
toys because Xbox 360 games can't play
on the Xbox one when it's the same shit
through an equal ground with that both
of them are not backwards compatible so
you're fucked either way it sucks
I want to be able to play my xbox 360
games on the Xbox one as well as much as
you guys do but neither system can do it
so I don't know what the bitching about
that is we also learned that regarding
used games and I don't know if this is
an Xbox one only thing or if it's also
ps4 I don't know if it's exclusive to
Xbox one or not but if you get a used
game you have to pan unlock fee to do it
now this spells really bad things for
companies like Game Stop who rely on
these use games and cheap prices if you
can.pit you know buy a used game for $30
and then have to pay you know another
$20 for the unlock fee you might as well
just go buy a new game in the first
place so this spells bad things for
companies like Game Stop then I don't
like it because Microsoft still needs
companies like Game Stop because that's
where a lot of their game sells come
from in the first place so that's a bad
move that's a that's a shitty move it's
a way to get money when they're already
making a lot of it that shitty I hope I
hope that it that it's not Xbox
exclusive because I don't want the ps4
or fanboys to be that's the problem but
as far as you know all the you know pros
and cons of it they're kind of on equal
grounds here neither one are backwards
compatible the biggest you know plus for
it is Xbox one has live TV it has a
brand new Kinect with like instant
response and the ps4 doesn't have any of
this stuff so when you're thinking about
making your purchase at least with the
information we have now I don't see how
Xbox one is it the clear winner that
doesn't compute with me yet because the
games are the same the system's look the
same they don't look the same but the
games look the same when you're playing
them they're both fast they're both
graphically going to be awesome so if
you have a system that looks the same
plays the same feels the same but offers
you more how is it that the winner my
money goes to the Xbox one for now we'll
see at e3 when we find out what the
launching titles are and other logistics
to the system but for now my money is on
Xbox one
