what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here and today I want to talk to
you about a band called System of a Down
which for those of you who don't know
System of a Down there's been my
favorite band since I don't even know
how many years I believe my cousin
Jessica got me into them around 2000
something like that through Napster she
was listening to snowblind on her
Napster account and this is before
toxicity came out and and I fell in love
they've been my favorite band ever since
and so today I logged into Facebook and
I see a posting from cheveux audition
now I don't know if that's how you
pronounce his last name he's the bass
player per System of a Down and it's a
shame that I listened to it for so long
and I don't know how to pronounce his
last name however shavo jumped on
Facebook today and said no dis to Serge
if he wants to be in the band then he's
welcome but if he's not what do you
expect us to be - do we really want
another system record wish Serge was
down but it is not that I'm gonna go
ahead and make a System of a Down record
without him I'm furious that he let us
down like this but we got to do
something to keep this band alive agreed
no not agreed because without Serge you
have scars on broadway featuring shay-bo
audition are you serious you don't have
a band if you don't have Serge now you
know and of course it's like wise you
don't have a band without Darren you
don't have a band without John and
unfortunately you don't have a band
without shay-bo it's one of those things
where all the elements have to be right
and then when we get another record it's
gonna be a really good record but if you
rush something or it comes before then
you're gonna have a piece of shit and he
goes on to say oh we can get us a new
singer what the fuck one who's gonna
replace urge and System of a Down are
you serious right now when I listen to a
system of a down record I wanted to
listen to this hey where you on the side
of
when the car hey we're you an on site a
freeway in the car
Saida freeway and uh hey mr. Jack okay
maybe that's not what I had in mind but
the solution isn't a new singer to the
band
the solution is figure out why surge
doesn't want to make a new CD with
system of a noun
if that's the case then maybe there's a
bigger reason that we're not aware of
why surge doesn't want to do it in the
first place maybe he doesn't like you
maybe he doesn't like Darrin maybe he
doesn't like John maybe there's just
something that we're not seeing that
needs to be fixed before system of it
now can get back into that studio and
make more music I think instead of
getting on Facebook and bitching about
it you should probably just go with the
flow figure out what's wrong fix it then
put out a new CD when everybody's okay
with it instead of trying to scare him
or whatever it was you were trying to do
there oh we're gonna make a new CD
without you because without Serge you
don't have System of a Down
you have scars on Broadway and that's
about the most I can say you have scars
on Broadway which isn't system you need
surges boys you need down on the guitar
you need you on that bass and you need
John playing the drums and that's how it
has to be and that's when system of a
down can get back together and really I
want a new CD as much as everybody else
it's my favorite band but I don't want
to new what if it doesn't have surge in
it I don't want to listen to that album
I don't know what that album would be
because it ain't System of a Down
