what's going on you guys can't be on
camera here and I just wanted to talk
about the office finale that comes on
tonight and you know the office mind you
the later episodes weren't really as
good as the early episodes but the
office is a show that I really connected
with over the years because you know
once Arrested Development went off there
I needed something so the office was
that show that really watched the first
like five seasons of the opposite really
really a good show and tonight is the
finale
Jesus hey you ever clean what are you
doing
ichael or could you after you ever clean
no not right now
Jesus Christ man please live better than
you do shut up Bridget sleeping no shit
the fuckin trunk or video he's what
recording scene you're recording a video
goddamn me you're you're you know come
here Mike you know you ever heard of a
trash can in a bag
okay I don't need this right now good
how was that last night don't look it
are you doing I'm leaving good riddance
I don't know what you hear no way I'm
touching shit
so I can take a shit in your now you
really well me saying with father I can
take a shit in your bathroom and you
can't get out of me welcome like oh you
bad you suck my dick okay
are you back now there's somebody come
you better clean this motherfucker are
you surgeon leaving now seriously I
can't stay
you take Madeline's I could teach a snob
detail you know we're held up when she's
in clothes last last week
god you're fucking nasty this is getting
ridiculous I see you I want you out of
here I'm gone bitch just like you
goddamn mama NASA's about
