what's going on you guys keep me on the
camera here let me start off by saying
thank you to everybody that submitted
questions to the asking around pop video
we couldn't answer them all
I didn't even accept them all as video
responses I eventually once we recorded
the video there are more coming in and
but we will do another one so when that
happens I'm gonna ask you to send some
more questions and I think this Saturday
we're gonna do a live stream on the
anchor grandpa's show channel I don't
have a time yet I gotta talk to Grandpa
boy usually me no I'm just deciding you
know I'll be over there Saturday so I'll
do a live stream while I'm there and if
your question didn't get answered I
apologize we just rant you know for the
video it was running a you know 120
minutes and I do have a couple of more
questions that he didn't answer and I'm
gonna post them right now you know maybe
your videos in that there was only a
couple though that I didn't add
initially so anyway let's take a look at
a couple of the unanswered questions
well they were answered just the
uncertainty way I don't know I was I
added at this video last night like
three in the it took me hours it was a
while that's a lot of hard work that
video was but anyway here's some extra
questions
in the first place why are you doing
like a hood rat you like you like I like
a gangsta and how old are you
but answer your questions the words
video words pride neither part of me was
the goddamn firecrackers in the fucking
bed
I've still got burn marks on my ass
where they exploded on so that was the
words right I've been done to me oh he
angry I want to know what your thoughts
are on the Hunger Games Movies and are
you gonna see the next one next up ever
thanks Peace Love joy hutch I'm not
gonna what they're gonna are you gonna
watch the new Hunger Games movie who's
Hunger Games it's The Hunger Games is a
movie what I guess there's no answer
you're not going to I know I'm not gonna
watch it you have no opinion I don't
know if they don't know what you're
talking about so thank you self AGP I
just want to ask you a questionnaire
what's the nest just think that
pickleboy has ever done I know he's a
nasty fucker but yeah he must have done
something really fucked up well my name
is Arvid
I'm from Sweden eating ice cream bah why
is he talking I've got named Kenneth
ball
Jim's a hit look like it Bobby you enjoy
a tennis ball and suck it on ice cream
he says in Sweden though he didn't sound
Swedish but that happens with your sound
yaaaaah what about this question what
was the question
small what's the nastiest thing I've
ever done
so when I can't think of one oh no I
don't know he's fuckin nasty all the
time
look at Nick guy that Billy Hill rings
bath right now good buy me a sad sack in
the fucking army thank you too crunchy
man so there you go like subscribe
favorite we're definitely gonna do that
again we're gonna get your you know more
questions cuz you know as much work as
it was to edit it was a lot of fun doing
it because I like when grandpa was able
to interact and you know it seemed it
was it was fun I'm glad we were able to
answer some of the questions I wish we
were able to answer some more but you
know 20 minutes and hours of editing
later I had you know crash so that's
what I ended up with but we got more and
we're gonna do it again without the live
streaming coming up this Saturday and
we'll be answering questions there as
they come in and anyway like subscribe
favorite all that see ya did I say right
yeah like and subscribe
