you like it yeah is it the best I'm
afraid that you ever had I mean you've
had some nasty alfredo in your life
especially last Thanksgiving so yeah
that Thanksgiving it was weird good well
guess what
what's going on you guys keep me out of
camera here it's us here right there and
today is come on
you can do it it's Monday Monday I'm so
proud of you guys
today you guys I'm not gonna lie really
could you have just as easily said
Wednesday oh yeah today is today is
Monday and number one if you didn't see
the vlog we uploaded yesterday we went
to Grandpa's house and we search for
that Ouija board and guys if you haven't
seen that video check it out the link is
below
went to Grandpa's house and today we're
going back will go mad at grandpa's
folks I'm cooking him dinner guys
Bridget is cooking grandpa dinner now
here's one thing you need to prepare for
um you won't like it I already know
about it so why don't we not tell you
make it into a treat
kind of like a prank guys kind of like
the country-western burger dad has a
tendency to not like our food if he
knows we make it it's alright
I made them the best meatballs ever one
time yeah
Mike you liar totally apprising
I gotta be the only cook you can't cook
only me so dad is gonna try bridges
cooking and we're not gonna tell him
Bridget made its left three tries it
however what if he's like don't it good
thing did you get this out Tess oh my
god whoever may just can't cook that
might happen guys today is Monday
today's bridge today okay I can't talk
today it's Monday today bridge is
cooking for grandpa dad you better like
it we're getting dressed to go on to
grandpa's house in just a second you
guys but first I wanted to take a real
quick minute to talk to you guys you
know haven't done that in a little bit
haven't just like taking the camera and
talk to you right so I wanted to take a
minute and do that number one so I could
say thank you guys
is so much for all the support that
you've shown us you know it's been a
crazy year for us
you know dad got cancer and then the
cirrhosis and the whole time we've been
you know trying to make videos and try
to entertain you guys and be
entertaining with all this stuff
happening and a lot of you guys have
still stuck with us and for that you
know I love you guys so much you mean
everything to the entire family
you know yeah this is ridiculous
Bridgette is outside you guys wasn't
Felix was it any of the other dogs
Bridgette yeah she's outside with the
phone great exactly I wanted to start
this moment hop anyway guys thank you so
much for all of you that have been
supporting us and showing us love and
leaving the positive comments of course
you got people you know clicking the
dislike button so they can get attention
or leaving hateful comments guys you
know even if your doing that I
appreciate you anyways you know either
way I appreciate the hate to you guys
thank you so much we're going over to
Grandma's house in just a second I gotta
be honest I don't know if dad's even
gonna be in the vlog today he has not
slept and a few days and he's not
feeling good he's a lot you know don't
get me wrong he is a lot better than he
was last week and he's a lot better than
he was on July 4th when he had to go to
the hospital but for some reason he
can't sleep and that is making him
exhausted that was the most obvious
thing I've ever said right he has asleep
and that's made him exhausted
Oh grandpa's just not sleeping he's not
feeling well so I don't know if he's
gonna be in the blog but if he is
grandpa you're gonna eat Bridget's
cooking and you're not gonna want to
admit it but you're gonna love it let's
go to grandpa's
we just got the grandpa's house you guys
and right now it is time for us to do a
little bit cooking we are making our
Fredo chicken alfredo for the whole
family they've never had bridges cooking
before so this could either be like
delicious or disgusting you know the
double D's guys it's either gonna be
delicious or it's either gonna be
disgusting right now let's do some
cooking okay first we'll start up a
little bit of strip chicken and we're
gonna saute this up first friend a
little bit of pepper a little bit of
salt and some granulated garlic but
chicken is about halfway done so you
guys I'm adding some sweet peas directly
to the chicken usually people get lost
here like sweet big boy
just trust me then you just mix well
which not like that like that
bridget is making the alfredo sauce
right now and this is heavy cream butter
garlic salt pepper what and love and
lots of love guys lots and lots of love
this is looking delicious here are the
chicken and peas guys over oh no oh my
Peas burn to the taste it taste this yes
let's taste it fingers crossed this
bridge is a little war because last time
she made this the garlic was burned and
it wasn't ruined so good that burned
it's delicious
mmm you try it do you like Alfredo
mm-hmm
you sure you like up right up this is
what we're making yes what the oh my god
that's just boom we ate off okay
that's homemade alfredo do you ever have
huh me yes you jar right dudes rein in
the noodles oh yeah oh yeah all right
now we're adding our chicken and sweet
peas the noodles couldn't give that a
good mix so as is it's delicious
yeah however we still need to add the
piece they resist on the sauce oh yeah
here we go you ready Bridget oh I'm
ready for this all right folks now we're
gonna stir this around it's gonna be
very soupy right now because we're going
to let it soak see the noodles are very
starchy and the starch and the noodles
are washing off in the sauce right now
and it's gonna make it like yeah it's
gonna make a little thicker yeah it's
not thick enough hmm
so there it is folks Alfredo oh man that
excited real Alfredo we've had many
Alfredo's made for us
most hummus crap yeah one time somebody
made out Fredo for us dude and the
chicken was like a month old
tastes like they dug it out it's like a
garbage pit yeah we were like lost
delicious like it was horrible yeah here
we are making real Alfredo bugs simple
very simple recipe there it is
cinco an amazing coverage yes
we'll be back thank that oh yes very
good what are you doing
no you're using your shirt there's a
table right there
all right J you would have burned your
hands okay you've got Fred Jake I'm
gonna take a taste
yeah close this first I can give you a
taste of it all right dinner was ready
but wait I need a spoon hold on is it
good yeah
do you like Alfredo hmm what do you
think good guys here it is Alfredo is
done let's get some plates going let's
cook one Frankie ah all right you guys
starting off with a plate for dad he
didn't want a whole lot you need some
chicken doesn't oh yeah definitely isn't
it kind of messed up their chicken and
some peas good-looking funny I hope he
likes it
what if he hates it it's a pride thing
then best Alfredo I've ever had okay
folks this she's angry grandpas all
right dad Bon Appetit Alfredo there we
go we're gonna pause first bite of
alfredo and a noodle I'm covered the
lens well he pulls out of his mouth
thank you
good you like it yeah is it the best I'm
afraid that you ever had I mean you've
had some nasty Alfredo in your life
especially the last Thanksgiving so
Thanksgiving it was weird that's good
well guess what well I'll let you
swallow first I'll be right back you
guys so is it good but better I read
well guess what man what Bridget baby
she's disgusted you
you can't just say that after you
already said it's the best you ever had
now you need to eat and go to bed you
guys dad has not slept in two days can't
eat this okay yeah huh can't turn it
down this is seriously really good food
you guys you got to get some sleep
seriously I know what you eat something
how long huh how long does a minute you
slept two days that's horrible
hey J was it that good what do you think
Jimmy oh man Wow oh it's all over you
would eat on your hands
what are you positive things these are
more like a possum what are you guys
we're gonna eat our dinner there you go
grandpa ate Bridget's alfredo and it is
delicious and good Loren's turn sushi
banks oh I hope she likes that be honest
does she like Alfredo that's a question
well I think if I made a play-doh
well it stomped all over Luke juice
melanin stuff I can't help that is
delicious
all right Jenna your turn Ginny might
not like it because there's not a Raghu
logo on the bottom are you serious yes
who doesn't like oh my god what'd you
put in it you're just back as you can't
cook we're in serious what'd you put in
a plate it's just a friend oh Jenny
you're sitting there laughing right now
okay we saw you smiling if you're gonna
turn a prank guys you got to not do that
well three for three everybody Bridget
can cook alfredo again I didn't think
Dad would ever admit that hella because
you always talk about both of us
Bridget mostly so it's good
mm-hmm all right so many Coda's loans
alright it's Johnny's turn see what you
think of it you know your goodness
jewelry yeah there's the best that's the
best I've ever ate
Jennifer was like I don't know I'm so
used to what I know
ragu but Jenny you pay five dollars for
a jar I do this sauce was like 350 okay
it's very cheap you got Parmesan cheese
heavy cream butter that's it and it
tastes better than right gu way better
than right good why are you eating it
with your hands I'm too good I just
can't hear ya look at him show me how
the piggies eat it's really like it okay
are you doing an impression or is this
real
okay guys it'll be back
where are we home right now you guys I
was gonna stay longer but I feel like
I'm a kidney stone or something I've had
it all day is really painful don't drink
sodas J horrible guys I have a kidney
stone I don't know for sure
okay I thought it earlier it's really
painful but so my it's right here Wow
thought it was gas we got guys it's not
it's back we're going home
hey Michael who's checking on ya
that's painful dog is this Clyde hey hmm
he's worried about you painful I think
it's a kidney stone
Wow dude you know I think we should go
to the hospital and then we should find
the Ouija war okay I agree this Ouija
board has done nothing but a horrible
stuff mouth give me a kidney stone
Michael you're not gonna blame the board
because you don't drink water with me
he's like no you can't be sick I won't
let you guys this morning I was in
severe pain and then it went away and
then I went over to Dad's house and
after dinner I came back yeah he was in
a bar crying clothes Oh kidding well
that's gonna be out for today
Wyatt we're checking the pool house then
why don't you get in position when we do
to the outro what is this I don't want
to check the pool house I did yesterday
there's nothing there Michael you didn't
check it good enough
bronto burts nothing the boss now I know
no I don't feel good
can we just do it tomorrow no okay
that's not it for today you know no I
mean can I please I can't even talk we
got to do this now guys I was doing the
outro apparently we're not doing it yet
it's too soon okay
let's go to the pool house alright here
we go you guys
Oh guys we were looking and our dogs
just looking outside Oh Bell was just
like get out of my face okay the cute
moments over
do you like a perfect night it's raining
key go any faster because this camera
cannot get all right I'm severe hey I've
got abdomen pain I might have a kidney
stone
and I got a boot faster for you
obviously just run over and start
without me and you want to come anyway I
was kidding okay the light better not be
on it was on yesterday I turned it off
last time we're gonna come into this
pool house for this reason deal okay
