what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here bridgett wes is over there
and we are fixing to go to Walgreens to
get the squirtle ice cream from Penn
Jillette who will hopefully win this
season's Celebrity Apprentice all-stars
he's playing for opportunity village
which is a Las Vegas based organization
that provides service to people with
intellectual disabilities and gifts as
he explained it wash what washing the
dish to us to them is like neuroscience
to us it helps these kind of people
really it gives them purpose and they
work with them and it's it's seriously
good cause and Penn Jillette is a
seriously awesome guy he's we share a
lot of the same beliefs which I don't
like to bring up publicly but you know
we share a lot of the same views and
beliefs and so I'm really ruined for
Penn Jillette and right now we are on
our way to Walgreens to get us some of
that fucking swert Oh
these are the flame arms I see a lot of
pendulums
I don't see any trace of traces right
there hen is right here
just got back from Walgreens with my
swirl but you give me a spoon we just
got back
squirtle which I'm back that's Penn
Jillette's face so swirled oh I'm about
to eat some Bridget Bridget be a spoon
so let's get a shot inside the squirtle
Bridget has eaten some of the swirl I
ate some of the squirtle in the car
I used a credit card have the fuckin
spoon so I'm going to eat swirl is rich
vanilla ice cream with a sea salt
chocolate swirl and fudge caramel
I need a soup spoon or I can't I can't
even already get you know the credit
card so opportunity let's plan for
opportunity village Thank You Bridget so
here we go squirtle I gotta rest my
elbow on the ice cream here to get some
out for the video
cage
brush your teeth so they won't hurt like
mine right now
mmm that's good
we just my teeth hurt we didn't just buy
one or your swirls Bridget may you grab
the other squirtles so we can shove them
to the camera please we didn't just get
one swirl pan you got our full support
we got photos we got four squirtles I
don't give a fuck the top boom wasn't
swirl okay it was trace adkins
we tried to hide it we can't do it I
didn't support you that much pin we got
three squirrels in a couple trays so
like subscribe favorite and seriously
support opportunity village you can
check us some of that information below
where you can just check out what
they're all about like them on Facebook
go get you some of this squirtle ice
cream and oh good good luck Ben I'm back
I thought the blog was over but it ain't
see on the episode of all-star Celebrity
Apprentice Penn Jillette designed this
ice cream magic squirtle were at the
bottom of the container would be printed
poof it's gone
well pooped it wasn't fucking there it
ain't there and that my friends is
bullshit and it's telling Penn Jillette
that my friends is bullshit I can't do
it
bullshit bullshit Trace Adkins says
bullshit
I can't do it I'm sorry I can't do it
Penn Jillette impression but that my
friends is bullshit
