what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and I want to start this off
by saying that the new season of
Arrested Development starts May 26th
exclusively on Netflix and if you don't
know what Arrested Development is I
advise you to look it up
download it get Netflix watch all the
episodes get your little Bluetooth on
going on your little banana thong have
that happening for you catch up on a
rest of the velopment and then watch
this you find the link down below is the
trailer for season four of Arrested
Development it just came out and I'm
gonna watch it right now here we go with
some stairs
so there you have it it's the new season
of Arrested Development and it starts
May 26 take the trailer out below watch
Arrested Development if you've never
seen it like and subscribe
