that's right all right yeah you were
paid for keep me on the camera here or
how about that goddamned radar you and
you will spit in it I did not spit in it
you spit it just now I asked dad a
backwash island by the bugger I asked
dad if I could have a sip of drink he
got a fucking drink the guy told you no
you said yes you handed me off um you
took out the cap and everything I wanted
you to bring it down for me yeah I'm
sure I'm you learning for the guy in
back walks all kind of snot so I asked
and he just turns to motherfucker out
the window cuz he said I spit in the
shit is better I did not so damn well
you do you spit him I got him right it
didn't even touch my lips i hovered it
over my mouth ah well we almost went
over that just now
because of dad I believe again you are
not judged by goddamned grain what would
happen
we will die probably your winter here
for a second
probably the film bang over a drink my
fucking drink something gases should I
buy you another one I stopped it shit
obtain your asshole
I thought we were going to go out and
have fun what we did do you do it do you
blow my goddamn drink plop backwash you
know son I was good yeah I was good to
you the best Chinese place ever ever
tasted
don't fuck with me like that it's $14 a
plate
you're not taking me home take you hold
there you mean go nigga you ain't go to
all bones what the fuck dude I did not
spit in your trainings been in my
fucking drink you got home are you
shitting me I am NOT shitting you you're
going home
next time I'm gonna spit my fucking
drink I won't get out the fucking bank
or take me too long i'm not going to all
balls what's the real problem here
a goddamned backwash of a drink I did
not you did please don't just buy you
another one
no no no no no no it's nothing you go
Warhawks I had the money to buy you
another one any for hey where're you
I guess air leave it come on man don't
take me home
turn your
done Leo's father Sunday which would be
a good little Thursday with dad we were
gonna go out have something to eat we
were gonna probably go to Dallas we're
gonna go to his first movie you need to
call somebody your dad just wrote of
your fucking dad boy that was gonna go
to his first movie in years I don't know
what we were gonna say no way you show
you
you shut up my dick go play away no
fucking way
no fight with best part of you if you
did ran down my leg and anybody rub it
won't even a warm fuzzy feeling so what
the hell is your problem
no problem what is it I don't have a
problem so then don't take me home
you're going home
well I didn't know response to this I
did not spit in his drink I did this is
how I get drunk from it i hovered it
with your a lard that's what I did we
could dung all in the shit I said are
you getting this
I got eyes you stuck your tongue all in
my goddamn drink then oh that good shit
vocal Tom Cole don't take me home home
and I hope you're hungry I am
