so I was thinking came up with an idea
because we get a lot of questions
somebody too many to really follow along
sometimes I had another idea for a
grandpa video a fan mailbag kind of
thing Belma video will you ask something
to Grandpa he'll watch it and answer
your question we think one that I'm
happy so I'll have them film a video
like okay you grab your camera hey
grandpa my name is Mike from Tennessee
and I was just wondering why you hate
cats so much I hate cats cuz imma lose
the most focus in point I'll show your
video on the side and grandpa we respond
to your video you can send what just
fucked me up and burping like crazy good
I'm gonna do it so record a question to
him and we'll answer it we're gonna
answer about I don't know it depends on
how long the questions are and you know
send some questions post it as a video
response to this I'll accept your video
responses I'll check out what your
asking grandpa they're gonna record it
on YouTube they're gonna record a video
of them asking you a question
how do you do that just like this hi
grandpa - pickle boy oh god you fucker
how the hell do you go from YouTube to
be looking at it here and answering how
then I'll show it they post it as a
response to my video this video we're
recording now a video response they know
how to do that you don't need to know
how what about we were doing you ask
question to yourself a question good
asking I don't do what I do goddamn
video okay grandpa has now secured one
of the spots for himself so one of the
questions will be answered by grandpa
but okay so post a question is a video
response I'll accept it I'll show
grandpa we'll put it in the video mom's
here
it looked like his car and people buy
don't you
you know car
we just had a scare we thought grandma
just popped up
maybe she's bringing her boyfriend
introduce himself so anyway one you know
him yeah how the department would ah
okay daddy would buy cheap well that
shit
now he's getting my leftovers ask a
question to Grandpa post it as a video
response I'll show it in the video
he'll answer the video and that's that's
all I got to say you already asked that
you have Alzheimer's you guys what to do
now I asked you no question but I don't
make sense it what can't we had to go
himself but they get it makes sense to
them who are they the fans the other the
young guns why are you going faint it's
not fans are younger because that's your
thing
no that's great a phosphate okay they
young in there your Brotherhood systems
biology I feel awkward as a 24 year old
man calling somebody young ins
hey yo goom's that's awkward just put in
your teeth yeah
