what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here and I'm actually really
pissed off because if you haven't seen
first of all this is a video for
wrestling fans if you're not a wrestling
fan just hit this like and go maybe
leave a combo how fat I look and I
shouldn't wear white whatever you got to
say go ahead and say it and leave and
let's leave the wrestling fans to watch
this if you don't know Bray Wyatt who I
think is the future of the WWE this guy
is so loaded with talent first of all
take a look at Bray Wyatt things like
right why well he's just down there
brainwashing folks
brainwashing well you got me on that one
I have brainwashing you all right now
I am washing your brains of all the
filth the TV and media horse in the old
mine since the day you were born
they also say things like stray wise
he's a psycho lunatic he's crazy don't
you follow bright white he's nothing
well I know another man you saw crazy a
young carpenter what am nowhere near him
I'm not a man at all
I'm the nagging conscience of a world
that has blown itself away to more
monsters I'm everywhere man and I and
everything in the town to the size man's
intelligence I know
I have arrived
or else
I don't think he watched me burn man now
last night at a WWE house show they had
Bray Wyatt wrestling and he was wearing
this I don't understand how you can
first of all put this fuck what kind of
is that like Cody Rhodes old mask what
the fuck is this shit going on in his
face and what's with the butcher's like
fucking whatever the fuck that oh I'm
gonna kill people you're fucking up Bray
Wyatt this is the most upset W he has
made me in many many fucking years that
counts as given the rock the title I'm
more pissed off about Bray Wyatt with a
possible gimmick change than I am about
the rock winning the title because Bray
Wyatt was going to be the future of the
fucking company Bray Wyatt
I'm pissed somebody send this to at debe
wera Wyatt ask him if this change is
going to be permanent if this mask he's
wearing and this butchers fucking robe
whatever the fuck that shit is the apron
if that's going to be part of his new
thing then explain to us how the fuck it
makes sense because it doesn't fit with
what the hell he's doing over an NXT WWE
their ideas are so antiquated they're so
useless now that they take somebody that
the fans are really grasping to and the
Indies where you can save the in these
it W en DS over an NXT that we love that
we're like all this guy has talent and
you start doing shit like this when you
start fucking with the character that's
the problem you can tell Bray Wyatt has
spent a long time building this
character only for the WWE to cut it the
fuck down I'm only waiting for another
couple of weeks when he debuts with
Kassius Ohno well cast well the thought
I don't like Chris hero anyway when he
debuts with Chris hero and they were
fucking the Amish twins the fucking
Amish brothers with their beards and
shit because WWE don't know what to do
with talent when they got it they fucked
up Bray Wyatt take off this fucking mask
let him control his own character
because that's when your talent was at
the height of what they could do when
the talent was able to make their own
decisions and change with a with a one
look at mcboyd that motherfucker was in
control of his gimmick from day one
stone called it these people there take
the fucking mask off Bray Wyatt
for God's sakes oh my fucking Bray Wyatt
without this new gimmick shits going on
is the future of the debe w/e and with
it on he's just another joke on the
roster
