what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here and today I'm going to show
you how to make a country-western burger
I'm just kidding it's actually a wild
cherry Diet Pepsi
so anyway country western but what's
going on with this lighting it's like
two lights anyway the first step is your
meat which is my typical meat which is
73 27 pan and this the country-western
burger we'll use an onion roll a burger
double burger lettuce barbecue sauce and
french fried onion now the French fried
onion I'm gonna start on first by
slicing up some onion super thin almost
like onion rings but thinner and soaking
them in buttermilk step 1 so the first
step for making my onions is soaking it
first I've already got a sliced and I
just pour buttermilk over it buttermilk
but but buttermilk as buttermilk and
it's all over it and I'm just gonna let
it sit in the refrigerator
Mike this for 30 minutes cien 30 ok here
we go I'm going to put some bacon on for
my Western burger I gotta say that like
a man with a brute man having a Western
burger now Western burgers my bacon
french fried onions and cheese and
barbecue sauce sounds good me count me
in
the new country-western thickburger only
eternities i just did an impromptu
Hardys commercial for a burger that does
not exist so we're going to cook our
bacon in a minute I'm gonna get my meat
ready it's going to be the same method
that I had in my other video I patty
it's super thin pop that motherfucker in
the freezer for a few minutes take it
out cook that month up up this will be
for our onion strings so flour okay once
we've added flour we will add salt
pepper
seasoning salt and onion powder you're
probably going onion powder or onion
strings shut up this is pickle boy's
kitchen not yours oh that's funny oh
well huh my god poor slices Oh seriously
I only had four slices now I'm a Conley
make one bacon burger
thanks to Bridget here we go
buttermilk onions get a little that
buttermilk on there drop it in your you
should be switching hands have one dry
hand one wet hand but I'm hold the
camera I'm not doing that
but that's recommended like her first
batch of onion straws go in microphone
them too much you don't want to really
mess with them when they first go in the
grease cuz all that flour will come
right off you're going to let them fry
and they're going to come out super
crispy check on our buns here boom those
are finished
as you can see I did my freezer method a
lot of people always ask me why do you
freeze it first it just really helps
expose I'll be putting these burgers in
just a minute and as I tell you you look
for a print on the other side of it
you'll see a dark brown crest on the
burger so check this one zip ahead boom
got it
a little bit of one these two I'm not
conflict yet soon they'll have the crisp
you got the crisper my mom you got the
flower these cook faster than beats so
surprised
happy birthday red here's a brand new
car you can have it some 1968 Delta the
shit won't even get me to the shelter
bridges digging in the garbage for shot
glasses
hey stop no digging that garbage put him
sorry the line he threw them away I
didn't think they were reusable yeah
they are okay no you're just gonna
you're just gonna dig cuz I'm filming
you had no problem digging in that trash
let's get it my onions grow
I got Bridget dig in the garbage next to
my burgers and onion straws let me give
them to my friend sing tomorrow we'll
probably Bridget is giving a gift to her
friend oh sure they wash them out we're
gonna have bench looking at please do it
I'm not doing it you're only pretending
to have a conscience about it cuz the
cameras filming you I've seen you eat
out the garbage before shit don't even
lie that really made her mad so I got my
way yeah anything I care or something as
well let's find out if I care buddy
digging out of the garbage Oh Michael
come on don't do that again
oh I don't know what that was good I
don't either
I'm not freed I don't care
hey Bella you believe a girl
we can't we just stop by tomorrow get
two more Jesse come on do that cool
they're a dollar apiece please hurry
okay I gotta fill me Oh garbage digger
oh my god there's good
what is garbage she's done it oh wow hey
sink with water that would clean that
off
I lost it again oh fuck this oh my god
I'm gonna assemble my burger and you're
really getting in the way of this
I'll move the garbage in my face what
you're talking how can I assemble a
burger when you won't shut up Oh tabatha
so you know you are getting a shot why's
dug out of the trash I hope you
appreciate it you don't want to go back
and buy another dollar side bus you
weren't worth it now then I'm gonna
assemble these burgers
we got burger right there we got french
fried onions put over the top
wait screwed up but the French wedding
is there
okay here we go
Oh
barbecue sauce
I might add a couple more french fried
onions first let me show you these snot
on your ring
now let's show this to the camera
country western burger Bridget show s
screaming you wanna come try it yeah I'm
try the country-western burger looks so
good how does thanks hey man oh my god
which then I'm not kidding with you I
will my please do to me no it's so good
oh fuck yeah I was good mmm-hmm
maybe more I want to suck your dick
anymore good and that's burger you've
ever made when I say trust us trust me
sometimes oh that's that yeah more
friend trying is making ah
Hey barbecue sauce burger onions Frank
but you use all be making him you're
making that smile for dinner master
country-western burger Eddie that's a
country-western burger let me shut this
thing off
well I say subscribe light and savor
what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here last night I showed you the
video of me making a country-western
burger well today I'm going to make
grandpa a country-western burger I'm
gonna put it in this little to-go box
and I'm gonna trick him into admitting
that my cooking is better than his
cooking by telling him I bought it at a
restaurant and he's a good book god dude
