keep me out of camera here and it's a
celebration I guess I'm so happy I could
shit ah nari got a boyfriend Nana Nana
and boy his name is sitting the tremens
Gerald there's a great day at Gerald's
that's a local joke if you don't get it
there's a local tire place called
Gerald's tires as a great gay haha take
my bitch and take it
keep it whatever I should go ha ha ha
house regardless the happiest day of my
fucking life wow I thought I was wait I
got was dreading telling you dread I
know you were gonna react I wish you to
told me that do but a year ago I found
out last night I only thing doh
what she got a man right yeah and you
got a woman I was looking for love in
all the wrong places looking for love is
sweet Gerald's face looking for love in
all the wrong places you should have
been hanging out at fire stations all
the true ask your mama is it true what
they're powering down alejos
oh my god
dear Lily da da da da it's just trying
to get bit about pajota spiders oh my
god you better buy him a box of bad days
and we would have got him spider bites
hey she be no she'll just chugging -
goddamn bathtub he went to go drunk I
got him charles alive ah are you serious
Louis ah
hey you need a goddamn bike pole to get
ha ha oh my god well according to
grandpa thank God in Greyhound she's
gone I got in gray hair when she's gone
I'm so glad that bitch ain't gonna be
tagging oh she went down the street
she's kissing Gerald's feet they got
angry how'd she go
