what's going on you guys keeping on a
camera here it's early I shaped my face
last night okay shit I hate when I shave
but anyway I shaved but that's beside
the point because a few minutes ago I
got a phone call from grandma who wanted
to alert me that she has a boyfriend
what I'm recording now what did you say
just now a new man who another Fire
Department guy like dad was what do you
mean this guy how long have you been
with them three weeks
he told me shit Oh
graduations well dad if you're listening
to that mom has replaced you that's it
I'm talking to the camera I'm telling
dad he's been replaced that seems oddly
weird
well how old is this guy 51 Mama's I'm
just upgraded to a younger man you be so
gloomy I hope I could hang on to him so
your legs so congratulations to mom you
got a boyfriend you've moved on
good hopefully I get to meet him and I
won't bring this so I don't ruin your
relationship what my dad's gonna take
the news
