I'm back and of course another day are
the same shirt I wore yesterday Oh
bridge white different clothes we are on
our way to Columbia right now with the
puppy it'd be sort of little box right
there angel I would keep her we are
giving her to my brother when keeper but
she was so attacked by way worse than
bill I am watching myself and watching
her at the same time she's just watched
meeting little vlog so we're taking her
to my brother who you will see on video
in a few minutes I say in a few minutes
it's like an hour for me but waiting 40
minutes we would drum for a little bit
so oh my god we passed it that's what
best room will you go yeah many gas
stations we've passed
so anyway we're just going to piss our
pants right here on camera
you should know she's shithead she
didn't feel the figurative things she
did she gets offended when I change it
she shamed my good god whole body bridge
away still mr. pipe with a little bit of
shit I did not see it smells like a
government barn in this car
and it smells like hot shit that's me
being Jim Ross good girl
my that shit isn't one hell of a bird
burner
I don't think Mick necessarily enjoys
the pain
but I don't think he ate stone cold
stone cold stone cold stone cold Austin
Austin champion champion good God
Almighty
here we are man my brother's house is
his fucking oh my gosh I like it in here
I was gonna show the posters and stuff
good so we're at my brother's house this
is my brother Charo and I do this is
Bridget and that's it I'm just showing
around the park this is who owns the dog
now this is very McFaul we here this is
our good digs yeah where she had
actually you in the kitchen put Dana in
the garbage oh it's filthy in there it's
not guilty but yeah right mop up cracker
yes need garbage off the floor get out
of there she'll die parvo in about a
week yeah I'm like I'm right Charles
like a month yeah how's uh how's punkin
doing hey Isaac the flowers well you
don't even know it means he only had was
such a short amount of time
who's Punkins Oh perhaps that dog we
give you oh that bitch died like the
next morning I woke up she was gone
remember his photo no you don't know her
disposer this is the poster that you get
when you pre-order the new GTA yeah I
gave mine to JC and I did it on and the
other side's got the dog on it
speaking of GTA get on your shit
Rockstar the dog just shit on the ride
yeah
it's not that bad I just can't smell
good ball smell just running up to it
come on all right pumpkin it's not she
with me
just fuck you and cleave my shit off the
floor oh don't give me the ax statue is
because anybody else be
