get beyond the camera here wearing my
new Paul Heyman guy t-shirt you probably
shouldn't do and steal anything you
weren't robbed we'll get your stuff in a
minute and purchase car so grandpa just
thought he was robbed
yeah haha he wasn't what you cut my hand
on that broom I don't you can see that
you should give a fuck why I like you
because you cut me I don't hear it I
want you I don't like you I don't like
you get out of my way so how you feeling
dad now that you know you weren't robbed
I feel I got you to get the house chill
you got my house but zero Taiwan but the
question is we didn't do anything with
that computer dad so worried yeah yo up
here in doing
I want my god Megan Beauty by one what a
job I you didn't know microphone the
community I've earned it he needed a
computer you didn't know he won me the
computer D
well that's last time don't say anything
about that I was the last time I got a
new computer thing Thank You Bridget
okay don't say chef Virgil I mean he
needed an EP right I feel responsible
and you were was not you broke it
yourself anything goes wrong it is out
it's good now we didn't do anything with
the TV in your room so that's missing
but you got Bobby no didn't with it no
you were you in red I'd give this nap in
the car
alright again hard to get 200 for the
demo for the pills he needs where my new
job oh well he needs much
he doesn't need a freaking laptop oh
well he have one got one anything but
these it's all too late they doesn't
need it well alright come back neomuna
yeah yeah we just pushed it you don't
even try on Mallory push it out of the
way are you mad
yes I'm kind of pissed off subscribe
Bridget West here and I'm a bitch
subscribe I'm guessing your subscriber -
she told your SWA SWA look fuck you
isn't it what is that what a squaw woman
anyone buddy your squaw woman is my
doggy good morning I need to spend all
my fucking money on my fucking dad I'm
Bridget I'm bitch yo you pretty
swallowed it PJ slop
