cooking with pickle boy this is pickle
boys kitchen today what are you doing
I'm gonna show you a meal
you ain't showing me shit I'm gonna show
you haven't be cooking meal this time
this is cheap effective and more
delicious than anything his asses at
Burger Scarlett well I am so that's what
it is okay what's this no Roach to the
part of the pot frog that killed a bunch
of I don't want that in the food so
anyway we're is it up no my just clean
that I put on a card oh yeah I'm sure
you get a got on that big and you
obviously know God maybe that's what we
had five kids maybe couple more but the
onion powder
yeah how about ask me out salt I know a
dad has sold well I need you over here
to watch I'm teasing you a meal here
we're so hard to put it in I don't need
yourself you got any onion I need an
onion chopped up what the hell happen to
your power
what the hell you stole it off the bill
hey so did you pay the bill not okay so
well your whole powers long let's go out
see if they're out here cutting you off
and what the fuck down I say it engine
won't you fucking cooking maybe this
guy's wasting you gonna cut your hand
off with doing the onion thanks God I
accept the risk all I need half of it
well that's a little onion anything yep
I'll take the whole thing
you know like your pocket if my pecker
is little it's hereditary
I don't what I need to bring wast what
even how to bring one onion that's what
I need
chop it up dice it
anytime you write from an avatar you
Jethro yeah I've been miss miss - miss
miss Tia in this pot we got salt water
I'm gonna cook the bacon in this one we
got ground beef salt onion powder it's
onions and this pot we're gonna heat up
a little before I drop down my bacon and
this is a cheap recipe you can make for
10 bucks okay
penne pasta got bacon going our meat is
done in a few minutes I'm gonna chop up
some pepperoni and put it into the meat
good old pepperoni I know our gonna cook
you I'm gonna get this bacon out of here
see now this is my kitchen the bake will
be sitting with paper towels this is
daddy yeah so I got it sitting on a
newspaper
yeah it's soaking up the sports section
in a minute it's all going to be mixed
together
that's hamburger meat bacon or hamburger
meat pepperoni bacon penne pasta cheese
and tomato soup
crumpled up assface
bacon in
penne pasta in no I don't know why
and we'll stir this up so this is now
penne pasta hamburger meat bacon and
pepperoni
hey we're doing the water in that one
about what quarter of a can oh yeah
Superman got it in me I know clear of
the gate quarter we can
oh that's it ho no Sunday
for now is this the scoop
yes stirring one down okay pour a little
bit of that cheese in there not all
there you go
now that cheese will start around isn't
it chug it over to camera hold the
camera for me this is a cook we'll pick
boy take it boy eateries all right and
now we just put this over it goddamn car
little ball we turn it off turn it there
cover it yeah but you're a dirty cop oh
shut up see the pots in my house have
tops to them
well I'll get a pork chop what so you
got it all right come on pop time take a
look at take a look
we got some kids here ready to eat this
is a cheap meal it's all that bubbling
that's juices that's tomato soup
that is good I was guessing this poop
all this for a pole I do got a bit it is
good
thank you better for what all about God
near Moscow your dad come try it seems
to think Foley gotta get a cold whites
well the stuck you boys will get yours
in a minute will you get Papa trying you
go fucking hot right yeah
good isn't really good never really good
there we go
whatever you want to call us some sort
of pasta whatever it above that suit you
yeah it's a different flavor that's me I
was when I first tried this recipe I was
like tomato soup it's made a soup made
it a good flavor
now it's topping these boys that's right
try sweet your boys thing I would say
yeah yeah I get it
let's try it you'll part of yourself you
with your fingers
