what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here testing out the camera
testing out the features bridge is
coming in right now
I just wanted to tell the story about
spider-man about the time that me my
brother and two of my cousins when to go
see spider-man at the movies bridge you
want to get in the shot real quick now
you want where are they you know they're
broken they're fine let me zoom normal
video that looks so goddam sexy with
them oh here's Bella it's on you guys
keep you on a camera here stop it Bella
is licking his asshole on Holdings so it
was opening night
we went to go see spider-man and we
didn't realize how many people were
gonna be there now first of all my ass
am I paying six dollars for a fucking
little thing of starburst or whatever
kind of bullshit candy they got our
asses went to the Dollar Tree before the
movie started and my cousin Catherine
has this purse it was this big fucking
purse
and we filled that fucking thing up it
was like are you smelling this smells
like that
okay this with oh shit fucking fuck oh
fuck I gotta show that I pulled the
fucking Charmin can we fix up no gotta
call maintenance let's go ass great now
the cameras not at one steady shot
anymore
bridges try to fix it while I continue
my story so my cousin Catherine has this
giant purse filled with candy it was it
was all the way from her purse looks
like a bowling ball bag it was about
this big
and so we're like fine Catherine we ran
to our seats and let her go through the
security check by ourselves because we
weren't gonna be around her while she
gets checked out for candy fraud whether
it be candy for hon so we get to the
theater we get to our seats were at the
top Center we're gloving it we got our
paint but now we start taking the candy
out of the purse and everybody's got
their shit in their labs were like yeah
that's when the security people come in
and they go attention everybody we sold
more tickets than we thought we had so
everybody has to get up and move over
right now and so we're like oh shit
we're not gonna do it okay we're not
doing it we're gonna sit where we are
everybody else is getting up maybe we'll
receipt no and not us we're just hitting
up mama so security comes up to it
excuse me um you're not allowed to bring
any outside food or beverages into the
theater and so we go she brought it real
pieces of shit I'm sorry Catherine that
we did this to you she brought it I'm
gonna need to confiscate it drunk our
candy man we had nothing we say it was
your candy I'm taking off my glasses now
cuz that would look sexy without them
too cuz I'm just sexy it's just how it
is ugly I'm sexy
it runs me that uh that picture it was
the edge really funny it's like an
iPhone screen somebody sent somebody the
wrong text this is my favorite picture
of us
Oh wrong number oh sorry y'all ugly
anyway sorry Catherine
weed I'm doubt you brought the candy in
but it's just because none of us carry
purses so anyway like subscribe
I wanted to tell a quick story ain't
even consider subscribing to her did you
guys don't you subscribe to her I'm
fucking sick of her she's creeping new
Luna she
fuck the sky I can't brace altar Oh
Christian up any bail was binding and I
think she wants to chew my dick and I've
invited I wanted thing if I lived with
Bella's Berkeley Aerosmith is brittle
videos and a fence around fucking chest
Ridge of West ji bells killing me okay
hey
