going on you guys get behind a camera
here you see my grandpa who just took a
fall because he doesn't have the
medicine he needs which is always been
whi I have a big problem with I'm a
Republican not with a fucking Republican
I am a Democrat slash liberal hate me
for it I voted for Obama if there was a
liberal that stood a chance of winning
the White House I'd vote for him I am a
bleeding-heart liberal and I think shit
like this shouldn't happen where you got
people like my dad right there who can't
who has to sit here in pain holding his
balls I'm not trying to be graphic here
he has to be in pain holding his balls
because we live in a fucking system
where we can't afford medicine to get
better if we're sick we're fucking sick
too bad deal with it and that's the kind
of fucking country we live in you got
all these other countries they give you
medicine they send you to the hospital
you got people your government oh you
gotta wait for medicine in Canada no you
fucking don't you don't know what the
fuck you're talking about
I need a joy yeah oh you can't have a
joint it's illegal here that may be
either buffet welcome to America
marijuana is illegal for no fucking
reason we can't get medicine we can't
talk about it
there's nothing roses vism this is
America and I'm proud to be American I'm
not saying I'm not saying I'm not proud
I love America's the greatest country in
the world I have a problem with the
people who run America yeah they know
they're all their own party starts with
our people who may care about themselves
I wish we had a little more compassion
for people like my father who can't even
afford his medicine so he has to sleep
in pain tonight thank you
