what's going on you guys keeping a
camera here and I am about to try in
freestyle because I'm bored and this is
what I like to do so I'm gonna start a
beat Bridget give me a theme please sex
okay
she wasn't a rap about sex sex with who
Bridget
Bridget what's enough I do not want to
have sex with you I can't believe I feel
abused and my mind is screwed
I feel soon that she's coming to me baby
this is what I gotta do I do not wanna
fuck you what the fuck is this you
fucking make me sick I can't believe you
wanted me to go and touch your tits go
on and lick my dick and then you lick
your lips
you take your clinic then my spit it did
you rub it in she is getting mad the
face is really sad she's gonna cry baby
man I think the music's wide to get him
really sad Bridget what the fuck is dis
you asked me to rap about sex with you
and so I did what the fuck the fucking
dogs are barking this is it pebbles
gonna bottle off a very lazy things he's
gonna get it - boy you're fucking not
the toys are all over the fucking
chemist shit theme Bridgette mold okay
I arrived got mold now
what the fuck is going on I'm getting
really old
Bridget doesn't clean anymore the house
is so covered in mold what the fuck is
going on man it stinks and it's growing
everywhere and so Bridget doesn't care
she fucking sleeps with it she fucking
doesn't kiss she sweats it and she eats
the shit it's on her bread it's on her
food it's on her candy bars it's in the
tea that she drinks it's fucking
everywhere she told me to just wrap it
out mold and I turned it to a diss track
bitch cuz I'm so cold
what the fuck is this I'm getting really
pissed I'm getting really sick Bridget
go and lick your lips I'm gonna punch
you with my fist and I'm getting sick
what the fuck is this man I'm fat and my
head is shit all right here we go gonna
do nice things man Bridget wants me to
go in rap for her nice things let's go
on the date Bridget get some ice cream
what the fuck go and dance for me I see
everything she was to do I want to marry
her see she's the girl of my dreams she
is everything I ever needed my vibe ABC
the one I need
with the fucker wanna cut her rubber to
the knees I wanna take a knife and then
a gutter bin I'm saying please hey y'all
wait for me I don't want you now I want
to leave you in the back of a trunk and
find a fucking hole that I can dump you
in him get inside what the fuck I didn't
rhyme with the fucking doing now okay
Bridget beam
Zella hit me
small dick
you
printer says that I got a small dick but
it's real big I can't find the condom
anymore that will fit
it's fucking really big is growing then
I'm getting sick to death to shove it
inside her pussy lips and getting it
stuck inside the fucking with the fat no
I got a small dick I got a safe cause I
couldn't freestyle masturbation okay
yo what the fuck is this I'm sick of
jerking on my dick but I ain't got a
girl on whom to make me wanna stick
inside our pussy lips what the fuck is
this is sick
I'm fuckin sick of jerking up but this
is what it is this is what I got Bella's
on the counter and she jump enough with
the fucker sound on my computer stop me
from freestyling man I fucking really
sucked
Bridget's and the other group its are
falling down because they're really
loose now like a pussy yet I'm so what
the fuck I got a big dick under what yo
here we go
this is the last one Bridget give me a
theme please slipper like a shoe Bala
which one slippers are Bella
Oh
fella coming listen up ladies dick is
not what you need to munch inside your
mouth your teeth to sharpen skidding
suck what the fuck I rhymed out of line
what the fuck is going on I can't
freestyle now because bridge it is
fucking sick
I'm fucking hater pussy lips I wanna
bite em up and chew and man they make me
sick what the fuck is this her blood is
hiv-positive Ismail she threw something
at me made a stupid bitch what the fuck
she threw Reese's eggs at me the hell
what is do stop it's a freestyle Bella
please stop barking Bridget wants to
know if I love her well Noah don't get
the fuck down
ah get your knees them blow I'll fuckin
dick you how okay
