QB on a camera here and I'm still
working out the kinks in this new video
camera it's really crazy to use the
quality will be better once I figured it
out but until then what does this button
do I don't think you did anything so
anyway I'm sitting here working on a new
song and figured I'd let you guys watch
me attempt it
what's fun here we go
how's its keep new women
look at us we're always fighting like
what stick to why I beat you bus has
steps I've done that's like see what the
hell's happening with him speed you
weren't doing this before
look at us we're always fighting like
one sector why I beat your bus that's
that but done that's like the other one
that's out of line me right I guess I
missed the bus didn't understand what
you met before you got your stuff and
then you sprinkle me Bridget I'm such a
loser I can't even drive anymore
Oh God is doing the thing again I don't
know why I'm laughing yet I think it's
really funny wasn't doing this before it
wasn't bridge is my balance for that
book is us we're always fighting like my
sticker one each of us has ever done
that's like the other one that's out of
line me right I guess I missed the bus
didn't understand but you met before you
got your stuff and took your left man
and hurt I felt that building up and
then I left
take whatever look it up
cameras heavy look at us we're always
fighting like we're sick of why each of
us has that by dawn that's like the
other one that's out of line me right I
guess I missed the bus to end understand
what you met before you got your stuff
then you're left man and hurt I felt
that build enough I chose to let it
escalate cuz usually we stop and just
move to making love a Papa just like
making Nephi usually the part that puts
a stop to the ridiculous
shit you saying niggas mean up every
time we fight trying to find a way to
win the war you're waging oh my pride
love makan I got a whole deceiving me
alive while you're my the only one who
has to come apologize guess I started it
I'm sorry it's alarming but that doesn't
help the fact I'm holding back from
calling you a cunt even if you're not
sick of every argument it's oh so that's
what I'm working on this new song I'm
gonna make a video for it I don't have a
name for it
it's about arguing with your significant
other I'm like Bridge of the night
because we don't ever argue ever we
don't fight that songs not about me and
Bridgette fighting don't even ask about
some shit like that because that's not
in other news you guys had an
overwhelming response to that child's
play doll thing you guys have it there's
almost 700 signatures on there the goal
is to get a thousand that's what the
people in the forum want so please if
you haven't signed click the link below
check out the Chucky doll petition below
and sign it because if they make a
fuckin Chucky doll thanks to your help
I'm gonna prank anger grandpa with it
and he's probably gonna shit his pants
whatever I decide to do that's if they
make it because nobody else has a
realistic Chucky doll and this is the
only way we're gonna get it so sign the
petition below please sign the petition
well we need a thousand signatures right
now it's not about 700 so please if
you're watching this just sign it if you
hate me sign it I don't know how that
makes sense but if you hate me sign it
seriously seriously sign to sign it
below we need more signatures and I
weigh more appreciate
than you realize to actually reach 700
signatures on this thing because I
didn't think we'd reach that many and
you guys really showed your support by
just really really helping out with this
so thank you for that and if you haven't
signed it yet sign below and this thing
keeps focusing in and out it's I gotta
figure out what's going on with this so
anyway this is the Canon EOS Rebel t4i
if anybody knows about settings and
stuff for this hit me up on a DM
