going on you guys keep you on a camera
here I'm working a new camera here kid
behind a new camera and dad just
destroyed his laptop not the phone get
off the now yeah no look at your dead
here I don't care I'm jogging on the
bones I'm texting would you even get
that phone how to do it using any
specific reason Nouveau alright don't
have another boat let's go guy
oh man yeah that can't be fixed why why
he asked me why it can't be fixed and a
little glue a new screen design
sure thing well get off the phone now
you're gonna really regret that I'm not
getting you a new computer no no you get
my vote I got it myself
why'd you shut me up oh shut up I'm
upset
we're all upset but you got to destroy
ain't my Duhamel is that a threat to me
or something that what you doing there
Oh
oh that whore my new hammer you can
shove it up your ass I'll bust you in
the fucking toe with
you have our prayers people in Boston I
don't pray but dad will pray for you who
you pray since when
know that well I used to now go buddy
that culture so you don't believe God no
more God the how come you know pray to
Him you gonna lose them anyway so they
want you so there with that hey wait a
minute don't you go bumper stickers now
yeah where they at where my bumper
stickers go well you don't even care
about your laptop no more what the hell
is that
let's say y'all lunch me too though you
take your medicine you need to kiss my
ass so what's going on with these bumper
stickers here they're for sale go my
facebook and look how about I'm trying
to promote them here how much $5 apiece
now what you're all Facebook oh well I
still got my phone
you put facebook on my phone for me no
Bridget will
