I'll tell you what you want us to go all
you gotta do is look into this camera
and say the words I want you to win
Julie
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here see right there
and today is Tuesday today is Tuesday
and you guys today
I'm looking for you to send me hate and
let me rephrase that guys smack the like
button if you want us to do another hate
comments video and we're gonna do it I
love it I love it it's kind of funny
that I'm actively pursuing hate right
now I'm like man I need you guys to hate
me hey guys hey hate me today hate me
tomorrow
send me your hate you guys smack the
like button if you wanna hate comments
video and within the next couple of
weeks we're gonna do it guys today is
Tuesday and today we're going over to
Jennifer's house grandpa's house yes
it's been a while I know it's I feel
like I haven't been there like since
Lauren left and I don't really like
going over there because it makes me sad
that's where Dad was and I'm just
reminded him everywhere but we got to go
over there we gotta start working on the
house we got to start fixing it up
getting it back to where it used to be
guys today is Tuesday let's talk huh I'm
getting a bug put on Bridget like I'm
going to terrorize a poor sweet little
innocent bug to scare you with well
certainly fortnight too much Bridget I
just saw that tree and I wanted to chop
it down for a bridge oh my gosh
oh man that would make a nice staircase
we're addicted to fortnight okay I can't
help it
gotta put on my seatbelt what up boys
what do you what is on your face what
are you drinking is this beer
are you drinking Mountain Dew okay I
thought what is happening here
looks like she's building a prison I
know right Jenny
what is wrong with you okay well I was
just gonna ask why are you so mad trying
to clean the house okay okay I just
wanted to know about this a look at your
building your own fortnight prison I am
okay covering the lens I gotta do this
you ready yeah it looks a creepy hello
oh hey Jenny Meredith put stockings on
her faces what maybe that the hands sake
this has been on your head yeah the head
something huh huh what a misfortune oh
oh I love it
jenny is hooking grandpa's old house up
bro yeah she's got dishes what uh would
you have the cars ready they look so
nice where'd you get those huh where'd
you get the car all right what is going
on today
well they look great great why are you
so rude grandpa's house
I don't think we are dear okay I'm not
gonna stand for this anymore what are
you doing dude why are you so mad today
okay
do you want help I was fine really
Wow you're freaking I don't want to
record this I was fine you I hear are
you telling us to leave yep
so dad threw us out of this house and
now you are you were rude well I spent a
lot of money okay
Congrats I've spent a lot of money
before - we've all spent money
International plates what I'm about to
do you owe me $50 if I'm actually I'll
pay you off smash it okay I'm not buy
two boxes yeah it looks really nice in
here though but seriously you don't want
us here so maybe we should go my phone
I'll tell you what you want us to go all
you gotta do is look into this camera
and say the words I want you to leave
how much Julie and if you say it all go
why you are I don't know why you're so
frustrated today we're gonna figure it
out yeah
I'm not leaving I feel like I should say
here and talked oh my god okay yeah did
we do something to piss you off
house looks good
who are you calling the police
what what okay let's go we're going
so this is the whole list of everything
that we need for dad's house yeah okay
that's an electrical box plug square
covers one door one door what is a
missing door wait that was in the ICU at
all everybody was under a lot of
pressure
Johnny Lofton lost locked the door and
couldn't get in we tried going through
the window couldn't get in Laura better
than the hack so she goes holy crap wait
wait wait wait hold on she asked the
door down and it wasn't vlogged she took
an ax to the door we didn't film it
that's ridiculous how do I even hear
about this well I'm finding out now and
I wish I would have seen it I know
bright light bulbs pain yeah this is all
pretty nice list
we're fixing grandma's house up this
room looks nice I don't know what color
to go with this room the liberty I want
to keep the same but I want the dining
room maybe a different color that's up
to you man sure maybe leave it the same
but it doesn't go to brown
I think it does yeah I think it looks
good it's not up to me guys do you know
any color ideas let us know in the
comment section I remember the last time
we did this me and down with the Sherwin
Williams we came up with each of us
chose a color and we left them in the
comment section choose the one that was
who was a good idea Brown let's go to
white and brown let's let's all save
what we think will go to show Williams
this week and we'll make our choices in
the lab images yeah now are you done
being rude yeah oh you're done so what
was wrong with you I just got a lot up
to do everybody seems to come over when
when I'm cleaning a house
when I'm busy doing something and I
gotta stop and entertain you have to
entertain there you gotta entertain us
we can entertain ourselves please I just
came over to see what was going on yeah
leaving grandpa's house right now you
guys getting it all fixed up getting it
looking nice again we sort of stopped
taking care of it after everything that
happened but we're getting back on that
road or get in this house looking like
it used to when grandpa was proud of it
guys we're going home
thought I heard someone yell on my name
back home you guys something is wrong
with Jennifer oh I don't know what it is
I think it's like pressure and stress is
finally starting to get to her you guys
got told before and she cut off all of
her hair so I don't know what she's
gonna do this time so Jennifer I love
you I'm gonna keep a watch I on yeah I'm
gonna please don't freak out again cuz
we can't handle that hard on the hyenas
really disgusting the whole point of me
doing that scene was just so I could
bite into that orange Oh God
it's disgusting seriously though
something's wrong with Jennifer I don't
know what's going on she's headed for a
psychotic breakdown
really feel excited now Bridget oh never
mind he stopped right when I started
filming he stops busy you're not pulling
your weight around here anywhere okay
bud you know you're not pulling your
weight okay bud I need you to dig lay
your hands back over again okay come on
hey come on
okay there's one paw I need this one to
know okay all right here you go
and action your bras√≠lia Felix
okay now Arkin Carlin screeching Michael
I'm trying to wait a minute
it's rare that we see Felix anymore you
guys but when we do we put it on camera
you probably won't see him again for
another year or two
Bridget it's another feel exciting oh my
god folks you've been asking if Felix is
still alive
here's proof there he is okay squeeze we
haven't buried him he's not like under
grandpa's Bush here is right there in
the flesh today's date is actually I
don't know what's the date Bert's it
quick it's sometime in March okay ain't
it
what the oh he's trying to spray me you
know Felix if there was something coming
out of there that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching
Jennifer I don't know what's going on
but I'd really like to try that prevent
this cataclysmic meltdown that I can
sense is coming because I know oh my god
she's a tall dude I don't know what was
wrong I don't know like why she was so
angry but Ginny I love you we need to
calm you down you need to relax with
what is this
why you make such a weird noise about it
what is that okay it's disgusting I get
it guys what okay what it's rose what is
it
I guess I'm going to bed oh okay tell
her we're good nice love you guys
that's gonna that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching I'm
sorry
yeah like subscribe favorite follow me
on everything for to us all the snakes
in closer oh you guys
Donna doing it
