what's going on you guys so right now
Michael is playing Friday the 13th and
virtual Jase is gonna kill everyone but
him and then real Jason is coming in to
find him - ready dad
I hope always
oh it is ring yes
okay
you look really scary we can't use one
and pocalypse Oh No let me go laughing
dad a weapon well we can't use a weapon
I really want to buy it you can't you
won't home
what boy why okay weapon
well you're so gonna get really scared
he'll probably crap his pants it's worth
it don't be so loud don't be so loud
okay let's go
we got this babe no actually I don't
bother Jason told everybody but me I
really just want to find more tears
version or it was really just feeling
felix banging on the door somebody's
here
no I think Felix job something there's
anybody still alive at the log send me a
place of message W left the gas
although they died
little Brian oh don't stand there get
killed by Jason hey person who do not
follow me you're getting chased by Jason
not me
stop following me let Jason get you
great
oh my god you're trying to kill me no
I'm not don't say that
where did you get yourself it what is
this you bought the most terrifying
Jason outfit you're not gonna scare
that's the Jason those will be on the
game he's my friend
so you played the whole high yes totally
all of it right well I haven't tried to
break you you know lay straight look at
that
let me take one big giant guess the
reason he doesn't have a pickaxe is the
ad pocalypse yes so he's using his hands
he was gonna do the high squeak yeah the
headphones got in the way so why don't
you get me closer sorry
so you tell me hey let's just play
Friday with her team tonight let's have
a good night let's hang out yeah it's
pretty bad we this was yeah you wanted
me to get pranked I'm done I'll never
play this game again why please don't
tell me you have like eight more Jason
outfits okay no of course not like you
guide my heart through her oh my god
everybody's just gonna explode in a
second he's getting closer
did you forget how high okay so we have
Jason playing Jason yes Frank you win
okay all right I won't try to prank you
thank you that was a foul I thought now
Bridget and I agreed that we would do no
more pranking to each other this month I
guess she lied about that however that
aside no no no I didn't want to talk
about it anymore can i film this you
gotta get it involved just leave me
alone
I'm mad at you okay guys that aside this
is the creepiest thing I've ever seen in
my life bro what Jason is playing Jason
what in the world oh wait a minute
the face-off jason vs. jason
what no you're not gonna try that
actually does where did you get this
pillowcase it's a map well I know that
come on Doug
are you satisfied no no you won't do
more Doug's gone you guys they got me
again and I'm very mad about it you know
earlier in the month I asked you guys to
click like if you wanted me to prank
bridge and you guys clicked like if I
asked you to send me some prank ideas
and you guys sent me a lot of prank
ideas unfortunately unfortunately a lot
of the prank ideas that you were sending
or you know illegal or like stuff that I
can't do like oh I know you should break
up with Bridgette ha ha ha I can't break
a little Bridgette number one I love her
you know
number two you know where does kind of
prank is that hey breezy we're over with
for the video I can't do that right so a
lot of the prank ideas I just wasn't
able to pull off so guys I'm asking one
more time
smacked alike but if you want me to
prank Bridgette and let me know in the
comment section some prank ideas that I
could feasibly do number one legal hello
and number two stuff that I would
actually be able to pull off you know
like I don't know eyebrows ha that's
just number one possibly I can shave a
riot brows that yeah I'm talking about
you the fact that you prank me again
so what are you so you spank mine and I
have it pranked you at all you second oh
yeah but it's pranked a month I thought
it's it's all it's Michael gets pranked
month no so guys like I said smack the
like button if you want Bridget to get
pranked
let me know some comments in this Cup I
can't even talk let me know some give me
some prank ideas in the comments below
because I want to prank her like you
know I don't know you can't even think
of your own pranks anymore okay
you don't watch Virginia you've beaten
me okay back away from sorry
you beat me this time okay I need ideas
like you guys should I shave off her
eyebrows while she's asleep I don't know
I'm just spitballing ideas here you know
I know you that I want to use their
usual ideas because a lot of it's like
illegal or stuff that I can't pull off
why like actually break up with you
yeah frankly in your relationship for a
prank I can't I can't do it all right
but I don't know shaving your eyebrows
seems like that's pretty illegal shaving
your eyebrows no breaking up with me
that's not illegal but shaving your
eyebrows might if it gets too dangerous
but I think it's done the right way my
brows aren't going anywhere
well I'm not the Hat not leaving the
house anyway they go
my eyebrows are staying on my face are
they yes and you know that why I know
that because if you do something to my
eyebrows you were going to regret it for
the next year guys I believe that I'll
be honest with you i believe that i'm
just spitballin some ideas back at birth
you know am i trying to psyche her out I
don't know smack - like what if you want
Bridget to get praying that's all I'm
saying Brij let me tell you something
do you have another 10 Jason outfit
don't ask questions do you have another
titli like I did notice remember there
was this Jason mask that was never in
the house before okay it's a brand new
Jason mask what movie does that
correlate to and how's Doug gonna wear
it this time - seriously I've had enough
okay
she's gone Jason crazy it's not gonna
work a third time there's no way you
could forward
I have no intentions on doing a third
Jason Frank this month or ever just let
me guys I need the right way to shave
your eyebrows that's all I'm saying
that's okay I'm covering the window yeah
a pinkie swear I'm going to do that
we're getting out of here in just a few
minutes you guys but before we do I
wanted to take a minute to number one
apologize for freaking a lot of people
out in yesterday's vlog I need to - I
guess explain you know what happened
because a lot of people are like
freaking out that the world is ending in
2029 and that's not guys that's not
happening now first things first I
should say that those notebooks are 100%
legit I absolutely did write all of this
stuff in the past right and I had you
know a lot of it definitely predictions
that I'm not gonna you know that stuff's
definitely real I'm not gonna like lie
so you guys are like all oh you know
that's not what happened however the
thing that I wrote about the world
ending about an asteroid hitting Earth
what happened is I wrote that back in
2012 and if you guys don't remember back
in 2012 the world was supposedly ending
2012 was that everybody was scared that
the world was gonna be over I prank Rand
Paul with it and what happened is in
that time I did a ton of research on
like asteroids and like the end of the
world basically because I was really I
guess you could say terrified I was
really like transfixed by mass hysteria
when it comes to like the world being
ending you know you know the stuff with
Harold Camping claiming that the world
was gonna end I've been 2012 and then
now you have people saying like
September that just passed was supposed
to be the end and you got playing an X
and I was into all that stuff all the
you know theories and the theoretical
damage that an asteroid would cause and
I was obsessed with it and I got
terrified because I looked and they said
that this asteroid was gonna hit her
earth or have a near collision and then
come back and I wrote it down to the
that I saw and I didn't remember it and
I talked about it and a lot of people
got freaked out so I want to apologize
to those people they are freaked out you
guys
it's just mass hysteria okay it's gonna
miss earth if there was a you know like
threatening collision to hit earth we
would definitely know about it right now
you have no reason to be scared I'm not
trying to scare people I'm sorry for
anybody that was scared you know a lot
of people got mad at me for that and it
was irresponsible I should not have done
like I should have explained it more but
I didn't think that it was gonna do that
you know I was just sort of joking
around like oh it's the end of the world
but people took it seriously so guys I'm
sorry for that calm down it's not the
end of the world and a swear it's not
hitting we're gonna have we have near
misses all the time you guys this is
just gonna be another one of those near
misses
so guys unfortunately to some people you
know you know guys it's not the end of
the world not yet not yet not by
asteroid well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching you
you got me okay
I'm out I'm really good at pranking
Michael guys I'm just way better at
pranking than you are don't Bridget
don't challenge me honey I am I totally
win don't challenge me okay do you want
you want to lose your eyebrows
Michael wanna wake up oh you got to
reuse a prank twice excuse me you just
did the Jason prank twice Jason breaks
into the room and then breaks into the
laundry room where's next the bathroom
and let me take it a shower
Hey yes a bj in the next video because
Jason breaks in the pool house like is
that no Joe you're Jason pranks won't
work next time I see Jason oh my dog
so no more Jason pranks guys I'm getting
out of here
once again I'm sorry for the whole
asteroid thing yeah what are you doing
scaring everyone dude I bet scared me
too guys
excuse me I scared myself until I
remember bright he goes oh yeah this was
like masses area guys look I'm not a
perfect person I make mistakes and so
does Bridget she made a big mistake
pranking me and you're making an even
bigger mistake threatening me oh you
call me really big is that what you were
saying there hmm hey I'm getting out I'm
just joking guys I'm getting out of here
thanks for watching
smack the like button threw in a prank
Bridget it's coming guys
like subscribe
everything fits a mess and they done
followers I saw Michael guys love you
