what's going on you guys keep be on a
camera here and today I wanted to talk
about chucky the killer doll and I'm not
talking about the cookie or brother
choke you because I didn't like those
movies I'm here to talk about the
original Chucky and the reason I'm
talking about the original Chucky and I
don't know why I said it like that twice
in a row Chucky
but fuck it anyway the reason I'm
talking about Chucky is because curse of
chucky comes out on Halloween I was
looking up some news about it
it's a straight-to-dvd thing and I was
looking up news and I was getting pretty
excited and it reminded me of a story
that I have to tell you that happened to
me when I was a kid and it was about the
first time I watched child's play now
dad thought it was appropriate for me me
turn on this light cuz it was getting
too dark dad thought it was appropriate
for him you know my good guys kid for
you boy
I got a garden towels pray i watch the
child's play didn't know i was like to
be fucking terrified for the next few
years so dad puts in this child's play i
watch it horrible horrible experience
because now I'm wondering how many of my
fucking toys are possessed by serial
killers and I had a my buddy doll which
you've never seen him my buddy doll it
looks like this needless to say after
Chucky ended I took the fucking my buddy
doll and I took it to the dumpster down
the street now we lived in a community
trailer park that had this big community
dumpster at the end of it I took the
fucking my buddy doll I tossed the
motherfucker and I never fucking wanted
to see it again well my brother knew
what the fuck I did he was watching half
watch this shit he digs the my buddy
doll out of the garbage while I'm
sleeping and I wake up at like 4 o'clock
in the morning and I opened my eyes and
at the foot of the bed I see this
fucking my buddy doll just stared at me
what the fuck did I do
I took the my buddy doll I put it in the
fucking fireplace and I
it on fire just like he did in child's
play I'm not fucking having this
goddamned doll walking around my house
and killing my ass not realizing that
I've set a fire in the trailer at 4
o'clock in the morning dad comes running
out of the fucking bedroom naked goddamn
hat off I have to fucking have to fire
he sees that it's me there's fucking
black smoke billowing into the fucking
living room he dad has to take his
walking cane and he fucking sticks it
into the fireplace and pulls out this
fucking flaming mess and tosses it into
the front yard
I guess the fucking fire got too hot at
one point and the glass doors on the
fireplace busted and long story short
dad was pissed off you goddamn stupid
motherfucker
oh god dad oh boy I regret the day you
shot out my dick so I wasn't right in
the head for a long time because of
Chucky that doll scared the shit out of
me which leads me to today 2013 many
years later I'm trying to get a Chucky
doll I want to own a realistic replica
Chucky doll but it's like they don't
exist
these look like this or they look like
this or they look like this
and none of them look like this it's
like what do I have to do to get myself
a Chucky doll that looks like Chucky
which leads me to the petition that you
can find in the link below thanks to a
Chucky forums that I found was that site
called pride of Chucky pride of Chucky
dot Pro boards com they have an
administrator dr. death who has been
writing Sideshow Collectibles who
designed a pretty good see our Bride of
Chucky irsie - Chucky replica doll but I
don't want no stitched up Chucky which
leads me to the petition below if you
click below to the petition you can sign
your name to hopefully get Sideshow
Collectibles to make a child to play
one replica so we can get a Chucky that
doesn't look like this it might get one
that looks like this
so please sign below even if you don't
care and you don't want to Chucky doll
sign it anyway help me out let me get a
Chucky doll maybe I'll scare grandpa
with it yeah that's enticing sign the
petition below so maybe they'll make one
and I'll scare grandpa with it that's a
promise if you sign this petition and
they make the doll I will scare grandpa
to death maybe not to death no fucking
way
I won't do that but I'll scare them with
it so click the link below check out
pride of Chucky forums and like and
subscribe that's it get us a
realistic-looking Chucky replica because
I'm sick of those shitty dolls that you
see at Spencer's
