Bridget and I me and Bridget Hey we're
on our way to meet angry grandpa at the
substation we're a couple of fans want
to meet him
Cassidy and I don't know what's your
friend's name
Katie Katie and Cassidy Cassidy and
Katie they are meeting anger grandpa the
substation before they go to the prom
tonight so that's interesting they're
going to be in the park palm
you mean the prom dresses and we're
dressed like slums yep because we always
dress like slums because I don't change
my clothes any chance I don't bathe
anymore or change my clothes or its
overrated who needs it seriously who has
to watch who has time to wash their skin
with soap and water you know I don't
know that's a luxury for the rich why I
gotta do this Michael because the girl
wrote me on Twitter said she wanted to
meet you so you're gonna meet her
what is she joking what's the matter
you're ugly
no big I'm ugly ugly yeah you're ugly
I'm so you're T all of your leg spell
yes Kamiya well you call me I was sexy
you're a nut sex I am sexy
subscribe grandpa is too sexy as plants
is to videogames
get up dad you might think it if I get
up goddamn are you a dog I am great no
thank you
oh my god you're not sexy thank you Mike
hello
why bye Stacy use your hi thank you
every time I go doctor she's hot you
think Jesse yes
they did my hair ash did he really tell
me did a good job they told me to tell
you to stop
are you were you doing it for cuz it's
why I'm gosh I'm going to film obviously
then you viewing my video that's fine
with me
do you I everybody mind okay good you
ready why
I'm gonna tail Bridget I'm gonna tell
Priya Johnson which is she isn't you all
right what you want to say anything you
wanted to say miss don't be offensive
thank you you ruining my fun actually
I'm giving you free rein be offensive no
I will be offensive I known about I got
the pictures 2bath got to bring them
we have the pictures made we don't we go
frame oh and yeah we're not usually
family we had pictures taken together I
thought yeah we had to do together to
make pictures like the first time we had
a family picture neither Caitlyn or
Katie Katie Katie you can spell that
right
fine line you will show what it 16 what
16 you gave me nothing
you're 16 hey hey it was nice video haha
we going yeah get over here real quick I
take a picture what are you doing
sixteen bibot yes I know sixteen or I'm
not closing in Hey
