it's Thursday night I decided that I was
going to watch TNA Impact Wrestling
which I rarely do because the product is
so unwatchable but I decided tonight I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna sit through it
they got Jeff Hardy vs. bully Ray and a
full metal mayhem match which is the TNA
version of TLC I was expecting this shit
to be good it was supposed to be rockin
I sat through the garbage I'm a remote I
can fast-forward through the chickens
I'm watching on DVR so I sat through the
trash I sat through the bullshit matches
just to get to this match I was excited
I was ready for it and this happened so
let's just going
chanting stop
he just oh that's right let's rewind
that case you missed it
bully ray put himself on the table
before
god no most people leave us again party
party party
hi that's right and professional
wrestling you put yourself in tables and
you're completely added by the way whoa
what is Hardy doing keeps me threw me
out golden that table I think
so thank you ta for suspending my belief
bullshit I know wrestling's fake but
come on
before this again getting myself in the
shot
he just brought the twist Oh
