so I've been having people write me
asking me to give a review of
Wrestlemania
what did I think of it that I liked the
show what matches that I liked what
matches that I dislike how much time
begot first match was the shield versus
the Big Show Sheamus and Randy Orton not
good
I'm a big fan of the shield and they did
a lot better at TLC because that match
really fell flat I mean you would think
that you know for their first
WrestleMania it would really just go all
out for the opening match of the
therefore anyway not good
I can't even tell you what match was
next I don't remember I'm just gonna go
straight to Chris Jericho versus
Fandango Fandango sucked Hey I don't
know how you go from having the best
match to WrestleMania last year with CM
Punk to having the worst wrestler and I
won't say it's the worst match this year
but it wasn't that good Fandango really
just didn't look like he was evil ond he
maybe that's why you don't have your
debut match at WrestleMania so anyway
all of those other matches except for
the three main events sucked now let's
go to the three main events
CM Punk versus the Undertaker Bravo good
fucking match a lot better than I was
expecting from the Undertaker because of
his age because of the shape he was in I
really expected a good 10-minute match
that was gonna be seeing Punk it was
good it was a good match I liked it
obviously CM Punk was gonna end I wasn't
happy but you knew it was gonna happen
they're not gonna dig right now they're
burying CM Punk and who better to bury
him than the Undertaker so CM Punk lost
again so then we had Brock Lesnar versus
Triple H then that match was fucking
awesome again I had somebody just
messaged me just now actually they were
like oh that match so I thought it was
good I thought you know me and birds
were actually laughing our asses off the
whole time because Brock was doing these
screams is doubled
it was very bizarre actually but it was
a good match
Paul Heyman took a sweet chin music look
pretty good Shawn Michaels got busted
open somewhere he's like no I think
maybe when Brock elbowed him but that
was a great match and then main event
Cena versus the rock I'm not gonna say
it was awesome oh shit yeah it wasn't
bad
I'm glad the rock lost I hate Cena but
I'm glad the rock lost look like he's
leaving afterward that was good
this is why I came back in Brooklyn
anyway
goodbye Rock hopefully you're not on Raw
tomorrow night yeah okay hiccups doubt
so anyway make up if you aren't on my
final approval Wrestlemania breath
WrestleMania was six out of ten or
should I do the Bret Hart route four out
of tune what about P Diddy what about
our is he did II or daddle whatever the
fuck his name is he says what about
Diddy like losing his voice like
instantly yo what's up New York here we
go
whatever anyway like subscribe favorite
if you missed Wrestlemania check it out
don't do that Bell was just watching me
hey Bella
