schooled on you guys keep behind a
camera here
first of all new glasses so these are
the new glasses that I wear I still have
the other ones the right over there
today I'm going to be making sliders for
the sliders I got two different kinds of
rules because I don't know what I'm
going to like more so I got some fresh
baked rolls from Piggly Wiggly and I got
some of these King Hawaiian sweet rolls
so I'm gonna try one on these one of
this four sliders I like to cook mine
White Castle style with onions on them
so I'm gonna do that now no I still do
not have my chopping technique down so
I'll probably chop off a finger one day
I'm just gonna dice up these onions real
fine I would be the smartest man this
meat I got 73 27 cuz I like Fred a my
meat sliders I'm gonna use the same
technique that I use for my burgers I'm
gonna make them tinier though so I'm
gonna play a little hunk of meat put it
on a plate flatten it out put it in the
freezer
okay we're going to put our onion rings
in there have you got the precooked
onion ring so I don't know dad's recipe
dad makes a good onion ring we got that
in there this hands caught it up your
burgers been in there long enough three
little slider patty evil shrink put that
on there a little bit onions on top of
it we're gonna salt
little bit of temper
the sliders I'm going to add a little
bit of onion powder not much
don't squeeze it you don't want to do
that as you can see they struck down
considerably now the onions are down
they're cooking at the bottom I can
going to add my cheese now we'll have
slice the cheese they're half slice
cheese there
I got Oh what up another one don't go it
has only been a couple of minutes and
these are done already you try to get
onions with it one now a month well in
my off time I tried the fresh rolls that
I was telling you about and I didn't
like them I'm only using the Hawaiian
roll now this patty all set aside
because I don't have come before yet two
little sliders all I want on it is
mustard and ketchup
do I have mustard or ketchup and ketchup
just a little bit ketchup
there we go
this was quick so let's go ahead and try
our first little slider mmm it's
delicious
so slider
mmm delicious
Hawaiian roll is sweet at the onion mmm
I'm room slider fire meat onion don't
get those that's it click video like
subscribe favorite new glasses see you
guys so I just made Bridget a double
slider she's gonna try it now show to
the camera
double cheeseburger slider this one has
pickles it's so hot I'm gonna burn
myself
he's been for every date hot food
oh so that describe the taste White
Castle
