what's going on you guys keep be on a
camera here and I'm a little pissed off
right now because I have been reading
reports about the next Xbox 720 whatever
the fuck it's gonna be called being an
always-on device which means to use the
system you have to have the internet now
I thought it was bullshit there is no
fucking way that Microsoft is gonna make
their system always on when there's so
many people who don't have the internet
and then the Microsoft creative director
Adam orth started tweeting a bunch of
bullshit to people talking crap because
they were complaining about the system
being always on he said oh I won't buy a
vacuum cleaner because I don't have
electricity right now or oh I'm not
gonna buy a mobile phone because I have
spotty reception and then he goes to say
deal with it
with a picture of Obama oh just deal
with it if you don't like it
who cares mm you gotta deal with it no
we don't have to deal with it because
there's another system coming out that
we can buy it's called the ps4 and it
comes out this year - I think maybe you
forgot about that one but if this shit
don't get fixed I'm gonna buy a ps4 I am
NOT gonna waste fucking $600 on a system
that I have to have connected to the
Internet to even play the fucking game
that I want to play to begin with you
got people who live in bad areas with
poor internet reception you got people
who can't afford the Internet you got
people who this is ridiculous I can't
compute the fact that you would make a
system that you have to have the
Internet to even play it so he says
almost everything we have is always on
Oh everything is always on so I'm gonna
test it I'm gonna go check my fucking
email with the microwave give me a
second
me go check my fucking emails
give me a second Bridget I'm gonna check
my email with the microwave real quick
it's not doing anything no I don't wanna
do that fuck how can we can't check our
email with the microwave it's completely
absurd that you would make a system that
requires online access to even use it I
can't put it any better than this guy go
check out this video check out what the
fuck he has to say about it what no I'm
busy talking about Xbox hey guess what
the next Xbox to even play a game in it
you have to have the Internet so if you
don't have internet access you can't
even play it that's stupid or what
we're gonna be ps4 owners
