why make you play this stuff people want
to see they want to see you at your
family reunion making a plate I better
not say family reunion mama see it and
think she wasn't invited did you get the
videos up no I just saw a sedative this
morning
a certain time because if you don't eat
now I'm putting it all away no one other
than one of the games I got that she can
be right up on it and so make the shot
for sure all the film you making you
play I don't want to make my plate go
make your plate all right well we we had
Easter dinner at Laurie's why didn't you
eat feel like it was good I'm good after
that chicken was good I cannot believe
you made that chicken how come you don't
make that chicken for us
you put care when you make for other
people when you cook for us I'm kind of
the president the people are kind of
risky it was really good chicken wasn't
it yeah you you embarrass me you know
man let me get all this done I am
dangerous oh look here ass so where's
your Easter bonnet ain't gonna be here's
your Easter bonnet you can cram your
finger up on it oh good alright so happy
Easter from a ground ball yeah god no
don't scream yeah yeah hey no yeah
subscribe yes don't subscribe subscribe
to my channel Bridget west no whole day
do that because we won't bring it to go
into the Olive Garden
