I don't believe in this stuff myself I'm
not trying to scare anybody or offer
some like solution to you know life I
don't know any of that okay I'm really
sorry if I offended anybody oh cool
I made another prediction what the end
of the world
why
you know the stuff doesn't mean anything
you know that yes but apparently I
called for the end of the world don't
say it in 2029 come on folks look at
this I wrote this on July 4 2012 it says
scared for the year 2029 the asteroid is
coming leaving and coming back and I
wrote a little diagram of an asteroid
coming to a near collision possible
collision with the earth but then coming
back Cline and then I put down sit down
be humble
look sit down be humble sit down be
humble that's a coincidence
but yeah whatever spirit never believed
never because it's never a thing it is
the thing first things first
what's happening in the Year 2029 let's
look it up if there's an asteroid
they'll know about it how about that
it'll be written down
it'll be documented it's not good
meeting some surprise asteroid they know
about all asteroid attacks they got my
documents like your 3,000 we're fine
let's look hey Siri Google search
asteroid 2029 what give me a second for
me read this first what are you just
gonna realize your swagger you let me
feel you film this because I'm just
happening and I want to film it I want
to document this Oh
are you recording to turn it off Isaac
or Dean decom asteroid will pass so
close to Earth in 2029 it will trigger
asteroid Avalanche what is that I don't
know what
you're yelling at me here what did I do
the more pessimistic amundo readership
might have already been digging bunkers
in their backyards an anticipation on
April 13th 2029 on that day of Friday
it's Friday the 13th an asteroid called
9 94 whatever of forfeits will come per
and asteroids coming real close to 2029
okay doesn't say it's coming back oh
great what now one day 29 past might be
the last chance astronomers have to get
a close-up look for a long time when its
next orbit in 2036 so what's coming back
so it's gonna miss and come back so we
may be getting hit with an asteroid in
2036 we might be getting hit with an
asteroid in 2036
why are you like freaking out about this
because I don't want to die well you're
gonna someday your mother the one that
had to break this to you you had to find
out for me it happens everybody dies
what is this 2017 27 but that's only 20
I'm 40 what it's only 20 years from now
maybe 50 what have you buried next to
each other what up what's going on you
guys can't behind the end of the world
here 44 year old bridgett here put your
chill okay guys put this in a time
capsule whoever is watching this into
the future I called it I don't talk
about it it's which I'm being sarcastic
it's just a coincidence it has to be a
coincidence
and if it's not and if it's not then 50
year old Michael's gonna watch the world
shatter I'll be right there with Staub
okay I'll be there with you no because
the quarter our books I die alone so
I don't know a second okay this is off
the rails this is not why I wanted to do
this guy's a gather been following
Bridgette thinks I'm psyching she made
me pull out some notebooks that proved
Oh a psychic I'm gonna die before you're
50 what are you - I'm done with all this
okay this is too much okay let's get the
bug started trying to forget about all
that you guys okay number one I really
don't think the end of the world is near
okay it's just a weird prediction I
don't talk about that anymore right now
though you guys right now it's time for
us to do a little bit of cooking I have
not done cooking for a long time one of
the biggest reasons is we've been trying
to lose weight and I realize I've been
eating something flawed but you guys
I've been doing the elliptical every day
what's swimming up until it started to
get cold again so I am trying believe it
or not tonight is freezing so cold that
Felix left his little cubby I'm not
gonna bother you
he's like what are you doing what are
you up to something shifty I'm sorry I
wanted to feel me by the windowsill he's
not anderson felix has zero interest in
like dealing with me at all all right go
ahead there he goes
cats got it all figured out man don't
you wish that we could jump up high
distances like that not like break our
legs like I can't even jump on the bed
when I hurt myself like oh man I twisted
something meanwhile Felix just jumped
the equivalent of like 100 feet and he's
fine guys it is really cold tonight the
weather is freezing so tonight boom
we're making chili here's all the
ingredients that you're gonna need let's
get started do I have a full recipe no
I'm gonna wing it
absolutely we're gonna start I'll put a
little bit of olive oil in a pan and
adding in a mixture of green peppers
onions and celery Oh what is that thing
let's get you out there okay cooking all
right you guys so I sauteed these up and
to begin to a nice translucent powder
yeah they're gonna keep cooking
as the chilli cook because this cooks
like two hours so next up meat Oh does
that impress up no then I'm gonna do it
until it is Hey cracking an egg
I can make sure that fate wasn't there
okay it's not it was probably that was
impressive was it yeah you did good
yes are you guys I'm just gonna start
mashing this up like this until it's
brown hook together what are you filming
I'm cooking uh-huh Matt all right guys
so this is what it looks like with
Michael beats it with me mash is my
hamburger meat why isn't so bad to say
because are you thinking of now that my
meat is semi brown I'm gonna go ahead
and add some garlic
the reason I'm waiting I waited this
long to add garlic because if you burned
garlic it is disgusting I know my god
I've just done it her cooking before
once and it was very disgusting and
embarrassing
burnt garlic is a very sharp flavor you
guys so please don't overcook it don't
burn it be very careful with garlic this
should be alright I'm blending into some
brown meat with some onions and peppers
and stuff so it should be good but until
the next step you know Bridget when
you're filming universe sauce on the pop
like 45 minutes come on they want to see
the food not your face oh my god listen
learn my meat is Brad you guys not you
adding a little beach ball not much not
a lot of beef broth just enough
and that's it that's chilly into chilli
seasoning packets okay guys usually I
would use my own seasonings but for some
reason we don't have chili powder which
we usually always have but we don't so I
have no choice we have chili powder but
we just didn't feel like doing it don't
lie you're making me look at oh we don't
okay we have it okay this is the easy
way it's just like it's the same it's
the same stuff yeah okay
I've added the seasoning now you should
have a chili meaty mixture let me start
adding one kind of sauce oh yeah
right back pinto beans I'm drained
not all of them he's nervous pinto beans
or not know why I'm hiding it richer I'm
going as I go you got to stop calling me
outta my recipe okay there is a recipe
dark red kidney beans nose I will use
all of them all right why all those and
not because pinto beans aren't very
common we use pinto beans oh so you're
gonna add the add more later and very
angry with you oh my goodness there's
another can I need it more stop making
fun of me I am NOT okay I'm laughing it
up in situation now explain us I'm get
tired of it now oh stop stop it
it's tomatoes sir it's peridot oh man I
bet it's so good no you're not allowed
to have it
because you just mmm I don't once it
were just yeah just say I crapped okay
just say that I want to say poop in this
film hey you know I'm kidding
chewy is done you guys Bridget get a
shot of it oh so excited this has been
cooking for hours you guys here's a good
shot at it
it's a little loose right now but it's
gonna thicken as it sits but we're not
waiting for that we want it now
guys this been cooking so long the Sun
is gone but the Sun is like I'm going to
bed it's say you seeing other people
the sun's gone guys it's a day we're
making chili Frito pie
step one is cheese at the bottom of this
bowl oh yeah extra cheese extra cheese
boom bang um now this chili isn't so hot
this just gonna freakin melt it so I'm
putting a little chili over that next up
they're repeating me was not necessary
folks gonna little amaura freedoms
Freedom cheese alright that's all the
cheese are there's more cheese coming
okay you just you just leave this really
cheap chili you're getting this thing
all right all right now though those
layers are complete triple cheddar
cheese this is a different cheese those
are the top of that oh my gosh folks
this is where we get interesting nobody
else does this we do well they do this
part actually sour cream boom nice
dollop
wellis huh yeah let us let us ask you a
question
and of course tomato what what there it
is folks chili Frito pie let's give this
a taste sour cream on now
oh you can't try it
mm-hmm give it a minute smile burn your
mouth there you go Oh chili Frito pie
how is it amazing sorry girl you can't
have none of this oh my god I love chili
night we've been waiting for the
temperature to drop just enough all year
like chili its chili time and the chili
time yet yeah it's chili time we make
chili Frito pie you can also get
tortilla chips and dip into that more
crackers yeah I'm doing that SEC however
you want your chili we only have a wind
bowl off camera there's no rules
guys let's go do some more of this vlog
bank I have no clue with this seriously
I know like I thought it was seconds
until I die right why would it be that
so because I don't know your dark guys
Bridget has been trying to find this for
years I wrote it on her anniversary and
sometimes she would just randomly bring
it up to me you wrote this thing with
numbers one time and I'm pretty sure
that's how long I have left to live if
you don't believe it she does constantly
blue I don't know what you're thinking
and I'm like no I'm not a psychic what
did that guy have left and she literally
has tears running down her freakin eyes
God she has gone to doctors appointments
thinking she has lung cancer over this
like one time I woke up it's like 4:00
in the morning
I'm going to the doctor like what just
lung cancer and of course shouldn't have
it but you need to chill and it's all
because of this all over hyper contract
bs is because of this and another thing
well that's god isn't it we're not
talking about that's another prediction
where i said she was going to die of
lung cancer smoking i told you how many
times I don't believe I made up a
prediction one time so she quit smoking
so I told her I was like I'm taking my
time okay sure that's a prediction I
think and she totally bought it I was
lying I freaked I don't believe you okay
Bridget whatever they quit smoking what
are you doing guys okay we're trying to
do this scene now so guys this is what
Bridget has been trying to find and
we're trying to figure out what these
little with these numbers mean okay so
show it to them we'll see if they can
decipher it before us okay guys we're
getting to work what if this is our two
social security numbers combined oh my
gosh Michael what if it's how many
seconds are left that we're together
well it's taken down I know what if it's
a phone number two seven four three four
three eight eight three nine three six
alright what if this is a prediction of
my future wait okay so what I'm trying
to say you're gonna wait 2,700 and oh my
you were always bad at math okay Bridget
all right excuse me 27,000 for 274th
seriously what is this dude is it a code
well mean I assume yes a code otherwise
I'm just being straight up for a number
like like oh yeah budget true love never
died
2 7 4 3 4 3 a semi
bridges are the numbers on a cell phones
breathing the same as the numbers that
are on a house phone screen probably
there's bridging had a really good idea
what if it is a coded message using the
touch town on a phone there are letters
right so 274 would be ABC PQRS GHI right
and then so on and so forth so what
exactly would that equal out to let's
figure it out can't hurt
okay so this is the letters that we get
using those numbers on a phone all of
this to spell anything all right
let's put our common sense together and
just try my name or your name
trailer-park figure it out it's a little
park trailer park that's it we'll try it
it's first ones a b c okay
what did you say try my name or your
name
Bridget west
oh my god I'm a frickin genius
why Keiko I underlined it oh good firing
crimes do the outro so there it is you
guys
the secret coded message is Bridget West
and Bridget west figured it out so are
you happy now you now you know it's not
expecting to death I mean yeah I might
frame it and put it somewhere yeah it's
a good idea so guys here it is the coded
message guys I'm not a psychic okay
that's number one she's just happy that
she's learned it's not seconds till
death that's all I know
guys let's do this outro well that's
gonna be up for today you guys thanks
for watching that's the end of the
pickle boys a psychic saga okay I don't
wanna talk about it it's not the end of
it yes it's just the beginning
oh god a new beginning
okay guys it's over I'm not a psychic a
lot of coincidences
you saw my notebooks you saw my secret
messages
you saw my predictions there's some
stuff that I couldn't show for family
you know reasons but it is what it is
guys we're gonna get out of here thanks
for watching thank you for sticking with
us this whole time and watching and
enjoying the vlogs I don't want to talk
about anymore the spooky stuff it's time
to get back to just a regular playing
October I'm ready to enjoy my good now
okay like subscribe favorite fun
everything just and that's wait being
that you're psychic I'm not psychic
you're psychic
why don't we find the weeds you are
