hey young as as much as he's frightened
me I had to get him back and I got him I
got him good fourth time I've got him
with the dying shit going on you guys
keep me on the camera here and grandpa
just pranked me I'm not gonna get into
details cuz I'm not putting up the video
but I just want to say you pranked me
I'm not putting it up who'd you just
chomping down over there eating snacks
I got ya
you're real proud of yourself on this
one yeah yeah yeah ah you wait your your
return prank is gonna be bad oh I'm
gonna prank you back you know this and I
don't write you again
you're not gonna prank me again oh yeah
how many priests do you have in your
gonna die again not I cannot wanna you
know what anyway I'm gonna get off now I
don't want to film anymore like
subscribe favorite you've got your
Michael I don't want to keep talking
I'll keep going baby you look you got
like you got bad breath you want to give
me mouth-to-mouth fuck this shit I am
good breath yo you a bad breath I don't
smoke I don't got yeah you got
gingivitis oh shit yeah one weakness and
you take advantage of it you look sick
how did you look sick ah I guess I are
you dancer you are sick sick enough oh
yeah yeah you are fucking one sick
individual Eddie you got about there I
used to that's what I should've done
oh you're going to give you those badges
and stuff like tugging your fuckin mouth
yeah that would have been it I was not
punching you fuck this man I'm not
filming anymore like subscribe favorite
all this shit how're you doing thousands
ibague lay up what you wear
oh you beautiful no I'm not doing that
now you know I'm not doing it now
problem you have your sign is gonna be
so fucked up at Walmart Yeah right it's
gonna be the worst line you can imagine
I wish it the same like I shit in my bed
or out here you better key will care
when you want it's time to put that on
one I'm zooming on your face the face of
evil
