what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here making a quick video to let
you guys know that next Wednesday
angry grandpa's gonna be in the
Charleston City paper he went out today
to take photos for the shoot I was
involved as well check out some of the
footage you couldn't let me out you
fucking bitch just do it whore right now
thank you buddy
thank you buddy wait my buddy go squeeze
me out dude mother fuck get over thank
you
like should we knock on the door hey
guys five let's go
it says push this is the building yeah
dad wonders why I can't wear like
there's no way I'm wearing that you made
a little angry you're pissed that is if
I can past all right hey Ashley can I
borrow your purse it does get his
workout today no I love it
you burn off that Chinese food awesome
Charlie change so there you go
this Wednesday next Wednesday this one
what is it next one's head this one's a
virgin what well what is the correct
term to use next Wednesday this
Wednesday the 27th Wednesday March 27th
is that next Wednesday or is that this
Wednesday this one I don't know wait
next Wednesday this time so fuck that
wouldn't be this Wednesday the next one
that comes up ah fuck it the 27th
Wednesday March 27th that's when this
thing's gonna air whatever like
subscribe favorite me if you do that so
I plug it i had no response subscribe
you are good yes I'm safe Oh
