what's going on you guys keeping on a
camera here I got a bit of a cold right
now we're sitting here watching UFC
right now in effect and I just wanted to
let you guys know right now if you go to
the Hammond hustle which is Paul
Heyman's website you can check out an
exclusive finger grab ball video it's
some extra footage from when it
destroyed the table so the link is below
here's a preview for the nails I told
you the mouse it's like I said check out
the link below go see the video share it
comment here I guess because I don't
think you can post comments over there I
don't know how that site works but so
post some comments
oh shit guy just slipped anyway this is
the first fight for UFC on FX UFC 158
starts in a minute go check out the
video links below like favorite
subscribe all that shit I'm gone check
out the video
