look at their grandpa is washing
Bridget's car shut up privately off
video shut up
we may have been that within a year that
table was going to be destroyed because
he flipped it all the time
this table can can take a fucking elk
and sitting on the motherfucker
which is significant of him sitting his
foot on it to rest but when he said he
would never destroy this table it would
never break so we made a bet that he
would destroy it and he destroyed it and
now he's cleaning Bridget's car as a
result I enjoy watching your car get
washed love it and need of it hey Jimmy
you enjoyed watching Papa clean the car
yeah spray that hood with that super
strength Mean Green yeah you're the Mean
Green is your nose running ooh like I
talked to you
I'm surprised you're doing it dad's a
man of his word I got to give it to him
I don't lie as far as you remember
making the bet do that drip of snot on
your nose is disgusting what's happening
to you you're melting what we got with
the car topper give it a hose oh now
dad's delegated his work to somebody
else because we don't want to
so don't you trust us try it then I
don't get it no supposed to be so cos
well he does I guess you get to respray
it Jesse don't spray the wheels go wet
better resign call with me fine you want
to help cleaning your own car kind of
all right
go help what does that writer say you
know bend over and fart I swear to God I
just heard like a little pop he knew he
farted goddamn oh yeah get that bird
shit
all right go around side how to bridge
end up cleaning her own car on the bet
don't drive Gooden clear this don't
worry about me they dry it you don't
have to wash it off ever just dries
clear you just drive hear something on
the bottom it's seven dollars that's
your big penny object that's the desk
grandpa's big ticket item what am i
doing this year you lost a bet I didn't
get the recorder but he also cleaned the
interior that's where I got the wise
idea to show you doing it and now as we
end time I get closer on the table that
was destroyed so grandpa could do this
and the grill he just bought all right
dad say it through what what you have to
say you know what you have to say you
lost the bet now say it now you know
what you gotta say between for the queen
of what I don't know
