what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here and today I just want to
make a quick video to ask you to vote
for some other people on the funk volume
don't fuck up the beat contest volume 5
it's the longest running hip hop
competition on the Internet
what's going on for five years I entered
it of course but I'm not asking you to
vote for me I got some other people that
I want you guys to consider to check
them out click their links and just see
what you think so we're gonna go ahead
and start off with number one sock OSIS
I'm open to damn when they get up in the
place and a split up in two rounds in
the middle but you pay someone how to
met a couple with a guillotine blade and
nothing to kill them all in the middle
of the day how could you ever ignore the
guy on composition will surely die why
are you standing there looking like a
mother fucking hater so horrified
somebody better be hitting a pops and
let the nigger know that I am a problem
niggas be runnin into their cover
whenever psychotic asylum is sharp and
the boys making the sickest of rhythms I
can t remember my job is shit you should
be asking the nigger right next to you
if you don't know who's Otto's affairs
Bridgette that's psychosis damn
that's how coasters are I've been told I
got a beside me who psychosis is number
two
we're gonna go to it it's cryptic wisdom
you guys gotta check this shit out
but never want to get a little sheet
whenever I bleed on the V no reason to
be anything but me I got Steve when your
bill is fuck money comes don't be the
one to work for it make it work for you
don't hurt do what you gotta do to move
toward it you see the way the day goes
on whether or not that you
out of bed and this is why I've got a
show yeah but you don't let it ride in
my hot fire fucking fire number three
we're gonna go to it
dubs now I can spit it all cocky and
brash like you're never stopping ain't
nobody knocking me back then whoops
probably got him thinking Ali was back
fuck man I'm not even mad I got my same
beat I used hot entry check that shit
out
sick number for Playboy the Beast come
let me get you receptive rip it the
slash of a sacrilege ain't no pacifist
active just different activists eat
cookies leverage answers you've given F
levy flats if it has to fit go too fast
to get classes and start smashing shit
passionate with a blaster master with no
emotion of sex and this raper NASA
Bradley with no lotion savage to kill
you fast you can do it it's slow motion
fuck appealing to the masses I'm showing
them so potent
in the recent sodomy spoken you can poke
and get too close in you Joker's don't
get broken rigor mortis to the moment
issues go since you over him with a row
phenomena commence till they see this
devotion that shit was Beeston click the
link below
vote for playboy the Beast and last but
not least number five is seven demmick I
gotta like me but you will respect
barely even got up in the building yeah
me killing them yes brilliant fresh flag
on a hundred for cotillion rapper in the
cpt you could tell if you see me spend
another leap with a bad that's freak
when the beat peak rough niggas look at
me greasy little boy found my mojo open
the morgue now I'm on the next level
with the pedal down and yes I go mold it
before Papa he made this beat and I'm
off real ladies heat to the meat FB put
me in the seat to freak disease liver
dreams increasing to be no based on last
year I now can gauge and expectation how
to make it not about a contest but to
get them obsessed with the best trick
them into patrons epidemic is my name
and I'm dying all the time I step my
game up with that flames so seriously
jokes aside all that bullshit aside
check out those links you can find them
below if you go to their part of the
video you can also click the link to see
their video but you can also click below
to see the Facebook vote links so click
send to vote to some of these guys man
cuz they spend a lot more time on this
shit than I did and this shit came out
fucking good they deserve a lot more
attention on this shit they deserve a
lot more votes so check that shit out
like subscribe favorite don't fuck up
the beat say something Bridget subscribe
don't do that click the links below
I'm clicking her off now you don't want
to do any of that stuff
you will discredit yourself if you
follow her on any of that thing you got
Instagram now yeah she that's right
you're addicted to Instagram before you
do any of that vote below and my dogs
are fighting subscribe to me first also
tomorrow I got a video coming out well
grandpa
lost a bet you'll see about that
tomorrow he's got a clean bridges car
you'll see
tomorrow
