keep you on camera here and I'm sure by
now a lot of you realize that I'm a huge
wrestling fan but what a lot of you
don't realize is I'm an even bigger
mixed martial arts fan I'm huge into UFC
I used to really love Strikeforce before
they you know met their fate I try to
watch Bellator fight as often as I can
but the presentation is just I don't
watch Bellator fight so anyway all that
shit aside I wanted to make this video
just to bring light to a fight that I've
been waiting for for a long fucking time
Nick Diaz vs. George st. Pierre this
Saturday on pay-per-view UFC 158 for the
welterweight championship and before I
go any further check this out
I don't think Jordans hurt I think he's
scared
this is a fight that I've been waiting
for for a fucking long time it's been
sidelined through suspensions and
injuries and Oh an array of shit talking
and finally it's gonna get settled this
Saturday when hopefully Nick Diaz takes
the welterweight championship home to
Stockton now I'm going for Nick Diaz if
you don't know I'm wearing the mix Diaz
sharp right now which I ordered from MMA
warehouse this is his walk out shirt
he's going to be coming to the Octagon
with on Saturday so if you want to get
one for yourself check out the link
below this is where I got it I remember
when I was a kid and good grandpa
ordered UFC for him he was like New
Year's Eve 2000 or some shit and it was
on all fucking night dude and I was
watching that and he had like a
different like idea of what UFC was I
had never seen it before but he had a
different idea he was like you were like
this year you're like the pros this
shoot I see the motherfucker whoop
another guy's leg off and beat his
goddamn ass with it now he didn't see
that he did not see some guy drew up
another guy's leg off and beat the shit
out of him with his own leg in UFC but
that was what the media perceived mixed
martial arts as back then know who my
god is its brutality oh my god
no mixed martial arts is not as brutal
as everybody tries to make it out to be
there are rules
there's sanctions there's regulations
fucking mixed martial arts needs to be
in the Olympics
instead of taking shit out like
wrestling and keeping in beer pong or
whatever the fuck is still in the
Olympics these days why don't you put
that back and implement mixed martial
arts anyway all that shit aside this
Saturday UFC 158 on pay-per-view click
the link below to order you the Nick
Diaz walk out T for UFC 158 I know I'm a
huge nerd I know I'm huge I know I'm fat
I had to find a shirt that fit me at MMA
warehouse but I got it
2x fuck it that's it
like subscribe favorite and Bridget this
next parts for you because you begged me
to fucking do it
did you click the shirt below and order
it oh good
good now you can click this video or
this video I'm not flipping anybody else
nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah
nah
and I don't watch jeopardy I'm too
stupid
it's the white boy arm swing click the
link I'm getting tired this one or this
one this video sucks this video sucks
just choose one cuz they both suck oh
shit some Arby's coupon free classic
roast beef and cheddar should have text
message I'll check that while you decide
don't worry about me click one of the
fucking legs and run check by text okay
what's going on I don't got time for
this shit dude click the link I'm gonna
go play with some wrestlers with go
ahead
GSP you endanger girl now you best click
one of them links right here this one oh
this one what the heck is dead oh all
right seriously I'm out
