what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here and I just want to let you
know that one that noise in the
background is Brigitte playing Tomb
Raider cuz I gave up and she's a lot
further than me and to that hey Bridget
shhh to that the funk volume contest is
now open so click below and you can vote
for me click the link and click vote
just just do it and if you don't know
what I'm talking about here's a clip I
got the shear strength of a god so we'll
do my hairy palms this is very yard
Rocky taking weary shots think I'm
hearing thoughts what the fuck is going
no one had a rap about my weight just
turned into a different song on top oh
my god this is where I'm getting that
wrong hi my name is Chris Dorner tell me
sorry you look hot
so now I'm gonna try and freestyle to
get you to click the link below
I don't freestyle I don't pretend to
know how to freestyle so I'm gonna try
to I'm gonna try to freestyle here so
oligo
click the link down below I wanna win
yeah I know this rhyme blows I can't rap
and bellows right there she ain't scared
she's gonna lunge at me and bite hair
cuz I'm hairy
yeah this raps scary come to my house
and six feet you get buried what the
fuck am I talking about
it's fucking ah I can't freestyle
Bridget I know you're ashamed of me now
I'm not I'm half the man freestyle Bella
come back over and lick me Bella don't
lick me please it's sickening so that's
it click my link Bella's crying boat
bone every fucking day yeah like Bridget
said vote
Bridget said vote liriko 1 3 what the
fuck am i doing man I can't free my mind
is blank and I can't fucking rhyme I'm
just a white boy but I do it all the
time
I sound like Krispy Kreme when I
and I like Krispy Kreme Doughnuts cuz
I'm fat I got bad on my back and it's
hairy like my face this dis taste in my
mouth makes me sick when I say when I
spray venom Bridgette died on the game
yeah i ryan game with Krispy Kreme no i
didn't it's insane i can't freestyle i
should be so ashamed cuz i can't rhyme
every time that I try it's a shame it's
a sham when I go to blow flow I said
blow fuck I don't blow dudes I eat pussy
and you know Bella's right behind me her
eyes glow in the light see she wants to
attack me man I think she wants to bite
me Bella don't command me Bella don't
attack me Bella don't jump at me baby
don't you smack me Bella I might hit you
Bella
I'll abuse you Bella you're my animal
baby I fucking fuck
