so strangely I said that I would rather
be broken down at checkers and then
Jennifer was broken down at checkers yes
very strange how weird is that see guys
Michael goes in these psychic phases is
it weird
absolutely but guess what all the stuff
were saying I can't vouch for I don't
remember the notebooks the notebooks are
gone without the notebooks it's over
with okay what's going on you guys keep
me on the camera here right baby and
today we are going on a certain no we're
not yes we are guys if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog Bridget tried to make
the case that I'm a psychic and number
one I don't believe in psychics okay I
think that most psychics are disgusting
you're not all of them okay I'm not
gonna you know crap on all psychics but
I do think most of them are disgusting
because they prey on people when they're
weak and vulnerable and I'm not that I
don't believe in that kind of stuff
because you're a real psychic but
Bridget seems to think there have been
times in our relationship where I have
predicted the future and part of me I
can't deny it because that stuff did
happen but I think it's a coincidence I
don't I think it's real it is a
coincidence Bridget okay just because
you don't believe in something doesn't
mean it's not real if you didn't see
yesterday it ended with bridges saying
that my notebooks that would prove what
she's saying are upstairs and we didn't
go upstairs last night because hey it's
haunted up there it's pretty scary there
is a spirit okay living in our attic and
I don't like it that's a joke by the way
but seriously it is terrifying up there
I don't want to go upstairs that's why
we didn't go up today we're going up yes
during the day your course started am I
going tonight kidding me guys we're
going upstairs
we're going to look for those notebooks
and if they don't exist we drop it here
right yes okay if they're not up there
we drop it okay okay we're about to walk
upstairs you guys and if you're seeing
this part of the vlog that means we did
find the notebooks okay and if we did
find the notebooks I want to have a
scene to explain something because
you're gonna see a lot of fake CD covers
because that's one of the things that I
I'm really weird you guys I'll get a
notebook and all right made-up CDs with
fake track listings from artists that I
listen to and it's super weird I don't
know if anybody else in the world does
that I think it's just me but I'll be
like okay everyone's gonna put out an
album called impact and track one it's
gonna be called this and this and that
and I don't know why I do it but I
wanted to explain it to you before you
see it so you don't get confused why I
did it
we're going upstairs let's look for
those notebooks no one isn't I know we
have them well go since off thrown away
I didn't throw them away I'm pretty sure
I did
if you did we're breaking up you would
break out Lou because I threw the
notebooks away yes
and I bet you're serious there would be
officially over they were just notebooks
why would I keep them cuz they're
important important to me where should I
start
I guess check some boxes man we really
got organized
whose might be mine though from college
really good psych yeah I think they are
unless I wrote chapter 1 introduction to
psychology which is exactly what this is
this is an introduction to psychology
man I love that class the psychology of
a crazy person you're not crazy or just
psychic I'm not psychic
okay fine your pickle boy this is the
future
did you see this these are all yours
okay so we'll move on to another box
Picabo eyes predictions everyone stop
we're gonna find these no fuss stop like
being goofy about it okay why because
they're not anything they're cool no
they're not
we better find them there's nothing
predicting in them we're gonna better
find them we better find them
come on there's a colossal waste of time
alright check this box what is that
Oh fake names my wrestling toys oh don't
even film that guys I need to say wait I
wonder if there's any real names on
there sob oh my gosh I'll remember these
fans them to us Oh awesome that is make
sure I kept them there's so much soap we
need to hang the forgotten prank I
remember but dad's house for and I'm
like look at it why are you gonna do it
I don't know other stuffs are happening
why that broke something Michael a
notebook it looks old and dingy it's one
of them Hey
most of them filling raps and stuff are
go
oh here's the one thing you saw you
asked him about it is I need to look at
it this there's nothing hidden in this I
need to see it show it to the screen so
they can look and we can move past it
okay you got it like come on
well what it just says 11 1608 I love
you
and what about the numbers in the middle
- seven how many seconds left I haven't
oh I'm dead
do you believe that I do like like sir
so what do you think of me I think
you're really in touch with the universe
guitar - like looking at this stuff now
I want to analyze it off-camera though
okay
oh here's one one of my fake M&M CDs Oh
get a shot of that see if there's
anything predicted an end okay got it
yeah I was calling a flatline or impact
the data read this was 10 309 huh
tracked him one I need a doctor
no way I dare top I need a doctor oh
there's a star by edge which meeting
goes gonna be a single difficult memory
that's all yeah that's a leap song it's
difficult as it sounds I don't see
anything else so bad no longer afraid oh
man I told you guys okay
coincidence no so everybody's aware the
CD with note was not afraid and I need a
doctor that stuff came out like three
years later you know guys Mike was so
skeptical that even if a real ghost was
right here it was like foo you're gonna
haunt you
he don't believe it I would think that
my mind was like
like blood or air some air oxygen
remember this one remember I ripped it
in half yeah I remember that we got into
a fight one day you guys she was saying
that I need to write that it's a gift
and that I should probably do it and I
was like it's nothing it's not a gift I
don't believe in any of it I ripped the
book but it is a gift no it's not yes it
is no it's a Buddhist
it's a Christmas list everyone's getting
gift cards it looks like oh my gosh gift
cards another fake M&M CD this should
prove to you guys that I really did do
this yeah I make fake it so I'm going to
do when I get bored I'll make fake lists
of music and I'll pretend that it's a
real CD sometimes I'll even sing it like
I'll be like wrapping the songs to
myself this one was called the Empire
interesting
none of these songs exist that I'm
saying so guys remember these cuz they
come out in the next CD there's your
proof oh my gosh what if there's gonna
be a new album cause the Empire yeah I
doubt it
I think I mean using the Empire for a
long time this one I do remember this my
oldest one these all those one that I
remember keeping yeah isn't that one
third rest in the apartment yes oh nine
oh nine guys we lived an apartment 909
eh that was our we moved there in 2012
2011 yeah 2012 my exes ain't moving
there in 2012 it was apartment 909 eh
and as you can see SS does this mean
something happens in September this year
909 so this was written in 2009 never of
909 a which was our very first apartment
number and another fake M&M Phoebe right
there guys I can't take a little bit
look at this
that's the cub that's the cover for
recovery yeah Eminem walking down the
highway that's crazy
and I strapless thing I wrote was gone
through changes proof of life my life no
longer afraid I'm so bad
wacky blonde white trash party while I
said white trash parentheses party bound
for space cinderella story this seems
fate but it's real let me see it there's
too many wait dead on the nails like you
know frickin white trash party that's on
that CD ok space-bound cinderella story
love when you live featuring Rihanna
next to my pissed I'll put my put fist
that time better last time quote damn
while this time says fist I don't know a
Bridget is it weird yet my celebrity
death cool 2009 can I even show this
it's really offensive I'd show it guys
every uses he knows predictions nothing
every year I used to make a celebrity
Deadpool who I thought was gonna died
that year
this was 2009
Bea Arthur David Carradine DJ am
brittany murphy patrick swayze
michael jackson all those people died in
jail tonight and they're on this list
but there are people who's not on it
Britney Spears she's still alive Michael
C Hall Dexter he's still alive
David Faustine Paul Heyman me you're on
there I wrote me suicide oh my god I got
a sick sense of humor or at least I used
to okay yeah hell I'm weird man you're
not weird
oh here it is fascinating here it is
this my friend is what made Brigid make
me want to start writing this was the
family death list this I don't want to
show it
should we not show this let's show it
I wrote this may 2nd 2009 on this list I
wrote how all of my family was gonna die
including myself me old sad and alone
okay that's great that's comforting uh
my aunt I'm sorry - my cousins I'm gonna
write them after I do this I'm sorry
that I'm bringing this up on a video I
wrote the man Charlene was going to die
early 2013 of lung cancer she died New
Year's Eve 2012 her funerals early 2013
and she had a was it Nana yeah she had
pneumonia and there was like a blood
clot or something in her lungs or
something so that's weird
now the weirdest is your grandfather now
you can vouch for me on this Bridget did
I not show you this a year before yeah
now I have written
Bridget's grandfather Sumner may 2nd
2010 84 happy but next year and he died
May 2nd 2010
now I can't explain that one we've
talked to your grandmother about IX I I
explained to everybody because I don't
know I don't know a presidential list oh
this is interesting
we have Obama winning two terms Hillary
Clinton wins the next term is that so
they do proof Oh
it's proof fishin did Hillary win maybe
she was supposed to next Donald Trump
who's the next two now I wrote this in
2009 yeah okay Donald Trump and then I
said the next person will be comedian
somebody like Jimmy Kimmel or Jon
Stewart that would be awesome
come on there's no way that would be
awesome
there you go you guys there it is my
notebooks a lot of it we cut out because
some of it is a respect thing there's
names and people that I can't show so I
had to cut some of it out it's one of
those things you know I've always done
it I've always wrote these things and I
don't have an explanation for you guys
that's the weirdest thing about me you
know I really want to take a minute to
apologize if this offended anybody
because you know people get really
sensitive over spirituality and like
what they believe and I'm not trying to
change anybody's beliefs I don't believe
in this stuff myself I'm not trying to
scare anybody or offer some like
solution to you know life I don't know
any of that okay I'm really sorry if I
offended anybody oh cool
I made another prediction what the end
of the world
