what's going on you guys today I'm going
to try the new Doritos los tacos Cool
Ranch taco and it a get the fancy little
blue but it is the Cool Ranch taco see
we can get some of that color so anyway
here it goes better try it this is the
test day comes out tomorrow but is you a
sport you give today secret inside of
shit oh oh it's better than the cheddar
it's delicious oh they strict it one per
customer so I'm thinking bridge and I
are gonna go back as new customer see
the drive through this bridge I don't
want that element for me no no I want it
for me and I'm not kidding flip this hey
no I'm not joking mMmmm
ah how about you mean that's good thing
in the trash
boom on the trash your Mountain Dew
where is it oh right there
please keep the camera on my face no
what's wrong I don't know why they
forgot my chalupas I talked about bucket
I don't get to eat I get a Cool Ranch
one Cool Ranch - just Goku no that shit
didn't have any taste cool ranch Dorito
don't fucking get it
it didn't have a finish it tastes like a
taco little bit what honestly what did
you think
mmm be honest don't you like cuz you
hold the camera what did you think of
that Koresh Dorito taco photos it tastes
like a taco that was like left out or
something like those we had been running
with a lot about it I'm speaking he
rubbed it with excuse me general say to
me I can't have a fucking face
