what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here
I just wanted to post a quick video
telling the story that I just found out
today so tonight
Bridget wanted to go to Captain D's for
dinner and I don't eat seafood I hate
the shit I don't like fish I don't like
crab I don't like any of that but I used
to like to go to Captain D's because
they had good chicken like oh I love
Captain D's chicken yes and this is back
when I was about eight nine and ten and
eleven then probably twelve that would
come back with boxes of this cat Captain
D's chicken and I would eat the shit up
all the chickens mine and I would eat it
and I would enjoy it and I'll be happy
dad got Captain D's for dinner but I'll
be pissed if he got fish well tonight I
get the Captain D's my first time going
as an adult so I'm like okay here we go
some of this chicken of my childhood and
so I ordered the chicken and Bridget
orders for some fish platter and the
food comes and I'm like oh fuck they
changed the recipe of the chicken I'm
like this is totally different and I'm
eating in my yeah this is not right my
chicken looks like your fish Bridget
like here's a coupon the fish there I'm
like that's what the chicken used to
look like what the fuck happened to this
place and so Bridget gives me a piece on
her fish like I don't want and she makes
me eat it and I go that's the chicken
and it dawned on me and so I called dad
to verify said recollection said
Epiphany and I asked him I said dad when
we used to get Captain D's as a child
did you ever get the chicken and his
answer was exactly what I expected it to
be for blue goddamn chicken with too
damn expensive I just told you with
chicken so dad
had been giving me Captain D's fish for
years and just told me it was the
chicken I guess I was I've been craving
this chicken for the past I don't know
six mum's like I think I want some of
this Captain D's chicken and I went my
whole childhood was shattered in a
moment when I realized I'd been craving
fish because dad lied to me because he
didn't want to pay the extra money to
get me some chicken and so he just told
me that the fish was chicken I guess it
worked once and it stuck with me and I
always thought that it was chicken so
there you go that's my story
so like ooh so the story is Michael
likes fish and he never knew it I hate
fish she wasn't I hate fish I'm trying
on the fishes before those nasty this is
the batter it I like the batter I guess
he loves it moving past this moment in
life I'm now going to tell you about
something else that happened when we
were leaving Captain D's we saw there
was a blockbuster right next to it that
was closing and we went in and we rated
the fuck out of that store 75% off I was
getting $2 blu-rays and we robbed their
candy I got this big-ass rice krispies
treat fuck yeah but then as I was
leaving the guy he's asked me if I
wanted something he goes up hey yo you
want that Whoopi Goldberg thing on the
wall over there Mike
fuck yeah so come look what I got my new
Whoopi Goldberg that I'm gonna find a
place to put soon Molly you in danger
girl did Oh what the heck is dead oh
just say it dead Oh Sam we
