what's going on you guys kippie on a
camera here I'm sitting at home I just
put up the Harlem shake video so first
things first is I'm going to show you a
few outtakes from the Harlem shake video
because obviously we did a lot of
dancing so here's some of the dancing
without music that you didn't see
wasn't that great anyway now having said
all that we also did a 150,000
subscribers dress up video and I'm gonna
put that up in a couple of days I want
to give the whole shake up video a
couple of days to to be on the top of
the video so here's a preview of some of
that shit this getting bullshit now yeah
what the hell am I looking at don't hate
it ever seen oh man I got it away I was
John Surma bar
Bridget just called me and said people
pointing at us and shit
no I'm not down now I'm fine we doing
the video but this why I got to do all
the driving on the street I don't know
man pissing me the hell off
can I just take it off no got your wig
is hot this nose like cutting my face
I forgot my goddamn drugs you did yeah
I'll ask I'll just ask somebody got it
me
ready for today I'm Elvis brother thank
you
take your business all right oh my god
this is so yes I
oh no this one who made her boss of this
I said no what are you gonna do for
200,000 subscribers work this yours
gonna be vicious you were gonna we're
gonna be is this gonna be me now yes
this is just us we're caught in a trap
are you I'm angry grandpa Elvis
they're not making youtube videos she's
laughing at me it was embarrassing we
had to dress up like fucking clown and
Elvis and it was embarrassing but I did
it because I promised I would do it now
we got to come up with something for
Bridget 200,000 Bridget and Grandpa's
gonna do some shit I don't know what yet
we're gonna think help me think she'll
do it but if I had to dress him like
that clown okay post below in the
comments what you think Bridget and
grandpas doin nothing vulgar oh there
you have a sex tape nothing like that
what do you think they should do post it
in the comment I know what nothing
anyways so I leave you an extra clip of
the Harlem shake
alright pull the truck guys be quick
with this undress huh be quick we can't
miss two costly recording I got
