so I guess the Undertaker returned to
the WWE tonight at a house show in Texas
now what confuses me is if you're gonna
have a superstar like the Undertaker
returned why are you doing it at a house
show you ruined Monday Monday is now
ruined we all know that John Cena vs. CM
Punk is gonna happen
who the lights went out it's the shield
the shield is gonna come out no oh but
it's the Undertaker turn the bells we
know it's gonna happen now because you
ruined it because you let a superstar
like The Undertaker
who looks worse than ever by the way and
I don't care you're gonna say I look bad
I don't give a shit I'm not a
professional wrestler
The Undertaker looks like shit and it
came back to team with Sheamus and a
house show in Texas I don't know what
Vince is smoking his ideas are
antiquated he's an idiot and put the dog
down get him out of creative this is
enough The Undertaker's return should
have been saved I would have been
surprised Monday when the lights come
out damn fail that was instead I'm gonna
be disappointed because I already
guessed it was gonna happen I nice job
you have ruined for all for me I won't
watch it now I don't plan on saying it
anymore that's it at least at least we
had the thought that maybe CM Punk might
do a true hmm steam punk fucked over
again that means steam punk is gonna
lose at WrestleMania now he lost a
rumble he's losing to all these old
fuckers who only wrestle once a year why
are you burying CM pine that's it now
watching Raw Monday
