would you hurt your okay I got some for
today they give me anything I got you
what okay so you bother baby new your
custom you need a one-day no I do not
want to see your fat ass blubber or on
the goddamn know that make me sick I got
something better you know you were
younger a star that little company yeah
yeah I got you that star that little
company company yeah and you did not get
a round costume would I do that to you
okay
would I do that come on I'm pay a will
not dress oh I will absolutely not dress
at you soon you're gonna wear it and
you're gonna like it
I am you're gonna wear it says who say
your fans it sees me I agree the baby -
I didn't know you are not wearing no
diapers you're not gonna gross me out I
am not wearing that clown costume you
don't give me something else you're
gonna wear final decision me and prayed
about us say you're against me on this
what is she gonna wear 200,000 you were
getting something fucked up
she got wear nothing no 200,000 yeah
you'll see what I gotta wear yeah yeah
you wrote it I'm not wearing this I'm
not joking about this do you realize how
much of my life I've lived thinking
about that clown costume why do you
think I feel I'm caught in a trap
garbage man I'm not wearing the clown
cause we were the Elvis costume no I got
worthy you're the clown this everybody
likes a clown so why don't you for those
of you who don't know I have a big
problem dressed up wasn't a clown
because of a business dad used to have
check out the blog so I put on this
fucking clown suit I put on the fucking
makeup I'm holding this
fucking balloon I look like fucking John
Wayne Gacy I honestly look at John Wayne
Gacy and think of me in a clown costume
that's what the fuck I looked like two
o'clock Sunday substation I'm not doing
it oh I'll accidentally forget this is
bullshit you've got to do it I'm not
joking I've got to do it you're doing
that you fuck me up you're gonna be the
clown because you are a clown I'm
leaving
I will not dress up in this I know
you're afraid of them I'm not afraid of
clowns then why don't you like clown
because you baby dress up that's one was
horrifying memories I have
Yuval we're gonna do plan on it get a
good idea final decision I don't like
you
Opie all right yeah I'm not catching it
I'm not dressing up in it so man says to
God baby
this is bullshit substation it took me
all this time to get the courage to
dress up like a baby now just some of
the fucking clown costume I do not want
this bouquet without public I'm leaving
come on Bridget I refuse to wear it
you're wearing it I'm Lee I'm not
wearing it
