Oh TJ Harper I'm a role model bitch come
take a look at me I might be overweight
oh wait now that I mean obese be a
dropout fuck your school would be like
me you lose a rug alone and eating food
you big the other week and sucking mac
and cheese Jesus man I think I need a
friend to come and help me God I need a
person I can see I got a fan base for
nothing shit on music see I've been my
dad like every day and now my body stuff
already
take a look I'm bigger than I've ever
been and I don't mean I'm super famous
kid I'll meet my test the fucking huge
like a year before I'm getting at there
now I'm fucking fat arriving wagon
turning 26 for fucking hairspray yeah I
know it's very strange
they got keep leaving pointed at is so
embarrassing I'm overweight yeah I know
what people say from me but why did you
have to bury with my father's DNA switch
it up a little bit I got the sheer
strength of a god flowing through my
hairy palms this is very yard rocky
taking where he Shaw's think I'm hearing
thoughts what the fuck is going no one
had a rap about my weight just turned
into a different song I'm not falling
off this is where I'm getting it wrong
hi my name is Chris Dorner tell me sir
are you a cop I've even met abroad where
a small machete now tell
there goes our places inside us walking
up oh my god I think I need to take a
drag so something brought me up a
cigarette I'm getting mad
I'm the straightedge I don't smoke or
drink my dad what's the point of living
like the diet doesn't hurt to have like
I say the back crazy man I hate the ass
damn I need your exercise the lake and
then a place to crash face to face nose
has maybe I can make a fuck up ah but
first I need to grab a plate and then my
dreams a mask
Michael Myers I'm just a step past a
psychopath upset yeah I'm kind of mad I
got a blade the shredder Bonnie but I'm
out of bags I need a box and wide gallon
bags to make a stash of body parts are
loaded full of garbage and pretend it's
trash on the bus or my baby that is
split in half sick of picking Joseph
Armistead leg on the fuckin axe think
I'm gonna smash up hammers too before I
pack and hit the road I'm gonna go one
bitch I'm never coming back
this is where ever you ever lose the
ticket all the wall sick of being scared
of him he's just reports I listen to I'm
just in my room dividers either painless
you but now I'm hurt and fired up before
I leave begin to choose another victim
who will come ambition bitch up soon I'm
digging up the dirt message it just
think illusion - I'm sick no shit and
who was ever gonna listen to me now
because I was you want the guy you will
fall victim to
Oh
