get beyond a camera here with Gramps who
just finished bailing the Philly cheese
steak challenge he then just fell it was
like an abysmal fail I think he failed
worse than anybody that's ever attempted
the challenge before in the history he
left an entire sandwich and all the
fries so I'm sure yes you got a shirt I
don't know why you got the shirt for I
don't either because they don't you
don't get nothing
yeah but you just paid rebooting on the
Wall of shame is just gross
cuz I think about man yeah I'm happy
about that sale no it's just a bad joke
oh no more this is really horrifying
enough damn okay they all stink just as
the others
I'm telling the worst burps well the
ones you would have like those little
beef egg rolls at Trident it
remember your purpose up to those though
it was a unique spell
well reckon I'm gonna get off I just
wanted to make a quick update with
grandpa who failed the Philly
cheesesteak challenge we're gonna do I
don't know we got to find a challenge in
our area maybe Derek oh come on one yeah
Derek from substation Yuma college yeah
called Derek and tell to you the
challenge dog Derek didn't come over to
challenge
yeah called area the substation say you
need a challenge man and dad will do it
right dad
shutter nothing oh man I don't feel like
talking I just um II feel I go to it
hurt shut up
how bad is it hurt a bad hurt it hurts
he's film dead stomach for a minute
that's all a bunch of chicken the
chicken did it I'm telling you
