what's going on you guys get beyond the
camera here visualize here right there
today is Wednesday and today we said we
were gonna do this okay for some reason
abridge I think cinema psychic you are
we'll talk about it later
but we'll do this later what's going on
you guys to be on camera
no it's not man no we don't need to make
yes
no please nobody do that yeah nobody
make that into a gif or a meme I
apologize for doing it we're gonna talk
about why Bridgette thinks that I'm a
psychic later and by the way it's not
like just now she's saying if she has
been saying it since the beginning of
our relationship yeah so we're gonna get
into that later I don't want to talk
about it right now there's other stuff
to talk about like for instance if you
didn't see the vlog we uploaded
yesterday it was angry grandpa's
birthday if you didn't see it check it
out dad
happy birthday I love you by the way
I've bit my tongue so if I sound like I
have a lisp and that's why I keep
talking mom finally mounts up whatsoever
oh that's gross
okay guys today's Wednesday today I'm
not a psychic and today we're doing
nothing Michael you are psychic he is
guys let's keep the thing started right
now I'm gonna show you guys something
that I don't usually show this is the
kind of thing that I usually I can't
talk that I usually do off-camera
calling youngins guys I like to call you
as often as I can sometimes people post
our numbers are like you know what I'm
gonna give them a call but I don't ever
vlog them cuz this is not the kind of
thing that you do for attention or like
you want to oh I gotta get you know
to get credit for calling my fans right
like that's not why I do but this one I
wanted to record because it's a cool
story so there's this guy that I follow
on Twitter named Mario and he posted a
picture of his mom watching our videos
and he said that she watches it after
her treatments and I'm giving him a call
Mario I'm calling you I'm calling your
mom we're gonna vlog it I want everybody
to hear how big of a fan you guys are
and I want to thank her on camera for
all the support and everything you guys
that's the kind of support that really
touches me when people are going through
their own hard times and stuff and still
want to see what we're doing so guys I'm
better call right now this is always the
problem when you're calling somebody
unexpectedly they don't know if you're
calling so maybe their phone's turned
off so now I gotta kind of ruin the
surprise and right I'm gonna be like hey
I'm trying to call you I didn't want to
do that I wanted it to be a genuine
surprise I'm gonna start one more time
as a surprise hopefully I don't have to
write them and tell them I'm calling I
like I like surprising people I got a
ride home man I'll be right back you
guys in about 20 minutes you guys I
don't know if I'm gonna be able to call
them in the vlog or not if not I'll just
tell you guys how I went I am gonna call
them still no matter what hopefully on
the vlog answer your phone man wait for
them to call you guys I figured I'd come
in and show you Felix how comfortable he
does he has not moved from this little
pumpkin bed in days it's his favorite
thing in the whole world
hey buddy all right I'll leave you alone
what up buddy you want one too but
you'll go in here those you want
all right Bridget I got a call one more
time okay
this has to be the last time I try
though because I think I've got this
dude like 30 times and it's starting to
transcend into harassment and psycho
harasses Finn no come on that's not
what's happening it just means a lot to
me I saw the picture Network so I'm
gonna try one more time man I really
really hope he answers hopefully no oh
this is like prophetic sorry man oh my
god that fit you guys I tried I called
so many times I'm really sorry that I
didn't get a chance to talk to you or
your mom and say thank you but I'm gonna
say it now I'm gonna tell you what I
want to say you know that kind of
support when somebody gets off of
dialysis and they get home and they
watch us that means no I don't like this
don't feel right guys I'm gonna give a
touch with these people
today I'm gonna talk to you guys tonight
I'm gonna make an arrangement with this
guy I'm gonna DMO on Twitter we're
calling it I got I gotta I gotta say
this over the phone guys stay tuned
this ain't over we're gonna talk on the
phone later we were going to the store
right now you guys and I gotta say as
we're on the way there dude it is
freaking cold two days ago when we were
picking Jennifer up a checkers it was
like a hundred degrees gate closed all
too early so I got to fake it no I got
to stage it
all right come on Michael pretend this
is the same scene the other day when we
were picking Jennifer from Checker's
gate it was like 200 degrees
stop it you're dead
we're going to the store we just got to
the store you guys and I had to vlog
because something very very funny just
happened and I had to talk about that so
just now a fan walks in and they were
like oh man I'm such a huge fan can I
get a picture Michael absolutely wrote a
man awesome nice to meet you man who's
like game in my favorite video is that
world of warcraft video I'm like World
of Warcraft my god
I was a wrestling no no the world of
warcraft stuff you know you like slammed
like a table I was like it's like I
think he's seeking out the wrestling one
and then he says I'm really happy to
hear that you got weight-loss surgery oh
my god and I like wait a minute you mean
boogie2988 yeah That's not me I'm kid
behind a camera oh the grumpy grandpa
guy like nice to meet you so that
happened
boogie I love you people are mistaking
me for you and now that you're gonna
lose weight more than me and I'm gonna
be the fat one of the duo I just had to
say you guys that just happened it was
very funny was nice to meet you
unfortunately I'm not Francis you got
what
Wyatt Christmas crunch for October's in
like two weeks and we've already got
Christmas grunts I mean I'm gonna get it
no I don't want this I love I don't I
don't want this stuff until like
mid-november
Oh Bridget you know what Michael no but
that you really gonna try to put up
Christmas brunch I'm not gonna be in the
Christmas spirit if we get Christmas
crap before Halloween I'm not getting it
as a house decoration I'm hungry
fine fine Susan why is it already out I
don't know but it's annoying
tonight we're gonna go to Target and
they were doing a Christmas tree so I
hope not don't say it in a few minutes
on the vlog I'm gonna talk about why
Bridget thinks that I'm a psychic yes
you are she and you guys she has been
saying this for so long I've tried not
to ever mention it on vlog because I
don't believe in that stuff at all I
wanted to be very clear I don't believe
in psychics I don't believe psychic
ability exists I don't think it's
possible we're gonna talk about that in
a few minutes
first we're on our way home now I'm not
trying to call that young them back one
more time I really want to get this guy
on the phone talk to his mom tell him
thanks for the support
well grab back hey Mario
it has been an ordeal hello it is no no
no I saw the picture of you watching the
videos and I was like I gotta you know I
got a show that support back to you guys
cuz that it meant a lot so
not yet but she's giving me a look right
now isn't it
yeah she's like when's that gonna be
he's doing a lot better he just got out
of the hospital again but he you know he
one day at a time you know he he's
really he's a lot better than he was
last week I'll tell you that
yeah her you had to do it dialysis for
six hours
oh wow that Wow I'm really sorry to hear
you got to go through so much but I do
appreciate you know all the support and
everything well you know you can let her
know that you can let her know that I'm
vlogging this right now so I sure AM so
you can tell her she's gonna be in a
vlog so when she when she watches
tomorrow so you can hear herself we're
gonna be getting out of here in just a
second you guys we're gonna be doing the
outro but before we do I wanted to take
a minute to talk about the fact that
Bridgette thinks that I'm psychic an
excuse me not the fact that Bridgette
thinks that I'm psychic
the possibility that Bridgette thinks
that I'm psychic Ridge about fact
Bridgette the observation fact Bridgette
number one psychics don't exist yeah
they do they don't you are one I look at
psychics as charlatans people that try
to prey on somebody's emotions and times
where they are weak and maybe able to
take advantage of somebody and I don't
believe that things should exist some
people do that yes but you're a real
psychic guys okay the one of the biggest
reasons she's saying this is because
back in the day I used to collect
notebooks and in those notebooks I would
jot down predictions yes all the time
one of the things that I would like to
do is the celebrity death pool okay
yeah one year for my 2009 celebrity
death pool I said Michael Jackson's
gonna die Bea Arthur's gonna die and
Brittany Murphy was gonna die and guess
what they all thought yeah cuz you're
psychic but it's a coincidence is it a
weird coincidence yeah but I also sent a
whole bunch of people that didn't die
we're gonna die too and they're still
alive yeah now is it weird that I
correctly predicted that absolutely did
he have a predicted Britney Murphy's
husband a year later okay I don't yeah
but the reason I said that was because
he couldn't live without Brittany Murphy
that saw reason I said that it's all a
coincidence whatever it is though no one
is then guys i one of the other things
I'd like to do is when I get bored I
make up fake CDs and I'll draw fake
track listings and the titles I do it
all the time it just so happens that on
one of them I called it mm recovered and
one of the tracks on the album was
called like love how you by and big
coincidence it's very weird but I
doesn't make me a psychic you even wrote
our address from the apartment when was
this
it was on a cover of a notebook well
guess what the notebooks are gone okay
we don't have them anymore so you can't
I don't even know if that's even true it
is true okay
what's up give me some examples give me
one example okay um you predicted your
mother what about her okay whenever
grandpa and Tina were still married you
predicted that they were going to get a
divorce and she was going to move to
Syracuse Oh
whoa how can I ever predict that my
parents who hated each other were gonna
get a divorce they were the most unhappy
couple on earth video documentation to
prove it okay okay well you also said
that she was going to be staying in the
hotel for about two years now
why would you think or say that I don't
know okay I don't know that's the facts
are all the example coincidence I can't
help it what do you want from me Oh Oh
another one you predicted a family
friend getting a blood clot in its lung
and his lung and then you got a cost
three hours later okay big deal it was
actually crazy and cool I woke up I just
woke up Michael like shot out of bed
started writing in his notebook and he
said so-and-so is gonna get a blood clot
okay yeah it happened I remember yes I
remember too I haven't written in a long
time though so I can't think about my
mindset when I'm writing things Oh
another one please say you're mad me and
mad why are you getting mad because
you're like yelling at me I feel like Oh
what is it the reality TV people you
predicted that okay days in advance okay
I told Bridget I was like man I had a
feeling okay I said I had a feeling that
truTV was gonna approach me for a
reality show and that I should probably
reject it and guess what three days
later truTV called me they want a
reality show and you bet I rejected it
oh yeah you bet yeah but you predicted
that is it weird absolutely is it proof
absolutely not guys the reason she's
saying this is because in the past
couple of vlogs
some of these predictions may have come
true this is the first example not
everything works out you don't cry over
spilled milk when's the last gonna use
that you know cry over spilled milk
never even heard of it so guys can you
trust me like any time yeah Oh Oh Jimmy
it's all right Shh
kidding you know flowers fill milk
literally okay so I said you don't cry
over spilled milk and a day two days
later Jimmy spills milk and grandpa says
you don't cry over spilled milk
very strange I'll give it to you that
was very strange very strange I also
know another proof what your aunt
we're not even know the other example
it's a little harder to deny on my
behalf I'll admit it's a little hard to
deny this well I would rather be broken
down at McDonald's than do that that's
the worst idea I've ever heard in my
life why McDonald's what why McDonald's
well it doesn't matter
checkers she's just got this car where
we parking
so strangely I said that I would rather
be broken down at checkers and then
Jennifer was broken down at checkers yes
very strange how weird is that see guys
Michael goes in these psychic phases he
gets them about once or twice a year I
don't believe in psychics they're
charlatans Michael you're not a
charlatan what is that then how would
you know I'm not one if you don't know
where charlatan is a charlatan is
somebody who pretends to have a gift and
they use it to trick people and court
just I don't want to be thought of as
that you're not is it weird
absolutely but guess what all the stuff
you're saying I can't bounce for I don't
remember the notebooks the notebooks are
gone without the notebooks it's over
with okay it's over we're doing the I'll
show you guys I'm sorry
we're doing the out god no outro that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching I want to take a minute to
apologize I'm not trying to make anybody
think that I'm a psychic I look at
psychics and charlatans I don't want you
to think that I'm trying to give anybody
any false hope I don't think that in
myself
I'm you're a psychic please stop saying
it he's a psychic guys please stop
saying it it's a coincidence lots of
weird Quinton you know if you had those
notebooks yeah okay you'd have a lot of
examples okay it was weird stuff I admit
it okay but I have no way to prove it or
authenticate it or even like remember
writing a lot of that stuff it's from
back in the day I have not written in
years
so Bridgette it's a coincidence I need
us to stop okay can we stop now okay
psychic okay it is what it is guys we're
getting out of here thanks for watching
I love you guys so much for following
along with us every day I wanted to cut
the psychic stuff out of the vlog but
this is pretty much all we done today so
I can't but guys I love you so much for
all the support anyway smack the like
button if you got this far into the vlog
thank you so much only the real camera
crew made it to that part of the block
guys like subscribe favorite
hold on everything but to us and that's
well wait what your notebooks are saris
