so I woke up this morning and I looked
on the news and I saw the reports that
Pope Benedict is retiring that's right
the Pope can retire which was not
something I was aware of I thought that
when you chose to be the Pope or when
they chose you to be the Pope you had to
fucking die in office I didn't think you
just be like you know I think I'm done
with this whole god thing
see you guys he says it's because of his
advancing age which is true the other
Pope dies at like 90 something but Jesus
Christ
they elected you when the other guy died
did you not think that was kind of the
point
now I'm not claiming to be any kind of
religious person I don't follow religion
I'm not Catholic
my mom is Catholic and that's all the
fuck I know but I do know that I kind of
I guess I thought that you had to die as
the Pope this is the first pope since
1415 to retire which is kind of ironic
since 14 or 15 is the average age of
every kid that a priest mill just
relocate him relocate them to another
Church it's like dad said on Facebook
this morning what the fuck is they
expecting a gold watching a trip to
Disneyland maybe he does want a trip to
Disneyland actually there's a lot of
kids there hey that's just me I thought
that when you were the Pope
you were the Pope for life Benedict I
wish you all the best in your future
endeavors
whatever the fuck you decide to do good
luck buddy
go read mine come go worship Hitler in
your own time and for once you can feel
what it's like to be relocated
