what's going on you guys keep beyond the
camera here as Bella freaking out
frigid west there hey and today we're
gonna make chicken naki soup which she
calls chicken naki soup we're making
Olive Garden's chicken gnocchi soup not
using all of this right here why do you
keep what are you saying that I can't
say it she every every time I go to
Olive Garden she I'll take that soup
dice up half chopped celery
1/2 cup celery Michael you need to look
at the onion 1 cup onion one and a half
tablespoons of fresh garlic now here in
a pot I got some extra virgin olive oil
and four tablespoons of butter people
look look for four tablespoons of butter
okay now that the butter is olive oil
melted I add my onions celery and garlic
and I'm talking to dad right now you
want clog things up dad there's anything
you want to say anything I'm cooking and
recording I'm recording me cook so
you're really going to cook these down
until they're like translucent you know
take a little minute here now
so you just saute these until the onions
and everything are just nice translucent
to it so I get a whole rotisserie
chicken cut it down the middle get rid
of that spine and then I'm just going to
start cutting up chicken out of this
until I got diced up chicken no bones
just nice cuts of chicken
keV some of that yes but wait I'm done
let me have that sure you can have the
spine oh yeah trying to say I'm not
shredding it I'm just going to cut it
into nice chunks all right so these are
nice and translucent now so I'm going to
add four tablespoons of flour directly
to that and it's gonna make a roux which
you'll see what that is in just a second
for table from the 3/4 now we just whisk
this around it's gonna get six let's end
the ball now then ba-bum ba-bum this is
half and half
come on man does have until you drop out
of school here you how to open a milk
carton
let's take the entire thing of
half-and-half we're adding it in
increments let it thicken up add more
pick it up add more if we never have the
chicken gnocchi soup from Olive Garden
to must have so you just keep doing this
and see you got a quart inside this pot
you want to make sure you wash this
parsley before you do this shit these
are our yel keys I'm getting a call
right now first to this I will add half
a teaspoon of thyme teaspoon of fresh
parsley
1/4 of teaspoon of ground nutmeg I did
all the soot myself no stir this now 3
stir no it's critical that you don't
screw it straight Oh
one cup carrot and one cup of chicken
I'm going to add that into it from here
I'm going to add 2 14 ounce cans of
chicken broth that is 14 ounces right
there 14 point five ounces of chicken
broth now just add one more and I'll let
it sit there and now I'm going to add
the spinach this is fresh cut up spinach
I try to cut it into some strips now we
add our gnocchi now what I didn't show
is I guess I forgot the show as I added
some salt I don't want to tell you how
much salt to add because it's different
per person so just add salt to taste but
you definitely do needs to help and I
don't have an exact measurements that I
added of salt I just started putting
some salt again now it's not salty like
I said just add salt and taste it as you
add it and when you like it
you're good but there's nothing else to
add here is the soup now it's just going
to sit here and cooked right there are
some chicken parm but that's not in this
video that's just an extra part here's
our soup it's been steeping for about an
hour now
now this chicken parm even though I'm
not sure
cooking this mixer is just breadcrumbs
parsley Parmesan cheese salt and a tiny
bit of flour not much flour at all and I
dipped it in milk and he gives it that
kind of a fry yeah boy I don't play
anymore I don't play any now
so here I'm gonna try this tube now this
with the soups turns out light if you
ever into olive garden of chicken
gnocchi or as Rosie calls it chicken Aki
ticking knock these do it tastes just
like it that tastes just fucking like it
so that's it but right now look after my
chicken parms now what are you doing
dancing okay now I'm gonna try our
chicken gnocchi soup so if I can find my
spoon all right little bit
boom all right she's in my area it's got
to be clean I don't care so anyway this
how it turns out I'm getting LP carrot
soup so it literally does taste just
like the soup at Olive Garden
now this is the first time I've ever
made this turned out perfect link below
is the recipe I used apparently the
chick has a book I'm going to buy the
motherfucker down making all this food
at home
come again extra weight so for now great
so she got the link below for the recipe
make this if you've never been to Olive
Garden chicken gnocchi soup get it
instead of salad who needs a salad mmm
let's check out my chicken parm even
though it's not part of the video that's
almost done that's it like subscribe
favorite make the soup at home you got
to you don't got to but you should
