let's go to on you guys keep out a
camera here and Here I am better try out
the SodaStream let's spell whining in
the background okay so come on test
flavors cool
I was in such denial to get this damn
thing Brad asked for like a year
no no too much this is the carbonation
thing too but whatever the fuck they
calling it I'm going to go ahead and
apply that now we're now filling this up
with very cold water as it says
okay I can't figure out the SodaStream
right now I don't know what do oh fuck
what's this shit do me a minute okay
that appears to have been the problem I
didn't have it screwed in to them on
idiot I see the comments to that now huh
you're right about that you an idiot
anyway okay that makes okay let's try
this again put that with the water right
there screw it in by the light come one
okay what the fuck Holkar my lover in
short and short poles until you hear a
loud buzz three buzzes provides average
carbonation
okay I think I didn't now I have
carbonated water
I just come home this real quick setup
hopefully I have done this right I'll
look it up though if I didn't right now
is carbonated water this is the diet
cola we had where I played video games
after Breaking Bad
how will you click in will watch bring
wet tonight health up like later yeah
okay
give it a shake yes for shake it ooh you
are supposed to go over the directions
alright give me some ice
better try out for SodaStream you missed
it yet is pointed at the cake no this is
not Bridges cake video this is
SodaStream video and you miss it I love
it you have funny there's really a 1
liter
I guess though
it's good right try the diet cola it's
good we have to learn how the machine
works no but how about it it's pretty
cool if I get your question now I'm
gonna show everybody what I'm eating if
my SodaStream because I'm shallow and
stupid
we found a Philly cheesesteak place in
Goose Creek oh shit I drop it is called
Philly's we actually went from the way
to Walmart because we're closing so
Philly cheesesteak SodaStream video
games come good day
