what's going on you guys keep you had a
camera here good us here was it was
there and I am on my way to Dad's house
first I am you know I feel a little
better about the GTA thing yeah I guess
you know there was bugs in the game they
gotta fix it so it's whatever as long as
just for the betterment of the game it's
whatever
so right now I'm away to Grandpa's house
to tell him that his taxes are gonna be
delayed he was expecting them in the
next like a couple of weeks and I got an
email today it's gonna be about three
weeks late
he's not getting on them when he wants
them so I've got to tell him what's
funny about that it's just funny maybe
you should tell me that it's like he's
the son everyone is just around him I
had to file god damn what man who I
ranch just thank ass ain't ranch chips
my burp stink to me good so okay that
bad
it's that bad today that bad it smelled
like banning what yeah I hate mayonnaise
yeah get out of my house see her
potatoes broken coffeepot threw his
chair on the table yeah I don't think
that's really fair
so anyway Oh what I told you the third
guy yeah this again now I can't have
coffee what you go dude
I'm here to shit I'm not doing anything
for your coffee situation what are you
doing stop digging in that
oh yeah no shit oh yeah
you got to stop digging through glass oh
oh don't you go to the bag
well you overreacted as usual and what
the hell is wrong with you
can you damn shit up like you do what
what you know in damn over - goddamn
resin match okay the rock lost
I was Pitt well you knew that word even
started you know the good Nick you know
the man struck at an ass yes and death I
mean I should just not be I should just
be happy about it what the reason I got
so pissed off over the rock beating CM
Punk is because one this fucking guy can
just disappear for eight years come back
and boom you're the fucking champion I
didn't like it hey what what are you
what you need to leave like goddamn
Jackson fuck that guy that resin shit
you know all the information you need to
know taxes some time in Mars
oh is it need to know situation some
time in Mars I don't need no fuck me
right no you dude I'm telling you some
time in March I don't have an exact date
for you yeah well beat your ass what I
ordered
good now you made a mess my table you
bugger you cry over the game you got
over our game relax
why did you grab her a goddamn game
because it got delayed as I game but it
got delayed I don't play games but game
they they rockstar games told us for a
year now spring 2013 rockstar games the
maker of DTA let's film at the your time
will be crying on video that's I'm
telling you that's why I cried about it
because they told us I'm all better the
goddamn money you saved I've already
paid it off my game is paid for now I
just have money sitting in like some cat
somewhere without a video game so they
year your interest
so they say months ago spring 2013 and
here was all January yeah March is
coming up baby yeah don't matter if
March is coming up cuz you got to wait
to my dough to goddamn game quit
breaking coffeepots over taxes which I
rip chicken out of the oven we're done a
lot of money I goddamn game
that you fucked up on I didn't do
anything now look I got nothing to put
there well deal with it I'll go to deal
with you motherfucker
