what's going on you guys today just
gonna make a video where I'm gonna talk
about a couple of people who shall
remain nameless that fucked over angry
grandpa emotionally I would say
physically is took a toll on his body
man they fucked him over so not gonna
say their names right now but it's
something I do got to talk about so this
couple these two people get in touch
with dad they were talking to him for a
couple of weeks you know they came down
and had lunch with that a couple of
times from wherever they're from another
state they drove down they had lunch
with dad dad liked them he's a character
my friends and you know a couple times
more times they come and visit and then
the guy comes up to dad and he knew
dad's dream had always been to open a
restaurant dad had mentioned it to him
before and the guy says well let me tell
you a secret grandpa I just got thirty
million dollars because my dad or a
grandfather or somebody passed somebody
died and left him thirty million dollars
and I want to open up a restaurant to a
you know it was also our dreams to open
a restaurant so maybe we should open
something together and dad's eyes lit up
they want to open a restaurant with me
oh you go blue this your mic do you want
to open up a restaurant with me I can't
believe it if my dream come true dad was
really excited and I said dad you know
you know don't get too emotionally
invested in this because people do this
type of shit I didn't know the people my
dad just you know don't get your hopes
up too high and he did
now these people they came up to dad's
house they visited they introduced
themselves to us oh hi I'm blank
I'm blank will just call the bass hole
one an asshole too right now or piece of
shit one and piece of shit too or fat
loser fuck and stupid chubby blond bitch
wife even I believed that perhaps may
he might get arrested now did I was I
like oh my god we're getting a
restaurant no good I don't trust people
but these sick fucks
when so deep with their lie that they
set it up an appointment for dad to meet
a realtor at a restaurant check don't
take my word for it check out the video
what
how many doubting your party that is the
hot fry dad does what I do it I'm using
to party you've ot barrel tea okay oh
you guys tea we got two people he won't
drink sure shit come on this is how I do
it so again this is how I'm accustomed
this is how this is how I do it
I'm and this is how you don't do it I'm
a customer hi how are you today we're
happy you're here thank you
okay I'm on you're in your party me me
how long you plan on staying here
tonight how good the food well if you
like food and you have time you're gonna
be here for a good while try to thing
once all right you have a lot of time
yeah a lot of time all right
well the foods I can take a long time to
come out Gossett debarment yeah
absolutely I like that as the guys know
he's doing yeah how would you do it what
if I'm waitress yeah I don't know man
did I gotta do this thing you may have
to hold the camera you do it now I got a
green ham greed iam all right shit pick
a boy I'm Asura John we're doing great
all right how many pills in your party
today we're gonna be to our you instead
of the bar you was in the dining room
uh where do you recommend I wrote them
in the dining room unless you want to
get a beer they come sit at the bar all
right well we're gonna get a beer so
we'll sit at the bar all right come to
the ship you can't have the captain
angry because of my goddamn restaurant
you are the cameraman you were the
camera on the wall so that was dad
talking to the realtor where they were
discussing how they would train
waitresses and stuff I've got a
15-minute video of dad walking around
this place and talking to him and the
realtor making a sales
edge to the possible investor of the
restaurant and so they made dad fall in
love with the building and they make an
appointment with the realtor themselves
so they come in toward the building they
know they were there like oh wow this is
great okay and they started calling
landscapers and they are fucking
professional liars dad was thoroughly
let down when months go by and they
fucking dipped out of there they lied to
him they they were just a couple going
on vacation and wanted to meet dad and
so they lied so they could do it and
they hurt us feelings while they did it
dad has met with bands before all the
time people come to the substation and
they eat with them and people have come
up to the house you can look on YouTube
and find videos of people visiting with
that you didn't have to come up with
this big fucking ruse and break his
fucking heart just so you could meet him
just so you can tell us that you're a
piece of shit and anyway it was a bunch
of shit there's more to be said I'm not
going to say it alright now I gotta say
something for the future videos so thank
you to the two people that fucked with
my dad emotionally and personally and
that's all I'm gonna say right now I
don't want to say something anyway
goodbye like subscribe favorite to the
two that you did it go fuck yourself
Bridget anything you want to add i'm
just discussed go fuck yourselves
