going on you guys keep you on camera
here and I'm about to do an unboxing
right here with this I've got the end
open right now but I haven't taken
anything out of a jet so about two weeks
ago you know first of all I collect
wrestling action figures that's right
Brigitte is embarrassed about it because
I collect wrestling toys Brigitte but I
don't care and I don't like the Mattel
ones the ones that the toy company makes
is shit so I reached out to somebody his
name is Jeremy and he custom made me
something now when he does his he'll
take parts from other figures etc etc
Holt Holt repaint them new colors and he
draws the tattoos on him anyway that's
what this is I hadn't made me a brock
lesnar and a CM Punk and that's what's
in here and so first I'll do the Brock
Lesnar I can see his blond hair sticking
out the top there so let me pull out
Lesnar for you real quick
okay here's wasn't this cool rear elbow
you won't see Lesnar y'all want to see
why isn't it here we go looks sick let
me get this thing out the packaging here
we go this tattoo
these are his custom MMA shorts with
logo unlike the Mattel figure that does
not have logos this guy painted the
tattoos and he did a fabulous job look
at this figure
Wow so there's the first two-year bork
lazer I mean Brock Lesnar now this guy's
link is down below so like him on
Facebook and you know see what else he's
got right now we're going to do CM Punk
which is right here okay and here we go
CM Punk wow that looks fucking sick holy
shit
hand-painted chest tattoo hand-picked
always got that one I forgot I didn't
think he would have that tattoo on
that's his jersey tattoo when it's back
busy head so there we go
CM Punk drug-free oh wow this thing is
sick this kid who does these figures man
he is he is awesome dude so here see him
Punk here was Brock wise now this guy
puts a lot of time and effort into these
figures and they turned out incredible
so might be a little blurry right now I
had to do the spot focus just so I could
oh this function is currently not
available
I'm fucking myself up here what the fuck
am i doing
here we go
so yeah I cut my lip last night so this
guy does an incredible job his figures
turned out incredible
here you go see again CM Punk Brock
Lesnar
nice job guy they look great
go to his Facebook link below if you
want to figure he'll doom for you they
cost about 70 bucks apiece now before
peoples are going to over go those two
more twenty first of all if you want to
buy the CM Punk figure in stores which
you can't run out because it's hard to
find but if you want to tell me about
$20 just for CM Punk now the CM Punk you
can buy on the internet looks like shit
that's my mom calling hello hey I'm good
and put you on speaker phone home say
hello I'm recording a video right say
hello
recording a video right now hello I'm
recording a video I wanted you to say
hello in it oh okay I'm taking up
speakerphone now check out his link the
figures are about $70 so like I was
telling you something like this not like
this because this is totally custom but
you know if you want to buy the CM Punk
figure ill if you want to buy the Mattel
CM Punk figure which looks like this
you're gonna end up paying $20 for it
now if you wanted to look good this guy
hand first he hand he will do is old
spray paint over the whole thing of this
it's a whole custom paint job we did you
painted the face paints the beard the
tattoos now if you can see the detail on
that but if you know CM Punk's chest
tattoo look at that so like subscribe
favorite go check out his customs page I
really really like this thing this gives
you this means getting set up next to my
title belt so
anyway that's it like and subscribe and
favorite and check him out on Facebook
and if you collect figures order one
Chet
