just got back from Walmart we got this
line we're the only people left to go
there's one person scanning their shit
and we're next and this couple comes up
to me and they said uh they didn't say
anything people oh no they got to wait
they're holding this stuff so go get a
friend of me do so I let them backed up
a little we're waiting a minute I go to
get me and Bridget some drinks I'm like
would you want a drink I get our drink
and makes me you know I look over and
this woman comes into bridge she's
holding us like a little cloth like a
piece of lingerie or something and she
goes uh oh are you in line and bridge
goes oh go ahead maybe you can get in
front of me and she goes thank you and
she steps in frier Bridget next thing
you know she pulled the old me myself
and Irene fucking big motherfucking guy
fat bastard comes pushing this goddamn
buggy directly in front of Bridget and I
up excuse me sir hmm what do you do I uh
what are you doing in bridge nose oh no
stop stop
what's he doing she said we can in front
I was seeing red I'm just sitting there
I couldn't believe it
weird fuck was he when this little bitch
come walking up with this little piece
of cloth oh you in line thinking that's
all the hell she had that's not all she
had she played us Bridget was hustled
now Bridget seems to think she was in
the wrong for this bridge is going oh I
should have known he didn't see my buggy
he saw the buggy he came like like
fucking some ninja around the corner
like he's peeking yes you can get in
front of me
Here I am with a bogey bullshit I was
pissed I'm behind him and I said Bridget
oh man shut the fuck up I go did you see
what this fat motherfucker right here
just did and I see him going mm-hmm
trying to look he knows what he did he
hustled us it was like the motherfuckers
at the State Fair who OE the one dart
throw another dart one more dart that's
$40 what
bridgie got hustled she this mom let me
get her talking on this real quick
now then what are your words regarding
the motherfuckers I cut in front of us
at Walmart it was my fault no it was not
your fault you were hustled this way I
said this guy was like crouched yeah you
can get in front of me hmm oh thank you
very much except you didn't even say
thank you
he didn't make eye contact he just can't
even look at my buddy oh he sure as hell
looked at it before we turn though that
one she can be sure of Bridget was
hustled I was ready to beat this fucking
guy in the store I was pissed
usually I'm not I'm a non-violent person
I'd like to consider Bell we through a
lot of shit to get those bag what were
these so Bridget had to keep telling me
shut shut up Michael would you shut the
fuck up cuz I was I was getting pissed
and then the worst part comes when we
move I'm like fuck these people we move
we go to a new line we get out and as
we're passing this bitch comes walking
by us by herself with a bag what the
fuck let me look over big boy I cut in
front of us by himself making a separate
transaction but they were together
because I saw them hugging so he had no
reason to cut in front of us anyway he
just did it you got hustled and I'm
pretty sure that was my drink
