okay so I'm going to watch this girl
eats um tampon mind you I don't feel
good I've had the flu for a couple days
so this probably isn't a good
combination because I think things
related in that fielder's but disgusting
so oh and this is I just I say oh I'm
not playing any tricks
oh yeah um yeah although like pull out
I'll show you
okay
Hernandez be hello whisk us home is it a
hunk of meat or something this was
obviously going to be disgusting oh I
got a head of water here's 22 kids chase
it down this is five minutes long no no
music oh yay can't have the tampon video
without music and you why why do you
need the music for there's like a skin
mouse or something oh and it stinks it
stinks you go first look infection
so she drinking a sip of water right now
before she proceeds to eat said tampon
all right
yeah
you
hey Gabbar
