what's going on you guys Kip you had a
camera here last year but it was okay
okay scribe hips go case guy subscribe
relax what's happening here
so tonight Bella calm down you tonight
I'm making lemon chicken broccoli
rigatoni now never made it before it
could turn out to be the biggest pile of
dog shit I've ever made Bella what are
you doing Oh
seriously I don't want to eat it all now
oh you have to go so get the brush Nick
you're gonna make it yeah and you're
gonna go to throwing your price I will
not eat these without breadsticks it's
not enough food yes it is
bread Steve is crying okay guys tonight
we're not making rigatoni broccoli lemon
whatever the fuck it was today we are
going to bake a frozen pizza imma show
you first of all first things we get the
frozen pizza it's under a bunch of stuff
right now
well I know you were excited to watch me
cook the rigatoni except for vomiting
your bread this gives day are you Oh
tonight we're making lemon chicken
tonight we're making fish sticks only oh
I hate fish just your food you the 25%
bigger mmm so our first step right now
those are cupcakes
Bridget's off getting the breadsticks
right now so the first step we're going
to do is with the skillet and heat the
skillet up we're going to add come on
some butter and some garlic we're going
to just heat that in here we're going to
melt the butter down with the garlic and
from there we are going to add rigatoni
noodles uncooked with four cups of
chicken broth we're going to let sit in
this and boil it's going to boil in the
chicken broth with the butter and the
garlic so let's start doing that right
now
that's the garlic we're adding to this a
little bit of garlic juice now we're
going to melt that down
when that melts down we're going to add
our bucket o noodles and our chicken
broth
these are increments of 1 cups per so
it's one cup two cups three cups or cups
rigatoni noodles now four cups of
chicken broth I got this chicken broth
Walmart chicken broth there's my two
bowls of broccoli but as to this later
right now that is one cup of broth so
you want to add four cups of chicken
broth to I'm at vina to add two extra
noodles on my hands probably another
form that becomes chicken broth after
the three cups so I'm adding another
fourth of a cup of chicken broth you're
gonna let it boil so just cover it read
this back
this is boiling so I can show you now
you see pepper there on the top I add a
little salt and pepper now it's boiling
and I'm gonna stir this is it the whole
box yes ma'am it is so we are now
stirring this those are my cupcakes
those are Bridget's cupcakes for the
second time of the video why did I
repeat myself a second ago
so we're stirring this okay here we go
we're stirring this I don't know anyway
we're starting to this now it's boiling
so you want to reduce the heat it's
about right there cover it back the next
step after this is add the broccoli and
the chicken now fuck I hate this light
the chicken we have a Walmart rotisserie
chicken take a good look at there as you
see actually
that it hey I'm clicking on a corpse no
one is the best
so you shred this up
here's pour it in there's a chicken
Bridget who has now been helping me in
the kitchen when we cook dinners now is
peeling the chicken off of the
rotisserie for me I learned how to cook
she is learning how to cook it's kind of
bone that's what you want to avoid all
bones you don't want any bones this
piece of chicken on that bone though
which I will now eat I was not fat it
was chicken that's fat this yes take a
close look at that feel it I'm eating it
look mmm hey delicious chicken mmm no
more discrimination against back because
I want the fat
I don't well I do if I'm feeling there's
no father I'm adding a stick of cream
cheese to it now Oh what so here we go
checking on it I'm checking on all the
noodles why don't you people hate me
right now
god damn pickle boy you're fat and you
thing while you cook why was I being dad
right there like dad saying it goddamn
hate you boy oh my okay before I add
that I'm going to add half a cup of
shredded Parmesan cheese and mix that
into it cuz I'm a bad motherfucker
I Minerva what where is our shredded
there it is boom baby baby baby oh like
baby baby baby oh
damn I hate you okay now we're adding
our Parmesan cheese you still hate me
Bridget no you take back hey you regret
saying it
Bridget regret saying she hates me she
does not hate me she just said look at
the Parmesan cheese melt it sounds
really cool
here is our chicken we will now add
remember this is just a cheap $4
rotisserie chicken from Walmart that we
peeled up then we add broccoli this is
just frozen broccoli I didn't get any
fresh broccoli and you'll have a lot of
people who you should eat the fresh
broccoli what I didn't so I'm just going
to sit that on top it's going to help
cook the noodles more and absorb the
moisture any way you just going to sit
it on there with that cover it up let it
cook meanwhile I will go over here and
look for any parts of the chicken birds
in myths like that and I'll eat it
because I'm a fast now I'm not ashamed
of it who just want some fresh lemon
zest on there you want to get it down to
that white
and I'll just mix this around now hope I
drop the noodle paella bread you have
I'll have it me okay
should show you something eating it well
Michael has completely neglected dinner
he doesn't care about it no more so I
guess I'm taking over what are you
talking about what did I do
what do you hold the camera for me for
what
so I could do this Oh bridges contribute
contribution to dinners laying some
toast on the face come on I can't do it
I only need to fill this bar eirick up
the directions you you need to rise
island you need the directions
directions to toast hint heat and oven
by this thickness you know just look at
it when it doesn't when it looks cooked
take it off me - are you doing anyone
ready was it yeah it's ready you use the
side is ready yeah it's ready well take
a bite of it on camera yeah bite here
yeah just one noodle with a broccoli and
chicken mmm all right uh-huh
no I'm feeling you've burnt up well that
sounds like they're getting
mmm oh god I know it's so delicious you
can really taste that lemon in there so
that's what it turns out like pick pasta
garlic bread big coke zero big zero and
the burn with Jeff Ross and that's a
burn from a candle the burn with Jeff
Ross coming on right now that's dinner
see you good bye I'm going to close it
with a song what song should I say I
gotta close with a song
I got a piss brow what song do you hate
the most
let me think what song would you hate
the most
mama did it mean to face you cry hey no
way
