this is stupid so trying to get yes
sergeant money he needs cables yes he
does need it
he really needs it to live something
yeah he does need it to live he's gonna
you saw how we acted today I know I'm
telling you to pay it in the end no
matter what it's my father and I'm gonna
help him out if I can and I can so I'm
going through okay so do it so now what
that that's it usually can be bitter I'm
not bitter I'm telling you to pay it
that's the end of it I'm yeah you're
just going just pay it forget it I lose
that's how you're acting
I'm driving well I also think we need to
call them squash the shit done
because I'm tired of the family drama
I'm tired of it I'm in the middle of all
this
I see everybody side I see your point so
being an asshole even though you're
going to yes he is Beth him are we calm
yes I want to leave while your dad okay
well no we I will certainly pay his bail
you can say whatever you want about
somebody getting jobs that's not me
saying it I got a school yes I'm not sad
Bridget nobody's attacking you anymore I
feel attacked you're not being attacked
though I'm calling dad right now want to
squash this shit right here on camera
goody any fucking powers and sick of it
come on
I guess he's not going to answer me
okay folks now the voicemail is that hey
seriously I'm getting pissed off I was
assuming he doesn't have a voice mail
set up for this one I'm should we keep
call them enough already
oh fuck this hey hey let's talk we just
wanted to call bridges to stay private
what don't call you no more okay dad was
it saying okay well pay your business
treat apologizing I'm sorry I'll pay
your bail what he hung up he said this
is the side of me make it except your
apology hangs up combat fuck I'm not
having this you grow up dude I'm trying
to be I'm trying to help you out here I
want your side dad
don't hang up talk to me I'm sorry Fred
you said she saw Luke able do that work
to your table
I'm not calling him back some days Bella
bucket
