kid behind a camera here grandpa
turn off your phone I won't draw for
rigid sorry phone oh I don't want to
have a photo this might be someone no
cuz they interrupt saying you just stare
at the phone don't even read it just
turn it off okay then you took a piss I
told him not to read it he opens it
reads it and he's taking time turn the
phone down you don't turn it off muta
buzz turn on vibrate goddamn it shit
you're checking it again I'm not turning
it down
see I'm not doing that you just wanted
to show the paranoid I won't shut up
there you did dad has the picture dad
has a picture of a woman on his
wallpaper and he was trying to show it
to me this turn well here's Peter radio
shit oh yeah that's it yeah it's turned
down look right there right again with
turn down so this is a conversation
about one this that's just a thing
people just want to hear us talk why
because it's fun to them they don't
fucking life probably not now I promise
everybody you were going to be answering
questions soon so I told them to submit
their questions below on the thing again
again me down like a year so vanilla 20
questions wrong one pressure turn on the
light
scat damn what it finding that's a
blondie mother it is a blinding mother
fucker maybe I shouldn't turn it on I
think it might eat up more battery
anyway light off
that's what's the me there's a cartoon
cat named Captain Kangaroo enough kid a
cold and cigarettes and a watchin
capture yeah oh really
head of treasure scene he'd walk around
there going got that guy got out of that
out of that that every time we just keys
musical stop so what does that what
happens after that
just a little distraction that's all
what happens after the music stops
that's it our observation fucking Wonder
Bread and shit eating Wonder Bread yeah
Wonder Bread so you're just eating
watching some program yeah definitely a
good program now you don't know you
can't watch anything you ain't got no TV
I got Oh TV bed no TV no internet all I
gots the internet on my phone this all
her dish has a good offer you should
call them tomorrow I am
grandpa's call what did you do with your
phone I'm showing you something you felt
a vibration in your pocket and you're
pulling the phone out to see who it is
I'm showing you something
see Network airline oh I can't get up a
goddamn phone tonight so now your phone
interests not even working no well let
me tell you there's a wondrous world on
the internet today you're missing a lot
everything's no those nothing happen
that I must got ball game the other day
how about shooting up what about anybody
about the shooting what shooting
ain't heard about those shooting in the
high schools afternoon I don't know what
happened how do i guy know somebody just
wrote me and told me how do you know
it's no Rocha told you think I know
Internet you texted me so you're lying
that is a liar it texted me dad got all
kinds of shit going on here that I don't
even know about he's hiding shit it's a
bit of a at all I was tested that's what
it is he's trying to make me feel bad I
don't got no TV Mike what you gonna do
about that yeah Mike would you all you
gonna do about that
we got an Xbox I don't see I would give
to add some DVDs to watch but I don't
have any anymore I don't collect DVDs
anymore gay movies play on the dam no
they won't
that red buff shit gets expensive you're
going to red box dad seriously look at
me buy me some blank discs you'll excuse
me you can you got the money to buy a
red box but you got any money to give me
some blank discs nothing mole oh my god
cuz I'll tell you those red box you can
get Django when I can't see I please we
go out on that one but uh all one's
goddamn puts on my shoulders you sons of
anarchy oh you like that show god I love
that show Bridget one that flex yo
dangle Oh dad can watch Netflix with no
internet not anymore they cover phone
yes I see bridge a bright idea
Netflix but dad has no internet I got a
pot of it did that goddamn right yeah I
was gonna use this typical joke I got a
pot to piss in or a window
oh yeah yeah you are well this battery
is dying out of your fucking so I'm
gonna let I'm gonna keep talking to you
guys until the battery dies God what do
you think about that I think you fucking
little yeah my goddamn thing
Bridget what do you think Oh bridges
checking cuz you don't believe it lay
there - no Bridget walls dollar
subscribe well I don't know what it's
gonna cost you better say it now
subscribe follow me on Twitter don't do
any shit you know dad is getting
dangerous your last it's getting
dangerously close for both of us what I
like to dress up like that baby soon you
got to dress up like Elvis oh I know
downtown
I got you downtown hmm oh my god you are
a pathetic old man dude I do not what do
I gotta do to get out of this dress up
like a baby thing nobody did I even
agree if I want you to did I even agree
to dress up like a oh you go goo goo
yeah like a big bottle you just walk
around downtown it's just stupid I even
even do baby noises to people no way no
one's talked about any of this with it
how do we get at cuz we got where I had
a hundred and forty thousand subscribers
right now ten more thousand subscribers
and you dress up like Elvis and I'm just
like a baby yeah I ain't dressed up like
Elvis
you got to how do we find Elvis costume
that's the question yeah that's right we
can't follow us I can't we can Debra
fight a dog definitely find one no if I
if you wanna she'd refuse no Elvis no
baby I don't think so I think so uh even
wait a minute what does baby New Yor
look like can't just Russell forget
anything
is it the Halloween store I think well
we got to go like subscribe favorite
battery's dying grandpa got Papa
Murphy's pizza tonight and he proved me
wrong it's good it was good pizza Papa
Murphy's I like Father Murphy's Papa
Murphy father Murphy's dead on purpose
subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe
okay you're embarrassing you don't
subscribe so anyway this was a
conversation with an go grandpa part to
subscribe so he give you a baby no don't
do that anymore
yeah he is a baby no excuse me what did
you say I said you are a baby you're
Elvis
