it's going on you guys I thought I would
tell another story today haven't told
one in a while so today I'm going to
tell the story about angle grandpa's
house on New Year's Eve a couple years
ago it was New Year's Eve I fucked this
light I'm so sick of it goes on Auto
there we go that is the clothes watching
Bridget is washing clothes so anyway a
couple of it was a bunch of a bunch of
the Year's Eves ago I was about 14 or so
and dad takes us out over 100 dogs being
on firework goddamn so he buys us all
these fires now we we always found the
deals we were we would look where we
could save and we would get like the buy
one get one freeze and we would get like
those uh artillery shells from buy we
buy mostly those just so we can pop
those fucking explosions in the sky and
I'm leaving this room
how dare she have to wash clothes today
okay so the explosions we wanted
everything so we're waiting midnight
comes and like hey we go lighting up the
fireworks Shh we're having a fucking
time of our lives
yeah fireworks fireworks fireworks we're
having a great fucking time we're
shooting off fireworks for 30 minutes we
had a thousand pack of firecrackers
going off in another thousand pack
beside it going off so we had two
thousand going at once we had artillery
shells going up it was a great fucking
time we had we enjoyed it we get in the
house and there's dad send the kitchen
chair what's wrong with you dad
full moon so we fucking ignore it we're
just like what okay he's just pissed off
about something
so we sorta stand on the couch you start
watching TV and he's fucking some little
girlie motherfucker some dad what's
wrong with you
here God did wake me up goddamn
so he's pissed off because we shot
fireworks at midnight the fireworks he
bought for us so my cousin Jason was
there at the time uncle Charlie we just
ok goddammit you need to go home we're
dead to midnight you would get fuck out
of my house
Jason leaves my brother Charles
dumbstruck like I am
we can't fucking believe that he's
pissed off because we woke him up from
shooting fireworks
and it gets worse he first dad just go
back to bed fuck he has go back to bed
you about the stupidest motherfucker a
boy you bought the dumbest motherfucking
ever I regret the day you shot out my
dick he was pissed he's in the kitchen
making coffee
and finally it leads up to the point
where mom comes out Charlie just come to
bed Oh goddamn motherfuckers are gonna
wake me up at midnight but I'm not going
back to guttin yeah flips the fucking
kitchen table were fuckin we had fucking
a hotdog station there for them wait a
minute let me fix that
we had a hotdog station on that we had
buns and hot dogs and relish and ketchup
and chili and shit that's all over the
fucking wall now dad doesn't give a shit
he's a good god damn it yeah look I got
a yeah so this hat this continued like
an hour I decided I'm just fucking going
to bed so I'm laying in bed I can hear
him the whole time he might the fucking
goddamn fumble bitch it the next day I
wake up dad is outside scraping up the
fireworks with a fucking kitchen Spoony
in the front yard you're creepy
goddammit so that was New Year's Eve
when I was like 13 dad buying us
fireworks to shoot off I assumed he knew
they'd have to go off at midnight but
because we shot him off at midnight and
woke them up he got pissed off so
whatever so that's one that's one so I'm
gonna tell more stories and I haven't
told many recently also want your
questions grandpa's gonna answer them
coming up finally I just a lot of stuff
happened between last time when I told
you I would answer questions this time
post your questions in the comments I'm
going to go through them I'm gonna write
out about 20 of them and he's going to
answer them so that's it like subscribe
favorite and happy 2013
