oh Jesus crying look all the partners
roomis all the pieces keep an Academy
here I took my glasses off to help with
this bad situation and now I guess he's
putting blank where'd it go what what
did it go on what's wrong with you I use
it to bad mood now I got a phone number
that's not my fault
mommy that hunter I put you months ago
to put you on my plan I told you how
much it would cost you a month yeah
Julie
good bad and you wouldn't deal with any
of this shit cuz it comes loaded for you
and ready to go well I don't have it now
food I can't talking to buddy so get out
of the pan you talk to me I'm a human
being you talk to okay he would be in
that get out you have a chill
causal is good yeah I cleaned it I'm
trying to pay you a compliment side
water cup though I'm not going home
instead have a seat he posted on
Facebook oh I miss my well here I am
when I don't let you go on grandpa what
the backstrap how long you had FN I'm
gonna throw it don't do it
so grandpa's having trouble this phone
he got one of those what the hell is it
Trac phones you know tracfone fuck you
what is it doesn't matter whatever it is
you got some sort of phone it's a nice
phone with a piece of shit plan and it
can't get it to work and you can't get
nobody on the phone and now he's pissed
off taking it out on me that about sum
it up hooks it I'm turning you light up
you can sit in the dark and cry put on a
rock oh you don't cry let's put some eat
what are you doing I feel like you're
coming at me with that thing
I might be pissed you didn't help us we
need
Jennifer didn't bother helping at all oh
excuse me bridge didn't bother helping
at all fucking Jennifer like shit dad
chill out what was happening look at a
bolt why are you doing that to me
because you left we had to do it
ourselves just chasing me outside yeah
but you're gonna come but you came back
and just sat down didn't help us yeah
you look fine right now look a you're
ready to tap dance yeah
okay so dad's got no chairs left oh
three TVs down beds almost destroy it's
my goddamn house and a yours
carry your fat ass back over there there
were you fucking with it and leave me
you need to shut the fuck up he's
actually really pissed right numbers in
charge
yeah my goddamn house that old um I did
not do it your phone situation I didn't
do that
what are you doing yeah yeah okay don't
come back okay now it's all oh you
better watch it now
all I'm trying to say stop breaking your
chairs stop breaking your TVs okay I'm
sorry
what did you need my goddamn out get out
get out
yeah yeah yeah I'll get the broom now
what is this you're not to use it give
it is yeah I ratted you out okay you
know are you like actually booting me
yes I am gonna fuck come on Jennifer
I'll pick her ass later swimming kicked
out yeah you get a three you need to
just go by keep it done Megan you
yeah how's it let's go Michael Michael
what you don't find him anything else
like what what am i buying him don't buy
in fucking chairs I know you and now
you're gonna fucking try don't do it
let me
