what's going on you guys keep on a
camera here in Bella is just sitting
with me and I have this bad news for you
guys or what I don't know if you look
forward to this or but not gonna have a
Year in Review this year hey Bella
looking camera well like I said there's
not going to be a Year in Review this
year and the reason is because aunt
Charlene died we haven't had any time to
film any of that
dad's been really sad and I'm not gonna
go over there while he sat over there
with the camera says hey Dad you
wouldn't really think about the year
probably a bad year review anyway
divorce his sister dies so unfortunately
not going to have a year in review this
year it's it sucks but couldn't be
helped we got you know the memorial
coming up in the funeral and all this
stuff so there hasn't been at any time
to edit or film a year in review so no
year-end review however I do have a
picture for you because I know a lot of
you been asking me to show you a picture
of grandpa when he was younger so I
finally got a hold of one today and here
it is it's a picture of grandpa when he
was 16 years old 17 I don't know he was
16 or 17 anyway regardless he was 17
that's right that's why they told me
today so here's a picture of grandpa
when he was 17 years old and he dyed his
hair by the way
because his hair has been gray since he
was 12 anyway check this out
did you see that I am happy
in a song about a boy come on in and you
will see the truth believe God that was
grandpa when he was 17 and again no
year-in-review
I apologize if you guys were looking
forward to that I'm sorry
you know it's was unfortunate I just you
know I have with everything going on and
we haven't had a chance to take down our
tree yet but anyway that's it I guess
like subscribe favorite all that that's
it I'll keep you guys updated see
