it's going on you guys keep yawning
camera here and it's Christmas Eve it is
me it's my nephew Jay see right there
say hello yeah that's grandpa he's in a
good mood today he doesn't look it but
he's in a good mood oh god did I tell
you there's another strike coming cuz
you're driving off the side of the road
you think I give a shit right now we are
on our way to get Chinese food we're
going up we're going to jolly Chan's
yeah we're at grabbing Charlie Chan for
dinner tonight
mugs with the cream of some young guy
what do you always use that same joke
I'll just buddy
haha it's not funny you know I wasn't
gonna real laughing I think the Lee's
Navy Yard mm the least Navy Yard maybe I
should move this light from your eyes
song as police Navidad de la Rosa please
not be yeah I don't know what you're
saying
Feliz Navidad Feliz Navidad grandpa
loves grandma oh it only does me down
you got a couple days ago sir all right
no fuck no that old gal cigarette roller
I don't count
Marrakech Umesh you give it to me on
Christmas Eve or Christmas Day that
counts I was alone that was a fucking
freebie I was gonna get him a Zippo
lighter today and where is it the damn
tobacco store was closed they were
uncle's not with him you went today yeah
well they were closed now out for the
new in Nevada
it hey you don't want to Y expensive Wow
how much I bought up thing in the back
on one thing box of rolls Cosby $24 guy
he's my fucking car Nazir I thought the
disc out more to back again got more
tabacky yeah we were on our way to
Chinese food that's it for right now I'm
gonna turn off this light with at least
Dahlia valise Davey where are you going
you passed the Chinese place I ain't
passed over Chinese I'm going to Charlie
chance up here on the goddamn Main
Street what I thought we're gonna get
plates and stuff I read Oh goddamn
Buffett and they're like wait a minute
we put me in Bridget pass mind all the
way here they're closed it's Chris
Christmas you've got here Charlie
Chinese Charlie people don't give me
shit about Christmas but that shit they
want to make the other side fucking duck
okay we're leaving the Chinese place
three plates there two plates there for
about $100 worth of food so I would say
I would say we have successfully gotten
two Chinese on Christmas Eve that
fucking Chinese Charlie by the per game
know what hit him they don't have no
idea how much food we just took away for
these people to turn come on before I
turn the camera to you I don't the feel
Nexus to think we're recording though so
we have just managed to how much food we
get man huh how much but you think we
got oh god I know I got nothing
they got fried oysters I know I got a
goddamn quarter fucking fried oysters oh
my god I bet I got fuck outta fucking
shrimps I got about five egg rolls about
five spring rolls - chicken wings just
gala you got about a goddamn pop out of
fish I got in there Jesus well Happy
Holidays to me thank you to Chinatown
baby Chinese Jody what do you call them
Charlie's I like some Vietnam thing yeah
kind of back in the day during the war
they always call him Charlie's Charlie's
moving on the Left Front
here we are eating at my plate playing
it for Bridget hi I won't going to gamma
that habit dad's way that I have but mom
dears yours
oh yeah look who's here for dinner
grandma's here and she's sitting next to
dad shut up Merry Christmas brother
ganya
you wait does Jenny a big plate of food
my Christmas dad you know John's got
your phone we saw from the web uncle's
across thank you well well no I want to
say I will say something I have nothing
to say Merry Christmas to you crowd ohh
you gonna do it subscribe my life my
like favorite subscribe Merry Christmas
