what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and I'm wearing my Paul
Heyman guy shirt again
and I just wanted to give you a quick
update on something that just happened
just now at Walmart week we were it was
Bridget and I we were in Walmart we were
in Walmart just now I'm turns eeks here
come out we were
she's like sick or something I don't
know what it is let me let bail out of
her cage real quick we're bad baby
so anyway we were just in Walmart and we
were sitting in the froat and that we
were no vegetables no no we were in the
vegetable section baby yeah no don't
talk about mama she doesn't want the
story told so anyway where is this I
want to tell the story of you at but you
got to be able to laugh at it gonna tell
it get closer so we were just at Walmart
sitting in the vegetable section looking
at all the shit I was reading here
bridge st bridge you go I don't know
what it was no I'm like wait these
vegetables like they're bad or something
and then she'll look at Bridget hold the
camera Bridget makes you bridge you go
oh and I'm just like yeah what the fuck
is that smell then all of a sudden I get
a text message from Bridget and she says
bathroom I'm like what the fuck she's in
the she's in the bathroom so I'm waiting
my 15 minutes I'm said of the vegetables
my the fuck dude finally Bridget comes
back and she's like what the fuck
happened and I smell it again my like
what is that awful smell
Bridget shit her pants in Walmart I have
like a flu or something
she shit her pants and Walmart she was
wearing those the same foot pants no you
gotta take that part out
oh hi because I'm clearly not that nasty
you're not doing that to me anyway the
whole car ride home smelled like shit
yes it did obviously smell like shit
smells bad you I smelled a little
warning the car smelled like shit human
shit the car smells but it was a bad
like a flu or something I couldn't help
it I'm not saying you don't have a play
don't think it's very nice of you to
broadcast this on youtube you said I
could now I'm gonna zoom into the
bathroom she was just shitting a second
ago oh are you serious
