what's going on you guys Monday night
watching wrestling right now so excuse
the background noise I could have hit
mute at any time but I decided against
doing that so I've had a lot of people
riding me wanting an update you know
what happened to grandpa what's going on
did he get arrested well the cops they
didn't come obviously you saw at the end
of the video they what happened is he
destroyed the TV and shit and I took the
TV outside I threw it away
and I left so apparently after I left he
found out I threw the TV in the garbage
I guess I don't know I wasn't here for
this I assumed he knew I threw the TV in
the trash because it was broken but he
got pissed off anyways and so he takes
the TV so it's dragging and throws it in
the front of the yard like where you put
garbage at the street don't put in a
good damn garbage kids dumb motherfucker
put a good dream and apparently he was
screaming really loud and a neighbor
called the cost me and Bridget Bridget
and I I don't know got home and got
dressed we were gonna go to Walmart and
we got a phone call from dad you buddy
to a little fat fucking there though be
here right now coffees here and off fuck
so I got there I get to the house see
the cops there dad apparently talked to
the cop who dropped my phone real quick
you fell thud and they let him he comes
and talks to me I talked to the cops
just a noise complaint nothing happened
we left they left he's fine he's just
sitting at home stewing in his own anger
and by the way I did cut my hair unibrow
shaved my face and anyway all that's
irrelevant British just hit me you
actually before the award was about to
be given out so now I don't know who's
gonna win whatever this award is thanks
for that Bridget but uh also a friend of
mine Isaac on a more personal note set
up a page for the elementary school
shooting victims their families any
money made from this is gonna go towards
their funerals and other costs and stuff
if it makes anything hopefully it
reaches its goal you know it's really
cool
thing he did there if you don't remember
Isaac he is the guy who lost his son and
his wife had a miscarriage and then he
got fired from Alpine access
he's one who set this up so good job
Isaac it's pretty cool
that she set something like this up so
and so please if you guys have a dollar
try to donate it donate something it's
me you know it's raise some money but it
hasn't gone near its goal yeah hopefully
it reaches its goal
so those families can get some money and
and I know the money's not gonna replace
their child it's just a you know
something you know cuz they're going
through something pretty horrible right
now so like subscribe favorite all that
stuff and I'll see you guys
well I said I'll see you guys I know
I'll see you later
I want them to destroy every flavor put
his ass to the table guys you know oh
man I'm right back after they fed him a
lot more feed me lettuce feed me
bless I did not look like Ryback yeah I
was like fat back
