keeping out a camera here I'd like to
report a theft and I give my shirt yeah
you look great in my shirt no my shirt
now okay I bought the shirt for twelve
twelve twelve that's tomorrow and you've
stolen it twelve tomorrow is twelve
twelve twelve hours 12 13 today you know
I got grandpa one you know I ordered you
one of these Paul Heyman guy shirt you
have a net you fart a minute so there
you go you extra hey man guys shirt the
other ones coming what's tomorrow
Wednesday yeah with early wins that was
today it's Monday or Tuesday no
tomorrow's Wednesday grandpa was gonna
get his damn shirt to begin with
tomorrow
now he's got it early you farted in it
you soiled it you can have it so
congratulations you guys know you don't
fucking ruin that one I get the new
Heyman guy shirt tomorrow and I'll be
over tomorrow to rub it in your face
sure sure know how to have your soiled
clothes so nothing else to say
I had to read tape up my glasses today
thank you all right you're welcome
Merry Christmas you open up the shed
early now you got your shirt early so
Merry Christmas
it's whatever I'm gonna leave here
without a shirt what word will this shit
for how long has been on your counter
I'll take a peanut ur cooking out you
know ma'am I'm so glad that's his chart
now not mine well I'm leaving without a
shirt obviously no shirt no wear my
shirt what is this oh it stinks stinks
was like shit you wipe your eye I know
you he wipes his ass with his own shirt
while he's wearing he pulls it down
where his asses anyway get out of my
house
