what's going on you guys today I don't
know what am i doing today I forgot what
I'm making
it was Bridget's idea I got two things
of grace on the stove and I'm not sure
oh right I'm making chicken sandwiches
and loaded sweet potato waffle fries I
could cut the sweet potato waffle fries
myself but why because they sell it in a
bag for me and Bella just shut a door a
cabinet see was anybody close canvassed
around here anyways chicken sandwiches
loaded sweet potato waffle fries and a
fat fuck getting fatter just salt them
real good while they sit here I'm
talking low so low because bridges on
the phone and I have respect well a
pepper shaker is empty I realize this is
a lot of chicken but I'm also making for
mom too grandma is eating with us okay
so this right here is a mixture of flour
panko crumbs salt pepper and garlic I
feel so stupid Michael why any crack the
egg I looks like I need to go in the
grease for some reason I'm retarded and
then whatever I like the egg job didn't
see you go into the gray cells like that
what happened then I'm like Oh what
could have possibly happened to the egg
okay so what we'll be doing here now
they have done this before on video
actually we will dip the chicken in this
milk and egg wash then the panko flour
mixture
I love pink oh and into this I was
hoping something happened there YUM
Isaac my friend Isaac gave me the tip to
cook them slow so I'm gonna do that tip
so into the egg into the panko
a lot of people say to do it twice
I'm not gonna do it twice why do you
should I don't know I think yeah we are
doing it twice do it twice this was part
of the moment decision on because of me
so we have looks good actually
hey Michel jump how high so for the
waffle fries the loaded waffle fries
have you it's going to be it's going to
have a blue cheese fondue over it a
balsamic vinaigrette reduction with
brown sugar scallions bacon and cheese
so you'll see as this cooking right now
I'm gonna start
I don't know I'm holding this guy
there's no starting out right now I'm
starting the blue cheese fondue so in
this little pot I have a piece of butter
it's gonna melt down and I have a jar of
I guess you would call a semi fresh
garlic cuz I don't feel like chopping up
my own garlic today but I guess you
would call a semi fresh right now I'm
going through the bags that have not
been put up yet to find said garlic
you're gonna come we might be on it some
of this what I call semi fresh garlic
boom just look at a nice smell - I don't
wanna scrape up the bottom of that pan
with this tonight
so Oh smell a bridge you can smell that
oh my god
okay now where is my parsley
can you take a shit please come on eat
the parsley okay
now that that's added I'm going to add
our garbanzo that gonorrhea garden to
Laguna we have gorgonzola gonorrhea
Garvin's Oh single Isaac we feeding
single letter clip in it
and heavy cream
everything's better with heavy cream
oldest camera desperate I'm here guys
carrot I need you all the camera Oh
laughs oh okay now we were going to make
a mess into the blue cheese fondue not
really wasn't hot yet not so good if you
like a stricken taste at this you will
drizzle over your floated please
potatoes
so I bring them here mom for sure
yep so while that's doing that if that's
not ready to be plucked yet there's
nothing else to do we found my coffee
pot oh if you make some coffee take
another look at our fondue okay give me
the camera
you're worthless to me Bridget does not
deserve doll the camera anymore
can't it wait until a minute until after
I've been stirring the fondue does she
have enough carrot are they gonna kill
each other or the carrot now the time
has come to flip our chicken
yeah golden brown golden brown this
piece is bigger definitely one of the
biggest piece summer let it brown a
little more so if you cook in the middle
Bridget taste that sunny hot pay is our
first taste test of the gorgonzola
fondue
be good oh my god now I'm going to start
our balsamic vinaigrette reduction as
you see we got our sweet potato fries
cooking I had a mishap with the balsamic
vinegar glaze I didn't add water so this
is the second version of it I was I was
getting pissed so this is actually one
cup of balsamic vinegar 1 cup of water
REE force a cup of brown sugar and I let
that cook until it's a glaze those are
done these are some finished chicken
that's the more chicken cooking
that's the fondue was together well
still got to do the bacon still gonna do
the scallions
the cheese it's gonna be a minute I'm
still cooking honestly I'm so thankful
all you now to cook anyway ah you know
what my did idea if it wasn't for you
what's that
you have it as world-famous now it is
time to taste the chicken for the video
let's run our crunch
hmm oh god yeah
that's still cooking is holding up a
dinner completely I'm so good okay
bacon 593 this is yours
oh okay cheese fondue our blue cheese
fondue rather nice a little bit of the
blue cheese fondue now you don't want
much of this at all
okay let's be about it no more of that
what was that green shed don't worry
Minh and of course that goes on last the
scallop mix which are just you know
chopped green onions and I will
microwave it for 30 seconds
and these will be our loaded sweet
potato fries and this is the first time
we've ever made them so this could be
shit hey Mon babe it could be horrible
hello I know it
10 9 Hey okay
shit five-o t2 and they all man damn day
um okay and nitrites go ahead
mmm-hmm how's it go well awesome and
it's delicious
I mean it's better than we had at the
restaurant guys so that's it
like/subscribe
we're about to watch the office
Bridget's already eaten here's my plate
sweet potato fries and chicken
sandwiches nothing else to say make it
at home and if you hate it it ain't my
fault my food is not meant for
consumption in case you get sick from it
so see you guys like subscribe favorite
all that bullshit
