what's going on you guys now I promised
everybody can hang on there one thing
they in the bathroom it stain oh I just
took a ship I okay yeah hey right fellow
camera oh it does thing alright it was a
wicked one we had Chinese for dinner we
had Chinese food anyways so I promised
everybody the other day when I told the
story about going to the movies I keep
forgetting to look here I've been
getting complaints here it is I'm
flipping the viewfinder now whoa okay so
people been writing me reminding me that
I promised them a vlog about the time
that I went to go see pineapple Express
and Bella is dumping on me hey girl
does she smell the shit too I turned the
light on by the way so everybody's been
reminding me that I have to tell the
story about the time I went to see
pineapple Express with my brother so
fuck it I'm gonna tell it and it's a
relatively worse experience than I went
inside Twilight and that was a bad
experience so when the fucking panel
Express come out Bridget we weren't
dating long this was like 2008 maybe or
so to the 2009 anyway we decided to go
see pineapple Express
opening night like oh we got to see this
fucking movie yes and I go with my
brother and my cousin Jessica hey Jess
and we're watching the movie we're not
watching the movie yet actually we are
watching the previews not even the
previews we are watching the fucking
advertisements you can advertise on this
screen or it's all go to the lobby all
that bullshit and my brother sit there
going oh fuck who's his fucking movie
starting and he's screaming this shit
and I see people were legitimately
turning him excuse me sir and this is
before the movie started and Bella just
jumped me a gun
so people get Amelia to us going yeah
sir can you and this girl comes up to us
before the movie starts and she comes up
I need you to shut up
and she has a pair of glasses on and
earrings he goes
earrings earrings glasses get the fuck
out of here glasses no come down please
don't you yell in my house all right
Bella she saw what happened again so
anyway he starts going shut the fuck up
earrings go take a new seat bitch and
she and her boyfriend get up and leave
yeah she had a boyfriend who didn't
stand up for her so nice go on bro so
she goes in moves and you hear other
people Shh
oh my god the preview start every
preview it doesn't matter if the movie
look good or not oh fuck this shit I
don't see that bullshit not seeing it
every fucking preview and couple Mike I
don't look too bad no I'll fuck that it
looks like shit so anyway pineapple
express starts and that was all almost
every scene he had a comment to hey oh
my god they're gonna fucking kiss now
Luke James Franco and Seth Rogen are
faggots for each other okay what the
fuck ever
eventually we're getting to about the
middle of the movie I don't remember the
scene I couldn't even watch the movie
cuz the whole time my brother was saying
shit oh fuck this he's yelling at the
screen so it ain't like Jennifer just
talking too loud they like this movie
he's yelling at the screen fuck you Seth
Rogen ya motherfucking he knows what
you're saying right now this
motherfuckers in Hollywood probably
probably drunk and high and whatever the
fuck else is in between all that so yeah
Seth Rogen's at his Hollywood mansion
give it a fuck if you like his movie or
not so anyway this fucking like fat guy
I don't say fat cuz I'm fat but he was
like me he has these glasses on and he
turns around you say one more word and
Charles goes fuck you fat ass fat tits
he goes I'm telling and he starts
marching down the stairs and my brother
goes now fuck this so Charles starts
coming after this motherfucker down the
stairs and I look at my cousin Jessica I
go I'm gonna fucking see what the fuck
is going on so I'm coming after fucking
Charles in the stairs so we get to the
lobby and we see the fat boy and he's
talking to the ushers and he goes
yes yeah there they are right there
these seasons coming and Charles goes
yeah fed motherfucker what why
motherfucker and the fat boy goes see
they're still doing it right there and
the fucking Oscars go sir you're gonna
have to leave the movie you can't be
doing that in a movie theater I go come
on Charles he's gonna know a fuck this
shit give him my motherfucking money
back
you'll sir we can call the police call a
motherfucking Popo call a motherfucking
Popo and there I am a shit I don't know
it was very I was like it was bad dude
like I'm saying those people walking by
looking I was like how you doing enjoy
the movie I enjoy the show and good
fucking god man finally we get to the
car
my cousin still inside the movie
watching it so he's sitting out in the
parking lot like he's gonna fucking kill
this guy when he comes out he just
sitting in the car mm-hmm yeah whatever
mother fucker at my job cut it out but
you can go to jail for this bullshit it
ain't fucking worth it and three it's
really immature
it's really mature and I'm glad I'm
embarrassed as fuck
I don't know the movie was good or not
oh my god yeah I tell people with that
movie sucked cuz I can't fucking watch
the goddamn thing every five minutes oh
fuck - and nobody enjoyed it it was a
horrible experience for everybody you
know what I like to wonder about
sometimes is what did that guy tell his
friends you know man there was some
drunk motherfucker in that theater
you know I'm Sam and I looked and say yo
bitch say sawmills so something else are
you gonna get some he got up he walked
out when a reality fuck I'm telling
regardless Bella lied telling
motherfucker
quit it you okay hey anyway that's the
gist of the story dude and Bella's
humbly creepella
shut up and let me touch you don't tell
no more stories and let me hump that leg
okay I love you too
yeah geez he detaching not till I'm
finished okay long story short it was
horrible I take you know moving them are
either okay
hi hi
