okay something weird I promised I would
stop talking about weird stuff going on
but when weird stuff is happening I'd
like to talk about weird stuff so right
now and it's used to some which is
totally blinding me right now
whenever okay we just came to the street
art or our yard to get our trash again
we just noticed
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here right now and today is
Sunday and today we're going over to
grandpa's house for a little bit of
Sunday dinner I feel like it's been a
while since we've done Sunday dinner I
know it's been like forever
guys grandpa was in the hospital all
last week and I'll be honest I was
missing that cookin that sweet delicious
cooking that my dad can do and oh my god
I hope you make pot roast oh nice oh my
god
I am excited if you didn't see the vlog
we uploaded a couple of days ago grandpa
is home he is feeling a lot better you
guys he was really sick he was in the
hospital for a week now he's feeling a
lot better he's home and back to making
fried chicken for Michael and Bridgette
I'm really excited that he's home and
that is cooking I think she's just like
you know what you get home got poly
chicken that's not true you guys know
what I am really happy in my dad's home
I'm I'm more optimistic that he's
feeling better so dad's gonna see you
soon
what do you say we just cut out the
central go straight for the chicken yeah
you can chicken I don't know I'm just
like wishful speaking at this point what
are you making guys this is going over
to my dad's house say what you just said
to me please what are you doing just say
what you just said I want the people I
want the vlog I want the I'm putting it
on the vlog guess we just got disinvited
to Sunday dinner change and plans you
guys originally we were gonna be going
over to Grandpa's house today
I just got off the phone with him and he
said in no uncertain terms he doesn't
want me coming over what we're not going
over to Dad's house why yeah he doesn't
want me to why and his words let me
raise Mike I just got home let me rest I
really wanted to go see Dad but you know
what not everything works out
you don't cry over spilled milk when's
the last time I use that you know cry
over spilled milk
I've never even heard of it you never
heard that um you don't cry over spilled
milk no it's like whatever and
happened it is what it is anyway guys
you don't cry over spilled milk is that
your new catchphrase no I'll never use
it after today it's over with what were
you talking about it look guys it
happened
we're not going over together it's not
funny I can just see like putting it on
your Twitter bio yeah it's like it's
like my new frame right like every vlog
I'm like well you don't cry over spilled
milk are you ever like the clapping whoo
we're not doing that I'm not having a
catchphrase guys we're not going over to
Grandpa's house so change of plans
nothing there what are we gonna do now
that was the whole vlog today now we're
into what play Friday the 13th yes play
Friday 13th and make grilled cheese
sandwiches I'm in see you tomorrow dad
seriously see you tomorrow we gotta show
them virgin I know right it's so here
tell us what this is it's like some sort
of spill which it can be any of the
liquids you see on okay it's a sign
light on my table this is three hours of
smoking no it is it guys okay what are
you like two weeks probably longer okay
now that that was a real stretch of time
right there okay I'm giving you a week I
serious this in a week are you that's
not even a carton
it looks like pardon anyway let's move
past this okay why are we talking I mean
talking about this I don't know why
we're talking in general yeah why are we
talking why are we talking we don't talk
yeah we hate each other guys I want to
know what this is because it has been
order our porch in liquid form in that
same like spot for like three weeks
yeah we came outside one day after it
was raining right and we started looking
we saw right here this like little
puddle on the step or on the porch and
we're like okay that's probably gonna
evaporate right well yeah it's gonna be
gone the next day we came back and it
was still there like huh
how weird is this so here usually liquid
evaporates by now then we came out like
a week later my bridge it's still here
yeah
all right I'm pretty sure it's
manifested life by this point like it
has to have manifested life it won't go
away so at some point somebody slid in
it yeah cuz it was a puddle form
announcing a slide yeah I don't know
what it is I don't know why it's still
here why it's haunting us haunting guys
this thing will go away we're haunted
again I'm gonna bring it up on in front
of this house yeah I'm done with that
let's move past all that yes cut this
out of the vlog are you editing this one
yes Bridget this is the loud bang so you
can see in the editing okay hey I got it
I'm telling you when you see the audio
jump up you'll know okay so there's your
do jump at this part of the vlog guys I
don't know what it is it shouldn't be
vaporators you guys it should have been
gone by now
but it isn't so anyway not going to
dad's we got a thing on our porch that
won't go away I don't know what it is
let's go get set to make grilled cheeses
okay something weird I promised I would
stop talking about weird stuff going on
but when weird stuff is happening I'd
like to talk about weird stuff so right
now and it's use the Sun which is
totally blinding me right now whenever
okay we just came to the street or 200
yard to get our trash can and we just
noticed footprints and I don't think the
whoever it is I think it's barefoot and
it looks like child's prints and it's
leading right to the house you see this
first sit next next to my foot it's
definitely not the same size
oh great and then there's more prints
over here but these are shoe prints I
don't know see look that's definitely a
shoe print you can see the markings of
the shoe there so I don't know what this
is where did they come from
what about this like what is this over
here yeah somebody was stepping in that
walked this way so they didn't hit the
in pile at all and they led up to this
this sucks
this is weird Michael this is truthfully
strange and I didn't see this earlier I
don't know what this is you guys I tried
to like ignore any weird stuff that's
been happening you know lots of weird
stuff is happening since we last said
we're done talking about it but I've
been choosing to ignore it in the face
of getting it to stop but it hasn't
stopped and now this is happening and
it's super weird and I don't like it we
got to go to the store but I went out to
the front of the driveway this morning
click up the newspaper and they weren't
here they definitely weren't here this
morning why do you think the trash can
with you huh
why didn't take the trash can with you I
hadn't come yet oh came this afternoon
want me to take it full trash back to
the house no I'm sorry
no it did come who cares anyway number
two it wasn't security because they're
not walking robear foot right those are
those were not shoe prints the second
friends those were not shoe prints these
will bare footprints so this really
strange yeah that's really weird
I think the neighbors just got home we
should ask them what we SAS sent a think
blocked in our yard or something so you
want me to walk over to our neighbor's
house knock on the door be like hey did
you guys like walk into our yard or
something yeah well I would rather be
broken down at McDonald's than do that
that's the worst idea I've ever heard in
my life
why McDonald's what why McDonald's it
doesn't matter
checkers Walmart Wendy's McDonald's they
no matter where I would rather be broken
down to the side of the road with a
freaking clown than asked him if they
walked into our yard okay I don't like
this stuff anymore well it's better then
it's better to ask just to see your the
answers gonna be no cuz they don't want
us to know they walked into our yard can
we go to the store yes cover this lens I
don't do what you say it's nothing to
joke about
okay so Michael is so embarrassed right
now would you saw cuz we're buying
toilet paper
I've told you uh I've told you before I
don't like buying toilet paper in the
store because everybody knows why we're
buying it right but everybody also has
the same problem
like not like us yes you got a buggy
full of ice cream hello
I don't have be just heard but a woman
started laughing when I was covering the
lens there when I was like oh they know
why we do it why we have it we have a
whole buggy full of ice cream she
started laughing I covered the lens and
after the camera was off she was like oh
ice cream just runs right through me so
I was like you know what I'm done told
the paper okay
we're not talking about it anymore guys
I really truthfully don't like buying it
for letting things Wow
not buying it using rags and socks in
town I've never done that we're back
from the store and it is dinner time
tonight for dinner
bridges cooking excited I'm really
excited guys this is a recipe that I
have not yet tried the frigid
she claims to be able to make the best
grilled cheese ever in the world in the
world in the world in the entire world
the whole wide world she's got the whole
world she thinks she makes the best
grilled cheese in the world today we're
gonna find out I'm waiting to find out
if she makes the best grilled cheese in
the world and I'll review it after so
what's first better butter that's mine
using Smart Balance almost like butter
guys you gotta watch your figure in this
day and age we're also using wheat bread
yeah which is why I'm saying it's not
the gross bulletins on wheat bread
healthy butter no thang already loses
this right here is the Publix deli
cheese it looks like she's using Vermont
cheddar I guess okay and look at this
the butter is melted oh cheese goes on
it like that and yeah then
guys leave I'm not looking good he's
even talking about marrying me now uh
that let me try it first and then we'll
talk about marriage oh okay crying what
Bridget calls the greatest grilled
cheese in the world yeah it's very hot
are you guys a little bit of cheese
action she's pole
how is it
that's a pretty girl teeth
really I've never use hot cheese before
it's great guys when she was talking
about the whole marriage thing it's like
before I was like I'm not gonna marry
Bridget because you know she's annoying
right sometimes she stings right
sometimes these things one time she
burned her fingerprints off and was oh
you know what don't tell people that I
was like you know what forget it but she
making pretty good grilled cheese so I
think I'm gonna pop the question one day
really Bridget uh-huh
will you make me another grilled cheese
I can do that guys just thing is don't
try it
I'd marry myself widget or take this
hand in marriage I do Michael
we take this hand and grab the sandwich
Bridget's I do we just got done eating
on grilled cheeses we had a good time
and now I'm a little bit worried about
Bridget this is a pretty strange as
weird right now
Bridget is playing Friday the 13th
wearing a Jason mask she's being Jason
she's freaking wearing a Jason mask
right now
what what why are you wearing the head
I just want to wear it bro it is weird
yeah why why is it weird yes you're
wearing a Jason mask right now okay
I don't know imma do that I have no
words no bridge are you alright
leave me I'm not joking anymore I'm
weirded out by this what do you mean you
were playing Friday the 13th hang on
you're playing Friday the 13th let me
cover this okay guys this is the
weirdest thing I've ever seen in my life
it's like could you imagine if I watched
the Halloween movies while wearing a
Michael Myers mask or watch Chucky
while holding the Chucky doll Oh am i
interrupting you yeah oh I'm sorry mrs.
Voorhees you get a good shot of bridgett
here
first you smacked it did not
bro you have totally smashed her oh my
god what we're doing this happen
you're freaking me out
we were supposed to be doing the
outright you guys
she has now started playing games you
played two other round since then
this is two new rounds you've killed
many people
it is your blood group like bloodlust
like unquenchable mrs. Voorhees halos
vlog together nice sitting here with
Bridget my am i bothering you've been
doing this yes I need to kill her well
he's crying blanked out can we do the
teeth after this can you do the outro
this is the weirdest thing I've ever
seen you guys this is super weird I'm
covering the lens we're doing the outro
that this is well that's gonna be a
pretty day you guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day aside from you
know the footprints aside from that that
was thought it was really weird guys
pretty good day bridge made a delicious
grilled cheese sandwich went out to the
store got some stuff guys
Bridget smacked that's the thing I need
to take away from this vlog you snapped
I didn't snap bro you were playing
Friday the 13th wearing a mask oh boy
that was strange to me it's October guys
let me know in the comments section if
you find that to be weird okay do normal
people do that do normal people play
video games what are you trying to say
that's not normal and you're not normal
for it I am normal
I said you're not normal for it guys I'm
getting out of here I just found it
weird let me know in the comments
section if you find it weird as well cuz
I don't know how it is I can tell you
some weird things you do like me more
just one you cap your pants that's not
weird and I don't do it ballads over the
relay sees food that's gonna be a
purveyor guys like subscribe favorite
fun everything but your eyes and that's
it and guys I'm totally normal
everything's fine
