what's going on you guys it is 2:23 in
the afternoon and today for lunch I'm
talking low because Bridge is still
asleep today for lunch I'm going to make
burgers I've been telling people for a
while that I'm going to make them on
camera haven't done it filmed a video
last night and then work out really it's
not that the burgers were bad or
anything it's just the fact that I
fucking kept forgiving that I was making
a video so I missed all the steps I
didn't do anything and then show you how
to do anything I didn't tell you
anything
so I fucking scrapped it but here you
take a look at a piece of it
vanna complication it is hard so long
cuz now ease God maybe just two weeks a
lil Mamba we're all full of lies
mama were mad for the Flies business I'm
baking copy your size mama this one and
here it is oh shit
wrong part I guess I just wanted to show
off that I'm the best singer in the
history of the world so anyway here's
another part mom's here she I made her
some food made her a burger and some
fries I made her a banana split
how was your holiday mom fuck up but uh
yeah we had this probably the worst day
ever
I will go with the Palin fucking
headache she had a flat tire hey Julie
fly there was a water leak down there it
like for gas stations to get to pray yes
we went to four different gas stations
for we finally found an air thing that
worked I I thought we don't have any
change
so I bought a fricken three musketeer
with a fucking debit card and well
hopefully I could get the cash back
option and you couldn't so I just took
it chucked it across the fucking parking
lot I don't want to fucking three
musketeers I wanted them fucking change
so anyway the first thing to a good
burger is the meat now my meat
is 73 27 which means there's a good
mixture of beef and fat because I'm a
fat fuck
and I like my burgers to be fat fuck -
in fact I'm gonna make two burgers and
they will both be doubles and I'll eat
them both because I'm a fat bastard so
whoa almost drop the fucking meat I
still would have used to it
so anyway 73 27 it's a nice mixture you
don't want if you get anything too high
I like it because there's a lot of Jews
it turned out fast food style so anyway
that's the first step
the next step is Pat eing your meat now
in a nice little Bowl and I what I like
to do is get it as thin as I possibly
can here in my hands because I like my
patties to be flat I don't like thick
hockey pucks for burger or so I'm gonna
keep doing this right here until it
shapes and it's small then I'll put it
down here on this plate that you can see
right here and I'll just continue to
work it here on the plate I'll just
continue and it's going to be this flat
piece of meat now I'm sure there's some
sort of small dick jokes that you guys
are gonna pull off and oh yeah your dick
small one flatten it's time consuming
okay so I've worked it on the plate and
it turns out like that really thin and
so I am going to place it in the freezer
okay so I'm getting prepared here the
burgers I want to show you the stuff I'm
putting on mine right here I've cut a
tomato you don't want them too thick you
don't want it too thin a good slice of
tomato usually I'll dice up the lettuce
two strips but this time I'm going to
use these chunks of lettuce just pull
them off then you've got pickles mustard
ketchup the buns
we got sesame seed buns I'm going to
butter the back into them and
to toast them for a second right there
and then I'm going to put it on this cuz
I want to wrap these motherfuckers fast
food style that's what I do I'm just
going to sit it like that we get the
bottom part
remember to scrape as you're doing this
because you don't want go out as a
butter just sitting on it like that
piece of the air oh and the piece I just
wiped on it so sit that down okay
Patty's Patties is our first set of
patties in the freezer for about 15
minutes and the reason you do this is
because first it's not going to fall
apart while you're cooking it that's the
first reason and two it just cooks up
easier altogether so I'm going to take
one off hold this camera I'm making it
difficult easy all right
they got one in there
now both for the green they're the only
things going to do is pepper
and salt
of it
just salt and pepper don't go crazy
don't go doing garlic and all this shit
you can and if you gotta have it you
gotta have it do it but if you just want
it if you're trying to make you a good
fast food style burger salt and pepper
that's it's all you need boss people
babies cook up
check on the other side of our buns not
quite on that one that part looks good
we bounce them
boom baby our bottoms are done those are
cookies these are almost changes part
over
as you can see it's easy as fuck to look
and let me tell you seriously if you
like the taste of fast-food burgers and
you can't recreate it at home this is
how you fucking do it I couldn't figure
it out for the longest fucking time I
couldn't figure out why I couldn't make
the burgers I tasted as a fucking
restaurants at home this is how you do
it
the burgers people make it home they're
fucking big and thick and it's too much
meat you gotta have it like this
meanwhile oh yeah boy boom our buns are
ready do the clothes to get ready to
flip
you want to crit on the bottom of that
you don't want to burn crispy just want
a nice little char crust I'm not ready
you know my cheese right here this is
Goethe which tastes like a sharp cheddar
but it's not all look at the mild
cheddar maybe it's delicious goes great
for these burgers I have I still have
the Kraft singles you can use those I've
cut up chunks of Velveeta and put it on
it cheese is cheese to me it's good
today I'm using Gouda I'm going to
boom both of them Chris
and that's how it's done there's gonna
be a good fuckin burger dude it's been
it's pretty much cooked already I can
take it up right now and eat it but I
like my burgers well-done
that's crystalline it by someone now
I've got two more burgers in the freezer
to cook I'm not going to do those for
video but I can tell you now before you
do it just make them for you dream the
fries off of those oh that's going to be
sitting in grease and boiling first like
a cheese second slice of cheese now
there's a trick and this light isn't
part of it me figure this bullshit out
there's a trick to getting the cheese to
melt quicker for you which I'll do is
take a little bit of water and put it
around the burger and you cover the
burger but like say like a top for a pot
or something and the steam will build up
and melt your cheese but my burger still
has a minute to go
so it'll melt easier that way in the
meantime I'm going to start making out
this bun so we'll take this when I'm
putting on it let's do a slice of tomato
I'll do the lettuce fir so with you the
lettuce
into the slice of tomato go ahead and
get this burger on the bun that cheat
isn't all the way melted dip I want to
put this one on top of it or oh geez let
me show you the burger it's been it's a
lot of grease but I mean what do you
expect
let me get you a shot of these burgers
down there now we turn this off take it
off the heat pickles okay we got a
pickle
Pikul
tickle I'm doing for pickles and I like
to dig around their pond the finished
ones pickle not everybody likes mustard
and ketchup on the burgers I do
I don't like onions but you can do
onions ketchup an onion and in half and
just take the strings and there we go
ketchup and mustard actually I will
catch up on the side there oh well there
you go yeah you have it
your burger is complete want to wrap it
in a second I'm gonna take a bite real
quick restaurant quality really usually
you're not going to be wrapped up with a
5 mm but I like to wrap my burgers for
people
I couldn't wait
toughest other burger cooking I just had
to have another like now I'm telling you
ma'am
legitimately I don't always like my
cooking this burger tastes like it came
out of a restaurant
so remember only salt and pepper freeze
it a little bit toast up your mind a
little get your condiments ready
and don't ever press down on it while I
cook thing you don't to squeeze the
juice out oh yeah you want it a little
healthier get the lean meat still good I
like this better
so bike
subscribe all that bullshit make this at
home
no bullshit make this at home British
when you pissed off the sheet and wake
up early I don't need to go to fast food
no more for burgers cuz they can make it
at home so anyway like subscribe
favorite see you guys
