well it's day two it's a Monday and we
got another fire going this time you can
see those real wood and a fake log
underneath it
these are Forks these are the prongs
because we're going to be making s'mores
that's right we're making s'mores Marty
that's an inside joke for grandpa if he
watches this he'll laugh of that so
marshmallows and graham crackers
I got great value graham crackers and
Bridget got home kissed I don't know
anyway oh there's bail just sitting out
there is a helloween playing Halloween
or the Christmas plays I won't use the
Halloween plate yeah you go
okay so we're making Christmas s'mores
on the Halloween plates so anyway I will
be making a s'more right now hold the
camera Bridget well I make marshmallow
okay all right
usually I don't like them burnt but for
this case I'm not sure yeah mom we got
massive marshmallows and
okay but melt I don't think that I want
it why cuz I want my mom LT I don't want
this Mars no leave it
okay it is time for the marshmallow to
come out if you look right here this is
our first failed attempt at the
marshmallow this we our second
successful attempt well then we're the
other half go okay Bridget ate the other
half what do you think yeah
here's more frigid mmm yeah give up the
chocolate
I got later I'll try it
all right now my marshmallow is about
done almost those are really good smore
uh-huh
see how milky that one is oh my god that
is why you get the small marshmallows
okay so Klaus here we go more diverse
more let's right
Oh God so this bum do this timepiece
trip fireplace some more wrap get some
presents wrestling's on trial this is
right now when I come back what that
should be in the kite no ma'am
I'm gonna tell a story every time
grandpa took his camping and made his
s'mores
mm-hmm it was a big fail
um I'll save free in a minute so I
promised yeah i'ma tell you a story this
is the story at the time grandpa was
making s'mores so my brother was a boy
scout it was for like maybe a month we
were all kids and dad goes motherfucker
you going on a goddamn Boy Scout trip
and so we went with my brother it was me
grandpa grandma my brother my sisters
and we all went on the little boy scout
shit and we all arrived at this lake and
first things first is apparently you
were supposed to bring your own food
which dad didn't know this so the soda
go we ruder and they go oh you're
supposed to bring yourself little snacks
ain't they go hello show what will you
bring hurry up bring your own goddamn
food oh fuck just get in the car and
that's well we have actually you can eat
with us and so dad goes all right that
does a smooth shit buddy that's bullshit
so grandpa eats all their food he makes
him like fucking five sandwiches out of
their lunch meeting they had beers and
he was Gosselin um but blah blah blah
blah oh good thank you very much and we
had a good time then nightfall comes and
everybody gets around the campfire and
they're gonna start telling stories and
roasting marshmallows and making s'mores
and dad decides he's gonna tell a ghost
story while making the s'more at the
same time it was some bullshit story
that I don't
remember it was probably stupid anything
so anyway it was an odd kind of like
dish dot right here
and it was real Docs he meanwhile he's
got this like branch with like ass
marshmallow on the end if everyone else
is using like those little pokers like
we got dad's got like a fucking tree
branch and he it was a night kind of
like this right here and I'll be good
damn point every goddamn one new gaudium
haha next thing you know downloads the
goddamn wood on his stick was starting
to burn up and it got to his hand so he
drops it and he drops his fucking
marshmallow into the ground and he goes
to pick it up that's a fucking hot-ass
marshmallow on his hands and he's going
oh god damn by the fuck ah and he stands
up my goddamn hand but both dick shit
I'm making another goddamn s'mores long
as I live you can have all this more you
goddamn one so everybody around the
campfire is going who the hell is this
guy and dashed in their old car damn
steer to blow on it blow my goddamn hand
oh shit my fucking head long story short
they asked my brother to leave the Boy
Scout them had to leave the next day
I'd say the moral of the story but I
don't really think there isn't moral of
the story grandpa just don't know how to
cook no fucking s'mores
