what's going on you guys those were
three again there's Bella there's much
Christmas bullshit and we are about to
light our first fire in our fireplace
with the log we need you know real logs
we got this it says it burns for four
hours
so even I'm gonna be embarrassed for
putting this up for having something
that's wrong or this fucking thing's
gonna burn for four hours Bella don't
you get burned baby Bell I don't want
you to get burned okay
what perfect sound effects as I start
the fire howling whoo okay there we go
so we've got the fire starting in here
before you people started going oh
you're not the wood to burn it with the
paper on it it says that right there now
regardless this is a flow let's set
those things up they work damn it great
well this is our first little fire and
thanks cute
again push it again I thought what you
pushing it shut up
shut up smoke alarm quit saving our
lives like what's the point of giving
you the fireflies that the smoke alarms
won't shut the fuck up well the only
good thing they came of is we know the
smoke alarm works come on this is
getting stupid now how do we disable
this thing let's take a look at this
thing that there's way disabled damn you
forgiving us working smoke alarms were
pissed what is this little thing well
we're gonna go figure this out does this
the first time this sucks how do you
burn a fire fireplace with a dish
this sucks
what are we doing wrong to YouTube
Chile's flipping this up for now this
thing what is it closed
there's nothing into that does no you
gotta like touch that thing get like
that's the thing the dogs are pushing
what that's where it goes up what yeah
what was this thing for then it says
push to open open it pulled over there
probably like a vent in there is that
what we were doing wrong YouTube yes
Bridget did it again folks I'm gonna
tired her being so damn handy
for somebody you don't smoke my lungs
are turning black black up in here well
this is our first little fire and I'm
waiting on the fire department now comic
book men's on yeah so anyway well of
course we should get real wood this is a
trial nothing burns for four hours them
for I was a yeah anyway I just want to
show you guys that is our little happy
family baby we are hot chocolate and
marshmallows hot chocolate marshmallows
a little fire or a little blue tree our
first batch of presents to start
wrapping up for the kids so not our kids
we don't have kids
well I think they realize that they
watch our videos some people don't know
beginning to look a lot like Christmas I
sang this song last night yeah that's a
good question
toys in every store every store so I can
go to the post office that's the store
right what's this what's another store a
shoe store and get toys anyway that's it
like subscribe leave that alone
yes Bridget there's a purpose for that
there's a purpose for that ok let's
watch the smoke start filling because we
close the vent Midway's
I want smokin counting on you yeah Oh
it'll come anyway like subscribe
favorite and was there something we had
to do 125 thousand subscribers people
can write me about it I think we're all
supposed to get a cat or something what
else can we do because to be honest I
don't trust a cat at his house in any
way let me know what you guys think like
subscribe favorite see you guys
