like don't ride the house hey put that
down
yeah yep no change every light bulb no
no one I supposed to be telling him you
did well the chair about the chair so
the chair was right here and I couldn't
figure out how to get it in that room
but Bridget knew and Bridget figure it
out and Bridget handled it's a good job
Richard and everyone knows how hard it
is to get furniture in different rooms
so I can't get credit for that it's like
a perfect fit now how do we fluff this
shit out
I almost don't want to touch it cuz
Bridget done such a good job just lazy
I'm not that Floyd where is it we reveal
easy talks right there don't feel
beautiful
no I'm lazy no just a good job I'm I
screwed up okay what are the odds at
Chinon cried this whole time and that's
crying again doesn't like you
you're hurting mama so let me film this
tree tree Michael Wiese white dog bad
fireplace well it is now 1202 set for
midnight and I have to go back to
Walmart because we got the wrong size
lights I thought they were right they
were wrong we got 60 bulbs and we need
what five 100 bulbs 2500 and we ended up
getting 120 stops got gone right now
don't do it well it's 1:00 in the
morning we're back and we got new lights
and we got some new shit for the tree so
now we're putting up this thing has been
all night hey why is it he ignores me
just doesn't like me
there's Bella in her little dress
and this is Bridget doing the light I
was trying to be polite and she said a
wrong sad was the dumbest shit you've
ever said my life were buried in the
tree yeah I had him I had him all the
way back here and then I'll Bridget hang
them on the edges well they're gonna get
ripped off by the dog okay wink wink
yeah that's her way of not want to admit
it this light is being a bullshit dude
look at this
yep are you ready yeah they ready let's
do in Garfield here's our tree beginning
to look a lot like Christmas toys in
every store
there's always toys in the stores but
this prettiest sight to see is a holly
battle be on your own front door
