ah get me ready Michael Thanksgiving the
borrow how much food we having a lot
what is this thing why don't I cut his
mother but no judge that the Papa okay
so we're these enough hands dick that
would hurt pulls them out your ass like
that yeah I'm sure it would hanger my
wrists won't let me do it
how early do we need to get here uh
early what time is dinner like one is
about eleven o by eleven vision we can
still go to yours from your grandma's
tomorrow for banks any because Leonard
dinner here is 11 pull them out for me
are you serious Bridget come hold this
other strength about arms you're joking
sir pull this and it's rigid fuck
whatever you doing hold this camera I
don't want I have hopes of shit Turkey
this yeah boy oh dude it snapped
whatever there did you give oh god this
is great the neck out oh my god oh god
this running you love me but you have
sex change that your boyfriend okay
what's next yeah gonna come out this
know that people that that's Annette oh
my god be good together
yeah I got it yeah what does that shit
cook about dude so we're trying to do
turkeys the most disgusting shit what is
this ah you live under gizzard please
put a tampon oh my god that's it oh wait
I kind of wash my hands now
yeah
I coming over tomorrow we don't skip
dinner I'm gonna cook the goddamn
therapy right now yeah that's something
why you cook the turkey a day early
Michael look it always dry oh I got one
goddamn pot to cook in losing a
miscarriage oh my god oh this is really
disgusting
I got your goddamn biscotti and we eat
this every year you like this every year
every year horrifying okay that's subtle
bridge a weed cutter on Thanksgiving
turkey ever whoa come on what it's
enough damn sault sainte hearing up yet
boy come on dude seriously who is this
little flap of brown and shit oh dude
this this turkeys in at a ball dad
motherfuckers gonna be dead no it's not
and he goes that covered up hey girlie
wickedly then you can make Asia this
year good before the old baked cookie
shut up
you didn't give me that damn bootlace
what they didn't give me that food out
that wagonette hurt
nice people down there man it's a good
wolf ice turkey now I don't want to see
this again before it's cooked okay
that's disgusting
this is that thing it's a thermometer oh
I hope whoever that yeah wash your hands
right my god dare you the smell
damn Ernest knife do you smell that I
don't turn that
good Josh hands
fuck this answer your question fuck
bitch I watched you get him wet
shut up
turn it off dude you have shit particles
in the turkey now you'll cook out
please addressing - so - shit -
Nevermore and all its glory here's
dinner what is this like okay didn't
shit please turn that off
that's your pot Michael what that's ours
are you sure I swear I swear it ain't I
stole Virginia that I gave her to you
