what do you all I'm just filming talking
to you I'm calling this a conversation
with angrily practice the other day
finally my car cactus cactus car don't
go there
why don't you know better you told me
you did gonna shut up you straight you
strictly just lied to the kids in cactus
cactus look at this is if you want it
done right you got a cactus we want the
right to do to fuck at home well who do
you go to to wash your car oh you don't
you know wash it at all
hey my car was horrible yo goddamn car
should have been called chaste area have
you noticed the faces Bridget makes yeah
my car was horrible what bullshit you
like Jim on the office when you look to
the camera no I am NOT maybe you should
slow down smoking where you get the
money pretty cigarettes from out of
neigh I got one pack left does it what
are you gonna do I'm gonna be out Oh
dad's gonna be naked again this is gonna
be bad dude thanks kiddo no cigarette
that's gonna kill me oh nothing I think
like as I got a cigarette
so grandpa's gonna have a smokeless
Thanksgiving now the house will be
plenty smoked did you burn all the damn
food you woulda smoked just breathe the
air that sucks that's really kinda
stupid yeah you beneath the shipper how
many years yeah but now I've learned how
to cook my cereal or I cook shit well
you know we yeah I know now he has my
fear you know what we need to do what he
was been saying that we need to have a
cook-off you'd lose I would own you
cook-off who's gonna judge it
Bridget oh yeah right I'm really gonna
do that shit who who do you recommend
you make really good baked macaroni he
bakes better than I do
angry nachos vaigai crony this year your
big me you bad dad usually for baked
macaroni gets like the elbow noodles and
cheese easier
and milk yeah it's easier this nastier
easier dad's method this year I don't
use their cheese mix though dad's mid
dad spit meal this year box of Kraft
cheese box of Kraft noodles hick cheesy
cheese it was
what happened you've just given up you
care I can still I cook you with a
goddamn box of crap Happy Thanksgiving
no I make better bars crowd Oh Bridget
Bridget can boil a pot of noodles the
good Box directions better than both of
us dad I I do know we need to come up
with a dish and we both cook it we get
someone to try it and winner some
impartial person who I don't want just
bottle fee for strangers how about we
get Jennifer mom and what no I don't
know that'll work
why mom I don't want her over I got a
restraining order on her now you do not
yeah I do
are you see you really got a restraining
really got a restraining order now her
cocking her fat ass up on the goddamn
car trying to show me a couch that did
it you can't get a restraining order for
that you're lying you're just saying
that I got a restraining order you're
lying about this
of course I'll call the cops so anyway
we get mom Jennifer and Bridget and who
else do you say there's nobody else
we're gonna bring out some homeless
person waiting to eat in a couple days
yeah you go he was gonna love both of
them he ain't got no taste buds no more
alcohols didn't dissolve them you don't
understand why don't I understand
mom's gonna be better just tell the day
just give it up now what dish I'm not
sure Leone's yours
oh I know it doesn't yes a guide or does
ya promise you it does that does not it
does it does I made up the other day
Chili's my chili rapes grandpa's chili I
am the winner of the chili yeah I know
chases it in prison did words mom did
well how's mom think of it she thought
it was so good that's cause she ain't
got no taste buds ingredients
ingredients for anger grandpa's chili
tomato sauce beans hamburger meat
packing of chili seasoning that's not
true
ingredients for my chili beef uh chili
powder actual can't I think a chili
powder cumin
you bought that shit lately coming we
put coming on cumin others it coming I'm
coming I'm coming I'm fucking missus -
and I got ya like Miss - - we will have
a cook-off we will set this for when you
lose I'm gonna own you in the dad dad is
gonna hurt dad's pride so bad that was
some fried chicken
I can't fry chicken you would beat me oh
man I be but I can cook anything what's
my best dish the blue is Eddie spaghetti
cook I can't make spaghetti my spaghetti
will change my spaghetti sauce will take
eight hours just because you're whatever
Kanna hunts with a knife that you
Whittle open like a homeless person I
will win that would you could talk about
homeless people bare they can't help it
I'm missing what typical homeless people
on some of those services the homeless
are really crazy no that's not true
where did you get that statistic online
you know what I saw online that guy Dan
Kapiti again I saw online I couldn't
think of anything but I saw nothing
online I don't know oh that go are you
ready for Thanksgiving you know start
cooking tomorrow
yep sure start cooking tomorrow night he
cooked a day early he's tomorrow night
grandpa's gonna start cooking his food
for whatever fucking reason cuz I'll
we're ready by eleven o'clock in the
morning so get up us are cooking at 8:00
I gotta Bob and start putting shit on
but either you do the turkey a day early
it's not judging so much stuff got to go
in the oven do the turkey last and then
it saved the other two I took it's gonna
take three hours so you get up at 8 9 10
11 and then only me enough time to guide
into the mac and cheese the retail of
your turkey is dry as shit later and
then you make your and then he makes a
good gravy and has got like chunks of
flour all in it he doesn't whisk it oh I
gravy competition Wrangler grandpa I
will race
and great vacation forget it go home
Alfredo get out Alfredo competition a
grand papa
Alfredo competition I got you out free
to write your bitch get out of my way
okay are you saying that you're saying
you're going home
I'm not leaving are you actually getting
everything y'all are leaving right now
whoa okay okay at your love seat I'll
turn it up I'll turn off
