what's going on you guys they want
Bridget walking by I wanted to tell a
story
all right this fucking line is getting
unreal this thing has got a stone like
some sort of audit it's own light Auto
see that like my mittens I don't turn
the auto light off all right god damn
you light yeah so I wanted to tell a
story from the other day actually so
Friday night Britton and I celebrated
our anniversary we wouldn't see the new
Twilight movie and all that shit and I
won't lie actually did enjoy the movie
fuck it I enjoyed the new Twilight movie
my sister said she would disown me if I
said that I did I enjoyed it a little
bit I enjoyed it a lot I liked it so the
next day we were visiting with my dad
and stuff and my other sister she says I
want to see the Twilight movie so I said
fuck it let's go so I took her to see
the Twilight movie and I gotta say this
bitch does not have movie theater tone
it's crazy
she does not know how to talk in a movie
theater we're sitting there and it's as
I thought it was like something before
the previews were playing that it was
okay I guess she was sitting there
saying stuff but hey what do you thinks
gonna happen and I'm thinking you
already know I saw it I know it's gonna
happen so follow the lights dim and the
preview start playing and she didn't
quiet down any previous to none I don't
want to see that movie I'm going oh fuck
okay I got the people behind us going oh
my god yeah I see via people in front of
us start moving around in the seats and
shit and she's doing this for every
trailer oh my god that looks so good it
showed the trailer for the host uh what
is the host from who's Stephenie Meyer
when she wrote Twilight you're seeing it
now okay and all God this continued and
continued and then the movie starts and
I'm like okay she'll shut the fuck up
now right when the movie starts I got
excited
I'm saying this is really loud like I go
okay yeah like I'm whispering and shit
so she knows movie theater tour I'm
going yeah yeah yeah watch this part and
she goes I am watching oh shit shut the
fuck up finally against to the oh I
don't to say what part but something
happens and she goes do you see that at
this point everybody in the theater you
hear you hear people in the distance Oh
God Oh which I picked shut the fuck up
shut up bitch it's fucked up and and I'm
embarrassed as fuck and then and at one
point a guy in the movie goes hey and
Jennifer looks at me good that's gonna
be my new laughs now that's gonna be my
new laughs and I'm going oh come on
please and that's when you see the
people you can see the whole theater
people going and you hear people in the
background Oh God shut up Shh long story
short she made it an unbearable
experience I don't know if she watched
the movie or not I'm not sure if she
knows what happened at the end all I
know is she wouldn't shut the hell up of
course she knew what happened at the end
she was crying during it there's no
meanwhile people like I'm just leaving
this fucking thing people walking out of
the theater and Bella calm down she will
pay attention to me asshole okay hey hey
anyway people were leaving early like
their little final scene was playing us
how people getting up walking out and
shit so long story short not taking you
back to another movie
I put it I'd I'll take you to a movie I
know you listen you you watch the movie
in you oh this you just shit like that
not oh my god what happened is dead oh
it's a it's unbearable
look I'll probably take you to another
movie but it's gotta be when it's been
in theaters like a month and there's
nobody else there it's rough this was
like the time that I got kicked out of
pineapple express and I don't know if I
told you that story or not but I'll say
that for another day another relative
another horrible movie experience I'll
see you guys
it's guys okay Bella hey do we need to
get you a lover what give me my daddy's
leg I need it I need Matt I need him hey
hey he'll come dearly
