what a whole goddamn pocket
nope stop don't do that don't do that
Idaho goddamn bow if they're in there do
you really want them yeah I am they
gotta go what was this god damn meat
here you know what that goddamn Twitter
keep me out of camera here and I'm
trying to help bambo clean this mess
because there were some neighbors 20
there were neighbors outside while this
was happening and they got good at 20
I'm pretty sure they call the police
here dude ain't bad let's get a table up
verges help me all we need is the cops
show up
oh dude your glasses you want those back
I can't see but wink I don't want you
got me are you taking this Twinkie thing
too far yes I am you you like these
snack cakes and faces Milo's got a few
regulars out kind of creepy
it was pecan pinwheels before remember
that and you'll give a shit about those
you're not gonna care about Twinkies how
many tween
dollars god damn I don't know what to
tell you them came a couple of Jesus
Christ man is I want to throw up
mayonnaise all over ya that was a cop
here that's all just neighbor Monica a
wait when is here twice or oh god oh
shit no she's not bullshitting oh goody
quit
who is that though
hahaha oh jeez Oh Nell cycle today
tweeze say to my snowball oh my god I
can't throw a snowball oh my fuck no
balls hostess burger and ain't today
hosted snowball today to us Bilbo Bengal
snowballs our hostess are not God I
heard a word all day our doll Twiggy
because hostess sells the Twinkies those
little pies you like oh I know those
little paper pies you like to get in a
little brick bottom goddamn little pecan
shit
oh no gonna pies no I don't think those
to die for
I'm talking about the like the little
cherry and apple pies that you microwave
and stuff oh man people those are gone
so those are good and they're gone
everything hosts this well then hosted a
bit of Communists they got stuck it on
the shit now that because it at SEC
would into Commons
you proud of yourself cop okay Bridget
what is that like he believes a SWAT
team is outside his house I mean that
looks like a lady cop right there well
like subscribe favorite Bobbi's
Rodriguez dumb dummy
hey yeah if you got the money to spend
on eBay sing grandpa a couple boxes of
Twinkies oh that is so far and I'm still
cooking it oh my god is burnt Chris make
you feel stop it all right we want what
you weren't
we've worked anyway Bridge you weren't
invited we're watching you have feet
tonight and we are not eating dinner
here
okay what are you even doing with that
me to make it burn like that
what do fucking matter to you you ain't
eat it you see IMAX
oh but I've gotta back off
okay goddamn bomb Twiggy's right there
you think that motherfucker
