well it is our anniversary and cold
stone creamery together I gotta have it
ma'am I didn't expect this big ass
motherfucker
I got the same thing he got a nice no
one knows don't die huh one we just got
back from Outback Steakhouse
I got lamb and bridging got prime rib
and crab cakes it was good
so uh here we are at Cold Stone Creamery
act work now I gotta have it
this first time I've ever been here and
got an ice cream last one was here I
just end up getting like one of those
like cookie things but I guess I cream
was on that but I didn't like this so
yeah Bridget was telling me she goes
every time I come here I get cotton
candy I'm getting cotton candy I'm
different you don't know what that
tastes like
so look I got stop recording this right
now cuz my fucking I can fall in love
Liz that's a happy anniversary Bridget I
spin kisses so happy anniversary
whole stone creamery target and melting
ice cream that we breathe it love you
and the second part of our date to turn
this on is we are going to the movies
and yes the Harry Potter fan is going to
see the new Twilight movie we really
like the last one so this one should be
good I want to see it too um yeah we we
thought they would sell out so we can
bought our tickets online like we got to
go to a Fandango for this shit so we're
going to see the new Twilight movie
right here at Regal Cinemas 18 there's
nobody here there's a ton of people here
excuse me so there was a good movie for
you ah
I really enjoyed it when Bella came back
to life with a baby two old people
leaving from the Twilight movie I assume
anyway we're looking for a space these
old people are backing up sweet Otto let
me phone in the theater turn around and
go big Oh sweetheart god damn you
you always fuck things up anyway these
motherfuckers double-parked I'm gonna
miss shit it's like an episode of Curb
Your Enthusiasm damn horse whores
fucking sediments from Bridget you are a
slut so nice park going to see the
Twilight movie now I think it'll be very
good anyway here we go Twilight happy
anniversary by the way
new camera that was a really good movie
it was people who people who don't know
our channels really fuck is he doing so
anyway that was our anniversary we went
to the movies we die screaming wait fuck
that all up that night we went to
Outback Steakhouse then the ice cream
I was the ice cream parlor I took my
gather the ice cream parlour and got a
soda pop so I got our root beer float so
we went ah Outback Steakhouse went to
Cold Stone Creamery and the movies just
eat white light and it was actually good
I'm not gonna lie she dead crying she
cried at the end
spoiler alert Robert Pattinson dies
Robert Pattinson gets his throat ripped
out and anyway mother fuckas were upping
heads off and shit dude the most the
most epic head thing was when the
motherfucker put his like some guy they
takes his boot put those in the face and
the snow and just rips his fuckin head
off that was crazy
cracking everybody else is going oh my
god I mean Bridge this fuckin heads gone
so anyway that's it
like subscribe I don't know if you can
see us right now but I'm gonna use the
footage anyway so like subscribe
favorite subscribe to bang a grandpa
show and happy Anniversary to Bridget
goodbye to the movies it was a good
night it's late
it is late I bought my tickets on
Fandango and I didn't need to there was
no line subscribe
