post some like prank ideas in the
comment section below first refer yeah
so I can use them Bridget
let me know some prank ideas
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here for Josh he are right there
today is the day after Friday the 13th
what is is that like the only thing you
live for Friday the 13 like what are you
going to say Sunday today is the day
after the day after Friday the 13th like
it's over okay what is yesterday me and
Dad pranked Michael I can relive it guys
let's go ahead and get this blog's I
don't want to relive it
we hats you guys if you didn't see the
video we uploaded yesterday on the angry
grandpa show Bridgette and her dad
pranked me into thinking Jason broke
into the house they had the alarms going
hey good for you it was funny guy did
Doug like turn off the alarm
like seriously why did he record that I
would have loved to see Doug fool Jason
going like what the hell is that code
again 0:07
oh yeah who cares so if somebody breaks
into our house they know the first three
digits of our alarm code is what it is
we'll change it guys I'm sorry I wasn't
thinking today is Saturday and today
we're gonna be so I just farted it is
what it is guys yesterday was Cindy's
birthday oh shit
Oh could you stop oh
yesterday was Cindy's birthday you guys
she actually was born on Friday the 13th
yesterday was Friday the 13th today we
are celebrating it we're having Olive
Garden Suite Olive Garden oh right yeah
we better be going all garden the next
thing on our way to Olive Garden right
now you guys remember post some like
prank ideas in the comment section below
for surfer yeah so I can use them
Bridgette let me know some prank ideas
what what chill okay so here's the
spiderweb dangling if I can see it
and there's the stone you want a chill
bridge it's right there
are you alright scared what's that one
oh my god Bridgette it's a spider
I was always filming have you worried
she ran into a crab spider folks I don't
know I'm gonna do with her guys remember
comment in the below comment in the
below post in the comments below prank
ideas for her and I might get her
maybe something to do with spiders I
don't know revenge I didn't put that
spider there guys let me know prank
ideas may be a spider handler or
something right me I don't know just
something crazy we are sitting here at
home running right now for Cindy's
birthday happy birthday said dude so
Cindy's aware we are all going to be
singing happy birthday to our here
pretty soon
whenever your dessert gets here
little well right everyone you're gonna
help right right Jimmy you help he's
helped but we are all singing happy
birthday sand and I will be doing my
high-pitched voice as usual all right
everybody
are we ready to sing descending yeah
okay
everybody sing louder
I'm the other one that's saying with any
heart Jimmy's like I don't care another
birthday never will come next happy
birthday Sydney we're gonna continue
this in the parking lot because it's
really loud the happy birthday soon
very I'm very happy we're leaving the
Olive Garden right now it was a good
time had a really good time it was fun
hey wait Bridget does everybody know
that this is who shannon is inspired by
guys you need an hour Shannon favorite
Channel okay no you're all right no why
would you have to take your glasses off
well go ahead take off my mom take your
glasses off good yeah gorgeous so so
let's see let's give her a Shannon line
to say I would say I'm making say I'm
making reindeer cookies I'm making
reindeer cookies what's your favorite
Channel everybody I'm making reindeer
Cooper musician oh yeah guys this is
Shannon okay
Shannon is AB is a mixture between
Evelyn and Kasey Oh Evelyn and Kasey
yeah the two of you together equals
Shannon yeah okay guys I have Casey
that's her name right
Chuck's wife yeah she's Jimmy you're
Jimmy come on man you've been in this
family longer than me her sister Jimmy
I've been in this family less time than
you this is absurd I heard anything I
didn't know what
so anyway we're leaving okay
happy birthday where's Jimmy's hi okay
Jimmy you want a hug in this country
keep up the trouble causing problems
what an ominous way to walk away from a
conversation
drive safe love you
in this scenario my the bookstore we're
home right now you guys you know we got
a little more vlog to do before we do
the out of trouble before we do any of
that I want to talk about some of the
trouble that I have been getting in
since I started wearing this DEA shirt
now if you can't see there's three
little letters say l ER so it actually
says dealer but it seems every time that
I wear this shirt it's either people
giving me respect that I don't deserve
like thank you for your service sir and
I never like I don't do anything because
I can't take you no credit I'm somebody
who actually does do their job like I'd
be like a piece of crap like yeah I'm
actually a loser uh this says dealer
it's not D yeah I'm actually a youtuber
and they always give me guys that's the
first thing however tonight was a little
bit different yeah tonight I thought I
was gonna get knocked unconscious okay
let me just hit guys we're walking
through the grocery store and I'm just
having a good ol time and somebody walks
up to me and they say blank the police
and I'm like okay man like I don't know
why he was saying it is like so ironic
that this happens right after you know
abdomens like somebody's gonna try to
stir the pot Mike well she predicted
something right we're walking through
the store the guy's like you like the
police I'm like okay nice to meet you
like what are you what are you telling
me this for you had me so I keep walking
and he's like following behind me yeah
you
I said at the police I'm like I heard
you sir you know nice to meet you you
know I don't know if it was a fan I
don't know what was going on but he
started to get aggressive he comes up to
me he was like oh I see you hear what I
said like like one light you know what's
going on man you sure da I'm like dude
dealer look dealer dealer I am not about
to get nothing conscious over a shirt
there's a lot of people that are not
being conscious for other stuff like
winding on vlog or poop in my pants I'm
not about to get like knocked out
because of Asherah excited to where I
know it's going to be out of control
what you probably really embarrassed him
though and he realized what well he
walked papers again well still the old
Sandlin blanket police dude he was
highly aggressive okay
highly aggressive nice to meet you man
but like bro you know it's a joke just
like what that's what happens that kind
of disrespect what I do I'm just
shopping for groceries and like okay so
guys I'm getting close to not wearing
the shirt in public again okay it was
embarrassing it was awkward it was scary
it was terrifying like yeah then
afterwards by the way we met the guy
later his name's mark wonderful guy play
wonderful guy I asked him to follow me
on Twitter really I don't want to meet
me in the park mom I hate me what's your
name
host more well go ahead nice to meet you
man dealer not DEA did you guys miss
this point right Olive Garden I don't
know if it's too dark to even see you
look at this guys you gotta see this
actually well i'm laura i'm blur shannon
has really done it this time I don't
want to humble light but it's too dark
guys okay does this thing like ever like
film unblurred they got to be nice okay
here we go guys
first there's new stuff three little
flashing ghosts
where these things are this it's the
stuff oh yeah what does this Jason mask
don't ask question what's going on
nothing
why is this somebody Jason to Chloe
what's going on what's going on you're
plenty more stuff no but I don't like a
collection of Jason mask I've never seen
this one before when I do that yeah you
would know I would see what I look like
as Jason Voorhees hey is it skin flap
your dad was wearing still here yeah cuz
I want to put it on too okay
I can't put the mask on we take this yes
looking good so this is what be like if
Jason Voorhees had a vlog this is what
it'll be like you guys and of course do
you got to be the mom I don't know what
she does you play the game a million
times in it you can't be like Jason
mother's talking to you look at this
thing where did you get this I'm not
telling you my secret it stinks it does
it smells like robot Factory oh my god
anyway man oh you're so cute I'm not
everything that I do is cute that's not
saying you're really cute Jason oh my
goodness look at me all right here we go
Jason mother is talking to you yes mom
yeah so Bridget Calvin yeah yeah kill
Bridget what so this is what it would be
like if Jason Voorhees was a YouTube
blogger right like what's going on you
guys
Jason be on a camera here and today I
did a whole bunch of killer stuff okay
first I went fishing and Crystal Lake
then I hung out with my mom a little bit
what if Jason on the YouTube channel
what would he call his fans
the counselors yeah what counselors
taste in here okay I got shot the other
match this one's one up counselors Jason
here Kiki keep my mom up and today was
freakin killer first thing I did was I
went out the Hinkins Haven and I smashed
this dude with a bird feeder then number
two no a birdbath not a bird feeder
I'm not a good Jason okay so the bird
feeder was a birdbath so that's that's
if Jason how to YouTube me my face
smells like the mask guys I can't
describe the smell it's like a Oh like
like she said an old factory right my
god like a dirty factory and now I smell
like it I mean it's kind of an approval
when it smelled like before let's give
you this outfit well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day it's been a really
good day we're hung out with your mom we
went out to dinner for her birthday I
dressed up like Jason my life was
threatened thanks mark nice to meet you
I'll follow you back maybe
not I'm not following about now no he
acted like he knew who we were to was
yeah yeah grumpy grandpa I know that
like yeah man that's totally us so
anyway guys I'm getting you out of here
dressed up like Jason hung out with
Cindy got my life threatened now I'm
getting out of here it's over long day
pasta pasta we had pasta bridging us
scared by spider you guys started
posting comments below for prank ideas
this is a long fulfilling day anyway
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite following everything
to us
and remember smack the like button for
Bridget again price know I love you guys
so much remember that and it's Michael
