what's going on you guys keep yawning
camera here and I am on my way to
grandpa's house and there's Bridget time
dry so I probably shouldn't have that
bright light in your face or hey wow
that's funny I'm um I did the
ventriloquist thing you can see our
mouth moving
McGirt a car oh shit there's one it's
like it like fuck going to the fair when
you ride in the car with Bridget it's
always like you're an amusement park
rides
ah anyway yeah and when you drive I just
one of you anyways okay uh I'm I'm
really a tentative watching all these
other people because I don't trust them
I trust Bridget I don't trust the other
drivers they see see fucking people do I
can go out now right hmm I see a car
there but it really dies people just
decide that they can gonna I think I can
go now by the way you can't so oh I'm on
my way to grandpa's house why don't you
tell me what I did today babe
Bridget why virgin means that credit
merchant gave grandpa $400 pay his bills
yep so there you go she she got that
credit yeah so anyway
we're going to Grandpa's house to give
him the money now that's why money I
need credit for that
it's a lot of money but God one hairy
bastard look at me shave oh no I'm not a
shaving um what is that a dumpster baby
yep
I don't know any dumpster babies there
okay I'm getting off of this shit
there's the McDonald's right there spicy
chicken 1 da 1 da ville' spicy chicken
let me add it a pen this thing hey what
are you doing look at money Jean
Lightner it no there's not that damn
brush it Bridget garbage cans over there
Jesus I know ok I know uh Jodi shit no
don't show that that's Michael side by
the way oh there is something in there
what the hell boy Finders Keepers I
guess you see I ain't your shit you give
it to me I really didn't expect change
to be in it get out my cooler
well I'm due looking that was like a
king you think if you leave now he just
felt like a dollar 98 cent you had a
dollar 21 plus 98 cent do the math I
can't well I am leaving grandpa's house
right now and if you didn't see the
video that I filmed while we were there
he didn't have any cigarettes it's sort
of the reason he called me there today
because he wanted to see if I had any
money for cigarettes which I eventually
did buy him some packs of cigarettes
in case you were wondering I bought them
like fucking six-pack so that should get
him to the next hour or so
so anyway god I miss cigarettes
he said it's crazy when he Nick's like
this dude he's crazy
I've seen it before so I brought the
camera I saw growing up in the house one
time when I was a kid he was making so
bad that we were all sitting at the
table eating and yes sometimes we did it
as a family believe it or not sometimes
we ate together and talked he was so
nicking he was nicking so bad that he
just flips the whole fucking dinner
table and the fucking had like a little
ball with damn lima beans and shit it
and I was on the floor and whatever the
fuck he cooked that and I was on the
fucking floor and he just went to bed
rolling around while you're sleeping so
he does not take this nicotine fits very
well so whatever I'm glad you got your
cigarettes dad but I don't know what the
hell you're gonna do tomorrow night cuz
you're gonna be out oh shit anyway
that's it like subscribe it's good to be
described to her subscribe to Bridget
and that's it later you guys
