what's going on you guys it's really
late right now and I was just sitting
there listening to some of these Sandy
Chapin prank calls and I've decided to
upload one for you guys actually gave
everybody the whole Stevie because it's
really hard to get a hold of this shit
it's really hard but Sandy Chapin is a
guy he's an old friend of mine used to
do prank calls and I actually don't even
know who the where the fuck he is
anymore haven't talked to you on a long
ass fucking time so if anybody actually
knows who sandy Chapin is send him to
kid behind a camera because I like to
catch the fuck up with the guy anyway
this is a Cindy Chapin prank call call
plumbing problems
it's fucked up so check it out thank you
for calling this off Christmas reporter
this is Mabel home a couple of him with
a gun can I get your name please my name
yes my name is Mabel Oh Mabel I thought
you said navel like a bellybutton orange
oh no Mabel I mean you don't even name
maple too much anymore yeah Jimmy here
with the rest of the King Mabel no he
was this really fat black guy they
changed his gimmick now he's called
viscera anyway connect me with room 209
is there anyone in 208-210 with B
there's nobody until 8:00 or 210 are you
guys like completely empty no which
rooms like when you guys fill up a hotel
here's a good question
when you guys go to fill up a hotel
which rooms do you fill up first they're
gonna random oh it's random okay
how about 1:12 I'm sorry we don't have
112 it's where the players dwell but
anyways the name is Brett Gurewitz I'm
sorry we don't have anybody by that last
name in our hotel how about Johnson I
love it Johnson would you like me to
transfer you oh yes thanks to Megan name
put me through to Sandy Chapin : down at
the front desk are you enjoying you stay
so far that's good to hear is everything
fine with the room oh good I'm glad to
hear that hey listen have you noticed
anything funny going on with the toilet
in your room okay just a second please
let me explain to you the situation I'm
normally a desk attendant but right now
I'm downstairs in the basement with the
plumber and we're trying to find out why
the pipes are leaking down here like
water is shooting out and we have to
figure out which toilet it's from so I
just need you to flush your toilet once
and we're gonna watch the pipes okay so
go yes thank you
hey we said the right one was that it oh
my god sir we have isolated the problem
- your toilet broke when you did that
the water stopped yes that's good but
we're gonna need to do something else
the plumber said what we need to do now
is we need to make sure that there is no
water in there toilet pool he told me
that they do this semi routinely
if something actually does happen to the
toilet during this we will transfer you
to another room because we don't want
you in a room with the broken toilet Oh
okay so here's what I need you to do
need you to get one of the hand towels
that we've put in your room and I need
you to put it in the toilet and flush it
and tell me what happens because we're
going to be monitoring the situation
from down here we're gonna start with
the hand towel and then if that doesn't
work we're gonna move up to a body towel
okay thank you and we'll be watching
down here and then come back and tell me
what happened my god so what does it
look like right now
okay it worked a little bit but we're
going to need one of the actual bath
towels no you can just leave that in
there it'll be like double insulation
we're gonna need you to get one of the
bath towels ball it up stick it in there
and flush the toilet okay yes it's
correct I need you to roll it up into a
ball sir stick it in the toilet is four
down and sit book out and flush we have
to get there now not too much it must be
those quiet flushing toilets okay let me
go in the back guys what do you think
about that is that it stop now it's
still coming down okay so did you flush
all the other tells you have in there I
need you to flush tabs okay so I just
need it
clogged okay no there's water running
all over the floor coming onto the
carpet it's so deep on the bathroom
floor okay you need to pick that up with
towels how much water is actually on
your floor
a lot like how much like what did we
dealing with is it out on the carpeting
no I blocked it was another temple with
another hand towel so didn't go under
the carpeting outside we definitely can
have to move you to a new room for
tonight okay we'll try to get you the
suite for all of your cooperation I just
I just need a bed in the shower okay
we're gonna get housekeeping up there as
soon as we get you out of that room but
one last thing they're telling me do you
have an extra pillow in their room oh my
god yes there because the pillows are
more billowy than the towels and they
have a better chance of cutting off the
water flow because the water just came
out onto the bathroom floor okay so
we're just gonna need you to try this
and then that'll be the best thing
do you want me to take it out of the
pillowcase no grief it in leave it in
the pillowcase yes
take the towels out yes take the towels
out and just put the pillow in there in
flush
okay there's still bit more water on the
floor I think okay we're gonna spend a
mock crew up there and we are definitely
getting you a new room I'm gonna put you
right through the maple when this is
done okay do you want me to do this yes
okay it's tidying it up very much there
what does it look like in your room
right now oh my god well hold on hey
guys okay sir
hello are you still there yeah okay
we've made a mistake
it actually was not your toilet
I don't know turns out that it was the
toilet in room 208 and the plumbers just
got the piping mixed up you've just
messed up a very good working toilet we
may need to charge you for the damages
my boss will go at a fluey
if I get charged for anything my god
give heart diseases something but we've
rented many rooms in this hotel for this
weekend
not just one ice a lot a lot and I'm
sure he wouldn't have appreciated you
you know breaking a decent toilet by
stuffing a pillow down it because sandy
told me to well yeah I mean so that's
like the thing you know if you were
gonna jump off a ledge you know would
you be like sandy told me to you know
okay he's the course of action hang up
the phone with me dial the front desk
and ask for Mabel
and tell her that you were helping out
on the plumbing situation and that you
need transferred to a new room good okay
and someone will be up to assess the
situation once yourselves I went up
there right now yeah they're coming up
you need to talk to Mabel there okay
okay you've ever called down at the desk
say good night I've been staring at this
light through the whole prank so it's
blinding actually every time I blink I
you see this like blue like it looks
like Nintendo graphics just babies it's
not I'm going blind anyway check out
more sandy chafing prank calls Google
that shit if you can get ahold of this
out and get ahold of it there's fucking
tons of prank calls and if you know who
sandy Chapin is I'm not gonna get out
the guy's real name but if you know
who's sandy Chapin is tell him that I'm
looking for him pickable wants a piece
of him no seriously no homo I want to
get in touch with them
I'd like fraud I'd like to get in touch
with a guy so anyway like subscribe all
that bullshit and I'll see you next time
