motherfucker that beep brother I think a
lot of wings yeah Leo out we you're not
gonna win on that alone what else what
you do where's your foreign policy kill
all them bastards
they shoot them all thank God short them
out soon you're a Republican yeah no I'm
a Mia you know what I am yeah
where's president Oh everyone get the
worst president I've got even better god
what am I gonna do it down going George
Bush dude you know what I am a nothing a
liberal dad hates because I'm a liberal
why do you keep tearing my fucking
kitchen bear time you come over yeah me
I don't know where this one was even for
haleytravels getting clean
that's true that's true that's true
that's - I'm gonna do a Obama do an
Obama impression now uh angry grandpa
yeah he has food stamp that's true he
has food stamps like millions of other
Americans angry grandpa relies on food
stamps
yeah Medicare and Medicare I feel now
and Medicare grandpa needs government
assistance and he doesn't support me
tighten it he doesn't support me even
though he needs me for his government
assistance
you see Mitt Romney thinks angry
grandpas part of the 47% that's mooching
off of this country now I say it's not a
mooch deserve and need help help me
America lead 2012 hey leave that dad I'm
Barack Obama and I approve this message
I'm fat Barack Obama I'm fat white
Barack Obama
I'm Brock Obama I approved this message
and I'm getting away and get a white
everyday my angry grandpa needs
government assistance and he's refused
in the phone I already said you a funny
shit shit off he needs my vote
he needs me and if he doesn't have me
he's got Mitt Romney yeah well I'll tell
you how good she is tonight I brought
with the election
you ain't got any solo she done got the
job spiders Michelle honey tonight be in
you and the Lincoln Bedroom we're gonna
bang until daylight
Emily retarded Obama my knee what you go
do when you lose the election I'm not
gonna lose tonight and Joe Biden's gonna
be your president in 2016
oh yeah bill Richman I'd vote for
Hillary I would you remember Joe Biden
why you both with a damn good ship oh
wait a minute
piece of shit you right there we're just
saying that nobody should blame Obama
I'm not blaming him for the economy's
ship and I ain't blaming for hurricanes
Oh Oh anchor grandpa just win against
what he just said yeah hey oh my god you
ready my hands my scores bigger I was
pointing my finger a mistake you're not
thinking hey
oh come on
NATO if you don't vote for me you can't
buy medicines like that anymore
david ology OT he scripts and anymore
got it okay yeah let mit romney win cuz
grandpa is gonna get real angry pretty
soon cuz he can't afford his medication
I don't medication no why are you so mad
a second ago
