well oh my god 11:25 Obama just won the
reelection oh my god I want to cry I'm
so happy I appear I actually has your
high Jersey yeah I'm glad that America
could see through the bullshit from the
Romney campaign I'm glad they understood
what they were hearing the whole time
was bullshit fuck you Romney that there
was real change to be made and Obama has
it and he won 274 to 201 right now this
is great you know even Bell is
celebrating this shit man this is
historic so congratulations to Barack
Obama president four more years
one more year boy yeah I honestly it was
I was worried all night cuz I was seeing
the numbers rise for Romney and it
wasn't doing shit for Obama yeah I'm
glad that people stood up for what was
right for what was real it's not
listening to Fox News fucking Fox News
people writing me on Facebook saying how
bought unbiased they were they were
biased look everybody in Haiti
celebratin wherever that is
congratulations to Obama our president
our commander in chief for four more
years
goodbye everybody good night
