I don't know what you're talking about I
heard what he said about me who you dad
about what I don't bomb Halloween how uh
people should've gone as a scariest
thing in the world his ex-wife oh yeah
yeah well you see my hair is blonde I
stripped out all my brown hair out cuz
that's my fella when we were married
that's gone go is your ex-wife huh how
naylor like yes my ex-wife yeah he said
you were crazy yeah crazy huh you see
this you see that I tried to scrape it
off with a needle and it wasn't working
some up is still there but I don't want
nothing on him i I said that was his
name right
it was his name yo it was I scratched it
off with a needle and I wouldn't work so
you try to scratch his name off your
body
yeah I tortured my own body and was
bleeding trying to get his name up but
it won't work what yeah I'm just filming
you cuz oh setting the record straight
one lacquered straight about our divorce
all right now I know but uh he gets
online saying I was accusing it was ruin
mm-hmm
that is not how it was done made a
stupid video and I didn't know it was a
prank of course made me mad as hell but
that's dumb word but let me tell you I
was with his ass for 30 years had a
heart attack I took care of his mother
when she was dying I took care of her
sister when she broke her legs I was
there through everything the evictions
would him sick all the time
everything I
maybe I wasn't fucking him enough but
stay outside damn internet looking at
all that pussy and getting all these
girls numbers and all we would have had
time together
so that's setting the record straight
are you little sluts out there everyone
for y'all I'd still be married
sitting in your panties in the mail come
on now who want your nasty smelling ass
panties but uh something muscle made
that little beanie weenie stick straight
up because he got rid of me
maybe it's the best thing you ever did
cool
I don't care anymore well what are you
doing any of his damn little fucking
bitches come hear me now they come near
me they pack and get a fucking thing out
on my damn face setting the record
straight that's setting the street
