what's going on you guys give me a
second I was gonna get to that if you
saw the new episode of South Park here's
my scars
alright scars for applause yes I
actually do support it anyway
British show your scars Obama 2012 the
election is Tuesday now me and Isaac
Isaac and I are gonna be on the radio
Monday and Tuesday night we're gonna be
on blog talk radio give me a second you
can check that link out below Isaac and
I are gonna be on there we're gonna have
anger grab pawn there we're gonna do
some prank calls I'm gonna call a
Chinese place for fucking me over I'll
explain that on the radio you want to
check that shit out and we're about to
go put this on Bridget's call another
one - I have to and I was thicker okay
show the sticker Obama by than 2012
yeah so check us out on the radio
tomorrow night that's what's gonna
happen there that's what's gonna happen
that like I needed to say that just
checking out the link below we actually
had a couple uploaded you can also
subscribe to our radio show channel here
oh yeah in my youtube right here no I
don't probably not promote her YouTube
oh my god okay so let's go put these
stickers on the car so that is tomorrow
night Monday and the next night Tuesday
one hour Monday night two hours on
Tuesday night for the election so you
can check us out
there'll be on vlog talk radio like I
said the links below it's raining now
that bullshit alright right there is my
sticker go sticker you doing well hold
the camera okay
look at bullshit oh it works yeah I did
that one myself Obama Biden 2012 I said
that like like fiercely Oh bridge wants
to show us cause again hold it your
scars
it's a photo bomber support your scars
proudly I really do
scars for applause how come you get
three get one good man I won't on the
other one
then give me your black why I've seen me
keep it on me so we're supporting Obama
we're leaving out early Tuesday to go
vote and how are we we're gonna have to
leave I think people are sleeping out
now yeah people are sleeping out to vote
now yeah yeah fuck that
I just won't vote anyway so we're voting
out Tuesday and I'll be back in time to
do the show Tuesday night which you can
listen to on BlogTalkRadio the show is
called shut the fuck up and listen and
then you can stop you can stop shutting
the fuck up and listen and time to call
and give him all that bullshit there'll
be a chatroom you can talk to us
well answer to you can call in anyway
check this out there grandpa's gonna be
on there he has a special announcement
have you noticed I do a lot of hand
gestures hook yo anyway
anyway hold on that's it I'm gonna get
off of here
I figure Bridgette wanted to be in the
ending but she's walking away she
doesn't
so subscribe right here you're a not
gonna be there
right here battling yeah you can go
there that'd be the blog chuckling yeah
to the blog talk when someone's coming
let's get out here
