that's crazy well it is Halloween 2012
there's Bridget we're in dad's van after
the whole flat tire shenanigans he
decided he didn't even want my kids
trick-or-treating this van is not easy
to drive
not because good job grandpa you can
drive like you can drive the Starship
Enterprise no like the brakes are so
messed up
they are messed out he is like bridges
driving I'll straighten oh shit this is
it
goodbye light sir drive slow so I can
actually break in time so I brake like
like further than normal you know it's
fun though here's my Michael Myers mask
I was wearing it around a little bit but
I decided to take it off because it was
getting hot and now we're just waiting
on my nephews my sister and some guy she
knows is walking with them right now but
grandpa ditched out on going
trick-or-treating he said fuck it so
that's where y'all right now we're just
chilling waiting on these kids to get
back to the van and we'll drive further
and that's that we're just following
behind them so I'll be back on actually
this isn't the end of the video
subscribe for us it's not in the video
project well I want them to remember it
okay so pause this video now and
subscribe to Bridget west
thanks for pausing and welcome back if
you didn't pause I'm gonna give you
another opportunity now oh there there
pausing awesome amazing book just got my
Facebook hmmn Twitter for Bridget they
don't have time to do this
now get let the pause happen first her
YouTube hey hey welcome back um real
quick pause now and go subscribe to her
Twitter at Bridget West hey welcome back
guys um welcome it to Kim honey camera
um was the other thing
Facebook Oh Facebook subscribe to her
Facebook now
Oh Bridget dot Nicole - isn't it three
no - no do that it's facebook.com slash
Bridget dot Nicole - okay they're not
liking you right now that you give him
too many steps do that I love my fan
don't do it that she doesn't give you
enough time to do it so oh I'm making a
video soon no you're not yes I am Bob
stop bring they want to go subscribe to
you so it pause now hey welcome back I'm
glad you subscribed all three of her
accounts do you have some sort of Flickr
account or no I don't deal with that
just Facebook Twitter and YouTube
alright that's it so subscribe to her on
all of those oh and if you guys forget
what I said if you go to my youtube and
my Twitter and Facebook is there don't
move I could actually see that happening
actually
Bridget decided to go to a really rich
person's neighborhood first and the kids
got like in full bags of candy and shit
oh yeah you gotta go the rich
neighborhoods come on we'll go to
Grandma's trailer park outdoors there
first awesome Halloween
all thanks to Bridget you missed out dad
just cuz of a flat tire which is still
not fixed we had to go get my air and
there's like fix a fly and shit I'm
wondering is this safe the tire icon
still on so it's still kind of flat like
I assume we're gonna be driving down the
street and all of a sudden and then
we're calling Daniel your car is fucked
well goddamn bridge stop fucker well
happy Halloween happy Halloween everyone
subscribe to her because she's gonna ask
in a second subscribe to thank grandpa
show channel which I assume you already
are what you watching me pickleboy has
to wear a diaper and go downtown your
sir might be about the head whenever
that's not true a hundred and fifty
thousand subscribers anyway you're gonna
wear like this big-ass diaper with like
a bib and all this other stuff downtown
in front of people the question is I no
one talked about downtown
oh it's downtown no it's not it will be
in the living room I'll do it in live
now
downtown it was a great downtown
unsubscribed from name grandpa show them
I'm not yeah I'm not dressed up in a
diaper
I assumed they're watching this video
they're already subscribed probably and
no I'm not shaving my unibrow take it
you're out for me later you guys later
happy Halloween 2012 happy Halloween you
already know subscribe
wait are you guys so we are actually
done trick-or-treating for today but
we'll come back to Grandpa's house and
we're gonna make them pickle
trick-or-treaters
yeah I know that was horrible I know I
was expecting something finna get those
changes well boys you gotta come back to
Kansas boy well then how was your trip
Halloween Halloween I'm glad sore oh is
that the candy bucket with teeth in it
happy Halloween
Jerri thick oh we will in a second happy
Halloween 2012 I'm sorry for all you
without power in New York but you can't
see it cuz you got no power so my boss
is in New York without power so get some
power soon tell me why are you waiting
when the cameras pointing at me did
Wilson the wave whole time I'm like okay
here you go
fucking retarded absolutely gonna Jacob
come in they have not one dad
happy Halloween here Bella happy
Halloween JP say it boom Jimmy's happy
Halloween Halloween happy Halloween
