project
it's fine
okay okay done this okay but while I'm
sleeping I don't have an anymore it's
not him yes it is just after this
happened what happened it's not your
face what is that it's dad come on it
was funny
dad I just get too violent too scary
thank you Doug just left you guys it's
time for me to go back to bed they
pranked eight guys yeah I'm talking
about you they pranked me they think
it's funny you're gonna ruin your sleep
pattern to prank me is that what this is
about
yeah guys let's switch to tomorrow
making problems on camera what you
getting pranked no not I'm gonna try
still a little irritated about last
night you guys I know I should get over
I know that it's a prank
but I think what's angering me the most
is I can't prank them back I can but
it's like it's Doug gonna help me as
Bridget gonna help me prank Doug like
are they I don't know guys I'm irritated
however right now I got some very good
news I just got a phone call
from - if you haven't been following
grandpa's back in the hospital for about
a week
stuff going on with his liver guys I
just got a phone call he's getting out
of a hospital right now and he wants to
meet us for lunch
Pagoda and guys it's early enough or
they'll definitely be able to take my
order so it's like I couldn't get Pagoda
all that time what better way to get it
then now with my dad my girlfriend and I
guess my sister so let's go to put go
it's true Jimmy I love you but I don't
want to share this moment with you so
anyway guys let's go eat some pagoda oh
my god bro there's no oh my god
four pagoda there's nowhere to park over
Chinese food we're out of food again
they're out of food again we have cash
oh my god we just got our food you guys
I'm trying to talk about because other
people are eating I'm not trying to
disturb money guys I want to show it
boom
we're here at forego that with Grandpa
they're good
loo these wings that I love wait yeah
these wings are marinated they're delish
we all got the same meal yeah
because Wayne spoke someone so better
than hospital food guys I'm not gonna
bother anybody while we eat gonna eat my
eyes were bigger than her stomach today
guys we got way too much food waiting
for my bag you ain't gonna get there any
faster doing one scoop of rice at a time
you want some help man which means any
would you be dead
be all ready now yeah Michael delicious
Jenny didn't like it but she's used to
like eating garbage has up do it money
that's an expensive average meal made
tastes expensive
No so Jennifer said she didn't like it
so we are forcing her to try new things
so that's the chicken teriyaki stick
thought there's no way what do you like
that's how I get a patron one of these
women home cooking just took a purse do
you like chicken wing you don't like
chicken
what is that let's cheat take a
partisanship that does not touring the
skin
oh my god
Jennifer is not of this world what
school dad don't get out he's about to
get out
I will help but it's just too funny you
got heads Jenny that's the first time
she's had a problem getting it in yep
oh she don't know I just disrespected
her to her face all right pop I'll see
you back at the house I'm filming else
love yeah lunch
how much said go on you headed to
grandpa's house right now you guys
really get them into the house then
we're coming back and eating more pagoda
that's not sure what I do that so just
got back and Michael is a slate from
carb overload with the Buffy sleep
obviously Tim carb overload I wasn't
asleep I was laying with my eyes closed
yeah sure thing do it didn't we do to
him
no what why got to do it yes let's do a
trade one home get some rest
did you sleep at all in that hospital or
make sure you get some good sleep today
pretty good you were too drunk you
everybody knows something get in bed
guys
we're gonna get out of here dad glad
you're home yeah it's been a long week
homes I sleep like five minutes that's
it
well was I snoring no okay we're good oh
all right pop well glad you're home he
looking at I appreciate it well
preheated lunch of course we both got
carb overload going on going to sleep
yeah yeah
Jenny thanks take care dad Jean really
stepped up man yes you really stepped up
really awesome the chair sleep oh boy
yeah well thank you there yeah glad
you're home yeah you smile all right you
want smile for the camera these will
cover the lens the guy Joe leaving
grandpa's house right now you guys I'm
exhausted
Bridget is trying to get that little
fluffy puppy it was
he's adorable I will say that I felt I
must have fallen asleep with him I
didn't even realize it guys sorry Jenny
oh I left a mark bro oh man
walmart did it do we really got to do
this dude yes bro it's too much I don't
want them to know about it they they got
it now they know everything guys let me
just say straight up our garbage comes
on Tuesdays yeah today is Friday
hello Friday hello Friday now Friday
isn't Tuesday and the garbage hasn't
come since Tuesday so it means it's days
in days late yeah and we've had to stack
our garbage right here and animals have
started ripping into it and it's getting
disgusting and at this point we're gonna
have to just frickin drive it over to
the trash man yeah yeah I got more more
stuff to clean so it stinks it's leaking
uh you building this is too much for me
and I hate that bitch she's nasty you
got this babe
good luck Dexter set up his murder rooms
I'm trying what do you want me to do
okay
walk all the way over there with the
bags no course not why would I ever
expect the head okay you have to do it -
don't be like that I know you're kidding
I don't want to do it this is my idea
opossum oh oh oh my god it's coming out
the opossum you know Bridget
well don't want to slung it you know
this is so gross
this has gotta be the laziest we can get
like seriously I don't know if we can be
any lazier than this
all right
she's looking all the ants Oh
oh great look at look at this dude there
it is folks our garbage can hmm oh I
could get in you know sometimes she does
things for her sick amusement look go
ahead house is right there go ahead
she's still like pranking me oh I'm just
gonna walk she joking please I'll get
him Hey oh she is disgusting you're nuts
thank you baby
gee that was lazy now I have to I oh now
I want to cover the lens I gotta clean
the kitchen again yeah it's been a while
since all that trash but did you guys
since we hauled the garbage guys since
then Bridget and I have watched the
second insidious which is terrifying
again one of the few movies that
actually scares me and since then my
friends I have downloaded owv 2k 18 boom
see how much is downloaded on this
almost the whole thing
51 gigs of 51 ok you good no give me a
minute hurry so what did you do I was
according with something I fell
I think this is how happens what
happened
I'm fading whatever I did I can't afraid
people clawed my face like are you
trying to break me yes no that really
did you all just think I'll try fuck
adopted good lord I didn't hear you say
so I'm not insidious I was telling
everybody how I watched I don't want to
be in this room anymore well I felt like
I was on the verge of a panic attack for
the last hour over this movie why I was
just too scared oh yeah look at that you
can't have that bone buddy okay every
time these dogs eat these bones they are
getting a vicious like yeah dog fight
and like I'm wondering whose throats
being ripped out like you guys can have
bones guys he's trying to get the bone
bridge he's playing you oh by the way
guys if you're wondering no no no no no
here I'm this way guys if you're
wondering what happened to the table
last night well around the house here be
interesting for my damn self
okay Bridget fix the end table last
night good as new
okay not really good isn't it okay it's
you know 18 errs but I've got to do what
I can do so anyway now with you shell
out that bone he stopped right when I
started to film in let's do the outro
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching you guys got me
let me tell you that you got me okay
yeah
but I'm gonna get revenge whatever Mikey
really totally dismissed me she just
totally waves me away with this okay
we'll see guys they really got me last
night okay I'm sitting here afraid to go
to sleep tonight cuz I don't know if
they're gonna get me again if you
haven't seen the video check it out they
got me Oh
so glorious guys it is okay it is put it
in I'm gonna play the wrestling game I'm
getting out of here thanks for watching
you guys we took out the garbage
we hung out with Grandpa we went to
pagoda oh yeah
and they pranked me yeah and it was so
glorious guys check it out but saying it
was glorious okay like it was look
subscribe fun everything for us and
that's it
I love you guys so much and also
favorite click like if you want me to
prank bridges stop talking eventually
