and what's up guys shooting in from a
new camera
now I actually need some help with the
settings and shit I don't really know
but this is the new camera because
grandpa broke the other one it's the
sony HDR cx-5 8 0 V thanks to Eddie bird
for helping us get this should be a good
camera fuck I don't know maybe it sucks
maybe it does it I'll show it to you oh
look at Bella and there's Bridget's
Halloween decorations on the window so
right now I'm shooting at a 60 P this is
the bathroom
this bridge is bullshit I just wanted to
show seem I can do this
I guess I didn't think this through did
I Mira's filthy - anyway oh well fuck it
you don't need to see it do you
now that I got the camera going and it's
working and I'm playing with the
settings and shit still I'm gonna go
through some of the modes and see what
it's like so here we go once in a
lifetime
for a brief moment we are alive so let's
fight back
what say you what saying you
let's fight back okay now I'm in the
closet yeah pick aways in the closet all
right now I'm gonna try the light out so
here we go failed is all blurry oh well
I guess it had to focus let's let's
bring pretend that's it like/subscribe
that was the dogs I have a question
someone can message me with it or
comment below and Bella is trying to
hump me a thing baby it's okay love you
too if you know the answer to this does
anybody know how to render the videos or
what settings to use so that when it's
in YouTube's default 360p that it
doesn't look like fuzzy or anything does
anybody know how to do that because I've
seen videos where it's not like that my
videos are shooting in good quality but
when they're in 360 they look like shit
now watch all our videos in 720 or 1080
but I don't know how to get it looking
good of 360 does anybody know how to do
that anyway and not xbox 360 360 creep
Bella please stop humping me you haven't
done this in a while are you doing this
now I got to get out of here is it if
anybody knows how to do it then please
let me know and don't subscribe to
Bridget even though she begs anyway see
you guys see ya see se SE se SE se SCH
