what's going on you guys tonight I'm
going to be doing a little more cooking
Matan some lights real quick as you see
the cameras a little different and
there's a reason for that I'm going to
show you if that was the old camera
grandpa broke it now I was filming it I
was hoping I could get the footage and
he broke it what it was it was a prank I
told him because they didn't want the
puppy I brought him a kitten and this is
the result of that so I'm using another
camera and I got another camera on the
way thanks to Eddie bird thank you
he's helping us get another camera so
we'll have that in a couple of days
thanks to Eddie but for now there's this
camera the one I've been using I tried
to plug it in and it's sort of like
making noise and shit so fucking I'm not
using that lost the footage fuck it it
happens today I'm going to be making
lasagna we're going to start off first
with some freshly cut onion which I'm
going to see if this camera leaving
after that so you're going to cut the
onion oh yeah
cutting board
I personally like my onions different
okay so now we've got the onions in a
butter and olive oil mixture oh shit
shit now where is where is my garlic
where are you garlic where are you
well you garlic but you wanted to throw
you away garlic where you add I told her
no I need the garlic okay Bridget I am
upset with you because I'm pretty sure
you see way the garlic and I plan on
using it tonight well I can't find the
fresh garlic so I got to use this oh
well it happened a nice little fair
amount of fresh garlic and it just
crushes this jar of garlic will be and
I'm going to cook this down
hmm transforms to smell when you add
this garlic while I do that I'm going to
work on the meat now this is a mixture
of lean beef and pork sausage and this
will be the meat for our lasagna
pork sausage and beef together it's a
really good combination this is just be
real nice mix meat for as grandpa calls
a group God did much of me bro Debra at
the media thought I'm done there's
actually only my second time making was
on you to be honest so this could turn
out absolutely horrible
however grandma is gonna be here for
dinner tonight
I invited her over but worried I washed
my hands now there's our meat mixed
together to that I add a little bit of
kosher salt not too much garlic basil a
little bit a little bit of fresh
parmesan and some ground pepper
while our meat is cooking we're going to
work on the ricotta cheese in the middle
of it now look I'm not going to do
anything special here I'm not gonna whip
up some homemade ricotta I've got a
thing a ricotta from the store add this
to the bowl
all of it ricotta cheese is fucking
delicious
now tunas ricotta cheese mix a little
bit of kosher salt egg egg plus two eggs
fresh Parmesan cheese a nice amount of
fresh parmesan and mozzarella you adding
this to the ricotta cheese mixture for
the middle or for the layers they have
it you just want to give it a good mix
and yes I did wash my hands after
handling the meat and here is our meat
right now
which I am NOT going to do what a lot of
other people do and mix the meat with
the sauce I'm not doing that I don't do
that
I just tried the meat it is delicious
very good and Bella has not quit moved
has not moved the whole time she's been
there no way built go she likes you sit
when I cook she's a big girl now it is
time to assemble which I'm going to use
this so to assemble a move here for now
you want to start off putting down a
layer of sauce now this is my typical
sauce recipe only I didn't add meat and
I mixed in a jar of pre-made pizza sauce
you look with the foot pizza though I
like the flavor when it mixed together
so this is my typical sauce recipe that
I used in the spaghetti night mixed with
pizza sauce and I'm gonna start off
putting a layer of sauce down here
you're going to want to use a lot of
sauce on the lasagna because it will
absorb up and you're going to win -
where the fuck the sauce is so little
air down there get my Barilla I don't
know that's an off-brand or not noodle
turn off my meat that's done this is why
these are and you lay these out uncooked
unboiled these will cook in the oven an
over layer you can layer these overlap
them these are going to expand in the
oven so there we go a layer of noodles
now we're going to get some meat over
that bridge it just walked in hey
Bridget you're just in time to hold the
camera
okay well I'm greeting a thing of
lasagna because we're going to company
oh my god
I'll bullshit you didn't no kidding
I only put a little bit of meat over
there for now because you actually want
more ricotta and then give me some of
that in my mouth mmm oh my god that is
the ricotta parmesan mozzarella is fair
amount of ricotta Dan a lot more than
the mouth mmm not a good
he does good double is that just ricotta
no oh what's that what else is not
ricotta mozzarella parmesan and egg
oh my egg yes egg I was it good enough
not anymore
Fishkin well that's all the meat he's
putting in it
nope I wanna taste that go for it taste
it now we're just tasting the sauce hmm
caught oh come on fellas head Oh cute oh
that's really cute oh all right now I'm
laying sauce over all this remember like
I said you want a lot of sauce oh yeah
the sauce will absorb into everything
you'll think you don't have any
so I gave Michael this recipe he's just
making up course you did it
Corp what oh wow wasn't that enough -
that's typical mozzarella cheese worse I
know but it's like big big pieces mmm
okay now we're they out more sheets cuz
we're going to another layer of all the
stuff that goes you the center of it I'm
trying to go with three layers okay and
I'm a down the mouth - now I will put
the economist right over the heart
noodles will spread really easily last
time he made it there's like this cheese
Apple that he pulled apart it was really
good it was just big ball of fresh
mozzarella I put chunks of it in yeah
but I call it cheese apple I don't know
why just runs of an apple
pick on some coconut
Micro doesn't like raspberries nope
isn't that crazy
that's all for that layer just ricotta
and sauce
damn looks like we got our three layers
after all cool Michael she's in love
with me say yeah she loves me more like
a shell yeah I wish it was the same way
when I edit this video if I see any
other answer of Matt and one not
recorded flowers for anniversary well I
really want some flowers so okay this is
Kate honey camera not Bridget holding
the camera don't point it yourself again
hey you want to see this was on you get
made no they wanted to see my face that
was John for the rest of for me to go on
top of this Bridget don't point at Bella
again because I'm making dinner for them
how it tastes that me hmm is it time to
admit them the greatest you're the
greatest okay now feed me that's all be
de me more okay now that is Lera what do
you think as long as it'll be like we're
do think this shit looks good yeah I
call it shit
oh so shit now Ellie's really good I
think it's been awesome I can't wait
this like I said this is the second was
Anya I've ever made in life
how do you know how to make it
come on a fat kid and I study food oh
well I don't know how to cook it all oh
oh
survived now we're gonna go the rest of
this work up this month's roll all over
it
no way send me some bites he didn't nope
every time I watch you go little by
little I know it's closing sad I wrote
it I hate it it's sad
a finger goes on you all right I'm
picking up boom plant that's lasagna mmm
stay on them out cover it cook for now
now you can't see it anymore you can't
see you so much up it's gone it's all
it's all eaten what happened
so another layer on the other side what
cute it's necessary
does it bubble over so smart
oh I would not do that in fact I would
try to make lasagna in a skillet busy
ones how do you mean you're that dumb
now we're gonna put it in the oven
right now right now all right so I'm
going to pull this out we shall check on
it's been cooking for about 30 minutes I
just want to check on it a little bit
bring you some other nuts no I'll admit
yeah but I don't care oh my god I want
it in my mouth I fit up to everything
what do you think it was living about
mmm looks so good now I'm going to take
the tinfoil off for the rest of the
cooking
what what time to take this motherfucker
round it's not the snatcher this is
gonna have to say I do puppets no I'm
doing this theme song too drastic park
yes I heard this is heavy film don't
call me out on my shit stand that looks
nasty I'm moving out come look at the
food it's good it's one thing you got
from your father anyone please I cook
what not common sense but yeah cooking
since I cook better than he does we'll
see your hair I like that yeah it's a
good color
yeah I stripped everything away from my
marriage no black near everything else
all right
I see your mama Thanks oh it did what
you haven't eaten a bite yet this your
first one
mm-hmm that was a bullshit react she
goes hmm it's hot that's good so that's
it
this is lasagna okay water
