so this is Michael trying to carve a
pumpkin trying and failing what I did I
took out the guts but I don't feel I'm
creative enough I'm not pretty enough to
use these too hard so we decided to do
our own face that wants to join God
looks for things like retarded we have
to watch Carver over that we got idea so
this is what a punk went down syndrome
looks like
I love the smell of pumpkin oh you do
cuz I think it smells like garbage I
love it we go soon in fact I'm gonna
keep the guts right there until they rot
I think they already have they haven't
you girl finishes cutting all right no I
gotta do that I can't do it I'm talking
about after I want to cutting in these
parts oh sure yeah they're done for here
yeah
they do that it's retarded nostril these
are a princess in the pumpkins all the
animal rights activist against us is a
pumpkin this is the hard part
what is she eating crap no she's licking
the pumpkin oh yeah oh he was Bulldog
loves pumpkin we're good lazy he's in
the Halloween sweater I thought was
really cute and that's princess
how people do these special pumpkins
with faces honor to be on me like I saw
that one with like fuckin Chucky mm-hmm
good for you person and I created it all
last year or two years ago I made a
pumpkin and it was like I don't know I
did a regular pumpkin face and the
triangles are so uneven and crappy and
the pumpkin was even cleaned out like
hood it was pretty bad so bridget is now
there's pieces that I left that I'm
gonna let her get the excess of she's
been on it for a few minutes let's take
a look inside the pumpkin there's all
the excess in there careful she dresses
line fucking blows mm-hmm I suck I never
want to carve a pumpkin again I'd like
it I think it's cute what's what's
hardened are you careful if those eyes
play the whole things wrong I'm not
carving another one this year you do the
nose already yeah you did
I think it's done
okay we are outside now then we have set
the pumpkin down your fee not then we're
gonna light up this pumpkin we're gonna
light up this baby yeah I carved in
everything
by myself go at the top at home I'm
gonna put four in there for four she's
going big
proms issues concerns go big or go home
yes I guess your feigned this is so
scary
I'm scared I'm gonna find myself here
you see what I mean I don't care though
you know you're scared I didn't know I
was burning it didn't even hurt how cute
is our pumpkin it's adorable I don't
know yeah I haven't seen it I don't want
to look it says ready all right look top
one it here we go I'm covering up the
camera I'm not looking ready oh my girl
what happened to me I was cool
well that is the pumpkin for us this
year gonna take many pictures and post
them on Facebook you put our retarded
pumpkin it's not retarded it's really
really cute it's got dancers like bright
colors my face hurts
it's like grandpa hardly any teeth no
girl has no change positions change
positions
like to enter a Halloween 10 things
attempting 16 16 16 Italy the synthesis
team consistent into thinking they can
sustain suspensions essentially eight
see there's our pumpkin it would be bad
yeah it'll be very bad
