what are you doing I'm so goddamn poor I
got any leaders I just ordered you some
birthday Peter I won't leave you won't
leave
yeah how do you want us to leaves I beg
your leave y'all like goddamn bad kid
you don't know when to leave
how's that pizza bunch of McDonald's
logo on the plug on the cake then watch
all your voices they which have me to
kick your ass
what is this neck bone that beats do you
make good so eat it I'm going so I got
another butter dish you take it home
don't you know the princess she lost
Beast you dirty shit in
you filthy as hell where'd you get this
fucking buy though man
you follow but you kept it up the dirty
shit
there's a reason why you shouldn't
bother me yeah because it's funny I
ordered you pizzas and I wings ah I got
it right
grandma has still not left yeah lady I
got I got a leak with her so she can't
leave until I'm ready to leave but it do
it is my house of herbs first
you think so all right mom you take the
bed tonight dad can take the couch I'll
be goddamned out every what happened
he's been doing this
Oh dad what now I'll tell you something
funny where mom lives some guy asked her
if she was a prostitute thank you to
meet somebody
Malaya bub some guy thought you go away
in this outfit you think I didn't know
people like you work during the day
um no oh look we found that's anal beads
I left these on the table and I might a
blondie your grandson huh huh my home
these are say you my grandson I don't
have a grandson what I guess I know who
you play these are your anal beads yeah
you would greenish it you old still
waiting on the pizza to get here I put
some special instructions on the box I
want to see if they do it they better do
it I ordered me some pizza the other day
at Papa Johnson for the driver
instructions I put it draw a picture of
Harry Potter on the box and they did it
I took a picture of it yeah you sure if
you can't read that it says Harry Potter
on the beef and bacon pizza how do you
get what off that's notepad dude holy
holy shit there's more hair man what do
all you got god damn people he's gonna
kick your ass my birthday wings man here
we go happy birthday to you mom sings
birthday to you sing Tina happy birthday
grandpa happy
oh yeah
oh hey poochie's good
yeah with a fuck you know that right I'm
get it dude we are three different kinds
of goddamn play was a wing right there's
a lot of noise Oh barbecue Papa John T
Joe motherfuckers how to do right they
fucked up my pizza underneath fucked up
a wings they thought of the drink does
that look like a goddamn petty bastard
you papa john can you read what does I
say we had four goddamn Pepsi Max you
don't have did we have to draw a cat on
the bottle motherfuckers must not have
any art skills your goddamn Papa John's
and musk or South Carolina fucking socks
they need to get the goddamn J write
down motherfuckers barbecue that
motherfucker would ya barbecue I had a
mother yah yah yah modifiers we also
asked for blue cheese cheese sauce and
we got ranch ranch ranch or aunt or and
heads so you got to be I can't say
retarding the work of a fancy Massa you
got some flappers working for you bitch
you did you straighten them goddamn
flappers out my dad just took a fall on
the floor and you fucked up his birthday
order thanks a lot
all he wanted was wings yeah you fucked
up my birthday honor fuck you Bobby Jon
you need to go back and play football to
get you god damn head get the bug in go
what gone up our so tell me about these
shoes digs I got to buy you some more
I'll rather money well what what $30
compared what
yeah I didn't get none of my goddamn
waiting on ya
