what's up you guys I am sitting here
with a grandpa he's texting so I've been
getting a lot of people asking me about
the video last night and it was fake it
was some sort of prank the grandpa and I
can tell you now it's not
grandpa has been using that box at home
by himself without me being there dad
what talk about the Fred Claus so by the
Frank box
yeah I'm just explaining to people who
are asking if it's fake ball one to find
out so what that is it's called a
Frank's box now that's actually not a
Frank's bugs the Frank's box is made by
the guy Frank but this is the ghetto
Frank's box made with the RadioShack one
they take and they break the frequency
inside it and shit so just scans and
scans and scans and you can pick up
voices shit just Google RadioShack
Frank's box you can see these things for
yourself this wasn't us bullshitting
this shit for real I mean I'm not saying
it's a ghost I don't say that I believe
in ghosts but I can't fucking explain it
every time I use it I would start off
with you know how many fingers am i
holding what color shirt am i wearing
what am i holding every fucking time it
gets it right got scary dude what do you
mean I'm scary her last night yeah it
was was very weird one time I said uh
what am i holding was a book here book I
mean I don't know how it gets shit like
that right you know
it's being would do anything off me it's
funny what just filming you I got
something funny boy yes to what I'm sure
we'd all have a good laugh at probably
also I have learned how to make
cheeseburgers like five guys so I'm
gonna do that in the video soon because
they're delicious as fuck grandpa loves
cheeseburgers wanted to bring him one of
them pick him down
I got a hamburger me raw wood and there
was some footage that I didn't even get
to use last night check this shit out
what did you die were you hung goddamn
ugh I got kid
I like just stop they didn't not
appreciate that this ghost
you know Mike and I piss on your feet hi
a limey I got a feel like a mother will
get bad turn here Michael you know
excuse about a kiss on this yeah I got a
piss stop
seriously so I had to go ahead Pete God
that feels better is our first video
we've made and we got some good
responses we hear things you know damn
these Frank boxes weren't good that's
just one of many that AGPL be doing a
pickle boy so there's a homeless guy
with early yeah somebody thought he died
over there gonna dying gazelle or
something who should we call the
ambulance ain't calling motherfucking so
we just gonna lay died well you can call
a soul there's plenty of them here off
you know a lot we're just putting your
souls right they were hung and shot
Jesus Christ people just up making a
goddamn fast out my eyes anywhere young
is til the next episode anyway regarding
the ghost box it's not fake
look on eBay for a fucking ghetto
Frank's box get one take it home try it
out yourself
we're just terrified of the fucking
thing she won't even let me come in the
house anymore anyway that's it for now
like subscribe I'm doing a lot of show
of my hands dad's doing a luncheon with
his hands yeah a lot
man get it out of my face now damn
