get me on a camera here and by the way I
shaved a bit of know of artists as hers
you boarded it by now you gotta give it
back to her she just gave it to you
you're right she gave it to me
ah you said the right word well I'm your
one angry grandpa right now oh and I got
another shirt to show ya
Kermit the Frog getting dissected cut it
out what is he getting deceptive I don't
have to learn you kid
got my way okay whoa by the way pretty
soon grandpa and I are gonna be hitting
up some iron wants the graveyards or
haunted houses or whatever we're gonna
go paranormal investigating with anger
grandpa I want you get Ouija board or
you got to get a real one don't get a
Kmart one is a Ouija board you got to
get a good Ouija board
I do got an EVP recorder you do when I
got Frank's box got a prize box a ghetto
Frank's box I don't got an official
Frank's box and I got a brand-new HD JVC
camcorder coming really get an A from
one of my young uns let me send you a
camera and the EVP recorder damn hey big
boy now hold it house one time names
Alan Hale when you sit at me fucking
nothing you didn't meet him I did look
well I mean what do Buckeye use moment
sugar
where'd you get the goddamn camera off
the face
please would you get in the fuck out of
here
in other words go anyway grandpa just
fucked up an air mattress no you got it
right
he didn't go subscribe to it just do it
I make videos now subscribe she makes
videos now so subscribe what yeah
alright why are you jumping around hold
on buddy what are you doing I just turn
in grandpa's filming himself as you
leave my face improve game
