happy Saturday I'm here with anger
grandpa usually a heavy share like the
birthday or happy Thanksgiving so sure
well the birthday is coming up who's
yours I resemble that what do you know
you say sometimes it makes no sense
I don't resemble that what I resemble it
I don't know I shaved if you can't tell
good all right Michael oh fuck that's
what you do like this with you okay hey
grandpa here get Bridget come on play
I'm a flapper all right you know what
you know I call retard people flappers
because I can't call retarded or people
eat me up on my fucking Facebook right
but you know if you watch a true retard
you got away got away here's a to reach
our who Bridget is a true retard right
and we take off I'll go get in trouble
for that I give a fuck so grandpa is a
problem with flappers apparently dad
born-agains oh I'm his born and getting
yourself born-again Christians date a
mother but it would give that important
you a born again is a person that's been
out screwed around or his old lady
getting drunk beating his kids spending
their milk money and all sudden he finds
God and then he wants to get on your ass
because you out chasing women spending
the kids built buddy you know he's a
better person than you because he found
God I'm better than you now because
God's in my life figuratively speaking
can see I use been input onion burger
so I use be an independent fundamental
Baptist but I'm not anymore until try
that Baptist Church but let me tell you
why I don't believe in them
because they believe you can never lose
your salvation and that if you ask God
to forgive you you forgiven so that
means about all Hitler asked for
forgiveness before he died he's in
heaven does that mean those those
bubbles colored by motherfuckers took
killed him kids that means if they ask
God to forgive a in heaven I believe
that shit so and because of Michael
Haynes do you want a bad guy he was a
piece of shit no no no he was a good guy
this was when Michael Haynes believed
you want to get into heaven buddy well
what's what's in that wall to yours and
you got a we're going to bus but if you
want your children go to my school you
need working on the air conditioners for
free that's true that that's true
Michael Haynes is a piece of shit he
takes everybody's money I'll never
forget give it all Sunday when they had
a fucking wheelbarrow going around the
church and people were throwing all
their money into any helmet mask using
me and the Americans together once
service so they could all throw their
money in one bucket and that is the end
of what I started filming at Grandpa's
we actually filmed a video that I'm
gonna put up tomorrow while we were
there today it is grandpa
fucking wrong with this air mattress I'm
gonna show you a preview right now it's
gonna go out tomorrow morning
check it out get me out I heard you go
get a pump dad look
don't forget your pump you need a bump
up you need a go with the air pump
Bridgette huh call your mom what she
heard us you might have one I told you
three hours ago I've been blown up
mother hey we talking about Deb you got
there go on Nate yeah so that is grandpa
versus the air mattress I didn't film
any more at Grandpa's house so I don't
have a closing but like subscribe
favorite and there's Bella
we subscribe to bridges playing Red Dead
Redemption right now hey Bella will see
yourself look she's looking our own
reflection like subscribe favorite oh
Jesus
