what's going on you guys get me on the
camera here for to us here right there
and today is Thursday today is Thursday
and you guys today we're gonna go visit
grandpa in the hospital uh if you
haven't seen the vault the VIP I can't
speak I'm just not really there right
now if you haven't seen the vlog we
uploaded yesterday I let you guys know
the Grandpa's back in the hospital he's
been there for about a week now and I've
sort of been hiding it from you guys and
dad's sort of yelled at before it was
like you know different my young'uns got
mad at me even bridge it was like they
need to know and I just felt selfishly
like maybe I shouldn't say anything but
everybody said that I should and you
they were right you know you guys had
every right to know I shouldn't be
trying to hide it from you
so today we're gonna go see my dad he's
I think doing a lot better today last I
heard he was doing a lot better so guys
he was out of it last week I was like
you got to go to the hospital anyway
that's today we're gonna go visit dad no
more intro don't want to prolong it it's
to flick fogging up anyway to do it out
here guys let's get this Thursday did we
say it was Thursday it's Thursday
we just got to the hospital you guys we
can go visit with dad and let me tell
you something everybody is sick today
look how far away we parked it's almost
like the hospitals of Mirage dude we are
so far away every parking space did you
tell them how long it took to get a room
oh I haven't I'll if I'm filming you or
not nice grandpa sat here for hours I
mean he went there like 11 o'clock at
night so the next morning at like 2
o'clock in the morning 2 o'clock in the
afternoon he still didn't have a room so
he was sitting in the emergency room on
a bed waiting for a room so finally he's
got a room we're gonna go visit going
around we're not any closer like 20
minutes I feel like yeah unless they're
open I'm hungry what you kinda have to
eat yeah you kinda have to eat stuff
still move all pumped out yeah the fluid
definitely needed to get pumped out yeah
just so you're aware damn what happens
when people don't eat which mean you
don't eat you get sick and die
so you gotta eat probably have you been
sleeping no data like randomly text me
like 4 o'clock in the morning can't
sleep I feel bad but it gives me candy
can't eat no no you can't eat you he
doesn't want to eat because there's no
salt or flavor he's not appetizing you
know what have you got to eat like clay
if you don't eat clay to stay alive
he's not gonna clay just saying maybe
anyway let me sit down real quick let me
cover this now on dad
we're here to busy the guy just wanted
dead I don't care I don't care about my
you we told you I Lauren up to let me
tell Jennifer bring you any food yeah
how long I'll say that
we only tell to bring you what
what do you let me tell Jennifer to
bring you nothing Birkin just put out
this Cinnamon Toast Crunch milkshake
how about oh and offer pagoda but
they're always out of food in their high
insult but say hey he keeps insisting
he's leaving I'm telling him you got to
keep him a little longer
you can't I know the biggest reason that
he wants to leaves cuz he's not sleeping
and that I understand yeah totally it's
gonna have 1/2 an hour with you well you
need it you need the assistance and the
thing is it's kinda like a prank that I
called was a hey can you bother him like
every 20 minutes
yeah I didn't do that you can't do that
I would have liked they were not gonna
prank the person as if the house were
like we got two of the problems fewer
the problem boo-boos customer the other
day you haven't told me
where's the doctor I'm gonna call the
nurse in there what what kind of
problems
what oh yeah I'm in anger grandpa's room
can you keep from here another month
yeah well I go vegan though I can't
leave you thought oh my gosh and he also
said he only wants to eat clay
well you can be getting a better mood
anyway yeah you just need to be sleep
because without sleep you ain't gonna be
able to function yeah definitely you
probably feel a lot better with some
slave when do you want us to leave are
you ready I think he's ready earlier you
like off-camera you guys use exhibits so
what'd you have for dinner he's probably
go now yeah like five times what about
without a food well they ran out of food
at six o'clock but it was also like
Saturday Sunday they were closed on
Monday so I mean who's what's going on
you see what we know that I think he
just fell asleep walls explain oh I know
I explained those that will come to
close we were talking and he's just like
he's mumbling something off subject he
was dreaming so you guys sorry for
keeping this from you for a week you
know but I wanted to you know I've been
told him all week
good I don't want I don't want to say
anything you know no not until you know
yeah exactly so here he is you guys and
you can see he's just tired
what is this hey cigarettes you know a
heart monitor
oh fuck that's like a pack of cigarettes
to the hospital I mean no we're not even
funny cuz we were to cut it out of the
wall you did you do that before you were
in the hospital you snuck a pack of
seconds one of the bathroom and smoke it
you guys call it did what do they do
yeah why he threw you out yeah what if
you were sick and stuff it wouldn't
matter the reality here goes that was so
Shing having a throat spasm cuz it was
so funny I'm covering the lens we'll
leave in just a second well
all right Bob we're gonna leave you
tomorrow I'm gonna stop on the way out
though it's on make sure they keep you a
little longer
yeah really get some sleep
oh we're dry yeah it's definitely get
some sleep so I'm gonna tell Jennifer
because she's probably gonna come soon
i'ma tell her to not bother you and just
sit down don't wake you up
no yeah why you feel good we're good
well yeah bye pop says bye I'll see in a
couple of days when he's home sometime
in the next six months I really think he
just seemed really tired yeah he was
very tired he seemed better than he did
that day you'd say that yeah guys the
day he went though I couldn't talk to
him I was like hey how you feel you need
to go to the hospital yeah maybe after
some sleep he'll just seem like little
perky at me I think most of this one's
just really sleepy
those insurers yeah so all that stuff
laminating to this deal even you guys
definitely see better
just as higher but definitely not like
it was yeah I mean he's not like puffy
like you want this we have a drained a
lot of fluid out of him so I believe
Jenny's sad like 16 pounds I mean if
he's gonna be giving fluid drained up
the rest of his life
yeah that's part of life now with
cirrhosis but you know a lot of the
other symptoms are basically about
nourishment because he's refusing to eat
or sleep
so guys yeah that's that we're leaving
dad I hope you start feeling better he
really wanted us to leave today I know
he sat at like we were only there for
what an hour and he said like pretty
much leave like seven times were there
for almost two hours
oh okay it did next stop pagoda
hopefully I wanted to show you guys this
new gaming chair I leave this from
clutch this is it has a w/e chair and
most people use their gaming chairs to
play games in I am going to use it to
help me cook yes it's tight squeeze it
turned off
take this I gotta figure this out these
heart doesn't burn yeah they are burning
mmm Michael what perfect that's perfect
you you're like they're perfect
may I give this child the kitchen I'm
trying okay
okay
big mistake huh oh my gosh huge mistake
I need to start playing my god
that's almost gonna be it for today you
guys you know we're gonna be doing the
outro here pretty soon before we do we
are actually gonna watch a horror movie
Bridget and I have decided to watch in
city yes which is one of the horror
movies that actually still scares me it
takes a lot to scare Michael okay I
don't get scared easily oh yes Sidious
City and I don't get scared easy Michael
you get scared like oh that's right I do
I mean movies I mean talking about real
life guys before we do that I wanted to
take a minute to you know say thank you
guys for all the love and the support
that you were saying to dad you know it
means everything you guys it seriously
the look on his face when I was showing
the comments you guys were posted
yesterday was amazing it's the happiest
I'd seen him you know in a week and that
includes when I went there to see him I
was like hey Dad I brought you dinner
and you look good you know
didn't matter showed in your comments
and he loved it thank you guys so much
you know I know he seemed a little shaky
in the vlog earlier but he was just
tired you guys and you know pretty mild
nourished he's still not eating we're
getting on that track we're gonna get on
that right track we're gonna get to the
point where you know things start
running smoothly but until then you know
it's good to see him happy for something
and that's because of you guys so guys
thank you we're gonna be doing this
review in just a second
I gotta mentally prepare myself I'm not
I'm not mentally I'm scared
yeah guys we got a we're gonna turn the
lights out no every lights out I'm a
good star lights are out
well who can't have you one while we
watch insidious Oh spooky here we go
rich in it I think I turned the light on
someone without one here we go all right
one more light Oh guys we're watching
watching the Sidious you got Lucille
yeah Bridget has Lucille in preparations
for this movie I was like to turn this
light off how did this get on one these
are actually smaller bags of popcorn
so yeah only goes for a minute and a
half so I can't hit the popcorn button
popcorn being made 5 4 3 2 1
this tiny little bag of popcorn you go
through this just like a snack bag what
and that what is this I'll make you six
more
I got McCord Bridges reaction of this
here you go Bridget
Tydeus blow bag I'll let you know what I
think about this movie afterwards maybe
a little bit of a warm up to my reaction
channel because we're getting very soon
to my first rule reaction but first
where's the popcorn Adam what throw some
popcorn guy movie just sended you guys
my god it's scary we need light on
everywhere yeah more lights we need more
lights me neither
all right that's a lot better you scare
Clyde I know you're tired what you
scared what's that noise
playing a knocking sound it is fala it's
just a movie we're doing the outro here
on just a second you guys first Bridget
and I need to like readjust to a world
where insidious didn't exist because
that movie is scary guys not a lot of
movies scare me
insidious is one of them that does
insidious this you're not gonna do a
full movie full movie review or anything
but guys if you're looking for a scary
movie to watch for Halloween
check out insidious it's terrifying it's
realistic and there's about a kid who
can astral project which actual astral
projecting is when you sleep you're able
to leave your body and travel around and
I guess he travels too far away from his
own body and now it's a destination for
spirits to try to inhabit it so guys you
haven't seen it check it out it's time
for us to do this outro
I was scared I don't wanna go to bed
I'll be honest I covered ones actually
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching pretty good day
had a good time hanging out with Dad he
seems a lot better than he did ya guys
once again I just want to say thank you
for all the you know likes in the
comments that you gave in yesterday's
vlog I was talking about it or Leo such
you know the guys it meant a lot I
showed you grandpa off camera or some of
the stuff that you guys were saying it's
awesome
you know without you guys we're just
some regular people with like you know
total dysfunction right that's but
that's you guys we're just like you know
I'm just a fat dude with a dad who
breaks stuff right but with you guys in
our lives you've changed everything so
thank you so much for the support and
the comments you guys have you guys mean
everything to us thanks for watching you
guys
like subscribe favorite everything with
us and I have we've done anything about
this yet
no not yet I was born on it we're
leaving the store today you guys to get
the hot dog stuff and I see a god of
light we're walking by a dude and he
looks at Britches face I like don't
worry Bridget everybody gets herpes
right it's just full blown and the guy
was like Daddy yeah bye-bye
yeah guys get me out of here plans on
Friday the 13th thank you so much for
all the comments you guys are getting
out of here like subscribe favorite is
so much
