what's going on you guys gibiatti camera
here now I wanted to tell you a story
first I'll show you my new shirt words
on a shirt
thanks to t-shirt hell anyways I thought
I would tell a story about the time
angry grandpa farted in church so we
went to a church called Trident Baptist
Church I think at the time I was like
maybe five and I would lay down on the
pews and lay down with my head on Dad's
knee and stuff and he would slip me
candy and shit I didn't really give a
fuck what the guy was talking about he
was planning a church picnic and he was
asking people around the church you know
what they want to provide people were
raising their hands hey preacher I'm
gonna bring in the pig and we're gonna
roast it very good God's gonna bless you
for that one buddy mr. preacher I'm
gonna bring a potato salad Lord will
bless you for that boy usual Mama's
recipe now he's going around the church
he's planning this big church barbecue
and I hear dad he's going my commitment
limiting big beans and the preacher says
well are there any more volunteers and
Dagwood prettier too so the place is
silent nobody's talking everybody looks
to dad and this is exactly what happens
that's sitting down Oh preacher right
here oh yes sir charlie
that long that loud and the smell was
horrible
mind you I'm laying now now on the bench
so his ass is in my face so yeah I feel
the fucking wind the entire church heard
this it was silent and everybody just
burst into laughter at people on the
floor fucking laughing my brothers on
the floor of my god preachers on the
podium Charlie all of a sudden our
section of benches people just start
piling away from and there's just this
big fucking gap and everybody's just
going oh people are pointing and
laughing at dad oh and dad's is good
excuse me
so dad goes to the bathroom meanwhile
everybody else is going on my god I
heard it was loud it was vicious it was
devil like nobody wanted dad farting in
church he farted in church everybody
heard it and they did not let him forget
it until he split up fucking place
hey pastor Haynes fuck you sorry
personal feelings to that motherfucker
fuck try then Baptist Church
