keep behind a camera here oh we open the
door I thought Joe did you leave you did
you still mad yeah you got ya three days
to get ahead oh my god what is that
okay weed or something
I got you fucked up with doing it yeah
you did all even
my fridge over full well you leave
you're not that mad anymore fucking keep
yawning camera here grandpa just found
out that he was gonna be you dick ribbit
huh
grandpa says he has something for me
which is probably some gesture joke when
you have to wear your diver to get your
fine
hey I'm not wearing that diaper nasty
motherfucker oh yeah you gotta belong to
a freakin reptile well grandpa you're
doing your IV kicked out I bit was
bullshit
while you were anyway it was bullshit
you happy now
sup my dick what still pissed you look
at my phone was like closet the laundry
room
I got your laundry room hanging a
princess you don't have to heat it he
just has nothing anymore he's just using
anything hold on let's try it out that's
a cigarette ash well I'll go to a
figurehead ass hanging princess what's
gonna be ass
you don't smoke about jasmine now you
don't blowing smoke up with the hole in
your belly oh yeah you're right you sold
three sugars to the time can't you will
you get out of here
yeah go ahead yell get out of here I'm
tired you pray I ain't being kicked out
I can stay here as long as I need to
I had a question what do you got an
Xfinity bag on your floor and you use
time-warner they got pretty bad okay
Otto grandpa's a big comcast fan
apparently he's got fuck eye he collects
all the merchants that lasted miss up no
way
comcast is the hump step better than Tom
Warner oh shit tar water sucks I agree
we have congas
we have Comcast still dead with DVR and
HD and fast internet I got a town
warrant that goes out at least three
times a week bullshit what can I have
calm
you
