what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and I am today just gonna
talk about a book I bought a couple of
books about today first is of course the
Casual Vacancy by JK Rowling now if you
don't know JK Rowling is the writer of
the Harry Potter books you know Harry
Potter now I didn't buy this book
because I'm a Harry Potter fan I guess I
did but I'm not expecting Harry Potter
out of this I'm actually just expecting
a new story I'm ready to see what else
she can write now this is not a
children's book I've already read some
of this I'll have a full review of this
probably tomorrow when I finish it but
for now take a look at it it's the
Casual Vacancy you want to see a little
more about it kind of people like to
show shit I don't know what just a back
it's the Casual Vacancy right there
everything I've seen so far has been
pretty good
definitely don't go into it expecting
any kind of Harry Potter whatever don't
go in there with any expectations of
Harry Potter because there's nothing
like that now I still got another book
damien echols
I guess that's how you pronounce it it's
called life after death everything I've
heard about it is a guy who spent 18
years on death row for a crime he didn't
commit and this is his book it's
biography so check it out - I'll let you
know how that is after I finish reading
the Casual Vacancy so those are the
books I bought today I actually bought a
journal it's really irrelevant I guess
but why not show it it's a new journal I
got it it's a Barnes & Noble 15 bucks I
got it anyway I'm a nerd I keep journals
I write all the time so why not get one
of this my tattoo on it so anyway that's
it I just been laying here all day I ate
that pizza last night and Bridget called
dad she really did called dad and so
today no pizza
I just been fucking sitting down
freaking water and bullshit
oh shit grandpa calls me today all right
how you doing now cool I need to make
sure I knew make sure my baby's all
right so there oh my update let's see
what we got here what did you add xbox
let's see anything new already had this
internet explorer update actually I
already got the update for Internet
Explorer and shit the other day and
Bridget was trying to play a Red Dead
Redemption and was getting pissed off
because it was interrupting her game
time check this out
you'll pull your Red Dead Redemption
soon I bought the game for me and she
and I can't even play anymore she said
that it's her save now I can't even play
the game this isn't fair I got to where
you are how do you wrangle the horses
and stuff it's a hurry I thank God you
did it once you can't hurt anything yeah
she says the the zombie undead is too
hard for her and scared it's too hard
that's so freaking cool that's the
coolest oh my god except for Charlie
Sheen this really is neat huh whatever I
don't see anything new like subscribe
whatever else do that see
