what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and I'm home in my house
again thank God they don't want to stay
another minute in that hospital I got my
surgery I don't know if I can show open
wounds on YouTube I can show you the
ow and we gotta keep her from jumping on
me home booby goes up and down okay dump
it down well I'm gonna go down lay down
in a minute
not really yeah you are I'm actually not
my heart but I wanted to tell a story
real quick about yesterday where beef
right before the surgery I told you I
was gonna tell you this right before the
surgery I'm laying in bed and this
church guy comes in he was like he just
comes in I don't know who he was at
first he had like a spiky hair cutting
stuff and he was like while you feeling
today son and I'm just oh I'm feeling
okay uh are you getting rid of a thigh
right here
yes sir I am I thought at this point
he's like some financial advisor because
I don't have insurance so I'm gonna be
paying for this shit out of pocket now
and the guy starts talking he goes well
do you got Jesus Christ in your life do
you believe in Jesus and so I just go no
sir and that was the wrong thing to say
I should have just said yes prayed with
him and moved on because telling him I
didn't believe was the worst thing I
could have done he stayed there for
about 15 minutes telling me stories
about how he met somebody who Jesus
walked into their front living room and
I thought he was friendly I'm not saying
he wasn't friendly he was a nice guy you
know it was nice to him to come visit me
but I don't give a shit yeah I'm about
to go into surgery I want to talk to my
family I wanna talk to my family not you
buddy
you know I'm not your family I'm your
wife to the hospital oh she's wearing
the coffee shirt again mm-hmm so this
shit goes on for 15 minutes well uh I
think if you try and let Jesus and I
said sir I'm not an atheist and I'm not
an atheist
I'm an agnostic I like to I like to try
and figure things out I don't know I
don't know the answer and I'm not gonna
pretend to I'm not totally closed-minded
I'll hear sides out all this
but I don't know this hurts they gave me
purpose set and so I'm just listening to
this guy and he starts telling me this
story about this woman she was sitting
on the couch chenna
she was sitting there in Jesus walked
into her living room and I could tell
when she told me that she was telling
the truth why is just somebody telling
you a story I could tell you that I was
laying in my hospital bed and Jesus
himself came in and gave me a piece of
fish I said I didn't like seafood very
much so he turned it into chicken and
would you believe me just because I'm
telling it to you you can't take people
for the word anyway i humored the guy oh
yes sir oh that's very interesting
because I'm not a piece of shit
and I was genuinely interested and
appreciative that the guy was talking to
me to begin with you know it is cool
that the guy would take time out of his
schedule to come talk to me it's cool
and then I tell him about dads little
like when Dad died and so now he turns
his attention to dad and he starts
talking he goes well tell me what el me
about tell me about what you saw and the
first thing dad says is although I
remember see this big bright ass light
and the guy looks so you saw a big
bright light no that's that big bright
ass light and he looked totally
uncomfortable to be there at that point
so he wrapped it up after a few minutes
of talking to anger grandpa so dad thank
you for writing that guy out of there
but the only thing that I was thinking
while I'm sitting here before surgery
and this church guy comes is wait a
minute is this a dangerous procedure and
what about the fucking die why is the
preacher here am i giving my last right
so I got my surgery I'm fine
I got percocet so I don't feel nothing
I'm good right now and that's it I'm
going to bed I just had me some Taco
Bell got some of those taco as I say
Taco Bell tacos I got some of those
Dorito tacos I got a chalupa
and I'll need one of each
and I'm ready to go to bed I guess I
wasn't gonna eat as much as I thought
anyway I'm going to bed now at least for
a few hours UFC comes on tonight 152 so
I'm gonna watch that but again thank you
all for the thoughts and shit you've
given me I do appreciate it seriously
knowing that I had such an outpour of
support I did have a lot of pieces of
shit oh fat motherfucker I don't give a
shit you know I honestly don't take your
fucking criticism to heart otherwise I
would have fucking logged the fuck off
YouTube a long time ago so thanks for
the support I did appreciate you guys so
like and all that other shit and thanks
