what's going on you guys kick me on a
camera here and I'm still in the
hospital
however at one o'clock this afternoon I
did get my gallbladder removed surgery
was removed I'm a lot better
well feeling shed but I was able to eat
so in that perspective I'm a lot better
I was able to eat but I'm dropped like
he weighed me again and I was 277 when I
came here and now I'm like 270 so I lost
seven pounds here
that's what not eating for three days
did to me those seven pounds I pray came
to back after because they started me up
on a liquid diet so they gave me some
jello with some apple juice and if I was
able to hold that down they were gonna
let me get food and I held it down and
so the hand made this fucking menu stick
this out like a real menu
got text message by the way
from Bridget
so anyway
Bridget it's a good topic she has been
here the whole time with me she's
actually home now because I saw her go
get some sleep
she's been another day up here with me
she actually walked in right after I
finished my vlog earlier this morning's
blog and I'm really lucky to have
Bridget I really am I'm really
appreciative of it so Thank You Bridget
you really know a lot easier to have you
a little time and really happy to have
had you so thank you my love you Bridget
so
got the gall stone or the gallbladder
removed the official diagnosis I had was
gallstone pancreatitis because the gall
stones got out of the gall bladder and
then flamed the pancreas so they had
that getting out and for all of you who
were telling me on the video previously
Oh either you being fucked around or you
came to juice gold fillings by rapid
weight loss I'm gonna listen to the
doctor who told me I could the three
doctors that told me they could and then
the team of student doctors who also
told me that it does that and you could
also try using Google before you make
such a naive statement because it can
and it did they did the same thing to
Bridget Bridget had her gallbladder
removed a little couple years ago for
the same thing so
oh yeah want to see what I ordered real
quick cuz I'm so fat and hungry the
second they told me I could eat the
first thing I order was a cheeseburger
with lettuce tomato ketchup and mustard
french fries
sweet tee' a dinner roll and a piece of
pound cake I was still fuckin hungry but
I wasn't the same lady goes you gonna
order more if you want I was like so
then I ordered oven fried chicken mashed
potatoes and gravy
a breadstick green beans macaroni and a
piece of chocolate cake holy crap I'm
fuckin full now tell you that and
breakfast it is what 11 o'clock at night
breakfast is coming in the next couple
hours yes
so anyway I'm gonna get off of this I
can't I can't show you the incisions I
got staples and stuff and I don't know
if YouTube allows that type of shit they
call it gross or something because they
cancelled my videos where dad took his
toenails off and shit so I don't know
but thank you for all the wishes dad
filmed all he was here today again Doug
Feith on now it was kid I Kimball going
love you too bad
I would do the same thing to you so I'll
have those videos up probably tomorrow
morning or something and I have some
more videos that I filmed before I went
that I guess I'll have to upload Bridget
aid the spaghetti from here comes honey
boo boo where the mom made sauce out of
ketchup and butter I filmed that before
I went into the hospital so I'll put
that up and some other shit I did know I
did up unboxing up some Harry Potter
books and anyway I'll upload that shit
and in the meantime I'm going to sleep
because I get to go home tomorrow
morning water I should drink more of
this more often
like subscribe all that shit and again
I'm grateful to have you bridge it
grateful to have dad establish really
cool today too and I got a funny story
I'll tell it in a blog probably tomorrow
about the church guy coming to see me
before my surgery so I'll save that but
like subscribe all that shit and SIA and
thank you for all the wishes
