what's going on you guys
Kippy Anna camera here and this is
actually the second time I've tried
doing this video first time the audio
was all fucked up you couldn't hear me
at all if this one doesn't work that I
don't care plug in your headphones cuz
I'm too fucked up to do this so right
now if you can't tell I am in the
hospital before you all start going old
if that motherfucker doesn't had a heart
attack while I doing dad like that's
coming here go motherfucker heart attack
that bastard anyway before you start
saying that it is my gallbladder and the
reason that happened is because they
said I lost too much weight too quickly
because the first heart of telling you
guys about me going on a diet and stuff
which is a little bit ago actually I
weighed like 334 pounds and when I came
in here I was 277 and so they're telling
me that I lost too much weight too quick
and so my gallbladder start to produce
stones and then my body started to spit
the stones like all over my body and
shit
I'm like a fucking pinball machine right
now
I gotten more pricks in me than Paris
Hilton look at this shit my hope the
other day the lady didn't plug the IV
into a vein and so my arms are swelling
they went down now but that's from a
shot this morning they are waiting on my
levels drop before they give me gall
bladder surgery that's great so it's all
happened the other day after I uploaded
that video where grandpa destroyed this
fucking TV so grandpa while y'all were
watching oh this video fucking fake and
this is stupid no that shit I was like
keeled over cuz I'm like fucking dying
but anyway I've got a lot of wishes and
Facebook and shit I appreciate all that
and hopefully this audio is much better
check this out I have this they had to
go through my hand because they couldn't
find the veins in my arm because I'm so
fat I guess that's why they were just
sitting there digging through the veins
of my arm and we work here funded and
actually got trouble for having my phone
and computer stuff they were like that
you gotta put your stuff into your
property bad you can't be having to yell
now we're not responsible for any stolen
goods I don't care I got my computer
I've accrued a listening they're like
what the fuck I can't even eat it right
now and you know that's like the hardest
thing for me haven't eaten in like a day
and a half
this is bullshit I'm fucking starving to
death
but I can't eat because of my a grafite
the gall stones and it might they forgot
to have surgery can't eat anyway so I'm
thinking one thing when I feel better my
fat ass is going to Taco Bell and I'm
getting fucking tacos and I'm loaded the
fuck up
Bridget left about nine o'clock last
night she was gonna stay but we went
like nine o'clock the previous night she
hadn't slept yet so it had been a whole
thing hadn't slept yet so I told her to
just go home just go home and grandpa
actually showed up here I woke up
yesterday morning with dad pending with
a camera in my face
good morning son it's my motherfucker
and so I gotta upload that video from
here in the hospital bed you know I hope
you feel better now upload this video
for me real quick
so whatever hopefully this all eases up
hopefully I get my surgery today won't
mind if my numbers drop and I can go
home and then I can eat some fuckin Taco
Bell I'm starving to death it's a it's
one of those things like I'm sitting in
the bed thinking about what my meals
gonna be like well when I get home I'm
gonna get me from Taco Bell I want a
Hershey chocolate bar with almonds it's
just thinking about all the shit you
want I want fucking Taco Bell on Chinese
Bridget you ready for a buffet because
when I get home my fat ass is going to
aggravate whatever wounds I have in my
stomach from the surgery because I'm
eating like crazy so they're really
funny when they took blood for me the
first day I was here I don't do good
with blood and stuff so the guy takes my
blood and I just start vomiting in the
trash and I was like farting at the same
time it was really embarrassing but
anyway that's what's going on I'm here
at the hospital dying I'm probably going
to be dead I'll die in surgery and
that's it
my hair was fuck now I should get it cut
shit die well wish me luck and or wish
me death must be death do that and
subscribe alright see you guys hopefully
I don't die in surgery
