listen this is never easy for me to say
but I messed up
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here Wow okay what's going on
over there
okay ladies trying to kill Felix is that
why you keep hiding Felix is it lazy all
along today is Monday and today I took a
shower and you smell like garbage hot
garbage
what like vinegar Michael this is it
going to help
well to clean the shirt Michael this is
disgusting just change your shirt today
is Monday and suddenly I'm just as clean
as Bridget is you are not you are more
dirty than ever put the and lazy okay
you could have just changed your shirt
today is Monday and today we're gonna
dance like fortnight yeah Bridget just
had the bright idea for me to do the
dances from fortnight yeah I've never
seen them before you guys so I don't
know what kind of dances she's talking
about
um I think you'll do great was that face
about nothing I just I think he could do
it alright let's check some of these
things out what you've got this babe I
can't vomit oh come on what are you I'm
filming you you know why because I'm
going to have the other half you don't
have to pull this off Bridget baby you
could do this I can t the editors
correctly what I have - split screen
yeah come on you can do that Irish to
the hands like come on you got this
I'm trying what are they doing the lads
come on you got this my decoration up
this is the hardest one you're not gonna
pull down enough let's just switch it a
feeling most of us will be shelling
during this you're fine that's not even
showing is it showing or not we met a
bit yeah so now
oh my god yeah good job
no one is it you're doing great oh my
god that was a lot harder than I thought
it was gonna be boy you know I mean you
didn't fell as bad as I thought yes I
did yeah thankful it was robbed those
robbed but it was funny I don't want to
be funny I wanted to try to do it now my
heart's racing I'm sweating am i
starting the diet today we started
yesterday babe Shh we got some really
good news later morning the vlog you
guys we're gonna take the boys out to
dinner in a few minutes first then we're
gonna get right to that but first I want
to talk about something listen this is
never easy for me to say but I messed up
I made a lot of people mad than
yesterday's vlog and look it was a total
accident people are accusing me of
clickbait and like lying and number one
it is absolutely not clickbait there is
real clickbait on YouTube and I prided
myself and not being one of those people
there used to be vlogs where somebody
was like oh look we're getting married
and nothing like that happens in the
vlog that's clickbait
a lot of people don't understand the
term clickbait did I make you want to
click the vlog yesterday maybe but like
if you're a fan you should be watching
it anyway guys what I did yesterday
wasn't clickbait I was actually
addressing real claims that people
thought I was leaving YouTube because
there's a lot of people leaving YouTube
right now and the reason a lot of people
are leaving YouTube right now is because
it looks like YouTube's trying to run
people off of their own platforms and
they do that by not delivering
notifications and they do that by making
six such strict guidelines and changing
the algorithms and modernization
policies and so people are looking into
other things like twitch and you know
patreon Xand you have all this other
stuff that people are doing and people
were asking me if that's what I was
doing
because I was doing the live streaming
and talking about one to write movies
and I wanted to assure everybody that
that's not what was happening but it
made a lot of people mad a lot of people
click dislike they thought I was like
trying to do some clickbait stuff and
hey I don't totally disagree with you if
I was on YouTube and I saw a video
called leaving YouTube I would think it
to buy the channel leaving YouTube and I
totally understand that for that reason
I do want to apologize but at the same
time it's not the clickbait that people
were trying to make it out to be because
there is real clickbait in the in the
you know lots of people do clickbait and
I try not to do that I try to be
truthful I try to call the vlog
something that's actually in the vlog
rather than most people that do
clickbait which is totally made-up and I
try not to do that I try not to make
something up I don't think that I ever
have did I call it leaving YouTube yes
but did I address leaving YouTube
absolutely and I'm gonna call this video
you know I messed up sorry
because I'm apologizing you guys for
messing up and people are gonna call
that clickbait so in the end you can't
really win but I wanted to make a moment
to first apologize I'm sorry you guys
for click baiting you I don't think it
was click bait hey I really don't
because I've seen real click bait and
it's made me mad and I don't want to be
that so did i click bait you guys
yesterday absolutely not but you should
have been watching it anyway so guys I'm
taking the boys out for dinner right now
we're going out to a little bit of
buffet let's do this guys did I mess up
maybe a little bit but I don't believe
in clickbait I don't think that's what
it was
let's go eat right now we are on our way
to dinner with the boys I'm taking them
out to Ryan's for a little bit of buffet
huh
yeah hold up my own tooth what a message
oh you didn't pull your tooth what is
that what is that was it your tooth
whose tooth is that where'd you get that
he just pulled his tooth out dude whoa
are you joking this is the face of
savagery right here oh my god dude
that's gotta be Jimmy
i'ma good to you that was the craziest
thing how that's the crazy thing I've
ever seen in my life open your eyes I
want to see if that's really that's real
yeah he rubs his tooth I know that is
the most savage kid on earth right oh my
god I have no words for what just the
kids are savage a complete dude since
when did you become savage of the year
last year
leaving the gas station right now you
guys had to get something for him some
water
cuz the kid ripped his own tooth out
dude he ripped his tooth out how you
doing what are you doing
dude what are you doing dude you gotta
come down from there savage knows you're
not a savage
bro get down all right down please
you're careful your hand get in the car
Savage what has gotten into you man
you're not a savage back home you guys
dinner was freaking awesome and so was
the conversation that I had with Jimmy
because I don't care how much of a
savage you are you can't be
disrespectful guys don't let your kids
do that in public like I just don't let
it happen we had a conversation I told
him what he couldn't couldn't do now
he's a little bit less of a savage guys
we got some good news to talk about
let's do that are you guys he doesn't
want to do this you know think okay you
can do whatever it is you want to do
okay he's out the hole guys we were
sitting there for like five minutes
what was going to record the scene like
this and then running it for core yeah
oh my gosh almost try to get that back
okay you guys just a little bit of good
news okay okay I'm not gonna make you do
it no more okay oh those guys about a
month ago two months ago I was telling
you guys that we found a cyst on Clyde
and they had to get it tested and there
was a chance that it was cancerous and
then it came back as positive for cancer
and then they did it again sorry I was
get a little sad but guys good news he
does not have cancer yeah it's so weird
he had like some type of infection
so he took antibiotics and I mean it was
just an infection he took the
antibiotics and went away they tested it
again yeah no can
sir and guys we got the news like two
weeks ago and we meant to tell you a lot
sooner but man everything sort of
happening there were cook offs and rap
battles okay Clyde your breast thinks
okay no it does it no it does oh I love
you club Jill price thanks guys why does
not have cancer that's the good news
I wanted to save it for the end of the
vlog you have you would know cancer for
client all right
I swear Purcell's compliments
cancer-free Clyde I feel like he's gonna
start humping he's priming me to be
humped oh yeah I mean he's marked you so
stop saying he's marked me it's in love
with you I'll say that I was not in love
with me he loves us nothing like no no
okay I'm doing this that's the good news
you guys Clyde does not have cancer and
that's a huge burden lifted off of our
shoulders because there's nothing harder
to watch your dog go through cancer it's
like it's so profoundly sad because you
want to help them and you're trying to
help them and you can't you know Bella
had cancer twice and now Clyde just
narrowly missed it so really good news
really happy guys I had an idea we're
getting out of here in just a second but
before we do I want to know if you guys
want hate comments we haven't done this
video in a long time and I think the
last time we did at grandpa was still
alive and we were planning or doing
another one everything fell apart and we
haven't done any hate comments videos
and I think it's about time to read some
hate comments you guys got a lot to say
I want to know about it so guys let me
know in the comments section below if
you want to hate comments video smack
the like button and if you do start
leaving some hate leave some hate you
guys let me know in the comments section
smack the like button and we're gonna do
another hate comments video and yeah you
might see a surprise from grandpa there
you guys because we did film a lot with
Grandpa and my two respondents um hey I
don't know guys smack the like button if
you want to see it well that's gonna be
up for today you guys thanks for
watching that was a pretty good Monday
you
this was a great Monday guys we got good
news about Clyde I apologize for using
clickbait even though come on guys
technically it was not clickbait no oh
my god I'll tell you guys about real
click betas so there's these youtubers
who were like so I was pregnant and it
was not true so far from the truth I
don't believe in that kind of click bait
but either way I apologize you guys
remember smack the like button if you
want us to do another hate comments
video she just loved when I get like
tore down she's like I'm only happy when
Michael feels bad about himself thanks
for watching you guys
Jimmy pulled out his own tooth what a
savage guys we're getting out of here
thanks for watching like oh god favorite
this is karma for making me do those
fortnight days
