this is it guys the moment you've all
been waiting for
yesterday's walk I embarrass myself okay
oh yeah very much pride literally
because I couldn't have Chinese speakers
a pan that didn't happen
guys didn't happen stop it I was trying
to call them about five or six o'clock
now it's lunch it's time for pagoda I
wanted to chronicle eyes this over the
phone this is excited figure that wall
night I'm freaking out what what you
closed on Mondays oh my god you closed
on Mondays who closed on Mondays I'm
Natalie your favorite Chinese place
don't even start Bridget
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here
right there today is Tuesday
today is it Tuesday is it it's little
it's going up on Wednesday we got to
start remembering the days of the week
paring them down
well yeah because you stopped paying
attention guys today is Wednesday and
before we get into this vlog know the
scene of up we're gonna be closed on
Mondays it's not the bad news although
it was bad news there's pretty bad news
we actually filmed that scene yesterday
bridge was like you gotta include it
tomorrow's vlog was I got one up right
but we did he has to that was yesterday
you guys today is Wednesday and today
the bad news we're actually getting to I
don't talk about it right now so we're
gonna get into it later we do have some
bad stuff to talk about you guys and
we're gonna talk about it but first if
you didn't see yesterday's vlog somebody
was at her house and I don't know who I
wanna know I'd like to know guys
somebody was in her house they turned on
the shed and the light in the shed I
feel like at this point someone he's
messing with us so we have now hired our
security to come earlier and guys I
don't want to talk about it anymore I
want to be about it I want to go
investigate what do you think I don't
want to you say here put aloe vera
something on that face of yours we'll
get that all bad I want to go check out
the shed error you you guys that we saw
last night I just want to go check and
see if there's anything that like I
don't know points out what happened
maybe it's my nephews I don't know coma
big girl and I'm bringing my little
friend with me let's go girl
so I just want to see if I can figure
anything out
maybe Bella will smell something come on
girl the last time that happened was
when the juggernaut just came down and I
know it's not mcjuggernuggets so Oh am i
moving too fast for you girl
not that way come on here we are sorry
if the wind is really loud you guys was
this like a snake hole or something
stay close girl huh why you so scared
huh
look out for snakes okay I will not let
them get you I promise
all right
I'm just looking for like footprints
see anything girl
now Bridget Oh what was that he get
scared careful girl Doug cents off snake
in here so I will protect you the only
thing that I can really think of is my
nephews I mean they were here but I had
an eye on them the whole time so I don't
know unless at one point one of them
snuck off which is highly possible that
one of them got out of there so I don't
know guys I can't explain it
dumb-looking let's get out of here girl
we're leaving wait for me Bella wait for
me trying to get ahead of herself and
run out of the yard are you ready let's
get out of here I don't want to dwell on
this you guys it was probably one of my
nephew's or something
no should probably keep those cameras
fixed right
so anyway going back in like I said and
a little bit we got some bad news to
talk about which hopefully leads to good
news so we'll get into that pretty soon
for then let's go hang out live some
life how about that Bella we'll go live
some life oh hell no yes what kind of
spider is this there's not like fur oh
god you moved do we have too many
spiders well I don't trust it out here
let's go inside okay Bridget we
procrastinated this long enough I think
we need to clean the office we just have
to what Felix holy crap
how long have you been in here user
usually he's in a cubby yeah he's never
there what you doing on your feelings
okay not get up anymore guys penis is
putting on some way way oh come on Felix
we need to clean this office they want
to start right now no no what we got to
talk about it I don't want you right now
we should do it
Bridgette I've been avoided vlogging all
day because of it and I just wanted to
do this no guys this office is a total
train wreck
oh my god I'll get mom to help me we got
to talk about this no I know we got to
talk about sky looks really pretty right
now Bridget it's cotton candy in the sky
okay how many times we're gonna tell you
that's not cotton candy it's just pink
clouds you know what I mean
you know what I want to talk about what
the subject we avoided earlier
dun-dun-duh Bridget's face is like 50
shades of jacked up right now you guys
we got to talk about that notice I bet
if you don't know right now Bridget is
dealing with an affliction that there's
no known cure it is an ST you don't so
all right yeah that's not a guys
rhymes with her keys barfi is blurr peas
I'm just joking I'm just joking guys
Bridget had a gigantic like like I would
call a basketball actually it was huge
do that and so she decided to use her
shirt to pop it with she's like I'll get
as like don't use your shirt thank God
now you know everything and does this
and she rubs her skin raw and now it's
become a sword I had to pop it like
several times it's one of those guys
well now every time we are in public
people like oh my god laughing this is
one of conversations like we're Bridget
in public so how you doing today ma'am
I'm good so if you're wondering no it is
not a disease with no
known cure it does have a cure it's
called like measles
it's called me a sporran that's the cure
it looks so gross like it actually looks
like one one of this thing guys when she
puts the meal Sporn on it it's like
bless me and disgusting it's bad I
wanted to talk about it
we're gonna be doing the outro here in
just a second but first to I guess get
into it it's time for the bad news
so I've been avoiding it I've been
trying to stay positive we got to have a
conversation
it said check back to the second three
downs on my fall you guys stop avoiding
it morning what we got to talk about it
oh yeah that's pretty
come on look cute that's coming up leave
it it's supposed to start downloading
right now they posted on Twitter that
it's supposed to be downloaded but it's
still two more days what you're so blue
right now what about it talk about it
tomorrow no right now I guess I got to
stop putting love you guys not trying to
put it off I just not have not wanted to
talk about it you know it's been going
on for a couple of days actually and
sort of been keeping it from you and
then I don't want to keep it from you
and blowing grandpa doesn't want me to
do that number two it's not right I just
didn't want to talk about it because
it's just subsetting number one it's
upsetting to me so just getting right
down to it you guys grandpa's back in
the hospital and I know nobody wants to
hear that and it sucks but he is back in
the hospital right now
the main reason and that's what this is
why I said maybe it could lead to good
news is the main reason is he has
exasperated his condition I guess you
could say the cirrhosis he has made it
worse
by just being stubborn really you know I
love you dad but it's it's not a pure
stubbornness you guys he doesn't want to
take the pills that they prescribed to
him he doesn't want to eat the food that
they say he needs to eat he just does he
doesn't want to listen and because of
that he hasn't been eating he has been
taking the pills that he's supposed to
be taking in time he has been drinking
the ensures that I've been buying I mean
he just I don't know if he feels like he
doesn't have to or whatever it is but
he's doing whatever he wants and that
landed him back in the hospital he went
it was about three days ago he gave me a
call and he sounded awful he's been
feeling awful for about two weeks and he
called me he was like I just got a I go
to bed bye I was like hey put more on
the phone and I talked to Laura it was a
hey
is he okay cuz he sounds really bad and
she said she noticed it got worse and so
about 20 minutes later they went to the
hospital and and true angry grandpa
fashion he showed his blanket in the
waiting room at the hospital they they
got there around 11 o'clock at night and
come 6 o'clock in the morning he still
had not like been told what's going on
they told him they're keeping him over
they told him they're gonna keep him
overnight but they didn't say he had a
room and they didn't know what he was
doing he was just sitting and the
emergency room area and he was like
alright I've had it you sort of flip it
out and you know Jennifer called me said
that's freaking out at the hospital you
got to calm him down so I talked to it
was like dad they're gonna throw you out
the hospital so chill let them do their
thing
ok they're gonna take care of you I
promise just let's figure it out so they
were just overbooked and there was a lot
of people there and then eventually they
did get him into a room and his blood
pressure was like severely low I don't
remember the exact number I think it was
like something under 69 which was like
like really really really low and so
they wanted to have that looked at and
so they sent him to the intensive care
unit and that's why I don't like I don't
like I'm going to be to the ICU it's
terrifying
you know the ICU is you know we're the
really sick people go and I don't want
to think that my dad's really sick so
they got his blood pressure down it's
actually you know manageable now it's
actually like repaired itself I guess
but right now he's in the hospital and
it's bad news and I and and I didn't
want to like keep like to keep hiding it
from you one of the other reasons I
didn't want to say anything is because
there's gonna be a lot of people in the
comment section that are like oh you
should have been messing with the ghost
stuff and you shouldn't have gone out to
the Attic and you made the ghost mad
that's why this
and I find that to be disrespectful to
just my dad in general to to just sweep
away what he's going through as up you
messed with the ghost box you shouldn't
have done that
guys he's he's in the hospital because
he wasn't taking care of himself and
that's what it boils down to and he
understands that and I think moving
forward he's gonna start trying I know
I'm gonna be a lot more adamant to him
that he starts trying a lot more I love
you dad
but you you have to like you have to you
know try a little harder you have to
take the medicine that they give you you
have to eat you know he he doesn't like
to eat because there's no salt anymore
and there's salt but it's not loaded
dad's used to you know five cups of salt
right it's too much salt so we had to
dramatically cut the salt down and hey
if you guys know any good salt
substitutes you know it would be greatly
appreciated right now dad could really
use the tips so that's what's going on
dad's in the hospital
he's been there for about three days I'm
actually I'm gonna go visit him tomorrow
for the vlog he wants to talk to you
guys himself I was sort of against it I
was like dad you know I don't want to do
this I don't want to throw it on vlog
but I realized I can't keep that stuff
from you guys you are a part of our
family so you guys are a much as much a
part of this as anybody else so I can't
avoid telling you this anymore I have to
tell you you deserve to know and it was
wrong of me to think that you shouldn't
so guys that's what's going on dad's in
the hospital that's the bad news
sorry for I don't know it's just I
really have been trying to stay positive
about it I've tried to I've tried to
tell a lot of jokes today I don't want
to undermine what he's going through by
by joking so I'm gonna end the vlog here
I don't want to go any more I don't want
to go on anymore this is gonna be the
outro dad I love you I'm gonna see you
tomorrow
he sounds a lot better so I'm really
happy to see him again he he looks
better today than he did yesterday so
guys that's what you know that's what's
going on that's the bad news I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
know tell grandpa in the comment section
you love them that you're thinking about
them and I'm gonna show them some of
that stuff tomorrow so guys I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching
Bridget's actually in sleep right asleep
right now I did it okay
she's been telling me I got to do what
I've been avoiding it so anyway thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite and dad I love you
you
