what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here and I just finished watching
dad's video about the time he died and I
figured it's something that I could talk
about too because you know I remember
exactly when this happened actually and
it's sort of like an agreed standpoint
because I went to wrestling the night
before he went into surgery I didn't we
didn't know that it was gonna be such a
major surgery the doctor told us that
he'd be in and out he'd be home you know
within the day or the next day or so he
said he would need like a day to recover
and he would come home so we didn't know
it was going to be a major surgery so I
went to Raw on Columbia the night before
it was the raw homecoming or whatever it
was in October like 2000 2006 I think
2000 say it was something it was like
2006 that this happened and you know he
goes through the surgery yeah he got a
bypass surgery when he was younger and
it was botched and the netting or
something broken he had a hernia it was
big half of his stomach was part of the
hernia and it sort of protruding out and
so he was really bad off and we finally
found somebody who would do the surgery
and he did the surgery and died on the
table I remember we were all at home we
lived in this little this little
piece-of-shit trailer way worse than one
we actually lived in in the grandpa
videos and we were sitting there in the
trailer and phone rings and they said he
should probably come say goodbye come
this was that day and his blog he
recalls it as happening you know a week
two weeks later that the day he got the
surgery they called us and said to come
say goodbye because he's going to die
they are already lost him on the table
and they kept trying to bring him back
and we went to the room we all went in
and he had all these machines hooked up
to him and stuff and and
we were all saying goodbye uh you know I
remember he had a the doctors were in
there watching and stuff and mom was
crying and we were all crying my sister
wasn't able to say goodbye because she
was living in New York at the time and
the machines were like turned off he was
dead there was no noise coming out of
them and we all say goodbye and we left
off to the funeral home to prepare for a
funeral and we didn't have a whole lot
of money you know we had my money coming
in because I you know I have had the
same job for years I've worked at the
same place and so we had my money and
mom had a job and that was it you know
we were gonna try to prepare a funeral
what we could you know he always told us
he wanted to be cremated so we were
looking into that it was cheaper anyway
and I hate to say we're gonna cheat our
Father you know and his death but we
didn't have a lot of money there was
nothing we really could do and so we
were looking in the phone rings and it
was the doctors and they said hey you
know we got a signal out of him he's not
awake but he's alive and so mom decided
to go to the hospital you know she
stayed at the hospital every night she
didn't come home at all we would come
visit ourselves and there was no sign of
getting any better the doctor told us we
probably should go back and plan that
funeral you know even though they got a
signal
they don't know for how much longer so
we need to plan a funeral and you know a
couple of times more couple more times
you know he died on the table again
right there in the room you know I
remember we were sitting there and hear
the beep beep beep and every time a
little noise would happen it what is
that
you know you'd hear like a cute yeah I
don't know what the fuck all these
things were and so I kept looking and
then finally be
II was a fucking flatline everybody
rushed into the room me and mom had to
leave McCain back and said no we lost
them and you know we're trying to bring
her back now we were waiting in the
waiting room and they came back okay we
got him back and this was like three we
know is really hard three weeks of you
know is our father gonna live or not we
don't know
and he wasn't awake for three weeks he
was unconscious he was in a coma for
three weeks dying while he was in a coma
my sister decided to come down from New
York because she didn't wanted a chance
to say goodbye to our Father if he were
to die on the table she would really
horribly regret not saying goodbye and
Kim was looking at him on the table and
he was just he looked peaceful and Kim
just started crying right there in the
room and she says you know just like dad
said in his blog she sort of screamed
you're not gonna fucking die
get the fuck up off the fucking table
and his eyes opened for the first time
in three weeks his eyes just open right
there on the table we were and the first
thing he does when his eyes open he
soars like yeah you know it was panting
and looking around and stuff and that's
when the nurses came running in the room
and he grabs one of the nurses by the
shirt and he starts going let me back
send me back he was screaming to send
him back he doesn't want to leave he
doesn't want to leave yet and then he
started to come to and look around and
started starting her you know it was a
very weird experience he just I just
remember they were telling us we have to
leave the room and Kim was apologizing
and they said whatever you did you just
woke him up and he started telling us
you know I saw mama I saw my daddy I
want to go back he was very childlike in
his mind when he first came when he
first woke up you know he didn't know
who we were
he didn't know I was Michael he didn't
know mom was mom he just knew that he
just saw his mom and his dad and anyone
to go back and see him again I'm
surprised I didn't cry telling that
story actually because I get sad
thinking about it because I'd only think
about my father dying but so yeah he
died on the operating table and came
back to life and he tells us he sees
that he saw heaven and stuff I don't
believe in God not I believe in heaven
so I'm sure there was some sort of
explanation but I what can i what can I
say what he saw I don't know what he saw
all I know is that it was weird
