what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here and I promised you the blog
so I'm gonna go ahead and tell it
about the time grandpa got kicked out of
show knees so dad and I went to show
knees it was like 8 o'clock in the
morning there's somebody else with us
one of dad's friends or it was like an
uncle so I can't really remember I was
pretty young
but I remember we all went for the
breakfast buffet we were on the way to
the flea market one one Saturday morning
and we just stopped in for the breakfast
buffet at Shoney's and we were loading
the fuck up man because if you've never
seen the Shoney's breakfast buffet it's
like a typical buffet you got about
three bars but they're all filled with
breakfast items you know bacon sausage
biscuits eggs hash browns chicken
tenders gravies and cheeses it's fair
it's a pretty good breakfast buffet it's
got pancakes and and french toast and
french toast sticks and it was it's a
great breakfast buffet and we were just
eating every fucking thing there dude I
was full after like two plates which was
a lot cuz I was like a fucking
eight-year-old eight nine years old and
dad is just eating more I'm gonna go
I got God am I gonna be four more this
shit and so he goes up and he's got
another plane every plate gets bigger
than the last like this plate has like
fucking a pile of eggs looks like a
mountain covered with cheese and
mushrooms and the next play has french
toast sticks and he takes almost all the
bacon he'll take the tongs if goddamn I
better give me some bacon puts it on the
plate there's people behind him looking
like he took all the bacon and he can
feel - he looks a mess
I'm pretty hungry oh dude I know so he
took all the fucking bacon and we're
talking five plates later dude he's
going back up and the waitress brought
us our check like 30 minutes before
expecting us to pay and he's drinking up
the coffee on refills and he's she's
taking away stacks of plates and finally
she comes up and she goes hi well I'm
just want to let you know we're going to
be changing over to lunch pretty soon so
it is fucking almost 11 o'clock we've
been there for two hours now and daegil
hooker she goes well if you're gonna be
staying for lunch it's actually going to
be a $2.00 extra fee per person if you
want to pay that
I know fun that's fun Kadima food and
she walks away and then finally the
manager comes back sir we're actually
gonna have to ask you to leave
because he didn't really get into any
like explanation we just we're just
gonna have to ask you to leave and Dad
huh oh fuck no motherfucker
I'm staying my fat ass right here and
I'm with a beat'em Oh goddamn
motherfucking bacon how about that the
managers like shell-shocked he's just
well sir the thing is though the figures
motherfuckin between asked me to leave
my goddamn seat because I paying for
this fucking meal long story short
another couple people came out dad had
to leave but we didn't pay we did not
have to pay because dad wasn't gonna
offer any money
whoa fucker you will kill me leave I'm
paying a god damn thing this was all I
can eat no no you say I could eat
motherfucker so they kicked dad out of
Shoney's because he got mountain two
plates bacon and he took all the food I
mean no surprise when you're taking all
the bacon on moon we moon obviously you
gotta leave when you're taking all the
eggs hungry moon they're gonna ask you
to leave now granted I was pissed off
too you know I'm in the passenger seat
fat Shoney's would never go back again
that's one of those things were dads in
the driver feet I would never go back to
Saudi therefore the fuck again he's
calling on my aunt who has the internet
cuz we didn't have a chat Charlene I'm
telling you now I need you to pull up
the number and I want a number two
mister showing himself cuz I'm gonna
give him a piece of my god Emma kicked
me out of the restaurant kick me out of
the goddamn restaurant fuck you so
grandpa was kicked out of Shoney's he
was embarrassed obviously he got kicked
out for eating too much but he was
kicked out of Shoney's and we went back
like a month later like subscribe
favorite subscribe to Bridget West at
Bridget west she's actually not around
right now to say it to you she's not
going subscribe so here I am saying it
subscribe to average' west just do it
just do
it subscribe to the anger grandpa's show
so I guess have to dress up like a
fucking baby whatever like subscribe all
that bullshit favorite what the hell
