what's going on you guys Kibby on camera
here and I'm sick thanks to Bridget
thanks to you
isn't it you're not sick are you I'm
sick alone
and thanks to my nephew's yeah who
Bridget let come over and spend a bunch
of time over here she demanded it
and now here I am a few days later
swallowing snot what from where that's
smart you should buy nothing from them
we just spent fifty dollars in toys the
other day and I don't want to spend more
no more oh god I want to be a
firefighter come on dude
no more costumes for our animals so I'm
sick and it's time for me to start
cooking dinner for Bridget so I'm gonna
cook dinner for now you know I'm sick I
hope your happy birthday
Walmart chicken mashed potatoes done so
that's dinner and the greenhouse today
like subscribe I don't want the favorite
I want this where's this building a
cupcake store we gotta sell like a week
ago yeah you got this this is dinner
your wing-dings of wings and spicy wings
regular wings so tomorrow I'm gonna tell
the story about the time angry grandpa
got kicked out of Shoney's I think I
promised you this story before I never
told it to you if you don't know what
Shoney's is for those of you up north if
you have like a lot of friendlies that's
sort of like a Shoney's they sell the
same kind of food except Shoney's I
don't know friendlies doesn't I but they
have a good morning breakfast buffet and
grandpa got kicked the fuck out of the
breakfast buffet so I'm gonna tell that
tomorrow I'm another one we got kicked
out of a Chinese restaurant for eating
too much food I think I might have told
that before
I might have whatever the K we read a
whole cupcake now those things are
freaking a week old two weeks old I do
have a quick story to tell you real
quick is not long enough for a full
video it was about the time grandpa
destroyed the blockbuster tapes and he
had to pay for them he was not happy
about this so it was like I think like
98 or some shit I remember we remember
we got brighter Chucky beyond the mat
and I think the waterboy wasn't no DVD
oh shit we had VHS it was like 98 or
some shit I don't remember the exact
time maybe 99 so we rented these three
tapes and dad goes and gets a piece and
we're gonna have we had a family night
we didn't have those very often so he
rented these three movies and we got a
pizza and then you went to Bojangles got
some boberry biscuits so dad is ready to
watch the water boy he just sat through
Bride of Chucky cuz a mom he didn't want
to see the shit but he sat through it
now he puts in the water boy whose
bubbles right here no I'm Way too rich
motherfucker
he gotta have a bow barrier so mom puts
in a tape first thing we're here ding
ding ding ding ding ding ding pop pop
pop pop pop pop my mom puts in a
Christmas story she rented a Christmas
story there was apparently other movies
that was one of them David oh I think
through this motherfucker again turn off
the goddamn motherfucking movie
thank you very much bitch she didn't
turn it off she's sitting there I want
to see it man hmm
she does I kind of bullshit a lot so dad
is sitting on the couch I'm getting
motherfucking pissed off Tina turn off
the goddamn Christmas shit I don't give
a fuck about no goddamn duck
he gets up off the couch he'll all right
he grabs the tape out of the VCR just
pulling the film right out of the tape
yeah you motherfucker it's gonna be
Christmas all over the goddamn place now
and he's ripping the fucking film out of
the tape he starts open up the other
boxes and starts destroying them long
story short about a month later
blockbuster called looking for their
tapes because the you know there were
new releases so they were due back like
a long time ago
and daegil I wanna talk about mr. crane
we're calling about a late notice on
some overdue tape she ran from rice and
she starts going at the list of what it
was and there's dad on the phone yes
ma'am I joined him taped in Oh No
oh thank god those tapes Michael what
you know by them tapes I don't know
anything dad no we don't know shit about
no tape now it's almost stolen bitches
don't call my house again now yeah
they're gonna stop calling because you
asked them not to call they call back
the next day yeah mr. Kane we're looking
for some overdue tapes I told you bitch
just there go go goddamn motherfucking
day click and motherfucking tape now
shove them up your ass cuz I ain't got
them mr. green we can't mark these tapes
off of your account until they're paid
in full and you can't rent any further
movies until these tapes are returned oh
I'll give a goddamn fuck you how much
did motherfuckers well sir for the wine
is $40 40 hundred dollars kiss bump on
the fuckin fat ass and he hangs up long
story short we weren't allowed to rent
movies at Blockbuster anymore dad was on
file eventually they came after his ass
with a bill until he finally had to pay
it that was the hardest $300 they were
got on - somebody was angry grandpa
