okay so a lot of you been sending me
questions asking why I'm so fat so I'm
going to answer your question now by
showing you this
it's the $60.00 for the Chinese food oh
hey hey say hello it's my sister out
there it's sort of like we're like
voyeurs or something you know just
filming her from the distance alright
bill you can't eat none of this Chinese
food you Kimmy no it is if I say one
thing to her she always gets pissed off
I say we'd be cool why should we be
Cooper would be cool
oh Jesus hi dan go over the wall yeah
and she's licking it do that do not
wrong I'm just thirsty there's our way
of telling you you're not feeding her or
giving her water
so this is why I'm so fast now what I'm
going to be doing is pulling this all
out here so you can see it so you can
see everything that we ordered sweet
sour chicken pork wonton egg rolls
alright here's our free General Tso's
chicken for ordering more than $40 worth
of food fried dumplings oh my god relax
Brigitte I can tell you're like Bill
Compton strolling sucking blood oh my
god sour sauce with a staple on the top
of it it's open a little bit well you
know what Bridget they don't come they
don't come in up there it's opens and
I'll fuckin spell it I can show you off
love okay fried rice
fried rice you're lucky no more more
sauce no one I love you at all chicken
lo mein where'd you ask for lobster but
I ordered what I wanted instead I can't
eat pops love me forget our chicken and
steps beef with broccoli oh I gotta get
that reaction now I keep doing it
here's your beef with broccoli Jenny she
was going back the one that's I cut the
chicken broccoli - for shit more fried
rice text message and the last thing
chicken teriyaki don't you spill it
stapled this stapled the fucking chicken
teriyaki shut you know he's our ticket
teri hawk okay so here is our food open
the chicken teriyaki Brigitte you rip
back open okay they'll approve it to eat
it
wontons a dumpling general sale 2.2
sweet-and-sour chickens uh beef with
broccoli lo mein bunches of rice egg
rolls and my fat ass getting fatter
subscribe to Bridget would just do it
just she doesn't have a youtube channel
so don't subscribe to her so you better
know what it is now and say what it is
Jennifer Greene its facebook.com slash
Jennifer Greene I just yeah how did you
land that one that's it did for thought
green dot Jennifer doctor doc
facebook.com/ Bridget dot Nicole -
that's my facebook subscribe to it
don't do that who farted oh my god damn
you so excited for food and you got lay
off your repellent
what the hell you had a skunk so right
to a far embarrassed that was not funny
at all
should quite your farce I was fine Oh No
cut help no that part is staying you're
lucky your ass wasn't facing those
candles those are open flame Jesus was
Bella doing button fart she was blinking
um shit would be cool
oh she didn't attack me what the hell
she hold her eyes got fart again she
gonna shit in those fucking pants God
like/subscribe Bella could you stop
doing that you think she's hungry she
wants Chinese food thank you we all we
all know dogs like to eat at subscribe
hey you got sauce on your hand do on the
first try the chicken
