what are you doing counting my change I
get a pack of cigarettes things that bad
did goddamn right things are that bad
was it
dollar dollar dollar fifty dollar fee I
never know efficiency up isn't over 51
pachycereus like four dollars oh my
goddamn cigarette you just pitched it
all together you get it up right there
where's you got 50 cent wait a minute I
bought you cigarettes before it's only
375 you got a no right there I might
want a soda
okay I can't oh you go do not be a
goddamn drink
I'm kind of denying you anything I don't
have money I get a book tour quarter two
goddamn Piggly Wiggly they still got
quarter sodas yep and I got piggy-wiggy
card well good for you I'm thinking you
do where you gotta be fucking online
then where you're not recorders are your
ears
that's not i'll get the diamonds I'll
get the dimes ah hey Dad yeah me Peck
singers battle by oh that Bobby put it
right here give the money back
nobody got no goddamn money hey happy
birthday to me that's my birthday money
happy birthday to me but I'll just grab
your computer they oh now he's got it
all my money my money call police
you are horrible noggin Rory
hame really keeping it oh he's your
money
there's no 20-year pocket sir nice tribe
oh nice try
I have a bomb he was trying to get away
with is there don't ya don't even get my
body you're building 20 yes
garrison China had a goddamn 20 you get
me
you liar nice try though you liar my
money Michael you liar
well she lied you swear to it and just
take is the 20 missing uh-huh me give
her back don't have it what way to go
kick up your ass you buy body ten of
your ass
you know seeing grandpa scrounge for
change like that reminded me of a story
about a time grandpa went to the gas
station with handfuls of change to buy
gas cigarettes and candy and bullshit
and it was really fucking funny because
it was BP and Gaston and he's heard me
get a full pack cigarette in a 2003 had
some candy and bullshit total came up to
like fucking 40 something dollars and
then all of a sudden dad has this like
water jug like you know those damn those
fucking water jugs and working shit he
had one of those big-ass bottles filled
with change and he starts dumping this
shit on the counter and she's going uh
we can't accept that now this is I don't
recall there being any of those change
counting fucking Coinstar things around
us anywhere at the time it was probably
somewhere else but not in Gaston we
didn't have nothing like that so he said
there double you or take my goddamn
currency now edition American currency
that's when dad always goes to his same
joke let me ask you a question do you
accept my American currency and they're
always ooh you accept money I don't know
he doesn't and he did it now you'll
accept American currency that's what the
fuck this is
and he starts counting out the quarters
one two good there's photos right there
eventually she told Dad he has to get
out of the store so he didn't get his
gas he didn't get a signal
Red's but he got his fucking change and
he wasn't done there he grabs his bottle
of change and he goes to the Texaco
across the street starts counting it out
again they're not taking it this time
you fuckin made him take it he got
nothing but the quarters he put him in
piles there's piles of coins all over
this counter and finally she goes I'll
take it sir and she's fuckin it's like
it's like she won the jackpot in Vegas
she's just like polling these quarters
to her oh Jesus Christ I don't think she
could close her register if you won pain
and change he was paying in food stamps
and if they didn't take food stamps he
was cussing them out and that's just how
it was Frank a grandpa paying with a
change bitching and buying cigarettes
like subscribe all that other bullshit
whatever keep keep subscribing on
Facebook or keep subscribing on YouTube
because eventually it's getting close
I'm have to dress up like a fucking baby
grandpa's going to dress up like Elvis
anyway we'll talk about that another
time
like subscribe do all that stuff keep
sending your questions because pretty
soon I'm going to answer those too so
there you go
