keep behind the camera here and we're
leaving this trailer apparently it was
abandoned and but what are you doing
apparently the trailer was abandoned and
they caught it on fire
because they couldn't pull it because it
was too old of a trailer and it said
there was a family that lived here and
of course because we don't matter what
hey go go - goddamn cop me get out of
here what do you mean we just do a bar
go quick hold on so a family lived here
children you see toys around the ground
you could are you serious yeah I'm just
doing a blog Bowie's not gonna said any
cops hold on dad so tweet at nikki Haley
tell her what you think about kicking a
ground pot of his home kicking trailwood
out of their homes there was a good
5,000 people that lived here there were
businesses around it that used those
sorts of people Jesus Christ bad just
let me do this
just look
just let me do this you're not doing
nothing
so tweet at Nikki hailey what are you
doing
what the fuck are you joking all my
phones in the van
my phone was in the van fuck
tweet at Nikki hailey tell them what
they do danger grandpa I gotta walk to
the Sunoco now unless she comes back
okay that's it
okay stop okay
that's okay
