what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and look that has not gone
away now I have a new thing on my finger
I'm gonna show you there that oh look at
that
I don't brush these only fingers wait so
people that stink
Michael so today I'm going to try market
pantry super sour watermelon slices we
got it from Target and I'm gonna try it
it's hard to open it up here put a weird
smell actually sort of smells like
rotten fruit so now here we go
I'm really a big a big fan of fruit
slices not real fruit bat fruit come on
mmm that's will go that's good yeah
mmhmm yeah
good right
I gotta be the got what about bubblegum
I like it you're getting worse as I do
it oh my god
I swallow you did what the fuck it
tastes like a gummy at first but then it
turns into like a clay it's our stars
I'm really Pleasant and good this also
tastes like black licorice mixed with
death yeah fuck knees hey food reviewer
market pantry super sour watermelon
slices are not a buy these are fucking
nasty yeah
