what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here and I'm going to cooking
that is Bella she wasn't you a star
he gobo so I am going to cook again
and this thing has still not gone away
anyway I'm going to cook chicken parm
tonight and bridget is playing will bell
with them so this is our chicken I think
that and I'm going to make chicken parm
we got right here we've got panko
breadcrumbs
we've got flowers a little bit of salt
and pepper over that you can add point
you gonna I'm gonna dip this in the
flour what you forgot to mess up a quick
Bella holy Salmonella now oh it's so
cute
look at down baby so I've got this coat
it in the flour then the egg
then the breadcrumbs
and
I thought oh look you can see it ridges
hmm I want to get it raw right now now I
didn't really show it but you want to
make sure you put a little bit of salt
and pepper over the chicken before you
do all the flour and stuff put a little
bit of salt and pepper inside the flour
and it should fry it pretty good here in
a minute so as I get to frying it okay
it's time to start laying the chicken
inside the pan I'm going to give it a
minute before I put the next piece in
here because the grease will cool down
instantly
so here's the chicken cooking now this
is actually going to cook for about nine
minutes or until the internal
temperature reaches 165 degrees which I
do check okay now I'm going to flip them
and I'm actually looking for this golden
brown color which I have here we go with
C euros
we're actually using angel hair today
you put the noodles in there with a
little bit of salt and a little bit of
olive oil to keep from sticking together
then let's check on our sauce there's
any meatballs yes I made a meatball for
it
this is real draught nonstick aluminum
foil I'm going to put this in the oven
for a minute
yes prison I got it
yeah
Ruthie's months a little over that shit
why see this is a nonstick aluminum foil
so the chicken will not
had that one the frigerator for a few
this is just a basic splinter all cut
down the middle everyone that and a
mouth what don't you want your mouth
don't say it either you want that in
your mouth I don't want you it's one way
to taking this out I'm just so good
let's take this out ah damn look at that
I'm gonna pick the best chickens okay
I'm just joking because you talk my
meatball slid off and I'm angry that my
plate yes I just want one meatball so
ever is we want to know because I didn't
tell you eating the food the other day
what did you think of the spaghetti and
meatballs oh my god oh so gross I'm just
joking boy is so good oh it's the best
spaghetti ever I swear I think everyone
should like make Italy swans okay choose
your chickens
what's the album
Yama well geez you want a little bit of
uh horizon-- yeah you want the fresh out
of the oven that love your chicken
No
I don't know yeah
Thanks Bon Appetit it's chicken parm
with the spaghetti and meatballs mmm I'm
sorry okay
oh my god that is so freaking good well
who eats it like that I don't get it
there's anybody left the whole piece
with one or like that don't you cut it
or anything again
well there you have it there you have it
just give it I'll eat the meatball to
some of that oh go ahead yeah it's hot
welcome cooking for eight hours it is so
good
everyone seriously needs to eat this
spaghetti at least once and their lives
please make it yourself it's really good
I will with the recipe to the spaghetti
and meatballs below in the description
yeah I mean it's just try it out it's
amazing
