so why don't you explain what you're
doing right now losing I'm cleaning up a
goddamn mess donut yeah it looks a
little bit like that you know
you need to quit your do it you dude I
didn't do anything this time I just saw
it Michael you're right i buy you're
right I will help you I can't I need a
new TV now I will help you buy one
Yeah right like every time Sui helped me
you never do what do you mean look
around baby I hope you get this place
and that you you stay the fuck out of it
it's got nothing to do with you you
kicked me out your house the other night
okay
you know it turned off spare fucking
play yeah I'm not doing nothing you know
now you kicked him out what happened
here it's never enough dad and I broke
it I don't remember this at all hey lads
still broken that's too late man what
are you talking about you fell I've
heard about this yeah fell when was this
when I was moving out the old trailer
are you serious I can't do nothing with
design this when I was in New York yeah
go to the hospital I know right right my
ankle feels broken for real
Oh what do I trip over careful what you
wish for you might be
40 wire mine is rap
there's technology I want to share about
technology I mean if you don't mind I
think you probably could have done that
yourself a little bit ago and you can
save yourself a TV you know in the
interview you're gonna be how those
little pieces of glass all over the
ground you know what I gotta do coffee
ever tell you with Joey did you get a
good one like 500
three right
today right you're right I apologize
plane each owe me sooner man I didn't
know you were going to destroy us and
let you have your little bitch fest on
the phone now I got no key does that
work yes we got to think you want to say
what's that fucking thing say god damn
it hard seat back here says since you
satellite TV says your TV will be right
with you Oh what is this that's what I
gotta watch now yeah but it's not right
you know I bought way you know Michael
Michaels a piece of shit bugging Michael
here worth a damn no doubt fuck you with
me pig oh boy if I was any kind of
goddamn man aw Dan off I cut his goddamn
ass y'all know that right
you can't do nothing pickle boy I got
you say that's pickle boy get my goddamn
medicines it looks pretty full it is I
don't take it I apologize to you
you're an apology don't be shitting me
paint dollar like pickle boy right here
fuck him miss shit dick you've got a pen
we get out of there grandpa I'm gonna
throw it in the goddamn house cut out
your new day you do a lot of shit bro -
fucking impersonating because you do a
lousy job anyway there's grandpa stop it
okay
