the prodigy kids you asked are our angry
grandpa and grandma back together no
anger grandpa and anger grandma are not
together again grandma has is living on
her own now grandpa lives on his own and
look their marriage was bad as it was
you saw the videos ok you know that they
were unhappy they always fought they
screamed at each other they cussed so
breaking up was for the better so no
they're not together they're not back
together they're not gonna get back
together and I hope I answered your
question I assumed I did know the
answers no my favorite wrestler in the
90s it's not a common one actually but
my favorite was Dean Malenko Dean
Malenko was the fucking man he still is
the fucking man even if he doesn't
wrestle anymore if you don't know who
Dean Malenko is google it Dean Malenko
he was the fucking man that was my
favorite wrestler my most cherished
memory with angry grandpa it's hard to
say my most cherished memory was
actually several memories we would be
together every Saturday for a few years
we'd go to the flea market and we'd sell
so stuff he would sell like you know
cowbells and all kinds of bullshit but
we would set up at the flea market we'd
have a table and we would just sell
together and that is what kept me from
smoking and drinking and all that stuff
because I had a big relationship with my
father growing up we were very close
growing up
so fed to choose a memory it would be
one of those Saturdays at the flea
market because we were very very close
growing up when I was growing up so I
feel bad saying this I got a new
computer
I sold the other one without fucking
realizing the fucking footage for the
documentary was on it so I'm starting
over the whole process again it's a
bitch so I'm sorry to say it's like
starting over and it really does suck
and I you know I know I promised you
guys in July and I was fucking stupid I
sold the shit
and that's that I really fucked up
though I'm and I apologize to the fans
cuz I did promise you this is gonna come
still but it's not gonna be the
direction I had for it before what I had
before I had the reunion of my brother
and grandpa the first time they saw each
other and you know a few years and it
was awesome and I lost it so here's just
starting over can I sing Nirvana where
did you sleep last night first I don't
think it's a Nirvana song it is Nirvana
they covered it but I think of somebody
else anyway let's see here hmm my girl
my girl don't love me tell me where did
you sleep last night in the pines in the
pines where the Sun don't ever shine
love shiver the whole night through my
girl my girl don't lie to me tell me
where did you sleep last night in the
pines in the pines where the Sun don't
ever shine lower shiver
oh nice throw what did you sleep last
night
my girl in the both of you what are some
of my favorite bands
number one is System of a Down
number two is Death Cab for Cutie number
three is nirvana and the rest to be a
mixture
you know Stone Temple Pilots and Nine
Inch Nails and shit like that I grew up
in the 90s and that was where my Center
for music is you know Red Hot Chili
Peppers and shit like that
I'm very open to other music I tried to
listen to country music I don't like it
Oh Papa top again I guess it's time for
another round set him up my friend so
I'm not in the country music I'll try it
out you know I can listen to some Hank
Williams senior came in last night bout
a half past 10 that baby a mine wouldn't
let me in but I don't really so yeah I
would go with System of a Down Death Cab
for Cutie in Nirvana what do you know
what happened to my diet I'm still on it
I've dropped down from fucking 320
pounds to 280 pounds I'm not doing
anything I shouldn't be doing we've
never had my diet P believe it
shipbreaker come what have you my
fucking diet
mmm-hmm fine
okay my girl my girl don't lie to me
tell me where did you sleep
are you in princess making a baby as a
matter of fact we are
wait are you so playing The Sims no oh
no we're not me we're not making a baby
does angry grandpa have anger issues
what make you say something like that
turn it off I'll fuck you fuck you fuck
you
fuck y'all
I fuckin hate y'all fuck you know no
anger issues over here okay the thing
that got me into filming is just growing
up with angry grandpa somebody had to
see this shit I grew up with this all my
life he's always been this way he's
always been an asshole he's always
broken shit so that's what got me into
filming and I guess editing just came
with it
that is just absurd advertising for
great value why would I do anything like
that I don't support no no of course not
uh last time I shaved five minutes ago
always always working on new rap music
in fact man the shit is really getting
bad what's the plan damn shit just hit
the fan sick of it the screen sick of
being scared I'd go to sleep and then I
dream of death I'm not prepared to reach
the end was to come and I'm sick of it
I wish that god I could believe in him
but shit I can't I've live in fear every
day my deafness every would yep so
that's what I'm working on I don't know
if I had to take a guess I would say
rotten eggs mayonnaise and sour milk
left in a vat of acid to liquify in less
than a cabinet of more boiled eggs and
it stinks it stinks
there's your answer my butt smells like
ass when is Bridget and I getting
married I don't have an answer for you
there buddy
I don't know eventually Obama or Romney
Obama you got to choose the lesser of
the two evils
I am a liberal and I'm not going to open
a fucking Republican no matter who it is
so whoever the Democrat is I'll vote for
them so send in some more questions post
them down below and sometime next week
I'll answer some more questions so like
subscribe and all that other bullshit
and keep sending your questions
