so today is Bridget's birthday finally
it's actually her birthday today so the
little wakeup she woke up a little early
it's not that big of a deal
so anyway right now she's at her mom's
house her mom's got our cake and stuff
and I am staying here to cook her dinner
I am making her spaghetti and here's all
the stuff so far for it so we're gonna
do all we're gonna do all this from
scratch I'm gonna film it here we're
gonna start off with the sauce first for
the first base of the sauce this is
tomato puree now the UK and they call
something different I don't really know
but this is just a basic tomato sauce
not tomato paste yet tomato paste is
going to be fun like glue you want to
make a paste another can it's two cans
28 ounces each tomato puree next I'm
going to saute some garlic and a whole
onion in this pan with olive oil mmm
smell is just amazing for fresh garlic
really is I wish I can describe this
well it doesn't smell like your typical
garlic
I just want to give it a little tiny
dice so now you're chopping up a whole
onion I'm going to dice it dice up an
onion and cook it in a pan with olive
oil garlic
okay now we got the garlic and the onion
with the sauteing in the distant moment
right here in the olive oil if we are
now I was going to be making the pasta
fresh I was gonna make homemade pasta
for this but I cannot find a fucking
pasta roller anywhere so I had to get
boxed pasta but I'm going to be making
spaghetti and meatballs and all that's
from scratch
if we go back to the onion garlic
mixture stops hanging in the pan one
teaspoon of basil 1 teaspoon of kosher
salt 1/4 of a teaspoon of black pepper
one and a half tablespoons of sugar 1/4
of a cup of grated cheese add your onion
and garlic saute these are plum tomatoes
I'm going to pour into this bowl so I'm
just gonna squish up these plum tomatoes
hole and I'll pour those in okay so
here's all the ingredients and I'm going
to start mixing them together now now
this has no meat in it yet you are not
going to grind you're not going to brown
up the meat before you put it in your
put it in raw because this is going to
simmer for three hours
next we're doing our meatballs now this
is our ground beef first thing we're
going to add is to a
1/4 cup milk 1 cup breadcrumbs 2
teaspoons of oregano 1 tablespoon of
fresh parsley which is right here I got
a cut this for a second I'm going to get
this good fine and finally 1/4 cup of
Parmesan cheese and there is our mix for
the meatballs now we just mix it
together okay so I went ahead and put
the meatballs in their meatballs go in
here like this raw raw meatballs into
the sauce now for the next three hours
those things are going to cook right
there they're going to simmer inside
this plan this pot of sauce with the
other meat that's inside the sauce and
that's going to be my sauce this is the
first time I've ever made it like this
so this could be a shitty dinner for
Bridget and if so I apologize for
fucking up your birthday dinner I love
you okay so it's been about three hours
now I'm going to check on this sauce now
the meatballs cooked very nice see how
it tastes
mmm very good well let's hope Bridget
likes it some I think is horrible
hey don't look at nothing
oh come on what oh yeah you were
supposed to be at your mom
Bella were you in on this yep she gave
me the recipe
lazy wasn't your idea
yeah no part of it you wanted me to feed
you pine-sol I told her lays it I could
kill her and he says he knows and he
told me to feed you pints all inside the
spaghetti sauce so that's how did he get
because I'm not that kind of person I
don't feed people pints off please II
this is pretty
you gotta see bow then my heart it must
be true he's singing grease he's my
birthday cupcake I got chills they're
multiplying my Djimon birthday cupcakes
and I'm losing control
I didn't you ain't my birthday cupcakes
too birthday cupcakes my birthday
cupcakes me ate them I mean a birthday
come out me well then we take
everybody's birthday I got a do birthday
dishes all the dishes I'm a housing
birthday sleep I was a birthday sex
ahh everything is birthday today this
morning when I woke up I had birthday
coffee Oh exactly was birthday about it
I don't know I just it's my birthday
today so everything is his birthday
nice nice fresh salad I want eggs with
that I know that Bridger I know you like
eggs in your salad boiled eggs I know
how to do it just crumbled boiled eggs
hey hey hey hey don't swap tomatoes how
do you know what
don't shoot me the recipe she told me
she loves Tomatoes okay
damn Bella why don't you ever talk about
around me I'm going to have her plate in
a minute hey Bridget Bridget is your
birthday god bless you this day I wish
you the wishes of a happy birthday and
I'm proud of you this day your net
prejudicial birthday happy birthday
Bridget better
Bridget is your birthday want you to do
more I got chills they're multiplying
and I
losing control of that bell oh shut up
shut up right oh my god
first we're gonna lay a little 4av over
that it's not gravy that's really call
it with you tomato sauce - we've all
searched off with oh my god that looks
so freakin good
it's like all homemade so it's like
really cool yes I am hey watch me make
it so we became me pause shaky
