what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here and I wanted to tell you a
story about the time and good grandpa
watch Jurassic Park this was a long time
ago it was like 93 or 94 that you just
came out on VHS it was like 94 and 95 or
some shit we invited like a family that
went to church with us
they were the cinnamons his name was
cliff cinnamon they had Brian cinnamon
Kevin cinnamon I think the dude sold
like vacuum cleaners or some shit for a
living and so he was another sort of
heavyset fat guy like my dad had a big
ol round face and we're watching
Jurassic Park it's night time and every
time something would happen in the movie
cliff would just jump back and he had
his feet propped up on a coffee table
and he kept grinding his feet into it
like this oh and I looked over a dad and
every time he does it dad go he sees it
dad's getting pissed off and this move
is going on and it's got a little bit
more to go and this fucking cliff is
destroying our fucking table and I can
see it any second now
dad is about to blow and then suddenly
it's a fucking knock at the door dad any
time there's a knock at the door
dad source reaction booth so mom goes
and looks out the window
it's tan healthy Dan healthy was the
pastor to our church and we learned from
like another church that's around this
area called tried and Baptist Church
that you're not supposed to watch movies
and you're not supposed to wear jeans if
you're a woman and you got to pay all
your money and so dad freaks out oh shit
I could help you can't no we want you to
movie and so everyone starts flipping
out and dad's fucking rushing over to
the VCR and pulls out Jurassic Park and
cliff cinnamon sits up in the seat
trying to look all proper and shit dad
throws Jurassic Park behind the couch
and the motor fuck really good damn
fucking door opens up and he'll be comes
walking in
what's going on you guys how are you
doing and it's like dead silence - like
we're gonna know I'm going on tonight
sir are you doing pass the lb and he's
well I'm just dropping by see how
everybody's doing around that time my
brother Charles goes I want to finish
watching Jurassic Park and healthy goes
oh so you guys are just watching some
movies huh having a good little Friday
and it couldn't be any more obvious that
we are watching Jurassic Park the
goddamn television is stuck on the blue
VCR screen I think I'm on the floor
playing with the Jurassic Park box Dan
he'll be looking around he knows what
the fuck's going on and dad just looks
at him
we don't messin with shit like that
he'll but you know that we good
Christians and fuckin hell he loses his
shit right there he'll be just goes hey
what's wrong with me huh I like to watch
movies too I like to have fun what about
me and we're all just well I was and I
don't know the fuck was going on but
dad's going and we look over cliff
cinnamon dan hell he's just standing
there looking fucking dumbstruck I like
to have I like to watch movies too and
he just walks the fuck out the door
slams it behind him oh god room - shows
up to church Sunday I wasn't fucking
done it I would not have shown up we
show up to church and fucking Dan helvey
walks in in front of everybody just goes
up to the podium
well I've decided to leave everybody I'm
leaving any leaves fucker walked out the
door and left and never came back so
mister he'll be if you see this what you
probably won't
we were watching Jurassic Park because
we watch movies because we like to have
fun - do you remember the time that you
we want we all watched Jurassic Park
like cliff cinnamon had come over and
shit
I got you on video say something about
it you know I was questioned to do
blond-headed oh my god gasps oh god you
wish it you're like gosh you put your
shoes your fucking shit home
tell us say about when uh when Dan hell
he came over can we interpreter yes oh
my god
we would run little fastest and you
didn't watch TV like that so when he
come over I grabbed the gun and Louie
and his that motherfucker he was like do
you want sad movie shows how I outsource
movies this we also man and goddamn kids
think about houses they were hot but now
they go home he says cleaning shit
motherfuckers
