QB on camera here it is one o'clock in
the afternoon the day following
Bridget's little 3:00 a.m. wake-up
you've seen the footage how do you think
hey Bella
how is out kind of mean and I feel
really bad but I feel bad
yeah Michael you know you know that I'm
a bitch when I wake up Michael knows all
we wanted to do is thing you have
birthday and give you a cake and I feel
bad
made you a frozen pizza I really do feel
bad
Bella momma's mean hey look that just
gave lazy vests okay calm down girl
well Bridget feels bad I do I just got a
text message you should feel bad you
mistreated us both you know you got to
kind of deserved it but I know we did
things I said we're a little bit mean
and I I feel bad about saying those
things but you just feel bad for Nexus -
because you were doing and so is your
dad I have school I have to study like
crazy
I need my motherfucking sleep oh so now
you be mean again all of a sudden the
bitch is back out no I'm just saying I
feel bad for saying something so much
for feeling bad cuz now she's doing the
same thing twice
I'm sorry cruel though I'm just saying
it was fucked up I don't appreciate it
she doesn't push me I mean she does it
she doesn't appreciate it birthday like
I swear you did it just to piss me off I
swear to god no I want your dad did it I
wanted to get we wanted to give you a
cake oh no no yeah we knew turtle ice
cream cake was your favorite it's not my
favorite though turtle ice cream is your
favorite
that was your favorite no yes it is
you love turtle ice cream cake no I
don't in fact it didn't even taste that
cook I don't know you let go I want to
apologize to Bridget on camera Bridget
I'm sorry that we wanted to love you and
get you a cake for your birthday not
like me so I'm sorry well that you just
did it to be an asset I publicly
apologized to Bridget for caring about
her and getting her a cake for her
birthday
I'm sorry Bridget Hey I'm gonna cut it
it's my birthday ask your party and
you'll cry if you want to Jesus Christ
all right give me this thing
what the hell is like a freaking mud
drag my god oh my god you remember how I
used to cut pizza with butter knives how
crappy I love here the love of God dude
you're like that Kevin James stand out
we go crazy with the wheel there now
this is the frozen pizza that I like
Jack's original pepperoni she's horrible
subscribe
no don't subscribe says she's not
appreciative of anything fine I
appreciate things when I'm fully don't
subscribe to her
