so the other day on my sister's channel
which you can see below by the way
there's the video she told a story about
a time on her birthday when she got a
swimming pool a little kids swimming
pool Bridget told me not to film her why
what so what so I look stupid you look
stupid in shorts I'm in shorts so I look
stupid so okay go ahead so the other day
hey what Michael you really don't want
me to film this anyway back to the story
so my sister it's not my mess any mine I
guess it is a good thing
look at all the shit by the time hey I
think you should make another boyfriend
teaching video you that'll show me what
is going on with this dog why is she in
the cage right now yeah
do please go hey oh do you like not weed
and for what the hell belt right l blog
here so anyway this dog has gone wild
I'm in a Bella come on Vick girl I love
you shall I tell my story Jesus cry
hey I'm gonna film like this we can see
her
so anyway Oh where'd you go
I was counting you I needed a supporting
gasp hey she won't be a star you go okay
so the other day my sister told a story
where she got a swimming pool for her
birthday she was spraying me with the
hose because she didn't want me to get
in the swimming pool with dirty feet and
I didn't want to be sprayed something
that stayed with me to this day
good God
Michael order to my boys I'm so proud of
you here Lou this house it's filthy
thanks to you oh these are all your
drinks I'm sorry I mean yeah why I'm
gonna give you a broom sorry what for
the hand it to you what did you throw
what did you throw god you're just like
your father
take bailout with you no there's bleach
everywhere that's why you put in a cage
so she was spraying me with the hose and
I didn't like it I was saying does
Blamey
kim I don't wanna be splayed and she
kept from shoes she was doing it because
she enjoyed it
a spray and me and if you look and look
at me you can tell I don't like to bathe
I don't like water on my skin
so anyway she spraying me with the hose
and then I go fine and I take off
running I take off running a bell I
promise I wasn't trying to cause chaos I
promise you were good hey we're good
we're okay
sometimes she thinks that we're trying
to attack her hunter when we we move
around in the house so I walked into the
house and I was like oh fuck am and
that's when I looked down and I saw a
trail of blood behind me was like a it
was like smears of blood all over the
kitchen floor and so I did you know I
did one of these to look at the bottom
of my foot and blood was squirting just
squirting out of my foot so the first
thing I did was I called anger grandpa
and I go dad can you bring home offended
like a band-aid is gonna fix this
fucking cut so I'm laying at this point
I am now laying on the front porch
wrapped up in a sleeping bag that I got
for my birthday I feel like I'm waiting
to be airlifted I'm laying out on the
porch wrapped in a sleeping bag and I
feel like I'm fucking dying by the time
my mom gets here she looks at my foot
any more than any band-aid and they put
me in the car now I remember I was going
in and out of consciousness I remember
passing out and waking up passing out
waking up this is about an hour after I
cut my foot they finally get home I'm
bleeding to death my foot was spraying
blood and I'm losing consciousness in
the car when I finally get to the
hospital they take me to the back
immediately and they gave me like 45
stitches in my foot now you think that
would fix it it did my foot was fucked
now for the next six months it was a
hassle of stitches busted open it was a
hassle of oh my foots bleeding six
months
I had these stitches in my foot and they
always burst it open
they were fucking you know it always
happened on a Sunday it seemed like a
week after I got the stitches they bust
open and they always sprayed blood now
this has been going on for six months my
foot I can't walk for six months by the
way this is around the time I got really
fat and that's the truth because I was
sitting on my ass and all I would do was
eat all the fucking time just sitting on
my fat ass and I was eating and eating
and eating and eating all day that's it
I couldn't fucking walk I had to walk
around with fucking crutches because I
had fucking stitches in my foot for six
months so they finally give me some
butterfly stitches and they say I think
you're fine mr. green and I was fucking
happy I was a college fucking over with
thank God and I was trying to walk again
do you realize how hard it is to learn
how to walk when you have a walker on
your foot for six months it was it felt
like my foot was broken it was really
bad off but I had to learn again so I
was learning how to walk again and I
remember out it was about three weeks
later this time three weeks had gone by
my foot was fine so I figured I'm good
so we were playing in my bedroom we're
wrestling I think and I was wearing
these like Big Bear slippers I remember
they were big blind claws or something
and I stomp down on like the air vent
and then I stopped and I was like I know
what blood feels like and we pulled it
off and it was spraying blood in two
different directions it was spraying and
I was like god damn it I haven't beaten
it so they take me to the hospital
and they give me more fucking stitches
they give me the stitches again oh this
time should fix it this time that they
this will fix it and I remember waking
up but about a week later and mom looked
at the bottom of my foot and the entire
bottom of my foot was covered in this
black gunk it was the entire foot it was
like it was almost like gangrene or
something but it wasn't it was blood
that leaked under the skin so that
to the doctor immediately they took me
to a debt they took me to a specialist
this time and the specialist took one
look at my foot and he goes you know
what you don't need stitches you cut an
artery I kind of fucking artery in my
foot and they were supposed to stitch
that up or something shit whatever the
fuck they were supposed to do they
didn't do now this will go down as the
most painful experience of my life no
anesthesia no medication no nothing the
doctor takes a scalpel and just starts
cutting the bottom of my foot open no
nothing I was feeling every ounce of
this and he was cutting the bottom of my
foot and he dug a hole you could my fist
now not my fist now but you could fit my
little fist at the time in the hole it
was a big fucking hole for the bottom of
my foot and you can see all the way into
the foot it was a big-ass goddamn hole
and this fucking shit I'm sure I don't
have to tell you it was painful I didn't
have any kind of medication I was
fucking screaming it was horrible really
bad pain I just remember man the second
I wasn't even warned he pulls out this
scalpel and I'm waiting for the damn
needle for something so I don't feel it
he goes okay cut and I remember my mom
they had to hold me down and shit
fucking digging open a fucking scalpel
just digging into the bottom of my foot
until there's a hole so he was digging
me and blood and gunk and fuck it was
horrible
every day for two weeks I had to take
the gauze off of my foot and soak it now
getting the Gazza off my foot every day
was already a challenge because it would
stick to inside the hole a mom had to
rip it out and it would bleed and it was
painful and I had to soak my foot every
day so we are now looking at about eight
months of my foot being horribly cut
open eight months that I don't know it
was eight months now it was during this
eight months that I grew close to dad
and we would get in maybe that's why I
don't smoke maybe that's why I don't
drink and all that shit I don't know
maybe it was good that happened
me but whatever the case it was a
horrible experience now cutting the hole
in my foot and whatever he did to the
Audrey maybe dug it out I don't know I
don't know what the point of what he did
was whatever did fix it now all I have
to remember I buy as a scar at the
bottom of my foot now I'm gonna see if
it still there actually seek the scar
does even shows up on camera I really
don't know you can barely see it here
doesn't really show up now but the hole
was here that's where the hole in my
foot wasn't it was deep it was probably
like up to here it was it was bad dude
it was a bad cut horrible experience and
sometimes when I feel warmness at the
bottom of my foot I was worried like
thought could happen again yeah I can't
escape it
it's frightened me frightened anyway
that's that that's my story I wanted to
tell more of the story that she started
now remember you could subscribe to her
below
it's her channel she's got some old
anger grandpa video she's gonna have
some news stories up I think she's doing
tomorrow oh yeah here's something I do
remember the first night that my foot
cut open and I came home and stitches
and half dead the first thing dad said
to me when I walked to the door god damn
him forget blood every goddamn where and
then he slammed his door
let's think
oh you cleaned I did hey you were able
to clean without a video camera telling
me how look good yeah it looks very good
good job
subscribe to Bridget west now I'll have
to do this again tomorrow
good job if this is Snell though if this
was the Brady Bunch intro he'd be in the
center Alice
