oh no I left that light up there
what's going on you guys kept me out a
camera here is here right there and
today is Sunday Monday magic day is
Monday and before we do anything else if
you haven't seen it we uploaded our very
first video on our reaction channel
consider it our channel trailer guys if
you haven't seen it check it out the
link is below I hope you enjoy it we're
gonna start reacting guys if you're
seeing this intro because we've done one
of these everyday now if you're seeing
this intro today's the day today's the
day we are getting the pagoda Oh guys
every day this week we've been upload
we've been doing an intro saying they
were eating pagoda and we had to remove
it because we didn't eat pagoda because
they keep selling out of food so if
you're seeing this we got pagoda folks
from excited I'm really excited to I
love their chicken wings guys pagoda the
best time I can't keep doing this right
what are you we're moving on from the
ghost stuff today see something what is
he working at why is he doing into the
intro I'm not going to address any more
this you guys the dogs been doing this
for like days it's scary
into the intro I'm pretty sure today
we're done with the ghost stuff
seriously it's too much oh you really
don't the ghost stuff yeah I think okay
are you done yeah I mean it's it's just
better to ignore I suppose for the past
two weeks you guys we've been going
through something this started when we
heard our attic closed and then I guess
it opened again anybody
it started with that then the dogs
wouldn't freaking out like you just
solve a Clyde you know he looked like
you saw something am I wrong no yeah it
would really look like he saw something
the dogs been freaking out we did the
ghost hunt yesterday I'm afraid that if
we keep talking about it and keep like
bringing it up it's just gonna get
bigger and bigger and scarier and I just
I don't want to get to that point so for
the sanity of ourselves we need to buy
sage we can't do that until we found the
Ouija board and if we can't find the
Ouija board there's no point of
discussing sage okay so let's just
forget it existed maybe if we forget
it'll go away maybe that would be great
cuz it seems like every time we think
about it it just starts getting rampant
and I don't want to do that anymore
maybe there's like candles I can burn
that they won't like like maybe ghosts
don't like pumpkins
quit saying BAE and ghosts because that
is talking about them and now they're
like oh I'm gonna stick around for a
while uh you acknowledge their existence
and they know that you know they're
there
you circumvent or like circle around you
and I don't want to be plagued by ghosts
okay so guys this is my official I don't
say official because if some pops up I'm
filming it guys I'm gonna try really
hard not if I'm the ghost stuff anymore
this is it goodbye ghosts the first step
and moving one from all this ghost stuff
and trying to forget is hanging out with
some fans guys you're about to be too
young and who came from Tampa okay
he used his birthday money not brought
their money his school money he got
straight A's in school and he used his
money to come here to see us so we're
put him in of life yeah this is crazy
that's incredible seriously first of all
when you see it later dude that makes us
feel good I really appreciate it man
usually it's not cool for people to stop
by but you came from Tampa dude we're
getting you ready to record us yeah
let's do this take the camera follow me
bogging up a little bit hold on this is
the deal with South Carolina we're gonna
do an intro real quick alright what's
going on you guys get me on a camera
here you guys here right there and today
is Tuesday and today we're going over to
grandpa's it's not Tuesday is it no it's
Sunday also you should say your name and
we're gonna go through everybody's name
and then we'll say it's Sunday Sunday
right what's going on you guys get me on
a camera here you guys here right there
and today my name is Ashton Carly baby
baby baby is it really really amazing
Wow like you were definitely getting
head up on Facebook cuz you're gonna be
the only baby on Facebook I didn't know
it was a real name that is an
interesting man guys we are with baby Z
Ashton and Missy and today is Sunday and
today we're going over to Grandpa oh
great it's raining so exactly what I
wanted to deal with right now and
fogging up that family just left it was
really really nice to meet you guys you
were really cool you were really
tight-knit yeah really nice family it
was awesome to meet you guys was a
pleasure you know I can't believe you
drove we took a train from Tampa to
South Carolina strictly to meet us is
its awe-inspiring I you know it's
humbling that you guys would be willing
to spend the money to travel to South
Carolina strictly for that reason you
know usually we you know we don't like
it when people show up at the house you
know it's it's not that we don't want to
meet you guys
you know obviously you know we love you
guys you've helped provide so much for
our family it's just sometimes it's
scary when somebody you don't know shows
up at your house it's why we had to hire
you know private security because you
know somebody walked into that back door
one day I'm just like Oh
um and we were like oh they're walking
into the house now you know it's why we
installed these cameras even though they
don't work these haven't worked since we
installed them like a week after it
sucks because you have really nice
people that want to meet you
mixed in with people that maybe aren't
so nice and it's hard to differentiate
who those people are but we do love
meeting you guys you know I can't
believe you came from Tampa you guys
were awesome you know I told them next
time they come down to let me know ahead
of time and we can go out to Lake halls
Chop House or something but guys that's
not the reason I want to do this scene I
don't want to talk about you know that I
want to talk about pagoda pagoda and the
reason I'm talking about pagoda is
because we're not having them again
tonight even though in the intro I said
that we were every day this week we have
been doing a pagoda intro where I'm like
today we eat pagoda and we didn't eat
pagoda and I had to take out the intro
and I have to keep it in today's vlog
because of what happened with Clyde you
sort of freaking out over nothing
getting scared and now I have to keep it
so now I've got to explain to you what
pagoda it is so if you don't remember
about a month ago we were driving down
the street and I sort of freaking out
because pagoda was coming back and I
couldn't believe it and the reason I
couldn't believe it is because that was
the best Chinese food I had ever had
that closed in 2014 they just
disappeared best Chinese food I ever had
and they left because they were building
up the shopping center they were in and
they couldn't afford the rent anymore
so they were gone and I've been trying
to find the owners so I can ask them to
make me some of their chicken things
like seriously I wanted to bring them to
our home to make chicken wings for us
and and they left and then back in July
they announced they were coming back and
we didn't notice it until about you know
a month ago
and ever since then ever waiting for
them to open and they opened a week ago
in every single night they have run out
of food it's so popular that every night
there's no food to be had I call the
phone rings and it rings and her rings
then they answer and they say yeah I
love food they posted signs on their
door no
food they've told you they run out of
chicken rice everything and tonight is
no different and I'm this close to
snapping over food and I don't want to
do that okay I'm trying to dye it anyway
it's another day I'll diet but I want to
put goat I just want to try them because
they've been gone for so long and now
they've run out of food again I swear to
God if they don't have food tomorrow
tomorrow's video is called the Chinese
food freak out because I'm tired of
waiting like I know I'm gonna snap and
I'm embarrassing myself right now am I
talking about food for seriously pagoda
get more chicken Mikey hungry let's go
inside let's finish this vlog calm down
I just want to explain why I said I was
going to pagoda and we're not going to
pagoda because once again they've run
out of food
good for them business is booming I want
some chicken this is what I get for
wearing Harry Potter pants in the rain
I've got to take them up now alright
thanks a lot mother nature the vlog for
yesterday just went up you guys and as
expected a lot of people are sending
stuff that maybe we didn't catch the
first time and there are three things
that I want to point out that I kind of
have to point out like I said this is
the last vlog that we're gonna be
talking about the go stuff hopefully so
I want to go ahead and get it all out of
there so I'm gonna talk about it
tomorrow so the first thing is the word
attic that we missed twice when we were
doing the radio box in the Attic this
one I can't explain I don't know guys
the word attic pops up twice check this
out
are you dead or alive
are you in the Attic are you in the
Attic I can't explain that okay like you
know if you don't know what that ghost
box is it's just cycling through radio
frequencies and it could be something it
probably isn't something but what is
weird is when it gives you direct
replies right when I say attic and then
it says attic that stuff weirds me out
now this one people pointed out when I
was outside talking this one scares me I
was outside talking afterwards then I
told every to point out they hear
anything else and they heard something
else while I was outside check this out
this is what I'm talking about just
building a building a building and
getting worse what was I think of
dabbling in any of this what was that
figure dabbling in any of this
what was that think you dabbling in any
of this no I can't tell if it's a Bella
it sounds like Bella it could be
something else it would explain why the
next scene Bella would not walk up the
stairs so I don't know man this is all
becoming too much it's too much to deal
with it's too much to like think on it's
like scaring me so I'm ready to move on
one so that's it we're gonna be doing
the outro in just a second in a few
hours I am gonna go back up there one
more time but for now I just want to
chill now stop vlogging for a few
minutes so I can clear my head guys
thank you for sending us all this stuff
I'm ready to move on from it now I don't
know we're gonna be doing the outro in
just a second you guys but before we do
I wanted to take one final trip to the
attic I don't know if like
I don't know I don't want to do it but I
feel like I have to do it and if you're
wondering what that was
tell us from the Crypt okay I don't
people like there's flashes throughout
the blog it's that so guys I'm gonna
walk up there I'm gonna see what's going
on one last time because like I said
earlier that stuff I did in here it's
scary and I gotta stop feeding into it
so guys let's go up to that attic I just
wanted to take a minute you guys to you
know say thanks to everybody who like oh
great wrong there we go
everybody who like sent us stuff that
you know the stuff that I talked about
earlier like you know the Attic stuff
and Mike I just wanted to say thanks
because this is pretty much it when it
comes to the good stuff this was the
last blog we were going to be talking
about it and we were talking about it
too much as it is and I figured why not
you know make my way up there one more
time so this is pretty much it you guys
scary I just hope that there is anything
up here they leave so last trip to the
Attic you guys last time we come to do
this figure we're talking about it in
the blog might as well finish it out
there was a lot of activity over here
thoughts on shadow there's a lot of
activity so if there's anybody here go
cuz I can't help you
we can't
so Bridget was that you what's going on
dogs Bridget was that you or you outside
still oh no I left that light on up
there No
okay okay goodbye oh hell no hell no
okay boy house okay so busy I know it
there's a little time on you talk about
it
you feed it ain't feeding you know more
you gonna starve to death to leave my
house ultra well that's gonna be afraid
of you guys thanks for watching uh it
was a bunch of knocks just now what I
went upstairs those knocks are you
serious yes I'm scared now you can't go
to bed I don't believe you let's review
some footage oh so I'm a liar Am I is
that what I am guys I don't know what it
is I'm done okay we have to stop I said
we're feeding into it too much don't cry
are you doing it I was really loud okay
yeah I'm sorry luck we're over with it
okay the more we talk about it the more
it's gonna happen the scarier it's gonna
be we have to stop now it's over this is
it guys I hope you enjoyed the journey
but we are moving on
tomorrow is absolutely a ghost free vlog
I'm ready to move past this I'm done
with it me too
buy it but what we're done you tell us
that probably Felix
I don't know Bella was it you Oh quiet
he is chilling oh that's gonna be a
pretty day you guys thanks for watching
it is what it is like subscribe favorite
following everything to us and tomorrow
is a ghost free-balling
you
