what's going on you guys Kip be on a
camera here and I just gotta say that US
airwaves really fucking sucks
so my flight was supposed to be for one
o'clock this afternoon
so I get there around noon and it's
delayed until about 3:00 so I wait three
comes it's too late until about five
five comes it's too late until about six
hey we get on it six six o'clock my
flight leaves so finally I'm gonna get
home we land in DC I had to scramble
because I have to take a shuttle to my
next gate I'm in DC my flight leaves in
30 minutes I get to it
about 15 minutes before I'm supposed to
and it's canceled because they can't
find a pilot so I had to go to the
ticketing office and booked another
ticket and now I leave tomorrow
so now courtesy of u.s. airwaves I have
a hotel room let's show it let's just
get a grand view of the hotel room
they've given me and they had to give
this to all the people who are on my
flight so I'm hoping US Airways has lost
a lot of money and I don't have a view
my here's my view building that's that's
quite the view for DC building anyway so
that was my day I got to Syracuse
Airport around noon I left at about 6:00
I got here about 7:30 and it was
canceled now I'm here overnight so but
hey the hotel rooms nice I enjoy it so
thanks US Airways I hope you lost a lot
of money from all your people I wish I
was there with Bridget she's all upset
now
beep boy can hear them gonna hear me I
went to talk so loud and I know that you
know me I'm captain masturbate quietly
tonight so that's it that's my
nightmarish story from now
like/subscribe do all that shit I'm
gonna take a shower now this was my best
lead good tonight we'll see
