so it is about 5:00 in the morning and I
am getting ready to go to the airport my
flight leaves at 7:30 it's 548 this is
Bridget checking something from the
computer whole week she's gonna be doing
whatever that she does and that's all I
got right now so here we are at the
airport I'm gonna cry I know it oh
please
well I am on my way to get my shit
checked up for this fog around this
we're we're taking the elevator on one
floor I don't know that's it if not
we'll get back on funding the elevator I
don't want to wall I like I like these
elevators they're pretty
yes too
I'm on one I have to remember that is
there a lower one
no well you're free to get out here I
was joking around survived
yeah we would I got had to get up at
5:30 and I was asleep about three so
that's gonna be a fun plane right I
can't sleep on those things people do
but I can't do it so I'm leaving now I'm
on my way to concourse B 4 B 1 my shorts
are pulling down right now people happy
to see my ass actually I'm pulling them
up cuz Harvard this book back well I'm
gonna say goodbye on camera here love
you so next time I'll I'll be on the
plane again
we would like to welcome you to our
nation's capital Washington DC nor the
local time it hurts me 8:55 will be
tapped in for few minutes please remain
in your seat
you see for 30,000 and all carry-on
items
as we taxi onto the gate feel free to
use your cell phones or the port
electronic devices must remain on until
the inverted the gate and the captain
has turned off the fasten seatbelt sign
before even I straighten up all your
personal belongings use caution when
opening all their business I guess we
have 60 but those of you that are
connected to others have explained all
that is trip at the ticket now worth buy
us a rates purse our representative will
be transferred for you so I am here and
landed in DC and actually I'm gonna get
obvious because people are looking
I'll turn this are all in the plan
so my sister doesn't want me to show her
daughter okay my wish obviously I agree
with that I'm not gonna have to show her
when I meet her but I will in a minute
people are looking at me like I'm a
fucking idiot recording in the airport
like this how much what's going on you
guys
Kibby on a camera I am now in New York
and I've actually been in New York for
how many days three days is day three I
didn't get a chance to edit my blog at
all Wednesday well I've been here for a
few days now I've avoided my video which
I'm which is actually going to be
attached to this you've already seen the
other stuff I filmed so I'm here and I'm
gonna go over the things that I've eaten
day one
Zeb's where I got the biggest burger
that they serve day one also ate twice
day one also avec all these pizza we got
a large cheese pizza day - what do we
day two
I've eaten so much that it's a blur so
it's a big blur of eating I'm sure I'm
not gonna know the days that I ate the
things I'm just gonna say what I've
eaten the zabis cheeseburger Jeb's
cheeseburger Abaco Lee's pizza taste of
Philly which is downtown Syracuse also a
wagon I ate two subs on Thursday one of
them's like the biggest ever in a
Wegmans up and if you don't know what
Wegmans is I'm gonna show you a couple
pictures welcome to the party but it's
hardly that this proper cardis okay yeah
it's just a life choice that I made I
don't say shit that's wetlands Wegmans
is way better than anything we have in
the south do you turn to yourself and
see well I look like a boy get your hair
to Hunter's Elvis my hair is all crazy
this is my sister cam by the way okay so
tell us what tell me what we've eaten
okay Wednesday we picked him up from the
airport and we went to Zeb's I'm turning
this that you don't look in the
viewfinder
zebb at subs we had he had the
cheeseburger which was a 12 ounce
cheeseburger
I told with onion rings on top and
french fries with gravy on the side that
night we ended up ordering a large
cheese pizza from ABBA Coley's Thursday
I wasn't working he and Kyle went to a
taste of Philadelphia which makes the
best cheesesteaks on James Street
you're welcome Nancy if you're in
Syracuse go to James Street eat this
because it was the greatest Philly
cheese I've not had a Philly I have now
determined that I've never tasted Philly
cheesesteak until this day so when I got
out of work I brought him a Wegmans sub
which I had to it was called the triple
ham jam it's got ham hot ham bacon and
it's on everything
with white American cheese what was the
length of that roll
it's called it's a 14-inch Scion if you
can see this 14 inch but yeah so super
fucking good huge lots of meat amazing
anyways then Friday
I worked again and then he went to my
in-laws they had marks pizzeria pizza
and then when I got home from work we
had Chinese food that's I ordered
massive Chinese food we about $50 with
the Chinese food and then today same
thing I worked which is my last day
while he's here working and then we went
to hide I got a Frank
Michael got it's called the double
double dog or something like that it's a
Frank and a Coney and one bun he also
got French twice the Cooper gravy Oh
Kyle got the Coney with oh yeah and you
got a Frank did I say that yeah it's
kind of funny there right there they are
1 1 plane hot dog house got one plane
Coney that I remember like two hot dogs
on one bun one hot dog on the other but
I'm eating gravy fries and they're just
looking and I finished before them I
finished both of my hot dogs before they
finished their one and all the while and
then oh yeah and then Kyle got the
nachos soup and we both had sodas
and then who knows from there we still
got plenty i've got days
now in the meantime i'm going to show
you something else that I've gotten that
we don't have in Charleston I bought two
half gallons of this it's called burn
dairy it's there they serving these
glass jars and it's the greatest
chocolate milk I've ever tasted
by the way I won't do that again Lou
yeah there that's all gangsta death he
chews off the top and he spits it on his
shoulder also while I was here my little
niece broke my glasses now I'm like one
of those nerds in school with like the
tape down the middle
I my glasses are just a little so I'm a
little screwed up but this taping
band-aid combination provided by my
sister here it's perfect now tomorrow
we're we eating some tomorrow Dominic's
we're going to an authentic Italian
restaurant
Oh Dominic's yeah authentic Italian
amazing food they've got the brick oven
so the pizza is awesome
and I'm really sorry about the glasses
yes that's been my eating habits here I
came here I weigh 273 pounds I probably
weighed 298 right now but time I get
back I'll probably be way past a three
he's but I don't care I'm gonna gain
massive amounts of weight so that's it
for now like subscribe her kid is asleep
right now so I'm gonna shut the fuck up
I'm gonna turn this off tomorrow she
does actually doesn't know about this
yet but she will right now we're going
to do another video of growing up
grandpa where we tell stories about what
it was like Ronald dad does she live
some of this shit too she lived it and
by the way there's a picture of all of
us as kids then I'm not going to show me
here's all of us that's me and that's
her note the jaw whether you were
chewing tobacco so she she had this like
abscess tooth this is the kind of idiot
momma's would you notice your kid would
you raise your kid if their face looks
like that like we're all normals of that
like oh I'm happy to be in this picture
like it subscribe and look at this
picture as I we fade out on her face
take a picture I'm ready to go home now
I hurt you
