what's going on you guys by the way you
can see my lip our dog Bella bit me last
night
the bitch anyways I am on a diet I want
to start that off first of all I've been
back on my diet and I've actually lost
about 16 pounds and I'm about to fuck it
up I'm about to fuck up my diet royally
what do you think weird it I don't think
it's worth it
I am fucking up my diet because right
now I am on my way to Walmart to buy the
shit so angry grandpa can fry Snickers
milky way's Twinkies and Oreos so stay
tuned as I balloon back to 280 whatever
the fuck pounds and I'm just gonna be
the great big fat ass eat you always
memory I'm still bad I'm still the great
big fat ass but I'm gonna detour my diet
now because I have to eat this I have to
eat it it's gonna be a bacon-wrapped
snicker fried it's gonna one of these my
bacon wrap the Twinkie I don't know it's
not worth it Michael it's not what yeah
it is worth it it's gonna be so fucking
good I can't wait stay tuned
so we're at Walmart right now to get the
shit to make the fries Snickers and
Milky Way's and Twinkies and all that
bullshit remake version and it's worth
it you can eat some of it say - okay so
we got the stuff
pre-cooked bacon
candy bars Twinkies and oil so that is
what we're making our fried candy bars
with and that's how I'm going to gained
all this weight visit it's working
are you hungry okay so here I am filming
grandpa now okay it's on my phone I
think I'll be a video for a phone is it
my channel for me I've important this is
Walmart damn below them candy bars in
that bitch and I know I think you like
to risk it here don't you Oh snicker a
Milky Way musketeer who's this
Oh extra so we are letting grandpa's
fried candy cool he just finished frying
it I tried one and it burned the fuck
out of my mouth so I'm gonna let it cool
down so grandpa they're gonna get you
and I there these if somebody else what
somebody other on when I got him sick
you need three guy named candy bars well
he was for that matter and I swear to
God
anyway this is a fried Twinkie grip on
knock get out the fucking Park hello
wait that I lost this week fifteen
pounds was past couple weeks welcome
back to my body come here wait I missed
you coming back
hey good shot I guess I can Donna
goddamn don't judge me
