so we are now on day two of grandpa's
trailer search car - we just left the
Social Security Administration that I
got him no hunter bird that was crazy
Jesus Christ it was a glitch in the
computer there was a thousand people in
there and they were moving nearly oh my
god we got the same thoughts no males
there's a great minds think alike
yeah but mama is great you're they know
as yes so here I country you're retarded
I'm sorry you're a flapper well I don't
know what else to say I'm exhausted
tired up until you own trouble we filled
out the application
we found Hampel place fingers crossed
that it gets it but then any furniture
now he needs furniture what about the
shit in your house
hey you dig that jug over there that's
right we're living well okay really has
a brand new trailer man looking
beautiful beautiful what leave me let me
lay a mouse or something peanut
so the story I'm gonna tell that is my
nephew Jacob by the way right there
you lyin that's a lie that's not Jacob
no your story's a lot this has nothing
to do with you I'm so distorted a lie
this is against me it's true
there's at the we're at the fair one
year god I went out what I was do you
remember about eleven twelve yeah you
pull the damn fly rod
yes ja man so I don't know if I told the
story before but if I did you'll hear it
again so he turned out with me so I was
at the fair one year and we decided to
get on the sky lifts the shit that goes
over the entire fair and so I'm getting
one that more one of my friends named
Steven kara Lee so look him up on
Facebook and thank him for me so me and
Steven we're on the sky lifts and we're
looking at people whenever they better
not beat us what then my penis you spit
in I wash them out damn man God so
anyway we're spitting over the sky
lifted over the people below us don't
need no dramas Asian what do you mean
I'll do it again I think I don't think
it came out right I better do it again
oh yeah okay so there's people below us
and I see my little spit and I see his
spam and then we're looking and as we're
passing by we look down and there's a
cop
following us with his finger as we going
down he's following us and I look at
Steven and I go Steven nobody spit okay
truck stick with me I'll stick with you
nobody spit and the sky lift finally
gets to the end and we get down and the
police comes up to us and they go oh
well somebody in this card spitting and
the first thing that Steven says who was
first thing I was thinking was
you've gotta be kidding me so I ended up
going to fair jail where they take you
and put you into this like stone room
and take your picture you're not allowed
to have fun at the fair anymore this
year
Stephen was around us like police badge
and they took it off of him you don't
deserve to wear the and so there we are
I'm waiting for dad and I don't think
that will be so pissed off but dad comes
against me dad thought it was somebody
else he thought it was my brother in
trouble
so dad gets up surprise to him it's me
and he goes get a basket back right in
front of all the police I also like that
you do you sounded just like that he did
Nagar get to her turns out it was just a
show for the police officers because he
didn't even shit at all day goes on we
get home and I'm gonna tear that ass up
you got my word officer the second we
walk out of there I'm back apologize to
Daddy go with your fat ass one to eat
finish it oh shit we'll die
miRNA shit and I go and I go what can I
have I there would fuck that Apple deep
he was a dog and pony show Burt Foley's
not funny
yeah my thing with your fat ass bull so
we're going kart in the car another
thing I can have whatever I want I think
that must have got an income tax check
or something but the fair was in October
so he did I don't know what you got but
you had some money we win as a matter of
fact I think dad saves up every year for
the fair because we stopped by one card
I got me a corn dog stop every time dad
was able to get something I was getting
something so every stand dad would stop
it give me the thoughts of dog we onions
and fried mushrooms and I go get me a
cheeseburger with french fries next one
Lord you give me a bloomin onion give me
a corn dog when to the next one give me
a sweet tea and fight for pizza give me
a slice of pizza and an elephant ear and
so I went home and I fat asked it what's
funny about that part
I'll get was funny here and as an
elephant here that's a food yes it is
it's like a piece of fried dough with
sugar over it yes it is so I got an
elephant here let me rephrase it for
these kids
I got a fried donut with powdered sugar
on it
babies hell no why would I put baby
powder on it baby so I get home it's
about 7:30 at night wrestling's about to
come on and I got a mountain of food in
front of me I got the elephant near I
got a little chef's burger what a pivot
um eating peanuts
we got a peanut shell with a steering
wheel dude there's nothing you have your
problem just over here
yow
you gave up face
so anyway I got kicked out of the fair
grandpa went and bought me all the food
that I wanted and that's how I became so
magically overweight it's grandpa's
fault dang here that was our bond going
up food we go to the flea market once
you go give me a chicken sandwich -
cheeseburger Lord in life I don't want
chicken that's right I would get the
chicken sandwich with you would you like
a triple cheeseburger yeah do that now
give me a triple cheeseburger give me an
extra large frying low HT now if I mess
up any part of the order iPad you put my
hair you'll spit oh really
yeah yeah anyway I gotta get this on
film no spit hanging or that ball boy
oh man so if I messed up any part of the
order I'd get back and he opens up
there's no good amenities now the reason
I would get it with no mayonnaise is
because I don't like mayonnaise so if he
didn't finish ooh yeah under them if you
didn't finish any of it I can finish it
but if I do if I mess it up oh damn
but Beth Porter you ran down my leg and
end up with brown stain your mattress
yeah and your brother and your sisters
and now I'm gonna tell this isn't for
today I'm saving this story about the
many times we would go to McDonald's and
if they would mess up in the order I'm
gonna say that cuz that was you remember
that yeah go back inside I'm saving that
story man I'm saving it that's it for
today like subscribe subscribe to anger
grandpa show so we can dress up like
Elvis you do not know don't so that's it
for today see you guys
