what's going on you guys
Kibby on the camera here just talking
about what's going on in the news or I
wouldn't necessarily say the news more
like TMZ and whatever the fuck else
Hollywood is reporting right now cuz I
don't know what the fuck is going on the
real news cuz I don't watch it anymore
it's all fear-mongering and I don't
follow it but this is what's going on in
Hollywood or maybe not even Hollywood or
I don't know this is what's on my mind
from what's happening in the news and
I'm well aware that I have something
right here I don't know what it is I
don't know it's there for the jokes
though people make fun of my head I
guess I'm sort of like rug burn going on
so we've had a couple of stars come out
of the closet here recently the past few
days Anderson Cooper and Billy ocean was
affiliation like an 80 singer
this guy looks young Frank Ocean I don't
know who that is
so I can't comment on you Frank
congratulations for whatever Anderson
Cooper I kind of always thought was gay
anyway not that there's anything wrong
with that there's nothing wrong with
being gay a homosexual I don't you know
what is the proper term what do I say
here gay okay I don't know I don't have
a problem with gay people if you want to
be gay be gay be open about it come on
who cares so you like the same sex you
like both things who gives a shit its
life who cares congratulations for
coming out of the closet to both of you
I mean I don't know who Billy ocean and
wait not Billy Frank Ocean Billy ocean
was like an old singer I don't know who
this guy is at all so Tom Cruise and
Katie Holmes are getting a divorce
hi they're getting a divorce and I'm not
at all surprised I mean didn't Tom
Cruise practically have Katie Holmes
chained by the foot to the wall and
telling her stories of Xenu and the
great Scientology tales I'm not one to
bash with
okay I'm not a religious person I I you
know I don't believe in God and I don't
bash people who do you can believe
whatever you want but Scientology's
fucking stupid when the creator of your
religion was a science fiction writer
and you still believe what he's saying
you got a problem get out of that
religion Xenu never existed that's like
me going to the Church of Harry Potter
and praising JK Rowling Tom Cruise you
can believe whatever you want I'm glad
Xenu spaceship soul suckers all that
shit go ahead congratulations quite
frankly I'm a little surprised you
weren't in the previous story Snooki and
JWoww few shows infuriate me this is one
of them one of the biggest problems I
have is when you insult our intelligence
as the viewer so when they try to
convince us in the first episode that
Snooki somehow can't afford to live on
her own it's automatically insulting
we know the bitch makes millions of
dollars we know you're very rich okay we
know all this stuff and then you insult
us when you go on this show or Jersey
Shore you try to pretend that you need
the job or you can't afford loads and
rent and all that bullshit we know you
can so why are you trying to tell us
that you can you're multimillionaires we
get it all that shit aside your show
sucks I've watched one episode and I've
not watched another one sentence and I
don't think Bridget has either and if
she has I'm gonna go to my DVR and
cancel it I had really high expectations
for this movie I thought it was gonna be
fucking amazing I had a really hard time
seeing it I showed up at 3 o'clock on
Friday afternoon for a show that was
gonna start at 6 sold out they have
another one at 9:30 sold out they didn't
have any more showings at night so I had
to go to another theater we get to it
the showing 7:30 sold out we finally got
to one we're sitting down I spent 30
bucks on popcorn cuz I'm a fat ass all
that shit I'm sitting there
yay about a minute after the movie was
supposed to have started one of the
ushers comes in we're the only ones in
the theater at this time - and he goes
oh the projectors broken right now
actually hey thanks for telling us a
little earlier thanks for letting me buy
so many fucking snacks
apparently the projector had been broken
all day nobody bothered to tell us they
still bother to sell us tickets and they
continued to sell tickets throughout the
night the other showings they had were
sold out so I went across town to
another movie theater sold out so day
one I couldn't go see Ted I finally got
to see it on Saturday the next day
around noon and it was not worth the
hassle
they showed practically all the best
parts in the red band trailer it was
sort of like a Family Guy episode which
is fair to say being that the guy who
create a Family Guy wrote it some parts
were amazing some parts were terrible
without being a spoiler here some of the
scenes were just so drawn-out and stupid
that I couldn't bear to sit through it
for all of it the big party scene
everybody's getting drunk and snorting
cocaine and yeah this is fun
then all of a sudden a Chinese man Lee
bust into the room holding like some
fucking duck and a hatchet oh you ain't
go rough it duck dinner and then all of
a sudden the duck starts fighting with
Tanner he's shoving his feet you know so
he's packing them
Ted's fighting back it was it was a bad
movie and I posted something on Facebook
and still everybody was like oh that
movie's amazing you're stupid enjoy the
movie dude I just hated it I thought it
was a pile of shit I haven't seen Kevin
James and zookeeper but I think that may
enjoy it just as much as I enjoyed Ed
and finally tonight
July 7th 2012 UFC 148 Anderson Silva
Chael Sonnen - we got Tito Ortiz and
Forrest Griffin - if you don't follow
the UFC check it out I mean it's the
fastest growing sport today Chael Sonnen
and Anderson Silva had a previous fight
that was complete
the one cited Chael Sonnen was the only
person so far that has been able to put
a stop to Anderson Silva he didn't win
the fight Chael Sonnen lost the fight by
submission but for four and a half
rounds Chael Sonnen beat the shit out of
Anderson Silva until finally Anderson
Silva locked on the submission but who
knows how tonight's gonna be Anderson
Silva could have learned from his
mistakes
Chael Sonnen could have learned from his
mistakes it's tonight ten o'clock
check it out they'll also have some shit
on FX beforehand around eight o'clock
check all that shit out that's tonight
Saturday July 7th fuck I'm stupid yes
Saturday July 7th tonight Anderson Silva
Chael Sonnen to UFC 148 subscribe to the
angered grandpa show because at 150,000
grandpa's gonna dress up like Elvis and
I'm gonna dress up as whatever the fuck
he has me just up as baby new year or
whatever the hell anyway do all that
I'll be back at grandpa's tomorrow with
the camera so that's it check out UFC
148 tonight subscribe hit me up on
Twitter you can do that right there
that's me on Twitter or don't who cares
do what you want to do see ya
