come on sir so not right now this shit
is really fucking pissing me up how
would this Geneva supposed to go the
fuck on it good
stop like seriously I want to put my
fucking hand through this fucking pop
filter as it is knit sir
okay try take 600 Michael I'll pick it
up take a look at my father he likes to
smoke every day lock it - it can't put
it on anywhere I gotta hold it and
that's not gonna fucking help at all but
I delete that audio before I go Nutan to
the next one
I'm sorry it's not your fault I'm really
fucking pissed off hey this clip missed
em Audio is a hunk of shit do not
fucking buy it it doesn't fucking work
I saw something online just about
fucking eating headphones so I got these
heroin let's plug in the headphones to
the m-audio eight oh it doesn't you're
gonna have their headphones probably
more fucking money we had to go back to
this fuckin Guitar Center three fucking
times today I'm not going back for
fucking headphones try this again please
step back please
this is happening your fat button you're
eating pretzels right crew so according
stop eating pretzels
I just restarted end I take a look at my
father he likes to smoke everyday I'm
sick of all this secondhand smoke and he
went to take a coffin that's just what I
saw that decision that then never
smokers comes in the middle the pop
culture helps me not usually been doing
it listen to this
Michael laughter helps me not oh I'm
getting angrier when you laugh at me I
want to snap something just rap play
with lazy please just kill ah God take a
look at my father he likes to smoke
everyday I'm sick of all this secondhand
smoke and he likes to take up off
fingers just one fucking pretzel I think
I had at that time too no it doesn't
look right
what kind of fucking microphone I know I
don't talk to you very often God but I'm
gonna pray to you now because I need
some answers
just fucking box him I'm not going back
to fucking Guitar Center fifth time with
all the shit you fucking bag this time
can you go no this is bullshit this is
lots of money but break it break it we
can't take it back
made in Germany yeah it's a fucking
German company I guess hey it's not made
in China this time guys or Pakistan
something made in Germany where's my
made in America I bet if it was made in
America it would work see by saying made
in Germany they're telling us that
they're Nazis and they're trying to get
us to stop buying Michael think about it
stupid I'm gonna think about breaking
the chrome Michael's really stupid from
microphone fucking boom standing I'm
gonna smash over my me in a second
Michael hey made in Germany is on the
word talking about back up the
microphone what do you know about
anything electronic
it's on the back made and somewhere I'm
sure like a stick so what this is the
answer they now it's solved yeah yeah
let's see
hey let's test for just a little Theory
out here we go take a look at my father
he lives a smoke everyday I'm sick of
all this second-hand smoking he likes to
take a puffing is just what whatever
take a look at my father he liked to
smoke everything I'm sick of all this
secondhand smoke in heat my signal up
thing is just I think I think it was
backwards moves out about the pan get it
out my face I fixed yeah okay
get it out of my face congratulations
you knew the one thing that I didn't
know Bridget I bow before your feet bow
I'm not actually going to bow
kiss my foot huh you did one thing I
don't think you figured kiss it so
Michaels rapping in the closet right now
after we figured out what was wrong with
the microphone well I figured it out
this is my take out the closet regicide
let me take the side to live on like
what that it crushed oh hi come on man
yeah this is so this is what I did with
the closet okay he made it into a little
studio also why is your bookbag in my
studio in whatever this book is get out
seriously let's see if it sounds any
clearer take a look at my father he lets
just smoke everyday oh yeah
this blanket can't be here forever why
cuz my favorite blanket you usually got
it from home yes I did padding man I get
it go buy a blanket this is my blanket
yeah get out of my studio
Michael I've taken back my blanket
seriously no seriously can I give it to
you later rabbit
