where was it was in there nothing she's
going an attic
it keeps opening it keeps closing they
don't open by themselves
be careful if there's somebody up there
you're in big trouble now
oh good Doug's got that flashlight again
give me the holy name so
anything
and yeah oh my gosh be careful are you
standing
I just heard three tabs did you yeah
don't see eight
what what nothing
you never scare us
yeah yeah you're not seeing anything up
there at all look Brett what are we kind
of footprint yeah a sneaker about a size
8 what why well that's something
important is did you film it yeah
brother that's very important because
they were talking about it's a kid
remember the one points pretty said I'm
yeah and it'll look like the shape of
like a kid see where'd it go what the
shadow that we saw was of like a young
kid the voice at Grandpa's house said
I'm 11 oh that's the only place I see it
on a light fixture
dude do demons often take like like the
shape of a child yeah what a visit goes
child or what if it is a demon could be
you filmed the footprint yeah something
was up there something but you ain't
gonna stand on much up there which
you'll see that and what a video why not
we need to find that Luigi Borya
we just got out two sticky fingers so we
could get something to eat or excuse me
so Doug can get something we're on diets
I can't eat why are we here so you'll
watch me that's hungry you're really
gonna make us watch you eat yep I'm
eating honey you're eating I wouldn't
eat dinner with dad dude I'm not eating
and just now a fan drives by and he was
like I thought you were on the diet
Mike bro that what he said that's what
he said Oh what happened like bro okay
yeah I'm walking into sticky fingers you
caught me I'm not eating Oh
hey sick what are your ribs aren't they
lean there's no fat in ribs
yeah zero calories yeah order artisan
rub ribs loaded fries wing nuts Ally
zero calories let's do this I know it's
full so are you really eating I'm not
gonna go crazy but I might get lost
something wrong what's wrong
we're here yeah look up swallow Doug I
miss our secretly text in Prijedor hey
Cherie texts Bridget look what your
dad's doing lol ice cream at barbecue is
that even supposed to be there oh yeah
it is Harry I'm done I can't have any
ice cream I can't either ice cream it's
just too much
why don't you get just hurt at the
freaking place why are we here
but that might be true actually he's on
a diet he's doing it on purpose why'd we
follow him here let him go home we'll go
to Walgreens by his house yeah what the
heck dad okay yeah I'm going to the toys
oh wait a minute wait a minute what
choking hazard
no way
oh my god he's just looking out for you
my god
rattle baby rattle that's all you can
have oh I can have a baby rattle he's
just looking out for you Michael oh
great one dot Iowa diapers and stuff yep
what's you guys Oh Michael you could
pick out dinner hey which one do you
want
crushed bananas Oh param chicken noodles
this stuff really works good oh yes babe
I'm not a baby
he's a man now so far he might be yeah
but for Halloween could you know see
might want a diaper in a pacifier
I could see it yeah it's like baby new
year yes you shy Doug's gone you guys
you know
first things first thank you Doug for
you know looking up in the attic I'm
just trying to make sense of everything
you guys you know earlier we played with
that Ghost Box he didn't see yesterday's
vlog go check it out we played with the
Ghost Box and I asked how old I was and
it instantly said 30 and I don't like
that and then I think we heard something
say goodbye and like get out or
something and then he goes up and this
is what I wanted to address right here I
just wanted to talk about it for just a
second he said he saw a small footprint
now I have not seen the footprint myself
I've looked at the footage I couldn't
see it but he says though there's a
footprint up there and he said it's a
small footprint like a child's footprint
and that's what makes me like worried
you know people are always Tom talking
about how they hear kids crying in the
vlog oh I heard a kid cry then over here
we see the figure of what looks like a
kid run by our door with no explanation
as to who it was you know we ran outside
we didn't see anybody out there looked
in the front yard we didn't see anybody
like leaving usually we would hear that
gate over there open and close it's over
there it's pretty loud you hear it in
the vlog all the time we hear that even
if you're upstairs so we didn't hear the
gauge so it's like the personally hopped
a fence or something or they're a ghost
I'm not even gonna like humor that to be
what it really is but it is interesting
to talk about
then the voice of dads house said I'm 11
and then get out then we hear the same
thing on the ghost box get out and we
see the kid here and there's a shadow
over here good guys
stuff is weird okay and that's where I'm
coming to you right now because I don't
know a whole lot about Ouija boards and
mitad lis maybe I shouldn't have messed
with it back in July when you guys were
telling me because so much horrible
stuff has happened in our lives since
then but like I'm listening to you now
that's what's important I'm listening
now
so first where should I check because I
swore like we didn't throw it away
nobody took it it's gotta it's had to
have been moved so where should I check
number one number two when I get it
should we bury it anyway I'm going
inside I just wanted to take a minute to
talk for just a second
what's this
is this another footprint it's fresh
guys I'm not wearing shoes okay so
that's somebody stepped in the water and
left the footprint Michael have you told
her what happened last night no I think
we should talk about it cuz that was
that was frightening
but first I want you to toggle and Bob
this new sofa I'm giving all kinds of
stuff is it who's gonna pay ya if
there's anybody here could you go I
gotta turn this off go back to where you
came from you know welcome here over
this budget immediately I'm gonna be
honest I started this whole thing like
ah yeah you know maybe we could be like
a storyline out of it I didn't expect
like so much weird stuff to be happening
I approached it as a joke and I just
don't want to do it anymore
I didn't approach as a joke I did that
friggin noise was haunting yes okay the
noise scared me it terrified me girls
okay let's turn it into something but I
didn't realize you know who's gonna keep
opening we're gonna be hearing voices
people gonna be sending us examples last
night we haven't talked about that
that's um tell me what happened last
night what's the point we didn't film it
leave us why not
we're coming across as Liars right now
are you serious yeah who believes it man
we've had all this stuff happen and
nothing to show for it man I'm getting
mad about it but this was really scary
last night I thought I heard a voice
okay something said hey wake up and I
wake up and I look and lazy is like in
the total trance he's just looking at
the ceiling so I'm gonna wake bridgett
up she goes to try to snap lazy out of
it and he won't he just has his eyes
fixated on the ceiling and it terrified
me I'm done with this it was it was very
scary guys I was done talking about it
man I'm giving you the point where I'm
gonna snap soon you know Chris wrote me
yeah yeah he did not take the Ouija
board what you know buddy I asked your
dad I asked Jennifer I asked Chris none
of them have the Ouija board which means
it's here well where is it
oh dude it's a hold I'm tired
we have to like move on I know but we
also to find this Ouija board I would
like to move on that's just hard it's
freaking scary here before we move on
I've got one more thing that I want to
do what we haven't officially done it
yet this year and we kind of have to
what I've got maybe that's the reason
we've got to we we've dabbled with this
but we haven't got up there to be at it
yet
oh come on we've got to do that before
we can officially end anything cuz guys
this is enough I'm ready to end it I'm
ready to move on but we gotta do this
for Bastille okay anything I want to I'm
getting scared now I'm tired I'm tired
what well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching I think
we're gonna do it we're gonna do the
ghost run I don't want to I don't want
to either gonna have one too
this is the last way we can prove
anything okay this the lastest it okay
so one more thing
and we're moving on you guys could do we
got too much stuff to do I gotta do the
Shannon video I got pranks to pull on
grandpa like a stupor Michael I feel
like I don't know dude what what you say
nothing
you're not pranking me this month I
didn't say anything you guys yeah we got
pranks to do speaking of pranks if you
have not yet seen the spaghetti that
killed me prank go check it out the
Halloween spaghetti prank I dropped dead
check it out the link is below the link
is at the end of this video and we got a
lot more to go I'm ready to put my head
fully into these pranks because this is
I'm not well right now so guys I'm
getting a tease you know I've been way
too focused on like whatever is going on
around here
I'm done with it guys like subscribe
baby
everything for us and wish us luck
