currently we are driving and I don't
know what to call it's crazy
because people we got bridges a ban
right there
I know good God who skate heard so this
came out of nowhere we were walking to
the car it was not raining then all of a
sudden BAM that was fucking raining and
it was hurricane like winds and rain oh
fuck
way to scare me I thought we were gonna
die
grandpa is currently in Florida right
now he called me from the mall and he
told me that he just filmed a Mexican
and Orange Julius who didn't know
English and the athlete he never had a
vagina spider flavored smoothie you know
yes I have like I like vagina spider
anyway I'm gonna get off of this now but
recognize that if this video never
uploads that I died making it so like
Stan
oh shit if I'm got I must want to send
this shit out
how we have a the goal be to live
achieve this price okay I'm getting off
of this rusted piece Michael and Bridget
pay attention don't pay attention to me
don't look away from road again that's
it subscribe like fuck I'm getting off
this is scary now look at the road
okay subscribed or nothing you guys hair
