what's going on you guys I'm gonna let
you hear a song I've been working on I
just started writing about 20 minutes
ago or so so this is the first verse
yeah a couple puffs of the blunt then
I'm flying to the moon what the fuck is
going on I think that I'll be dying soon
trying to connote the music I'm inspired
to be Eminem I Harvison but I can't
describe this mic and do it ain't you
with him I lack a drive to try and focus
writing songs and minutes in this shitty
so I don't get noticed pat the chosen
and I'm choking and my throat is closing
real MC it's neither do to hide himself
in Amy's posting silver loser anchor
nothing written in my name I can't drive
a fucking car I'll never get a whip of
Fame so ashamed I hate to say I never
learned a thing by watching those who
wanted more determine from the fucking
game so count me out I'm moving north
I'm not a lyricist I'm not a rapper just
the kid who can't take rapping serious
I'm BIC a couple hits since the weave
remind me that I'm still alone visions
creeping they deceive defining life I've
ever known trying hide that never works
they find me I am so afraid to go to
sleep at night I hide my pain in lines
of coke Who am I putting you would it's
like when time is through what's it like
I saw the show with you through life a
drug abuse so anyway that is the song
I'm working on right now I'm about to go
to anger grandpa's house and there's
Bella climbing on the couch
anyway boy I'm on my way to grandpa's
house check on him everybody's been
telling me I'll check on his arm so I'm
gonna check on his fucking arm for you
so I'm sitting here with grandpa and
he's grilling out we take a look open up
his grill here Oh a glasses are all
fogged up now so is that smoke behind me
so anyway grandpa's grilling chicken
today and actually good getting burning
it are you talking today
wrong with you today none it's all talk
grandpa doesn't wanna talk today a
little shirt never for your grandpa's
here yeah I got up a fan I think when
grandpa's here is a time to fear
I think we're and pause here means to
fear extra now remember the last time
you cooked chicken on the grill a pretty
sure something caught fire Rob again I
don't remember it it's actually looking
pretty good new grill oh yeah okay
hardly any breakage yeah
you go and that is the drawback to
living next to the airport boy fucking
like a dream truck so at your request
you're all asking me to find out how his
arm is to dead arm fun
so yeah dad's arm is fine now it was it
was sore for the day okay wait a minute
what was that little sly move hers
you're lying you know fun oh okay don't
lie mouth now I'm buck you were just
don't touch me it hurts so what has
happened here is I've asked grandpa bad
his arm and now he's acting like it's
all worse than it is
hey you don't think I can see you or
something if you find her spin
you liar hurt here dad you'll hurt so
damn bad there you go
here's your Walker I can't reason one
hand over for you
oh my god you gotta be kidding Oh
grandpa is your little tin yeah Oh see
your be yeah
his arm is fine I saw him stirring
chicken and doing stuff with his arm
drinking with it and stuff before I said
anything and now all of a sudden his
arms hurt like crazy oh oh hey there
buddy boy and laughs I think it's
partners fuck grab a gun shut up that
one looks good
oh hey Rolla to want it so basically you
gonna tell me you gonna burn it all yeah
is my chicken I'll make a rigatoni
Martino for dinner with will chicken
butter be grilled boneless chicken go
much mean you only get polish it I got a
ma it's got a bone in it does not have a
bone in it okay gristle is it
Oh God thank you let shirt huh oh my god
your arms to the side who sent you this
yeah
who sent you that shirt Donna who's
Donna you say like I should know who
Donna is Aprilia I got a girl and Donna
wasn't named California how do you know
people in California I know people have
a motherfucker where shut up okay so get
okay look at this uh-huh I like hey like
that how's he gonna stab me
oh you or not you're not gonna wash it
at all okay this one does what's my role
I don't like touching my food okay
I really don't don't dust but goddamn
shoes so he was so hit before I got the
camera you're right
fire now they all touch one of the cook
business which okay you are not gonna
put the chicken in that pot are you yeah
oh that is horrifying
I'm wash it off first yeah I'm sure you
are you say because the camera is on
grandpa is that thing I swallowed a fly
seriously
get the fuck out Oh get him out of here
goddamn fucking Walmart Grilli with a
fuck you can't open it no have you
looking at
i goddamn motherfucker now how'd you go
into Walmart have my hat and cut my face
think I really uh I'll be over to the
door greeter says right is easy as shit
going now yeah it's gonna burn in a
bug-out I got him dragged onto the
bottom yeah oh shit
show me the bottom ha ha ha ha I was
just about to watch Misha I was just
about to warn you about that shut up go
get out of here Yuri welcome rule I'm
coming in now
hey damn I gotta fill the plate burning
up by hand I told you it was going to
goddamn cheap Wally world's
motherfucking place
get out of here now go get in the fuck
out my house please
