Here I am with angry grandpa you're
driving around his neighborhood
currently going to the store yes he's
going to need a coffee cup what's
already going to right way max way he's
going to whatever what the farmers
fucking shit right here gave you a
goddamn border jumper
what the hell gotta be a goddamn for
Java part like that they managed to take
three spots well they take a three
paycheck from goddamn Americans what the
fuck's it matter
yeah god damn
so you give them motherfuckin easy take
a bow
they coffeeCup me how big that sucker
ears you can't drink out of cup of
noodles all the time why not let me go
to mobile to their shamed up to $4 right
there Cooper oh hell Drive I need some
coffee cups anyway thank you
hmm okay man I put a lot of coffee that
mother a need but a dollar shit you're
two of them I'll live right one max way
Yeah right way they so keen good and
shit near oh my god my god I get kind of
coffee cups up coffee cups we tell mom
look that's a lot of jelly how do you do
get that motherfucker would red plum
might be good though is of a dollar
fifty shut up are you seriously behind
that red plum jelly we got my president
it's god damn bread me I won't break
your goddamn I don't want goddamn red
plum job man I'm kills can't lift it up
Mike it's a joke she's not no what's
wrong my fucking arm an eagle hospital
Oh peach preserves fucking good god I go
to goddamn Dollar General and get up a
dollar they got 250 he can have a dollar
fucking dollar should I get this foot
out
are you good for a dollar I know how to
change prices what you store a shit
incomes losing okay I'll just put go see
fight day my root beer wait a month one
coffee cups
oh I'll day Joanne no fucking rooster a
little bit I got the other one squish my
fucking bread damn I know that got Emma
home through wisdom my house is built
but through hard-ass work you favor us
uh bitch damn bread to get that out my
face
damn man if you got a Camry hand you got
a stupid ass phone shit where's my knees
hate to pull up my goddamn cards for
this well I'll help you spend your money
now up in your mic rearranged okay you
know here doubters you know we've met
more about well I'm leaving grandpa's
house and I'm gonna try to give him a
hug good buddy
what no I don't know dad oh yeah because
your Bridget man touch me with
everything push with the ground yeah
don't judge me here in touch Britain I
still like subscribe I'll bake your horn
okay are you serious
where at hey you I'm will from rare pull
up your shirt let's look at this is my
rotary cut your rotary cup
get out of here but it fucking hurt but
he did his goddamn half-breed bastard
getting out this is an accident I don't
know your arm was worth like that I told
you destroy him I could live nothing
he's pulled his armors on the beating
off or something oh yeah right and now
he now he's elder because the herbs oh
shit
fucker you know what you need what do
you want to pull on it really hard
do I need add you do everybody yes I'm
gonna chill or you might need to be
popped or something but it's pulled out
of socket or something yeah yeah I'm
socket well let's look at it come here
saying that your fingers or toes stand
up almost stand up you know I got it are
you serious dancing now if this hurts
don't you swing on me ah I'm up humming
yang already ate your ass ready oh oh
fuck you fuck you fuck are you sir here
in the fifth service it didn't fix but
no hurts
ah you need to check with the hospital
seriously the fucker hurts I don't know
what the fuck up there go to the
hospital fucking hospital who do it what
one more done one more if you say help
at all huh and this feels like it's
hurting me workers
ah then you've got the empty channel by
the corner I'm trying to shove it in
socket or something the oil just shoves
up supper see didn't feel any better no
then I first fell for her yeah keep
falling in
manners up
back
any better or worse worse are you
serious yeah her later pull of it
no given minute it might feel better
like last time we're not poor enough
fuck try to hurt me man everybody tried
it he's literally water her be present
her if you love that bathtub is like
that goddamn pickle boy motherfucker
go to a hospital little goddamn Hospital
so I would drop us out
got it buddy that motherfucker beat her
worth
