what's going on keeping out a camera
here it is my birthday I'm here at ain't
grandpa's Casta whatever cast a date
grandpa and I'm here I'm trying to not
celebrate it you're perfect obviously
you don't know the day I was born I
didn't care
so I'm drugged that day probably what oh
god I impressed you marry me beautiful
dude grandpa was depressed that he
happens he's having another day yes
today's my birthday I'm 25 again you
starting over you never do it's just
like last year I'm walking away so it is
reluctantly my birthday and you smell
like one too
doesn't do badly that's up to yesterday
one with Bridget oh my god don't worry
about it
I was in my birthday suit yesterday I
don't want that so it would be
depressing because you have such a small
penis and you're jealous so similar god
damn work okay so it's my birthday and
I'm here at Inger Grandpa's house I was
expecting a cake I was expecting a gift
thank you I was expecting something you
I'm just a liar check the freezer there
was no cake I was checking the fridge no
cake
you didn't give me a cake you give me a
present if I know you were coming out of
bait cake cake thank you can't get mine
oh you cut me a buck anyway so I guess
I'm gonna leave soon because there's
nothing for me here there's no happy
birthday a bad grandpa's house for me he
didn't even know it's my birthday in
tonight's our recording this blog I gave
of me so anyway that's what's going on
subscribe hey I'm not doing my brows I
did not agree to that you're doing your
eyebrows and you're going to stand out I
did not agree to that shit in fact I
brought the contract today cuz I knew I
printed it out I knew you would try
something I thought it was good you can
sign it I made a print of it it's a copy
I said shit prove it so subscribe to
grandpa described Oh God okay Comic Con
this guide to my facebook I can't had
anyone else
subscribe to her face while I hit her
fast you hit me in the eye okay
there's my birds they have the right job
you got balls header it was an accident
Inge you've you've been to hit her I'm
glad you did I'm proud of you okay so
dad supports spousal abuse just her well
just her any future of suitors Frank
your grandpa he beats his women
apparently 35 and you hide and you
single and you ain't got no fucking
mental problems inbox me the other
mental problem you need somebody if you
like men with purple hair you should hey
you guys it goes into the Sunoco anyway
subscribe comment like hot dog whenever
you get a bar with that purple hand
you're gonna look like Barney
so hello party thank you for taking me
to would a little Duncan anyway we're
off the subject subscribe it's my
birthday it's not grandpa day this is my
big day this is my big day
happy 19th no I wish I wish I was aging
down I wish I had Benjamin Button
syndrome but I don't I'm looking worse
than worse look at this you a baby due
I thought you look really young I look
like an old piece of shit now what Lucas
that was just like him now I'm
good-looking you look like that when you
were 23 I'm good-looking I'm sick anyway
either by my body and you think I'm sexy
Gumbel baby tail it's the past couple
days you've been singing that song it's
getting a little eerie I need I need I
think it laid as others do it yeah
