I want to go see with this boiling hunk
of shit and dad's pot is because it
looks fucking crazy it's big you shine
some light on the subject
Oh steaks with his fat it's all smells
rancid Kobe bean soup bean soup don't
you eatin these days let me it's with
Jimmy John fuck Jimmy John just last
night you were saying how much you
wanted one I didn't want more - you said
you wanted Jimmy John I had a substation
sub-grants ugly well yeah I called you
over there no one said I gotta do Sunday
I was in Colombia
damn I need a shave
well pretty soon your hair is gonna be
pros nobody do not subscribe to that
fucking Y blue eyebrows blue eyebrows oh
we're also dying his eyebrows fuck you
blue eyebrows out more than the goddamn
you're doing goddamn thing princess and
part of the deal what you didn't know
about what you do now I would do I agree
to you're agreeing to it now I'd agree
to fucking sit what dad doesn't know he
agree to not agreed
I have not upgrade you saw made you sign
the contract and you did sign it if I
got your card right here yeah it's a
short one
so whatever now anyway what you don't
know what you agreed to cuz it was in
the contract
I'd already dare you don't hey I didn't
thank God and come up on me they got any
command for me
I skipped that one I got your bad hair
and your vision but my penis is strong
now now anyway I gotta hear that
dad is so jealous with his son right now
oh my god what you don't know that you
agree to is after we die your hair
purple and your eyebrows blue you have
to go to the Sunoco and buy yourself
some cigarettes he's saying pay for gas
that's gonna be awesome
dad's got to go in public with his hair
and Walmart my grocery I can't go to
Walmart why hey you had a different
color here they go knows you buy low
weight we did get banned from violet if
you want your old fucking man
what god damn purple hair no hug no day
yeah Levi's Papa Smurf busted a nut in
your face I would bust Doug you in
purple hair and purple eyebrows no
brutal eyebrow I'm a Purple Rain so
anyway subscribe we're almost out of
100,000 no you're not subscribe
do not stay away from grandpa fuck him
subscribe once we get a hundred thousand
that's gonna be marvelous what's that
mean you know the word marvelous means
I'm usually not have dropped out in the
fourth grade stuff to learn education so
grandpa dropped out the fourth grade um
that's that grandpa's gonna dies hair
blue
I what is a lie double do my eyebrows
you are doing our vows and then I'm
gonna walk in Sonoco you right that's
that's in a contract I just take you to
court over it I did not sign that you
did sign it he signed the contract
you're not subscribed that's taking the
blue mist I am NOT do not leave my god
gives up Rallo that's my elbow God Wow
oh my god it looks like that guy who the
cannibal ate his face that's what it
looks like oh this is corrosive agree
you late opossum format so you know if
anybody didn't know grandpa has always
been under like roadkill and shit made
good student and I'm not lying about
that one time dad went over squirrel and
he cooked it into a stew bad good - yeah
you did I did not eat you liar you had
you put a goddamn rice and you even
sucked up the fuckin grave yeah
if I didn't you didn't tell me a
squirrel you sobbed up the grave with
that dandy going good you guys have you
you don't know nothing we all ate the
squirrel because even you to go out and
shoot the damn thing come in freezer you
like ground
times higher than that have you did he's
lying is that go ahead
you ain't the squirrel you did you
shocked up the gravy with a biscuit
did you bled was it bread or a biscuit
Laskin but now - biscuit ah
one time angry grandpa can't afford
groceries had jumped into a dumpster
boertie woods then you lee run over a
deer one time - yeah you read that for
about a month
I do remember eating that now we made
like sandwiches out of engine I used to
go out of the season grads and find all
my pizzas out making the motherfuckers
I did not ain't no squirrel stew he's
lying here Chinese grub enough - what
not you love her you did you like it -
you eat the fuck out of it cuz I know
that of a dumpster what you know hurt
you
