going on you guys I'm about to I guess
go to the guitar center because if
everyone my microphone broke through
what will you achieve me you struggle
like a goddamn home but further please
just total like a goddamn home before
and need a haircut dude but do you know
there's a blast though though you're
like Charlie chance double life son
you said that yesterday you unoriginal
bastard you said that two days in a row
you a little you have you yeah I did
look up people were telling me in the
comments who it was like some old TV
show or some shit yeah it was it was the
movie theaters I saw like Charlie Chan I
can't do I going to investigate why
Jimmy John Berta saw so good club it's
me the rules said why don't he said
Jimmy John I think dad's thing about
sandwiches it would be a bad idea hungry
go buy me one you won't want to get you
on I got a I gave you the big salad you
want to Jimmie Johnson sandwich I'll go
get it
I won't eat salad well my face my facial
hair I sure is hereditary but got
scratch all that facial hair
I got me looking down I got a gray ass
hand but think of sex the an you book a
body so I got to go to the Guitar Center
you guys are much great you're here
it looks like a gun deer rabbits ass you
don't have any brain your hair yellow
yellow see raspberry red my gray hair is
hereditary because you have such
horrible DNA it's my DNA my dad's nasty
ass I got a horrible DNA my hair is
fucked up
my visions fuck dude I hope you know I
gave from you you've had you think you
mama
well I thought you'd want to be the
video Bridgette I do now now Oh God give
me bitch it was don't do that I'm asking
I'm asking you nicely not to do that
shit last and on Twitter at Bridget west
yeah and maybe Twitter at lyric old rap
no
subscribe to my youtube do not subscribe
to my YouTube he's saying that he is
saying that because if he reaches
100,000 yes to dye his hair and he knows
it's robbery he's getting very close so
subscribe to add the anger grandpa show
so he could dye his fucking hair purple
quit subscribing if you reached the
hundred thousand yesterdays hair purple
if you think he's mad now wait till he
reaches 100
