young guys I'm here okay I got a
question why is it right when I start
doing my blogs you start talking who's
your blog Dayton Porter he's truthful
Annie
bye so hang grandpa's gonna be at some
wrestling show tomorrow night judging a
wet t-shirt yeah not with so you can't
do it because boobies
grandpa's got a serious level of
perversion whoa whoa big upbeat what do
you mean your pervert so anyway I don't
know you girls got mental problems well
I got a little problem you're deprived
you know if it hadn't been for you I'd
probably still be married
don't go you causes divorce you've
enough let me ask you this you caused
the divorce let me ask you a question
you shouldn't bring up telling me again
you had nothing to had nothing Jordan
empresa had nothing to do with 25 years
of unhappy marriage and nothing to do
with that are you happier without
grandma yep so so what is the problem
nobody asked is she happier I think so
so that was awesome you two have got an
argument just be separated there you go
you're welcome if it's my fault you are
so welcome for your new happy life calls
a divorce
snotty who grandpa's gonna be living his
life bar to bar mattress to match with
some of these gutter tramps whoa okay ah
good god is that from this afternoon
yeah how much smoking to you to talk
about grandpa's loving mattress the
mattress with homeless people that he
meets at gutter bars and I mean homeless
men ah I don't mess Amina you know I'm
just right why you go to a wrestling
match what do you live that wrestling
with sexuality I'm going to be inhaled
at her damn strip bar no dad's wrestling
with his sexuality I know my stag baby
well anyway anger grandpa wants to
legitimately hurt me right now I'm going
to it doesn't we're in a horror movie
people screaming outside so anyway
subscribe like comment I would subscribe
you but damn dope you know you look like
the grandfather offers house of thousand
corpses right now what you look like the
grandfather on house of a thousand
corporation with your hair like this be
quiet you got a mama wait are you saying
grandma's here sleeping where where's
mom at Paige's house oh god this box is
too exposed
Jesus Christ you're gonna get
electrified dude
