so Bridget pranked me last night oh wow
leaving me became final today before my
parents divorce she said she was leisure
side the papers and I was Oh bad fucking
way what I'm bogging hold on a second I
don't even know what you're doing I'm
happy so the day before my parents
divorce Bridget says she's leaving me
happy I'm a happy guy living in a happy
world lacks boy first time I was single
at 32 years well damn
so my parents are divorced I guess yes I
must
I'm a statistic that's right you now
doorstep a latchkey kid so I'm I'm
another statistic of a failed marriage
anyway
I've always been a statistic of unhappy
home those oh whoa whoa whoa
who do you got you everything you have
ordered yeah who destroyed it like a few
days later which appeals me off thanks
dad for the video game that I'm that
you're renting me for $50 you're welcome
I'm tied you Jordan one time dad rented
me a video game from blockbuster and he
snapped the fucking disc so we had to
pay Blockbuster full price I was a
goddamn law down that's happy that just
fell off the fucking counter yeah sure
it fell off the counter with a gravity I
don't know the word I'm gonna use he
threw it off the fucking counter he'll
fucking lie I think what Elliot it was
in a case ma yeah I'm not lying Michael
I'm in a good mood man I'm divorced it
was Thunder for PlayStation a good mood
on the boards I'll leave you Stan maybe
buddy I did good mood I'm not talking
I'm talking to a blog here okay what you
freaking blond
so anyway Bridget tried to say they shot
leaving me you put it on that people put
it down Oh dad and Bridget on talking
terms
- upstage a house there no itch alright
if you're homeless
you can stay with us I don't want state
you home that's a little fog well then
stick to being homeless we the door was
open to Navy house in Orlando yeah you
gotta get to the park for free
that's an inside joke so anyway we want
to talk
Bridget break it out with the data right
with us divorce she would you know you
you saw the video I didn't see the video
so I looked like a piece of shit at the
courtroom here you go
I just made that up yeah I hate asking
you go through everything with me how
come he goes at home I had to work you
don't work at 7:00 a.m. that is really
early for high Bonelli time in a lot in
Las Vegas now that's like three hours I
know he's not in Las Vegas
he's in back in New York he oh no your
ear begins my week ago he had to go to
Las Vegas to film so something about
bridging dows interrupting
we're get it subscribe and grumpus
ruined another video for me oh shut up
Bangkok's crap subscribe to me subscribe
to what happened no subscribe to me
