it's not on you guys I just gotta I'm
sitting here looking at dad's source the
other man got him small hole net dad
this site whoever kailash's hopefully
that goddamn bitch mother like a bitch
bye die you fucking whore die small des
I'll give you something small about you
do get harm listen to me you rather fuck
your man than to got him take care of
your kid I hate you I hate you now can I
tell you
the sight is bullshit huh the sight is
bullshit I saying a real story this is
like weekly world news is like National
Enquirer they like I fucking know they
advertise about like batboy and shit
like I fucking know I already know that
shit with earth to run out of natural
resources no shit is really think look
at this sugar makes you stupid does it
Seinfeld replaces Grant Wilson on ghost
hunter no dad why didn't you do that for
Ted not true what a psycho he done he
done lost his popularity something dad
this isn't true this is not true Opie
and Anthony joint American Idol who had
boy on Pretty Little Liars
new shit you know both fucking ugly dad
and what I'm saying was the Casey that's
got a child crazy Anthony needs right
there that'd be a good baby for her
listen why I'm trying to tell you that
what somebody sent you some bullshit
it's not true if his older computer is
true I believe everything I read on
computer oh my god teddy mom's gonna do
playboy it's not true oh my god after
what you up to
