this is never not work before it's a
sign obviously a sign of ways to not do
it I don't know bro we've got to do it
did you over that what will happen no
you opened it right
I do don't you know I didn't you open it
no I didn't
I know well you should call them before
we go walking up through our deathtrap
this is twice it's not even one of them
is I can't call him I mean if we like
stop for a second I can call him I'm
going up there where's Lucille I don't
need a gun oh I don't think you should
oh yes there's like some vagrant living
in my attic then I have every right to
sink this into their skull not tired
what if they have a gun Oh Felix doing
it let's get up there I'll see you today
Felix are you the one scaring us hey
dude jumps down from up here you have
Lucille though I just have a camera what
does that blue lady give me the camera
I'll stand the selfie stick and I'll
film up there what blue light though
okay
when I ask the question what's that blue
light chances are I don't know the
answer to what's the blue light chill
out I got let's see
vagrant mixed in at home okay
Britta's you got that gun for the person
living up here uh-huh
right here guys if you see anything we
haven't made up here since we moved in
i'm sanna white is there a blue light
yeah I see a flashing blue light are you
serious
we're okay look oh god I'm scared
just chill Bridget yeah you see me
filming you don't you fake right I got
you what's on this side see this
flashing light it means we got you on
camera
okay
try to go up no no I'll call dad you
haven't yet we've been busy okay and
when we stop for a second I don't feel
comfortable being up here either it's
not a person Bridget okay
it was probably Felix this wait well
whatever
keep telling yourself that have a look
at this it's a baseball bat covered up
here okay Michael just close it all
right we gave you a chance to get out
wait somebody told me that these can't
open from the inside are you serious yes
matter of fact member the movie
Christmas vacation he gets trapped in
the Attic yeah who's gonna guide it
upwards it shot out of my hands okay
just on the off chance you can't open it
from the inside and it's a person what
if they're in the bathroom that would be
careful I'm gonna jump over this I mean
if it's a person maybe they had to pee
or something big mistake I know you're
in the shower I'm not checking that I
don't think anybody's in here Bridget be
careful Lucille
oh okay nobody's in here there's a dark
one directly behind you
we're just scaring ourselves
we just shut this closet door Bridget
why is that open act what you numbers
I'm sitting here trying to be ominous
let go let me sneak over there then
you'll go right to the open why is it
open I had that closed
maybe Felix how can you open that though
every day this is Felix yeah whatever
sure think they'll what I'm just scared
check this closet it's a guarantee
Michael this clause is huge there's
steps where you take the rustling room -
yeah this closet there's nothing maybe
we should have rolled out of doing it
yeah why was that move it is part of the
momentum yeah
oh my god
okay one left and if it's there's nobody
in there stop it's a demon there yeah
I'm not checking it
Oh get data check in you check yeah dad
your dad can check out our your check
I'm gonna going near it turn light off
let's go yeah I wanna I want to go back
down home don't share pumpkins oh just a
second I don't know we're scaring each
other watching counseling prep we're
getting creeped out why it's open Felix
what I'm thinking
call your dad last night was just last
night sucked
do you guys okay no like there's no
other way to say it last night was awful
it's the next morning you guys
you know I thought we were over all this
we had two days were nothing weird
happened and it seemed like life was
getting back to normal and maybe we were
scaring ourselves and maybe we were
overdoing it and maybe we were just like
I don't know but now this happened last
night and it ruined everything and I
couldn't sleep again last night and it's
just that's not important guys it's
morning and right now I am making us a
little bit of breakfast I told you
yesterday we had
and or diets we we can't just keep
eating and eating and eating and eating
unless that's the seventh because ii
want sauce is coming to mcdonald's but
that aside it's time to make a little
bit of breakfast almost dropped it
boom breakfast time okay i expected at
the open
the toast turned out perfect
whoa are you guys this is Bridget's
breakfast
there is only 300 calories in this Hall
play you guys way better than eating a
bowl of cereal this has turkey sausage
turkey bacon eggs with pico de gallo and
avocado and toast guys come on
this is way better than a bowl of cereal
it's time to get back on this like diet
thing cuz I'm tired of getting better
every day let's eat breakfast do you
think of it I think it looks amazing
this is eggs with pico de gallo and
avocado its Goods the Pico work yeah
it's good guys like I said there's only
a like 300 something calories in this
whole play there's like 400 almost 500
calories in a bowl of cereal it's like
yeah this is like way better and super
good way better well time for us to eat
breakfast you guys we got a lot to go do
today we're gonna go prank rand paul
with halloween spaghetti and I hope Doug
comes over so we can go up in the attic
let's see you're probably wondering why
suddenly it's nighttime after we just
got done eating breakfast the reason is
is there was an eclipse it is actually
about noon right now but there's no not
really
guys that's a lie obviously you would
have known about any clips guys the
reason that it's suddenly night is
because we just got back from Grandpa's
house pranking them guys I did the
Halloween spaghetti prank I told grandpa
that we got some spaghetti that was
cursed and a whole bunch of stuff
happened guys there's gonna be a trailer
before the end of this vlog that's what
happened I got blood here and it's all
over my face before we get out of here I
wanted to address some of the comments
that people are leaving in yesterday's
vlog it went up recently and I started
read in the comments can you one bar
hello yes there we go I started reading
the comments and the first one that kind
of freaked me out
was the fact that the ghost box wasn't
turning on while we were in the house
which is never done before and then it
would when we were outside guys if you
didn't see it I had a ghost box and I
was gonna go ghost hunting and it would
not turn no one in the house I put in
new batteries and it started working and
then it stopped working and then I came
out and it started working and that I
can't explain but somebody said that
could have been a demon like cutting off
the electromagnetic waves or whatever
and that freaked me like oh I have none
of that
so that's the first thing and the second
thing is people are saying if you look
at the attic and the vlog at one point
it's down or up and then I don't know I
got to go over a lot of people are
sending me this stuff we're gonna do
that in just a second I just wanted to
take them in and say thank you guys for
by taking the time to actually do that
for us it means everything that we have
you guys watching our back thank you so
much you seriously it's amazing really
appreciate it guys let's go do this like
I don't know what I would call
investigation let's get inside
came inside you guys to do that little
investigation but I wanted to just peek
up there for a second so I'm not going
up there
I just wanted to see if you can see or
hear anything sitting here reading lots
of comments from the vlog that we
uploaded today you guys and I wanted to
vet some of them number one is I read a
comment that somebody said you can see
up in the stairs at the beginning of the
vlog when Bridget is running from the
garbage and you can see that the Attic
is closed which would imply that happen
later so first before I read on to the
other stuff I'm gonna take a look at
that and we're gonna find out if it
wasn't that closed in the morning which
I assumed it was I think we would have
noticed but either way we're gonna check
it out right now
this was yesterday's vlog if you haven't
seen it check it out
with what let's just check it so right
here I'm chasing bridges with garbage
I'll be able do like a little play pause
action okay yeah you can see right there
oh yeah
perfect shot right there there is
nothing there so it definitely happened
like later in the day probably what's
this out that was the Halloween
spaghetti video playing by itself you
guys I don't know how that happened
while I'm viewing something else like
okay we why does weird stuff keep
happening guys that was the first clip
okay that was the first time you see the
Attic in the vlog but you do see it one
more time apparently when we get back
from the grocery store and it's closed
again so guys when we got was so when we
morning time it was closed give back it
was closed that implies that happened
while we were home let's check this out
I can't even tell if it's open virgin
look yeah that was open that's when we
got back from Walmart and Bridget that
puts more notice on this hold on this
part I'll help you just get the door
open
it just opened
so I in the vlog I said oh you must not
have locked it
oh my gosh so we get back and thing is
open and so is the attics at the same
time guys can we just stop messing
around with us and just get your dad
over here already
why didn't he come today he was working
I need your dad here I need something I
need to he's coming over really soon you
don't want to get the warm one yeah
you're supposed to eat your phone you
were supposed to eat it
