hey what's going on you guys I like this
step one if I gave a rose for everything
I put you through
you don't be a lot of roses you'd have a
roomful Rose a girl's here a mandingo
grandpas watching him burn chicken and
break tables and whatever the hell else
he does I'm gonna polish it up by grease
really burns get away from it I want to
record my blog right here getting burned
by the grease I will laughs so here I am
recording my blog on my hand over a pan
of hot grease getting splashed up right
now
so today I want to talk about when angry
grandpa flipped out over Marilyn Manson
remember that dad it was about 95 I
think
what I'm asking if you remember the time
you flipped out over Marilyn Manson yeah
now like you you like no you don't you
just say that per camera liar name one
song can't stand up by the fuckin the
year I think was 95 you can look this up
and find out it was 94 95 Marilyn Manson
was performing at like the MTV Music
Awards and Manson gets on the mic he's
like a tall going to heaven he says why
would you want to go to a place full of
a bunch of assholes and dad that second
just like that does it
Charlie he looks at my brother Charlie
go to your room take that out of your
guy jetmir the mantle poses and I never
want you listen to that dumb fuck again
Charles didn't listen
Charles kept the posters up about an
hour later dad's walking by trying to
pretend to be a father
your nerd goes okay was good a fuck to
sleep motherfucker so when he's walking
by the room he looks and he sees the
posters are still up first thing he does
is he takes his belt off second he takes
his belts are swinging it against the
walls ripping the posters off the wall
motherfuckers Pete that shit going to
hell motherfucker he's ripping the
posters off the wall then Charles stands
up and I guess at the time Charles slut
naked because Charlotte that's the date
back so Charles stands up and he's naked
in his bed and dad flips out again are
you sleeping naked huh stars beating the
shit out of him with the belt over and
over because he's sleeping naked Charles
was dancing in the corner his balls and
shit bouncing around dad is getting in
with the Bell so dad's got the Marilyn
Manson posters and he puts him in this
ball and he just shoves him in the bag
and he promises us that if we ever order
another Marilyn Manson CD if we ever
have another Marilyn Manson poster or
sure he's going to rip it off us off the
wall out of the CD player and he's going
to destroy it and he lived by that he
did two years later I ordered a mail a
Manson CD through one of those penny
things it comes in the mail he opens up
the package whatever I don't know why he
opens at the box pulls item element CD
smashes it and give me the rest of the
CDs
man I'm bitter here yeah I'm in fan
taking the mouse again you might goddamn
mouth it's harder - I'm taking your
mouse
give a goddamn knife I could get to plug
up the house please
