can be on a camera here I wanted to talk
about something that I thought was funny
and our dad didn't think it was that
funny at the time
I want to talk about our first
appearance on truTV now the idea is they
were going to show a collage of angry
grandpa clips and they brought the
cameras they wanted us to find a way to
get dad to blow up on camera dad talking
do you remember when truTV came out and
interviewed you the first time yeah
the truTV people they were begging us
find a way to get your old man to blow
up on camera so I had to eat at him all
day over that girl got bad yes that's
what I'm telling now so the people are
setting up their cameras and stuff and
they're like you're gonna get a mad
so I'm messing with dad all day I'm
saying shit to him anything I do to just
get under his skin and then finally he
gets on camera and he's talking and I
used the line I said hey dad I think
they got to use a wide-angle lens on you
yeah good and dad blows look at mother
fucka I'm trying to do my truTV
interview he blows up he starts
screaming he flips the table as he's
walking out of the room I'm happy please
who's gonna be mad about now this total
story I'm in my happy place dad looks
mean let me tell you something fuck you
don't you don't you a head of a so we
did this we did it I made him pissed off
I made him blow his lid and I'll be
damned if the people who were begging me
to get him to get pissed off in the
first place more pissed off at us for
getting them pissed off
they weren't talking to us they were
said they were packing up other cameras
and shit and we're like so did we get
what you wanted they go yeah I'm like no
because she would even talk she was she
was scared they were here for about six
hours they had their cameras set up us
up they didn't even say goodbye
they packed their shit they hauled ass
that was it they would think I would
they wanted but I guess this is not what
they expected I guess the guy didn't
watch the videos before he came and
decided interviewer oh God
Fuzzy's her roar ship enough tired man
so find a home I'm like the goddamn bull
we work
yeah anger boss losing his trailer by
the way why my laughing about that I
know I'm gonna have to move in with you
look it we'll figure something out for
you I leave originally so you guys movie
with y'all
I wouldn't let I wouldn't like to be
harmless if you need a place you know
you gotta get real you can't live with
them you can't live with it why not for
what then you took bullshit your eyes
are brown
oh you got oh babe if you go make me
sleep in the street little things you a
bitch I would let him stay at our house
we have an extra we have an extra room
obviously we have a second room you
could stay with you Michael there's no
we dad's got a bed
he's got a bed there no Bridget oh my
god is not aa thing she got me a goddamn
thing all these right here betta obvious
I'm not gonna obviously let Dad be
homeless
maybe we have an extra room he will stay
far stays over damn we would let him
stay with us Michael we can't afford a
motel
we can also afford to let him stay in
our extra bedroom you obviously would
stay with us thank you Michael
so that was the first time that we were
on truTV with it what are we talking
about our I can't believe you were done
that you know what we stable juju out
how much about you let me anywhere
there's no room
but I did bring it all again
you
