going you guys kid behind a camera here
I just got back from the optometrist and
got my eyes davil dilated let's see if
he could see oh that burns that's bad
okay poor me apparently I had really
shit vision apparently like I'm seem
like a dog with rabies and herpes gone
alright you know what the eye exam you
have like rows of letters to read he
couldn't read the letters that were this
big and they were bold and he was saying
like an F s was a P and that was without
the things around his face but then went
the things around his face with the lens
he was able to see it and I just didn't
realize it was that bad that's bad so my
vision was terrible
that's old status that's worse than your
dad no it isn't yeah that is so I'm
wearing contacts now I can actually see
things a tree it looks like a tree and
I'm on way to grandpa's house right now
you can see my beautiful sexy thing I'm
here at the bank Hey what yes yes
interested we're just gonna make it
about her
it is about me I can't be vain I don't
know how I look in this right now cuz my
eye can't see anything
my music I've been holding it to my face
yeah you okay so I'm gonna go I'm at the
bank I got to put this thing down I look
like a terrorist or something so I'm
putting the camera down now subscribe
subscribe to me like and go fire that
teacher who was making fun of the
autistic kid Hey
describe to me subscribe I make videos
Avenger I promise she might I will so I
gotta go let's take one more good look
my eye
see it looks extra dilated or anything
okay later guys subscribe favorite all
that stuff like like me and stuff yeah
you
