Kibby on a camera here angry grandpa
just finished watching that hot problems
what do you think about those girls dead
and whores them whores Brigitte see
Brigitte actually likes a song I'm sure
like this song Brigitte like let me tell
you what happened alright the last part
of the song like last minute it's all
chorus and it really makes me laugh so
because I laugh at it and ivory listen
to it
he thinks my favorite song no it's not I
bet you know every word of that song oh
you think
oh you better go for it sing it I don't
know it you do know it sing it I don't I
just I really think it's funny so I keep
laughing at it is we're just favorite
song I'm pretty sure in the next week or
so it's gonna be her ringtone it's not
what if her phone can handle doing
ringtones Bridget loves hot girl
problems
it's her new favorite song in the world
the name oh you would know what is it
it's called a hot problems I think
what's the name of the group hot girls
she knows she's trying to be shy right
now should I be sly like she doesn't
know is double-take even I knew and I've
seen it why I knew it too I think a
thank you a grandpa's favorite saw him
too now the biggest ringtone yes fucked
up dude goddamn real whores don't do it
again
what you gonna do it again poor man
so I'm gonna leaving a grand plot to
listen to his new favorite song by
double take hot girl problems
Oh Bridget had to throw a laugh because
it's not the title what is it Bridget no
I'm laughing at the song pretty much to
do it like a fist pump right now go for
it they can't be pain I'm a happy girl a
happy world and you two fucking whore
splat you're right you made it perfect
let you goddamn little motherfuckin
studies slut ease I got a job me off we
just goddamn street walking up here I'll
be your fucking mister
I swear I'll brother watch Roberto
Roberta Flack are you serious yeah
Angra ponds new favorite song is
double-take hot girl problems fucking
double tape no JD hands off my fucking
house
alright I'm going to leave fingerprints
new song singer dad fist pump
well hot guys got problems too and I go
through but I'm not gonna sing about
them so I'm gonna go now subscribe all
that shit
why subscribe to me don't do that
subscribe to Bridget don't do that not
coming out sir I'm serious don't do it
oh I'm just kidding
subscribe to Bridget Jones
god damn thing oh there
