Kippy on camera here and your grandpa
just shaved his face I don't know why
anything to say dad not about there you
put a single front what what thing
oh yeah hey leave me leave me I'm uh
pretty sure I'm being I'm gonna
photobomb now no come on
there
then you might run across every normal
season oh my god
ooh what well what would I want to see
Nanao did Nick pick okay I was just
looking through Gregor grandpa's photos
and he stopped me and he taught what you
were there you saw how do i zoom this
thing make sure I don't send the wrong
thing and I don't see the wrong thing
share Oh how'd you do that it was right
there the bottom how'd you get it
messaging what's her name I did give it
okay sure that I should have assumed
okay you don't hear because it you got
to do individual for messaging type her
name
so she'll pop up I don't even want to
know what how many other kind of photos
he's been texting around whoa but I'll
do that got crap hanging her plus was
sexting and I think he's pretty serious
about it
i'ma zoom in on him here while he sex
the picture of himself you stop all that
crap a mere Paul's new and Bagan
technology and I'm pretty sure he's
sexting right now
I don't sext you know you need to look
up the dangers of sexting
I don't sext you need to stop by crap a
girl has been sexting for a while now
yeah Bridget huh give Bridget sexting
maybe that maybe that's what you didn't
want me to see she'd probably be candy
ah man
hey yeah she doing married a fella
oh go for it buddy I'll put that fucking
thing on the Internet
I lied bell
no one should try to shake trim up my
nose huh yeah you probably holding your
phone up next to it getting ready to
send a picture you didn't get Bridget
and your grandpa does not like to be
accused of sexting so I'm gonna continue
to do so your phone is so riddled with
sex pictures it is not I mean there's I
bet there's a picture of dad on all
fours on his bed with a finger in it hey
that look Bridget wearing a hard work
shirt are you in the hog works today bye
do you ran by shutting on the way out
Morgan please all right let's leave
daddy yeah whoa let's leave that take
his pictures you got you gotta bust that
when I go away with that noise yeah if
you want if you want to know how to take
some good angles and stuff up when we
get off this video I'll tell you how to
get some video surely no true she got a
job about three camps calm ah you know
what that site is something else that's
where you made yours
no so we're leaving in your Grandpa's
now by five I go bye Bridget bye yeah
have fun be careful in that bed because
it's old and when you're on all fours
like that you can hurt your knees
goodbye Michael
give up
