never ever months kid behind a camera
here we just pranked angry grandpa into
thinking he's going to a nursing home
Harvard Poland he's really actually go
yeah Dom we found the worst one we could
find
that's the one Lewis is like under like
the Bayou and shit you can I lose it I
know I feel like I'm in a ghetto and
Rand Paul goes to the angle Grampa goes
a nursing home in the ghetto indicated
no one fighting me you read me crying so
angry grandpa thinks or thought let me
ask you a question yes you're really
goes digging there's no one day
well you're 16 you ain't won yet my hair
oh maybe Joey right
we'll make sure is not a doll
please make sure it goes from six to
your women old women yellow make sure
okay so it worked he thought it was
going to a nursing home it worked out
better than I thought it would work
actually I'm beat your ass to so angry
grandpa thought he was going to a
nursing home happy Easter happy Easter
dad fuck you subscribe just love to me
subscribe bridge West you don't wanna go
there anymore I got down here subscribe
Grandpa's corner how about that promoted
you down you leave me alone I don't wear
what you subscribe like favorite comment
talk shit GI different to us again yeah
subscribe to bridge West twice so I'm
subscribing and subscribe again and
that's it
I eat beyond dad shut fuck up you happy
fuck you mad fuck you I'm guessing
you're happy
fuck you you can't tell if he's happy or
mad that's how he acts always fuck you
anyway subscribe that's anger grandpa
get your hands off me
this was the nursing-home prank Wow
