what's going on you guys I decided that
I'm gonna give you the story anyway the
one that dad wouldn't not be telling his
room I look out my room now oh I would
John tomorrow it is the time that we
were all jumping on anger grandpa's bed
so I was about five we had my brother
Charles he was about nine my sister Kim
was about seven my sister Jennifer was
eight now yeah mom and dad fucked a lot
before theirs but they used to fuck all
the time and had a bunch of kids in a
short amount of time so one day it was
all four of us we were jumping up and
down on anger grandpa's bed we're just
yay jumping my sister Jennifer is in the
corner of the room just jumping hey not
paying any attention not listening to
anything was the door stopper not paying
attention to us because as we're jumping
up and down we're here we're doing good
dude what a fuck is that
we knew grandpa was coming so we all
scatter I jump off one direction Charles
jumps off into another direction
Kim jumps off into another direction Kim
I think crawls underneath the bed like
nuzzles herself in her garbage like some
weasel or something she just hides
herself under the trash and there's
Jennifer come on guys let's jump yeah
she kept jumping until anger grandpa's
behind her and grabbed her by the hair
mid-jump we're doing my goddamn baby now
you little thing so he got Jennifer then
it was the hunt for the rest of us
because he was fucking pissed so he's
looking under couches checking closets
and he couldn't fucking find us you know
why I couldn't find us cuz we were
running halfway up the fucking Street
I don't think there's a moral to the
story so much as I'm saying when you
hear get the fuck out of the room
because you know you're not supposed to
be jumping on the bed anyway Jennifer
