please leave a message after the column
oh hi mr. crane my name is Tom Marshall
I'm calling from Comcast we're we're
seeing that you have a delinquent
payment you haven't paid your bill in
over three months we need that we need
to get to the bottom of this sir your
your bill needs to be paid and we're
probably going to come down and cut you
off we really do need you to come pay
your bill though mr. green okay now we
can't send the police
we know you're angry grandpa we know
you're using our internet service to
upload horrible horrible disgusting
videos on the computer and we can we can
call the police over that sir don't
worry about all that noise I'm actually
on my way to your house um we know who
you are and we're probably going to come
to your home in a rescue in a few
moments if that bills not paid thank you
mr. green goodbye so that was me leaving
an anger grandpa phone message she
called me back all I wanted to do is
test out this whole speaker over the
radio thing
while they go dad Comcast gonna arrest
you for being angry grandpa how does it
stop raining right after that message is
finished all these good here's Noah
phone cat just call mama for us to me
don't be the Guardian bronies they got
this on my videos that darn many grandpa
what do you need back ok I'm killing
your First Amendment
I don't you mean us fucking christ yeah
I think I think God gasps don't go
threat me go bring the protein smiles
puzzle together I think they can God am
I gonna do that I need to know there's
time yeah they can god damn it you don't
give up that ass your little pastors
taught me French at what is it what do
they say I hate fucking Comcast
oh hey fuck you Comcast Michael okay are
you going
