yeah um I don't like the look of a black
box and I think you should open it
outside Michael open it outside I'm just
curious
you don't know what that is or trash it
what is oh man what Michael
what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here right now and today is
Tuesday guys today is Tuesday and today
I am in a very good Felix get out of
that you think he thinks like a litter
box no we're gonna cook macaroni in that
thing yeah if he would have taken a poop
in that pan I would her like okay that's
a sign no macaroni yeah right yeah that
would be like him trying to save our
life Oh
were you gonna cover yeah today is
Tuesday and you guys I am in a very good
mood because last night I got some sleep
yeah
seriously if you haven't been following
along in the vlogs you guys we heard a
loud noise upstairs come on I know
you're up there come on out I got a gun
I promise you I'm gonna start firing it
we didn't know what it was so we
searched the house and the pool house
I'm scared
last time that do you need help oh no
actually I got the door what water put
my hand to the Glock good light is on
what I don't know who left that light on
you guys it was insane it was scary but
last night I got a good night's sleep
and I'm nope
seriously great mood well good for you
but I think it goes turned it on tied
one on the polite house that was
probably latter Louis probably a wiring
thing no I come on
today is Tuesday and tonight we're gonna
be doing a little bit of cooking and
that's it good to know
we're not doing that like we're gonna
find out for haunted guys Bridget wants
to piece together all the clips of all
the weird stuff that's happening that's
yeah that's gonna be later I don't want
to talk about it
now I just I want to stay in a good
optimistic mood today is Tuesday and
hopefully we're not on it
I don't not before we do anything else
you guys and we're gonna be doing some
cooking and all that stuff before we do
any of that we wanted to take a minute
to just go through some of the evidence
that you guys have been sending us on
the fact that we may be haunted now I
want to put it out there right now I
don't believe in ghosts no I hate part
of me is optimistic that an afterlife
exists okay I would love that are you
kidding me
I would love this to prove it to me okay
but it hasn't yet but I do want to go
over some of the stuff that you guys
have sent a lot of people are sending a
lot of stuff now guys this isn't
everything there are knots and bumps and
voices and like reflections and all this
stuff that we can't get because we don't
know where to look but this is some of
the stuff that we were able to find so
the first instance is a door shutting
behind me this goes back a few months
ago you guys I was standing back here
talking about I think we're talking
about having guns in the house actually
and the door shut we got a couple of
guns and okay
and now the first thing you're probably
saying is that was Felix obviously right
but it wasn't it wasn't Felix we looked
and Felix was actually in the other room
if it was him he would have locked
himself into that room so it could not
have been feelings so I don't know watch
each other the door was open the whole
time and then it shut like I don't get
it we got another door instance guys and
this one happens right up there right
beside the frickin right there this was
the day grandpa came over here to go
swimming you guys and this bathroom door
shut
I'm scared okay come on what do you
think I'm scared I'm scared too but
we're gonna show it guys this was the
blog anger grandpa goes swimming if
there's any spirits in our house please
speak now if there's any spirits in our
house I don't know how else to explain a
door up there closing by itself how many
times can I blame Felix I blame feelings
pole in the Attic down I blame Felix for
shutting that door blame them for that
door eventually you gotta say it's not
Felix and I don't know what the problem
is now the next instance I'm going to
show you guys it's actually from
Grandpa's house now this is we hear a
voice say I am 11 and then the boy says
leave I think you're doing a great job
thank you now these next two instances
you guys are a matter of EVP which is
electronic voice phenomenon which is the
idea that one an electronic recording
device you can pick up voices kind of
like a Laster the one that said I'm 11
and to leave guys these are instances
that I can explain now one of them is
possibly me but I've reviewed the
footage so many times and my mouth isn't
moving so unless I'm a ventriloquist I
don't know I hear the word mic
it says mic and it was for months and
months ago and nobody's ever sent this
to me this is one that I noticed on
myself nobody's ever seen it this is
from an unboxing video months and months
ago when I'm pulling out a bag it says
Mike check this out alias investigations
I don't know what this is I want to hear
all more time to you guys because it's
terrifying me just as Mike yeah alias
investigations like I don't know what
this is I don't know how else to explain
that when you guys now that's not it
there's one with Bridget from over here
where I don't know what it's saying but
it's something she's in the middle of
screaming in the club and behind her
screen
you hear some sort of like grunt or like
it's definitely a voice I don't know
what it's saying but check this out I
don't want to do this anymore okay I
don't know I don't know how to explain
this stuff this is starting to mount up
and I don't like it
we got two more instances and then I'm
done guys these are instances where we
see full figures in the house both of
them where one vlog number one was when
I was in Orlando and Bridgette was in
the bedroom remember that yeah there was
like a full shadow of like yeah check
this out alright guys so currently the
lights don't work and I think this
should be enough
I don't have an explanation for it the
second is the most terrifying because
ice to this day don't know if it was a
human or something else this was the
creepiest one today check this out I
don't even like talking about this right
now you guys but the main reason that
I'm doing is a lot of people are saying
like oh you're just doing this because
it's October bro I've been doing it in
January and July and March October thing
is there is no time limit on a ghost
showing up in your house right so if
this is a ghost he don't care that it's
October no I don't think he's like oh
wow this is this is ghost bump right so
like this has been happening since we
moved in here the day we moved in I was
sitting here and I heard a voice
I swore was Bridgette and she swears it
wasn't it was not me you asleep yeah I
walked in and she was asleep I'm still
gonna swear that it was her you heard it
over by your office yeah but the
acoustics in this house like voices
carry around I don't believe that I
think you're just making that part up
look I'm good I don't know how to
explain it I really don't know what to
make of all that you guys like I knew
that you know we've had a lot of like
ghost instances and stuff since we moved
in but seeing that montage and knowing
that there's even more that we didn't
include in it is really that does not
sit well with me like there's stuff that
we didn't even film you know there's
been times we wake up in the middle of
the night not I thought someone's like
whispering into my ear and I wake up
stuff like that but seeing you know
doors closing and voices and knowing
that there's more that I didn't even
include in the montage because we
couldn't find it it's just more than I
was expecting
I don't think somebody broke into the
house anymore
I don't think somebody broke into the
pool house anymore I just think that I
don't believe in ghosts either so I
don't know what else to say that it is I
feel like I'm just sort of like trying
to talk myself off the ledge so to speak
because like I really don't know what
else to say what else to do
so oh no come on there's a spider you
guys what's going on here right now
Bridget and I are doing a little bit of
cooking and I wanted to get interactive
with it a little bit let's let them try
to guess what you're yeah guys I am
making something can you guess what it
is here's your big hint yes that's it
are you just not into like cooking
anymore are you talking about your did
not like that montage there's more
instances even I remember yeah I know
two-minute like bad signs well I mean I
still want to cook I don't you to ruin
not that I'm fine bruschetta why are you
been filming this I just wanted to sit
here for a minute
you did the boiling water scene well
film you oh you making macaroni whatever
hey Bridget don't use the same man guys
can guess where I'm makin it starts with
an M Oh give me the camera
folks look see I don't want to get the
wrong idea you guys I don't want you to
think that there was a like a roach in
my unopened coca-cola bottle this is
Bridget's fault because she took my
drink outside
not my fault wolves are doing outside I
don't know Michael it's your drink
I don't walk outside so what was it
doing in there why would you walk
outside and get it drink anyway because
it was out there I walked outside to
talk with you and the drink was sitting
there
you took my drink outside that was from
the other night what that drink where's
my drink then I don't know but that was
from him the other night
what that wasn't even my drink your
drink
no that was my drink no no that was not
a dream that I know how long that was
been outside
oh he was a coke it was a diet coke
wasn't it
where's the talk to the girl from why
are you joking oh dude I drink what you
said what else was then there's my
question three ball you're gonna fog
that lens up so far so good genius okay
so do you want these noodles like al
dente or maybe like a spot before al
dente okay because they are gonna
continue to cook in the other but you
don't want to Mike harder yeah I don't
them hard and I definitely know them
over cut really now
that's way too many come on how many are
you gonna do oh boy just coming in my
hand dude okay oh wait if fogged this is
what I told you okay do what are you
just give it to me yeah just give me the
news are you okay
almost all right are you good and I
really do do that with anger I didn't in
this vlog we are gonna show you how to
make authentic southern style macaroni
and cheese yeah you know up in New York
the northerners have their own version
of macaroni cheese which is like that
wet like box style that you get in the
stores now I'm not saying that they like
the Box macaroni cheese I'm just saying
they like to melt butter and make a roux
and add a cheese sauce and I'm okay with
that too but this is southern style
baked macaroni and cheese if you ever
get a chance try it first step was what
you just saw boiling the noodles don't
burn your own hands now let's go to step
two what is step two you're doing it
right now oh this oh no aww spawned um
right now we were pouring the noodles
back into the pot because Michael gave
me the wrong stuff yeah no I did not
actually my idea originally and this was
not it's easier to stir okay cover this
lens I'm tired of it first step two eggs
I mean that's actually step three
salt season to taste pepper pepper to
taste
butter butter to taste then he stirred
stir to taste 1 pound of seeds unless
you need more than will add more pounds
of cheese yes unless you need more right
now we have added 1 pound of these cubed
cheddar cheeses I think we need more I
think we need more - boom and that's it
you guys authentic southern style mac
and cheese this is it what stays let's
taste it
eita good good okay this thing has eggs
in it you've gotta bake it that was not
it okay she's heartworms so how much
condensed milk my having her um until
you see it coming up on the sides okay
guys this is British recipe so but it's
good I swear by it we may need more
condensed milk I don't know yet we are
put this in the oven as is now before
it's done we actually are gonna take it
out and put more cheese over the top
yeah so this ship I'll check on in 20
minutes 20 minutes every 20 minutes a
child
southern style baked mac and cheese yeah
what was that dance I just did I don't
know but let's see it again okay Bridget
let's cut into this chicken chicken
macaroni and cheese I'm told you're not
into anything
Oh Michael enjoy that night because we
were only having macaroni and cheese for
dinner I say we just didn't really feel
like going crazy I'm like chicken or
mashed potatoes or anything I'm sorry I
got to show this point I know it's so
beautiful
this is it oh my god oh my gosh ready
for this yes I'm so ready for do they be
good we were officially starting our
diets tomorrow you guys yes we said it
last week but then a whole bunch of
stuff happened you know those kind of
stop by so you definitely are going back
from the times I got to go to New York
City at the end of the month I got a
drop weight before Paul Heyman sees me I
don't want to be like Mike on gotta have
a conversation with you so I don't want
that to happen like I lose a little bit
of weight start back tomorrow
tonight reading this that is a good
looking play yes yes it is
are you filming yes guys we just got a
package in the mail okay and I honestly
have no idea what this is yeah um I
don't like the look of a black box and I
think you should open it outside Michael
open it outside I'm just curious
you don't know what that is or trash it
what is oh oh man what Michael
what is that a custom Friday the 13th
controller who sent us this this hit
that that is so cool from custom
controls I have heard of this guy oh wow
bro they got the buttons as like bullets
and stuff oh dude who sent this who
could have sent this I don't know but
that is really cool Oh would be this
generous to send us something like this
for no reason I don't understand this
yeah I mean thank you whoever I mean
seriously Wow
I just got confirmation who sent this
package you guys the guy sent me a text
message and he asked if I God are you
ready for this I'm ready for those guess
who sent it hell keemstar
really keemstar sent us dude that is the
best team you are the man greatest
youtuber of all time good guy team why
did he said that he's he's if you don't
know I am in his ad pocalypse video game
and he was saying thank you for being in
the game and he sends us this customed
cuz we play Friday the 13th with
keemstar on ps4 and I guess he knows we
love the game so keen dude that you're
the best dude that's what is so cool oh
my god I Steve I'm sitting you wonder
like who sent us this you're the man
thank you so much seriously shocked
thank you I love you so much too
seriously
I think cover all right before we get
out of here you guys I want to set a
reminder to all of you that I started a
reaction channel and if you want to
subscribe
the link is below yesterday was in the
comments I forgot to put it in the
description but guys you can subscribe
to that channel below it is called the
forgot foresee action over reactions so
guys subscribe to it right now we are
going to be putting up a video really
soon it's got 10
thousands of guys seriously 10,000
subscribers in the first few hours it
was mind-blowing
I don't know if we can get any bigger
than that but thank you guys for
subscribing we will be doing some
reaction videos let's do this out
tomorrow I'm so excited
outro well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching we've got a
very special surprise from keemstar
we've made macaroni and cheese and we
went over the overwhelming evidence that
a ghost is all up in here oh so it's
finally a ghost to you I'm saying maybe
ok uh you said it's a definite ghost how
does something else we talked about how
about the fact that you were gonna
balding else raises hey guys
bridges hair was so greasy yesterday
that she look like she was going
completely bald it still is and I
haven't taken a shower yet guys ok is
this some totally hair product you need
like what what is it like wonder what we
need to get for you ok I'm not really
going bald it's just do anything we have
to address this guys let's talk about
the fact that I'm going bald anyway well
if you are if you are will invest in
some good wigs guys get out of here
thanks for watching
I can't lose my hair not this my hair
was not even I don't have gray hair you
don't want to put this in the universe -
you will stop talking about that ok like
that scares me it's out the universe now
the universe is like how do we check the
universe you can't come on
they are the universe ok it's not
talking about like favorite come on man
invest come on
we're so dark
okay stop or humoristic guys Mike joined
entire this this is no that's it
you
