what's going on you guys I just wanted
to talk to you guys real quick about the
Kony 2012 project now I'm sure most of
you have already seen it the thing has
like 7 million views and that's really
good I'm glad it's able to take off I'm
one of the sheep who started watching it
this morning who only found it today but
I don't think that means we care any
less about the movement just because
we're only now following it people have
been saying oh your sheeps your sheep
will you you only cared until today you
saw Blood Diamond well you know we
didn't know about this stuff not
everybody knew about the stuff that's
going on until recently I didn't know
for those of you who don't know the link
is below check it out it's a video going
around about the atrocities in Uganda by
the hands of a man named Joseph Kony
he's abducting raping killing it's it's
terrible he needs that they need the
support to take this guy to justice so
it's a big movement join the movement
donate if you can buy the kit do what
you can donate a couple of dollars a
month and you get the kit for free I
just order the kit and I donate it
because I'd like to try as much as I can
to help I'd like more people to help but
I know not everybody can help so you
can't help by sharing the video
spreading it around sending it wherever
you can just go watch the video the full
30 minutes just sit down watch it and be
informed I guess you could say be
informed enjoy it
and that's it Kony 2012 let's do the
thumbs up support the movement here's
the logo
