let's go on you guys as you can see I'm
pretty emotional um so I just finished
watching dads vlog and they really put a
lot of shit and perspective you know
he's right we should apologize but the
shit we've done you know the fucking
pranks and bugs it words one day he's
gonna be gone and oh my god is he's
fuckin videos you know despite shit you
see the fighting the shit I have a
really good relationship with my father
you know it he may blow his top a few
times but it's always good afterwards it
apologizes fine you know he's right we
should all say we're sorry
you think I'm not I yeah it's
embarrassing to be crying go camera to
even upload this because I know people
gonna make fun of me everybody it
fucking hates me as it is and I don't
give a shit you know I don't care what
the fuck think about me but I care a lot
about my father
despite all the pranks and so dad I am
sorry for shit I put you through
I've done a lot of shit pranks with the
shits um there's a lot of shit that
wasn't on camera that I put you through
I haven't been the best son so that I'm
Paula I wanted to apologize on camera
you apologize the camera I think more
people should you I Love You Man I do
love you dad and I'm I am I'm leaving
your house soon and that shit makes me
sad cuz who knows what could happen
something happen to you and I will be
there there is that have it left yet
so hard to deal with I'm sorry but I do
love you so
unsubscribe to me cuz I'm doing this I
just wanted to apologize and and I'm you
know after this I know you're still
gonna be just as angry you're still
gonna throw shit around you know you're
still gonna be the asshole that you are
but does that mean that I love you any
less
so bye
she wanted to tell you dad then I love
you
we're down goddamn what are you talking
about man want to tell you I love you
yeah I love you too get away you know
what you took I didn't take anything I
didn't take anything you do some you owe
me you got me tickets under my MA was
telling you I loved you mister couple
