what's going on you guys keep banning
camera here you can hear him grande pond
there because he's like on his radio
show right now I am here because I'm
going to give away an Incan grandpa's
shirt here within the next week I'm
gonna go ahead and give one to somebody
here's what you got to do all you got to
do to win the Anglin grandpa's shirt is
download this the anger grandpa
soundboard you download the soundboard
okay so download the soundboard this
thing talks a lot so you go download the
soundboard it's available for Android
right now you download the soundboard
and you make a video of you using it now
I don't want you to just be like look at
this I want you to like do something
with it make a prank call I'll oh fuck
with somebody with it I don't care what
you do but do something with the
soundboard send me the video add it as a
response whatever you want and one of
those people I'm gonna choose you I'm
gonna give you one of the anger
grandpa's shirts just tell me your size
we got small medium large extra-large 2
X 3 X 4 X 5 X we got 5 X we sold out of
5 X shirts last night we had to buy more
we got 5 X we got every size so make the
video i'm gonna choose somebody to win
it and that's it
the anger grandpa's soundboard by Kent
games don't get the bootleg one that
isn't us and doesn't even look good or
cool because this one your there's gonna
be updates so these aren't all the
sounds that's gonna be on it we're gonna
be adding sounds as they come it's not
available for Apple yet we're still
waiting for approval from Apple to
accept that we had to make new sounds
just for Apple because we had too much
cussing in it so pretty soon it should
be available for Apple we're ready for
it but right now an Android download it
okay I hear you so the angular grandpa
soundboard
use it
