what's going on you guys so as you all
know or you will know where you do know
whatever it is Davy Jones of the Monkees
died today
cheer up sleepy gene anyway forget that
I wanted to talk about a story involving
Davy Jones with angry grandpa and
grandma this story is about the episode
of The Brady Bunch that Davy Jones was
in and I feel kind of awkward holding
this camera walking to the neighborhood
because people have been robbed so I
need to hear truck so mom was home from
work for like two days straight and what
she'll do is fit on the couch and just
watch reruns of all these shows she
can't stop watching them she'll watch
good times and she'll watch The Brady
Bunch in Little House on the Prairie
over and over and over and over the same
episode she's done seen it a hundred
times so on comes the episode of The
Brady Bunch
where Marshall promised everybody at her
school that Davy Jones to sing at her
prom or whatever the hell it was the
school dance whatever that's what I'm
talking about
whatever that is me pretty sure we're
gonna get it rigid dad is fed up by now
it's like seven o'clock it's going on
day two of mom watching the same shit
over and over she's had a no TV land all
day and dad's just looks at her turned
her goddamn motherfuckin TV up cuz I
don't give a goddamn about the
motherfucking Brady's mom doesn't
respond she never does she'll just sit
there and watch TV and ignore him hey so
can you hear me so he starts calling her
like a dog hey bitch he's like you've
heard that goddamn TV to a guy turn it
off this goes on for about five minutes
now mum's missing the episode I'm sure
by now Davy Jones has already had the
brady household number he's drooling
over him and shit so dad decides to grab
the remote
change the channel while I was watching
it this doesn't sit well with her he
grabs his glass of tea and pours it into
the back of the TV set and over here
sparks and daegil ah you got get fucking
back
dad unplug the TV you good damn stupid
bitch and she goes well don't fuck with
me when I'm watching TV so that day we
go out we buy a new television set that
mom utilizes to watch more episodes of
The Brady Bunch
never stopped she never stopped doing it
dad never stopped bitching about it it's
just a cycle of shit and okay if I die
here on video I want this posted on some
Sun
