what's going on you guys last time we
talked I was telling you about anger
grandpa's restaurant that had in
Smiley's flea market whatever the fuck
it's called now he had enough Smiley's
flea market now I'm going to tell you
about the time DHEC showed up so we
found out that DHEC was going to show up
at the restaurant and those of you don't
know DHEC is the place that comes and
it's the Department of Health they come
and check the restaurant make sure
everything is clean and good and the
restaurant wasn't it wasn't clean it's
not that the restaurant was filthy but
it wasn't clean had they would come in
they would have given us like a C or
some shit so we get a call we had just
set up the restaurant within like the
month so DHEC decided they were going to
come give us the inspection usually DHEC
give surprise inspections but this time
we had to call ahead and set it up
because we had just opened up the
restaurant
so dad figures are going to be there by
3 o'clock so we have this big lunch rush
and this fuckin restaurant is totaled at
one point apart there was an extra
cheeseburger basket and dad didn't know
who it belonged to
so I come up with a bright idea why
don't just give it to somebody out there
dad has something he does when you say
something so asinine to him that he
can't believe you said it he looked at
you and he says hell no shit no fuck no
goddamn no and he takes it without
batting an eyelash with a smile on his
face he's Prayer preparing another
burger he tosses it
he underhand tosses it to the back door
in it boom hits the back door and
splatters every fucking where then it
comes to about 2:30 no good Murphy's
gonna be here like 30 minutes goddamn so
he decides he's gonna start cleaning
then Oh with rubbish it down let's get
it ready let's go and that's when the
guy who owned the flea market comes up
and says you know you're responsible for
the bathrooms if you got this you got
the restaurant we didn't know this
apparently if you own the restaurant of
the flea market you are
so responsible for cleaning the
bathrooms at the flea market we didn't
know that I don't know if it's like that
everywhere but it was like that in this
flea market and that is a bus and it's
loud now there's a jet it seems that
everything wants to be super loud when I
want to tell my story so this guy is
gonna be here in the next ten minutes
and dad go goddamn girl my boys now go
their bathroom good spotless it gives me
this fucking mop and I'm like uh okay
and I'm looking for the cleaning
supplies and Bell started to roll around
on the grass so I had to film her Ellie
will roll around on the grass again it
was super cute so the DHEC employee
shows up and it was a woman so the first
thing dad tries to do usually use a
little bit of that his sexual whatever
the hell he would call it try to use the
owner he look real nice today ma'am and
she wasn't having it she look like a
fucking Dyke I don't know what she was
she was carrying the clip or she's hmm
and so she starts walking around the
restaurant and shit
dad was already getting on her nerves
cadabra's dad was trying to make excuses
for everything
oh dude the grease on the band is from I
I just made a hamburger for you for you
got a man and she just looks at it so
the restaurant itself man why is it so
the restaurant got an a surprisingly I
was pretty shocked actually I don't know
if dad's seduction powers worked on her
or not but she gave us an a she wanted
to happy with that bathroom bathroom was
fucking disgusting I guess the moral of
the story is ain't grandpa doesn't know
how to clean a bathroom or run a
restaurant
