don't on you guys no seatbelt first
thing I wanted to say is we just gave
England got by his computer back since
you've seen the video about four hours
went by and I decided I would give it
back so I just wanna give him a few
hours off the thing really I don't care
if he's on the computer I just wanted to
get him back for spitting in that food
it was really gross actually
so I have some pranks I have yet all
right that's why she had you all right
we're by people on a car
now she's kissed me so I have some
pranks planned oh yeah now this is the
first time I'm going to do this because
I want to make sure that my plans are
the best and I'm not gonna say my plans
on camera because I know his facebook
frames that watch my videos are gonna
send it to him Oh Michaels gonna do this
just like the must destroy off somebody
sent him the link and told him about it
so I can't tell you guys what I have
planned but I got three really good
pranks now send me some prank ideas that
would then I legally can do that I'm not
gonna go to jail for performing as in
don't tell me to stab my father
oh you kill him yeah because I'm not
gonna do nothing like that how you turn
this off now he that we just pulled up
to the gas station because I'm not gonna
do anything like that but if you send me
a reasonable prank idea that I can do to
anger grandpa I'll credit you for it and
I'll do it is it as long as it's really
good so post below let me know some good
prank ideas something that I can do to
angry grandpa within reason as in don't
tell me to kill him or something that
involves me spending $15,000 just tell
me something that I can do that would
piss and grandpa off and for the first
time I'm gonna use one of your ideas I
clean my car oh yeah she cleaned her car
so back to the prank thing I'm here to
vacuum if I use your prank idea I'll
credit you
and I'll think of something else maybe
get you an English grandpa's shirt or
something but anyway send me your ideas
subscribe or naked pictures of Michael
you're gonna get naked pictures of me
subscribe to me Bridget west princess
subscribe to my channel subscribe to me
why I don't know what liking it does but
like it anyway like it favourite it and
share it like that shit do all that
favorite that shit share that shit do
that so send me your ideas and keep
watching I guess yeah that's not a fuck
you describe to all of us
