what's going on you guys first thing
you'll notice is shaved I shaved my hair
I shaved my my vagina pubes I even tried
to get the unibrow there einem Nick
Bridget I'm nicking me in the head there
it was it was a whole thing
leave this you hurt me every time it
doesn't work anymore seriously go fucker
now I need this off I saw you click the
button to please
so anyway reason I'm out here is people
people keep asking more stories more
stories so I'm gonna tell the story this
one is about angle grandpa's restaurant
now as shitty as his food looks on the
cooking wood grandpa stuff he actually
is a pretty good cook he always has been
and he opened a restaurant it wasn't you
know he didn't have some 200,000 dollar
establishment it was like a it was a
kitchen that was already set up and so
it was in a flea market it was a flea
market restaurant that he had it was a
play was called Smiley's flea market at
the time I think it's now is like old
wagon flea market or some bullsh I don't
know it's it's in Lexington I'm gonna
tell a specific story about the
restaurant because there's plenty of
stories there was a whole bunch of
things that happened well he owned this
restaurant including one time where he
got screwed and it's the whole reason he
doesn't have the restaurant anymore
because everything was stolen from him
that's another story I'll tell with the
restaurant he also catered and he
thought it would be good if we put out
flyers that told people we cater for big
parties and etc etcetera you can choose
what you want well he got what he asked
for we had our first customer it was it
was this big like office meeting these
people were having and they decided that
they wanted to get like 40 spaghetti
dinners because that was one of his
specials he was offering the spaghetti
dinners and cheeseburger baskets and
stuff and they all got the spaghetti
dinners about 40 of them about 20
hamburger baskets and it was hectic the
kitchen was fucking nuts first of all it
was summer so I was able to be there and
who Jimmy Luther would fuck you don't
listen to him he gets pissed because
when he's like in the zone you know
making spaghetti and shit oh god damn
you know he's not he's mad so he spent
hours making spaghetti and putting him
in these like styrofoam boxes and
closing them and he had them perfect
they were hot they were ready to go he
assembled them the
like professional boxes he was proud and
we're walking out my dumb ass whoa in
one of the boxes slides and hits the
ground of course I look over dad and dad
gives me this huh he did that thing
where he's about to hit me you know you
know one lay like I said once he does
that you know you're getting struck so
he goes to the kitchen he has to get he
has to get a new plate of spaghetti like
this
he had noodles that he had frozen in the
freezer so he takes the noodles and he
puts her in her hot water and he smushed
him around he's what dirty motherfucker
that's what he does when he's pissed off
and he's got to do extra work he's
talking shit the whole time he's I hate
that little fat motherfucker cuz I
dropped it I happen to have the box that
has slid off of but he over packed it
it's his fault
so he's slamming the shit together yeah
yeah and he takes it and he closes it
and shit there you good motherfucker and
then we take the food we're gonna call
they liked it oh but one person mine was
a little cold
