so I'm going to tell you a story that I
promise to tell you the story about when
angry grandpa went to throw a jar at my
sister and it hit me in the head I guess
it's not any better like he tried to hit
a family member with a jar but still it
was like one of these mason jars we used
to use them and we would put shit like
stewed tomatoes and like I don't know
fucking pears and all kinds of bullshit
homemade salsas and shit like that
we put them in the mason jars and we'd
have them set well we have this big box
of the empty jars sitting next to him
and we were all making a whole bunch of
shit
his mom was at the time making homemade
salsa to put inside the jars and this
jar had like a handle on it like I don't
know what they were putting in that jar
but they had someone with handles some
of them without handles shell like that
so it was me and my sister sitting there
and we were dancing around watching TV
Nickelodeon I think some bullshit like
like salute your shorts or some bullshit
wasn't one it was like I don't know
that's a long time ago so we're sitting
there dancing yeah kappanna wanna we
hold you in our hearts and dad's gonna
shut the fuck up right yeah and we're
like ha ha me make me wanna part and we
start laughing cause funny ha ha ha ha
and then he gets up he always gets this
face when he's pissed off at you heels
that's when you know something's about
to happen cuz he's come out we're like
oh so we stop we stop for a minute he
sits back down he talks shit god damn oh
fuck is killing me mama and she was mean
I'll tell you about her she but she
would be mean to us I know they killing
a child I know I'll tell you about her
another time but I was angry grandmother
there but so about 15 minutes goes by
now they're starting to put some of the
homemade salsa in these jars and another
nickelodeon show was on I think it was
like fucking duck spin or some bullshit
tail spoon oh yeah
tail spin and we're dancing to that and
desin by Jack Jack you fucker and he
takes this jar and
yeah throws it and my sister ducks and
Here I am and it crashes in my fucking
face and I just hope I passed out it's
funny to say I passed out from a jar
thrown to the head I woke up I don't
know if it was a day later it was an
hour later but all I know is I couldn't
hear anything all her was no more so
people are coming up to me Michael are
you okay Michael I don't know what
they're saying
I can't hear you long story short dad
did enough going to Walmart to get me a
Batman action figure to apologize to me
now Emma teacher death what happened
fell off my bicycle that's a good boy
