go on you guys I gotta take a step
outside real quick because I woke up and
solve this so I am assuming that angry
grandpa has some sort of flip out while
I was when I was asleep because the
dryer is now out here it looks even more
beat up than it was before so and he's
gone so I'm gonna go out on a limb and
say he destroyed something now I
remember why I was asleep here and
screaming and shit so I guess I missed
out on an opportunity to film the video
but angry grandpa has thrown the dryer
outside not a no he's out buying a new
dryer or if he just left to blow off
steam or if he's checking on a lead for
some couches I don't know what he's
doing or where he is but I know I woke
up to see that which is kind of the way
it used to be I remember back in the day
waking up and he didn't cut the computer
wires that was always his solution when
he was angry oh yeah so he starts
cutting the fucking computer wires and
then he goes back two hours later buy
new wires but I'll get a computer while
I put a booth down oh yeah it's uh next
to you here you know he he used to ride
around in this electric wheelchair he
didn't need it he just rode around in it
you know he would run around the house
and shit in it and he had these like
pouches next to and he would keep shit
in he would always have the computer
wire there that way if you wanted to try
and steal it you have to go through him
to do it but this must be another
impulse destruction dryer is sitting out
here when I woke up so that's how my
day's going
what happened why is this out here got
nothing to use Marvell where'd you blow
up again I didn't get the film in a fist
yeah you're right
what happened
all right calm down go away do you need
Alesi help I got away damn bridge
ah I can help you can help stay away
what happened yeah they go up a nut
