go ahead and turn this one I'm on
there's actually a bunch of sperms
swimming around for my background here
okay I'm going to show you where to get
the angular impulse on board at and the
Android Market okay so you get a surge
okay okay here we are
search manga grandpa there's this one
that's not us here is this one just by
Kent curl the angry drop off sound board
click that one
now I've already installed it you're
going to want to allow automatic
updating because we're going to add new
sounds to this as it comes doesn't open
it for you okay now I just see there's a
new button if you don't remember to my
sign
right here you click request you can
request sounds to be put on the
application that will be added in a free
update so there's that and then of
course the sound board he's actually
asleep
right
jeepers shit man to take a risk and turn
on the light
fuck you
y'all have gotten at me let me rest god
a they'll be home a little lost dad I
got it I'll go grab by your faggot ass
in a minute boys I want to do you know
went out of the application I don't
sound like that that's your voice they
me motherfucker
good idea little judge my goddamn candy
as my goddamn candy
you stupid whoa
