what's going on you guys it's actually
really smoky out here today I don't know
what's going on anyway I decided I was
gonna start telling you guys more
stories and I was gonna tell one of my
personal stories instead of a angry
grandpa story so today I want to tell
you why guess it's still sort of anger
grandpa today is when a grandpa bought
be a wrestling ring for Christmas this
wind is terrible so it was Christmas
2002 we lived in this little area called
Leesville Upstate South Carolina and
it's real country we had like seven
acres of land on like the Edisto River
it was a whole bunch of fucking land and
angered grandpa used to do dealings with
this guys and was Gary Kennedy he owned
a place called the Wagner drive-in it's
a Wagner South Carolina the way I don't
know his name was Gary Kennedy dad used
to do business with this guy and this
guy had everything he had a little bit
everything all the dads concession
wagons like the clown wagon that we did
we got from this guy because the guy had
him all over his yard
we collected him over time and him and
dad would get together and they wheel
and deal and dad would leave with
something he'd leave with something so
one day he comes across a wrestling ring
it's it's not like a WWE style ring like
you're thinking of now it was but it was
like a woman's wrestling ring though mad
was like like orange it was like this
hot orange and like the ropes were like
green and pink and the side of it said
wow which I'm only assuming stood for
women of wrestling so it was a women's
wrestling ring but it was a wrestling
ring and did I wanted it so I told him
I'd pause like hey I got to have it you
go goddamn I go it doesn't go to him
dozes which is what the guy was asking
for it which is just like he always
gives like a high price to start off
with so he can bid you down dad had this
old truck in the yard that he didn't
want anymore
so dad comes up to Gary and that's his
own ogre I got its goddamn truck I know
you want it I'll give you different
potatoes and Gary says I'll buy my pie
Gary Tucker I hope I give you ba how
about how about the truck in two hundred
dollars and dashes hundred dollars $125
sold so we got the wrestling ring as a
trade-in from a car that dad didn't use
and 125 dollars so here we are Christmas
Eve were setting the wrestling ring up
in the backyard I'm getting on this
fucking thing I'm bouncing around the
ropes I was just as fat as I am now by
the way our wrestling ring didn't have
any padding underneath the mat so I get
on the top rope not knowing what the
fuck's about to happening I saw on tuff
enuf which is actually sort of a new
show at the time
tuff enuf they say oh the first one that
you need to learn is you drop on your
back so I decided I'll do it from the
top rope I know what to do
so I get on the top rope and I do this
like I don't you saw get him to the
Greek when Aldous snow was gonna kill
himself from the top of the hotel but he
I did that thing and motherfuck I almost
passed out it hurts so goddamn bad I was
like it was solid wood on top of a steel
frame and no padding underneath it it
was one of the most painful things I've
ever experienced so me and my cousin
Jason which is aunt Charlene from the
video this lady
we all for that but you live
where there is trash her son he comes
over we decide we're gonna wrestle on
the ring we're gonna put on a show on
New Year's Eve and we get some fireworks
and we get Roman candles and we duct
tape them to the ring and we get the
video camera and we start filming it and
we light them the fireworks the sparks
are going off and yeah and then we
proceeded to put on the biggest
clusterfuck you could imagine as a match
this match was put on by some of the
worst amateurs you could imagine we
totally embarrassed ourselves we were
flopping around the ring late doing I'm
telling a blog I'm not telling any of
your stories and talk you better not
tell idiom Bob motherfucking stories
again you're standing I'm telling about
the time you got the wrestling wedding
for me for Christmas Oh God
tell these people with the wrestling
ring looked like just say heavenly
fucking bitches it was so it was
embarrassing
it wasn't no say he says it's from
idjits it was it was standard size but
it was fucking all discolored cartoony
it was embarrassing but it was a
wrestling ring and we had a lot of fun
on it and it was actually a pretty good
Christmas we couldn't wrestle on it we
sort of embarrassed ourselves when we
got on it and hey y'all bridge I had to
interrupt my vlog she had to be in this
hey y'all is my room getting clean it's
spotless
okay so I'll tell another story I next
time I'll tell the story about the time
anger grandpa went to throw a glass at
my sister and hit me in the head so I'll
tell you that next time
