fuck is that it's the picture of Andrew
I want you to I'm gonna show what after
you see the face in this picture do it
okay
squit your eyes my god you look like you
just fucking got some terrible cold or I
don't know what you got going on like
some sort of battle with chlamydia shut
the fuck up a little ivy
oh yeah it does I don't know I mean at
all
got my chain no where is that change wow
that movie he draws
there's Kudo this is done by a fan as uh
seems Josh Tom thanks good job Josh
all you guys subscribe to Josh Hill oh
okay I didn't get your finger at all on
Sean are you fucking me off
okay so I gotta get the glare off this
thing and see this go on don't even play
what is this
my twin brother it looks good really Roy
does you did a good job Josh where in
mine this is gonna hang up from the
apartment what am i I don't know buy one
damn I'm gonna buy it I did
you owe me of me I'm grandpa daddy Josh
this thing is really nice and of course
I'm gonna put it for Bridget's trunk
until we move to prevent Roche damage
last Roy I won that autograph I want an
autograph Scars on Broadway setlist from
their very first show and like a month
later that fucking thing was corroded
with wrote shit I can't do nothing with
it you're my visually just threw it off
the wall you're mama's boy roots shit
yeah so thanks Josh we got it today
looks great very very happy with that
well it's like something nice didn't
like the shittiest counter pizza
everywhere who eats pizza like this look
at this seats it was really gross talk
about it y'all boy I don't know I just
wanted to fill you pouring a glass of
tea go away
hey tell everybody to subscribe to keep
behind a camera subscribe to Grandpa
subscribe to keep on a panda no I got
the bridges subscribe to drop grandpa's
corner shut up
Bridget you be honest subscribe to
princess it doesn't say princess you
don't know what you're saying my name
does yeah at the top so they're gonna go
to youtube.com slash princess again
featured it's featured on on beam
gramacho
know what the hell yeah bedbugs John
father
