so today I took ain't grandpa to see my
new apartment we didn't go inside we
just drove around the neighborhood mom
was with us so we got to see grandma so
I recorded some footage with my cell
phone so check this out we know what
I've got access all yours now the patio
buddy
be nice boat you have the boys in the
swag be right here
why humans don't believe that is moving
tonight pointed by Richard goddamn to
summer perhaps fucking money because I
want the pool and the amenities for my
going
I'm washing them I see they all have
patios
I'm serious man you better goddamn fella
five unsolved Aman
how come look at the bull you're bumming
through that I'm not getting out
come on and I can invite guests to the
pool
so there we go anger grandpa saw my new
apartment now I don't maybe it was a bad
idea showing him where I lived but oh
well there's a whole bunch of people
here right now a bunch of family and
stuff here so I got to go see them I
just wanted to make this video real
quick and let you know and by the way we
did get a new vacuum it's a piece of
shit
