okay hang grandpa just flipped out about
the story so I'm gonna come outside and
tell it few years ago anger grandpa went
to BP he had drinks and he was getting
gas and oil and all this bullshit and
there are people behind us there were
people in front of us and he looks at me
and he says I got got him far and he
doesn't care he's parted plenty of times
in public there's some water selling my
face from pot of water he threw at me
so when anger grandpa farts in public he
doesn't give a shit I remember one time
we were at the grocery store and he just
farms and this chick just walks through
it she goes whoo
it was his farts are lethal so now we've
established that he's in the BP and he
said I got a goddamn far I'm telling you
now so I go all shit go to the bathroom
fuck it
he goes to fart lifts up his leg halfway
man I ain't her no fart all her was I
hope the fuck was that
and you're oh shit I just shit my
goddamn britches he shit his goddamn
pants man all of a sudden the people
around us I don't know what the people
in front of us but I could turn look at
the people behind us and they were going
oh what is they knew they knew you look
on the floor dance laughing embarrass
and laughing you hear each laugh he
takes you look down on the floor more
shit is leaking out of his pants so this
got a little puddle of shit next to his
pant leg so he go oh shit
he does this thing see if I can do it he
runs and holds his ass at the same time
see if I can document this he does that
that number right there the run ass grab
as if that's gonna stop the shit from
coming so all I know is when he got back
out he smelled even more like shit he
was wearing the same clothes as before
and he didn't want to talk about it
anymore
but I just brought it up
