what's going on you guys so tonight and
grandpa destroyed my xbox you're the
pieces I don't know what it looks like
inside an Xbox there it is one thing
that's really getting annoying
is I've seen a lot of the comments
saying oh there's a second Xbox oh it's
not plugged in well let's look at a
replay I'm going to brighten it up a
little bit for you and then we can see
if there was another Xbox and if it was
not plugged in we'll see okay so here we
are
slow motion there's anger grandpa
reaching for it and everybody's saying
always not turned on it's not plugged in
that's why I'm going to show to you in
slow motion and close earlier they're
turned on now you see the wires okay now
come on I'm not here we go turned on
wires I'm just gonna I'll be so done
that what don't you so done done what
how do these are destroyed jerk oh he
shouldn't have obviously he shouldn't
have destroyed the Xbox you really
should however we shouldn't have made
him think he's being stalked and killed
weed I'm not gonna pretend to be
innocent I did make him think there was
a murderer after him I did have a knife
up to him like I was gonna you know
gentian I feel look I'm not wrong I'm
not right here he's not right neither
should have happened
Wow I gotta stop looking into that
people getting pissed imma flip this
there we go well
I think we should know that's the next
thing we are gonna move now are they
beeping at us yes so we are gonna move
Bridget and I are going to go apartment
looking tomorrow sure excited I am
anyway come on e I don't think this is
not third grade we don't do high-fives
anymore
so yes I am gonna move out maybe I I
don't know I don't have an answer
I shouldn't have pranked him so much I
was wrong maybe I should stop pranking
maybe I should stop doing anger grip on
completely maybe it's the only way maybe
for our relationship to progress forward
why are you laughing about this this is
some moment I'm filming a moment in my
life oh my go look I can't be stopped
the only way it stops as if you just
destroy your camera wait wait wait what
do you mean I can't be stopped what is
this like the Mafia London once again
ain't no gettin out that's right you
know just because you have a Karen
doesn't mean shit he's still gonna
destroy things and ruin everyone's life
that's the best that's the thing he was
destroying shit before I got a camera I
just wasn't pranking him I never pranked
him until the camera that way like that
I'll admit to so I don't know I'm gonna
maybe I don't know I don't what the
answer is
I'll probably we are moving I'm probably
stopping anger grandpa forever blu-ray
Comcast who battled sexes real-world
challenges recording and oh yeah people
saying oh it wasn't bogged in well
that's what these are and they come out
really easy on the new Xboxes what I'm
looking for these
