frickin Apple strawberry come on Broly
was still just a noise come on bro
scared
why are you still filming before we're
haunted bro we're not haunted the house
was broken into the house got broken
into last night
no we're haunted mom we're freakin
haunted and that's it let me ask you a
question Cindy no that's why it's a
ghost no this thing we're sitting in the
kitchen and we hear a loud like
explosion and this thing is pulled down
he thinks it was a person I think it was
a ghost I'm not looking up there ah what
if we show your mom okay
we sure work okay I don't wanna be in
the house anymore
you're forcing me to stay here I'm not
forcing you first of all then do you so
what I'm not leaving so I get a hotel by
myself do that if you want to leave all
of us just Michael I'm staying because
I'm all my stuff here get through I want
to be next to this thing laughing at me
for real I'm not leaving because all my
stuff is here my animals are here I'm
here I won't be bye-bye yeah I'm leaving
yes
you hear it
yeah I heard it what do you think that
is me I know it was that but how does
that happen
are you scared for us maybe it was just
like a freak thing like should we leave
I wouldn't leave I mean I can't leave a
metaphor it I just don't see how
something like that accidentally happens
I don't get bad
exceptin was loose can we get out the
house please we all leave I don't want
to leave mom says it's probably a freak
thing probably was it goes can we just
leave the house for lunch why would a
ghost need to bring that down to get to
your attic that's the point so that had
like a homeless person or it was just
trying to scare us I think he would have
been back down by now what if he thinks
he's still alive and he was going up
into the Attic yeah fix something oh so
now you're sure - because it goes - no
yeah I go through walls they don't need
to like if there was a ghost expert let
me know in the comment section what you
think it was if you haven't seen the
video go check it out there was a loud
explosion in the Attic I don't know what
it was we all cried we couldn't sleep
I'm done with it
Cindy Brigid can we please go to lunch
yes absolutely covered the lens please
sitting here hanging out with Cindy
Bridgette is back there smoking
cigarettes still so she's gonna be we're
gonna top of that we don't smoke we
wanna eat guys we got out of the house
to come to LA Coretta
I just don't want to be I'll be honest I
just want to be in the house anymore
right
after last night I don't know if someone
broke in yeah if there was ghosts I
don't know let me get the door for Cindy
I'm just joking just joking here guys
Cindy said that I had them right now
when she comes back me and bridges are
Frankfort and I'm thinking that like I'm
horrible to Bridgette just to see if she
says anything she's really gullible
she's gonna believe it guys let's find
out if Cindy believes stuff that I'm
saying you were me waking you up this
point I do I told you yeah yeah he
usually does that he wakes me up and he
insults me then they go back to bed then
I wake up and he does it again
he said I have fat arms one time
you never walk somebody up and told them
what your message yeah you hooked me up
it was like you got that arm yeah went
back to bed one time I was in a big tent
yeah it was all kinds of like the green
stuff and he said that women are not
equal
at least a millennium
but then he was like oh thank god here
was
wrong
oh it's a joke it's a joke I'm sorry it
was a joke
did not say stuff like that it was an
evening you would never do that well I
would think you would but no no we
really right I'm telling you Cindy
there's a difference
mom you can't do this I looked it up on
the Internet it said one part sugar to
four parts water but you have to boil it
boil the water so you don't kill the
hummingbirds with bacteria right now we
are making our own hummingbird food
basically you're making simple syrup
that's the total recipe which is boiled
sugar water Cindy thinks that like
grainy like stirred sugar and uh the
grains can public forum ok Google how do
I make hummingbird food get ready for
that one what does being right
I know Cindy yeah because I get canta
Libre bacterium's
yes that's why you boil it you boil the
water and then you have the sugar
okay recipe for hunger hummingbird nicht
are what nectar nectar nectar one cup of
sugar and 4 cups of water okay bring to
boil and okay we need to make this next
part right right
well let me get a pan and I'll spoil mom
I'll make it later you're gonna kill my
hummingbirds I would like to make that
what you trashed my nectar yeah how do
you work this thing control button she's
a your stove a futuristic singing
caveman like trying to open a coconut
with it I'm making it right now I'm
gonna trash it you know you're not gonna
claw the bird like it's not the Starship
Enterprise it's a stone okay Oh Bridget
I'll just do is boil it'll be fine Oh
turn this on oh my gosh
okay I just want this she's opposite
that side works on this side it doesn't
yeah you gotta put the pot here you just
turn the other side on how do I select
the size that good but your pots on the
wrong burner that vertical pulls this
honey I'm telling you hook that's
telling you it's not on one you're gonna
kill the birds she's boiling sugar water
she's doing it right if you're not going
to use it I'll take it home with me
I got hummingbirds too you can also make
a lemon egg with it well I'm not making
lemonade we're making hummingbird I'm
trying to give Cindy a recipe she like
craps all over it so question do you
make this for your hummingbirds well I
haven't yet but I'm gonna say she made
the other version suddenly they
disappeared they all look different when
they came back huh okay so she's boiling
sugar water now it's gonna get the serum
consistency and that is simple syrup and
if you just squeeze some fresh lemons
you got lemonade
okay but I'll kill the birds too I think
well we're not giving them lemonade okay
Bridget what are you doing what are you
filming
why are you looking at those because I
want to get a really good Ouija board no
Bridget no Michael
okay you're telling you that wasn't
somebody up there I think it was the
ghost buddy not when a Ouija board we're
gonna contact the ghost yeah maybe the
Ouija board is why that happened
oh of course it is Bridget this is a
really good ones like handmade and stuff
no let me just read it now a few years
ago the bike stopped the buyer I bought
that from was cleaning out his garage
and had some things left directly from
the manufacturers building and married
in Connecticut this well it's just a
really old old Ouija board there's also
some handmade wood no that's all one
Michael if you buy a Ouija board you
could sleep on the couch Bridgette I'm
not the one No okay everyone yeah
remember what we're having a discussion
yeah you know can I tell you about the
one okay an oak tree fell during a storm
and somebody made a Ouija board out of
it okay that is creepy
why are you gonna contact spirits with
that thing I've heard nothing but bad
awarded scary things you already messed
up the last time Natalie jeepers all
that stuff happened no Michael please if
you actually had any ounce of love for
me you wouldn't do it
are you about to start crying again it
scares me I am Michael please just don't
do it you're freaking the dogs out
you're making me mad
okay why are you doing this right now
cuz I don't want you to get one I guess
searching for him for the past 20
minutes why now are you arguing with me
about this
please don't got one like seriously
please what can I get just hope you're
nothing hi Ted don't do anything on eBay
Bridgette number one we do boards or a
joke okay but I thought maybe we got you
not so number one they're freaking
haunted number one okay I want to prove
to you that that was a human or just
some sort of error that was a human then
why are we still in the house why aren't
we caught the cops because it probably
was it okay it was probably wind or that
maybe we're earthquake maybe that's what
happened
I don't think about that yeah you know
Somerville is on a fault line you
realize some real had a really horrible
earthquake in 1800s yeah but you know
what we didn't have a horrible
earthquake so okay we could have had
something and it's rattled shut they
came down momentum took it down nothing
on the news get the camera and I follow
the news my Twitter camera in my face
I'm buying the Ouija board no you're not
yes I am nice knowing your power looks
like I will be sleeping on the couch
tonight you guys I want to take a minute
to apologize that you had done listen to
me in bridge there argue like that Ben
what are you doing wait no that's my
blanket bro one second you guys you're
not in trouble
oh poor thing guys she's been having
accidents in the house lately so we've
had to start giving her medication
you're not in trouble girl but dang it
sweetie you want to leave my blanket a
lot home I'm really sorry that you had
to hear us argue you guys I don't want
to sleep on the couch she's doing this
to force me into not giving a Ouija
board and you know a lot of people say
so much stuff happened last time right
I'm not gonna get into all the specifics
because I don't want to blame a Ouija
board for our problems but the thing
with that happened the thing Jennifer
got burned
the other big thing happened a lot of
horrible stuff happening that so maybe I
shouldn't probably going to cancel but I
can't tell her that I can't let
Bridgette win that easy I'm sleeping on
the couch you guys wish me luck
eventually she's gonna bring the dogs in
the room with her
yeah there's a noise came from up there
and we're kid calm down or guys are
gonna freak mom out please calm down
that's gonna be a pretty day you guys
thanks for watching I think I'm just
typing myself up I was starting to go to
sleep and the dog started freaking out I
think that's what happened
Britta's making me sleep on the couch
tonight so that's gonna be it for today
like subscribe favorite and Bridget I
cancelled the Ouija board okay I
cancelled it and that's it
nice Felix just took running took off
running over there I heard a noise come
from that area so there's something out
there
I hear like banging or something in the
laundry room
what there's something in the house okay
I don't want the Ouija board I want to
sleep in bed with you I want to leave
the house I hate it here do you hear it
but quiet heard it I think
hot somebody else what do we do bro like
what are you doing why is he freaking
out like this
Claude why are you freaking out you guys
do animals freak out like this
Bella what do we do Bridget guys we
gotta figure this thing out okay
like just in the bog subscribe favorite
oh honey are you sure you're not I don't
know what I heard okay can I please lay
into can I sleep in here I'll cancel the
thing you ordered yes I learnt it I'll
cancel it
order some stays Michael please get sage
clay please calm down okay why is he
freaking out like this hey hey calm down
or maybe you scared of
nice I don't know what to make of it I'm
sorry and I don't care what are you
doing I'm going to investigate the noise
