that photo so angry grandpa just found
out that muscle story I was a prank yeah
I gotta you got that bright so I hate
you better one I'm apologizing to you
why would you thought you're right I
checked no prank to you with making you
think someone's trying to kill you
I was wrong
get out I'm admitting to you I was wrong
yeah
go away hey do you accept my apology no
but I will get you about pretty I will
get you come on all of these I don't
have to get you back and yep I'll teach
you about pretty I will give you my
friend
ah shit bullies now you know
they look buckety he's just some guy you
don't need to know how I know that my
lawyer is I'm gonna bring his buddy back
seeing it will discuss hello here you
get away with this shit god damn
attractive why does Joey got more trash
and y'all bad I'm gonna get you add up
up I'm gonna get you ass you pick a boy
like a motherfucker
your ass is grass I'm gonna be a lot
more
