what's going on you guys I'm about to
show you the anger grandpa sound board
that we are working on now it is the
Kint games it's a he's a guy who came to
me he's real cool so this is what you
get when you first go to it okay now
there is a hidden button here that I'm
going to show you so I guess it's not
hidden anymore I'm gonna go and go to
the sound board though because I don't
spoil it okay so it's got a load for a
second because got so many sounds I
think it's got almost 70 different sound
bites here okay so this is the initial
screen you get I got swiped it there a
little bit I'm gonna watch the back here
swipe it let's click home and use go
back to the main page so that is the
anger grandpa sound board it's gonna be
coming out soon that was the beta
version pretty much finished though so
it's gonna be available in the Apple
Store it's going to be available in the
Android store and we got a lot more
anger grandpa apps coming we got an
alarm clock we got a game so keep your
eyes on the marketplace and go check it
out what are you doing Bridgette
check out my YouTube
