what's going on with you guys so you've
been asking for more stories about what
it was like growing up with angry
grandpa someone give you another one
this one comes from a time in anger
grandpa's life when he started hanging
around with this biker gang up there and
I think it was Ross Spartanburg little
upstate the way it started is anger
grandpa used to go to you know flea
markets and stuff and he'd go selling
crap like like flags and leather vests
and he had these like cowbells it was
like he's like I don't what the hell it
was made out of so selling all this crap
at the flea market
this group of bikers comes up and they
asked that if he's interested in setting
up his booth at one of their festivals
they have that's not really a festival
as much as it's about a hundred bikers
getting together getting drunk and not
buying anything asking for free shit and
dad giving it to them so it was New
Year's Eve and dad has decided he's
going to set up at one of these little
get-togethers dad gets wasted he gets
shit-faced it's the first time he
actually drinks in years because he used
to used to have a drinking problem so he
stopped and this is the first time he
drinks in a long time and he gets just
completely annihilated we're talking
1015 beers a pitcher of White Russian a
bottle of hot damn he was getting wasted
and all these bikers yeah Charlie
Charlie that's when he's hard to call on
him pie I don't know why this they
started calling a pie but they were
calling him pie yeah come on pie drink
it pie pie pie pie pie and he's so
fucking wasted he starts giving out his
leather vest we paid over $100 apiece
for these things wholesale and they were
selling from was 400 and he's just
giving them out these things are
expensive hey haven't habit he's got
knives for sale he's giving those away
we're losing a lot of fucking money
because he's wasted at some point dad
becomes super mad
when he gets wasted it's like it's like
the person who's drunk who thinks they
can beat anybody's ass alike
well I tell you what motherfuck imma
fight the guy and Bridget is bringing
the dogs out
hey there I'm recording a vlog about a
dad got really drunk and started shit
with a bunch of bikers who so dad has
completely annihilated wasted and he
decides he is gonna start shit dogs are
fighting with the top dog over there
with the bikers so dad takes a pit row
white rushing oh that's it
I'm gonna go find skulls and I'm gonna
beat his goddamn ass now this guy scuzz
was the baddest motherfucker you're
gonna know this guy had a gun on each
hand
he just got a couple of knives from dad
and he ain't somebody weren't fuck with
and he wasn't dad decides to go in there
dad's like I'm gonna kill Sky's dad's
walking mm-hmm
skies where are you at mother fucka he's
fine scuzz scuzz comes up what the fuck
you want fat man and dad looks at him
and skulls looks at dad and they're face
to face it's like it's like an epic
moment and they're looking at each other
and dad goes let me tell you one thing
motherfucker let me get you a drink
these motherfuckers get wasted the rest
of the night skies pulls out his gun a
couple of times shoots the ground of the
fucking of the damn bikers clubhouse dad
wakes up the next day hmm what the fuck
happened last night well dad for one you
tried to kill a fucking biker for two
you gave way all their shit and three
you spent the rest are our money on
alcohol
you got a drinking problem
