what's going on you guys a lot of you
have been asking me to tell the story
about dads clown business so I decided
I'm going to do that tonight so it was
about 2002 an angry grandpa took the
settlement money he got from an accident
and he spent it on a concession trailer
he had an airbrush with like candy
apples and all that shit and he had the
bright idea that we were going to start
a clown concession business where we
would do shit like like like a clown a
gram where you could have us come to
your business dressed as clowns and
deliver you a bouquet of candy apples
like like that was going to go over well
so he goes to this little shop and he
buys all the clown suits and the makeup
and stuff and I've always been a big kid
I've always been fat like this alright
so my suit is about two sizes too small
so I put on this fucking clown suit I
put on the fucking makeup I'm holding
this fucking balloon I look like fucking
John Wayne Gacy I honestly look at John
Wayne Gacy and think of me in a clown
costume that's what the fuck I looked
like not to mention my balls were
popping out of the suit because it was
so goddamn tight so if you looked you
could see my whole fucking balls just
boom popped out my cousin Chris was
about six feet tall his clown suit was
about a foot too short so first it was
skin tight it was like it was like he's
going scuba diving in a clown costume
and his balls were popped out and there
was about I don't know a good foot of
leg because that's where the suit ended
we he sized to give us names he wanted
to call me fatty fo the clown oh fuck
fuck that Chris was like Beatles the
clown or some bullshit we got our first
business first client we had to sing
this song I'm gonna sing the song it's
super embarrassing it was in this place
called Metro it was this Metro flea
market or some shit and this chick
uh was coming back she'd been sick and
we had to sing the song and this is how
it went I think her name was Maggie
never I'm gonna ask and go grandpa what
that bitch's name was hold up I think I
might be Peggy Sue actually not Maggie
dad what Oh hold on I just got a quick
question
do you remember that clown of grant
business we started what was that
bitch's name that we sang to what was
her name oh I remember I never was a
metro goofy goofy was it Peggy Sue
hey you dude is that it hey okay Peggy
hey you through hey you through God so
this is the song we had to go to dresses
clowns
holding a bouquet of flowers and we had
to go Peggy Sue Peggy Sue oh how Metro
misses you and here we are that's what
we're supposed to do here's what really
happened we walked in there we go Peggy
Sue Peggy Sue a blue moon move meanwhile
my cousin Chris is going through the
papers on these motherfuckers desks
because he entertaining enough to talk
to these people I'm sitting trying to
entertain hi here's your candy apples
looking fat as shit and bare stinking
shit people look and they see the whole
shape of our penis they see our fucking
helmets they see everything dude you
look down you can tell how big how fat
the shape the width of my penis because
you can see the whole goddamn thing all
you do is look down Chris is you can see
his whole shit it was just it was one of
the most humiliating things my sister
comes in she could we couldn't afford
her clown costume so she had these
overalls on with a straw hat with like
pine straw like some country bumpkin
version of the fucking scarecrow from
The Wizard of Oz she comes in moon doing
this like dance it's embarrassing
people are laughing we're thinking oh
yeah this is real good they weren't
laughing at with us they were laughing
at us it was embarrassing unfortunately
the clown business did not end there now
we got booked for a party it was a kids
party after that little metro incident I
vowed to never wear the clown suit again
I had to wear for this fucking party
first dad's little concession wagon
looks like it was made out of particle
board the motherfucking thing was
falling apart with airbrushes of candy
apple and shit like it was made in
somebody shed and they did with marker
and crayon it was horrible looking it
stunk it was bad we come back up this
fucking piece of shit concession to
these people's backyard so I go to their
bathroom I'm getting dressed up as the
clown again John Wayne Gacy the only
thing was missing was a twelve-year-old
boy in a rosary to choke him with this
shit was bad I was fat I had clown
makeup when I had this little hat it
jump John Wayne Gacy god I wish there
were pictures of this I wouldn't let
them take pictures of me there's the
family took pictures and thank God
nobody can get in touch with them
because that would be humiliating so
here I am walking around this party
holding balloons handing them out to the
kids candy candy like I'm luring these
children into the fucking back of that
piece of shit concession wagon or
something it was it was humiliating
we're sitting there singing and dancing
we get a pinata this shit lasted about
eight nine hours it was from mourning
tonight it was horrible push come to
shove nobody a book this again and we
were able to burn those fucking clown
costumes once and for all because it was
humiliating I'll put that in the top two
most embarrassing things I've ever had
to do man
singing happy birthday as a fucking
gigantic clown with my dick hanging out
at a children's birthday party holding
balloons and candy ha memories memories
all Davone in the moonlight touch
is so easy to leave me follow
it's a memory I gotta hit but my day in
the Sun if you touch me no judgment I'll
understand what happiness is go to hell
away go back
