what's going on you guys today is
grandma's birthday she was uh she's 60
something good as shit she's 60
something years old bitch dead and I am
making hamburgers and french fries
yourself uh birthday before we looking
for
what is this insecticide chill him god
damn vagina our spiders happy birthday
mom this is what she got a Snuggie how
about your burgers another one without
cheese sit over there for you very good
birthday bitch
it's insecticide and sets out to kill
your goddamn vagina spider good you got
bananas bad or don't touch me bitch
happy birthday Elvis birthday Elvis
y'all heard of fuck up Hey look long 78
he died we're not worried about thank
god you're my computer time happy
birthday happy birthday to you
Arijit birthday happy birthday to you
here all right mom blow out your candles
happy bright
oh god this is fucking blows oh man was
disgusting happy birthday mom now you
can't get the fuck out and get on his
computer right
