what's going on you guys first of all
Merry Christmas we turn this puppy be a
midnight TV shouldn't be on anyway
Merry Christmas it is midnight and I'm
just out here setting them shit first
show what I got a grandpa for Christmas
so tired him destroying the old one but
got them this one we can hook up his
iPod to it so that's one then got him
he's this knife set for him to destroy
at some point I assume because what he
does when he's pissed is he destroyed
okay so these are what the nephew's got
for Christmas all this crap okay there's
a bunch of ds's in here there's an Xbox
360 so I'm just out here setting up
everything for Christmas I wanted to
wish everybody a Merry Christmas I don't
know why this is asking I just wanted to
wish everybody a Merry Christmas showed
want a dad baskets here full of Reese's
boxer Reese's puffs coffee cup full of
Reese's anyway
uh it got my mom some to South got it
anyway Merry Christmas just wanted to
show you every premise you know
Christmas here I guess everybody's
asleep everybody's asleep so it's just
me
and I will be up to film this time I'm
gonna wait grandpa
Hey
Merry Christmas
I said I guess you can see your
Christmas wasn't now thank you
telling me to break
