oh come on in this is my health this is
the winner this is my mom she doesn't
move from the couch I'll just watch TV
this is the kitchen crews duel is over
cribs this we got angry grandpa get the
fuck out of here
this is angry grandpa get out of here
you know him from his various bouts of
rage I will show you some guy didn't
trick you don't get out of here and get
your nasty fucking hand off my children
we love each other deep down get your
hand off my shoulder
put your hand on your shoulder you bring
a big boy
this is Turkey it nope
they don't realize that they don't
realize there's a zip lock right here on
the meat
so you just slice it down the road shit
need that green stuff you gotta be out
of a damn refrigerator I want out of it
I want out of this run up you know I
want out of this room this is the
laundry room you can see right here the
multiple times you stabbed it with this
you get you two bags guy there boy yard
as well as it give unto it you a better
good ear boy yours how does it do this
damn how much trains to take to put a
hole in this dryer
she's us too
this is the bathroom this is my Harry
Potter poster now so I'm going to take
you with magic happens my room these are
my blu-rays
now some of show you the ride but you
unlocked it
alright dad because this is cribs you
gotta say thanks for stopping by my crib
now get the hell out what the fuck you
come in for and get the fuck outta my
get him oh my god I don't want a bit I
don't want no losing you goddamn truck
why is it goddamn door let's go he's
going to lay under name could you get
rid of that goddamn camera please give
me the fuck out of here
god damn fool begin the blue fucking war
hi
