so a lot of you have been emailing me on
both of the accounts you've been asking
me why is anchor grandpa banned from
Walmart so here's the story there's
actually multiple stories so one of the
stories has to do with one of the days
anger and Paul went grocery shopping and
he had this giant buggy just filled with
just shit he didn't need so instead of
the lady putting the bags in the buggy
she starts setting them on the floor and
anger grandpa was already getting angry
so he has to start putting them in the
buggy himself and as he's pulling
himself out of the store a loaf of bread
falls on the ground and he steps on that
as he's walking this made him flip out
he reaches in the bag and picks up a jar
of jelly and he throws it against the
wall and it just sprays everywhere jelly
and there's glass and the the door
greeter she was like oh my god next
thing you know the manager walks up and
the manager asked dad if he would leave
the store and that's when dad flips out
because if you ask dad something like
that he's already not going to be happy
so after the manager asked dad to leave
the store dad walks up to the wall where
the jelly is and starts rubbing his hand
in it then grabs the bread and start
smearing a piece of the bread with the
jelly and goes to eat it motherfucker
I'll give me a glass and goddamned jelly
sandwich those that's word-for-word what
he said now the manager tells dad he
needs to leave the store dad still
doesn't leave there's a lot of cars dad
instead starts screaming about how it's
because he's white it's because he's
poor and Obama this and and at this
point security walks up and instead of
walking dad out the store they walked
him to the back to the other side of the
store the next story comes when dad went
to the Tire Center because he needed new
tires on the van he goes out there and
there's a guy walking out of the tire
center as he's walking up and that's a
some tires the guy I was I look the
dudes attitude was rude he looks at dad
and he says I'm on my break
so dad proceeds to stalk the employee
around the Walmart store he's following
him going I'm on my break motherfucker I
want my break I want my break and he
won't stop security comes back they
already remember him they said your are
not even supposed to be here they kick
him out of the store they say next time
they're gonna call the police now
there's been other times he's tried to
go in and now they recognize him he'll
get into the store and he starts
shopping but Midway's they'll come up to
him and ask him to leave the store he is
not allowed in Walmart
unfortunately there's another story to
tell from a totally different Walmart
this story angry grandpa walks in there
and he goes to the deli section where
they cut the meats and stuff and he goes
in he orders about five or six pounds of
roast beef now five or six pounds didn't
fit and one of those packages so they
put all of his pounds of roast beef in
like three different three different
clear packages but only labeled one with
a price tag the price tag was like $35
he was already pissed off about that
when he gets something that's too
expensive
he always it's the same thing hmm
goddamn better be from good goddamn
roast beef so the roast beef was too
expensive already for him so we get to
the register and the lady doesn't see
separate packaging markings on the
packages and she cause she I'm gonna
call management so I tried to be nice I
was like oh man that's actually for one
they they wouldn't fit in three packages
so they priced it for one just um I
don't think you know what you're talking
about
dad blue you'll let me tell you
something you goddamn bitch motherfucker
I bet I got it and he goes off on a
minute tirade about how the roast beef
was already too expensive and now she's
gonna charge him more and how she's a
fuckin bitch and how she's on welfare
and how Walmart must have hired her
through the goodwill system push come to
show security came with the police he
can't go inside Target he can't go
inside McDonald's
can't go inside Papa John's fuckin pizza
he can't go anywhere anymore because
every time he goes he starts shed
there's been times where he's ran around
the store screaming for somebody because
there's two registers with employees and
30 registers and nobody on it Oh nobody
with my goddamn money why cuz I'm paying
them food stamps angry grandpa is not
the kind of person you want walking into
your store and they've realized that and
now he's banned from almost everywhere
there's only a few places that he is
still allowed inside and frankly I'm
surprised he still is and bah what are
you excited about your Christmas
presents you kiss my ass Walmart gift
cards buddy a little damn Walmart give
guards just say send me one more gift
cards stick up your ass
send them anybody's giving me a Walmart
gift card you're gonna know about it cut
it off
