how the hell'd you even get in yeah
that manager was there by the door you
know that's what it looked like
well he was talking I kinda like turn my
hair down and turn sideway just water
opacity and lucky with damn true scandal
just on the inside
god damn it I fucking need to register
record on ha ha ha aren't you aren't you
are the maid up
how did you know I'm a filter mayor of
Columbia
bitch believe me Katie got a devil
people the world we're gonna for Walmart
so what how far you gonna get in to
spend your Christmas present cuz I'm
getting you some more Marquette class
yeah I ain't get no Walmart your
constant B buddy stupid similar Walmart
give cars while I wasn't saying for them
to send you on but now I am sitting go
grab a Walmart gift card sir I know
hello I will how about you give me got
it
good honey hello Michael spindle I can't
go into Walmart I'm see I am giving him
a Walmart gift card and he is not gonna
be able to spend it
so this Christmas I'm going to give
grandpa the gift that he can't use a
Walmart gift card and I encourage you to
send him some - you can shut up
Walmart gift card is not allowed yeah so
yeah he's dollar store I can hear you
they've it'll be here you how is it
you're banned from like everyone in the
area alright do you have an that kid he
is banned from the Walmart by our house
the Walmart in Somerville he's banned
from the Walmart on rivers Avenue is
there a Walmart in our area that you're
allowed to go inside still Columbia and
I ain't driving a hundred miles you're
going to fucking Walmart so I'm getting
him Walmart gift cards I asked somebody
one of you sent him a Walmart gift card
no then him a car dude was a don't make
it target either can I can it go there
either a lot of you you can't go in
target that's right I can't go in
McDonald where are you allowed to go
that place we went that what I call the
lady a neighbor the new max way hey it's
the guy who stole your van yeah
pieces whew
so a lot of you sent him cash on his
birthday and that didn't help me any I
want you to send him a Walmart card
instead of cash oh no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
it did it did no Walmart gift cards for
anger grandpa's Christmas but uh yeah
you can send it here holy motherfucking
shit no it's gonna be wonderful seeing a
bunch of money they get are you stop
you're not gonna be able to spend any of
it how are you Inger put that on there
so you know though you are you evil yes
I'm putting that on burger yes I am
begging beggar
I'm begging I I am begging sitting hippo
Walmart gift card queue I don't want to
get at what my design Kyle yeah you
making my stomach hurt
