what's going on you guys still plant all
these settings the videos today I did
weren't really as good as they could
have been where I'm only exposure
settings and stuff if anybody knows
anything about this camera and like the
best settings I can do
send it to my DM in so today was the big
tree thing I got three videos out of
this the next ones coming up tomorrow I
mean it got bad in here and mom and dad
were really fighting check out here's a
preview
we ended up going up the street to one
store we went to another store finally
dad sneaks into Walmart and gets it they
kicked him out of Walmart but he had
already gotten this thing so keep
watching the channel cuz tomorrow
I got another video coming out regarding
the tree where we went and started
shopping for the piece but the next day
I'm gonna have the full video when we
came back and it didn't fit and it was
bad so stay tuned and subscribe
subscribe oh god okay shit
