what's going on you guys hit me on a
camera Here I am actually playing around
the new camera um
honestly I don't know the settings right
now so I'm still playing around with how
it should look and stuff to make it that
the quality as high as possible but I
guess I've heard the bathroom show you
guys the camera so here we go to the
bathroom
alright so I guess I can't change camera
can i well I was stupid to assume such a
thing okay
oh well well this is the new camera in
Azis weather I don't know what it's it's
a Saudi supposed to shoot an HD I see a
smudge on there actually me get that off
I would really like to take care of this
camera but you never know in this house
of course the last one lasted a really
long time so hopefully this camera
lapsed a lot longer and I'm just glad to
have it so this is it still play it with
the quality I don't know how HD I can
give it if it is HD I know it looks a
little better to me but I'd like for it
to look better I think during the day
it'll look a lot better so that's the
camera angle grandpa wasn't too happy
with it he thought it was over with all
those dimples over with all the box now
I can show you guys the camera so that's
the camera so do you have it that's the
new camera I don't have anything else to
say I'm still gonna play wrong with the
settings because there's a lot of shit I
need to go through to get her looking as
good as possible I wanted to look as
good as it can and oh man my unibrow is
crazy MHD
