all right nobody's gone 1,500 already
I spend something cheaper about 50
O'Bannon or the damn people did you want
the doornail don't chew you do a new
possibility
what up camera crew keep you out of
camera here Brigitte West not here
because she's asleep and the reason this
vlog is starting off while Bridget's
asleep is because today we have a very
very special announcement - a man not a
very it's not really look this is too
early I just woke up it's not a special
announcement okay and I'm judge I'm
guessing that I've called the vlog when
I'm broke grip I'm keeping it all and
usually I would cut this out
but I want you guys to see the kind of
stuff that I cut out anyway this is the
kind of stuff I cut out we'll just redo
it today we're getting Jennifer a car
well grandpa's getting Bridget I got to
cut it out I just looked you stupid
right now okay forgive it
what up camera now Jennifer is gonna be
starting school soon so dad wants to get
her a car her first car it's not gonna
be anything fancy it's not gonna be the
nicest car on the lot but he wants to
get Jennifer something so she can get to
point A to point B and right now they
are on their way to pick me up so we can
go make that happen so today the big
surprise is Jennifer he's getting a car
speaking of Jennifer if you haven't seen
the vlog we uploaded yesterday I
uploaded the story of the time Jennifer
and Bridget got into a fight the cops
were called Jennifer got maced if you
haven't seen it go check it out I
promise it's one of the best throwback
stories we've ever done anyway no more
intro let's go do this time to get
Jennifer a car Jenny
congratulations dad nice job
we are out here looking at this new car
with Jennifer so what do you think about
it dad any budding car no it's not
guys she needs a car to get to and from
school and this is perfect you go chance
matter yeah okay we you know your knees
breaks whoa whoa whoa huh there ain't no
breaks it breaks away okay you said
there's no breaks no I said the breaks
are going bad okay
all I know is one minute dad's IQ test
driving the car the next minute he's
like the right way don't you can have it
you can't test drive it but you put out
the doorstop like this don't well it is
hot let's toss it in have the door
yes the Flinstones had a door what are
you talking about how I said put your
feet out and stop a car yes the
Flinstones use their feet for the brains
turn that thing off why but sits ooh
are they gold or any country I don't
know I thought so here's a nice little
car it really is it sounds good
alright here skip there she goes folks
Jennifer is going on a test drive I got
a question what why don't we go with her
cuz ain't got a break oh my god you seem
to know more about this than we do huh
did you really really just come from a
fire truck yeah he might work after the
break better see you guys were really
chapped and break hey Malik get my bag
me and dad just chilling inside while
Jamie deals with the car outside - Hatta
there for me I'm today my button you
eyeball yeah I know it feels good man
well you weren't sure says pancakes
cuz it's funny how those good you like
pancakes
well I do like pancakes why you wearing
a shirt that says Fire Department could
somebody tell me but you were a
firefighter so I was Papa does that
bring you back seen the engine yeah I've
never in the old days I do go check the
oil okay
you gotta check the water see don't hit
the brake Sammy game you got it all blow
it up huh daddy would go around yeah
probably
Jovie you have to go silicon son five
minutes that might blow it up you know
so dad I was talking and I told this guy
here that Ginny can use the 55 as a
trade-in
what or $2 Pacifica I don't think so
what she better keep your mind basic I'm
selling the oh yeah hey I'm selling 200
hours no I'm joking
Jamie he doesn't get us thrown out so
you know how to you have any ties with
the police department is he going to
jail not guys doesn't do over there all
right good you ain't going to prison or
jail your body or the damn people did
you want the doornail don't do well
possibility for you dad sitting here
doing a favor getting you a cup I can
get that stuff in the air plum from the
airport that they stick on the planes
sure you're talking to one don't you
there you go I better take my money and
we were that
you're making dad mad you can just
accept this Bobby like you've been
cheering last night that's the story
there's this chicken sorry yes or the
chicken still caliber to click like if
you want to hear it please like if you
want you to story about last night
everybody o'clock like yeah not clock
this I know I've been a child of God
okay guys we're getting off of here I
want to know about this chicken story
well you excited getting the car Jimmy
yeah yeah it's my very first car
something doesn't mine but I feel oh
what she's saying something here I don't
like asking people for help
I'm giving way back we'll go that's all
I gonna do oh you're making people upset
dad wanted to do you a favor hearing
something nice for I can't help you
doing it you got older yeah we don't you
show what I'm saying just accept the car
I accept the car you're about to get
wrecked
nah I'm laughing at this whole scenario
for once someone's in trouble to name me
you fart like me he pooped her pants me
I bet you boob your bin hey did you hear
that man
she literally just farted in your office
my problem you keep doing yeah how are
we to why deformed no I'll show in the
video
good god no I swear to god it in fart
maybe you're nude like I smell it
yesterday I peed myself
double G's man cheap laughing too hard
all right cover mm another dad I don't
wanna ran such an au car boys back home
you guys gonna be getting out of here
really soon but before we do I wanted to
come outside to make a really quick
video to tell you guys that you have one
more day to submit your questions the
hashtag ask a GP I did not have the time
to do the video today and the reason why
that was is as you saw we had to go get
Jenner for that car you know she's
starting school really soon as if that
fogging up I thought we were past all
this jennifer starting school here
really soon and the school there's a
little bit of a drive past dad's house
and she can't use dad's car every day
and he's sure not letting your drive to
55 Chevy so the next best thing was dad
wanted to get her a car she found one
for like a couple of hundred bucks on
Craigslist and dad said no let's go to a
dealership I know a guy let's go look
and that's what we did and we found in
her for a car and because we did that I
did not have the time to do the Twitter
Q&A video unfortunately which means you
have one more day to submit your
questions to ask a GP I got to wipe this
one more time we're doing this outro you
guys I wanted to say thank you for
everybody for all the stuff that you
what is that cotton cotton thanks dogs
guys I guess I'll put my face on the
door and I knock my teeth out then why
all right so the theme that you just saw
has not been filmed yet so it may or may
not have worked I'm going to try and use
these to make you people think that my
teeth
we're knocked out I might actually use
them on dad or Bridget I don't know guys
let me know in the comment section if I
should assuming that it worked I didn't
want to show this clip first because
then you'll know that my teeth weren't
really knocked out guys
these are these or gums and it's time
for me to put them in for the first time
what this won't come out though what
that how's your special work look no
whole world I'm reading the instructions
then I guess I have to soak these in
warm water and then that'll come Alli
what why just like this these Geezer
gums and there's some sort of white
filling it in I can't get it out okay
warm water check tomato check that water
is not warm uncheck now it's a little
warm check
wait it's warmer now okay check
turn that off and so I'm dropping my
dentures in the water what is going home
with these so apparently after like a
minute these will be ready to put in my
mouth and then I'll film the scene that
you hopefully already saw all right I'll
grab bud
okay Plan B these things have been
sitting in warm water for about five
minutes the water is cold and nothing
has happened
the white is supposed to turn clear it's
not so time for Plan B the Keurig which
is preheating and it might liquify them
because it's so hot but I gotta try
something because I gotta get whatever
the hell that is out tomatoes all over
the damn house I was always under the
impression that the Keurig like preheats
fast but it's been like 45 minutes it
feels like I've added water there we go
okay I'm using accurate to boil fake
teeth lift him again all right continue
all right heat up my teeth Keurig this
is a lot of work just for a little scene
while I'm talking to you guys with no
teeth this is a lot of work so it looks
like it's about time to take the dog oh
my god be careful oh man why did I just
oh man what oh my gosh well what is
going on I don't even trust that you put
those in your mouth bro I don't I do
either like that's disgusting why would
they just make this with nothing inside
it why do I gotta go through
there's me Lucas I know get out okay so
I've done this don't do nothing I was
evil Burton Bingham look like it no
looks stupid I still did the scene you
guys just saw it but obviously was
failed looking and horrible damn time
due to the outro I tried to guys anybody
know any better than this like fake gums
cuz that didn't work well that's gonna
be it for today you guys thanks for
watching dad you did a good thing but
getting Jennifer that car she really
needed it yeah I can't believe you
actually did that
so nothing I know it's like the nicest
thing he's ever done ever
I know right
it's like I think my giving nature from
my father say that like dad woke up
everything
i'ma give me a car where it happened why
he thought he wanted to do that I don't
know for some reason he was like oh
would you thug nice for the first time
in my life my wretched nice guys dad did
something very nice he got Jennifer a
car dad she really needed it you did a
good thing I really you know nice job
actually that's awesome you haven't seen
me yet I haven't seen it yeah guys
tomorrow we're gonna be picking the car
up
Bridget's gonna see it for the first
time that's tomorrow also tomorrow
submit your questions the hashtag ask a
GP because it's time for some Twitter
Q&A you ready for that I am so ready for
that guys let's get out of here thanks
for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite thing jaws it
and that's it
I love you guys so much how much you
love Jason just playing you again
