first thing I want to say is Clemson can
lick my ass that's right Carolina beat
Clemson so why don't I just throw the
Gamecocks hat in the trash anyway I
wanted to talk to you guys about what's
been going on
first I want to start off by showing you
the video camera what it does now okay
so that is what it looks like now and
why you know flip it that way that
puffle bit that way we've got that so
when I'm filming I can't see what I'm
filming so that's why there hasn't been
that many videos however tomorrow I get
a new video camera word it last week
hopefully it's a really good camera
because I want to make a whole bunch of
new videos with it
thank God it's been a long time coming
getting a new video camera so I ordered
it last week it's coming tomorrow
hopefully as long as FedEx doesn't fuck
me like they did with my phone my cell
phone so you know that video I filmed
for tonight
I couldn't even use half of the footage
that I film because I couldn't see what
I was filming so it was une almost all
the way in and I didn't even know it
look at this the cafe other radios
Braden
it's writer or just say that he can't
get you to eat I've got some ham then
you can't get a kitty kitty kitty
so that's that new video camera I'm
going to film with it tomorrow so make
sure you watch our YouTube channel for
the anger grandpa show and wait because
I'm gonna have something up tomorrow
because I can't not film with the new
video camera as long as I can figure it
out
so subscribe or don't subscribe do
whatever you're gonna do I am going to
online shop now
