it's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here Thanksgiving but I'm making
this video because today November 24 is
the 20th anniversary of the death of
Freddie Mercury so continue to rest in
peace
to who I consider to be one of the
greatest vocalists in the history of
music like the guy the guy had a real
talent that there's a lot of people
don't have anymore Freddie Mercury was
talented he died of AIDS yeah people
joke about oh yeah there yet AIDS it you
know so rest in peace to Freddie Mercury
and that's it that's all I have to say I
just want to pay my respects to the guy
cuz he did a lot of good in music and
that's that Bridgette what do you got to
say well we're not talking about 5050
we're talking about Freddie Mercury who
had a very different illness than
whatever the guy on fifty-fifty had I
don't know how you doing speaking now
I'm gonna sing freddie mercury to you oh
man there's some people with foot fetish
who's been trying to get British feet in
a video so there you go wash your feet
around Bridgette we're just gonna show a
little skin yeah you gotta save some
don't show that he'll so for those with
the foot fetish this is so disrespectful
rest in peace Freddie Mercury take a
look at the foot fetish this is crazy I
thought you believed in God and have any
shit
come on what side do believer you don't
because if it happens real he comes down
every time somebody speaks about him
didn't mean to make you crying that was
bad it was really bad actually
I apologize Freddie Mercury I've I've
taken your creation and I started
stabbing it I really apologize he's like
if there is a heaven and he was watching
he just killed himself again so I don't
know where he is now I'm really hurt bad
