it's good on you guys keep behind the
camera here I just wanted to talk to you
guys about this company Alpine access
and how much they fucking suck and I
just got a text message old on force
Bridget I'm in class early and people
are talking shit about the class okay
send so alpine access which is a work
from home call center was employing my
friend Isaac and they just fired him
because his wife Nicole had a
miscarriage on their first child and he
had to take her to the emergency room
they asked him to provide proof and some
documentation that he had to take her to
the doctor which he did and they still
fired him so Alpine access fuck I mean
this guy just bought his first house
he's living on his own and this company
fires him because his wife lost their
first child and he had to take her to
the duck so he's set up a facebook like
page which you can see down here
somewhere around this area click it like
the page say they suck even if you don't
know what the company is just say they
fucking suck and that isn't obnoxious
asshole I assume I don't know what kind
of company fire somebody because they
had to take their wife to the hospital
because she was losing their first child
but that's a company that I wouldn't
want to work for and I don't recommend
anybody else work for if you work for
alpine access quit quit just quit like
the page and quit that place sucks so go
to the like page like it comment it talk
shit about Alpine access tell them how
much you dislike them even if you don't
know them just say it say you hate them
just like the page
cuz Alpine Access sucks and I was lazy
snorting behind me I'm gonna get anger
grandpa to say go fuck yourself Alpine
access watch this come on dad's ass what
come on say it
that's good goddamn out out
accent where they are so that was angry
grandpa and even he said screw Alpine
Access like the page below
tell them they suck weird occupy when
you need them occupy needs go down cut
it out cap again set that up get up well
in Neverland only got your money
occupied but whatever
then you would again and I was gonna go
go get rid of non-tariff after about
that one out
