what's going on you guys kicked me on a
camera here I just wanted to talk to you
real quick about the laptop prank that
happened today um first I'm gonna show
you a lot of problem I said right here
Bridget were just doing homework right
now actually
yo said oh she's studying then she's me
I'm going to open up the out laptops you
can get a good look at it
the wedge the button okay so here is the
laptop now he really over it was epic it
was but oh my god so this is the laptop
now it's cracked it's all fucked on dude
have you wanted to see it like that yeah
so I don't know why he flipped out the
way he did but he did
why is rifling on the TV because I just
thought watching all the fame so I'm
leaving it on you're not watching
anything so anyway when does the game
come out doe w12 yeah you have to be
gone for that I don't I don't want you
here on Tuesday cuz I gonna lock myself
up and play the game actually uh does
anybody know how to get Microsoft Points
somehow they have some generate her
something cuz I need some Microsoft
Points and I don't know how to get them
because I don't broke as hell so is
there like a code generator or something
that's legal that I can use or some
website that's debit of each one comes
out to this you gotta be gone um I'll be
here
Bridgette oh damn broken laptop so
that's that I'm actually gonna walk out
in a minute and see if he's still pissed
off at me he's actually oh he doesn't
leave the laptop anymore he stays on the
computer all day he has a new addiction
it used to be drinking it used to be
partying and now it's the internet so
I'm gonna go check up on dad see what
he's doing
hey Bob I want I'm just saying to be so
mad about the computer you have till mad
by that guy D a computer still yeah you
believe there's you Johnny who you are a
computer addict what how do we get in
touch with em to be true life I'm
addicted to the computer but I need a
ticket you can't prove out of get it you
need to get the fuck away from adding
any time I fallen hero
lalalalala fuck you - fuck you - how
often have I walked in here and you're
on the computer but your addiction I was
trying to fumble of relative if you
don't fucking mind
oh yeah well what about earlier you need
to go buy your business pickleboy mom
you gonna get him off the computer where
princess Yackey about mud fucking Helen
she's studying
what about she's done you she's in this
College how to give it a pajama butters
oh I got so carried all you feel like
your mama you better get ready bitch get
away me bitch you're happy with you
I ain't no good alright no one the fuck
you will present yeah you know you're
the only kid that computer damn you know
where's that yeah
you wonder he got there why won't you
give her the Madonna file you might
happen
