kid behind a camera here Bridget there a
lot of you have been asking me and
there's some Lightning over there I'm
expecting you struck for the end of the
video hey guess what what we just made
the coolest porn video but you'll never
see it that's not true oh yeah it's not
true it should happen in the bathroom
okay that's true oh okay um a lot of you
been asking me about the first time me
and Bridget wet wet hey the first time
me and Bridget met where we met how we
met
so because it's our anniversary I'm
going to explain that story T so 2008 on
MySpace that's a site if you go to
myspace comm that's a place so you meet
people at a place for friends anyone
notice how embarrassing they got my
space Dodger Bridget your spaces why
isn't it know her anyway
so we met on MySpace I saw her picture I
started talking to her told her she was
pretty she agreed to go out on a date no
that's not what happened
you posted a bulletin about blink 182
and I replied to it for some reason I
liked this picture and like you know I
like this God even know so any high
rises ball so this this is what my
picture that she likes so much look like
as a matter of fact I have the picture
this is it
I decided I was going to take her to a
movie so we went to see Zack and Miri
Make a Porno and it sucked it was an
awful movie I was really awkward
I was really entertaining as usual no I
was really awkward like we were sitting
next to each other except I was like
over here she was afraid of me and for
good reason I'm a serial rapist but this
wind is pissing me off and then he
pulled out his penis that was the next
date
no you pull out her penis in the theater
okay she's lying but I did pull my penis
out in the HH square the HH Greg parking
lot we did I explained on Black Friday
on her next day I pulled out my penis in
the parking lot 6 o'clock in the morning
pulled out his penis at the movie
theater no you grabbed my hand that's
what you did you've got my I don't know
where she gets I grabbed her hand for my
grab Boris one or the other but I guess
either you pulled out your penis oh you
touch my hand
what one of it happened I want to I
assumed I grabbed your hand your
probably yeah I probably did yeah
because grabbing your hand has nothing
to do with grabbing my penis no you
grabbed my hand to touch I don't she's
adding things on now yeah yeah penis so
yeah I touched her hand and we walked
around the parking lot that's a lie we
never even walked around we really like
for man if we walk around we talk to I
hop or something we want to I know we
did not we walked around the movie
theater parking lot we may find that guy
in the wheelchair for smoking while he
would have the oxygen machine hooked up
to himself Michael your dad was not
there she likes to alter events or just
pretend they didn't happen because that
never happened
it did happen never he is a liar sort of
life and her he has the worst memory
ever what did you get it I ha purge it
except french toast oh yeah what kind of
stuff French toast what's my berry
strawberry what'd I get
I didn't pay attention actually I
remember what she got but she doesn't
member what I got because mine was so
delicious we shared it no I took someone
so anyway back to me being entertaining
it was Black Friday we came back to my
place oh my god
don't tell them I'm not gonna say it
don't tell them that's personal I'm not
gonna go there um so it was Black Friday
I bought DVDs and we read in my bedroom
anyway I'm not head she's easy second
day no back add a second date week later
yeah I was like I was trying to be
respectful
yes very respectful I was not you know
you write me she any a blowjob
man I did and she swallowed Black Friday
was also the day she met angry grandpa
ha he was so rude he was rude
ah what did he say he said something
about McDonald's he was pissed off
because we got McDonald's and we didn't
get him any I guess so we went to
McDonald's on the way out from we were
leaving the Black Friday sales and we
came back with a bag of McDonald's and
we didn't have him anything I was too
embarrassed she was embarrassed he but I
did buy her something and I'll still do
that but we didn't get dad anything and
he pitched a bitch who's gonna focus
that bitch I was like yeah I was like oh
this is Bridget and the rest is history
here's an ass
so that's what it was like when we met
that's how we met it was our first date
Zack and Miri Make a Porno at the movie
theater followed by IHOP and then a week
later my bedroom on Black Friday when
something happened I can't talk about
cannot oh so that was I still see it so
vividly yeah pretty traumatic wasn't it
bridge is traumatic so that was our
first date and our first sexual conquest
the first time she saw my penis HH greg
parking garage why are you lying about
that is not a lot I don't wash rod your
penis up theater you did not yes yes I
did you did are you yes I did you really
think that happened happened it did not
and I want a liar you're trying to make
yourself sound like a bigger whore you
wronged her that did not happen
not a Whore doll but now that really hot
those of you think that I just have not
hard
swears mamas for your mom's life that
you grab a penis of the movies just like
what you like big yes so forget fall
Bridget I would remember you grabbing my
feelings not one person excuse me I
jerked off to our first kiss all week so
I would have remembered you grabbing my
penis I know it happened and maybe it's
trying to get me to but I was too so
when was this theater that never
happened first of all I'm not a sexual
like open and public kind of person is
so I would I'm not a sexually in public
person I would not have pulled out my
penis and I didn't but you got hard and
you pointed that's what happened yet
hard and you point she lies that
happened so I don't how you gathered I
pulled out my penis yeah you didn't pull
it out but she's lawyer all right all
right he did not pull out but he made me
touch it that didn't happen either
that's why we're together he's forcing
me I'm just what it is I forced her to
drive to my house every day
yeah so happy anniversary that was a
trip down memory lane she's squeezing my
hand I mean she's mad at me it makes me
really sad hurt me so that was our first
date
this first time she had my penis in her
mouth
no that wasn't uh no what was the first
time now in your room on Black Friday
that's what I'm talking about
I laid her out the theater Jesus I'm
leaving happy anniversary you're locked
out hey hey
