Oh your brush Thanks
oh my god what we're getting a thumbnail
you guys have you been eating corpse
what's going on you guys
what's going on you guys tip me on a
camera here for jaws here right there
today is Thursday sorry guys today is
Thursday and today the majority of this
vlog is gonna be telling you the story
of the time Bridget kind of fight with
Jimmy oh yeah guys and I have no regrets
she has no regrets guys it was a bad
fight Jennifer had to go to the hospital
the cops were called it was bad that's
gonna be the like the majority that's
what the whole vlog is gonna be everyone
can only take so much you know guys that
story's coming in a little bit but first
I'm gonna do a little bit of Twitter Q&A
for the vlog before we do it tomorrow
with anger grandpa today is Thursday
going to grandpa's house in just a
second you guys but before we do I gotta
stop and get some questions because
tomorrow we're gonna be finally
uploading the angry grandpa's Witter Q&A
you guys have been asking me where it is
you've been submitting your questions
for about three weeks now using hashtag
ask a GP and I'm just sitting here
gathering a whole bunch of the questions
together so we can get some answers for
you guys but the ones that I don't
answer or I guess not all of them
because there's gonna be so many but
some of the ones that I don't answer I'm
gonna answer right now
one vlog as I gather the questions so
here we go um little bit of Twitter Q&A
for the vlog it's been a long time since
we've done anything like that so extra
time let's answer some questions
the 22 dude said ask a GP has there ever
been a day where anger grandpa hasn't
raged there have been a lot of days
where grandpa hasn't raged man I don't
know if you've noticed but we haven't
uploaded a rage video in a long time
I guess there's been some semi rages
right some scream and he destroyed a
pizza but nothing like you know
destroying a television or you know
gaming consoles which is very fortunate
I think the last thing that he really
destroyed was the Nintendo switch so I'm
very very happy that things of like calm
down a little bit I don't know but yeah
there's been plenty days where he hasn't
liked
totally flipped out it just you know it
just comes and goes it you know he could
flip out today for all I know I don't
know I hope not
Theresa wants to know when was the last
time you went on a family vacation I'm
pretty sure I've told the story on vlog
if I haven't let me know in the comment
section below the last time we went on a
family vacation was the time that we
went to a fish camp dad had just bought
a camper we bought a fish camp
we got a boat and it got stranded in the
middle of the water for hours and I got
Sun poisoning if we haven't heard that
let me know in the comment section and
I'll tell it but that was the last time
we went on a family vacation
Willie asked a question I think it's for
dad but this is one that I can fill what
made you start youtube PS love your
videos
we started YouTube by a total accident
you guys one year for Christmas I
decided to make my sister a DVD and send
her a video of all of our family and
some stuff on Christmas that was gonna
be my Christmas present to her and in
the mix of making that DVD for her when
I was filming my nephew's open up their
Christmas presents dad showed up late
and he started screaming and being angry
because everybody opened up presents
without him and yeah thus angry grandpa
was born I uploaded the video when break
calm and YouTube for my sister to see
and virtually overnight I got a million
views and I was like oh my god people
want to see my dad so then I made a
second video telling my dad that a lot
of people had seen the video and he
freaked out threw coffee on me so that's
how it happened I uploaded one video to
show my sister in New York when she was
missing and it just took off so then I
just started filming I'm every chance
that I got of course there was a period
of time where we went from you know the
second video uploaded in January up
until the next video will be up being
uploaded in like April right you know
there was a big gap but I was trying to
you know get him to freak out I think
you know he was as I as what's going on
right now if he's not freaking out he's
not freaking out this person asked how
did you learn how to cook
I can actually answer this question for
me and dad dad learned how to cook when
he was a firefighter one of the things
that he did was cook for all the other
firefighters and that's one the reason
he makes so much food because he learned
how to make like food for like 20 hungry
firefighters at one time so that's the
first thing he learned how to cook in
the fire department and I learned how to
cook through him I was dad shadow when I
was a kid I followed him everywhere I
went everywhere that he went that sort
of kept me out of doing like drugs and
alcohol and I hung out with my dad and I
learned how to cook through them
this guy says Michael's odor been so bad
that it made you want to throw up and
vomit in the past speaking on my own
behalf I'm going to say that the answer
to this question is absolutely not
I smell like a better roses all the ways
okay if not hold on do this now what is
wrong wit goal somebody's asked a
question do I ever stink so bad that you
won't throw up yes what no yes you do
though Jess wants to know what is the
weirdest thing grandpa's eaten probably
liver pudding guys if you've never seen
the video angry grandpa's grocery store
rampage in that video we go to a store
called Dodgers and Dodgers he gets liver
pudding which is just like ground up
like liver and parts with like rice and
it's put in a casing and you eat it raw
I got no liver pudding one more question
you guys
Jacob born glum says if you had to be
locked in a room for 24 hours who would
you pick Jason or Freddy Krueger and why
I think that's a pretty easy answer
Freddy I'm not gonna go to sleep I'll
stay awake for 24 hours and then I
Freddy can't do anything to me lochley
and only in Freddy Krueger for 24 hours
he relies when you going to sleep to be
able to touch you now Jason on the other
hand I will be dodging a psychopathic
maniac for 24 hours and
probably probably I can't talk probably
I'll be slaughtered
so yeah I'm choosing Friday Kruger
obviously however if I had to choose
otherwise and Freddy was actually in the
living I would still choose Freddy
cuz he's just some burned up do with my
fingers I'm just gonna beat the crap out
of them right Jason is dead okay Jason
will kill you every time guys that's it
for the Twitter Q&A on my vlog I'm gonna
gather up some questions for dads and
that of any why can't I time it's still
too early folks that video is going up
tomorrow
I don't way to Grandpa's house right now
you guys because we are gonna tell us
what is this you tripped over that
yeah rolled me
okay all righty okay we are on our way
to grandpa's house right now you guys
sorry I got to watch every step that I
take yeah you should we're on our way to
grandpa's house because it is time to
tell the story of when Bridget got in a
fight with my sister yeah
guys you're gonna love it you click like
to hear it no more talking let's get to
grandpa's and we're a hit like no wrong
place here at grandpa's and it's time
for a little story time
yes you know the other day everybody
clicked like because you wanted to hear
the story about the time were Bridget
and Jennifer got in a fight brutal fight
and she's not being sarcastic it was a
brutal fight you guys it was a real
fight Jennifer and Bridget butted heads
bump fist and Jennifer was unconscious
in the kitchen floor that's how it
happened it was not would you do Bridget
so that's the story you guys I'm gonna
tell it right now you all wanted to hear
it
it was the time Jennifer cross Bridget
she shouldn't have done that you
shouldn't no no no no I should how long
ago was this Jennifer what was like the
time frame here Oh
back at trailwood 2011 I think yeah yeah
I think so it was it was a long time ago
you guys this woman here was a train
wreck
a total train wreck guys she was
drinking she was doing drugs
one night she passed out in front of a
bar in a ditch
I wrote it into a song good luck if you
can find it speed up the process the
keys to property yeah I mean a third
person cuz I'm awesome structure office
but she's got a pompous in the club
getting drunk she's got a problem
took the drive past now she's filled
alive dying outside in the ditch someone
made a cry so she walked down took a
bubbling almost on I think there's some
what pushed her man is funny because it
was enough she was dating a little
peanut head dude and this guy decided to
pull a gun out on me bang bang but
that's just another story that's another
story
smacked alike but if you want to hear
about that big mistake big mistake big
mistake Kris yep big one so back in 2011
Jennifer was the queen of crap talk oh
yeah she would always talk behind your
back she always had something to say and
sometimes would be a bit much it's like
okay don't talk about me okay I can hear
you we lived in a small trailer right so
one day Bridget comes over to the house
and jennifer is upset she's upset with
me because I'm using the phone at 10:30
on the dot at night to call Bridget that
was our thing
every night yeah I remember every night
me and Bridget had a time for him to
call each other at 10:30 at night no
matter what it was it was five seven
10:30 and we always called each other on
the phone every night and Jennifer was
getting mad because she wanted to use
the phone as a oh every night when can I
call my boyfriend she was getting lit
and so she wanted to break us up so one
day Bridget comes over to our house to
visit and we can hear Jennifer talking
to dad in the kitchen and she's making
up everything she could think of the
make up I'm not gonna repeat all the
stuff you guys it was horrible but she
was talking about finding things in the
shower things that should have been
flushed or thrown away guys she she was
just making it up and I don't know why
right and I was getting so angry and I
can see Bridget was getting angry
Bridget yeah was getting lit I had to
tell her I was like Bridget just ignore
ignore her it's still my family we can't
have any fighting here okay
yeah and that was the whole thing I
don't want any fighting I don't want
like anything to happen to my family of
course but then dinner happened me and
Bridget walk out to get something to eat
grandpa made some banquette TV dinners
some boxed mashed potatoes some sweet
peas I'm making her plate and we make
eye contact with Jennifer
and Jennifer being the fake she is just
smiled and said hey I looked over to
Bridget do the face yeah and she's like
what the hell did I do
I was like whoa whoa we need to calm
this down and then I got lit yeah I was
getting mad I was like calm down we're
mad at you I was pissed snapped in me
right and then Jennifer and her infinite
wisdom decides to pick up a chair yeah
and that's when I stop there yeah she
picks up a chair she starts rushing over
to me and that's I didn't even see
bridge it was like a blur yeah it's like
don't mess with my man like anyone it
was a total blur all I see is a fist go
woo over my shoulder and hit Jennifer in
the face by the way that's lipstick I
look over and Bridget is on top of
Jennifer like a UFC fighter just
pounding I take the camera bridges just
going I'm like oh my god Bridget we
gotta get you off and I move Bridget me
look and Jennifer is on the floor asleep
that was like oh my god wait you gotta
get up we did Jennifer starting to stir
around on the kitchen floor she like
would you do oh my gosh you gonna put
you out of here hey Bridget call your
mom you got to get out of town I said
I'm not leaving I can't leave you
Michael
Bridget was crying oh just go to jail I
thought I was gonna have to bail Bridget
at the time we had no bail money okay
and Jennifer calls 9-1-1 she's like
you're going to jail the police show up
and a really interesting thing happens
they look over at Jenny she's got a
busted nose and the cops like what
happened she's like she jumped on me now
I'm not gonna lie to the police officer
I don't believe and I was like yeah she
tried to throw chair at me and my
girlfriend defended me okay
you got you tried to throw a chair at
him yeah she admits it yeah she tried to
throw a chair
he looks over bridges got busted
knuckles and bridges like I hit him
first too much shut up and the cop and
he says okay I can't tell what happened
we can either take none of you or both
of you it was like ma'am calm down pulls
out the pepper spray I need you to calm
down she starts approaching the cop
right Jennifer's like what did I do
Jennifer gets amazed why did you
approach the cop I do wrong you came to
hit me with a weapon but a crazy lady
did so the cops like whoa back up ma'am
she kept coming wrong story
long story short Jennifer goes to the
hospital to get treated for a broken
nose
Bridget didn't get arrested and Jenny's
eyes burn probably and I never loved
yeah it all worked out it all worked out
and the moral of the story is don't talk
about me Jenny okay yeah don't talk
about me cuz I got knuckles yeah okay
that's the story you guys the time that
Jennifer and Bridget got into an epic
best fight guys it was amazing
Bridget defended me if you're wondering
why I didn't break up with her it's
because of that hello you say with your
ride or die if your girlfriend is
willing to fight your family to defend
you and you can't do it yourself stick
with him you guys okay Bridget was my
best friend she had my back she still
does if Jenny was in my face right now
yeah I would just push her off the steps
at this point guys that's the story
getting out here going home guys
remember smack the like but if you want
to hear the story of the time that
Jennifer's boyfriend tried to shoot me
yeah yeah big mistake let's get this
thumbnail
Oh your brush Thanks
oh my god what we're getting a thumbnail
you guys have you been eating corpse
keep trying
oh my god it's got to look right yo look
at you're screaming in my face like that
dad what's this smell like I can't
describe it
corpse yeah like a dead body don't do it
she's pissed right now
oh my god
Sting's okay
