what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here I got my ingrown toenail
surgery today this is where I'm at right
now gotta keep a bandaid on that thing
and that's Bridgette walking in so I
promised you guys today that I would
tell the story about how we almost
burned the house down on Thanksgiving so
that's what I'm gonna do so it was about
1999 we lived in Colombia in a nice
little house and dad big genius he is
decided to must make three turkeys that
year he wants to make the Cajun you must
make your typical turkey and he wants to
fry a turkey now we've never fried a
turkey before and I don't think he knew
how to do it as proven by the result
Thank You Bridget
so dad decides first he has his little
burner set up and he has a pot sitting
on there they decide to fill the pot all
the way to the top with grease that's
your first step
I assume it's got to be halfway here so
you can't have it all the way to the top
so they let it go on and now it's
smoking so dad decides he's going to
leave it heating and about 45 minutes
has gone by the damn pot is just smoking
and we're like I'll hold up that you
better do something quick cuz I know
you've no good 15 minutes that's a lot
of grief in there so we let it now it's
black smoke coming off of it
hey let okay no it's ready this guy
drops the turkey into the pot burns the
shit out of his hands his hands are all
claw
starts boiling over there's a flame at
the bottom of the contraption he's made
on the porch and now all the grease all
over the porch the flame catches it
fires everywhere all over our front
porch but my sister Kim is underneath
like an idiot she's underneath the porch
with a pot trying to catch grease as it
drips all over her face and arms she's
screaming she's burning the hell up the
porch is on fire the fire department
shows up so the fire department comes up
there laughing their asses off at us
putting the fire out the neighbors are
all out looking
the whole porch is just black and the
grass around the porch is smoking
luckily the house didn't catch fire they
got to it the fire department got to it
before that could have happened but
that's the story about when angry
grandpa almost burned our entire house
down because they wanted to make a fried
turkey and I'm not too sure he knew how
to do it now with one of fried turkey
we asked Bridget's mom's boyfriend
that's the story I'll have more stories
to tell right now I'm going to show you
a quick quick clip about my toe
okay I'm scared I'll take this thing off
and yeah I'm scared though how gross is
it I was nasty wasn't that
