what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here that's angry grandpa
that is something sticky possibly gum I
just wanted to talk to you about
something I just got today as being part
of the public better testing for the new
Xbox Live dashboard update I just got it
and I wanted to show it to you guys it's
not really gonna be available for a few
maybe like around December 1st I believe
so I just got it today I want to show it
this is the new Xbox Live dashboard
update if this should work hangar
grandpa's still talking in their honor
who you talking to
alright so here we have it this is the
initial dashboard and of course here
we'll go and look and see all the losers
playing modern warfare 3 look at this
look at all those losers dude all those
modern warfare 3 is being played right
now idiots
okay so you got apps you can download
Comcast you can download UFC you can
download a whole bunch of crap man for
applications right now as betta all the
applications aren't there yet but they
will be added over time so let's go back
well bright I guess you can't really see
it okay here's something that's kind of
cool check this out
all right Xbox Bing Harry Potter and
there's some Harry Potter shit this is
definitely how those cartoons check this
out
I was gonna play the trailer for this
which as for copyright reasons I will
now turn it off so that's the new Xbox
dashboard update it's really cool angry
girl still talking in there this looks
like crap right now I'm not talking
about myself ok so I am going to play
some GTA how about that I'm gonna play
some GTA some san andreas that's what I
do
so that's it that's the new update from
Xbox keep a lookout boards coming
December 1st for everybody else and this
piece of crap slipped and I hear dad
yelling in there so thanks for watching
subscribe thumbs up subscribe do
whatever you want to be you're gonna do
it anyway
unsubscribe to me thumb down the video
tell me I'm fat later
