so here I am I'm gonna tell another
story for you guys
growing up with angry grandpa and the
son this story I'm going to tell you is
from a Thanksgiving of our past and I
hear dad yelling about a hat inside
there this story is about the time he
made the dressing too salty now it was a
few years ago who's actually the
Thanksgiving where he bitched at mom
about eating the ham and stuff we want
to eat it all eat it come on boy III eat
up
so he's making dressing wit now
addressing in the south I don't know if
it's the same everywhere so I'm just
going to explain the dressing is like a
stuffing made into like a like a souffle
kind of thing and you you put like
cornbread and spices and toast and you
mush it all together and you bake it
well he did this but he made it too
salty I don't know he stumped his damn
toe on the salt or what but it was
disgusting
we all took a taste of it it was
disgusting it was horrible we all wanted
to throw up and any time you tell Dad
that his cooking's bad he gets furious
he'll look at you until your Donita
motherfucker goddamn vote for me which
in this case that would have been fine
more for you buddy
so he's going to try to rectify the
situation his first step is he takes
more bread and he turns it into toast
and he mushes it into it hoping that'll
fix it putting into this mixture of
garbage it was horrible and that failed
the next step is he took some more
cornbread he had some leftover cornbread
he mixed that in there put a little bit
of chicken stock in there didn't fix it
it was just as bad except now we have
too much stuffing so mom looks at dad
and says why don't you try washing it in
the sink with the strainer you could not
have said a worse thing to dead at that
point dad takes the rest of the stuffing
that he has leftover he slings it off
the counter and he said you stupid fat
bitch I'm
kick your goddamn ass and so he takes he
had a bunch of cans on the counter he
swipes those things off the counter he
rips up bags of marshmallows they go
over he is pissed off you you would not
believe how pissed off he is about this
two minutes later he's got the stuffing
and the sink and he's washing it just
like she asked him to do I'm gonna have
more Thanksgiving stories for you guys
like the one where he was so hungry that
he puts the spoon in the dressing and
the snaps and cuts his hand open and
there's another one where a house one
was burned down because they wanted to
make a fried turkey and it lit the whole
porch on fire
that's another story for another day I'm
gonna tell her I'm gonna save it
probably tomorrow I have my toe surgery
on Tuesday well it's bad so my ingrown
toenail is getting fixed on Tuesday I'll
tell it then Bob why I just told them
the story about the time glad there was
our wife you're like I just told them
the story about the time you think about
your mother why the story at the time
you made the dressing too salty oh hello
how to do that and you washed it in the
sink to fix it
it work did it no it was just as
disgusting you read it I did not I went
to Bridget Turnitin I told you you lie
you lie
