okay I am on my way to gamestop to trade
in modern warfare 3 I gave it a full day
like the comments said and you know what
game still sucks it still sucks so I'm
trading this in I'm gonna take it gives
you $30 creighton trade-in value I'm
gonna trade it in and I'm gonna get
battlefield 3 like I should have done in
the first place what are your thoughts
Bridget go for it
I want realism I want the big boy game I
don't want the baby game anymore I'm
gonna sing right now to piss off the
trolls I'm gonna trade in modern warfare
cuz your game sucks
goodbye modern warfare I hope these
people are game something like what the
hell is wrong with you my gosh I'm
talking with them like I actually made a
big deal in game shop yesterday when I
was buying it oh yeah fuck bad and what
battlefield 3 and then Here I am the
next day yeah gonna trade this in
battlefield 3 oh my god
oh is that the same guy hope it's new
people that's probably the same Asian
probably a different other guy he's
always beijing wasn't there yesterday
yeah he was he was not at all night 1 he
was there no he's gonna see me doofus I
saw him I saw him what kind of handy
have black blonde okay so I just got
back from Gamestop and now I have
battlefield 3 I've got a big boy game
and I can tell already you know what if
I don't like it
I can't dislike it as much as I did
modern warfare 3 so either way I'm fine
and it paid 20 more dollars for after my
story my trading credit and so here it
is battlefield 3 the real shooter game
that only sold 5 million copies which is
a shame I hope it's good fun those guys
looked at me like I was straight-up out
of my mind the guy goes huh you die I
can't believe you're trading it in
yeah I'm trading it in cuz your game
sucks you saw version what did you think
it was funny I don't saw what the game I
didn't like it
I thought the graphics are dumb yeah
like honestly the graphics look like
shit
and who says it's fun I mean it's all
about graphics - the graphics are really
important so if I can get a fun game
that's realistic with good graphics
why would I push away back and now if
it's like the same thing it's just
photographic sorry yeah kind of like I
want a war game that has good graphics
here's my answer
thanks you guys subscribe which I'm sure
you're not going to eff broadcaster me
Bridget west youtube.com slash Bridget
west and twitter.com slash Bridget
laughs or twitter.com slash Lehrer cold
wrap oh yeah that's right how about me
my video could we be in trouble for
filming more of driving I'm gonna turn
this off just in case got battlefield 3
I'm gonna go home and play it so I've
been playing battlefield 3 and this is
just a much better day I'm gonna show
you guys it real quick so you guys can
just get a look at it
this right here is battlefield 3 and
it's much better than modern warfare 3 I
just really like it a lot more made a
good decision
