what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here I'm just gonna keep this
real quick
today I bought modern warfare 3 for the
Xbox 360 had to have it it sucks I mean
come on you think by now they would make
some leaps and bounds to have a
different game but modern warfare 2 wow
this game is awesome black ops well ok
so a little bit like modern way for a
few but it's good here we are again the
same game
modern warfare 3 I don't like you
I'm gonna wipe that off actually I'm
gonna trade it any game stuff I don't
want to spit on it basically I just paid
$65 for some new maps just give me a new
just give me a new download pack don't
make me pay $65 for a new game when it
isn't I should have got battlefield 3
battlefield 3 looks like the big boy
shooting game this one's for teenagers
and kids
I may be kid behind the camera but I'm a
man and I should have gotten a man's
video game this ain't the one seeing
battlefield 3 graphics compared to this
was a shit this is shit
really the case graphics it look way
better than the game itself maybe we'll
show a couple of cutscenes don't think
the game looks good it doesn't it
doesn't looks like somebody didn't paint
it's bad so I want battlefield 3 now I
don't want this game sucks
shouldn't have bought it it was an
impulse buy Jose caught me and I got to
get this don't buy things on impulse
people it's a mistake so now I'm going
to be buying battlefield 3 and this
thing is just going to be sitting
somewhere maybe I'll pop it in every now
and again maybe beat the levels or
whatever but as far as the game goes
don't really like it
