this is the garbage mom do you have any
worse for unveil it I think it looks
nice dad
they're leaving little one goes with my
radio station what about the piece of
trash mom Bart in the house what do you
think I told you nothing or now what do
you think about the trash and I'll tell
you the one litter now this trash yeah
okay and here it is the trash mom
brought into the house
personally I like it
some other when you found that garbage
on the side of the road did you know it
was going to be nice I can make anything
rise except yourself with that I'm
kidding
see all the discolorations all over my
face no makeup you know I showed up a
picture of you and dad from the 80s
you're holding a baby I don't know which
one it is I don't think it's Jenny cuz
it does look like an alien it's probably
Charlie and I think I saw a bottle so it
would make sense that is Charles um now
then everybody's saying you look like a
model in the picture I look like a model
yes and dad was individual yeah no you
wrong man what doesn't he dad he would
leave you for will what I want to say I
yank you out okay you know I'll kill his
eyes is really good coming all right it
did right
God gave me something for my joints your
joints
you're not going oh oh joints in your
knee I'm not that kind of joke I don't
do drugs you always got something behind
your ear oh I've got a check and see
what it is pin I'm always carried of him
remember I had a pin of Mara
bust behind my ear and in the airport
the gas knocked against the other person
on the airplane moved away from me
because he thought it was dirty because
I had dirt always a pin mark all over my
neck let's show everybody what we're
talking about
Oh oh my god
so we dug in the trash
yeah like damn
what are you doing just filming you I
don't want you to fill me there there's
my radio station
would you do
you
