okay it is here's really noisy all of a
sudden isn't it okay so a lot of you
been requesting that I tell you stories
about growing up and there are ice cream
trucks on both sides there and over
there okay I don't know what it is the
ice cream trucks in the neighborhood
just start decide to come out while I
start recording the competition he could
summer ice cream I think it's more like
we'll see how loud I could turn my
volume up it's a little loud huh okay so
a lot of you have been requesting that I
tell you stories about what it was like
growing up with angry grandpa
so that's what I'm gonna do the first
story I'm gonna start off with I'll call
the butter and the cheese because it
sticks out the most with me it was about
a week before Christmas and that is a
giant truck playing Spanish music so it
was a few days before Christmas about a
week before Christmas and my cousin
Chris was staying over with us and we
had sleeping bags set up on the floor
and we were watching television you know
just having a good time hanging out and
that's when dad walks by us
now I'm only seven years old mind you
we're watching television and dad opens
the fridge and his cheese is missing
somebody had taken giant bites of his
cheese now by now we know it was my
sister Kimberly but at the time we
didn't know all of a sudden we hear who
am i god damn cheese in comes the cheese
like a frickin softball hits the wall it
just boom next thing you know it's
followed by the butter comes whirling
like a frisbee
and it hits the wall and explodes
everywhere I guess he was going to make
a grilled cheese sandwich or something
the cheat the butter explodes the cheese
goes everywhere
my mom decides to come in and clean up
the butter off the wall she starts
wiping it and dad said Oh
know who you were not clearing out
butter off the wall I swear to god I'll
have y'all back off he does not let
anybody clean the butter off the wall it
stays if you look at her Christmas
pictures from that year Kim if you hear
me
look for your albums see if you have
this photo I'm opening a present and you
see butter smeared across the wall in
the background because he wouldn't let
anybody clean it pretty girl um I got a
key
yeah I'm telling the story about you
Dobie telling story that I got it about
what goes on in this house what happens
here is like Vegas and stayed here you
do it people want to know so I'm telling
them you threw cheese and butter against
the wall for no reason see that use the
video yes I will see it when you dug it
there's two sides to every story against
it are you locked out huh he flipped out
over cheese for no reason
no reason you liar you liar
who who flips out over cheese not me
that's the truth he flipped out over
cheese for no reason you should have
labelled our cheese like that you
weren't there
I know so that's part of growing up with
angry grandpa I got plenty more to tell
there are many stories maybe there's
what there's one story where he takes
his heel into my back like yeah because
I would I scratched his feet too hard
that's another story it's another day
that's life with angry grandpa that
story number one I guess stories
everyone you come back help
