what's going on you guys it's kid behind
the camera here and I'm gonna talk about
the five news stories that I find
important or are just trending so let's
get started right now at number five
number five would be the fact that Andy
Rooney passed away today so let's give a
brief moment of silence
now we don't got time for that come on
it's only a short vlog here rest in
peace let's move on
okay so they were lip-synching on the
x-factor who cares I mean just because
they were lip-synching doesn't mean they
don't have talent
I'm not even going with my voice god
dammit dad screaming back there time to
shut up um where was why is this news
who cares if his name is k-fed really
well who cares
so the guy's a little fat he's a single
mom why do we even care what Kevin
Federline looks like does he even do
anything does he work I mean we don't go
to Rhonda working the cashier at Walmart
and tell her that she needs to get in
better shape for her three kids in
elementary school because they're
nobodies
I'm the come one it's not Britney Spears
so last night Arnold Schwarzenegger that
he pronounce his name
Schwarzenegger anyway the Governator
stopped at Walmart in Albuquerque New
Mexico and he purchased his entire crew
fresh coats and shirts from Walmart what
how do you wear clothes from Walmart the
one Scott Smith dad web and Walmart
clothes but the good enough for all of
you take that $300 and buy your kid an
Xbox
the last thing going on around the world
today is Justin Bieber and his baby mama
drama
with Maria Jeter Mariah Eater somebody
so Justin Bieber had a little sex after
one of his concerts and as the story
goes he had sex with Maria leader
resulting in 30 seconds of wonderful
pleasure and a baby I'm hoping so much
please I'm praying to the Illuminati
Illuminati are you out there
please let Justin Bieber be the father
of that baby but I'm not that lucky
it's probably just some liar maybe she's
lying maybe she's not lying maybe Justin
Bieber did have her baby okay I don't
want to go there it's just news right
now until the paternity test which isn't
like December or something and then
we'll find out and that cat is eating
something else right now
did you hear me rapper early what you
drinking
oh you were given milk open the door I
was reading lots of comments and most
every one of them said feeding cats milk
can make them go blonde that's what the
comments then the poor cat supposed to
drink water so I hope you are the father
of the baby Justin Bieber I really hope
you are you're probably not probably a
liar some money-grubber
but we can hope right what is that what
an asshole I want to see how loud I can
get so that's the news entertainment or
otherwise all entertainment there's no
otherwise so that's that I'll probably
do another one of these next week
hopefully there's something new
happening but Judge by now it'll be
either the Kardashians or Justin Bieber
cuz there's never anything else
happening except for them building stuff
later
