kidding we don't hey what happened she's
going home I gave her some dog food kid
behind that you give her some dog food
yeah the food you picked out for lazy
and he didn't like somebody leave a
comment below can those cats eat old ROI
dog food anyway yes it's food we're sure
human beings dude we are and we could
eat okay shut up
okay the wind's coming this way okay she
did one funny thing and she's trying to
recapitalize on that by trying to jump
up and down and be funny anyways we all
know I'm the most funny person my hair
smells like shit okay so my idea do the
vlog out here was horrible let's go to
your car you got keys get your keys
while we walk to the car to get warmer
listen to this somebody listen up cuz
I'm second fuck fuck fuck them I've had
enough keeping up with for what god I
hate least once mistreat people they
step on while stepping on they're
worthless bitch draw back the curtains
Christian there's the wizard okay that
song was about the Kardashians frigid I
hate the Kardashians they're not
supposed to be famous
can somebody leave a comment below as to
why exactly the Kardashians are famous
in the first place I asked the question
on Google and nobody seems to know okay
so we get that their father defended the
murderer so he's famous and their
stepfather competed in the Olympics in
the 70s
and he's famous and that's about it
Kim's vagina is typical okay so she got
reamed on camera
who hasn't who has shed sex on camera
why aren't we fake why aren't we famous
why not
how come Kim Kardashian has sex on
camera and all of a sudden they have a
reality show come on I mean come on I
would like to be on a how do normal
people get a reality show why is it my
family on a reality show all the crap
that happens here for real I mean
Courtney uh she's the hag that his dad
talked about the anger grandpa they're
not they are not aging well that family
yeah they're fucking old
they're all old I think they get
faceless for like Christmas presents now
Courtney is top of your second thanks
mom I think Kim is pretty without makeup
but I don't like her as a person I think
she's a bitch now we'll talk about our
cry phase nobody go home I knew oh hell
now mother fuck all you do is start crap
with me you don't respect me as a lie
that's all I mean she just slapped me
across the face next on Keeping Up with
the Kardashians I'm thinking I can't
believe this is happening right now
where is she going
it was a two million dollar ring they've
been married for 72 days and she doesn't
want to give it back he makes oh like
four five million a year she and her
family made 60 million sixty-five
million they're greedy version that ring
it's not a gift first of all it's a
commitment ring that is what marriage is
commitment so you don't get to keep a
ring if you're not gonna be married to
the guy it's etiquette to give the ring
back after 90 days now Kim I know you're
not very good at math and stuff but 72
days is shorter than 90 days
look they showed their true colors the
Kardashians true colors are green they
don't care about anything but
okay so here's something happened a year
ago Kim come walk in there I guess there
was something going on like she had a
botched facelift or something
mom I have my face is melting and that's
when Kris was probably like Kim I need
you to turn off the cameras for a second
because we need to have a serious talk
and then so that's when they turn off
the cameras guys
Kim pushed her face up what mom so she
came up with the idea now Kim you've
already been with too many black boys we
know that you've had to you need to find
you a good white boy go with Chloe to a
basketball game and you need to find one
and then after a year you need to marry
him that way you can keep the diamond
ring we can get lots of money from the
multi-million dollar wedding and you'll
keep the ring and you'll divorce him
only a few months later and then Kim
says how much money are we talking mom
Millions Kim I'll do it so that's what
happened in my opinion oh it's kind of
like a fact now I mean come on
like she didn't even change her last
name yes she was going to it's a house
full of whores can I say that with but
it's just my opinion it's a house full
of whores so it's a whorehouse it's a
multi-million dollar whorehouse
