put the lipstick on me okay Carol you
better show out come on bro
yes Carol can see as shit as protector
anymore
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here to us here right there and
today I'm a verified salmon guys today
is Wednesday and today you guys have
blown us away and yesterday's vlog I
asked you to put a pumpkin by your name
and use the hashtag verified Shannon
yeah and you guys went crazy there are
so many verified geology guys
let's take a look at a couple these
verified Shannon's right now it's this
is crazy but look how many verified
chants freaking insane guys I love you
so much
I did not expect snow it's many people
to become verified Shannon's guys
there's still time to become a verified
chin and if you don't know what a
Shannon is ask the people in the comment
section because I'm tired of explaining
it everybody has a Shannon in their life
right yeah it has to be a Shannon at
some point or if not they have that ad
that's like okay let's make cookies
grandma
Shannon comes from a real place your
grandma and your aunt combined into one
person yes Oh Mike and I'm a Shannon -
when I first met bridges aunt she was
like oh everybody get over here I made
reindeer cookies I was like who's this
yeah that's why I turned her into a
character with her grandma yeah oh
really happy and joyful and Oh with
tidings of comfort and joy a little of
Christmas anyway guys this intro is not
about Shannon this intro is about
today's blog which is me and Bridget
making dreams come true making dreams
come true life will be complete after
this never ending pasta there are two
things you guys two things that I have
been adamant Adam Pocahontas say the
word correctly Michael two things that I
have been adamantly waiting for number
one was pagoda and that
happen jet you don't know pagoda is the
most delicious Chinese food I've ever
had
number two never ending pasta at Olive
Garden and every time I talk about going
to Olive Garden throwing that's not real
Italian food well I don't eat seafood a
lot of it's a real Italian food is
seafood
I like American pasta sauce and never
any pasta folks were going Olive Garden
here we are folks just like I said Oh
Charlies just kidding
excuse the hurricane-force winds that
are blowing into the camera right now
we're at Olive Garden we'll be back at
the table I'm so excited
oh I spend it for no reason because
Brigitte insider Cash Money camera
uh-huh we'll be back at the table there
it is everybody oh my god never ending
pasta when they say the pasta never ends
they mean it yeah I will be here until
next fall eating pasta and they can
never end it's not sometimes ending
pasta yeah it's pasta never ends never
ending pasta bowl yeah it'll never end I
live it does it talk about for some
reason I live at Olive Garden would I
live it Olive Garden - I got fettuccine
with alfredo and I got fettuccine
noodles meat sauce and meatballs classic
color yeah I am so looking forward to my
first pasta I'll be right back you guys
give me two excited I'm embarrassing
myself actually never any embarrassing
yourself by the way am i drooling no but
I am she is what does this Bridget
is this grapes or olives I don't know
guys what is this and if it is like
grapes olives is this how it's really
grown it's an olive tree the customer
over here hazard in their front yard
guys I don't mean I don't need a hold
all three chairs all look at this thing
Bridget oh my gosh what is it I don't
know mulatto and you got got a dip it
like good
they're do this yeah some meatball cow
something that's interesting what is
this
it's wine vodka tequila Kiwis and
sparkling water why do you insist
that I'll like if we keep you might
you feeling anything yet no this is good
nice yeah that one has pretty much the
same stuff except the strawberry flavor
it's it's what its elegance this is
strong alcohol no it is rigid oh my god
okay here's a question why don't you be
a spoon destroy your noodles then but
like rabid no like we take the fork and
then you put you put an arm spoon in
your toilet
really yeah before I've never done it
yeah it's way too my way I 1202 the fork
in the spoon yeah and then keep twirling
I've seen my teacher do it before when I
was in elementary shoes to see points
yeah what are you feeling are you
feeling me take away
oh my god do you think your
what are you doing did you imagine it
with this much pepper pasta kitchen on
the right oh I I said are you wasted
really
yeah you like being belligerent alright
guys so Michael is
I'm sorry it's funny here you're very
funny drawn
Steve camera out my face I have to tell
you something important
there is no out someone this Michael
there's no alcohol anymore no I mean
there's no alcohol all right guys so
Michael is passed out drunk and I don't
think we're good yeah cuz you're just so
wastin all shouldn't give me that drink
yeah it was a strong alcoholic beverage
guys like let me tell you the alcohol
content and it was zero well you know I
can't I don't like I said zero there's
no alcohol in it
there was no of what no alcohol then why
am i falling asleep carbs I don't know
freakin carve over luck get us eat up
how do I do this
delete the footage no does this not go
faster no delete it tell a guy now it's
embarrassing that is embarrassing I
can't believe because I feeling then I
was a placebo obviously that was alcohol
oh yeah but why are you so normal now
delete it then Oh a minute I'm
embarrassed
we're leaving don't be embarrassed
though it's actually adorable no it's
not I legit feel like I my love for you
grew just a little more over that really
guess what after that meal my heart grew
to
enlarged heart how do you express I
can't see anything the sunlight is in my
eyes you guys are you sure you're just
not too trash stop
folks we dinner's over
we're at halloween Express yeah are you
sure you're okay to go in stop okay
I'm humiliated we're cutting that out of
vogue right no I might even find it
title for it no we're not no we're not
no we're not seriously shuffling things
a crime huh
I don't know that let's go dude I know
that's what I was gonna do not wit not
right hey guys so I found this hat and
I'm gonna pull Michael over what are you
doing sir you're under arrest so you're
this folks find her you're under arrest
sir we're gonna get kicked out of your
cool stuff no no how fast you've gone
ma'am how fast pretty fast
really I gotta take a minute to laugh at
bridges she wants me to take her picture
in the halloween Express but for some
reason she just wants to do duck lips
okay that was our little plan scans for
that am i embarrassed that I did it a
little bit it's so hot in there oh my
gosh if that was a dog brownie on me
like that yeah how would you do
don't worry babe I would crap my pants
and probably die I've had too much pasta
to deal with this oh no you did not just
do it don't say yeah did you just crap
your pants turn around turn around on
the ceiling yes
oh no Michael the job no we gotta you
gotta go phone my enemy
it's scaredy bat mites excuse me I've
had diarrhea since we left Olive Garden
oh my gosh that's right I'm thinking I
should be behind you so you cover your
your cropped pants I'm saying it sorry
guys I can't show you um okay guys so
Michael what are you doing honey it's
okay it happens to everyone
Bridget I'm sure I even did it why are
you filming
um because I vlog okay but I don't want
people to know about this here dude
have you got any pranks for me in here I
don't trust me be good
you cutting it out no I would have to
cut everything then
they understand I had a lot of pasta I
mean yeah I mean yeah see I can't get
out of the car stop filming me I move
zingin I know I mean I cannot oh okay
Michael don't believe nothing okay crap
my pants it's not showing up how pretty
it is because it's so beautiful and now
it's gone out wow man you stopped
raining but what is going on I took out
the camera man bridge we're looking at
like 30 seconds like wow that's the most
beautiful cloud I've actually car wreck
over it she's not lying
we almost got to a car accident and I
was like you know what let me break out
the camera and right when I hit record
to like seconds of rainfall look it's
gone yo I know but at least my
windshield is clean two seconds of rain
falls the clouds dissipate from the
beautiful thing we were seeing and now
the rain is gone
and that was a sign you guys were never
supposed to see those beautiful cloud in
the world it was so beautiful how they
go a very the Sun was behind it and it
was like silhouetted and yeah
very beautiful Wow but it's gone this is
a total travesty Bridgette what are we
gonna do I would just call you Carol
that's not guys Carol she's a friend
Carol I wanted to have Shannon and the
outdoor the vlog you're gonna him to be
like yeah we got a very special guest
for you guys a very special message
can't say that word we got a very
special message I thought it was gonna
have a special guest it was gonna be
Shannon I got this wig and how we
expressed and this is not Shannon no
that's Carol so the message is gonna be
from Carol now instead of Shannon well
I'm sorry it
yooper put this wreath over me okay
oh my god I'm pissed about the wig I'm
sorry I'm just gonna wear this wreath
this is what are you thinking with this
cherry is Carol just crazy who's Carol
Carol sings Christmas carols IV
Christmas Carol oh my god it's Christmas
Carol Shannon's best friend yeah okay
I'll be Carol for now but guys when you
see it later it was Stan it's supposed
to be Shannon oh my god our ball doesn't
look like nothing it doesn't look like
Shannon at all I'm gonna have to we're
gonna figure something out tomorrow
though oh I think you should do the gray
one this Carol this yeah okay but I'm
gonna need a shirt what is he doing et
when you think amongst the teddy bear so
this thing I don't care you poop your
pants
oh thank you put the lipstick on me okay
Carol you better show out come on bro
yes Carol can she is Shanna's protector
I need more good kill you so where is
that wig I don't know does Jenny have it
that's right we change the Cheryl wig to
Jennifer so basically it's gone forever
No
I need my wig back Cheryl and these are
hair babe okay I could Sarah why would
you think Cheryl I don't know it's Carol
he'll be giving me the name Carol and
then I said Shannon I'm saying Cheryl
together
that's the hybrid so anyway Carol wants
you to know that Shannon needs our hair
back so seriously and I gotta shave this
if I'm gonna do Shannon I gotta get rid
of this yeah you're all up in my face
bro you have something in your teeth you
sure are you doing look like Miranda
sings okay so beautiful okay forget heat
her wait how does not a Miranda sings I
suck at everything we just did our
Terrell sketch you guys it was supposed
to be Shannon couldn't find our wig I
need it back yes prove to me off my face
well that's gonna be a fitted a you guys
thanks for watching have a crappy day
that's not included in the crappy day no
is my like a shorty day okay that is a
big difference poor thing
I ain't pasta with meatballs really nice
okay I'll stop oh my god all right
so what exactly was it was it the
meatball no okay it's enough it was
probably the alcoholic beverage guys I
drank a whole lot of drink guys here
thanks for watching thanks for watching
you guys before we get out of here I got
a very special met Barry I can't talk
today I got a very special met okay hold
on for some reason that's a hard
sentence to string together guys I
very special message from a very special
guest I can say I got a very special met
ok go watch a very special message
it just sounds weird guys there's a
special message
everybody say you're a doll what's going
on somebody wants to say thank you for
all the verified Shannon messages you
guys a little bit of a preview guys
let's check on Shannon hi everybody it's
me arrow and I want you to know that I'm
only in here because we got the wrong
way why did I only shave for this I
don't know Michael we weren't prepared
all right forget it
hi everybody it's me Cheryl and I want
to let you Cheryl at the wrong week this
is crap okay hey I'm done with it
we're just not including the cam it
hides me para Shannon wants you to know
this boy starts that's me Carol I mix
old Cheryl Jenner see Cheryl again it's
not Cheryl it's Carol hi everybody it's
Carol okay hi everybody it's me Carol
and I want to let you know that Shannon
is just tickled pink that you got this
sucks okay thank you for thank you guys
so much
we're becoming verified Shannon's that's
not the official Shannon this is just a
little taste
I had a signify taste somehow ulis
that's so cool guys it's amazing how
many of you did it so thank you guys
Shannon's coming back in October thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite
everything to us
and that's it
so much shanon's and shannon loves you
back
