okay so a lot of people have been
writing me Bridget wants to get into the
shot a lot of people been writing me and
they've been asking how come I haven't
been doing the daily vlogs like I
promised I was gonna do and then I'm a
liar and I'm a father so I'm here to
tell you why yes these are a Victoria's
Secret lots of lots of wasted money um
anyways the reason we haven't been doing
the daily vlogs is because this camera
that I'm using now is pretty much shot
let me show you in the mirror here what
I'm talking about the only way it'll
work is if I guess I don't really think
this through
but this thing let's watch it what
happened okay it's working now actually
well I look like a wire now there it
goes
alright this thing works now come on I'm
from a liar like we do this they can see
it that way okay so this is what happens
to it when I'm trying to look through a
record of course it works there but on
my side I can't show it can't see it
it looks like it's getting worse it does
that Richmond oh so it's dying the
camera is dying so we are now standing
out to buy a new camera so until then I
gotta make it work this way we didn't
expect this to happen my mirror is dirty
isn't it hey Brad you getting the shot
oh yeah a lot of people are mad at us
because we eat the candy there
apparently they understand more they
just like us okay cuz what candy Pheebs
thoughts was good it was still sick so
that's why we haven't been doing the
daily vlogs I will I won't record
something tomorrow but it's really hard
to record on this thing man stupid I
hate it but I'll start making it work
tomorrow but anything else ad we don't
have kids okay we don't have kids
everybody thinks those aren't kids no
they're not our children
oh he's not my brother obvious or not
people think best though oh yeah it's
really stupid hit me
I said don't hit me
