so I just watched the new Grand Theft
Auto trailer and it looks like it's
gonna be set in San Andreas Los Santos
over there and Vinewood and the game
looks amazing
the graphics look amazing man this game
is oh god I can't wait
there's no news on when it's going to be
released to what system it's going to be
released because there's news that it
could be for the next generation I don't
whatever it is man this game looks
amazing I got to go see what a your
grandpa things got to got as guest
wedding grandpa things I'm going to be
enough agree to hell our air of God very
big man I just watched the Grand Theft
Auto trailer what do you think Mac your
damn guitar look we doing okay energy
job so far yeah yeah yeah Grand Theft
Auto five books those can be set in fine
way with you but you dig with that 105
and you drive it love your fat after get
out here for president like food greener
I'm sure he'll appreciate it later
