you know a lot of you are asking me what
it was like growing up with angry
grandpa so I decided I'm going to tell
you guys what a couple of our
Halloween's were like as a kid he took
us everywhere we wanted to go
trick-or-treating from 6 o'clock in the
afternoon to 10 o'clock at night
building up to Halloween he would take
us to hay rides and haunted houses and I
don't know I don't know Halloween is his
favorite month
Halloween's his favorite month I don't
know if October's his favorite month or
something but that was always a good
month for us man we had our tradition of
every Halloween we'd go
trick-or-treating and then we go eat
some Pizza Hut we would sit down we
would eat Pizza Hut and it was just a
good time and angry grandpa you know
he's not always an asshole he is
sometimes there's a lot of memories we
have were you know he did I guess you
could say ruin the holidays he's ruined
other Christmases one of my favorite
memories at Halloween with angry grandpa
it's something that he's going to
mention a little bit on a vlog we were
driving down the street it was actually
the highway he was going about 65 miles
an hour we were in the back of this
truck first of all it's freezing as cold
like Halloween night in the back of a
truck going down the highway sucks and
dad has his window rolled down in the
cab of the truck at some point I don't
know when he lets one rip man he farts
and you know we didn't know at the time
we were sitting there looking at her bag
as a candy whoo I got dots and whoo this
is gonna be good next thing you know the
smell fills the back of the truck now
the back of the truck isn't covered it
was uncovered when 65 miles an hour
blown past it and we smelled his fart
like we were next to him it was the most
horrific smell I've ever seen we were
all gagging I look up and dad's her
driving down the street laughing his ass
off as we pull in a Pizza Hut dad used
to have this way of tricking me to give
him some of the good candy he would
trick me into thinking my favorite
candies was the worst candy and that the
good candy was he screw with my head man
I'm sitting there going through my bag
which good
um I've got dots
I've got snicker or your luck snicker
once you get out to me I thought I like
snicker know your likes Nick ones go
ahead of me okay here where'd you go up
i've got almond joy yeah you don't like
almond joy but almond joys give me you
don't like almond you like those uh
sweet tarts ooh so that's Halloween with
anger grandpa it's always something
different it's always fun never
dysfunctional like the videos wouldn't
tell Halloween is just just a good
holiday for us Christmas at Thanksgiving
not so much
