what's going on you guys I'm going to
answer a few your questions now it's
been a while since I've done that so I'm
gonna answer some fan questions or some
hater questions or just some just some
questions let's just say that well I'm
just gonna answer some questions
I met Bridget through MySpace
yeah for those of you who don't know
myspace is this website where you how
witty of you it's funny you're calling
the UFC the United fags Club and you're
subscribed to the WWE fan nation yeah I
don't want to see real fighting I need
some of that scripted stuff yeah I'm I'm
a little embarrassed about it too
I don't know Michael Jackson sure let me
go hop in my jet I'll be in Hawaii in
two minutes hey let's try this next vet
a million bird
I'm a couple pictures that's about as
much change of scenery as you're gonna
get from me buddy has a little harsh
right no fair enough I guess I'm scum
it's officially Halloween October 31st
no I don't have any plans for angry
grandpa Halloween I might just give the
guy a day to himself or I might try to
do something to scare him shitless with
a ghost I don't know yet I'll think of
something
so that's that I answered your questions
I'm still looking the viewfinder can you
understand what I'm saying
I feel like Kenny unsub hurt oh well
that's that I'm going to go to sleep I'm
going to put on something on blu-ray or
I'm just gonna read a book or I'm
actually just gonna find something to
eat that's what you're actually going to
happen right now so please send more
questions and I guess I should say it
subscribe below wave it thumb up comment
ah this sucks
