my new hair cameras rolling you need a
dance for us so this is Bridget's new
hair hundred tiny dollars huh I don't
like it but I love it
just not on me Oh Bridget have you heard
about the new Adam Sandler movie no it's
called Jack and Jill Adam Sandler plays
twins where he's his sister and him what
are you doing to your cur
hmm I guess is Chris been done what up
that little bit seriously Jack and Jill
looks like the biggest pile of shit I
have ever seen
like first of all why are you taking
that off - I gave you permission I know
I want my head on anymore so Bridget and
I have been watching you know Halloween
type of movies and last night we watched
the happening oh my god
that acting was awful it was atrocious
acting Mark Wahlberg what were you
thinking what no like honestly the good
acting about that movie was that that
old woman why I am a lemon drink what no
with Mark Wahlberg I don't know what you
were thinking when you did this movie
but oh no the plans
it's the plans
Oh God that the plants I think
something's gone wrong with the plants
shit let's get out of here run from
plants
but run-up oh we don't we do run we
don't say run look out there's a breeze
the trees are dangerous run duck Bridget
don't
so that's what's happened the happening
was a horrible piece of crap I made the
mistake of buying it on blu-ray yeah I
chose it over the departed yeah and I
feel like I should be slapped in the
face for it so Bridget I was gonna
invite you to push you Hardy has a right
to get a look at you pissed me off today
anyway you get a little carried away Ike
Michael you're like lleana
on the first page of our story we went
to the fair today and we wrote
everything yeah we rode the corn dog we
got the pizza we wrote the elephant ear
we read the funnel cake we rode the
giant turkey leg we rode the
cheeseburgers cheeseburgers at the fair
never seen it I made it up we rode the
Philly cheesesteak the fried Twinkie the
fried Oreo the fried pickle the fried
kool-aid what that exists so fried sweet
taste and fried sweet tea now you're
making things up I'm the cool fried
kool-aid exists
um the fried cookie dough all we did was
rock walk around the fair and eat and
eat I wrote the arrow but that was it
he's scared of ride so he made me ride
rides all by myself that's it yes my god
yeah that was a joke let's go long my
hair is you think I'd actually cut this
right now into this looks good yeah why
would you shave that hair you do any
shape that one now I'm gonna go in
because you have seized on and Bridget's
making me miss it yeah and I'm not
appreciative of that BJ Penn and Nick
Diaz we be cool we're not cool pounded
uh
lick me No
