what's going on guys I am fixing them
soak my foot and Epsom salt now had to
go to the doctor yes
what catalogue online okay I need the
pot and the hot water in it give me the
hot water please
Thanks so I had to go to the doctor last
night because I have an ingrown toenail
and I've had it for about three years
and she's giving my water at the bathtub
I think that gonna be hot enough
for sure okay let's not pour salt
directly into a budget there's water
freezing as cold we're handing that
water no it's cold as fuck you tell you
the house cold oh you think I can move
from this chair not my foot second yeah
okay so got my foot soaking at Epsom
salt in cold water actually so I don't
think it's doing anything so starting
tomorrow I'm gonna be filming angle
Grandpop for the daily vlog type of
situation because you guys asked for it
he's lazy and his cute little sweater
come here ladies get the camera come on
lazy I want to see your little sweater
where is one of lazy's toys there's a
little froggy rip Department hey good
boy oh-ho buddy you'll get it coming
okay all right let's not let's do it
over here
okay I want I want to see what it says
there you go
the truth about my past impossible she
turn away from me so my foot soaking in
Epsom salt cause my ingrown toenail
