what's going on skate biani camera and a
lot of you been writing me telling me
longer videos more angry grandpa the
thing is there's not been a whole lot
happening uh you know I was considering
trying to do daily vlogs but I know I
don't have the time to do daily vlogs
but I could do you know more videos but
you know there's not gonna be you know
any throwing or screaming because he
doesn't do it every day
I you know I can only fill them what
happened if I made angry grandpa videos
more of a vlog type of video and then if
something happens uploaded separately
would that be something you guys would
like I've got a lot of requests from it
and I'll do it but I gotta know it's
something that everybody wants and not
just a couple of people in the meantime
I'm gonna go see what the hell he's
doing
you better get used to this what camera
in your face every day what because the
fans are requesting our eye Devi Claudia
so I'm recording every day now don't
kiss my ass I do it every day be
entertaining good dance for us - come on
dance for us monkey
all right Friday
well that's dead nope that's about radio
what's dead now I don't care
