I'm not opening a door why would I
I'm just showing you the logo what's
going on you guys kid behind the camera
Brigitte West not here she's asleep guys
I'm starting this vlog off before the
intro because Brigitte just got me a
second time if you didn't see the vlog
we uploaded yesterday she hung a scary
peeper in the door and I started tapping
and it made me think somebody was
peering into the door and she never took
it down so when I woke up this is all I
see it's a little dark red there you go
starting to come in clear now it just
looks like a face peering into me so
Bridgette I wanted to start off the blog
to let you know you got me twice sweetie
congratulations I've got got again let's
go do this intro I keep seeing the
message I know it doesn't look like it
has a body but it's a face and it's
looking at me let's do the intro what's
going on you guys kid behind the camera
here
rejoice here right there today is a
Monday hey guys I left another note on
the door for Bridgette and she
remembered yeah thank you so much
Michael I really need the help you're
welcome
next up let me start doing like basic
multiplication and addition just trying
to teach her the basics of life God I
mean I need help in life you know two
plus two is three we'll get there
guys today is Sunday and today we got a
very special treat for you guys we're
going to grandpa's because we got a
special do you not know what we're doing
anymore Jesus guys grandpa got a big
special delivery and today he's gonna
find out what's in the box what's in the
box what's Oz what the cuffs no yeah
and popular sweetie guys today Sunday
today we find out what's in the box
what's in the box
guys this box is heavy what's in the box
what's in the my god apocalypse I
censored myself good don't worry this is
heavy Burgess both they need help I got
a I need you to film all right what's in
the box
okay Michael tall move let me get it
what there's a huge spider you know
because I can't see and I thought there
were bugs in the box
alright folks you need to real help what
do you think is in the box oh man nice
what's in this box this unless you hate
it it just is perishable yes another you
can guess food okay cool yeah it's food
guys what do you think's in the box
we're on our way to Grandma's that's too
heavy sitting here with Grandpa and
Leroy show us the I don't know the word
I'm trying to think of just show us all
the food you made let's see oh there's a
pop B Papa Bear pond made beef pot pie
that's looking delicious babies what is
this thing that's my new off and what is
that in there i cabbage
fried cabbage I assume that's rice right
just get biscuits and amaze pass today
you made pie so wait a minute is that
like a how many crust over that yeah oh
wow well you surprised us with dinner
now I'm gonna surprise you with dinner
we do not remember I told you four days
now you've been giving a surprise yeah
well it's here I forgot about it well
it's here where is it oh well oh I'm
gonna do this
I don't trust me you can't hate on me I
thought of you check it what I know look
I got you a big surprise you ready for
an institution see Carla's lens
please don't come out please don't come
all right yeah we're a big boy
also don't forget your pads Darwin yeah
know me yeah what is it
this was a very special delivery for
some people that I know you love who I
don't wanna I want you to open it find
out all right here we go folks you've
been wondering what's in the box
now let's find out wrap
yes bubble wrap what's under the bubble
wrap though Jackson the Box did you buy
die that's what I'm saying
I didn't buy these Jack's sent this to
us
what Jack's pizza sent us all that he
sent me they sent him to both of us look
at all these pizzas bro look at this
manda like everywhere in here bro you've
got to cook for a while Yeah right
Wow
good good count legs up
he just cares about Bubba Riley oh yeah
dude
and they're frozen well yeah they
shipped them to us with dry ice Wow let
me just get this dog God okay give me
five days why your rag I was trying to
go the bubble wrap him dug in his drink
knocked over dad grab that Bob Bob and
Doug last week I told you guys that
Jack's pizza slid into my DMS and asked
if I wanted pizza
they weren't joking they sent a huge box
of pizza you got everything
dude it's still my favorite frozen pizza
you know why I yeah I remember why we
had it man we were so poor coming up
y'all will come around and you wanted a
pizza we didn't have the money and IgA
so Jack's pizza
yeah they had him in a pack of four now
the type of porn they're like really
cheap enough so I used to buy those and
bring a little pizza for y'all to supper
God don't even up there the pills and
bottle jacks for a long time there's
still to this day my favorite frozen
pizza oh my - I don't eat pizza yeah
they're so good but I ain't jack we
should see how many of they sent us
anybody want to count yeah I'm curious
let's count 5 6
hey bro it's still full 11 13 12 550 13
18 it's not gonna mess them up
damn bro how many is in here 15 16 17 18
19 20
bro this is wild
21 22 crazy Doug 23 pizzas 29 3 pizzas
put them back you got to find a place in
the freezer
no dude who wants to see they can hold
them all at once
oh my gosh I'm sorry I can't I failed
weren't you gonna put eating dinner with
Grandpa just wait a minute
they sent more they sent something else
go again could you wait come just now
Doug we need to help so what do that
Doug's bring him right now I think areas
here he comes water right now he's
carrying over his shoulder like they
were machete or something
hey I'm shady no it's not a Jax Pizza
machete he's got the shakes I doubt it
yes good Jags on the back oh yeah man
more and I know Bradley I'm not opening
it don't worry
why would I I'm just showing you the
logo what's this you some a headache no
you just can't be doing that okay here
you go okay
grandpa's gonna get power right now okay
it's a nice little bro all right naughty
little girl really nice but I'll break
it there's also water bottles that they
sent all kinds of stuff dude nigga thank
you gave so much man I use them I need
more chairs you need to eat
he's what one more okay here we go
dinnertime I'll start off with a chunk
of rice with a little bit of string
beans how's that looking it looks so
good
give you a biscuit and let's go break in
to grandpa's beef pot pie oh my gosh
holy crap how's it look looks really
good
boom B I'm shocked bridge didn't want
cabbage look at this folks add some
cabbage no no no I'm giving me some
cabbage leo this Bridgette oh my god
grandpa's got a whole bunch of these
Jack's frozen hobo we ain't done and
that is awesome
we're leaving grandpa's wanting to stay
one more time thank you
two jacks for hooking us up with that
Pete's let me see this
dad thanks for dinner hey you know I was
good boy you made beef pot pie it was
good too yeah tomorrow it's back to
dieting so that was sort of it without
the ball way we go to charcoal the your
grilling out some jacks girls from Jack
I'll come but I don't know if I could
even that's right boy lead it well I
made it out Laura they fabulous Doug dad
Matt cover those lines we are home you
guys and you're looking at my hand and
the first thing you're thinking this
damn is hands old-looking the second the
second thing is you're wondering why I'm
doing oh now they can see my hand like
it make some em if my hand my hand is
branded with Michael so guys I'm gonna
show you the house now because Shannon
here has decided to decorate for
Halloween you ready for the big reveal
oh yeah boom they're like two pumpkins
that's it okay guys first we got these
then we got all that behind it we'll get
to you in a minute
then we have all we have this which you
had that going on now let's move into
this Oh the plate Shandy can't forget
the plates without ghosts this is a
candy dish yes there's no candy because
we're going to run our diets tomorrow
that oh geez oh no skip right past this
fellow's like what the hell is all this
stuff oh man
Shannon central hands
bottoms up witches as how that says yeah
this thing I like okay I chop all of it
I like that and this thing is just loud
yeah it's broke and then of course hand
towels now should go to the other room
yes cover those lens oh here is the
table it's got black roses and pumpkins
and now you see this room oh man both
look do this here is the main area of
her decoration right here we've got
pumpkins pumpkins haunted house spider
from last year of course we've got a
Freddy Krueger glove because Freddy
works all year round in my dreams
there's so much stuff here look at this
the table we've got this thing hanging
down we got off this we've got Texas
Chainsaw Massacre guys we've got
Halloween stuff everywhere
courtesy of Shannon yeah I'm not done
she's not done folks
nope guys I'm thinking about doing the
Shannon sketch yes I don't know we'll
talk about that just is that Michael you
have to I'm sort of thinking it out
something you guys want to see smack the
like button and I think I'll talk about
it I would swears muffin Bell yeah what
happened in my house oh jeez Shannon the
hell out of my life okay I'll talk to
Shannon about that okay okay why don't
you just calm down
biscuit Bella was biscuit alright I
think I'm thinking about doing another
Shannon sketch everybody let me know in
the comments section what the dog's
names were I'm Mara being like biscuit
and more s'more was there a muffin I
think guys let me know in the comment
section which is which I might do a
Shannon sketch Halloween stuff smack the
like button if you want it Shannon
Halloween style you
house guys let's go do this out fro well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching
pretty good day it's been a really good
day and now I'm like really tired
dude I'm exhausted too I'm going to bed
guys we hung out with Grandpa we got a
surprise package from Jack's pizza you
guys thanks a lot for that that was
amazing
Shannon decorated the house yeah I went
full salmon yes she went total Shannon
remember smacked alike but if you want
to Shannon Halloween sketch if you don't
remember what that is basically I get a
wig I I'm gonna have to shave this
Shannon can't have a goatee
I'm gonna have to get rid of this guys
I'm gonna shave I'm gonna put an orange
lipstick get Halloween stuff I'm gonna
be totally Shannon so guys that's gonna
happen if you smack the like button you
want it coming in October the Shannon
Halloween spooktacular I'm very excited
what kind of dessert are you making
Shannon
maybe pumpkin spice cake I don't know
guys you start off with a little bit of
pumpkin oh you'll see I'll leave it a
big surprise for Hank
guys describe I'm so excited
favorite all right you guys and Hank you
need to text me at night when you're not
long I'm just getting into character Oh
so excited oh I sent over words
you
