I got scared crap on it don't find out
you know your mom feeds another day I
know she fed him the damn dinner we got
we got Wendy's cheeseburgers tonight and
mom gave one to the cats I don't want to
deal with the arguments tonight so I'm
not even saying anything there you go
are you getting this to me it's a you
know why yeah do it now feel like
caveman from home here I'll be keepin
danced here
here you go Bridget even you are
completely worthless
I mean I am what you would call crazy
and I'm that we chewed one associate and
you don't you fucked up pulling up to
the house lights off gun polled passed
on black clothes and a mass gone bust
down your lock door I got a bad drawn
compact pool kill anyone that wants some
company calling it oughta hold up a
stall and me falling no but the father
of a slowly dying I thought it would be
a mercy to follow one in the kitchen the
slaughter of all the time and the
daughter is drawing him an ass or now I
gotta hide find a place and duck before
she finds me in the ditch ascended there
my hand grips on a knife
sneaking up behind right now slice I
made more I have to decide to leave the
bodies heroes days of not fuckin we'll
take them
hold on I'll take for myself a minute to
color the dirt aside in the race that I
hate this pain so invasive my face of
beta but Jason and meaning tick can I
take it over in my face look like Jason
my mind in a cyclone sleep with the
light that's how you lose weight
are you serious this one's off from all
my debt Hermes so that's that gonna
drink some water speed of a day when you
say Harold
