so as you can probably hear I don't have
any voice so I'm sure the happiness of a
bunch of you because I won't be talking
or singing maybe a little singing so my
voice is gone it's been gone starting to
go since a few days ago and that sucks
anyway went to see The Lion King and 3d
tonight and it was fine it was good this
blog is going nowhere
Bridgette doing what are you doing in
the bathroom right now she's so vain she
likes I'm not showing the camera I see
it I think they'll probably like it you
are she's a slut a whore it's a good
movie
looking for food right now
so good those finds a mini-version no
I'm done eating I know I know what I
want to eat drone watching ricean n
change off a fox is half asleep isil's
taken medication
okay I'm gonna win the ground for it
throw something at me Mary he's captured
in the death of Gaddafi yes I left the
room all day his voice has gone into
neither one of us have a voice so we
must have contracted the same sexually
transmitted disease
