okay we're going to die in a second
right here by OJ Simpson
so Bridget is now insisting she is
insisting that I stopped centering he's
upsetting the kid behind the camera
videos it upset her and I don't
understand why so they need that they
are now uncensored look at that cloud
for instance that cloud looks like a
flattened dick speaking of decade
Cochran why is that surely I think she's
not lying
so that's what's happening the videos
will be uncensored and pissed everybody
off including Bridget so why continue
something if it makes everybody angry I
was reading the comments you're right
yes Ted that was a pile of crap I could
have said another word but I'm gonna
censor myself still so that's that made
everybody mad freak you freak you
I did not censor that the videos aren't
censored now I don't know what she was
trying to imply there I'll read it or
watch it back
okay so uncensored so now I'm going to
play a little bit of an up-and-coming
rapper who is starting to get really big
I hope you guys listen to him cuz it's
really good his name is Hopson this will
ever be judge Imogen and everybody
seemed to think I have a sinister plot
this is hot he needs to he's the future
we want you're always wrong so that's
what's happening right now my videos
weren't censored check out Hopson he's
big he's getting big and he needs to get
bigger I want you guys to listen to him
and he's worth listening to
so we're right there button we're
talking
you pass you pass yeah you know why
don't I just really talk I could just
actually speak instead of moving my
mouth I don't know
so I'm censored videos now I will not
censor them anymore
what censoring the video host now that
car uh-huh yeah that car was a stupid
move
