kid behind the camera here I just wanted
to talk to you guys about angry grandpa
update you what's been going on because
it's been pretty quiet around here
lately um to be honest with this whole
anger grandpa grandma leaves prank he's
kind of an acting like he doesn't give a
shit like he didn't doesn't care so I
had to talk to my sister in New York
where mom's staying right now had to
step it up mom just took a picture with
her new boyfriend and we're gonna show
it to dad let me show you what he looks
like right here this is mom's new
boyfriend get a good look at that they
look happy together don't they
so so there you go for that yes what
they're going on a trip what you guys
got a mail being a guardian kitchen with
what you need to go to goddamn bags that
we clean a lot of a mile straight clean
ready to go okay did the best thing in
the world her going to goddamn do you oh
yeah
thank God it gray hell she's gone thank
God in great house yeah I was close
