whoo dad did you hear what they are
bringing out an Arrested Development
movie and ten episodes before it okay
what do you talk about Russell
development ten new episodes where you
show me that
it's raw ten new episode I don't know
what you're talking about
Arrested Development a real - I don't
know mr. developer it's a TV show I
don't know I don't watch TV they will
they came back on when you did watch it
on Fox News is in Fox Television
there's on Fox News No then I know what
why do you watch Fox News anyway and go
away I'm dizzy so yeah ten new episodes
I don't care ten new episodes and a
movie let me give you tick you could
give you genders first want to get away
from with those hands I'm doing the
wrong I don't know he's talking about I
don't watch TV you heard it here first
angry grandpa supports the new Arrested
Development I'll put it out don't you
got about I'm tired and I'm busy
I went book running for your big but
what is the one of them with his bag of
garbage so Johanns you do
seeing it I better put more to me
garbage huge so angry grandpa supports
Arrested Development in the movie coming
out what Oh so rest of development is
coming back with ten new episodes before
the movie and oh my god whoa oh my god
man see y'all about in there if your
eyes normal pot
you need to get a brute a Bluth cornball
machine
please we know they make them in Mexico
and then you leave you look relaxed I
just want to know how excited you are by
resting of elephant five John I am about
watch your willy wonka oh that I think
that comes on soon - I'll burn it for
you I'd rather watch Driving Miss Daisy
of course you wish your favorite movie
in frustrated you do get that thing I'm
been gathered join big Anna Jonas I'll
meet you down by the big yellow joint
hey there you go anger graph is excited
about your ex rebelling movie
