it was going on guys it's kid behind the
camera or pickle boy and I've been
working on a new song it's called
Illuminati me it's about the Illuminati
and here's a preview now I wanna sign a
deal with the devil music to another
level tell my told about your car I'm
revving on the pedals mr. kettle you're
a seller I'll stick a get jealous
to hell with Elvis we just pump it up
I'm overzealous mr. Rain Man show me how
to rain dance got my humble rebel check
up engine I'm taking simple Coppola - no
relation between the two prescriptions
fascination listen up motherfucker yo
conditions what it is open what you
talking got us not man are you looking
in my ii and the people here are
whispering what the fuck is wrong this
piece of shit is talking shit again so
someday we got it wrong okay and what
you could do like Billy Mahoney from
Flatliners so now we're gonna go for a
little bit of frequently asked questions
shit that I'm tired of seeing on my
comment wall how to do one you're in
this one oh so we're gonna answer some
questions that I'm tired of fucking
seeing first hour me and Bridget brother
and sister no we're not number two do I
brush my teeth
No
ohhhh momma wants give me a bag to
justjust put a bag right over my head
and just drink me know yeah you're just
saving with a shadowed I like no I like
the look
no you're just standing with a shadow
now Bridget and somebody abba-zaba
you my only friend why do I eat because
I'm a human why do I eat cuz I'm a
fatass Oh his angry grandpa fake no he's
a piece of shit he takes medicine he's
an asshole he is an asshole he's fat say
you gotta keep going man this idea of in
problem he he it's food too it is a
human can I give you Bridget's phone
number now a 4 3 5 3 5 5 6 our Bridget
and I going to get married
is it would you answer this question on
video for me yes I'm saying week what's
my favorite TV show Arrested Development
eyes The Sopranos oh it's sunny in
philadelphia the office the early
version
Breaking Bad
South Park um
come on
like they're talking over there I'm
shutting my doors such a bitch if I had
to choose anybody in the world to have
sex with who would I choose nobody
nobody is obviously the answer would be
Mila Kunis because she's really hot and
talented and Michael I ever had sex your
turn
the weather was fine
remember angry grandpa's birthday is
coming up and you could send them
something and we're gonna open it on
camera so keep sending your questions
and I'll try and answer them next time
all the haters I know you're out there
was that noise no noise I heard it I
want to go in now I think it's a doll Oh
hear the siren
so here hearing we will be murdered very
soon as you can see Bridget is terrified
while we live in the ghetto you living
together we will be raped and murdered
me first
for obvious reasons
