all right kid be on camera here I wanted
to tell you guys about the new anger
grandpa prank that I'm going to be doing
I decided to tell you and upload after I
did the prank but not before I upload
the prank so went to Walmart and we got
a rubber snake okay
got the rubber snake I'm going to dirty
it a little bit maybe make it look slimy
gruff that's going to be asleep I'm
going to find a way I don't know how I'm
going to do it yet
but I'm going to pinch his arm after
putting some of this on it some fake
blood and leave the snake and let
grandpa think that he was bed
surprisingly the snake does look real
when it's you just holding it so I'm
thinking maybe I'll grab it or something
maybe make it look at it once oh snap at
them again not sure either way that's
what I'm gonna do for the next angry
grandpa Frank I don't know what I should
use to pinch his arm with I could use
like prongs before leave a budget and
loss we're lost right now even though
I'm surprised you know they're on exit
we're taking lazy to get his shots
so there's somebody looking at me
wondering why some fat kid is holding a
camera while they're dropping down the
street you might think with some reality
show or some like dangerous driving Li
so anyway that's the book that's the
idea
snake plus fake blood plus do something
to hurt his fucking arm equals anger
grandpa thinks he got bit by a snake
okay so as we were lost I had to find
this where the dumpster says no dumpster
diving please
so there goes lunch Bridget we can't
jump in the dumpster like we wanted to
oh fuck dude lazy no dumpster-diving
lazy excited I'll getting Friday with
needles and one putting your asshole
I guess I should be like the other
YouTube partners home subscribe below
and comment
seriously subscribe
