I wanna talk real quick about anger
grandpa's birthday is coming up October
16th and I thought it'd be cool if you
guys sent something to the PIO box here
I'll edit it somewhere around here or up
here I don't know where just send
anything pecan pinwheels a letter
anything just send grandpa stuff for his
birthday
it's October 16th and he'll flip the
hill fucking you won't know what to do
if he gets a whole bunch of shit
don't be sending cats and shit cuz if I
assume it's illegal is it illegal I
don't know cuz we don't check that peel
box very often so you said a cat nothing
is gonna die so don't send any cats just
send a letter send anything man grandpa
will appreciate it
that'll be cool for his birthday you
know that's it and don't share this on
its Facebook page come on man I wanted
to be a surprise
