kid behind the camera and angry graphite
just parted lethal good oh my god no
joke so that looking oh oh man
each other my kid oh your window down
please
well we are on our look at this mine
they're open okay so we are on our way
to save a lot where we are going to buy
the stuff to make our own Epic Meal Time
it goes well with cook of a grandpa he
doesn't want to people to think we're
copying Epic Meal Time I'm telling you
right here first place you heard it
we're copying as a kid to you i it's a
copy of that the real time just because
we both like angry grandpa actually
likes to watch Epic Meal Time it's
entertaining so we're going to do our
own we're going to do the epic pinwheel
pinwheel King epic pinwheel cake with
Reese's and bacon and holy bacon bacon
cuz you gotta have bacon baby
go bacon strips and bacon strips and
bacon strips why you always yell for
taking the pig
why don't we have to partake with you
hey Jacob you excited about bacon Jacobs
excited about the bacon a big deal to me
so that's what we're doing we're gonna
work on the epic Meal don't forget the
reasons I said reasons you did not I did
too I said Reese's please don't
oh man what the you do that on purpose I
killing oh that's the worst one yet
hands on our laptop seriously going to
although I got to do it in store a place
to help you did that last time I went oh
my god I wanna throw
