all right so everybody's been wondering
where we've been how come I haven't
uploaded any videos I'm just gonna say
it straight up I left the fucking house
I've been gone for about four or five
days now because it was Tuesday I was
asleep
it was after we came back from
sub-station I took a nap and I wake up
in angry grandpa hahaha decides to
destroy my TV he was recording it I had
the video I don't know if I'm gonna put
it up or not he destroyed my fucking TV
my thousand-dollar television set he
destroyed it he fucking I don't know I
don't know why I haven't talked to him
since I just came back tonight I don't
know why he destroyed it but he did and
I'm pissed off so I've been at Bridget's
house she got a new car she got a 2011
Toyota Corolla so I've looked less poor
for a little bit so let's take a look at
my new television set you guys got to
see this thing it's fucking maxed out
it's the greatest TV ever gonna see oh
damn oh this is nineteen inches of
standard-definition beauty look at air
mmm oh yeah so thanks a lot dad for
destroying my TV I'm gonna have to get
you back for this so fucking bad that
you want to kick me out of the fucking
house cuz it's gonna be bad my revenge
I'm getting something deep cuz that was
fucking expensive
I'm pissed I don't wanna I don't even a
film anymore
got anywhere to say that's pretty fucked
up I'm pissed off and I'm fucking
getting dad-dad your ass is mine
