all right so I always do this you know
what I mean hey everybody so I got
started doing that bullshit okay
so today all I'm gonna do show you work
all I'm gonna do is show me working on a
new song I don't know what the title is
right now it's just called evil cuz it's
fucked up I wrote it in a few minutes in
let's see we trying it out found a piece
on the street it's loaded I wanna see if
it feels like a kiss on your cheek when
I hit your screen watch you bleed baby
see man I love you I wanna keep you will
sleep in my closet I'm chopping you
piece by piece baby girls I wanna hold
you unloading in 23 got away in my
bedroom connecting HDTV see me screaming
dang I'm crazy and same and I wonder
feat you delete add them up turn over
hey bridge I'm recording I'm like for
you look quiet in the studio please
here we go
found a piece on the street exploded
that won the seat if it feels like a
kiss on your cheek win already failing
found a piece on the street exploded I
wanna see if it feels like a kiss on
your cheek when I hear you scream what
you bleed baby cement I love you would
want to keep you will sleep in a closet
I'm chopping you that sounds like shit
that song sucks now find a piece on the
street it's loaded I wanna see if it
feels like a kiss on your cheek when I
hear you scream what you bleed baby see
man I love you I wanna keep you will
sleep in my clothes and I'm chopping you
piece by piece baby girl I wanna hold
you want lonely near 23 got a wig in my
bedroom connecting HGTV see me screaming
ding I'm crazy and same than the one
that keep you de bleed out of such a
failure
bullshit take blood uh found a piece on
the street it's loaded don't wanna see
if it feels like a kiss that them find a
piece on the street it's loaded I want
to see if it feels like a kiss on the
cheek when oh my god fucking damn your
lyrics you stupid fat ass find a piece
on the street it's loaded don't wanna
see if it feels like a kiss on your
cheek but now hear you scream what you
bleed baby cement I love you were wanna
keep you will sleep in my closet and I'm
chopping you piece by piece baby girl 1
they'll hold you 1 loading in 23 got a
wig in my bedroom connecting HGTV see me
screaming ding I'm crazy and singing the
one to keep you to bleed out on my
bedroom for fuck adore carpet clean fuck
your life up like a FEMA I'm seething to
keep a peace I'm so deceitful see ya me
bellini polly got a thing take a knife
though then I'll bleed you and keeping
it in this thing start to drink the mix
with ether be seeing their winter dreams
Jesus please just see you're screaming
these reach it out in this Jeep little
girl come in my vehicle please just beat
up your feet I'm gonna be at this for a
little bit so that's what the fuck I'm
doing
so anyway thanks for checking it out
thanks for leaving your hate comments I
know I got brown teeth and I need to
shave and blah blah blah the same three
comments every time anyway thanks yo
find a piece on the street it's loaded
that one to see if it feels like a kiss
on your cheek when I hear you scream
