so I just got done watching UFC 133 Tito
Ortiz Rashad Evans Rashad beat Tito was
a good fucking fight though
I think Tito reserves another shot but
that's not what I want to talk about
right now I want to talk about Dennis
Hallman's blue panties dude what the
fuck were you wearing at one point of
the fight your balls popped out on UFC
television on pay-per-view a fucking
ball popped out of a guy's underwear I'm
gonna show a picture of this fucking
outfit because I can show that insert
picture
more fucked up the second time around
wrapping his fucking legs around the
guy's face and shit I thought he was
giving him a blowjob and his fucking
blue panties are stretched up into the
crack of his fucking ass like he's got a
fucking ultimate wedgie his ass cheeks
are hanging out I'm waiting for thee to
slap him across his ass and say get in
the showers if I stepped in the Octagon
with this motherfucker and he walked in
wearing that shit I would just wouldn't
give up then won't so should get a
submission on this motherfucker and slip
my thumb up his asshole like seriously
dude you ain't Greg Louganis why the
fuck you dressed like that
Dana White I think you need to look into
finding this motherfucker just kickin
his fucking ass out the UFC man he look
like a Chippendales dancer but you gotta
have balls to step into the Octagon
but fuck Dennis you ain't gotta show us
