so YouTube removed my video the other
day of popcorn because they said it
showed nudity which it didn't the video
did not show anything YouTube's a bunch
of fucking morons Oh God
YouTube so stupid then they just removed
it clearly they didn't even review the
video because they just removed it they
didn't bother to see if it had nudity or
not they just flagged it as
inappropriate it said there was nearly
in the watan meanwhile there's a video
right now on youtube of a guy playing a
flute with his asshole and that can stay
on it's fucking ridiculous why remove my
video that has no nudity in it and keep
that fucking piece of shit got done
watching some shit on the Illuminati
today so it was pretty fucking crazy if
it's true I may be interested in selling
my soul way for a little bit of Fame get
in contact with me Illuminati what do I
gotta do
can you hear me loominatee I want to
sell my soul give me a sign that I can
sell my soul for a contract for the fame
for the money for the cars for the
bitches for the food I'll sign I'll cut
my finger open and I'll sign that
goddamn piece of paper you just bring it
to me I'll dance on your checkered
floors okay I'll put your symbols in my
videos I'll rap about what you want me
to rap about I'll make videos of what
you want to make videos about I'll talk
about what you want me to talk about
I'll worship the devil I'll do anything
I just want is I want the rain man to
show me something man speaking of rain
man it's raining pretty fucking bad here
there ain't no such thing as no
Illuminati okay loominatee is a
fictitious organization created to make
people think crazy shit
man there ain't no fucking such thing as
all there's no such thing as the devil
there ain't no such thing as God there
ain't no such thing as no Illuminati
there ain't shit that's it
maybe I spoke a little too soon maybe
there is I must say it again see if I
can recreate that ain't no such things
no Illuminati ain't no such thing as God
ain't no such thing as the devil ain't
no such thing as selling your soul for a
contract any more such thing as heaven
and no such thing as hell ain't no such
thing as Rain Man
and he no such thing as what else I
gotta say I've run out of room strike
some Lightning God show me a sign to
make me believe that you're up there and
you believe in my soul
