hello hello hello I'm sorry is this a
real person
I'm sorry I'm calling about the
Craigslist ad oh yeah you said oh it's
that you sounded like a robot almost
like one of those answering machines oh
well I see the $500 room available the
beginning of September
well I'd like to know more about it um
do you have maybe any kind of pictures
or what does it look like
well it it's three big ones probably
like 12 by 13 something had done closet
it's like a walk-in closet just like a
normal closet and then that's about it
we have to share that here oh that's no
problem
I could probably post pictures but I
just had to take a picture of his room
cos the roommate that's here right now I
just he hasn't moved out yet so I want
to like wait because he said he can move
out by next week like post pictures then
I sort of take pictures of this stuff in
there oh yeah I understand
trust me I get that oh so if you and
your girlfriend yeah okay so that sounds
very hmm sorry I can't keep it the boys
very long um okay I'm only 23 so is that
okay or what I'm not it says no older
than 25 but I'm only 23 so I'm sorry I
couldn't keep up the voice very long my
operations next week
