all right good some a little different
today I'm gonna play a prank call this
is not me this is not my prank call I
don't own it this is a prank call or
somebody who used to be a friend of mine
that I'm trying to find again I don't
know where he is anymore
Sandee Chapin where the fuck are you at
motherfucker this guy is one of the best
prank callers I've ever fucking I've
ever known he's way better than me and
I'm gonna show you one right now this is
called the war with Wiener circle you
got to hear this shit it's fucked up
check this out
wait a circle let me talk to the manager
well let me talk to the manager yeah yes
this the manager at the winner's circle
yeah listen I have a complaint okay what
I have a complaint
okay what is it I was in there with my
kid and you people behind the counter
we're using foul language why don't you
come here with so here I came in ever
about an hour and a half ago and there
were people behind accounted saying
bitch and motherfucker and all kind of
things like that well I don't see no
woman here with no kids and I'm just a
manager here and that's just how the
restaurant is but I apologize if anyone
used for foul language there front of
your kids but that's how the restaurant
is sweetheart
wait you would have think the kids they
would not have cursed I didn't see any
kids in here oh I'm sorry about that
listen it where kids in there and what
you're going to revoke this where is
your restaurant if it's it way to the
park I don't know who you think you're
dealing with bitch but I'll call the
police okay
you were call the police ma'am they're
gonna tell you that's how we are like I
said I do not see any kids in here if
their words I apologize but the more I
could do about it but
well you know if you want to be wrong
better wanna fuck on the fucking file
fuck you bitch listen you bitch I'm
coming down there and I'll kick your
fucking ass oh wait a second you best
prepare for the beating of a lifetime
you bitch I'm coming down with my weed
whacker and I will fucking destroy you
bring it bitch bring it I'm gonna beat
the fuck home I'm a big bitch so you
don't want to fuck with me lady so you
better get the fuck off this file and do
what you got to do cuz if you come to
help supplamine I'm gonna beat the fuck
out of you how about that yeah I don't
think you can handle me bitch I'm
bringing a weed whacker down there and
I'm gonna cut the fuck out of your face
window circle yes let me speak with the
manager fine you wanna speak to the
manager yeah hello yeah I got a
complaint this that crazy bitch began
calling the boss somebody tried to fire
our kids what do you want lady I'm
calling you out bitch come on you scary
picture bomb it up your last weekend you
didn't bring your ball in a supper dish
cuz you were scared cuz you do on the
trait that mr. cleaver well yeah and Ram
it up your ass that's why oh why did you
caii bitch winner's circle
twenty back on with dead manager oh good
sandy cheap and she knows who I am put
it back on the phone oh girl fuck on the
pedals
you be telling me that you're gonna kill
me and shit listen I'm coming down to it
ahead of me you're betting me first
oh you listen bitch honey why why do you
want I want to get revenge
I want vengeance you bitch I'm gonna
stab you right there with toothpicks
what kind of fucking restaurant do you
have where you fucking swear it for the
kid huh girl nobody slide in front of
your kid and then once I've been this
crew that you call it must've been
somebody on there with you Johnny yeah
we're we're it was three weeks ago and I
think we're all in the trash you have to
I know fucking kid into here listen I'm
not shy with an ID I'll give up on
listen I got a nine alameda gun in my
trunk and i'm gonna start fucking fired
shots at that place
are you jealous because my pussy is
bigger than yours because you pussies
bigger than mine
papi thank you to your bet you got a
yeast infection now go carry on doing a
circle yes let me speak with the manager
please
all right okay hello in psycho
yeah what are you doing this week you
said bitch you ready for me to kick your
ass you a run yo Fitz won't like when
something it you spicy so sick you know
what I'm gonna do to you hey you fucking
winner's circle bastards wait till I get
down there with them we working your
fucking flesh it's gonna fucking fly all
over the windows we're in a circle
misslisa solution may I help you yeah I
already talked to my lawyer and you guys
are all people call I'll get to you
because any motherfucker you want to
call you call you all that to me so get
some lawyers get on the game map now
shut the fuck up quickly
bitch go suck a dick about the baby oh
boy what I'm not gonna say the guy's
real name I don't know if she wants
anybody to know that or not but if you
do know who sandy Chapin is tell the
motherfucker I'm looking for them
I probably post more there's a whole
fucking bunch the guy's the best got a
big old shadow across my face yo that's
it
