so today we did our truTV interviews for
top 20 most shocking yep
that verify that's what we did today
that's what we did today we're not gonna
show too much huh
okay all fine all right we're not gonna
show too much because I little I think
okay give it make me fall okay we're not
gonna show all right okay um what was I
know look what kisses so we're on top 20
most shocking today our interviews and
we're not going to show too much and now
it was real close to our faces okay
relax so we were on week what are we
talking about we did interviews for top
20 most shocking today and I insert a
clip from it here okay this is us
they'll make for truTV that is my back
fat that's my big fat ass coming from
the bottom of the chair
oh I can tear any of it because there's
limitations and shit we signed contracts
and stuff they're gonna air it we got to
say Bridget I gotta say give me those
lips okay anyway you got got to get out
of here we did it at her house because
our house was too fucking hot and there
were roaches coming out everywhere they
set up the cameras and shit and the
house was so hot that all the roaches
started coming out and falling on people
and shit
shut up good say that I got a why so
we're gonna be on truTV it's gonna be
cool and I show anger grandfather
showing me and Bridget prank each other
or shall I say me lightly pranking
Bridget and she's slaughtering me in
return
I really deserve no no I do not know you
really deserve no Shuman deserves what I
went through you really
really
