as you can hear as this is clang the dog
it's going fucking crazy in there I turn
it up and you stop huh
rebeccablack you're so fucking bad that
you got a dog and the other room
flipping out you can't fucking sing god
her voice makes me want to stab myself
with an AIDS infested needle
Rebecca Black please stop I guess I
can't tell you to stop cuz you're making
fucking money but god damn I fucking
hate you like I thought I hated Justin
Bieber but I really hate this fucking
bitch like seriously I would suck Justin
Bieber's dick if she would never record
again baby baby baby oh like baby baby
baby oh so you're gonna quit singing
right Rebecca he'll tell you he doesn't
like Harry Potter but I have seen him
sitting in his chair watching movie 1
through movie 4 and I walked in music oh
this is just do Joe TV yeah I'm sure was
motherfucker you can't find the remote
anchor grandpa likes Harry Potter no
matter what he says I'm pretty sure
looking like somebody isn't a wannabe I
didn't go to a plastic surgeon and go
I want the shaycarl this just the fuck I
look like I'm blessed with doom I look
like shit so to shaycarl we both look
like shit we look like heavy heavy shit
yeah you're right you're right I haven't
read the books how are you I haven't
read the books have I no I didn't read
the books did I I only got this last
week yeah I I've never I've never I've
never read the books
if only I could borrow them from
somebody then and then I'll read them
cuz I mean I've never read the books
before never never let me find out
hold on get up
oh fuck fuck I went to the wrong 25 cent
machine ah because I'm fat and I'm a
white kid I'm a fat white kid okay if I
had to choose one which is very fucking
hard cuz I love them all so much I would
go with favorite album I would go with I
would go with favorite album steal this
album favorite song streamline team
Twilight just so you know after I send
this reply to you I'm blocking you from
writing my channel that's what I'm going
to do it actually meant if I can we do
right now let's turn the camera okay
team
Twilight bitch oh goodness gracious
block block prevent eye block - dude I
can't have no team Twilight on my page
go suck Edwards dick on your own time
because I dig in my ass yes it is
Arrested Development is the greatest TV
show ever made period period
motherfucker I'm called pickle boy
because he pranked me Bridgette and
grandpa pranked me I was in the shower
with a thing of flour thinking oh I'm
gonna get dad I opened up the shower and
there's dad with a jar of pickles and he
throws it on me like some fucking
asshole so I am now pickle blood who's
that herpes
oh shit I have an outbreak look
I knew I shouldn't had sex with that
prostitute before Harry Potter started
and now because that bitch I gotta put
my fucking books up thanks a lot
you stupid ass cunt bitch mother fucker
thank you whore stupid slut mother fuck
poor bitch mother fucker Oh horrible
horrible whore
