da-da-da-da-da-da-da
so last night midnight I saw Harry
Potter and the Deathly Hallows part-2
Deathly Hallows symbol I saw Deathly
Hallows Part two and three D of course
wins in 3d yeah I know but I stole those
true 3d glasses
a lot of people Soviets in sympathetic
Oh God you need to be first I want to
say the move was fucking awesome
they added a whole bunch of shit but it
was still a good fucking movie there was
a lot of complaints
I loved it dude would you think Brigitte
it was so good
Brigitte says it was so good I loved it
we got there about we got there by 8
o'clock to go in and the lion started
forming behind us then all of a sudden
these motherfuckers about ten o'clock
started crowding the doors they just
started line they just started thinking
oh we'll stand in front of the doors we
can get it it looked like the Superdome
when Hurricane Katrina had it was fucked
up there were people and pallets people
sitting there with computers just
chatting and they didn't belong there
the guy just opens up the door for the
theater come on in and everybody started
rushing like Black Friday at Walmart and
they were punching and shoving and I was
pissed off
I'm still wearing my glasses I haven't
taken them off since because I'm a
fucking I'm Harry Potter now I am Harry
Potter right I even got a wand I broke
off a tree a little while ago
the core is a phoenix feather I got a
miss first issues got me a Memphis mm
looks more like a Nimbus 1928
expelliarmus
I'm open
Gryffindor wins head this is the new
book Harry Potter and the two-dollar
prostitute
Accio chocolate chip cookie cookie dough
fat motherfucker you better be a goddamn
java kid what he's got oh shit okay
everybody's what is your fucking problem
party of that
u-dub fucking spit
we thought you got here dragging me
bitch
little Bobo got the cooking out of the
jam told you not to give the goddamn
trophy you know I don't get hairy does
not use that invisibility cloak the way
he should you know like uh Harry I'm
gonna go take a bath
okay Hermione Harry it was a good movie
I loved it
send your questions below and ask new
questions like they have I will that's
chocolate chip cookie on my lip by the
way ah so there goes one of your why are
you so fat questions
