I'm going to jump right into it I'm
gonna answer your questions starting now
well I assume you've seen anger grandpa
you see we live in this dumpy fucking
trailer I've had a couple videos with
her roaches we live in a trailer yeah
it's safe to assume we're poor dude my
ultimate favorite band the System of a
Down they've been my favorite band since
99 when my cousin Jessica thanks Jess
got me introduced to him we were
listening to I think it was spiders on
her Napster account that's how you know
it was a long fucking time ago it was
Napster no I'm not gonna be the next
angry grandpa maybe I will with the
feeling so pure it's got you screaming
back burn mo the singing is going to
drive away viewers including me please
don't do that again
Billie Jean is not my lover she's just a
girl claims that I am the one you look
so defeated lying there in your new twin
size bed river was wide but I swam it
Janet you are my chai yesterday all my
troubles seemed so far where's the sweet
transvestite from transsexual
Transylvania ha ha oh no are you gonna
unsubscribe now dude Kinect has gangs
will you jump around your living room
you know Hey look at me a planet game
instead you got ps3 bullshit broke about
but it's the simple fact that I can do
it I can lay down and say Kinect Xbox
Netflix I can tell my xbox what to do I
don't fucking know right bipolar God
Harry Potter is gonna be awesome
midnight release motherfucker I love
your buttery love it
I'm our Fall Apart midnight police
I got him weeks ago Ron Ron Weasley
Dumbledore Harry Potter Harry Potter
Gospels go is that enough Harry Potter
hello hey who says this is Michael you
gave your number to call Michael who uh
Michael anger grandpa kid oh my god
it's really you yeah I'm filming right
now dude I knew you they'll be caught oh
my god when did you guys like hedge
heads with the pranks on him the whole
time
like ever since she was young well the
ones we were we did it we did but they
weren't as good as they are now we would
do sushi like hide his stuff but we
learned do cuz he's been like this all
our lives like I was like five years old
about six years old and someone took
like a bite of his cheese like he bought
one of those like $5 like craft blocks
of cheese and I guess that's a lot of
fucking money in him dude whatever like
you hear like who am i god damn cheese
it was like a chunk missing out of it I
was setting the whole block just like
gets thrown against the wall followed by
the entire like think of butter kind of
like exploded against the wall I think
use like I make a grilled cheese or some
shit but he fucking slung bitch it like
a frisbee
elisee I'm gonna see if grandpa's
awakened Lee don't shit dogs going crazy
hello
big oh no he's asleep but I'm getting
the fuck out of here yeah fuck that I've
learned I'm blowing day here homie send
more questions I'll answer them not all
at once though but I will do another
video like this hey what movie trailers
do you guys want me to review he leave
your answer down in the comment section
below and subscribe here I'm shameless
