so last week I did a version of the
aristocrats but it ran too long it was
about 35 minutes long all of a sudden a
car from screeching into the room Wow
turns out it's Ryan Dunne and he's still
on fire it was just too long for me to
upload so I'm going to redo it I'm going
to do it again right now
improv on the spot so there's this
talent agent and he's just sitting there
he's doing his work and he's taking a
sip of his coffee day is going along his
shit he's bored and all of a sudden
there's a knock door and he says oh fuck
let me get this he opens the door and
this loving little family walks in they
look like they just came out of Sunday
Church little girls about eight years
old she has a little sundress on and a
hat the mom she looks like ma Ingalls
from Little House on the Prairie she has
her hair done and she's carrying a
little metal pail I know they made them
anymore she they had a little son he's
about three years old cutest little kid
you'll ever see they can't even talk yet
which had three he should be but he's
probably a part of the green family so
the talent agent says what's this what
can I do for you and the dad says I have
the act for you and the talent agent
says you know I really don't have any
more room for family acts they don't
work out that well and the dentist
stopped because you haven't seen this
family act before and the Det Ethan
trick he goes all right all right I'll
bite so the talent agent sits down pulls
himself up and the dad looks at the kids
and he pulls this little whistle on his
pocket murder and they all get in line
like they're in school or something
back-to-back and the dad is in front of
them and the dad takes off his hat yeah
I forgot to tell you he's wearing like
an L a you are kind of 1920s cop hat he
takes it off his head and they all do
this what their hands are doing this for
a second and
all of a sudden the kid pulls out a
remote and he hits a button and music
starts playing I don't know where the
music is coming from but it's soft like
happy kind of mMmmm happy kind of music
so the death and the kids they're all to
the music that all of a sudden they just
stop put their hands in the air and
start singing The Brady Bunch
sunshine day it's a sunshine day take a
walk outside now the Summer Sun scald in
my name I hear you now so they're doing
this the talent agent he's thinking okay
this is a fucking Brady Bunch fucking
variety act I don't want to see anymore
all of a sudden the dad whips his dick
out and he's doing his little hit thing
son house shot now the son my son
calling my name all of a sudden the
little girl gets on her knees in front
of the dad and starts singing the song
with his dick in her mouth like like
this home cook home when the home well
problem comes with Nepal meanwhile them
at this moment she lifts up her dress
and goes or Hulu now start shitting on
the floor
the little boy he's three he's
recognized what to do he starts crawling
under her legs and the shit he's little
bit of little bit of he takes his hands
full of shit and the mom has set up this
like piece of paper board and he starts
finger painting in the shit he's taking
a little picture right flips it they're
going to use it again the mom takes her
a little pale and she opens it and dumps
her on the floor and an aborted baby
comes out she's been carrying this
aborted baby and her little metal lunch
pail and the dad picks it up with his
dick in his mouth and it takes the baby
just snaps its spinal cord and it just
the fucking spine pops out of his head
they take tape wrap it around the baby's
head put it in a trash bag in case the
Anthony comes in and takes the baby out
of the room where she buries it with a
battle chloroform
I said battle but I met bottle so she
takes the chloroform and hides it she
gets off of a murder charge she didn't
do it guys come on she didn't do it the
dad all of a sudden starts coming so
hard in the girl's mouth here's one
he starts coming so hard that you see it
start coming out of her nose and ears
it's like a fountain like someone took a
water hose on foot latinum
she's got bird it was like a cartoon
scene the little boy takes his mouth and
puts it at her ear to catch something to
come
meanwhile the mom reaches under her
dress and pulls out this homemade
Cherokee hair tampons out and then could
start sucking the blood off and then she
takes it and sticks it in the talent a
just coffee and start stirring it the
talent agent takes a sip of his coffee
hmm
he didn't care the mom lifts up her
dress start squeezing and a baby falls
out she was pregnant the whole fucking
time
the dad takes the baby and beats it in
the face until it dies mom gets pregnant
every every nine months or so she raises
them for the fucking act
anyways that's not less important they
take this dead baby and they rip it open
and the mom takes this little balloon of
heroin and stuffs it into the baby's
intestines takes it takes the intestines
out with the balloon of heroin and just
bites into it like a heroin Apple but
flesh and then she starts swinging
heroin around the room just it's like it
almost looks like someone took like
pixie stick dustman blew it everywhere
hair was just falling from the skies
it's almost like a beautiful fucking
Christmasy themed kind of thing going on
the dad takes a shit on the floor
it's a fucking diarrhea elephant shit
it's like the biggest shit you'll ever
see in your entire life it's just like
piling up like ice cream the mom opens
your pussy lips
it's our spring period blood on top of
the shit see just like
and this fucking it's like someone took
a gallon of kool-aid and just dumped it
it's like you know those pictures they
use on the tampon commercials to
demonstrate you know this is how much
blood this can hold and they start
pouring it that's how much period blood
she comes up with all of a sudden the
little boy takes his shit the daughter
has her first period she periods on top
of her mom's period a piss then they
just are rolling into the shit pile
they're all covered in shit it's sort of
like the scene on Woodstock where I
started raining and everybody got in the
mud they all go to that paper and start
rubbing themselves against it after that
they look they had this nice little
collage made with the family AG has
something written on the paper the dad
turns it around you don't want you to
see it then all of a sudden they get
into this deep sensual kiss whole family
Casey Anthony comes back takes the
three-year-old puts more tape around his
mouth and beats him until he dies the
dad starts laughing so get off even
though I'm telling you now she did it
she'll get off she didn't do it now then
the little boy dead the little girl lays
on the ground straight is that new thing
they got called a planking or something
she's she's planks on the ground and the
dad stomps on her face little girl's
dead or she's retarded now little girls
retarded she's just rolling around the
floor ah she doesn't know what's going
on anymore she doesn't remember stuffing
her dad's dick while she's squirming
around the dad starts fucking her in the
mind opens her pussy lips with blood
coming on the little retarded girls
eating her pussy was a little bit us
while this is happening mom takes
another shit and piss the fucking talent
agent is like oh my god this is fucking
crazy Casey Anthony comes back and takes
a shit on the floor inside the shit was
Kelly's outfit she had it into the whole
time
the fucking they take the little outfit
the dad tries to put it over his head
he's just wearing it it is covered in
pussy juice and blood and shit and the
dad goes tada
and as he does this he's pissing and
shitting at the same time and the guy
the guy he's just whoa what do you call
that I got a no the dad takes that that
piece of paper that the head covered and
shit and flips it around and he looks at
it and there's some words written on the
paper and then I goes the aristocrats
