this is the first time I've every
trimmed interior give me a second
go-go-go-go
what's going on you guys and keep me on
a camera here Brigitte West not here
she's asleep again and the reason she's
asleep and I'm starting the vlog off
without her again it's because today
we're going back we're not going back we
didn't go yesterday today we're going to
Taco Bell today is Thursday and today
angry grandpas going to Taco Bell
breakfast one way or the other if I got
a walk
he's going to breakfast if I got to
taking uber he's going to breakfast I
forgot a make Lorne wake him up he's
going to breakfast dad you made a
promise
the youngest click like they want you to
go to Taco Bell breakfast yesterday you
got out of it
today you're not gonna be able to Amy's
not here just like yesterday oh my god
in the next minute I'm getting ready to
take it over ah what's going on with
this was I'm curled everybody's right my
mustache and beard is crap dad you don't
got much longer before we go to Taco
Bell seriously what's going on you guys
kid behind the camera here for Joe is
here guys straight up right off the bat
we got some bad news you saw I was
waiting for grandpa to come I don't my
giving them excuses but this is a pretty
good when guys grandpa is that a
doctor's appointment which means today
we are not going to Taco Bell nope it's
already past 11:00 now so guys I'm sorry
today is Thursday but I promise I
promise tomorrow we will be uploading a
Taco Bell video I don't care if I'm
going to buy it and bring it to them I
promised you guys grandpa was trying to
talk about breakfast I meant it that's
what's happening I just wanted to say
I'm sorry for that but that doesn't mean
today is gonna be any less fun because
today it's Thursday and I'm hanging out
with my girl
oh yeah that's the bad boy which is the
bad part today is Thursday which means
today number one we got a throwback
story number two we're going out which
means we're going to Halloween Express
and figuring out some pranks and number
three we're going to lunch yeah we're
going to lunch at your favorite
restaurant all the garden well see babe
what's for lunch you'll see no that
seems like a spot like I said let's see
what's for lunch
hey you you'll see so do us for lunch
work be good what are you picking it's
her pick though but do you love it
what is it cuz that that's our cast it's
where you'll love it it's somewhere we
even want to go for a long time yes it
is Oh Red Lobster Red Lobster Cindy yes
oh no I don't eat seafood oh we are
gonna keep you in a good mood today it's
gonna be fun I'm not in a good mood if
we're going to fricken whatever that
place is called the seafood place keep
it happy Michael what's up
I am replying that with music so you're
everybody right here
yeah that was it this is my world
dancing oh then show us you're gonna
have to sail good show your real dancing
but the third time you've done that so
as we know that is definitely how Sydney
dances and me hearty here for the first
time like I think never any pastas back
at Olive Garden is it maybe where we go
for lunch guests are Spain hey you know
what for my birthday
what your birthday's Gover come on
Michael you ready what's taking you so
long
I was trying to find another shirt is
that cool oh I thought you were doing
something else so Olive Garden just
called me Michael and they said old yeah
they actually call him they said you
can't eat there anymore
what yeah they said you eat too much
pasta 101 you're so gullible first of
all if you're gonna use words use ones
that are actually in the diary you even
believe you're just words that are in
the dictionary gullible it's not a real
word this is Gogol's not in the
dictionary it is gullible let me take go
who is made up in 1812 it's not a real
word let me just check let me check
Google tell me okay you're gonna find
out in a second okay Google gullible
there is a definition for him
Oh Cindy really told us yeah and you
just described or gullible I told you is
no definition for godly gullible and
gullibly nobody's on her but God look
look I made you think there was a word
that didn't exist in your word so go
well that you looked it up I think you
would fall for that if I be oldest trick
in the book
yeah hmm did you really think that guys
we're going out to lunch Olive Garden
right right now we were trying to
configure our way out around a big giant
pothole with that thing bro I know what
are my tax dollars going to exactly
because I pay a lot of them oh my god
I'm scared
oh this Lee's helping us thank you we
better have no front-end
oh wow oh man I didn't record at you
guys when we were like in this thing
really are we getting out of it I'm not
sure I thought I was caught like
confidence you know just oh but no guys
next stop all of God all right you guys
I can see the writing on the wall it's
happening we are not going to Olive
Garden or going to the Red Lobster yep
which is right here I see the sign it's
like a beacon of misery I love it but
you okay you really think I'm gonna love
it you're gonna I don't eat seafood I've
been with you for almost nine years I
know what you lied again you're gonna
love this oh my god okay compromise
there's nobody here are they closed
yes it's early damn it three o'clock
she's sick pure misery has begun
everybody here we are
Red Lobster guys I don't eat seafood I
know the vlog title says trying seafood
for the first time which technically
isn't true but it is true I'll tell you
a little bit later about one of the last
times a seafood in the throwback story
as I hate seafood there's a very very
specific reason why and we're gonna talk
about it
well you have to watch the vlog soon
you'll be here tonight or I'll tell you
off-camera
I'll tell I am so excited
oh my god they're so cute here's a fun
fact Bridget
did you know lobsters before actually
four more people back in the day
primarily prisoners I actually did know
that I didn't I did because you told me
before that's how you learn things
okay do I want the wood grilled lobster
and shrimp don't want the Bar Harbor
lobster bait how about I order for you I
think you want coconut Cheryl you can't
do this oh we at least try it yes the
vlogs called trying seafood for the
first time so I have a Kenosha yeah you
should order like seafood they have
other things I'm going to order seafood
to try it really I don't have a choice
oh I don't like steak steak steak
weather much like see we're really not
stable you tur like steak oh it's really
good because it's not a cheeseburger
it's not pasta first I'm gonna get would
be tilapia woodfire tacos alright and
coconut shrimp
Wow yes they see food yeah no they're
cheddar biscuits but you're trying to
prank me and Cindy blew it for you yeah
she did she blew it
oh my god worries for how these
and this is seafood I'm in so uh yeah I
think you and Mom just switched though
lighting better light coconut shrimp and
Michael asked for cocktails the fuzz
I thought that's what you eat it with
this minute
no okay guys hand to God I do not like
seafood in any form of it Bridge the
young lioness so I'm really really
nervous right when you pick a strip make
sure you get that good in the sauce it
smells good can y'all promise me that's
not mayonnaise I promise it's not
mayonnaise folks
this is the first time I've ever eaten
trimmed interior give me a second
go go go go
can't help it's good maybe I just got
breading
definitely got me
yeah I can't is it gun kept hello it's
not like fishing
get a good dip in the sauce I did the
sauce yeah yeah he did
sauce was delicious oh yeah it's not
horrible but it's good I'm trying to
decide
guys I think picker boy hold don't you
speak on me like two coconuts swim
I mean clearly I'm down to the bottom so
I'm how to have meat by now
oh yeah you bet you've had a shrimp but
now your face is swelling up why oh my
baby give it so what my canteen oh sorry
I'm sorry that was me it's not fishing
yeah I don't like fishy seafood easier
I mean who likes that an intensely fish
order every time I've ever had seafood
has had that fish flavor well I had to
mate rent
you've had me take a nibble exactly that
was see grandpa made shrimp that's good
it is right that's good that's awesome
that's shocking
that's shocking that's great news I know
good coconut ship together that we can
come here more yeah
I don't hate it right I'm glad something
good fits under feel dizzy seriously
yeah like my arms rash down no they're
not
Cyndi see that Michael Oh was it funny
to think that how to shuffle you know if
you glad you liked it
me so oh yeah don't try the cocktail
sauce don't ya this sauce here is good
yeah the cocktail sauce for other sharp
that is you know yeah I'm like an utter
so yeah utter disbelief I mean I'm happy
man that's awesome
Wow pickle boy likes cockroaches at the
sea bobster as lobster fish is that
tilapia all right I used to serve
tilapia when I worked at a restaurant I
look like a fish juice is that seriously
fish juice yeah I don't know I'm done
with it Michael try it
oh hey guys why is it that color don't
ask questions just take a nice big bite
yeah
not fresh yeah
that is fish you'll like it
oh that's fishy fish oh well maybe you
should try looks like chicken but it's
fish maybe you should try it a shrimp
scampi how much my see but I'm gonna
have just try some scampi you really
hate it this soon for Michael you're not
gonna make me eat this thing maybe you
should try us can see here okay you
don't need to tell the other one was
fried that's what I like that one yes
you got to hold it by the talent either
seriously yeah and blow on it this round
we like a roach exoskeleton Tony and I'm
not gonna like it they gonna be mad it
is in my head okay it wasn't the habit
it was the consistency of the travel
crazy Michael had a fight I want you
baked potato now leaving right now you
guys it was good it was good
okay you know I'm so happy you liked it
I'm shocked I'm pleasantly surprised now
part why I keep saying Party City
yeah how do you express halloween
Express guys because Halloween is the
heat we just got the halloween Express
and look what it says Bridget
enter if you dare no should we not go in
I don't think we should I'm really
scared
okay answer if you dare I dare not let's
go home
guys we're going home I'm scared yeah no
no we are a Halloween express what can
we do with this stuff for you
holy crap police tape we could totally
do a prank pathetic they're like guys
let us know in the comment section what
kind of pranks we can do with like
official police tape yeah there's got to
be something you do become tried a
little harder on their eyeballs leave it
will kill your eyes a yellow red and
bullet maybe they have jaundice Michael
what is jaundice when your skin yellows
and your eye is yellow oh god they're
bad goat jaundice eyeballs
now it makes sense oh god these be
believable to you hey know what's going
on with your face oh my gosh Michael oh
they want to buy these just to do this
the real way we get home yes we're
actually gonna be leaving the store you
guys we came here hoping to buy a whole
bunch of prank stuff but doesn't sound
really tiny yeah they're just like just
costumes what the Beetlejuice is back oh
my gosh that's like that's pretty cool
this year Beetlejuice makes his big
return Oh Michael chill I really hated
the store that bad
I didn't cave chill yoga this
there okay show everything you know yeah
secrets in there guys secret there's
lots of secret if you got more secrets
to come
what's next Halloween expressed I'll
show you the biggest prank I can now oh
my gosh guys you're not ready for this
what Michael go who are you excuse me
can I get a ride home who are you sir
Mike who are you sir get away from my
car please can I hold my camera - what a
stupidest party city I told you guys I
was gonna buy these little eyeballs so I
could put them in my glasses and see
what it would really look like if these
were my eyeballs because guys these
don't look like eyeballs these aren't
real looking eyeballs what are you
selling Party City okay so we're gonna
find out right now what I'll look like
with orange red and yellow eyeballs
evite Oh God okay I can't see that's my
eye Clyde don't touch it all right let's
try this you ready all right oh don't
get it stuck in your eyes I saw this
video this girl got oh he's fine a Dodge
tuck okay
hey oh my god they look so real and
vivid so guys let me see it
okay what's going on you guys
Jimmy what nothing do look at them are
you okay I think we should take the
hospital my eyes popped out bro Oh
I don't know why I wanted to do that but
I did that was really satisfying
horizon-- come on baby daddy needs a new
coat I love it
we're getting out of here in just a
second you guys gonna be doing the outro
but before we do I wanted to do a very
quick story a very fast throwback story
about the reason I hate seafood because
there are two very good reasons why I
hate seafood guys today was genuinely
one of the first times in my life as in
my adult life I guess you would say that
I ate seafood and the reason for that is
number one we grew up on the coast
you know Charleston is right here on the
coast and when you grow up on the coast
everybody eats seafood every cookout
people throw seafood every party seafood
every restaurant seafood and you grow up
in you just eat seafood all the time and
it got to the point where I just
couldn't like stomach it anymore
and while that transition of hating
seafood was happening I was a kid and
all we can afford
were fish dicks because guys fish dicks
are cheap you'd get a box with like four
thousand fish sticks for like 25 cents
they're way cheaper than they should be
I don't know what they're made out of
part fish part particle board I don't
know guys why your fish dicks so cheap
number one number two why was it all
that we ate when I was a kid it's like
that's all dad would get it's like
Monday's dinner fish dicks Tuesday's
dinner fish sticks
Thursday's dinner grilled cheese so then
I say Thursday I'm losing track of my
own days anyway fish sticks it was all
fish sticks all the time lunch fish
sticks dinner fish sticks breakfast fish
sticks guys I had so many fish sticks
that I can't believe that like I was
even able something to shrimp today we
ate that many fish sticks I find them to
be one of the most repulsive things on
the world
it's all I ate however there is another
reason why I hate seafood and this is a
very good one in as a traumatic
childhood experience courtesy of my
loving grandmother every week my
grandmother would have Sunday dinner and
we would all get together and usually it
was a delicious meal fried chicken chili
you know cookouts all kinds of delicious
food
my grandmother was such a fantastic cook
I can't rave about that enough she was
just you want the Julia Child of the
trailer park guys
grandma green was you you view the VP
grandma you my grandma you the best guys
she was an amazing cook however
sometimes she would make fish right
sometimes
we ate fish because we were on the coast
and we had to eat fish and she knew that
I was already starting to hate fish by
the way side note I was also getting
tired of breakfast
one night my grandmother decides to make
a ton of fish and she knows I hate it
and she tells me you're not leaving the
table unless you eat the fish and there
came a stand up I'm like no I am not
eating the fish absolutely not I will
sit here as long as you make me sit here
and guys she made me sit there okay she
was an old woman in South Carolina
dinner was like noon right it was way
early for dinner and I sat there in till
midnight I didn't move from the table
she wouldn't let me move she had a
flyswatter in case I did so she could
hit me in the face thanks grandma I
don't know why it had to be so defiant
if I could go back in time I would be
like yo Michael seriously just eat the
seafood let it slide down your gullet
like that also here's tomorrow's lottery
numbers as I traveled back in time right
that's the thing all I had to do was eat
the seafood if I wasn't just eaten the
seafood I could've gotten up from the
table and gone to play which isn't as
appealing as it sounds back then playing
was putting faces on pans of corn
because I couldn't afford any toys that
was my childhood one of those kids a
corner up to
come midnight she finally yelled at me
but you're gonna have it for breakfast
and she lived up to it guys and I didn't
eat it and it went on for a day guys I
didn't want it
I don't like seafood grandma chill guys
that's the story
number one we grew up on the coast
number two
I grew up eating so many fish sticks
that even thinking about it now makes me
want to throw up and number three
grandma torturing me at the table making
me eat fish until it or I couldn't get
up and guys I ain't get up that's the
story let's go do this outro grandma I
miss you you could cook you just
couldn't cook fish everybody just ignore
this is a pepto-bismol that was not for
me okay that was not mine okay just
ignore it well that's gonna be up here
today you guys thanks for watching had a
really good day it's been a really good
day guys I hung out with Bridget I hung
out with her mom grandpa didn't come
over to do the Taco Bell video but we
will have it up tomorrow guys I'm so
confident that we're gonna have the Taco
Bell video up tomorrow that this video
this vlog is gonna end with a trailer
for the video
I've open my mouth now I got to do it
yes we have no choice by the time this
blog has gone up on what I've already
filmed it tomorrow so why not here's the
trailer guys the trail is gonna be at
the end I know what I'm risking it all
man we have to do Hey if dad doesn't go
we're bringing it to him one way or the
other
grandpa's eating Taco Bell breakfast
tomorrow that is sure like subscribe
favorite everything just and let's roll
that trailer
trailer
I am nasty some another oh come on
I'm trying here we go folks
going in you need to do to me I swear if
they don't like people around my mouth
you
