okay first thing I'm going to comment on
today is the fact that we were on dr.
Drew last night that was really fucking
cool as you can see angry angry grandpa
was all upset there over the verdict
I want to thank him he's never gonna see
this he's a big star he doesn't give a
shit about us or my family he probably
don't even know who anger grandpa was
before he watched the video he probably
didn't even watch the video yet he had a
teleprompter going up an angry grandpa
but either way we were on his show one
of the common questions I get is do I
have an Xbox Live username it's right
here thing I assume it'll be somewhere
in this region right there Xbox Live
this bitch is done stick a fork in them
incision tour to the corpse little girl
I'm Jack kevorkians best friend and Nola
bought this horse horrible baby girl I
never won a torch the cord so well dump
it out in the trash look inside the lab
that goes a little bastard child that'll
never have dumped me trash inside the
Kenda master screaming that my mind oh
let go whooping thoughts inside this
aftermath face the facts I'm back and
that's a fact you wet the grass so such
a kid aside and have to talk you have to
have daddy's mad he has an axe he wants
to swing in slash at mommy's ass a
cracker skull before she can react draw
a Beth I got some blood to wash it kids
and dragged and took the water hold her
faces till the bubbles path I'm gonna
shallow sugar eating next to the wires
bye bye chicky I sure dad say he needs
his knife
today for my blog I'm going to go see
grandpa are you here Tom what you need a
knife
yes why could my brown hair nice mr.
Khan's got damaged it try to have your
fast board rambling all right I got to
treat you like him then come on boy okay
boy
this person said sing broke strawberry
117 Hodja Lyman saw everything but she's
got me terrified
Oh
I build my life around you lazy just
squeaked his toy and I'm pissed off and
I'm gonna kill him too
American Idols gonna be here this week I
should try out
I'm sure the judge was like all normal
before like let me tell you something
Casey Anthony I ain't gonna have no
shenanigans in my courtroom yes is gonna
get a lot of time and let me take some
oxy real quick now Matar Oakland no not
to say I happened before
well if you want your identity stolen
and you want to use your little wand
please video games get ps3 meanwhile
Xbox Kinect Xbox next Netflix you don't
need a remote dad this is the hand
straight plus some South Park shall we
if I'm your fucking hero dude you got a
lot of fucking problem seriously I'm
nobody's fucking hero biggest question I
get is angry grandpa fake no no you can
hear the whole time on doing this
screaming in the background that's him
listen anyway send more questions I'll
do more videos why my talk of a side of
my mouth like Bam Margera or something
we're gonna go wake up Phil anyway and
we're gonna go beat Bridgette to death
with his baseball bat I'll see you guys
later
nephew next
