hey guys it's me I shaved like you asked
might have missed a couple of spots I'm
not not very good at shaving alright so
by now all you know Casey Anthony this
fucking bitch got off with a year per
charge for years cert time served about
three and a half this bitch is gonna be
out of prison by December or whenever
the hell she's let out and she's not
gonna be in prison she's gonna be in the
same cell that she's been in not in
general population so she's just gonna
be sitting there having a good old time
in prison until she gets out his fucked
up this fucking bitch needed to be
sentenced to life in prison I don't
believe in the death penalty cuz I don't
believe in God but this bitch needed to
go cuz that she's fucked up she needed
to go to prison she needed to be in
general population and she needed to
have the shit kicked out of her every
fucking night like Susan Smith did and
who is this judge anyway he's got like a
fucking mental problem or something like
watch that as a result of those four
separate and distinct lives law
enforcement expended a great deal of
time energy and manpower looking for
young Kelly Marie have longer Caylee
oh Anthony oh sweet oh sweet girl but uh
shut the fuck up what are you talking
like that did you like fall on your head
or something are you like retarded look
at this motherfucker I want to play it
up are Kelly Marie Anthony four distinct
separate lives
uh you lied
um to the cops and I just heard the ice
maker go off in my kitchen
seriously that has to be the stupidest
fucking thing I have ever seen in my
entire goddamn life
okay maybe not the stupidest but it's
still pretty fucking stupid like all
these people I was she didn't do it
how do you know how do you know she do
you know she did it
you're not long yeah you know nothing
you know if she didn't do it she fuck up
I'm against my chloroform if the bitch
didn't do it why does she lie to the
cops and say that she hired a babysitter
who's called zani the fuck his name's
Annie anyway like I can see a tranny
name's Annie they ain't no fucking
babysitter I gotta hire a babysitter
names Annie to begin with so she lies
about some babysitter she lies to the
cops and she talked to the babysitter
she talked to Kaylee okay so if she
didn't do nothing whether fuck is she
lying about it in the first place why
didn't she report her daughter missing
seriously Casey Anthony now this is my
opinion
you murdered this fucking little girl
the sweet little girl
you murdered cuz you wanted to go party
she's dead now and you got off I hope
you're happy I hope you're happy you
made killing children legal I told you
to ask me some questions in the last
video you did Jake and Dalton want me to
give them a shout-out so ah best dog
food by the way
probably Edie bass master that's fucking
awesome you're watching pranks everybody
way better than me it's fucking great Oh
cuz I'm better than you
I'm bunny I've been on television I'm
the best jockey I'm the greatest don't
be cocky I'm sexy
no cocky statement for that pickle boy
came because Bridget here and dad there
wanted to prank me I come out of the
shower and this motherfucker throws a
jar of pickles on me and you started
calling up pickle by ha ha yes yeah shut
the fuck up we want grandpa not your fat
ass why you're my fucking channel tidbit
man stop posting this stupid videos and
upload more of grandpa no one wants to
see you we want grandpa you are not
funny you know I think we just stopped
uploading grandpa videos and we'll stop
uploading ground yeah just stop for like
a month
men stop posting this stupid videos this
stupid videos you're fucking stupid for
saying that I'm gonna end on like the
best song ever 7 a.m. waking up in the
morning gotta be fresh gotta go
downstairs gotta have my bowl gotta have
cereal seeing everything that time is
ticking and all my day gettin down on
Friday everybody's lookin forward to the
weekend partyin partyin yeah partyin
partyin yeah fun fun fun fun lookin
forward to the weekend
