dendi's is 24 rounds right you have a
good ear days the heart is rare them oh
oh oh
y'all y'all push the daughter I just do
dinners in Papa's in Boulevard
yeah dang is a marvel 3 42 42 um is this
the Denny's in Harbeson Boulevard yeah
I'm sorry I was in there earlier with my
husband Hank is this a bad time this a
lot of noise glorified it's a good it's
okay yeah okay I was in there earlier
but we had a Oh waitress I think her
name was Ashley Ashley oh I think I hash
the girls working are you talking about
the morning it was it was about noon
11:30 you noon oh I don't have any
complaints son I just had a question I
seem to have I think I'm not sure but I
took out my teeth when I was eating my
Grand Slam with the the eggs are easier
to eat without my teeth
and I you I can't find him here I think
I might have left them there that y'all
read her whole could you check their
they just did the gums of the false
teeth sir what they just looked like
normal teeth but they're false teeth oh
thank you she's he's looking for them
Hank
he says they might have them
this is Tonya the manager Matt help you
so on you oh are you the store manager
Tonya I couldn't hear you what ma'am
are you the store manager I'm the
manager can I help you
I was eating breakfast about noon today
uh-huh
and I had to take out my my false teeth
and I think I left them in your
restaurant okay
no ma'am my teeth I can't talk white
without them nope never turned in can
you please check at tape I it's the
table middle the restaurant non-smoking
okay the whole restaurant is not smoking
and it's already been cleaned several
times from the shifts already so we have
not found any Hank they said they don't
have them
what are you room they don't they they
clean the restaurant early and they
don't have the teeth rub it out you up
the MER they did you help maybe a
lost-and-found I guess ma'am unless I've
already I thought when you were you
asking me I was looking in there at that
same moment would've bailed Oh a gray
cell phone huh
what about a gray cell phone I placed
the teeth next to that no ma'am we have
not found when nobody has turned in a
cell phone and we have not found a cell
phone and we have not found any teeth
hello yes ma'am I'm just going over my
receipt right now make see what time I
was there
it was 1137 yes ma'am like I said nobody
has turned any in and we have not found
any when you find them can you call me
yes ma'am can I give you a its 8:03 five
seven three nine two one seven okay all
right if we find them we'll give you
away can you read the number back to me
five seven three nine two one seven
that's exactly right now that now they
don't look like typical false teeth
because these are specially made for me
oh so and you don't want to put them in
your mouth or anything you don't want to
do that okay
oh do you have any specials for tomorrow
no ma'am ha ha they don't have any
specials this my husband Hank was saying
you were giving away free grand slams no
ma'am they're not giving away any free
grand slams and you didn't find my
cellphone
no ma'am do you think that waitress
could have stolen him I doubt it
I do believe if they would have found
peace they would have turned teeth in
and cell phones we've had cell phones
teeth keys and everything turned in okay
so mine aren't I'm not the first one
then who's lost teeth at Denny's no
ma'am ha okay cuz I didn't want you to
think it was a prank yeah I lost my
teeth all righty
but um I've got your number and if
anybody turns any in I will I will have
them give you a call okay
thank you ma'am thank you bye-bye five
bike
