what's going on you guys kick me out of
the camera here don't come on no picture
let's hear nothing's wrong you guys
nothing's wrong
we're actually crying I'm trying not to
all right
today is st. Patrick's Day and I'm sorry
I just I clogged up like this please
just good we just got done editing the
the st. Patrick's Day video in topic
here
it's just really sad I miss some it's
cookie I just watch it
good guys I just uploaded the st.
Patrick's Day video with angry grandpa
you haven't seen it check it out the guy
was so good that's that's why I'm so sad
just he was so good
watching the video I'm editing it I
don't got to do anything I don't gonna
edit shit cuz it's all there a good
funny entertaining video cooking
something he didn't like
spinning it out at the end like it would
love it did the whole premise building
up to the beginning of the videos how
much he doesn't like it and he still
doesn't by the end of it and I'm just
editing it I'm like man he's so good and
naturally entertaining and I miss him
and I wasn't gonna vlog it but I owe it
to him to do that
they messed it up I miss you dad you
know and every time I edit these videos
I miss you more and some people don't
even watch them anymore because they
miss him so much
I understand but and you haven't seen it
check it out because it is a good video
I love it who knew that somebody can
make corned beef and cabbage so freakin
entertaining so guys today is st.
Patrick's Day and I'm sorry to start the
vlog off like this but I don't like
lying on camera I don't care if people
see dad I love you
the video was good I just wish that I
could tell you how good I was I never
saw it when you were alive and I had to
see it when you were gone to know it
even existed and it's just sad dad I
love you I love you grandpa I love you
Bridget
you might go let's get this st.
Patrick's Day started guys today we're
going out to dinner with Bridget's
grandma who is celebrating her
anniversary on st. Patrick's Day happy
anniversary
Oh what do you want to eat today I guess
we're doing Mexican and a glass of green
beer green beer green beer for st.
Patrick's Day how do you wait as the
beer green I don't know did they sell it
greener they should they used to did you
bring your dye just I did I've got my
little bottles of green dye in my first
really it only takes a drop yeah well I
won't your front because I'm a
respectful man other side we are
officially at lunch at ma Coretta
because there's nothing that says st.
Patrick's Day more than Mexican food so
what are we doing I would do a green tea
and beer oh here we go
yes I really needed like a Sydney offing
use your straw okay don't want too much
so this is what they call okay maybe too
much
guys can't wait to see what kind of my
coop is later God I'm showing this cuz I
don't know if the camera picked it up
but yeah different yeah that is why is
everybody calling green tea healthy yeah
I love yours look like a green urine
that would be so weird I really so we
got our green teas and our green beers
and our green poop later and we're
finding out right now that because we
just had a cold they don't want to eat
after us yeah outcasted it's like I'm
not allowed to have chips say you get
your own we have to order our own
separate chips separate cheese dip
separate everything down I'm finding
that though I don't want them begin to
say of course you give me a sip of that
green beer right no that's I haven't
separation I don't like it okay I'm not
I'm a little sick it's airborne actually
and deadly
I guess showbiz you guys you got to
choose dibs right here and there's a
whole extra cheese to protect the hair
you guys won't be eating him a plastic
bubble by chance she is serious you guys
you've heard of Sydney hey Evelyn yes
you want to hear any of my new music I
do I have this new song called dear dad
I'll put that awfully that first it's
soul-crushing yeah well they're all
gonna be sad Cindy I mean I like them
all Michael but that one with Juliet
Reilly is really good first this
with that that songs over okay
soul-crushing apologize I almost cried
it's really good now come back featuring
Juliet Riley I can't play this one two
lads you guys but
what's wrecking her - right okay you
guys can't hear this one right now
we'll be back when this onso got some
pipes on her yeah Julia is supremely
talented so those are my two new songs
oh I am so proud of you preach thank you
are you so catchy it's hard when you
lose before you love it is I think
you're coming through the normal stages
Oh Act it's hard yeah the way I found my
way to grieve is through music so
alright and I got a lot more to go I got
a lot of songs man I got a there's more
I've got coming that I've written I I
didn't want the whole album to be about
dad but that ended up being want to end
up happening well this the - I've heard
are just beautiful just just wonderful
it's quite a tribute Michael thank you
very much guys appreciate it
Wow my mom and grandma are leaving
obviously Patrick's Day uh he's taking a
crap I think you meet in the bathroom
yeah just stay in the back in the
bathroom yeah
yes ma'am of course and I feel fine
everybody's gone hope you guys had a
great st. Patrick's Day I don't know how
much more we got on this vlog it's gonna
be another short one I didn't want to
take a minute to talk about Evelyn
because a lot of people are probably
wondering how is she celebrating an
anniversary and her husband wasn't there
you guys uh back in July we mentioned it
before her husband actually passed away
a few years ago and their anniversary
his on st. Patrick's Day so every st.
Patrick's Day she goes out and she makes
sure she has green beer and we had a
good conversation was off-camera and she
was telling me about just the process of
losing somebody and it was really
helpful so everyone want to say thank
you I'm glad that you know you really
have a good damn glad that you're still
able to have this day and celebrate and
just find some sort of normalcy in the
middle of all this thank you so much
we're getting out of here pretty soon
you guys got a little more vlog to live
Evelyn
thanks for hanging out happy state I
can't talk happy st. Patrick's Day you
guys ready buzz yes you know what it is
don't you yes guys and yesterday's vlog
I was born it might have been the
yesterday's vlog yesterday's vlog I told
you to click like if you wanted us to do
gaming videos and - Thompson was that
dead that you wanted us to do it I
wasn't sure
well I hope that the answer was yes
because oh my gosh I'm so happy I got
two of these you're not doing it though
that's the thing oh that was the big dog
bark right there get a knife Michael
Curtiz why don't you have any common
sense color blends free insult me okay
I don't like styrofoam holy crap oh my
gosh
we got two of these Wow
and it's cool bro yeah well guess who's
gonna be gaming soon they won't guess it
me so they're having you guys we got our
two monitors
I got a webcam I got a microphone I've
got a headset yes you're very excited
about streaming I'm very excited
streaming it's coming very soon let's go
outside I gotta talk about something
getting out here in just a second you
guys but before we do I want to take a
quick second in the vlog to talk about
the future you know none of us know what
the future holds I don't even know
nobody knows what the future holds you
guys but I do know that it's gonna hold
more angry grandpa videos because I
uploaded that st. Patrick's Day video
today you guys and the response that I
saw from it the the the way it made
people so happy to see this new video of
dad that they've never seen it really
made me open my eyes and realize that I
can
it hoard these videos forever I can't be
selfish with them right now they're all
I have left of that and I've been sort
of protective over them and not wanting
to just upload them and then I realized
I can't hold onto them forever so I'm
gonna try to do a better job I'm I can't
talk to that it's too emotional of a day
today you guys I'm just trying to look
I'm gonna try to do a better job and
releasing this videos I don't know if
that means to a month or a three or one
I don't know but I know I need to
release them I knows you guys want to
see him so that's what I'm gonna be
doing I'm gonna start going through
everything that I got start making a
plan going forward and in the future
more angry grandpa videos because I
can't hold on to them forever and I know
you guys want to see him guys let's do
this outro hope you had a happy st.
Patrick's Day sorry the vlog so short
let's do this well that's gonna be up
for today you guys thanks for watching
have a really good st. Patrick's Day you
guys it was good it was really good I
mean the beginning of it was really
emotional but it was a really good day I
was sad the whole day pretty much just
thinking about dad and just dad I miss
you I love you every day I miss you
every day and some days are gonna be
harder than others like your grandma was
saying you know oh yeah it's gonna you
know it's going to be hard especially
for us because we spent so much time
with dad and he's gone and that's going
to be hard and that's okay it's hard
it's okay that it's that it's gonna be
hard for us it's gonna be hard for
anybody that loses somebody but I hope
you guys can watch us and learn through
us ways to go through that because we're
still going through it and we're still
having struggles and I'm just happy that
we got you guys by our side to get us
through it thanks for watching you guys
hope you had a good safe st. Patrick's
Day yeah nobody drives drunk call an
uber no drinking and driving you guys
okay stay home and play for a night yes
we're doing thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite everything that's it
I love you guys so much and come find
out for tonight
finally so for tonight
