guys grandpa's actually here's what's
happening grandpa's buying the used one
but he wants the thumbnail with the new
box so I say John's day because you're
not spending 449 you got that right both
so smile for your thumbnail that's not a
song
what's going on you guys kid beyond the
camera here
Brigitte West not here she's asleep and
the reason the vlog is starting what
bridge West's asleep Asti brought me
back up just a touch the reason this
vlog is starting off while Bridget's
asleep because we're going to Taco Bell
me and Grandpa up it's breakfast time
guys it's just me awake
what was that yesterday I asked you guys
to click like if you want grandpa to go
to Taco Bell for breakfast and you
clicked like you want grandpa to go back
to Taco Bell for breakfast bad we're
going to Taco Bell it's time to redeem
yourself
you got some like I don't know you guys
go talk about I know that it is 9:15 in
the morning right now you guys I've been
up for about 45 minutes
I've not heard who tad I keep trying to
call his phone
hopefully grandpa remembers because guys
I really I've been waiting for this he
has to try cuz I think he gave it an
unfair like judge last time right like
he was a good - I think I hate that go
big red this but I don't think he can
really say that he didn't give it enough
he tried like two things like spit it
out left the parking lot I don't think
he knows if he likes it or not but right
now it's like well it's a beautiful day
and grandpa still not here it's like
10:00 in the morning he's not here I
don't know it's been like 2 hours where
where are you dad we got to go to talk
about breakfast in sling an hour so
you're not answering your phone you're
not answering text messages I just heard
a car pull up
yet am i using the 55
it's too late now man
hey what are you doing
ready to go bro do you know what time it
is
there's absolutely no they stop at 11
damn what do it a morning
yeah you got here before I dream
oh I I wonder why that would be another
pitch thank both of you cut it and you
refuse to let me fix it okay so well so
what do we do now
winner boy huh guys
nice nothing I'm sorry
well I don't know yeah good morning
I'll feed you up in pitch battle you
yeah sounds good
you sure they don't bread the dawning
I'm pretty sure whose is present donate
Shoney's I don't know McDonald's
was that face about how I'm enough who
does
so nobody got it okay we just go in the
morning I guess I'm going do you want to
come inside hang out talk nope I don't
think you had any intentions of going
wait a minute you said you didn't want
to go and you showed up late did I jump
over one yeah but I'll start wait a
minute I if you don't show up to my
house you know I being called a liar dad
if you show up to my house tomorrow I'm
showing up at yours I'm going to Walmart
buying me a Playstation all right I'll
see you Bob I love you ah so you guys
heard of here wait you're doing what I'm
gonna buy me a Playstation wha what a
ride and let you give me the game what
does that mean whatever game I need so
you were like screaming yeah well I'll
go with you you know everywhere I go you
don't want me to go now what would you
do yeah can I change my shirt yeah
you're really bad that like for days I
put this on this morning your memory is
faulty I'll be right back I guess
grandpa's by the ps4 got dressed
Goma grandpa how weird I didn't take
that long it's been like five finished
folks I don't even know anymore going to
Walmart buying a ps4 okay okay
just got to show knees ready for a
little breakfast and then a ps4 you buy
right of course after me sir you sue me
sir no sir you sir
I'll be right back the funniest thing
ever happened just now you guys dad was
on the bar we're getting some chicken
and the guy behind him very rudely by
the way I was close to like saying
something to the guy but I didn't have
to because that did the guy was like you
gonna you in a hurry up so we can all
get some chicken and so dad and his
infinite wisdom took all the chicken
I'll do every piece of chicken on the
bar they since replaced it but dude he
took it Paul yeah don't do me now take
it off hey Dom you didn't even eat it
beautify the corner I'm doing a whole
ball horn first of all oh you weren't
being slaughtered you just sort of
looking piece in the guy was oh oh so
you're gonna save some for all of us can
we all get some chicken I was like I was
like oh but the dad said something so I
didn't have to that was hilarious dad
good deep one day dad's gonna get my
head crack for somebody dad's gonna say
the wrong thing and I gotta deal with it
guys
done eating breakfast you guys now but
we were doing well yeah it was lunch but
this first meal today for me so it's
breakfast now we're at Walmart not only
are we at Walmart this is the one where
you got kicked out of twice recently
yeah
eg style with you
we're good
would you need another booth or oh yeah
this this is all you need right here
let's go
like Mario Cart said it's like Mario
Kart is that how fast it goes that's as
fast as it moves
sitting here looking at all the prank
stuff there's somebody prank ideas we
can do here know what what's up man
I don't know if it is enough man turn
and turn your head to him then
that's not true don't be telling people
that you don't like me that is not true
he's got bad knees so that was cool they
came all the way from Alabama
I'm just waiting you guys for example to
just crack into somebody's legs it's
coming please don't I'm old I got the
right no you don't excuse ma'am he's
dangerous behind this I gotta ride it
away okay so it's actually not 299 what
it's the other one 399 what stop what
are you doing I'm looking now so I'm
sure they got one for $2.99 three down
that probably comes with stuff what
stuff games doesn't work if probably
doesn't come with enough where are you
going yeah uh it could be James up I
feel this is the first time I've ever
seen you in game stuff I never been
there for I want to film you pull off
would be funny
okay
what are you you think the world is
ending again Koji's here's a site that I
didn't think I'd ever see you walking
into a game stop I don't want to game
that's also something never thought I'd
see are you guys we're in game stop
looking for a headset for grandpa now
you don't need none this intricate no
per se cancels out all of their noise
and that's all we needed you to hear
nothing else oh yeah you like that some
of that so any of this that you do
control comes with it Oh looks like we
need people okay I'll be back guys
grandpa's actually here's what's
happening
grandpa's buying the used one but he
wants the thumbnail with the new box so
I say John's day because you're not
spinning for 49 you got that right vote
so smile for your thumbnail that's not a
smile what a smile didn't make a better
face than that
oh yeah no teeth way I like it you're
totally blocked out got it
now you can get your used ps4 yeah okay
here we go you excited to get a ps4 yeah
I'm getting a ps4 damn can you tell us
to that today yep you get to choose two
games - I don't know what to choose on
you - gamer I'm not a gamer that offend
you know cordless
leaving games whoa see a man leaving
game stop with grandpa you guys he's got
a ps4 hello you excited
hada kind of excited yo didn't you part
there it's a game
wait did you park right there oh how
about this
I thought the car was stolen no I
thought it was there all right I feel
good I feel good lot better on guys
grandpa's got this now I look it over
you guys and all of a sudden grandpa
pops in this tiny little sucker in his
mouth
it was just funny usually it's probably
little kids I like sucker and because
take a big guess where you got it I got
from the back buddy we'll just play
about because that's what he gives a
little kids that you are a good boy here
you go
I asked to do you asked for it yeah guys
on our way home had a good time hanging
out with dad got a ps4 yep now you need
VR Yahoo
all right pot one of the duties you plug
it into the controller
what does be gone cat me recon chat I
don't know sleep like wargames something
I don't know Lily your popcorn I desire
a cartoon called yellow will you guys
grandpa's got a ps4 back there I'm going
to hook it up guys
smack the like button if you want grab
Potter get PlayStation VR and tonight
Jason you can play Jason yeah whoa guys
covering the Flint River pop plays Jason
and he might play Resident Evil in VR
smack the like way I told you guys for
the past like oh you know how long a
month yeah then we're going to be
cooking and we never do we never cook
well today we wait around imahara's ever
happened today we're gonna be making
meatballs
that's alright that's the only reason oh
one of the Fedora money well spent today
we're making meatballs you guys we're
gonna start off with about a pound and a
half of ground chuck then I'm gonna do
half of it oh my gosh you guys missed it
a second ago bread crumbs spilled
everywhere look it's all over my rug oh
my god all right spill out oh great now
it's all over the hardwood floor wrong
Stephanie okay
half of a pound of ground pork chop it
up meatballs
that's a wide yeah oh is it is it a lot
wait where do I put it back into the
breadcrumb container
today's not your day maybe you should
just go sit down and I can cook me fall
yeah oh because I'm gonna measure out
that's why next step we're gonna add two
large eggs be careful with the eggs bed
show goddammit
are you serious oh my gosh what is with
you today
I don't know Bridget okay what oh my do
this go to bed just this good I got this
what's now there's no shelves you really
trust me anymore
next up is almost a cup of Parmesan
cheese so that right act next up this is
like too much breading but okay
breadcrumbs this was to dad this right
here we'll find out in a minute
this right here is a mixture of salt
pepper sugar oregano and parsley yeah
and the container is trash
it's an old dog cup would you say the
containers Chazz
okay you were supposed to tell people
yeah guys I grabbed the chair cake this
is too much of writing I'm gonna flip
dude me too
we give it a good mix it's perfect
this one's looking like give it a good
mix wow these are going to be so good if
you don't know what we're doing you guys
we're making a recipe called meatballs
and beet sauce so basically what we're
gonna do is don't be eating girl ends up
are your next step is you're gonna get
your meat oh that I was already
then okay Bridget yeah we used up all
the mean forgot to film the scene okay I
got pretend here so I'm gonna meet in
they're all back do it hey guys here's
what you're gonna do you gonna get your
meat roll it into a ball good you're
right
is that Reid that's my problem our
meatballs are done just eyeballing it I
think we got about thirty two meatballs
pretty talented guy did not um yeah you
did watch this I'm a genius
oh my gosh guys you're very smart and I
don't care anymore
here's what's happening folks we're
going to par baked Beach which is baked
them - almost done but they're gonna
finish in the sauce the other method I
usually do is they'll cook entirely in
the sauce but it takes like two hours
who got time for that not me yeah we're
pretty hungry now so here they are going
in meatballs I'll see you again in 15
minutes so we're just placing these in
the sauce there they're actually cooked
but we're just gonna have them soaking
in the sauce for about 10-15 minutes oh
my gosh I'm so excited try one yes no
maybe yes I want to try what are you
kidding I'm saying you don't really
all right Oh guys I got a I got you
that's good meatball good meatball right
Wow amazing
now that your meatballs are in here you
guys you don't want to stir it okay
they will break the meatballs up so
you're gonna start like this you just
shake them in there get them in that
sauce they're gonna cook slow I got it
on for just shake them you shake them up
you shake them off I made me meatballs
oh I gotta go and run the song I never I
can never really stop mm-hm
never really stopped mom I eat these on
my own oh my god I get a hope here oh
look I'm done I'm gonna roll I gotta
stop oh my god all right folks
okay I don't know how that happened so
you stuck in the spoon oh my gosh okay
step two
we're going to add our gravy oh man I'm
just going to go to bed what is wrong
with me today
I don't know hell no Bridget but
seriously I think more sauce please
Oh doing it oh oh you found out you just
eat this move the fourth floor right now
go no not happenin
I don't want the five I'm good she don't
want five of us cuz all I did was look
at Clyde and such freaking out
well that's gonna be up for today you
guys thanks for watching actually had a
really good day hanging out with Grandpa
had a good day hanging out with you it's
been a good day we went out to lunch we
went got grandpa PlayStation 4 he didn't
go to Taco Bell like I really let me ask
you a question okay do you think he
chose to show up at eleven o'clock to
not go to talk about on purpose
absolutely what he's talking about
they seriously who believes breakfast is
still being served at eleven yeah that's
totally lunchtime yeah oh my I had no
idea
Yeah right hopefully tomorrow he goes to
Taco Bell now holding my breath not a
hold on my hopes but he should he needs
to go to Taco oh yeah guys definitely
gotta go thanks for watching just want
to say thank you to everybody who
supports our vlogs on a daily basis the
likes the comments the shares the
subscribers you guys are amazing
we're getting out of here like subscribe
favorite fun everything just and that's
it I love you guys so much you guys
really are amazing do you really hate
this oh yeah she hates it okay you know
just kidding
