what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here there's noise here right
there today is Tuesday
Bridgette right you should know what day
of the week it is
yes Tuesday today is Tuesday and today
what are we doing today I gotcha I
gotcha what do you mean guys if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog grandpa
wouldn't let me in the house yeah that
was really sad it's really stupid and
one of the weird thing is they had fake
blood just like chillin on the porch
yeah that was weird what's even weirder
is the fact that it was in a party city
bag that's odd
yeah it is on in then and the fact that
you went to Party City yesterday yeah
that's where you get big blind look did
look down in the camera and say I
promise I didn't go to parties in and
get that thing I promise I didn't
looking at I said look at the camera I
promise I'm gonna party for blood oh
it's fine you guys want to prank me
that's okay I get to prank you guys back
today okay I'll tell you what really
happened
grandpa text me he's like give me some
fake blood I want to prank Lauren yeah
okay it really works because guys today
is Lauren's birthday but guess what yeah
no pranks happens to Lauren at the party
then you're lying again guys let's go to
Grandpa oh no no more don't worry oh
yeah then we'll bring it you think I'm a
fool
Bridget Heisenberg er okay I need the
glasses it doesn't work without me we're
gonna be going to Grandpa's house in
just a second you guys we just did the
intro but before we do I want to do one
quick scene why
little conversation with you guys
because I've had a lot on my mind
you know if you didn't see yesterday's
vlog grandpa wouldn't let me in the
house the door was locked
he let me talk to him through the window
and that was odd and then Bridget
discovered some fake blood which I leave
her found out she put there
Bridget come on I don't know you're
trying to fool a lot of people pointed
out something and I wanted to talk about
it maybe maybe they were planning the
prank right then I don't know when the
prank is gonna be maybe it's an october
prank and it causes like lots of
preparation maybe I'm ruining their
prank idea just by knowing about it in
the first place but I showed up at dad's
house and oh my god don't let him in
lock the door yeah
maybe I just shit in the showed up dad
maybe that's what happened guys thank
you for helping me come up with ideas
and let me know what's going on because
sometimes I don't know sometimes I can't
piece it together you guys are helping
out tremendously we're going over to
Grandpa's house for Lauren's birthday
but that's what I think happened I think
I stumbled upon them in the preparation
stages of a prank
hopefully one likes my mashed potatoes
Oh guys how could she not honestly so
here's the deal you want me to make them
what do you want that I kind of want to
make sure no I you want to make them yes
mashed potatoes being mashed up and what
are y'all doing okay
oh is it hard it's a little hard
oh poor Bridget can't mashed potatoes
she can't do it all right
sour cream good to your liking am I
making this or you may
looking good milk
oh how I love milk some butter butter so
that is sour cream milk butter and we're
gonna mash it together explosion oh we
both saw I'm pepper all right salt
pepper mash we have salt we pepper we
mash salt pepper mash
salt pepper mash repeat salt see Sean
Spicer was on the Emmys
yeah and they crazy Wow Oh think of it
oh yes
let me know where China has a new recipe
we will be oh yeah new meatloaf recipe
mashed in a recipe that's pretty good
here we go I never review grandpa's
cooking I know Brian I always like eaten
whenever review so guys today I'm a
worldview grandpa's cookin meatloaf
recipe okay so made them cause what what
yeah what did you add I better take
another bite to be sure oh my god you
going to win it I don't know what that
added to this shutting it down
a new recipe do you have some of the
best meat lover I ever had yeah what is
your love meatloaf can't kill a secret
man what Lauren about joining no idea
but we made me stay out of the kitchen
the whole time he's like it's your
birthday I couldn't get out so the
concealer is obviously not bread because
you would see the bread so the bread is
bread crumb big run I'm glass I'm
talking about if it was chunks of bread
you'd see it those bread crumbs eggs
salt pepper oregano no no I
yeah it is I knew soup things one more
how are you this guy got one more green
you ain't go figure
milk no boy do I know food or what oh my
god that one's birthday present I guess
what was in the meatloaf all right
birthday Lauren reviewing grandpa's food
this is a good guys you got a record
Megan what happened
um they mess it up I'm we're trying we
can't miss that whiskey the Battle of
escape
all right here we go I got
the area label this one how shall I
place it in front but she spit the
candle I don't look like the back of it
I know this what we were laughing what
happened here how you do oh my gosh huh
alright well happy birthday Lauren hey
we have a cutter okay dad's giving Jenny
where's the cupcakes this this day just
fell all apart hold on we're gonna redo
the whole scenes
no just boom out
oh sorry Lord not today
GUI we're gonna one more time yeah one
more time Lauren definitely the birthday
with this is it this is the time isn't
it yeah Unni I need you to relight this
Oh what okay you know why those in a
second wait nuts on your girl
oh boy they're gonna realize that the
rewinding and this is this is good burn
your house down this little this is it
this is weird
he knows RVs thank you I got a question
why is the tradition in our family that
whoever's birthday dance has to cut
their own cake honey
I always thought it was someone else
that does it like I always feel like
every birthday it's the birthday person
coming you know like wedding stuff oh is
that what this really is he's not
ignoring me
what nothing well Lauren happy birthday
thank dinner was great
Oh cake is delicious we're getting out
of Grandpa's house you guys Laura and
happy birthday thank you now dad I don't
mean to cut you off for Dad idea where
to run by you what trying to find a way
to say this to know you're not gonna
want to do this just come out with it
guys smack the like button if you want
Grampa to try talking about breakfast
one more time remember how you hated the
talk about breakfast yes well they just
came out with a new thing where they
have a shell made out of egg what it's
it's just basically like a big omelet or
something it might be coveted the Taco
Bell new like breakfast like shell I
don't know went on a ho Drive guys smack
to like win if you wanted to do it we're
gonna go we're getting out of here born
half birthday hey Jimmy all right Lauren
Curtis before we get out of here we're
gonna be doing the outro in just a
minute before we do I want to talk about
something that we just saw in the
parking lot of a grocery store guys we
left grandpa's house and we decided we
wanted to go to the grocery store and
get some frozen pizza right so we pull
up into the grocery store bridges like
what's that like what is that and dude
what do we see a car was on fire guys
guys a car was fully engulfed in flames
and you're probably wondering why I
didn't film it well number one I'm not
gonna go out there with some guys cars
on farm you're like okay I'm giving it
Kevin we get the clip whoa keep me on
the camera here you're not gonna believe
it
right like that's
it's really inconsiderate right number
two I got out to see if I can help
now bridge was like don't get too close
it's gonna explode
guys this car was fully engulfed me when
I got it there the guys like I don't
know what to do
and I'm like oh my geez what do you want
what do we do and somebody came up here
take this and they gave him a giant bag
of flour and he sort of dumped again ah
why did you go in there and get flour
why this somebody's like I'll be right
back I know the solution and he comes
but I got flour this is a business
they've got a fire extinguisher Billy
hey the car is on fire in the parking
lot can I get some flour one of the
craziest things that I have ever seen it
was definitely scary you know it reminds
me Bridget of when I went to New York
City a couple years ago and the first
thing that I saw guys this is on vlog
the first thing that I saw was a bus
fully engulfed in flames and nobody
cares nobody cares no but I'm in over
and I'm like dude look and the guy looks
please like boom keep striving wait is
this like seeing snow I watched the news
that night they didn't even report it
they here we were portable spam yeah
crazy it's probably on the news here so
guys we're gonna be doing this outro
we're home
happy birthday Lauren hey Lauren well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching it was actually a
pretty good day
it's very pretty good day guys we went
to Grandpa's house number one we're
actually allowed inside so that's a
dramatic plus guys windy grandpa's house
celebrated Lauren's birthday had some
dinner I reviewed his dinner had a
pretty good time guys remember smack the
like button if he wants to go to Taco
Bell and Grandpa try their new like egg
I don't know what it is the naked shell
taco chicken whatever dude I mean it
might be good be angry just talking
about her
hey the thing yeah that thing mad thing
guys this would be the second time the
grandpa's tried to redeem an experience
for something he had before
the first time was the Macan Cheetos
hated it
will this be a Taco Bell breakfast
Redemption and my fee I mean is really
good am I really good guys getting out
of here thanks for watching thank you
guys from the bottom of our heart for
all the support it means everything to
us you guys are awesome
like subscribe favorite everything I
gotta be honest I kind of like this I
you like it first what what she think I
love it then I like it's gotta go would
they say they shaved it this way
I didn't choose okay like/subscribe he
said that looks like diapers and I'm
just like this looks like diapers and it
was this stupid response but he said
okay sure and this is totally our hey
guys check it out right here I can't see
bye sue it's off
bye how bad are we talking here dude
it's not that funny I just thought it
was really funny at the time and my
fragile emotions no obviously I don't
you you look great I promise you look
great well I thought she was gonna tweet
on Twitter it made me laugh and there's
rice in here I'm like I kind of like it
and then she's like
look at this stop
