he's right there
that's garbage
savelii you don't want garbage I promise
hi is just going nuts looking furniture
we're gonna be doing the intro in just a
second you guys first we're doing a
little bit of color oh Jesus can we
clean now no please did you yank my
computer down I'm gonna be angry okay
but oh my gosh how's your wire what no
hey hey Bella you're gonna get
electrocuted
oh my bill please stop and Clyde please
stop oh man okay
this is over what's going on you guys
get me out of camera here to us here
right there and today is were day of
what's today Monday Monday so Eve so so
okay before you had an excuse you were
like oh we're a day ahead so I don't
know what day it is anymore we're not a
day ahead so are we just accepting the
fact that you just don't know days of
the week anymore my days I mean my whole
life is just a blur at this point
here's what I'm doing when I wake up in
the morning I'm gonna write one an index
card the day of the week I'm gonna boom
put it on the door so when you wake up
oh right it's Tuesday so tomorrow you're
gonna know what the day you know you act
like you don't have that problem either
you do yeah I had to think about it so
what yeah we were like today yes like
look today is Monday and today we're
going over to Grandpa's house because
we're getting to the bottom of what he
and Doug are up to because they're gonna
prank us
and I want to find out what it is I
think I can get it out of dad you might
be able to I think if I just like give
that a little shake down but Doug told
us the whole plan yeah you know daddy is
really smart ya know I'm like dad
doesn't told us the plan that dad's
gonna be like okay let's get him so I
think we can get it I think so too
guys today we're going over to grandpa's
and today I'm gonna figure out what that
prank is yeah I got something really
exciting to show you guys so this
morning oh man man sounds embarrassing
guess I'm keeping that in the vlog me
one second
the other day we went to Party City
looking for a fedora and my knee still
hurts so we were looking for a fedora at
Party City so I can look like Heisenberg
because guys yeah I noticed
ball I got a goatee I look like - burger
right so I wanted to get a fedora so I
could cook do a cooking blog and I could
just be like less cook well I got good
news this morning
Bridgette went to Party City and she got
me a fedora
Bridgette thank you so much you did not
have to do this like I'm really excited
that you did finally I couldn't find the
glasses but I got these glasses so
anyway um watch as I trance-like
transport what's the work look watch as
I turn into Heisenberg say my name
you're Heisenberg er you're damn right
I'm really excited this is the only
reason I wanted the fedora so I could do
that so I can cook like that guys right
now we're going to grandpa's house I'm
gonna get in front of me I'm gonna find
out oh I don't think so
not a second time I'm gonna find out
what exactly the prank with Doug is
because if there's anybody that can get
the truth out of grandpa it's me we're
going over to Grandpa's dad pre warning
you
by the time you see this vlog you would
have already spilled your guts I already
know what you're doing I already figured
it out dad you're not gonna be able to
prank me with Doug because I already
know what it is and I'm gonna prank you
back so you know October's coming
I could prank you once I could prank you
six times I don't know October's prank
month is coming guys smack the light but
if you're excited for prank month
because we got some good ones planned
what's going on they're like not opening
the doors locked
Wyatt did you just hear that yes I don't
let a man dude hey I can hear you
talking in there
I just grandpa we know you're here
please open the door
you part of this boy he was grandpa we
know you're here what's going on
right I know he's here so I said that
cuz who is he trying to pull
Lauren eyes oh that's a good idea you're
banging - are you gonna bust the windows
out please stop don't you want to get in
I don't want to crawl through the window
the shards of glass where we Friday the
13th now oh wait Bush oh yes oh oh no oh
Michael just I'm stuck in the rosebush
and this is really necessary to like fix
your chip right here right now it just
takes a couple seconds of thing
ah oh my god I'm sorry it's not so my
why isn't he letting him he in I don't
know maybe he's just in one of those
moods also we're never invited so it you
know I'm not that surprised
this is a little surprised that the
doors locked
good well is this what is this
why is it outside
why is it here at all
I think of fake blood that's a good
point but why is it outside don't let us
forget it I'm taking it off he's right
there
what like a bust through the window bro
he's like jokingly hiding his face
what's going on you can do it babe
I just want to talk are you mad at me no
oh yeah that's very apparent so why
can't we come in are you trying to climb
in oh my gosh here let me help me
giggles let me help you let myself go
that's fine all you have to do is say
you don't want me here that's that's it
well let's say that blood home I am
taking that blood home yeah I don't
understand what's going on like he never
locks his out like those he's not
wrecking see him still look at him okay
let's go
well how does he go was he Joey just
spit in circles
okay grandpa's lost it he didn't just
block his out he's lost it okay going
home let's go
I don't know what to do should we go in
should we um well we kind of can't go in
he doesn't want us here I sort of think
we should leave what did I ok is he
still mad about like I only he's mad at
all I just think he doesn't want to see
us today
ok that's all well tomorrow's morons
birthday so we have to be here for that
yeah I've got it that break his porch
don't say that man never be welcome back
ok so we come here he doesn't want me in
he's probably on the phone with Doug
right now
don't come they sitting on the porch
right now you need to get out of here
fast
oh he's on the phone with the cops so
you want us to leave are you rushing us
out of here Michael he's already pushed
us out what is this I know what it is
why is it just chilling on his porch
I don't know that's a little hard what
would you add where were you at
he went in does Jimmy ask if he's done
huh did you hear - I didn't but I heard
done was that mean maybe is talking to
Johnny maybe he was doing something
listen this is ridiculous
let's go home well maybe we can see the
door's unlocked I don't care if it is
you don't want me here I'll leave
anybody notice how I'm like trying to
talk to my nephew hey where were you at
do you have fun and nothing yeah he just
says like hey Mike oh my god we ready
let's go going home no yeah you know if
he doesn't want to let me in the house
that's fine we were home right now you
guys I'm back home by the way dad I took
your blood it's here with me now I don't
know what you were planning with it but
I got it now guys mine's turning I don't
know what all this means he's a first of
all I don't know why he wasn't letting
me in the house that's why I'm out here
fitting right now why we connected eyes
we made eye contact with each other is
this psychological I feel like it's
psychological dad I got your blood maybe
I didn't figure out what you were
planning
maybe Bridget was in on it
Bridget where you hiding you think I'm
gonna ask because you didn't Bridget was
in on this like I realize that's not the
prank but like I'm piecing together the
ideas of one now let's do this outro
come on do that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching getting out
of here I want to apologize if it's a
short vlog today I just don't have any
money what are they up to and are you
part of it
I'm not pairing you're sure you're not
part of this why would I be a part of it
my god you're the one that found the bag
with the blood in it you're the one that
and what I'm trying to piece together
what this will be guys let me know all
the comments they don't trust me oh you
don't trust me I love how light still
was that what was that I was looking at
my cell phone to feel fine there no you
okay guys we're gonna get them there's a
big puzzle here and I'm not seeing what
it is guys I need you to help I need to
know what you think is going on let me
know in the comment section if you can
see a bigger puzzle coming together that
I'm not saying we have Bridget helping
them out we have dad helping him out we
have dad looking at me in a window and
just not letting me in the house for
some reason he would what was that I
don't know okay so they're ignoring me
Bridget's in on it there's blood and she
discovers guys it's nothing other than
that no she's in on it
maybe I'm just going paranoid you very
paranoid go to bed go to bed you're
paranoid was that part of the prank - I
go to bed yo my her tribe of a house
believe like I'm Apple subscribe
favorite hold on everything but to us
and I am going to prank you you know you
know I didn't I didn't piece it together
at grandpa's house but now that I
started editing the vlog I noticed the
fake blood on grandpa's porch was in a
party city bag Bridgette got me my
fedora this morning from Party City so I
wonder who left the blood there
gotcha
you
