did I lie is the dog pregnant or not
yeah she is
what is the problem cuz nobody really
knows scouts only I is I thought they
were like all cute puppies that's right
I was gonna hate you too
scout pretty ain't gonna have pups did
it be like that
that's true nobody would watch that
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here right there and today is
Sunday why do you have to think about it
we are no longer a day ahead this is
actually Sunday this is actually Sunday
guys something happened guys we didn't
film one day so now we're day of guys
today is Sunday and today we're going
over to grandpa's house we're actually
going to grandpa's house I'm sending
you're gonna see it it's very weird
usually we are a day ahead so I'm like
it's Saturday but it's Sunday but it
might be Tuesday today is actually
Sunday and we're filming on Sunday going
to Sunday dinner
how bizarre today is Sunday and if you
didn't see any of the vlogs we uploaded
recently and you're wondering why this
is go look at the haircut vlog oh you're
so cute I know like come on let's get
this Sunday started on actual Sunday yes
actual Sunday style are we talking about
Sunday's I'm good with that
me too oh my god what does that mean I
finally got there you know we'll go home
now well I know what do you mean
dinner's over
remember what you were here to get you
do yoga do what what do you mean what
everybody texted him what time is it
4:00 so because I got here for I can't
eat no good you good it's a great meal
what did you make by the pipe job BBQ
for jobs hmm whether the smothers in the
barbecue sauce porch oh yeah it's got
potatoes what's left no nothing we
didn't fit the dog okay is this your way
of letting me know you want me gone you
might look go home now
ah this is stupid how about um am I
really like it an hour now go over now
it's for I had to take a shower it took
a long time to scrub the crud yeah same
took about an hour to dark new I'll be
set free I'll be honest with you I made
up some picnic hubba
Oh each cobbler No oh nice tell me you
were never a meal come on dinner was at
3:00 where for here for dessert
what happens to my physical being if I
walk into the kitchen with it the entire
pan my mind you we got don't the kitchen
what a dog Doug's all would do this
don't feels like you poured the cool
table bed off they look really good
they're not come on dude coming up as it
was going down
oh yeah can I get a glass of water no
this is ridiculous this is stupid and
the wheel okay work guys can I sit down
to talk I'm gonna do that well you know
the way to peach cobbler no I want a
whole plate of peach cobbler I think
when they're having peach cobbler big
Hinton is peach cobbler I agree I'm card
lens are you going to go to get me some
peach cobbler
yeah let's do it so can you please go
get us some peach cobbler shit
okay who's gonna lay that down either
what what is this like you guys have
banded against us anyway bad to give
your baby baggage yourself because I
didn't show off for dinner
three o'clock and yeah the show
so everybody is freaking mad at me right
now we do dude I can't use have my back
once I say everybody's mad at me
peacefully what what happened Mike wait
you're gonna throw the wrong one it
wasn't that okay they don't get Babeu
another okay yesterday's vlog i titled
it gasps who's pregnant
who's ready be ready no who's Remy who
do you think I don't know I hear already
ready for dog me it's Lauren
you bring it Mellow what Maggie the
conception the dog scout is the name
yeah yeah saw someone scalloped you
deceived it's not what yeah that's a
good point actually
okay but I was against him Michael you
should just listen listen did I lie is
the dog pregnant or not yeah she is what
is the problem cuz nobody really knows
scouts only I is I thought they were
like all cute puppies that's right I was
gonna hate you too Scout plane ain't
gonna have buffs did it be like that's -
nobody would watch that
dude that's true you gonna do the title
okay then I stopped yeah what's worse is
why I was the reason stop everyone stop
dragging on to me about this what's
worse is you're you remember that
February stuff right
what's February stuff Oh first of all we
try on your time
I'm leaving no y-you did that because
she was broke YouTube's been broke for
three days you didn't obey Ana
you broke for three years three days
they weren't sending out notifications
people were asking me what are you gonna
upload the vlog what's going on
I needed a fuse so you don't
misrepresent being pregnant I gave I
think Bridget pregnant I did not miss oh
god what was in it
are you serious actions uh-oh
aah I drank the ashtray yeah that's good
thing should I have thought a different
title yeah absolutely you should just
want with mine
wait what was yours I think Burgess was
happy family cookout or some Oh bull
you know don't even lie so we're gonna
go to one family cookout if I call it
grandpa's cookout freakout no ads it has
manually review that so guess he's
pregnant
Oh God okay I'm taking this oops
Barry have they went up it went off on
me
okay I'm sorry
okay I'm sorry what was that
gutter ball what is going on over here
every time all right Joan Joe nameless I
gotta get an award for that one
realize how close your vehicle is to
where they're leaving grandpa's house in
just a minute you guys before we go
order to remind you that a lot of you
click like for the Twitter Q&A video you
still want to see it so that's going up
Friday so keep submitting your questions
the hashtag ask a GP and remember think
of something but I can click fake and
make them mad with yeah right okay
Loosli any kind of title that's gonna
make angry grandpa mad let's use it
hashtag ask a GP you ready for this yeah
we'll see
I got what does that mean we'll find out
yeah but saw you had a plan or something
oh my which is you never know you play
like a prank or something what I did
yeah you would and there's Doug just
sort of Piran like he's got something to
do with it what what are you all up to
you I'm covering his limbs but don't
plan nothing what just left grandpa's
house you guys
he didn't feed me he never fed me he
told me was it gonna feed me and he
didn't he told me I couldn't have any
dessert and I couldn't maybe that's his
way to get me back on my diet either way
it's time to eat and we have I guess
turkey hot dogs aren't sugar-free jelly
orange juice not eaten I felt a sense of
uneasiness while I was at grandpa's
house and I got the sense one that I'm
unwelcome and I'm never welcome that's
obvious to me number two that Doug and
Grandpa are planning something so I'm
about to get it out of them I want you
to watch how a master manipulator works
and by though I'm saying this right in
front of him I'm that good that I can
tell you my plan and still get it so
Doug within the next five minutes we're
gonna know what your prank is I like
that yeah we'll see about that
yeah here's the rub I need to know
what's going on
what are you planning I can't tell you
all that so so there so there is a plan
there's always a plan what do you what
kind of plan I can't tell you that
why can't you tell us I'm your daughter
it might be didn't you run me over last
night and Friday 13th well that's a
video game yeah this is real life
there's a life Doug okay I'll tell you
we're not running you over in a car oh
thank god they're not doing vehicular
they're not gonna kill us
yeah nothing like that at least we know
that their standards are a prank but not
quite the hateful demands lon we're not
gonna go that far okay that's good now
sharp utensils he won't let me use any
sharp you toes no won't let you so you
wanted to I always wanted to your dad is
a psychopath I've always me the new
psycho dad everybody they're real yeah
the real psycho dad done that I don't
like want to be left alone in a room
with what's the prank I can't tell you
you're gonna crack you're gonna crack I
give you $50 Oh
what's the magic number Doug you ain't
good dead Lidge seriously what if I said
we'll give you $1,000 are you serious
would you just put on a show who
probably fellas off camera guys hold on
that did absolutely nothing he's not
telling us at all what come on Doug what
is it Marnell so you're planning
something good sorry we always are
planning's and so are we and we always
do it better
duh oh yeah come on what do you see
that's just it y'all plan things out so
we always go away go crazy one day or
something what are you talking about
everything that we do just falls into
place so I promise you guys I'm not
gonna sit here and dwell on the
Hurricanes that may or may
becoming last time maybe I overdid it
but you can never be too prepared okay
maybe I kept talking about it too much
but I do want to mention it Doug is
talking about the hurricane right now
and he's saying we want to get a direct
hit what are you saying right now what
does that mean right now there's nothing
to turn it they're saying there's
nothing that's gonna turn it just gonna
make that curve and they don't know what
its gonna do after that so it'll be like
a category something ain't no telling
right now it's barely a hurricane okay
but you got a lot of warm water between
here and there I don't know what this
means you guys we just gotta stay on our
toes
last year Matthew hit us in October so
we're gonna be stuck in hurricane season
for a while now I just hope that Mother
Nature chill I shall wait December what
if we all got together and put ice cubes
in the ocean what were you being like
for real well if there's enough ice if
everybody puts ice cubes in the ocean
start killing sea life and Peter would
come after you shoot me series with is
your total just dumping ice in the water
and like hurricanes go away Yeah right
like warm water yeah that's the
equivalent of that Florida event they
set up like hey let's put our let's put
our fans on the water so we can blow
away Hurricane Irma that's the
equivalent of that so praise like
everybody do this if we all do it at the
same time the hurricanes gonna go away
it might she's lost it we're gonna be
doing the outro in just a second you
guys first I just wanted to show how
beautiful it was out here cuz it looks
great yeah girl in the barn
they had a gargoyle a gargoyle Doug your
obsession with gargoyles is back it's
that time of year the gargoyles our
fictitious characters it was there oh my
goodness is that their prank
you know like Oh gargoyles
list you seen it was like not a gargoyle
I mean it might have been a gargoyle
whoa what'd it look like
oh yeah bird it look like a giant
gargoyle yes
Brigitte and her dad have a gargoyle
obsession and I can't guys I can't cure
this I can't fix gargoyle obsession and
what they're not real thing we're doing
this outro no such thing as gargoyles
okay
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching
it's been a pretty good day good we went
to Grandpa's house I wasn't allowed to
eat okay guys I totally lied today has
been crap it's been the worst day I know
what she's even hitting at today was
horrible hate they're planning something
I don't know what it is what are they
planning I gotta figure out with them
okay guys look what's going on no matter
what we're gonna win of course we always
do better pranks
October's coming dad and I was gonna
give you a little bit of a break but now
I wasn't not anymore
guys getting out of here awful BAE
rotten day I'm hungry
it is what it is crap day like subscribe
favorite and guys remember hashtag ask
AGP smack the like button if you got
this far and let me know some prank
ideas in the comments below because
maybe I could use a little help maybe
get out of here what was that gasp about
I need a daiquiri I stopped the end of
the vlog so you could say that you want
to decorate me to decorate what happened
to daiquiri I don't know guys she hasn't
decorated yet something's wrong I feel
like maybe a prank I don't know let me
know the comments sections are pranks
when everybody
