dad they look great in drag No
just woke up you guys this weather is
freaking beautiful the sky is beautiful
one up camera crew kid behind a camera
here Brigitte West not here she's asleep
and today is Saturday and today is gonna
be a cooking vlog if you don't know last
month me and Bridget started a diet
together so we could start losing some
weight
guys it's just been getting crazy but
then her birthday happened and for our
birthday I got her pizza and freakin
lobster rolls and cookies and we went
crazy and then the hurricane came and we
got a bunch of snacks and we went crazy
and now it's time to stop now it's time
to stop eating all this crap and get
back on our diets so today is the last
day we're gonna eat something we're
gonna cook and then starting tomorrow
it's back on the diet again and I just
realized my haircut was yesterday and I
look like this guys if you didn't see
the vlog we uploaded yesterday and
you're wondering why I look like this go
check it out grandpa gave me a haircut
and then he yeah yeah he did that to me
I just remembered you know watch this
leaf look like it's floating bro yeah
that's a leaf
what the hell all right to make matters
worse everybody clicked like yesterday
for me to keep this thing so it looks
like I'm keeping it I want to go on
public with it it just hit me okay calm
down today we're cooking I was just
looking at my own reflection and I
realized but I look like cold stone
Steve Austin which of you don't know is
a cross between Cold Stone Creamery and
Stone Cold Steve Austin you know you sit
there and you thump your ice cream
scoopers and you talk about two four
three sixteen well Michael 3:16 says I
just whipped chuckling less like stone
cold and more like when Will Sasso was
pretending to be stone cold in a few
minutes
Cindy's coming over and because she had
such a problem with my hair last time
we're gonna show her what I look like
now then we're going to Party City what
are we doing I would just do the new
Michael Michael no this goatee instills
fear so when I point to it you stop
Cindy
we're going to do something about your
mom yeah anybody we are on our way to
Party City now I wanted to take a minute
to address what a lot of you guys are
sending me the new hurricane coming
towards us have you seen this yeah well
it's not named yet it's gonna be named
like Maria or Mary or something
hurricane Mary and apparently it's gonna
be taking the same path sound exciting
these birds are like choosing to get
louder right now they seem very loud
they're like we don't want you to vlog
it up party sit oh my god that was on
purpose Party City so we are at Party
City right now hopefully finding a
fedora that I can wear so I can look
like Heisenberg while I cook dinner
tonight do you see any fedoras Indy
obviously I don't know why even grabbed
it why would i look like an that hold on
he's so cute are you laughing at him
again I think no matter what I do no
matter what I put on she's gonna laugh I
can have on any form of hat this one bag
of one oh no that is so funny
nothing is funny alright
somebody was laughing at my beer
what would be laughing about then
laughing at something like not you it
hadn't been this yours how about the
fact do we always get hit by a car is
that paranoia that's just because
everyone decided to come out today
and I want to go home cuz of it I can't
see anything it's too bright while we
were in party city I noticed there were
pop rocks everywhere yeah like they had
a hundred different types of pop rock
which tells me pop rocks are back yeah I
haven't had a pop rock since I was a kid
so here we go please what's that mall at
one I don't know I hope it's all right
oh it's sizzling your lips away what the
bobbin off crazily man don't easily not
to put it in a drink we're doing it
that's how Mikey died from The Partridge
Family right no first of all it was
Mikey from like that cereal commercial
you know - Mikey Mikey likes it that's
right it's been about five minutes and
they're still popping around that normal
how did he die he didn't really was a
lie oh well we're not doing that it
never happened I told you guys that I
was gonna be cooking well I'm grilling
instead who's grilling I'm grilling I'll
be good for you even got here okay well
okay he's grilling I was gonna be
cooking in today's vlog you guys I told
you earlier I wanted to cook I was all
set to go and then unfortunately I
couldn't find the fedora or the glasses
which means I ain't cooking I'm grilling
or excuse me
grandpa's grower
I'm real dad won't let him what was that
hey gonna okay boo okay boo please get
in the house
good bow okay
the dog was just breast feeding off
grandpa
okay you're right hey dude that dog only
likes Lauren I know it
guys leave this she is pregnant again
oh you just had a puppy she let me go
okay let me hello jack Wow
I can't believe she is pregnant again
can you do me a favor if you never bite
us like that uh-huh
guys this dogs pregnant again how many
pictures having this time
oh man the other night a recorder on the
couch babies are a little bit everywhere
dad you should got a bunch
puppies Curtis Linda hey stop it I'm
gonna need sleep what I'll try to help
you give up I don't need your help
I just thought I would offer a little
assistance in cooking if I want it I'll
add but guess what hey do you it looking
good I'll give you that
of course I'll cook can I flip one
little burger good not that one ain't
ready yet he's freaking out because of
trying to force burger what up dog they
look great
there's garlic powder dad they look
great
you drag know what a maybe all right
hey are you cooking I got just I got you
back on this one
I'm pretty cool to talk about flat tip
if you have to know I think maybe Jenny
should apologize I think maybe she
should go to nail dotter neat now well
there's that it's a fictitious
television show Alice
okay does mommy watch something
apologize sorry horrible sorry
it better be dropped Lauren cover the
London
dude dad dented this pan up in the
spatula do it again
I think they look fantastic
filming for the outro
you know you have like a little clip at
the end there everywhere
who's there look at her she's so big
right yeah how old like how long has she
been pregnant it's time for a half updo
that seriously
oh don't bounce that around there buddy
scaring it right there whoa
it was moving dude what is all this the
puppies moving yeah oh they're not alive
in there
hey Jacob no my cheese does he know no
likey oh yeah I love cheese Hey
I don't want people my hamburger oh I
see what's going on
you've been shunned the usual done like
you're shunned you insulted his cooking
but the burgers in the salt
he's look good your burgers have cheese
i eating a burger again you know you're
talking about eating a hot dog with
cheese oozing out of it when do you not
like cheese I like cheese on a hamburger
as bizarre you know what you got
fingernails right I love you love you
dad love you like I would love to go
yard sale in one day
maybe have fun hey
covered his lens just got done eating
some dinner grandpa's house in a hotdog
he made burgers he made chili would you
think good you about ready to go to my
house to swim all right dad I appreciate
you having us come know what oh yeah for
us man that's really sauce recipe yeah
you got to share that one day boy one
day yeah it was great
in a second dad I'm gonna be filming you
for the end Club cutscene every time a
car turns it gets scared the record we
almost got hit the other day remember
guys yeah what'd ya leave in your mouth
you almost got into a wreck what does
that mean she swerved into my lane on
that curb back there and I hopped in the
horn at her she almost was the shoes man
I was yelling at her boys like that's
ridiculous
well we're on the way home what are you
doing clumping your mom's hair are you
making a voodoo doll am I the only one
weirded out by Oh what in the world
Johnny why do you let him clump a hair
okay this is okay why y'all boys what
covered it it puts the lotion in the
basket he does this whenever it's told
in the post now we've learned that
Johnny likes to collect his mom's hair
for a voodoo doll
so Ginny maybe now we know how you got
caught on fire we're gonna be getting
out of here in just a second you guys
doing this outro before we do I wanted
to make sure you guys still want the
Twitter Q&A video we didn't do it I told
you guys yesterday YouTube has been
totally broken it's still broken I don't
know this blogs gonna be seen so I
didn't know if you guys still wanted me
to do the Twitter Q&A so smack the like
button if you want Twitter Q&A we're
gonna do it if you do wanna and you
smack the like button make sure to send
your questions to hashtag ask a GP and
we will do this Twitter Q&A I'm not
trying to not do the Twitter Q&A video I
just at this point don't know if you
want it and number two didn't want to
upload it on a broken YouTube anyway
doing an outro I keep forgetting that I
look like this oh yeah good outro well
that's gonna be how die dad I don't see
it bro I look like my dad yeah guys I
look like my dad I just can't me when
dad had his beard shaped like this
anyway guys they hit me anyway I'm
getting out of here thanks for watching
had a pretty good day I had a great time
at grandpa's house then burgers
really good hopefully we can actually
cook tomorrow hopefully gonna find that
fedora yeah oh my gosh I really want
Stanny meatballs me too
guys getting out of here tomorrow is
gonna be a cooking vlog thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite
following everything to us guys do you
think that I look like grandpa I think
it was very Heisenberg well they both a
lot of people say Heisenberg look like
Garin grandpa so really yeah that pote
that painting the person did in my
office of Heisenberg everybody always
ask me is in a grandpa painting is I
don't see anyway guys this is what I
look like now
