was over their face
what
disgusting what no way they're good
disgusting
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here right there today it's
Thursday and today we're going over to
Grandpa's house to cook dinner for my
nephew because it's his birthday and
we're shaving Michaels head right
Michael no we're not
is it that bad Michael like really is
this that bad no but your scalp your
scalp is that bad okay guys up my hair
started to damage my scalp and yeah it
sounds so weird right but if Michael
would let me show you guys what I'm
talking sháá what are you talking
about what do you think go ahead show on
that's under all of his hair well you
can see it yeah you can see it
that's just dry scalp or something you
need some frickin scalp therapy okay
guys can't do that for you with hair
like my head is not used to having a
bunch of hair on it was rejecting it
okay now it's like a transplant it's
like no I don't want this end me it
doesn't one hair well guess what body
you got here now guys today is Thursday
Shane seriously yeah like as soon as you
save it I'm gonna make sure okay guys
smack the like button if you want
grandpa to shave my head okay there we
go you know you want to
mr. headache I'm scared but I don't want
dad to shame because he's gonna hurt me
you know daddy he really does like okay
Michael is gently shaving dad like
anyway today I'm cooking tacos from my
Matthew let's get this day started but
no more talking just left the store you
guys got all the stuff to make tacos for
Jimmy's birthday which is his favorite
food and I'm a little worried I got a
mint I'm nervous
why so I've only cooked for you that's
true right I only cook for me and you
the one other time that I have cooked
for other people I made tacos for
Bridget's cousin Oh guys and they were
not good were they good they were really
that stuff will get pissed off with you
about really yeah I don't care about the
seed I'm getting that cop up there
Michael why he's getting a you're
getting arrested for this one no no no
you're getting arrested yeah no hold on
I'm gonna I'm gonna flag this cop down
dude I'm going to miles over the speed
limit officer I need a lot of help he
bridges like stop it like I'm really
calling for the cops right now anyways
so I made tacos for her cousin one time
she had like one talk I don't know if
they were they were so good like what if
we're just accustomed to each other's
tastes hey what if you loved my food
because you've had it for a few years
right usually we try somebody else to
were like oh my god oh no no but we use
we know good food though like that's
true a lot to show for that we make a me
to know exactly we make sure things
taste really good okay getting out of
the scene officer why would you believe
that again at grandpa's house right now
you guys unfortunately grandpa's not
here when did he leave general don't
wanna be filmed eating that cupcake he
left it to when's he going back so he's
probably not gonna be here to eat all
these tacos yeah Oh what is this
you were you on the ground all right
okay okay all right all right what are
we teaching our children what kind of
toys are we selling them
oh you gotta know enough here I got a
couple of guns one for each waste he's
actually got a paintball gun too
right now I am cooking Jimmy's birthday
dinner which I believe is his favorite
Jimmy quick question for you what's your
favorite food though Tanakh oh I thought
you like tacos no you said tel Akko
you say I like that mm-hmm what's your
favorite food tacos
you love shellac those guys we do with
things a little bit more not more I
can't spoke I can't talk what is wrong
with me
we do things a little unorthodox here we
have already given Jimmy his birthday
present he got a bunch of wrestling
action figures he got some Star Wars up
yes that all right Jimmy whoa okay okay
right now I am sauteing up some onion
I'm gonna give it to him with her almost
caramelized then I'm at my hamburger
meat onions come first we're cooking
tacos for Jimmy's birthday
or as he calls it to life goes as he
just said the next step is our meat
we're gonna add it to this onion mixture
now here's one thing grandpa doesn't
have a meat mashup and I'm very reliant
on that meat mattress oh this is gonna
be a little hit or miss I don't know if
I'm gonna make the taco meat the same as
way I make mine oh it's it's gonna be
great it's gonna be great guys our
hamburger meat isn't there with the
onions and I just start mashing the next
step when you're making your top of me
it's fine somebody else to mash up the
taco meat because they don't have a
masher so Jimmy is doing that huh Tucker
says hard taco Smith
nobody we're gonna be eating all the
tacos on garbage bags
yes we brought taco shells it ain't till
acos without Teleco shells
well Jennifer's doing this Mia Britain
will be eating cheese do love she
stepped in yes what what okay step one
I'm seasoning this step do you're
turning into dad you're smoking a
cigarette while you cook you're yelling
at people relax get it honestly yeah
well who's this puppy me are you
me no me you just stir the meat ups
lying got to right now the hamburger
meat is cooking down and I wanted to
show you something that I got in the
mail now this came from a youngin in
China there was no return address
there's no name but I wanted to take a
minute to address it this is a Voldemort
wand that you send me bro thank you so
much I wish I knew who to thank whoever
you are I got it thank you so much as
ever that's what it says right no no I
don't know what that was you you were
trying to say Ava you're trying to say
Avada Kedavra
she tried to say Avada Kedavra and mix
it with abracadabra abracadabra is not
in Harry Potter could you imagine if
that was what they said in Harry Potter
I imagine falling apart Harry Potter the
Boy Who Lived to die abracadabra what I
feel like that would be so bizarre
anyway Taco Time the next step is our
seasoning now usually I do like paprika
and a little bit of sugar and salt and
pepper and chili powder but I don't want
to stray away from what they know
because they are traditional so I got
some seasoning packets to talk about
seasoning packets
it's very good so yeah they're very good
yeah and you need some sort of liquid in
there so I'm using tomato sauce this is
the next step we're gonna keep cooking
this down folks I'll be back carlins
Bridget I added a little bit of sugar
just a pinch everyone ever somebody show
you like what do you think good just
trust me all right Jenny don't try just
some what you would add which you would
take away
what's all that face what
disgusting what no way
they're good is it disgusting Bridget
will tell me what trash garbage bro stop
it are they good or not they're super
they're really good not really they're
horrible okay we're getting a thumbnail
right now do you see the smoke yeah
my face is too close to a burning pot we
got it I think so
you think now you can see the tacos I
don't want to show what it is it's a
mystery pot Oh like I see it
Oh Dover I'm cooking from a family in
the end the only opinion that matters is
this for you here it's here so blow on
this
thank you I hear behave it thing it's
good it's better than Mama's thanks
Timmy happy birthday hi Brady to me
thank you
happy birthday Jimmy burners ha ha ha
this thing a lot like it is hold on
Ginny are you cooking like four shells
at a time hey we have a big oven
pre-heated look we got this big pan out
for Oh
she's like I just get my three tacos and
Jimmy stream y'all good fine
I turn the oven off one you might as
well let those ones finish because
they're gonna cook before the others now
yeah if you're confident that word just
do it that way it'll burn hey hey hey
you don't look to me you're in charge of
the shells you got this yeah you can't
leave the shells right now I'm making
Jimmy his Tonka now you guys he does not
like soft tacos
so I'm gonna try to convert him I'm
doing a soft hard not in here hamburger
and here is queso and this is the shell
and in the shell is the sour cream and
the reason I put the sour cream in first
because this meat really liquefies that
sour cream really well
Oh guys I know now we got this those
cheese right over that the cheese will
start to melt Jennifer just Jimmy Lake
tomato
what about Wes just this Wow
and a little bit of taco sauce a little
mild ah
here it is folks Jimmy's birthday
taco okay I know you don't like soft
tacos
this is a soft heart taco it's got both
see what you think
good what you think is your favorite
talking you ever had be honest if you
like it tell me well Judy I that's the
second time she's done this take a big
ol bite Jimmy make sure you like it oh
my goodness
Oh No
the fugitive is it good no dogs can't
eat it as onions in it we're gonna clean
this up
okay bye again make a wish yeah make a
wish
what'd you wish for I'm I'm really
curious though I won't see you don't
grab me laughter it was fresh Neil it
what do you okay you probably can't got
wax on finger Oh cake time that cake
looks good
it really does like the blue it's pretty
yeah I love it so much I took like
several pictures of well he didn't want
to take it home let's be on I'll take
that
okay guys here is a new challenge what
color are her eyes I got you you two if
I got you Michael check this out what's
this out what color are her eyes you got
to hit play cuz the zooms in I can't see
the eyes I can't hit why they're like
damn you hey Mike this lady found this
in her garden yeah this doesn't look
staged it all what is this what do you
mean you're recording hey Michael yeah
cuz we vlog what sorry I guess I've lost
a pea make them a mate maybe people on
YouTube to figure out what it is - what
is it son somebody found this
in her garden and no one knows what it
is what is that
I'm not hitting play good play Michael
look at it oh gosh well show you what
are you guys can you ladies blurry I got
it I got it
what is this YouTube no it's Jimmy's
birthday do you want to leave mm-hmm
your mistake oh we're getting out of
here in just a minute you guys I was
hoping I was hoping I'm sorry when you
start we're getting out of here just a
minute you gotta stop this we're getting
out of here just a minute you guys I was
hoping that grandpa was gonna be here so
he could eat my tacos what are you doing
what is so funny
I can't tell which helmet it looks like
like a motorcycle humma or a bicycle
home a football helmet another fucking
baseball helmet I'm not stop talking I'm
redoing the whole scene what do you
wanna do I'll cut your hair I'm not
keeping none of us guys we're getting
out of the Grandpa's house just seeing
that Bridget decided to make a joke out
of me
what do you mean call me helmet head I
don't know which helmet it looks like
bicycle baseball
whatever I decided to do the one thing
that makes bridgett uncomfortable what
singing you love songs guys Bridget gets
out early disgusted with somebody sings
a love song to her she thinks it's the
furthest thing for being attractive that
there is well I can't explain whether
something about the way you look tonight
it's my breath away hey what are you
look tonight the way you look tonight oh
the way you look tonight how was that
I'm pretty grossed out on the roads on
classic can you feel he says something
here I'll be honest
