okay I pretty sure we're calling poison
control you're sick now you can't be
doing that damn thing off
why one two three
well this is the site of the hurricane
yesterday and how beautiful everything
is today guys yesterday this was just
absolutely insane the weather was going
crazy there was powerful winds there was
power for powerful I can't talk they
were powerful okay why can't I say they
were powerful there were powerful rains
powerful wind and now everything's calm
and beautiful and our freakin palm tree
looks like garbage
yesterday folks the hurricane looks like
it took out our palm tree again same one
the hurricane Matthew took out and it
started to lean and hit the roof so we
got to have this fixed now what's going
on you guys get behind a camera here
Bridgette West is asleep she is not here
I am starting off the vlog really early
in the morning it is about 8 o'clock in
the morning and usually I don't wake up
this early I'll be honest but today I am
I'm just looking around and looking at
all the beauty that's here even though
the hurricane is not we got Birds now
you guys okay after that hurricane yeah
I'm talking to birds like I'm sleeping
beauty or something but I think it was
snow white to talk to birds I just sat
down on my computer so I could start
editing and I gotta be honest for a
second you guys I thought that was so on
me I really thought that was still on me
at first and it's not it's a rock but I
thought in my infinite overweight wisdom
that that was salami and yeah that's
when you know you're fat when all you
think about is food would you think a
rock formation is lunch meat so I'm
sitting on Twitter right now and I
tweeted out yo Wendy's how many retweets
for chicken nuggets for
nevermind someone's already done that
did a little joke is the guy who asked
for chicken mangas and boy Jack's Pizza
responds and guys I don't know if you
know Jack's Pizza they are a frozen
pizza they are my favorite I have grown
up with them they respond
you should try us instead oh my god
Jack's people sit now where's my respond
to hold on beer back
so I said I would but I love your pizza
so much then after mom 3 I'd have my
legs amputated and they responded back
what if we just sent you a month worth
of pizza man Jack's pizzas like sliding
into my dreams right now punks okay I've
no look they did not pay me to say this
this is not hashtag ad I grew up eating
Jack's pizza they are cheap they're
freaking delicious it's my favorite
frozen pizza and now they slide it in my
deems getting me some fries don't do
this to me Jax don't don't do this to me
do it to my sister do it do it to Kim
Pratt patch hurt her Twitter's of the
link below dude to them I can't handle
for pizza right now I gotta lose weight
I can't handle free pizza oh they don't
slid into the DMS folks they said so
what about that month worth of pizzas
you down for that we got swag too they
made you know I'm down about to lose my
eyesight it's going down folks I think
we throwing a pizza party I think we
thought one of Jack's pizza party in a
won't be hashtag ad ain't paying me but
they are sending the pizza free pizza
party if Jack's pizza sends me a month
worth of pizza
I can't need it I am on a diet that's
for real I can't eat it I slipped a
little bit during the hurricane okay I
had snacks and fruit snacks
and sodas and pizza and burgers and I'm
just joking guys I slipped up a little
bit during that hurricane but if they
sent free pizza I'm gonna hook Rand Paul
my nephew's up because they love Jack's
like okay calm down Michael looks like
the paying yeah they're not I wish they
were they're not grandpa you might begin
some free pizza think over it right
where's that from when
oh my god there's a man that don't you
take don't do this
Boram take this hover over Jenny's face
it's guys if you haven't seen the main
Channel video yet grandpa got sick
eating beets from like a quarter century
ago then we're good I got sick JC you
guys you got to see this when you go
back
was it the beets dad see now the house
smells like beets and blue okay I pretty
sure we're calling poison control you're
sick now you cannot be doing it damn day
off why one two three
okay so that was like a brand-new
challenge that grandpa just invented the
ten-year-old beets challenge I'll do
what's right please guys don't nobody
try that home Doug are you interested in
taking the ten-year-old beat challenge
oh no one does it busy are you dizzy
yeah
are you have any down beat
Bridgette ain't got some calling I'm
gonna see when I no one else to say
relax hello 9-1-1 yeah probably get be
drunk yeah I need you get over here pick
up my daddy I need you guys over here
not donated Oh God don't waste your time
yeah usually he's a sweet man and now
whatever he's consumed has him screaming
all the addresses why you know
no one's gonna know where to go I'm
gonna do 9-1-1 thank you all right
they're on the way they'll be here in
the next two minutes
all right you go into the hospital
grandpa pump you summon you gonna do I
think you feel again up your thigh I've
gone what I come to you with my presence
I bring you something and you don't wait
it beats ya know much ten-year-old beads
I did dad those beats are older than
Jimmy so yeah I think the I think Jacob
and those beats are the same age so like
like a lot happier eyes it was sealed do
good I don't think I don't think you
remember how to uh I can then go away
would you make it was it's also a couple
years ago yeah every can everything went
bad but not these beats this carbon
didn't have a pressure cooker and I did
Oh what you did for the other for the
bees yeah how do you remember you
remember making those yep they're
talking to you I do remember you making
the beat you made for mom mom was really
into beats you made those for mom didn't
you yeah oh my god
then don't really look like beats to me
well they like where are they guys we're
getting out of here we came over to hang
out with Grandpa and he ate beets that
the first thing that's nothing new
yeah that's same old grandpa
what did stink were those beets yeah if
you haven't seen the main Channel video
stop this thing
check it out right now angry grandpa ate
a jar of beets that were over a decade
old okay a decade that's a long time to
eat something that's been jarred if you
guys don't understand what jarring is I
don't even know how it works you boiled
the jars and put the tops on I don't
know
do it and neither does a McGrath grandpa
doesn't know how to do it you guys he's
always trying his mom used to know how
his mom used to like jar like vegetables
and fruits and all kinds of stuff but he
did not pick up that trait that is not
something that he learned how to do so
every time that he tries the stuff
spoils
if you don't remember about two years
ago when he lived in Creekside he got
into a phase where he wanted to start
jarring salsa and he was the only sailor
to my youngest you gonna love it this is
myself this angel grandpa sofa guys tell
them what happened when we tried to open
a jar like three months later it wasn't
even three months later it was like
three weeks later and what happened it
was already starting to mold he already
messed it up he tried to give us a like
three week old jar of moldy salsa and I
was like dad you can't sell this it's
moldy
it's bad there's something wrong with it
or this is fine
so when dad moved guess what happened on
his jars of salsa they shifted in the
u-haul and they all broke yeah it was a
total accident
grandpa's it took you guys are welcome
guys doesn't know what he's doing and
this is another example I don't even
remember what he made these things but
he tried and there was something wrong
with them and he ate him today and I'm
pretty sure he's sick and dad wait he
didn't are those ones like what if
someone else did he did it even he says
he remembers doing it I don't know dad
they were bad okay I don't care they
were bad we're doing the outro in just a
few minutes we're gonna keep this vlog
going for another few minutes if you
haven't seen the video we need a
decade-old jar beats go check it out so
last night we got trolled playing Friday
the 13th and I sent a video to the guys
who make the game and was like hey look
at these guys they are working with
Jason and they didn't do nothing about
it they were like yeah don't be a troll
so you know what we're doing the same
thing right now so we're just having a
little bit of fun
bridges trying to install the battery
but she's having a hard time doing it
Brizzy you got one more notch to go why
can't you do it man
Oh Jason's killing everybody in the
process holy crap that's a total
accident we are in no way working with
Jason who was actually dug we're doing
our best I don't know what that signal
means but we're doing it to you hey team
killings gone
oh no you used to you could have used
that on Jason cuz he's dead nothing dies
I also have a fuse and I'm gonna dump it
in the kitchen and lock the door so guys
the bridge he just locked the door and
she is dumping the battery and the fuse
in here and the only way in is a Jason
but knocks down the door yeah you can't
climb through that window from the
outside yeah so yeah the fuse is gone in
the last game I had the keys to fuse the
gas a battery and I dumped it in the
river
guys I just went to the water and I
dropped it as close to I could where
people couldn't find it and it was gone
forever guys that's the kind of trolling
you do on Friday the 13th when the
creators don't care if you're being
jealous
so you troll back we're just sitting
here right now you guys and Bridgette
decided was it was gonna be one of those
I want to drink a little bit night and I
was it you know I'll drink one with I'm
feeling I wasn't feeling festive I just
said get something Bridgette Shannon was
feeling festive and she's already
started you guys this is pumpkin beer
now I do not condone underage drinking
if you're underage do not drink I'm an
adult I am 30 years old I can drink a
beer this is what voodoo special release
atomic why is it atomic
oh god it smells like pumpkin diarrhea
dude all right here we go
do what is it really it smell like urine
it's just a very strong beer like I
don't know it's like the strategy I've
ever seen what's the alcohol content 6.4
that's high 6.4 ver beer it is 6.5 wine
is like for this repulsive so it's like
someone like found pumpkin and left it
under the sink for a month yeah I'm
seeing stuff don't trash it get paid for
it
come on what do we do I should at least
get some new beer guys that's nasty you
saw pickleboy drink we're doing the
outro in a second we got a couple more
things at that that's don't get it out
of here Bella has been doing this
Bridget since I drank one sip of beer
yeah Billy you okay girl she's like she
was just like grabbing at me she
scratched me smoke lazy what in the
world Bella
oh now cries hear it I know my breath
smells it's pumpkin like pumpkin farts
whatever that was
before I bought me what are you doing oh
my did she just hear that boy he just
farted Oh worse than the beer no way
Barriss pretty rose Belle oh you've been
proud look at it came out of me no way
what you owe me I'll show you guys my
drink beer a smallest thanks Clark it's
over ultra well that's gonna be it for
the day you guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day guys dad a
ten-year-old beets hello I hope you're
not sick
he is probably really sick right now I'm
not sure that those beets didn't get him
sick he keeps saying he was sick all day
I don't know I feel like I should have
called poison control I know I think it
should call the cops okay I slipped up
when I said that okay nine on what my
mom's right guys I probably he kept
yelling I'm you saw you tried to punch
me in the video like dad you got it we
care about you
what angry beats I'm sorry
where's I just have one thing to say
bears beats Battlestar Gallactica fault
black bear we have a weird guys anyway
giving adding here thanks for watching
if you haven't seen the video with
Grandpa eight ten-year-old beets go
check it out it is on the main channel
the link is below
seriously he made those beets before me
and bridge you got together that's
disgusting
so they are angry B is probably riddled
with freaking bacteria then dad doesn't
know how to make little guys
canned vegetables he doesn't wrong every
time guys if you haven't seen it check
it out
it's disgusting like subscribe favorite
the salsa the salsa yeah guys he made
salsa we all got sick I don't talk about
it like subscribe favorite I love you
guys so much and that's it
