Michael you're crazy
excuse all the wind you guys this is
what we woke up to this is what
hurricane ARMA has brought to us yeah
keep talking she's like I love it and
then next thing you know what Riegel's
right there and like oh yeah I don't I
don't love it actually kind of sucks
I made sure didn't get what oh thanks
Brendan right before you walked out I
thought there might've been a tornado we
mean while the wind was like going crazy
this tree was like it looked like the
limbs are going in a big circle
oh my god tomorrow morning is just gonna
be a little bit of a breeze left over
that's a great way that open sirens and
I know
yo Somerville you good bro together Jake
Paul Oh what happened I don't know
just a second League oh really yeah
breathe and then I open up in their
sirens and wind and rain and oh I wasn't
gonna let the dogs out well you have to
gonna crap in the house yeah oh man
let's keep a close watch on that we are
letting the dogs out right now in the
rain you guys as a sign of solidarity
I'm going to walk out there with them
Bridget you can't I need you to all the
camera whoa oh uh uh someone guys I'm
sorry I'm not here with you oh yeah is
so Clyde and lazier done now is Bella's
turn I know she's like I hate her why
you're very kind
what's going on you guys can't be on a
tropical storm here but Joey's here also
we had chocolate storm I don't like
saying that what's going on you guys get
behind a hurricane here for to us here
still behind chocolate storm it's still
hurricane Irma well we have chopped up a
storm room
well I'm calling the vlog hurricane Irma
so clear this guy right here he's like
pretending he's in the brunt of the
storm right now meanwhile you got those
reporting over them flora they're like a
tree just straight and you know this guy
right here see it's a little white rain
fall let's mess with your satellite dish
that's about the brunt of it I think
this is about the worst that we're gonna
get from this storm which is really good
hopefully it wipes off the love bugs
that's all that I really want what I'm
rushing over you guys weather emergency
yeah this hurricane is really affecting
us this time
right there that you some of that I bet
that was already on the ground
originally there's a bird over there on
the power line I don't like that do me a
favor buddy could you get off fly away
oh how do they know where to land how
they like this is the safe part of the
wire how do they know please get off of
there burn any part of the wire was
saying okay there's a bunch of wind now
buddy go there we go by being that there
is a chance that we can lose power I
think it's time that we take a hurricane
shower
hey come on lines being that we're
losing power think it's time to take a
shower
guys and the chance that we have no
power we want to have showers yeah
that's we're doing we're taking
hurricane showers so we'll be right back
you guys with fresh clean clothes I wear
the same outfit actually want a chicken
salad sandwich Spurs but then a
hurricane shower
okay so chicken salad sandwiches maybe
watch a little television I know let's
take a shower and then I yeah exactly
the sandwich if I'd you can have this
okay that's rude
you guys have get out Britta decided
screw the shower and just need the
chicken salads but guys I'm I'm hungry I
know sandwich I don't think sorry I
can't take a shower and you stomach has
anybody ever said that before ever
I can't shower on an empty stomach
everybody can't that's the thing Clyde
can't have it here cars lens cover Nolan
no he's just going extra crazy
good car you guys is I will have this
sandwich it is time for us to take our
hurricane showers in case we lose power
here we go when you go it's time for
pickup or to get clean this is
technically my first shower like a month
oh hey girl no she wouldn't have it some
reason about well I don't think so
this thing is picking up in a hurry over
here folks we might be disempower we've
already got no internet the thing it
comes and goes and guff sand-like gulfs
is it gulfs you guys okay i don't know
what i was thing
it comes in goes engulfs you ain't there
I'm out here on the street I see the
green screen trying to shoulders yeah
nice try bill Wallace rival Wallace oh
my god it's flooded to the battle day I
don't know what zooming away call your
dad make sure he's like not at the
battery yeah I'm gonna it just it looks
like the shirt he was wearing before the
power goes out we want to hopefully make
a couple of storms snack so guys that's
what we're doing right now we are making
boom I should have had it ready I just
opened it
we're making pigs in a blanket with a
little cocktail Smokies right now I'm
using a pizza crust you guys and I'm
cutting it right down the middle and I'm
gonna cut it in half and you end up with
this a strip the put a little piece of
sausage on a little piece of cheese
let's break that down and we just roll
it what do you think Bridget I think
these look awesome grandpa just called
me everything's going good on his end
definitely these things are so tedious
oh yeah but they're really good yeah
I've also noticed that the older ones
really start to firm up huh we've got
Tim the 13 my god I feel like you've
never made this before with me
I don't know that I've ever made them
before in life are you serious yeah huh
ladies like awesome
here they are you guys these last ones
are really rushed because while I was
making them the power flickered yeah so
really oh I need miss max okay I need my
efforts back I already start on a snack
what's that YUM here we go folks
oh my god first time I ever made these
before they turned out good look at this
oh my gosh
here we go oh my gosh oh my good all
right
I'm glad oh we need to google its places
that do tongue transplants okay so I put
a hole right through mine oh yeah Wow
and the cheese turned into a crispy at
the bottom my gosh these are good you
freakin nailed it is the first time I've
ever made I mean they're great be the
cool Oh
just gonna cut early terrifying alert
you guys emergency alert
it says tornado warning in this area
till 3:15 takes shelter now sitting here
looking at the tornado tracker map and
as you can see if you have this cone
right over the area that we live as a
matter of fact this little circle right
here is about where we live so we are
under our tornado warning
they're telling me that I need to go to
a closet so we can hide I want to get a
better look walk out like anything go
look
I mean maybe just for like a second
I'm sorry on it at one you took a second
shower today
if anybody knows me I am highly against
two showers above Oh bridge over here oh
I need a raft
Michael this is it this time it does
camera super wet this is hurricane
weather
oh my goodness should I walk out in that
no I'm doing it
Michael you're crazy
Michael let's go in scary are you guys
been about 30 minutes I want to see if
it's calm down
Annie Oh Jude you guys this was not
expected
version what is going on okay we're
getting the outer bands of her this is
the outer bands this is the outer bands
so what is it like I don't want to know
hon I've now taken three showers today
eating a forest I need a fork
this is crazy you guys Lewis trees up
there
oh we might get out yeah well we're
under a warning so the warning if
there's a tornado coming why are we at
it I only follow you so high jump off a
bridge you go jump too I might think on
that
Oh
what is going on one where's the tornado
guys it is starting to get dark in the
backyard and the wind is starting to
stop yeah it looks like it likely this
see white here the sky feels like going
in are we getting a tornado
we might get a tornado there's a tornado
five minutes away
what yeah in Letson Oh No
are we giving a tornado right now no I'm
just good to on the half bath why are we
in the bathroom because your Lord said
to where's Clyde he's in the closet he
didn't want to come in we were sitting
in a bathroom right now hiding from the
tornado one of the really awful film it
no Billy shower water and fill the door
even she said she yes she's definitely
just unknown so it looks like it's
finally starting to slow down over here
you guys it's just raining and the wind
is significantly going down yeah Wow
like guys the camera wasn't picking up
just how powerful it was out here when
we came out here the trees were going
crazy the water was everywhere the
camera it looks sort of mild on camera
but it was wild out here folks like it
was like it was during Hurricane Matthew
only no trees uprooted and the fence is
still standing probably because we
bought a new one at least not here mom
actually said a couple trees fell down
really guys in downtown is super flooded
I took this lightly I didn't think we
were gonna get anything it's just out
this was just the outer bands yeah the
problem is we have to look look out for
Jose now they say that Jose is gonna
drift out in the sea but the chance is
that it starts going back in people like
okay well silly not it's gonna go out to
sea right but it's gonna circumvent back
to where it was and hit somebody so hope
fully it just drifts often to see it
dies it doesn't come back in like cuts
land that would be great
well the actions over the skies trying
to clear up and you can hear the frogs
trying to talk as the storm has passed
on guys this was ridiculous yeah we just
recently got a new palm tree that we
replaced after Hurricane Matthew took
the other one up we got it a month ago
and it almost took this one look at this
both this palm tree is leaning like crap
it's actually hitting though the roof
now Bridget so like we gotta fix that
now this thing almost took it the same
palm tree there's like no no didn't I
take the palm tree from you last time do
you not pay attention stop planting palm
trees that's what mother nature's trying
to tell me well guess what no I like
palm trees okay
makes me feel like I'm living an oasis
so no you can't have my palm tree they
tried though don't worry man don't worry
for the outer bands of a storm this was
a doozy I can't imagine what would have
happened guys glad that it's over now we
got to keep our eyes on Jose here oh man
try to write subscribe then I miss the
look I'll just do this I'll just take
out the scribe and I'll leave sub that's
what I want I want a sub those geese
right there like yeah you see this it's
crazy up in here that'll probably get
really mad that I'm doing this cuz he
doesn't like to get credit for things
and I'm the same way I don't like you
know people thanking me for things or
getting credit for stuff that I do that
you know if I donate to somebody I don't
tell anybody I don't talk about that
kind of stuff cuz that's not why I did
it
and that's not why dad did it but I
wanted to talk about it anyway you know
one of the youngest one of the camera
crew one of you guys
was trapped at the Charleston
International Airport and he had no way
out his flight was canceled he had
nothing to eat he had no money in his
pocket for food and he didn't know what
he was gonna do he was go he was hungry
and dad called me and he said find me
something that's open and I found him a
Chinese place and I called I don't know
what he was doing he sent this dude a
bunch of Chinese food and later on
Jennifer's boyfriend Jamie's gonna drive
up to the airport and give the guy some
money so we can have some like food when
he transfers to another airport dad boss
move man love you for it you know here
we are you know people losing power and
battle and hurricanes and dads still
trying to think of other people that's
why I love that that was awesome
so that's really really really awesome
seriously I just wonder if the Chinese
food was good because we don't really
have that much good Chinese food oh yeah
no Chinese food here isn't that good
guys Chinese food is starting to really
suck because but know what I'm counting
on you okay I will be reviewing pagoda
oh my god what if hurricane Jose takes
them out so I'm talking up we go to
leaving I almost took them out I'm
getting separation anxiety from losing
pagoda I don't want to lose them but
Jose might don't jump we're gonna be
getting out of here just a second you
guys well are you happy the storms gone
she's been afraid to go outside all day
because of the hurricane Lacey just
doesn't care either way yeah he's just
stretching like a boob that inch all day
we're about to do this out Troy you guys
first I want one more shot of the
outside even those gonna be too dark to
film it's calm it's gonna light going
it's finally calm down you guys why is
it looking a creepy face in the distance
with the two lights anyway
the horribleness is over at least for
today Jose stay away from us well that's
gonna be up for today you guys thanks
for watching man the hurricane cometh
and the hurricane goeth it's gone we're
really fortunate we live in Somerville
cuz downtown Charleston guys and Alan
tell Charleston is like waist deep and
water
I saw North Charleston people's houses
are flooded like this is really here's a
picture of downtown this is like worse
than I thought it was gonna be you guys
it is very dangerous if you're here in
Charleston please seek shelter if you
need to don't be afraid to ask for help
guys
very dangerous times North Charleston
flooded downtown Charleston flooded West
actually flooded
luckily Summerville didn't flood plate
and I feel like it totally could have
when they got really powerful guys gonna
get out of here real quick before we do
I want to gauge a response from you guys
what do you wear a kid behind a camera
t-shirt a camera crew t-shirt are you
thinking about this guys I've been
wanting a kid body camera shirt for like
two and a half year guys we don't have
any get me on a camera merchandise we
have any grandpa's stuff which by the
way boom we just popped up on the screen
if you haven't known we got shirts angry
grandpa
um would you wear a kid behind a camera
shirt I want a kid nanny camera shirt
smack the like button if you want to kid
behind a camera t-shirt you guys we're
gonna think about making them if you
guys actually want them I just needed
others interest for a shirt first guys
getting out of here thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite everything for
to us in Arma girl bye and Michael
without shave down heaven no and you
ruined a good ending I was like girl bye
and I covered in was fantastic Oh
Michael
and I'm girl why
you
