Oh oh my god no you almost got it I'm
trying
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here but to us he are right there
and today is actually Friday today is
actually Friday got We Need to Talk
who's embarrassing to talk about it's
pretty embarrassing guys look we've got
to admit that we have a problem and
we're gonna get to that in just a second
we got listen we did it film yesterday
usually we're a day ahead right
we filmed yesterday you see it tomorrow
but we didn't film anything yesterday we
didn't we spent the entire day being
sick
yeah sick Michael tell the truth or
playing fortnight for 14 hours okay
look yeah it happens guys we just
covered fortnight yesterday and we
couldn't stop playing it the question
becomes what level will Bridget place
when she plays for tonight for the first
time ever my first time I died in 98
because I suck because fortnight is hard
now we're gonna find out if Bridget be
to me which she already has at 94
did you kill somebody that's not the
kind of celebration you want to hear
that someone killed somebody
oh Jesus that was an execution right now
that you're trapped in the storm one
fortnight and they're just slowly dying
and saving each other's lives my darling
I'll save you I'm hunger for your touch
he'll keep saving each other's feet
reach level one our team has to make it
okay Oh number five not good enough we
did have a little bit of time to squeeze
out some vlog like Jimmy going to the
hospital maybe Jimmy's appendix so I had
to drop Josh off here with you so I
could take him to the doctors all right
well you hear what meated are you ready
to work yeah we're cleaning the house
today his self his appendix yeah I mean
he he was throwing the other car yeah oh
no oh my god you okay buddy you know he
looks rough Jenny hey you all right oh
my gosh hey you go to the hospital okay
don't worry if you're wondering it
wasn't his appendix he just had a severe
case of the flu oh my gosh
in fact he was so much better that this
morning they decided to wake me up Jimmy
wake up Michael okay you did it are you
feeling here's your pendants and me just
write off yeah he has a virus oh he has
a virus
yeah no yeah no it's a robot virus come
virus a very bad one it's very
contagious
what yeah anyway now you're all caught
up yesterday we played fortnight all day
with drank okay that was ninja that
wasn't nice we had nothing to do with
Drake I would love to play fortnight
with you know cuz like seriously but
that's skyrocketed that guy I want to
play for tonight with Drake today is
Friday and I'll be honest this might be
at the end of the vlog we might play a
fortnight for the rest of no Michael
we're vlogging he's gonna say something
I want to talk about something very
important right now you guys something
that I've been needing to address that I
just I never did a lot of people have
been asking me what is gonna happen with
the overreaction show channel and I'll
be honest with you guys until now I
didn't really have a planet what are you
doing
okay I'm busy carlins
back in October we made this channel and
the purpose of the channel was to have
these like awesome reactions to videos
kind of like an elevated reaction
channel and then dad got sick and he
went to the hospital and he died and
everything just fell apart you know the
purpose of the channel was for me
Bridgette and dad to have these reaction
videos and without dad I didn't really
feel like starting the channel and it
went to the backburner and I sort of
forgot about
and now it's back on my mind because I
kind of have an idea I'm like right off
the bat we are still going to do
reaction videos for that channel
whenever we actually step up and start
doing it but until then what do I do
with the channel Oh
the answer is gaming yes you guys have
been asking me for the past five years
to start a gaming channel and for five
years I kept saying maybe I don't know
not doing it I don't like to record
myself playing video games number one
because I scream number two because I
break things well in about time kids
guys I too have been asking me to do
this I want to do it too
we want to do a video gaming channel you
guys so that's what I'm talking you
about right now do you want us to
livestream us playing video game cuz if
you do smack the like button and we're
gonna do it or the overreaction show
channel do you want a video game video
game I'm looking David you asked to game
in fact you let us know the comments
section smack the like button you guys
and we will start a gaming channel
Malcolm admittedly I don't know the
things that I need to start a gaming
channel also computer with a lot of man
and a graphics card how's he know these
things okay what else do I need smart
guy okay what is exploit what does
xsplit how is that that true is that
what I need it seems like it maybe is
that what I need let me know in the
comment section cuz I just think I got
schooled by a nine-year-old Bridgette
just told me that tomorrow is st.
Patrick's Day which reminds me tomorrow
a brand new angry grandpa cooking video
the corned beef and cabbage st.
Patrick's Day video guys check this out
this is one of the many cooking videos
that grandpa made for you guys that he
wanted you to see and I'll be honest I
totally forgot that I was uploading this
thing until just now
Bridgette was like tomorrow st.
Patrick's Day I was like what oh yeah
guys tomorrow new anchor grandpa video
so right now Jimmy is upstairs playing
with the wrestlers and I want to show
you how I'm gonna get them down for
lunch because I'm lazy Jimmy James
come down for lunch come down for lunch
what is going on what how what I asked
if you want to come down for lunch
Bonnie what's going on dude
Jimmy I asked if you were hungry I got
some pizza over there what does happen
what just happened dude that was a total
unraveling he doesn't even care anymore
he says even pizza now he's lying right
now
Jennifer he's lying right now I did not
scare him why Jimmy just went home you
guys so now I'm starting to wonder where
this day is headed and right off the bat
I know the answer to the question okay I
know where this day is headed I'll get
to that in just a second first I got
some really good news and yesterday's
vlog I told you that yesterday was the
last day that you could get the angry
never dies t-shirt and I talked to BB TV
apparently the demand was so high that
they're bringing it back guys the shirt
is still here for the foreseeable future
I don't know when another week two weeks
whatever the case the shirt is back to
you guys thanks to you if you want to
get it check it out the link is below
you made your voices heard the shirt is
back now guys before we get out of here
I wanted to talk about what's about to
happen because this vlogs by the
transition tonight really fast and why
because we're gonna play fortnight for
the rest of it thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite that's it
the vlogs over no guys let's go play
fortnight until I go to sleep
stop telling me do work you got this
never mind just telling people oh my god
you got this yo hurry up the walls
closing in on us I'm in a storm
oh my god come on you can do this Bob
everybody talking to you - I'm trying
hold on we're still we still can't win
this you have to tell we're the third
place right now come on my team could
still win even if I'm out so replace
there's two of us left so we could win
right now they kill this guy oh my god
kill this guy referee in this would be
the first time we win Bridget right now
okay do it okay okay okay okay this is
really intense Michael this is intense
my heart it's not ready for this game my
heart wasn't repaired for fortnight it's
all go down with it boy it's all down to
this boy Michael chill come on faith
those pros
brother patroller you broke sorry
controller second place then good enough
it is destroyed
good I'm sorry you should have died -
stop you should have died Oh
we're deleting fortnight
