Michael what's wrong
we're hot ha what oh my god they're good
they're good yeah they're good oh yeah
they're great
great you know the plate I'm on it
what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here Brigitte West is asleep you
guys I just woke up it's almost seven
o'clock in the morning and the reason
I'm up this early is because I hear
music I'm trying to sleep and all of a
sudden I hear the sound of beautiful
music and it scared the crap out of me
guys we got to go find out what this is
because it's not normal
what the hell
is it a joke
this is utterly one of the most
terrifying moments of my life
it's coming from the heavens you guys
well use this the rapture I'm not making
a joke it's just it's just a rapture
I don't know if the cameras picking it
up I don't know if I'm getting all your
all guys I don't know what's going on
that's what I woke up to you this
morning the sound of sweet beautiful
music coming from the heavens so it's
either the rapture the aliens or
somebody getting the cops caught on them
this is too early do you listen to
whatever the hell it is you're listening
to so right now
irma is actually hitting Florida at a
category four so things are pretty bad
out there you guys awfully this is
looking bad we're actually feeling some
of the winds out there ourselves like
there was some pretty powerful winds all
night and I guess it's just the outer
bands so this if it's like that here
what is it like there this has been an
exceptionally bad year for hurricanes
you guys we had Harvey hit over there in
Texas now we have this hitting in
Florida they're talking about there's
another one behind it we got Jose this
is not like a good year for hurricane
this is this is bad it makes me really
sad to see cuz I know we got a lot of
fans a lot of the camera crews over
there in Florida some of the young and
so there guys if you can see this please
be safe but this is really bad this was
really hoping it wouldn't make landfall
at all so there it is we're on the way
to Grandpa's house right now you guys
had told me that he has a surprise I'd
love to know what a surprise by grandpa
standards are dad all the way to your
house right now to get the surprise
hopefully the music and the love bugs
are gone because I can't handle either
of them we're on our way to grandpa's
house and there's swarms of these things
they're not even showing up with camera
everywhere I need to get out of here
dude
Oh oh my god we're leaving guys what the
house isn't even for sale the keys are
on the counter it's yours
we're just leaping yeah it's a joke
don't you show up we're going to
Grandpa's house right now you guys I
want to see JC because if he didn't see
yesterday he's back home and I want to
see the boy before it goes back to
Columbia cuz he got evacuated for the
hurricane that ain't coming by the way
the wind that's blowing the camera
that's from the hurricane
what is this warning Jenni was that
warning on the TV so warning why like a
storm warning what the hurricane that's
what it is
since the okay
the National Weather Service has issued
a tropical storm warning only word it
says summer now because well otherwise
okay Dorchester Berkeley we're in
Dorchester so we're off for a storm but
it's not the hurricane it's what stuff
people died in that's a category 5 this
is a tropical storm as a tropical storm
the same thing as a category 5 hurricane
well the wind is that could be right no
well we're gonna get some wins but not
category 5 like not seniors that's not
going to be the big things if we get
anything is Monday don't worry about a
hurricane coming scare courtesans
we're in Grandpa's house you guys and he
made there stood yes right you put them
in a proper way huh oh my gosh the
beasts you know I said okay you've made
a policy diplomat he may be right fit
between two weeks are you gonna do that
that's for the hurricane party
you mean Rice Krispies is why are you
going to either base your slack
what did some lacquer what what's going
on anyway I want you to have your arrest
if you treat that what you want
I love them
thank you yeah these are great
oh wait yeah a little bit home and you
like too much yeah these are great
chatting those a big oak tree great oh
my goodness oh my god
good yeah that is good it hurts not me
daddy
oh don't say that yeah I got no time you
give me write it exactly nigga be equal
cause the minute I arrived video ever
you and me them yes done damn done so am
i understanding that we're not giving
Jenny any no makeup
Oh give her song oh oh my god that's
that's about that beauty laughs yeah
you're out don't worry don't write your
fingers work I don't wanna eat now
guys thank you this is really good
how maybe you don't matter dude maybe
something else will grab a bow we may be
something else yeah I know just keep
going Michael
oh this occasion yeah I love those no
let's get oh let's get over here and eat
them Haitian peanuts I love thee yeah
they're so good
okay are these occasions yes yes I
what nothing sir occasion right it's
gonna are the kitchen yes the occasion
buddy Friday
Michael what's wrong we're hot ah what
oh my god they're good they're good yeah
they're good oh yeah they're great great
you know the painting on my net no I'm
not oh well right well Michael you
probably shouldn't eat that many because
we have dinner later
these are hot guys I was trying to get
you out of it all right I know I know
alone how much look at the peppers oh my
gosh they're great they are delicious
what did you put in me I was gonna be
you and I'm eating on dude
Michael just eat them later
eat them later
have you tried it how many how many
spices done like it la boum I'm watering
right Michael does nice Peter oh you're
a diesel these ghost pepper no you buddy
no okay they're delicious
oh who eat him later
but Michael we have dinner and stuff
later
don't worry fingers I'm not licking my
friend Chris these are too hot oh I
believe the prank okay somebody cover
this one's up cuz I can't they were to
overdub because a piece of cake to wash
it away with I can't her lunch please
spell Danny got you some milk sour lens
please
Carolyn's oh we left grandpa's house you
guys as you can see it's now dark so we
sat there and talked for a little while
I guess he's not going to the movies
tonight
I don't know Bridget I saw know like
intentions that he was good I know it's
like he's avoiding it I
yeah yesterday is a girl you won't go to
movies and today nobody mentioned it at
all so I wasn't gonna be the one to
mention it I don't know if you can see
me you guys I'm sure he's gonna go
eventually I just I don't know when he
has to go eventually I know right
that's too many likes to like say that's
not enough yeah 50,000 dad anyway we're
on our way home you guys there's no cars
I think everybody evacuated anyway going
home my hair looks awful right thank you
guys we're gonna be doing the outro here
in just a second we're home we're
chilling I wanted to take me to explain
what just happened in Grandpa's house
because might have been a little strange
in some of you guys not knowing what
exactly is going on so first he gives me
the rice krispies treat and Jennifer
says Michael doesn't like these I'd like
some homemade now had I gone with what
Jennifer said which is true I prefer
homemade rice krispies treats but
however had I told Dad bad he would have
flipped out sort of smashing the rice
krispies treat apart or something and
I'm not trying to have him blow a gasket
right now I'm trying to keep dad
relatively in a better mood than he
usually is and him smashing rice
krispies treat apart is kind of
counterproductive to what I'm trying to
get it you know make him happy so guys I
could not let Jennifer just say oh
Michael doesn't like those store-bought
rice krispies treats I was like yeah I
love these things she's right I like
them homemade and then when he gives me
these boiled peanuts which guys I
thought like he just put lighter fluid
to a methanol in it it was so hot it's
like he boiled them in ghost chili
peppers or something I don't know what
he made him with but if I told him they
were too hot he would have put that
hammer or whatever whatever it was that
he had through a TV so I had no choice
but to just be like yeah these are
delicious because after what happened
with the rice krispies treat I couldn't
tell him that I didn't like the peanuts
guys there was a feel exciting I'm gonna
see if I can approach him without him
taking off hey Felix yeah oh there he
goes now I'm just filming an empty chair
felix is gone he hates me
well that's gonna be up for today you
guys thanks for watching
had a weird day at grandpa's I mean this
is a weird day yeah I mean you can't
tell grandpa the truth ever guys at one
point Jennifer's crying because she
thinks that the tropical storm is gonna
tear the house apart another part like
she said you can't tell grandpa the
truth is they always telling you a
second ago I'm not gonna tell miss
peanut so too high because then there's
a hammer through the teeth exactly so
it's worth lying about right sometimes
you got a lie to be lies white love easy
lies right why is that aren't gonna hurt
feelings yeah like what's that line from
the office no no like that you prefer
normal Rice Krispies like homemade well
those are better though I know they are
but you can't tell grandpa that listen
listen grandpa it's like this thing out
her before secret secrets are no fun
secret secrets hurt someone guys if you
are watching this in Florida go
seriously Irma is out of control right
now yes please
find safety it's not worth staying
around there for guys this is a category
for ya guys
please find safety find shelter we're
getting out of here like subscribe
favorite everything but you eyes and
that's it I love you guys so much and
Irma you are I like the one we did that
I kind of - let's try let's try it again
with me saying it and Irma you is one
crazy
I read you were super Irene is the name
of a strand of
