it was ready tomorrow night maybe enjoy
your salad
oh my gosh he just farted Maranzano
I did I didn't I didn't I did I did
are you ready for the hurricane boughs
ready so I'm gonna be I don't think it's
going which is good which is good but
yeah it kind of seems like it's not
going to come but I just really hope we
get like a really bad thunderstorm or
something no hurricane yeah maybe some
wind yeah and thunder and lightning rain
definitely need some rain and I just
don't want no tornados to come yeah I
don't want that and I also think that
you know I kind of like power a little
too much yeah yeah I don't think hard to
go out that's nice yeah I definitely got
enough it's not like I can hardly be
greeted by your mother
I think we need to brush it a little
wears nothing I just came in here for
some chocolate and this is hot you don't
know me very funny you know your
boyfriend is here like this dude
yeah dude he's among ever seen Jimmy
he's got strawberry shortcut hat hair
why miss Lilly laughs you got you
remember all those times you felt like
people are laughing at you in the store
oh god I can't take a nice shave your
your hair won't say this I'll tell you
that all right hold on your head and
let's just Alan just brush it and spout
unless you want to keep it what does
that mean styling it maybe cuz I don't
know give it a little spikes or
something do we have the tools to make
that happen
let's go buy some gel Cindy for some
reason thinks my hair is hair sterically
so 50 I'll give you the opportunity to
style it okay
she keeps talking about wanting to style
and get gel for guys smack the like
button and I will let Cindy style my
hair no cutting it I can't cut it
right um I think you should cut it like
after it's dialed guys right now we're
gonna we're gonna Cindy is gonna style
if we cut it dad's gotta cut it because
they already click like for that so
first sandy can styled they gotta click
like for it
I'm not doing it okay cuz that's
embarrassing my hair looks like junk
when it's styled I mean what do you I
don't think it's that bad
look you see your eyes we just kind of
try I mean new looking side to side
what do you mean them she went it's not
that bad it's not that bad house really
it's not that bad
I'm lying as Muslims nothing I'm not
lying
Sydney you're a good judge of her
character when she's lying is she lying
tell your mom it's not that bad it's not
that bad
she every time she lies she has a little
I think yeah right
Sarla wins you look great I love you
what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here but Joe is here right there
and today is Friday and today today's
Saturday
oh thank you oh your knees little weak
anymore today is Saturday guys today is
Saturday you just heard Cindy laughing
at this Oh what did I do to deserve that
ended nothing I don't know why she's
talking to hair someone sent me I want a
handwritten apology ha ha
no really you know she didn't do it to
be mean guys today is Saturday and today
there was some optimistic South Carolina
news for the hurricane
I be the washing machine okay Pennywise
is coming through the plumbing well you
start hearing talking the hurricane that
we had been worrying about for the
entire week and the reason we're about
to go to Grandpa's house because my
nephew JC had to be evacuated and it's
gonna miss us it's looking like it's
gonna miss us yeah I think it's gonna
miss us guys we got we spent all that
money on hurricane supplies and spend
all that time talking about it and
worrying and maybe I cried a little bit
I don't know it's good this painful but
you know it's one time guys it looks
like it's not gonna hit us so anyway I'm
done talking about it okay today is
Saturday and today I'm going to find all
the receipts and take everything back
well you can I think he's happy an
animal guard is bang these love bugs are
everywhere bro oh my god I don't know if
you can see them
they've all been flying into these webs
there Oh why are they like multiplying
so much leave us alone
we're going over to Grandpa's house
right now you guys like I said in the
intro JC had to come home early from
school because they evacuated Columbia
so dad drugs at Columbia this morning at
3:30 in the morning he told nobody he
didn't ask if I wanted to go with him he
just went and it took him six and a half
hours to get there he's back we're gonna
go see
we're gonna see jay-z oh it's pretty
good
nope salad well looks really good Wow
what up
Norwood CJC yeah where's he at the old
game it couldn't get any of them
oh man
so explain to me you drove the Columbia
3 o'clock this morning why because it is
nothing good I'm Carla Wow dumi port
have out that's doing it it's a driving
our dough now oh my goodness whatever
I'll let your 3:30 and I was at the
school
8kn a 15-2 men usually it takes us about
an hour to get there you guys that's
crazy
yeah that's really not us
it's a shame they might have a bank
waiting for no reason to do it with your
thumb what do you think we're gonna get
mugged guitar note what call the storm
winds or days with tornadoes now man
yeah
what is it ran when oh wow red was
something new Lily well I guess we'll go
to the store let your dad or mother duck
word for dinner out we're gonna cook or
something you're doing it last night I
did it was really good you did not get a
good morning you gonna take them I'm
more worried about storing that damn
movie the storm ain't gonna do this
worry about what never where they were
done pouring out really scared yeah you
said you weren't scared so you were yeah
was going in you don't get storm their
day so you get my nerves up again
why don't I do I just came over zjc well
you come see me yeah oh hey with me we
see you enough I am saying
you are in a class here Oh
JC's not here buddy evacuated you got
your newborn all right we'll be back CJ
see for tomorrow's vlog to you guys for
now let's go to the store we stopped in
we're headed out dad I needed one bigger
proved right new way uh-huh it was ready
tomorrow night maybe enjoy your salad
oh my god he just bought it for his oh
my gosh
I did I didn't I didn't I did I did I'm
sorry
I don't need your gas how many times
have you farted around us on our food
that's that point they're both up not
now you never did
Brooke window myself also bar right here
this big tree no pasta no hey we did it
anyways my idea is really yummy to leave
yeah now do you pass gas on my salad
cover the win
did you tell them what no you didn't
tell them what stop the movie I told you
the ending it was just a loogie besides
you probably need your first buddy don't
throw up a loogie though we're jogging
oh we didn't do nothing today I did not
he's gonna spit that everywhere stop
you'll meet your new ball no I will not
help dude you only leave for real
you got a live stream Sims okay what'd
you do I'm sorry little be food no I
don't need more I'm sorry he's gone my
treat folks
we're back from Grandpa's house you guys
first things first
no I did not actually fart on his food I
did one all the day but it was not on
his salad guys before we get out of here
I wanted to take a minute to talk about
this hurricane because it is not gonna
hit us we dodged a bullet
it is not hitting us but it is running
up the coast of Florida on the other
side that it was expecting to go and it
looks like it's gonna be a for most of
that time so guys if you were in there
get out of there it is not safe to be
involved in a for Here I am
we were staying getting supplies
seriously get out of there okay a four
is nothing to joke around with you don't
want to stick around at a four people
died in those things so guys if you live
along the coast of Florida find
somewhere safe to go cuz it is not here
this is not safe yeah I'll be honest
what's up in the bridge you know the
main reason I wanted this hurricane what
to wipe off the love bugs really yeah
dude there's too many of them we have
too many love bugs your degree I agree
guys these love books have taken over I
don't see them around here I see a
couple right here but there are about
our backyard is like yeah this is our
house now these love bugs well yeah this
belongs to us Charlie here Michael and
I'm like okay I'll leave you alone this
is your territory now but so you know we
have problems guys the love bugs have
taken over I was hoping for enough wind
that just blowed them I hate them
there's too many I'm afraid to walk up
on backdoor yeah they're pretty matthew
is thick to you now now all over your
back oh oh that's funny is it cover
learn I didn't read in it too much but
did Lauren say she's taking grandpa to
the movies tonight I think so to see it
yeah that's awesome
guys if I don't go smack the like button
if you want Lauren to go and film I got
an extra camera Lauren I'm gonna give it
to you I want you to film this yeah we
can't crash their day and that's what I
feel like I feel like it's like a day I
feel like dad was like you won't go like
I felt like we were like he did he
invited us oh but I feel like we're
crashing their date but let me know if
you want me to give Lauren one of these
cameras and she can vlog it for tomorrow
smack the like button and Grandpa we're
gonna document your date going to the
movies grandpa's date geez Lauren you
really can't let me down you gotta film
this with a click like seriously I'm
like offended almost
dad goes the day after we go did he just
not want to go with us he was crapping
his pants all day oh that's alright yeah
that's right oh my god Bridget this
weather
this weather you guys wanna see my own
face that was that guys yeah guys that
was definitely it that really is it guys
this is my weather this is my weather
let me know in the comments section with
your favorite time of year it is what is
your favorite weather - this dude like
what is the temperature right now the
temperature right now is 70 70 I like it
70 late 60s that's my weather dry
weather is fifties and forties
I can't wait for fall and winter 50s and
40s oh my goodness yeah no one asked you
so cold in the house guys sometimes I'll
wake up and it's so cold that when I
take a shower of my feet burn yeah jeez
this is not morning is usually about 30
degrees this is too much guys it snows
at some points right anyway guys let me
know in the comments section your
favorite time of year I want to know
we're doing this outro I love this last
night what it was like 63 out oh yeah
there's a chill well I actually had it
show oh man I get chills every time I
look at bridges I've got an installed
desam saying could I change it up
earlier I get a chill every time I look
at bridging they used to face so it
could be an insult or a compliment it's
both wait then I was trying to be
romantic when I said that that didn't
work I guess so sorry hey why do I only
get the chills when I will you maybe
it's because you just smell like puke
bridges stinks right now I'm just
kidding I love you I'm sorry
I always get the chills cuz I love you
oh that's how you win hey guys is your
awkward Michael wise we go off when he
said that was iock word really you're
awkward that's how it wasn't our first
date Mike Wow good
altro well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching had a
pretty good day it's been pretty good
day dad I didn't fart on your salad okay
all right daddy no I didn't I didn't I
finally did far but I ain't it in a way
where what I did give him some Chinese
food so he did he guys getting out of
here dad if you're on the air by the tub
no this is going up the next day anyway
he's on the radio show right now anyway
guys get out of here thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite and seriously
Irma just send us a little bit of wind
so we can get rid of those love bugs
because they are disgusting some rain a
little bit of writing them and some
thunder just bring it over here
Thunder them away get rid of all the
bugs anyway like subscribe favorite
that's it I love it so much let the
camera crew let me camera crew character
more
you
