yeah I forgot you don't you talk to me
okay
dads getting okay y'all okay
what up camera crew can't be on a camera
here Brigitte West not here and the
reason I was just trying to do an intro
can't be on a camera here and - okay
he's getting anger what what hello
Jennifer what's going all you dad
so we are on our way to get our final
list of supplies you guys we're going to
the bread store we are going Walmart
Walmart in the heart we got a whole lot
of places to explore yeah yeah I told
that we had to get some more water and
some of the propane he's grabbed it oh
good look oh there's not a drop in
victim at all well I went for 25 gallons
of water to propane tanks within 20
minutes $1 down if you love prove it
don't wrong prove them wrong
mister walking encyclopedia Doug knows
all just not this guy's we're on our way
to get some more supplies this guy loves
proving Doug wrong let's go get some
stuff yeah what are you doing ah you
chew tobacco and smoke at the same time
now don't be jerking why let's be perky
oh okay
I can't even see it oh it is beef jerky
why you so mean go go rain hey is it a
true thing that people say their knees
start to hurt when it rains yeah that's
true your knees hurt doing all my joints
hurt we were on our way into Walmart
right now you don't say nothing with dad
and I'm like 90% sure he's been from
this Walmart like by the way we're here
that you were sitting this
that's it dad's probably mad all the
motorized cards for fun
Hey look what
Oh frog we're going through Walmart and
dad seems to think we need a vacuum
cleaner but his buddy
all right which one you want to get that
I visited me plenty of sucking going on
during the hurricane but if you the last
time I came to Walmart with dad was
Valentine's Day and we got thrown out of
here so what are we looking for your
sister Korres looking at me now guys let
me go to use of them they said whatever
you heard of that's now probably not
what he meant
you can run around in you talk to pee
okay
dads getting okay y'all okay
if you keep laughing you will you know
seriously get that hip shift no i'm
Coronis ah yeah what are you doing what
what's book getting gas hands stuck or
you'd play with your toys
they have mankind that we find toys I'm
buying toys you're not okay I'm done you
your toys you're too angry guys there's
so much stuff I haven't gotten on film
between dad and Jennifer they are a
dynamic duo yeah she's looking for the
gas cans we've actually been searching
for Jennifer for about 20 minutes and I
don't know where she is do you run what
she was wearing would you get in and
she's totally gone yeah thanks for your
time just sent Jennifer a tweet because
we don't know where she is
20 minutes we would look Jennifer I
don't know where she
$143 clothes shoulda gotten those rest
suckers yeah
the cozy Minsky jet huh
the coolers not Minsk and yet hey hey
security cards see shipping fight now
because I hated the money you do that I
wonder how far your heads are from
shaking did you explain to me that much
check it see to make sure
what the hell is that that's why what
gets inside kind of wire I guess with a
whole lot look you have the wrong wire
for too much money
yeah it's good no work over if the tap
hates this right now all right we just
got the latest projection y'all ready
yeah it's going to skirt the coast of
Florida as on four and then hit us at a
three let's go see the man and then do
it it's gonna hit the water again we go
get screwed no oh I got Marnell we gotta
get more stuff we got plenty of stuff he
got enough stuff we need games you are a
game any games for the kids we got
Yahtzee we got monopoly we got a whole
bunch of games well nice gang to be
there you know what Dad fine whatever
man I've been reasonable yeah but this
one's huge
shut up
no he needs to hear he's getting scared
I'm not scared
you're terrified I'm not okay I'm done
I'm going to wreck if you keep yelling
no you gonna hardware store beer
Jennifer just dry pay him no attention
I'm covering the lens now
there we are folks at the Home Depot
grandpa's looking for a replacement
nozzle for his gas can so hopefully we
can find what we looking for him if they
got it we were in and out of there you
guys they didn't have what we were
looking for now we're actually gonna go
to lunch me grandpa
and Jennifer lunchtime Oh with a little
side of wreck we are officially done
shopping you guys besides some drinks we
got everything that we need to get we're
done it's a gap except - you gets to go
- gasps yeah that's it well now we're
gonna get gas in a different way by
going to lunch here we go you guys time
to get some Chinese food that you know
plumbing where then we can welcome
uneaten
you too so right now yep all right
here's one of our coolers dad I
appreciate you buying us the cooler and
the wrestle horse my hand boom all right
pop I appreciate it I get back over
later on who's that good way
all right Jenny banks love man love you
too mmm have fun let you know yeah keep
me updated on the path oh yeah yeah see
you guys there they go you guys our day
of preparing for this hurricane has come
to an end now I can enjoy life see you
pop let's go in and play my wrestlers
I'm home you guys now I wanted to film
the sky but the cameras not really
showing it looks like cotton candy right
now and I figured I'd get a shot of the
sky before all the chaos starts because
folks it's pretty much confirmed this
hurricane is coming worried
when this hurricanes hitting us how bad
right now looking like a three-hour
maybe before it's okay don't be scared
that don't joke around like that
don't this hurricane is coming you guys
I'm gonna be showing you guys some
reports in just a second but it ain't
looking good like it looks like it's
gonna touch landfall in Savannah Georgia
and I had people telling me like oh wow
Savannah no big deal that's right beside
us guys we're right beside them we're
good guys we're really close to the van
guys here Savannah and here Summerville
it's pretty much me Savannah Georgia and
your summer go distance right cuz we can
walk to Savannah you're lame stop
filming
look the hurricane is the size of
Florida it's over for hunt like I it's
gigantic it's a huge spider what what is
this oh my goodness folks
I don't feel safe with this thing here
look at him
okay nice seeing you is sharp what not
weird
no what are all these now there's no
there are bugs everywhere what they're
everywhere and they're poisonous we
gotta go to my car
what are you doing they're not poisonous
right you obviously Bridget my god just
don't touch them you would not go to the
car if they were poisonous I know you
yes what are the bugs don't touch them
what are they
I'm not going down near these things if
they're poisonous what are they oh I
heard about them billy multiply like
crazy where's that big spider
where is it I'm really really terrified
right now
is that you up there he's up there I'm
leaving those bugs flying everywhere you
guys are love bugs and apparently our
part of town gets infested with them at
this time of year because they are
breeding non-stop that's what wait how
many cars are cigarette is that four
four cards of cigarettes ain't done
either that for tonight did you smoke
all those tonight yeah prove it to me
show me that's four to four dude how
many cars are you smoking tonight I I
usually got two carton today guys guys
these are hurricane cigarettes what's
even on my pickle oh Yanis like I got so
many cuz you never know when someone can
use a cigarette
can I cover this lens now I felt like
that was in guys she's got a lot of seen
sorry so here we go you guys right now
it is a category five and it is going to
loop up this way and because it's
touching so much land it is actually
gonna weaken and it's gonna hit the base
of Florida and then start to weaken into
a category three where it's going to
make official landfall in Savannah
Georgia now here is Savannah as I told
you guys and this is us with as big as
this hurricane is guys we are getting
the full force of a category three
hurricane assuming it doesn't get
stronger maybe it'll get weaker I don't
know but guys we're probably getting a
category three hurricane which means
we're definitely losing power which
means they're definitely may not be any
vlogs for a couple of days which is
devastating to me but I will be vlogging
everything last year during hurricane
Matthew I was using the one star
internet Wi-Fi top-load the vlog so I
was taking my computer into the car and
I
uploading the vlog so if that's what I
got to do again that's what I'm gonna do
again you guys it all depends on if
there's Wi-Fi there's definitely not
going to be power we lose power on a
light rainfall here so we're losing
power just depends on for how long so
hopefully I can still upload the vlogs
from the car if not I'll Drive up to
Georgia or North Carolina or wherever I
gotta go to find Wi-Fi Columbia
Greenville wherever I gotta go so I can
make sure you guys are getting the vlog
so I can upload for one for my channels
sake because if you go oh a cup because
if you go a couple of days while
uploading on YouTube like the algorithm
just wipes you out so guys I have to
make sure I constantly upload I haven't
missed a daily upload and a long time
and I don't want to start now so guys
that's the goal that's what I'm gonna do
smack the like button if you're excited
for hurricane vlogs not excited of the
Hurricanes hitting us but excited that
we're gonna be vlogging every second of
it for you guys this is all for you guys
there's nothing we can do about it the
hurricane is coming so yeah let's go
tell this pagoda story we're getting out
of here pretty soon but before we do I
wanted to take the time to tell you a
throwback story that you click like for
yesterday the embarrassing pagoda story
guys to wrap you up not to wrap it up to
speed this thing up pagoda was a
delicious Chinese restaurant that me and
Bridgette love to go to and yesterday we
discovered yeah they're back very closed
they're back I'm happy it's been a
couple of years I can gain more wait no
wait no I can't do that but guys pagoda
is back we can't have another large day
yes after the hurricane pagoda is my
spot and guys I wanted to tell the
embarrassing story about what happened
when they closed so one night me and
Bridgette decided we were going to get
pagoda we're like yeah blood get
boneless chicken and egg rolls
good mood and I called them and it when
I you know the number you have called
has been disconnected or is no longer in
service
and I was like glue that's odd you mean
paying their phone bill maybe they
changed the number I don't know
so we get there and we see a sign and
when I see the sign I just go I knew
what it said it was in red letters I was
scared and it said we're closing we are
closing and apparently at admit it had
been posted like two weeks before so
they were closed up pagoda was gone and
that's the end of the story I did
nothing embarrassing following that we
excited we good we came home guys and
Michael went straight to bed curled up
like a little baby and he actually
started crying guys he started crying
you she was crying and then I started to
cry that we were both kind of sad
usually I would argue so that didn't
happen this happened I was in the fetal
position with tears rolling down my face
because they were gone yeah now my next
step was to start stalking the family on
Facebook I was like okay maybe I can
hire them to make the chicken wings for
us I swear I was hopefully trying to
find the family and I started writing
the messages and I don't know if that
was BAM we got a vicious fight Gaius
because I was trying to tell him it's
not gonna work guys
I just wanted the chicken wings more
than anything I sent out messages
I cried we got into huge fights my broke
stuff one day we went got Chinese from
somewhere else it sucked and I threw it
against the wall guys nobody touches
pagoda they are the best Chinese food
that I've ever had and when they closed
I had a total and utter meltdown you
wanna hear something crazy what they're
supposed to open September 15 yeah when
the Hurricanes here they're probably
gonna reclose Michael they'll probably
be like a sign for them we don't joke
about the closing timeö they never
again I hope not I don't want anyway
that's the pagoda story okay
your letter that never happened yes Noah
did guys that's the end of the Pagani
sir no so Michael needed to grieve
please don't tell them this old wrote a
letter to pagoda fans dear pagoda and
then he buried it in the yard this is
true you guys we were in Southport Drive
I wrote a letter I was like we were at
the house before that it was oh man so
ok I don't think the house mattered you
totally stopped the story for the wrong
house I don't want to clue that anyway
can you imagine somebody digging up that
letter and I did oh yes I wrote a
heartfelt letter to pagoda I put in a
bottle and I buried it in the backyard I
was like yeah it was something like dear
pagoda I'm really sorry that you're gone
my life will be the same without it
they're probably gonna vent so much to
him guys I'm getting out of here we're
doing the outro bike ride I was
devastated we got in fights and I wrote
it a goodbye letter ok
that's the embarrassing pagoda so are
you happy yeah Garland's well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching had a pretty good day it's
been a pretty good day I mean guys it's
not good that the Hurricanes come you
know it's not good that it's hitting
Savannah it's not good that it's 500
miles wide
the biggest storm ever recorded the
equipment's break-in trying to measure
it okay it's terrifying it's not good
that grandma's gonna stay at home either
we got to work on that we're gonna work
on that uh I'm gonna work on that you
guys we're gonna try to get that
situated told you the pagoda story that
was embarrassing
I freaking cried about it was guys I
missed them okay they're chicken wings
when we've what is it you know what is
this is this my hair get it I'm like I
got one string of hair and dangling guys
getting out of here thanks for watching
had a pretty good day went shopping got
scared by a bunch of love bugs
I hate
bugs and I hate spiders and I hate you
I'm sorry
Oh guys getting out of here like
subscribe favorite fun everything but to
us hey everybody in the path of this
storm
stay safe I love you guys that'll be
camera crew
