oh geez oh man that's not for you Shh I
don't know if I want to see it what a
camera crew what Bridget fortune
look it's dry out here why would it be
flooded I just want to go see you why
are you so sure that it flooded it
probably flooded bridget is freaking out
you guys she thinks that it flooded it
didn't look at this
does this pine-sol look wet nothing is
wet now Oh anybody else
experiencing this can we do the intro
after we get back how about this do the
intro then we'll go fine we're gonna see
if it's flooded it's not all so if you
can't tell we're using a new camera for
this vlog so the quality this the
quality guys the quick from her the
quality might be different for this
vlogging the other ones I want your guys
caught I'm ignoring her I want your guys
comments let me know the comments
section how the quality is because I
don't know how it oh what's going on you
guys can't be on a camera here for to us
here right there and today is Wednesday
and today for some odd reason Bridget
thinks Somerville has been flooded servo
is flooded where do you get an idea like
that
I just think it is I want to go see you
guys so we can put it into perspective
you know why she thinks that we flooded
because it rained for five minutes
yeah really what you're trying to do is
get me to evacuate we see you back away
we don't know where the path of the
storm is going right now it might miss
us completely I don't want to freak out
until we know until Charleston releases
a state of emergency wait well guess
what what they have they have not
they didn't guys ain't got time for your
smarmy little comments okay I'm just
trying to okay guys today is Wednesday
today we're going to hunt for a flood oh
it exists and Michael whenever it's
there I don't want to hear it
Bridgette is really concerned about the
rain just now she wants to go driving
around to make cool oh my god
Bridgette is filled with water you
started dust down this track this road
I'm just taking us there it's a lot
higher Michael guys there's water in
there what do we do we're screwed
guys we're gonna go driving around
because it was just storming here really
bad and Bridgette worried about
hurricane Irma is trying to decide if we
evacuate or not which means she wants to
make sure it's not flooded in
Summerville so what if I'm right and
it's not flooded anywhere in Summerville
I choose dinner okay and if you're right
we evacuate that's not a fair trade why
not you're so confident on deal
so far I'm not seeing a single puddle my
friend my girlfriend
we are not flooded little flood right
there
manse a ditch filled with water look at
that slide it's not flood it's a ditch
my god if there's people like waist-deep
that's a flood I'll even give you
freaking ankle deep but not on me
walking in a ditch either it's gonna be
ankle deep in like a parking lot or
something okay and if that happens I
will pack the bags for us and evacuate
okay but we're evacuating if we find a
flood which looks unlikely so what do
you want for dinner
oh that's right it's my choice oh I know
oh look at that slide Oh guys drainage
ditches are what's this what's this guy
up to looks like a dude dealing with the
flood do you really think this guy's not
just some that ain't no ditch either
honey that's an unusually large ditch
look at that flies you need a chill
those aren't floods stop it oh they're
not now they're not floods why is it
blocked off
look at that flood you tell me look
there's police tape
what happened here nothing going down
the rain they say it's just the rain
that than that it flooded the whole
storm flooded my daughter was stuck
inside she was in a shopping cart are
you serious
oh my god oh my god and it was only
raining for like ten minutes exactly she
was like love when I went in the store
wasn't even raining I was in there like
ten minutes waiting for my medicine and
they came and said hey Oh
literally in oh right now oh my god Wow
well good luck thank you Jesus
I hate to admit that she was right about
anything especially this so try to get a
look over the fence see if I could see
any flooding somebody was trapped in a
store
jeez man
I'm getting out of here
that was just a little rainfall what are
we gonna do the hurricane comes what
then
hey wasn't flooded what what look at
that tweet
what yeah it wasn't flooded it it was
foot it you see the house for like 10
minutes of rain stop we are going to
flood during her mom I feel you knew
ahead of time that was flooded that's
why you conned me into making that bed
no I did not
I'm staying don't do that why would I
because you want to evacuate so you just
happen to take it here I didn't why guys
the poor can have flooded this guy was
need either yes things are getting crazy
here you guys if you can't see there's a
waterfall oh it's not a ditch well this
is the river of death not a ditch look I
needed a spot to get a thumbnail okay
don't shame me no this is the river of
death we're gonna get killed by this
river on hurricane deck can I get my
thumbnail yeah I don't know what to make
of it you guys if that flooded like that
what's gonna happen when this hurricane
is what rigea is the worst
please know also the storm who they blew
other people's trash in our hand do we
have the worst trash man why would that
happen look at theirs yeah thanks a lot
neighbor C is an art trash can people
are throwing their stuff away in our can
that's the only explanation send here
chillin with Bella worried about the
hurricane you are a girl you know that
none of you worried about I'll protect
you I'll protect you as much as I can
from the hurricane ok you and Clyde lazy
and Marmol give me that I got you just a
near chilla belly you guys having a good
old time it was just storm and as you
guys saw and the flooding and uh not
optimistic what are you you will cover
this alone so I can move on
alright let me do this
oh geez oh man hey I got something for
you
I don't know if I want to see it leaves
yet ain't no water and job oh my god
we're oh my geez hey might be my store
holding for me what store Pig the Piggly
Wiggly they're holding Timbo for me for
the bar when you come in 10 more cases
of water yeah did you guys see the
flooding wha yeah it's EPA big guy okay
plug it out Wow
not waiting a storm there's a ruler
terrain so what's that gonna mean for us
you know the other storm Jose's right
behind it all in the same trailer came
together I'm getting ready and prepared
you're getting prepared for it are you
ready yes I'm ready are you ready yes
I'm ready
I got the water to drink it's gonna mess
up by a stink mess up your stink or sink
sink you a little yeah I do see how
about you well I appreciate it well guys
carrying some water in the house if the
rain flooded out Walgreens I am I
putting every charity I won't take all
you are I think ding gallon
three I'll take some home I got argued
three more and more like them sounds
good
have you played water yeah plus we got
uh eight gallons yeah we up Jacobs
sitting next to the door that's the
woman to be bad you say how bad are we
thinking category the how many hits yeah
but what did we get from that we don't
get about look at hurricane wind
category five hurricane wind up come on
get in Florida by the three about three
that's horrible now we're going to get
the flashlight those uh LED lights that
I bought for my place yesterday are
really good are they they're really
bright yeah but I need one that I think
you'll do bad there's night down to go
to bathroom is nothing yeah thank you
very much take up almost all the boys
when it sits on the head oh yeah well
hopefully nothing comes of this soda
Brits do it yesterday no we couldn't
find anything oh man alright Jacob thank
you for the water
yeah jigs that here bring to you yeah I
don't know come back that's water
I appreciate that cuz we don't need it
okay so you're not scared at all huh
you're a man you and me right would you
go be here during the storm
yeah you'll build a raft
I told you we're talking about gathering
the parts to build a raft in case we
flood out what is one turna we're just
getting ready for this hurricane you
guys dad brought us some water
Jacob's building a raft and he ain't
scared let's do this day
let's keep there going so right now we
are on our way to Lowe's grandpa's stuff
I wanted to go and of course I said yes
because we got to get more supplies
flashlights yeah
batteries okay we got flashlights
candles batteries a cooler yeah I get
how you do cool dude does that
everything let's go do it I'll supper up
getting the other generators take care
more we can sit back and watch it come
and of course something for Jacob cuz
he's so scared of the hurricane
Susy no electricity mmmm I'm still have
my refrigerator running not free to run
it not efficient running in my room I'm
not gonna have air conditioner how you
gonna have that I got a window unit man
you prepared I just plug it in near the
house I swore that when I went to you go
I'll never go through another storm
without being ready
so you weren't ready for Hugo Hale
didn't had nothing I don't think we hit
that was the scariest night of my life
just got the lows with Grandpa and Jacob
oh let's get in here jakey
the dragon
thank you
so yeah I'm gonna get extra cute today I
some about it
I'm having a dance party up in here
Jago help us on the batteries and here
would be batteries to please o-64 blaze
well you got two lights oh man these
batteries Aibileen playing flashlight
yeah check these out huh yeah on the
toilet for hours me both I sure leaving
Lowe's right now grandpa I'll see you
tomorrow
anymore Jacob I'll see you tomorrow
buddy call you tomorrow we go for it
please
sounds good oh you're carrying the
bachelor pop son there's money he gets
paid he gives it allowance yeah you
dinner All Right see ya right now we are
leaving Lucas right yeah that's awesome
yeah so many yeah hopefully we can get
it folks another storms coming
we can't escape the storms they won't
leave us alone
I know Brian we're on our way home from
Lowe's you guys it was actually a very
good trip
I enjoyed hanging out with dad and get
tons of flashes there's barely anything
left dude I know like all the
flashlights are gone
all they had left was like a couple of
like head flashlights look at the sign
god I can't even film
Pagoda pull in here oh my gosh you
didn't pull in hang on Pagoda yes you
read it right yes go to it turn here
this is not a drill
I don't want a single thing from you
sherwin-williams yes screw you Sherman
Williams here we are
oh my god I like the car it's them it's
like a beacon from heaven
ladies and gentlemen I introduce to you
pagoda pagoda is the greatest Chinese
food that I ever had and they closed and
it's just coming soon oh my god we're on
our way home I'm gonna talk to you guys
about this when we go we're on our way
home we got to talk about pagoda we're
back home you guys before we get out of
here I wanted to talk a minute about
pagoda I didn't really get into it too
much and I'm not going to invest part
you guys smack the like button if you
want to hear the whole embarrassing
pagoda story complete with pickle boy
crying in bed beside Brigid you guys
hear this guy Mack the like button just
to wrap up a piece of pagoda they were a
delicious Chinese restaurant in
Summerville that me and Bridgette loved
and then they closed yeah and it was
like the most devastating moment of my
life it felt like it does if Ellen we
lost like family humiliating pagodas
story guys I was trying to find their
family on Facebook and find relatives I
was looking at mr. pagoda even though
what pagoda is like a Chinese like like
built look guys I was desperate
smack the like button will do it for
throwback guys getting out of here outro
time I'm really happy we just found
pagoda me too
guys let's do this outro well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching it was a pretty good day
all things considered it's there I'm
pretty good day
guys we hung out with Grandpa we win got
stuff for the hurricane and the best
part of the day we found pamela tapes on
Friday the 13th yeah oh my gosh I am so
excited by the way guys I said tapes
plural yeah check this out this was
pickle boy finding his thing I'm playing
Friday the 13th and I just got 10
nothing happened when I grabbed it what
happens next
wait we're not done there now this is
Bridget finding her tape that's right I
found the tape guys and now with you
guys
Bridget found you got a tape I got a
tape get it guys we both found Pamela
tapes today so number one that dispels
the rumor that you can only find the one
fridays yeah okay right now it's
Wednesday
or is it Tuesday Wednesday Wednesday
folks it's Wednesday we found Pamela
tapes dispelling the rumor the
Lightning's still going crazy guys were
getting out of here hopefully we have a
solid idea of what's going on with the
hurricane by tomorrow thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite shaman
everything for us and that's it and
Michael thanks so much for playing it
was was it's so much fun
