you see this dad you see this nothing
you keep going move forward don't worry
about it
it's a beautiful morning the sun is
shining birds are chirping there's a new
path for the hurricane what is it it's
good well I mean it's not good it's
horrifying for Florida but oh it has it
going southbound now and not hitting us
oh we're not getting it I don't know why
we're doing the intial right now I don't
know what's going on you guys can't be
on this ride alright what's going on you
guys get me out of camera here visualize
here
what was I thinking okay today is what
Monday
today is Monday right Tuesday Tuesday
okay what we weren't prepared for this
intro the path of a hurricane can change
a thousand times before you get a
location on where it's going today's
update actually shows the hurricane
going south
instead of north which means it might
crash into Florida and all that stuff so
guys you're in Florida please be safe
please be on the lookout but we're still
going shopping for supplies because you
don't know what it's gonna do this
thinking
I do the talking don't leave me I'll
freak out right now we are on our way to
meet grandpa and bridges dad at BJ's yes
I love BJ's I like BJ students they're
just so great I mean that the place is
just great if you've never been to BJ's
you guys telling a Sam's Club and they
have everything yeah and I just I love
BJ's our lives okay Bridget
she loves burger joints you heard it
from their own mouth burger doing okay
no I love that she means beef juice no
actually I meant for just jealous I'm
not jealous I love the big jr. from
Hardy is what I really meant she meant
to stop at pocalypse please stop I
really meant haha
you see BJ's that's really major mistake
okay you decided hey I need to name like
my business something I got it features
and that's why nobody's coming to your
business in Somerville people don't go
guys this parking lots empty all the
time and the reason it is because nobody
will say hey meet me at BJ's
there you know just immediately think
that's the reason Mimi a Kmart okay
just I'll meet you there I don't know I
have a feeling I don't want to tell
people I'm going there I mean I guess
it's for the second minded that would
like not go over that why because of
burger joints please stop but I'm going
to BJ's started okay guys we're meeting
grandpa at a location that sells retail
products do the sign virgin
BJ's and gasps did you imagine having
gas empty the parking lot is virgin
Wolpaw there's like 45 million people in
the parking lot fighting over loaves of
bread and over here at BJ's you hear
birds chirping
I'm gonna park my buggy return oh my
goodness pace here buggy return parking
it is it worse dadad I don't even know
I'd be crazy people have I told them not
apparently grandpa's really upset
because we said nine and it is currently
a 921 Jenny
Jennifer texted us at 9:02 where are
they dad I love you dad we'll see you
soon okay what general just said dad's
like where are they
be there in 10 dad's like hurry and it
shows them inside on a motorized cart
this is the face of anger I just got a
text from dad that says where you we're
on a way and angry early 20 minutes
later relax
blah
PP ain't havin it
all right either way please Adam
we're back walking around BJ's right now
you guys getting everything that we need
for the dad can not control this thing
he's
you're talking about getting one of
these you can't drive the thing I've got
a hat worthy guys he's almost crashed
into four displays like he almost ran
into me twice which i think was on
purpose because he's mad that we were
late is that what it was
do I know my dad or what are you guys
here you guys taking a corner oh jeez I
feel like before you turn the corner I
got a yellow people won't like to move
out of the way just in case I think
probably getting something else why'd
you get yelled at leave you sure you
don't want to race then we need a week
he just tell her to pack up he can't
control he was crashed into like three
displays
yeah you going too fast spam and Wow
yeah I like the taste but you know I
don't think you're supposed to eat it
that much
oh my god what no I'm not walking past
that one that's not funny
no this cooking spray it's just cooking
spray is what popped out at me and
caught me on fire but there's no fire
right here I'll be fine
I'll be all right Hey
see I told you everything is alright oh
Jenny I'm kidding I'm kidding
Michael we need this okay so yes her
okay so yes we're here buying supplies
for the hurricane you're buying queso
cheese that may be the case of regime
like surviving in a shelter I think it's
a snow cone maker what is a mini
crock-pot it's a baby what are you
supposed to cook in this I don't know
what to potatoes is really wanted damn
food oh yeah oh you so only the pot pan
we're looking at both snow cone maker
that's perfect for is that but we
looking at hurricane stuff are we
looking a snow cone makers
yeah we could make a little do they're
still talking about the crock-pot while
you learn that's more I know you're not
good at doing it's a big waste of time
if you ask me hey Dad what are you
getting from IHOP thank you my dad's not
going to IHOP are you going to hop yes I
am all blend Keurigs yeah I gotta get
that I'm getting that ya know what you
want it's whole thing what
no we're dad go
there it is
I lost where we went for a minute there
huh couldn't find you this is what's
wrong with society folks if you're
getting chicken and get the chicken and
if you don't want the chicken don't sit
on top of bunch of trail mix you see
this is like really rude
JC do me a favor please go find an
employee and tell them that this
happened please go go go
thank you sad it is you see this dad you
see this nothing you keep going move
forward don't worry about it
don't worry about it dude I'll just want
to show you what somebody did and we've
said JC to get somebody send JC to get
me
I'm gonna get that his line we're
checking out right now you guys we got
this buddy this buggy in this buggy it's
just unbelievable or what
parking arm is already costing us money
thank now whatever it is it can come
then we got a lot of crackers and drink
Gumby
hey I get to see v8 clips yeah whoa
thanks a lot Doug
you're welcome the line is so crazy
everyone is going crazy today
yeah it was so long we got way too much
stuff we got three buggies of stuff yeah
don't ask don't don't ask
yep don't ask guys don't ask I can't
wait to just get to Dad's house unload
and go get breakfast meat you guys want
a way to Grandpa's house to unload this
car if you look back there you got a
whole bunch of stuff a whole bunch of
crap including this guy's we got a whole
bunch of stuff that we got to unload at
Grandpa's house we spent $1,000 on stuff
at BJ's so we are admittedly I thought
we were our anyway unloading the car and
then what going to IHOP yep I hop all
right guys so this is obviously the
dumbest prank in the world and I'm gonna
try to scare Michael with this pumpkin
bad
I've Clyde will let me oh if Clyde will
let it have a nice
dumbass drink in the world I'm sorry
serious what is that boy goods I just
told you - this is the dumbest prank in
the world I'm gonna try to scare you
with this pumpkin but I was I wasn't
scared of the pumpkin man I was scared
because you screamed the hulex blows up
there now put this up there
I will I gotta clean it out first it's
so cute it is I wasn't scared of it I
just can't believe you're scared if I'm
not scared of those adorable thing ever
maybe that's why you're scared
No oh nice view and drink out I know
what you're thinking this doesn't look
like I hop to me this doesn't look like
Grandpa's house to me and you'd be right
I got a confession where at my house
what yeah this is not a hot war
grandpa's what guys we didn't record
unloading the car at Grandpa's house or
eating breakfast at IHOP because we were
just exhausted and spent we didn't
record I hope no we record a single
thing we just stuff in our faces I was
like what camera good memories
never watch yeah no I can't relive me
stuffing french toast pancakes into my
mouth one repeat forever thanks a lot
Bridget or me because I forgot to bring
the camera guys look we didn't record I
was exhausted we came home I'll say
alright we need to vlog and then I went
to sleep guys this has not been a good
day for pickleboy I've been exhausted
I've been sick I hope let it catch
anything and I hop if I did we're gonna
catch it again because I want to go back
something actually what do you mean my
throat kind of feels off and I have like
an upset stomach for my hop
I hope not it I hop not I hope not yeah
alright let's just redo that scene so I
guess oh yeah okay hold on
where are you doing ready alright I'm
just not feeling well and I think I'm
gonna pick something up from IHOP I
thought Bridgette how'd you come up with
a thing like that so anyway we're gonna
be getting out of here in just a second
but first I want to give an update on
the hurricane the new path how things
are looking
it's still better for us but it's really
bad for Florida so guys if you were in
Florida they issued a state of emergency
so please get out of here get out of
Florida like it's not safe seek
protection it's not a joke don't be like
dad and stay at your house okay cuz
that's that's not the move to make
anyway let's go check on this update and
yesterday's vlog you know the path had
it going up this way you know this now
it looks like it's gonna be doing this
and going up this way so if we go to the
computer models you can now see this is
us if you're not aware if it does do
that it's good we're still gonna get the
storm but I don't think it's gonna be as
bad as it would have been so I really
have no idea what's going on
are we getting hit with the hurricane I
don't know is the hurricane missing us I
don't know did we waste our money I
know that I have a good time absolutely
dad went crazy with that motorized cart
he does not know how to drive those
things guys many times he almost hit me
and I was afraid anyway let's do this
outro that is the update on the
hurricane that there is no update I
don't know what's going on and neither
does the news well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
hope you liked the flog it was actually
a really entertaining vlog as I was
watching it grandpa was riding around in
that electronic motorized wheelchair it
was ridiculous getting out of here
- you question what are you just out of
ideas for pranks now I'm not out of
ideas I have a feeling you are going to
find out yeah I did actually
guys she's totally completely out of
ideas again such I get to orange thing
okay like let's just end it right here
guys that's gonna be it for today thanks
for watching smack the like button if
you enjoyed the vlog thanks for watching
one more time when I asked you guys to
submit below your ideas for the name for
our fan base right now the leader is
camera crew I'm gonna be choosing soon
and the guy who came up with the winning
name like I talked the guy who came up
and when I say he's all this I keep
saying the guy who came up with the
person who comes up with the winning
name we're gonna choose it we're gonna
hook you guys up with some free stuff
guys we're getting out of here thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite
everything to us and the next time you
wake up with a pimple I'm pointing it
out I'm screaming laughing I'm sorry I
just feel like Rick and Morty visited
that things
oh geez Bridget I gotta be honest words
hurt me deep
you
