wait getting hurricane Irma oh my gosh
thanks likely you know is it going to be
a catastrophic end of the world
just like watch the trees blood on your
street that's mine
I am data you need to come to our house
or we need to go somewhere else it's not
you you need to come with us in the kick
okay so let me get this straight
let's take the win for 400 miles an hour
would you still be in your wheelchair
all around the house but no power
move it does well buzz going here no you
know yeah she is mad you're the only
stubborn one here your dog's freaking
get come on dad yeah so you want
mortgage to get blown away to Oz is that
what you're asking for
we're on time turning over daughter
hurricane oh my god dad there is no
Holly wouldn't send you a thousand
salmon there's four heroes in a
hurricane remember Allah Allah hey Doug
got to be dad to this justly berry in
your face he's trying to stay here
anyway Jimmy you work with a fire
department do you have any like fire
like recommendations should he stay here
if the I'm surprised that the National
Guard's gonna let him stay here they
can't stop me I say we all go to New
York yeah yeah let's go to New York have
some fun the Big Apple I agree with that
oh that would suck what if it ends up
stirring up there
she's real funny do you guys know don't
New Yorkers get you dumb it was gonna
Hollywood is it gonna just fly it over
to find us in one office oddly there is
one over there and I want a dog
how this book playing tickets California
right now I know blonde or I don't know
I don't want to go that far how about we
go to like I'm this close to snapping we
gotta get an answer to this right now or
you leave it or not I'm not
now you can young business Wow
so if we all loved you would literally
stay here balls oh why are you we tell
the guy said we don't understand it I
don't get it all you're saying is you're
not leaving we don't we want to know why
give us an answer I don't have to give
us an answer just let us know why I
don't have to you don't have to I mean
y'all give them others though you're
getting on our nerves you won't freaking
leave it it's dangerous usually a yeah I
am I'm not staying here that crazy thing
coming it's talking about it being a
category five so this does you've been
through a category five and you know
he's going with a for your soul you saw
what Hugo did and I true love
yeah well imagine the roof and the walls
welcome to a five imagine I don't care
yeah I don't even think our house is
safe in a five Michael Wow like that's
why we have to leave we shall just
freakin drive to me so we can take our
pets
you ain't even your dogs either I would
take them here's the deal I'm not
leaving a few don't leave so if you die
I die so you know I don't think so
stubborn you're not I'm not believing
he's not
now Bend of battery okay Michael don't
be stubborn
oh we're through battery okay like a pro
games warning no wolf you never been to
the battery in a five so what so it's a
step up before big deal
you don't want for battery I think
you're bluffing you and stay I'm staying
you wouldn't you freak it was what's
gonna happen to our heart he's gonna
pass up we're gonna go check on dad okay
so looking at the streets and find out
where he's that was on grades then
you'll do what all right my name is
obscure double doors y'all know that
come with lens no no I'm trying to
convince him to leave during the
hurricane because it's not and you do no
good take a look at this point why do
you want to stay you're going about hey
calm down okay relax
okay let's over something else
are you excited to go to the movies do
you realize how many people click like
no 50,000 people click like on that
video for you to go to the movies well I
got a big bug them but butter popcorn
engine butter a big old soda belly watch
I'm mad you told us your method of
getting extra butter I'm not gonna ruin
a no vlog but we're gonna show it I'll I
get to butter my own popcorn I do too
you know guys by the way you know they
sell the liquid butter in the stores for
microwavable popcorn dad thought it was
cooking oil I did I was but in a bubble
dad always melts butter from the spike
and dish
you know when you do that yet but mess
it up yeah cuz it's not the right butter
I don't see why you can't do that it's
just not the right butter get the
clarified butter that they sell next to
the popcorn trust me it's delicious
however I did have a thought what if
there is no movies what what the heart
he takes it I am because I gotta just
take Friday what kind of test well cool
off me you guys think of colonoscopy
this Friday yeah
what does that relate it to kidneys
we're gonna run the tube up my butt look
I know that wasn't related to
health-wise : cool oh man you people
don't do nothing yeah answer questions I
know what a colonoscopy is I'm saying
why were you order two colonoscopy going
on up there so there's a medical
condition I'm not aware of don't know
his age I don't like this I had a tube
down the throat not having one up my
butt
okay so it is related to the kidneys no
this roses that's what Tommy is that
kidney for the literary excuse me okay
will you leave during the hurricane I
don't care anymore will you leave during
the hurricane one answer I'm gonna put
here to you and say yes or no will you
leave maybe no okay that's the latest
projections yeah yeah I like hurricanes
dad do you understand what its gonna hit
us as a five so I I don't think he
understands
okay I'm not I'm trying to scare him is
what I'm trying to do but look at this
that is coming right for us
that is guarantee and won't go to your
damn house well you give me some money
he doesn't want to come to our house
because he thinks it's too fancy and he
thinks he's trailer park and he doesn't
love he's a ham trailer part it's the
same reason yeah that's what it is time
for that same reason wanting to play the
Monopoly oh my god yeah you look real
Wow
yeah we can all get together over there
hurricane please how about a dad I will
let you change this to you grandpa gets
to choose whatever monopoly tell you
what I'm gonna do Michael almost a my
big butt right here you need to get up I
ain't going please dad
anyone the tracks we will catch thousand
dollars cash
I'm not going mm I'm not leaving I don't
have much more than that
five why oh my god this gives you broke
right now guys click like it's recording
click like if you think grandpa's should
take precaution sitting here talking to
Jennifer and she just got an update and
do I want to hear it yeah man the
weather man friend I was talking to him
about getting ready like nosey water not
Paris was blankets and stuff he's like
ladies advisory still at 115 but then he
texted me back like 30 minutes later and
said pressure dropped to 959 it's like
it straightens again he got stronger
so what does that say for like the
spider webs no I'm not kidding she's
already good
I'm joking put the shirt back on we both
do that we get angry dude now there's a
wasp nest though right here see it
man what happened you what what happened
oh my god I did that I take your broken
phone apart or back I mean uh it doesn't
come off guys we're going to the store
to get supplies Jennifer just got a
horrible update and then a spider on our
shoulder right now cover the lens so
it's not good news that the hurricane is
getting bigger because if the hurricane
gets bigger come on I bet huh but I'm
pretty sure George's here
the clown Pennywise has taken him
cool that's perfect guys we're at
Walmart hurricane supplies wish us luck
here is the site where all the water is
you guys have you're wondering it is all
gone away and now we're good we got
water 15 loaves of bread here at a
dollar 50 a pop yeah
we've know the day-old bread back for
tomorrow
any left anyway let's ask the magic
8-ball okay yeah okay
are we getting 50 loaves of bread here
at Walmart today outlook is good Oh $50
in bread hold on I need to know one more
time are we get loaves of bread come on
what is this thing made of crap wait
give me an answer my reply is no thank
you
any questions yep wait begetting
hurricane herb oh my gosh thanks likely
no is it going to be a catastrophic into
the world
it's certain no it's hurricane under the
only way Jennifer's gonna take a bath
you may rely on it what about me and me
but you're gonna break up yep Michael is
definitely leaving bridges what I said I
just thought of something though so I
just thought of something that what I'm
not interested in Dale Brad it's just
day-old bread let's on table it's
probably not day-old though it's
probably well I'm just thinking like if
it's day-old I imagine that means it
expires so how long is it really going
to last she's kind of like pick apart
everything but it's true like don't you
want like fresh bread not I do
I don't want bread with mold yeah it'll
probably get mold real quick until you
turn your nose at the moldy bread what
time dad got lunch meat it was gray
oh you two you knows it ray me no you
know that I turn my nose up to gravy he
made a meatloaf with owed me know we've
logged back yeah yeah so Jennifer is
freaking out right now
she seems to think everybody is staring
at her
Judy it's barely noticeable what
people staring at me they're really
yeah this can talk
don't even have what some does it look
at her leg it didn't happen
Jenny nobody's staring at you you're not
G it's a couple of burns it's not a big
deal look at the theories looking
they're looking at me
monstrous freakin hairy gigantic fat man
okay then we're gonna get some snack
cakes oh my god what they brought twenty
back and this time I got banana ones
brought him back Twinkies never left
well then a couple years ago they laid
eggs Winkies were over whether that was
a mass hysteria that even we fell into
marriages marriages a Twinkie yeah we
won David theme I know we're similar
like this is an investment into our
future I was actually oh I was maybe we
got into a fight once almost Brizzy or
eaten or investment yeah what are you
doing
Thank You Suzie Q's yes they've got many
snacks so where's the chocolate fingers
chocolate Singles are the best one it
was all a big joke a big mass conspiracy
broto by mr. hostess while he was like
Twinkies are gone
why wouldn't he do that because we all
bought it didn't we yeah we're like
Twinkies are gone forever let's buy a
million boxes and then they were like
yeah Twinkies are here what a freaking
rip off all the way I'm not saying
regulatory where our regular Twinkies
all regular Twinkies gone we need to buy
up all the boxes he packed we're putting
the buggy's up
they were not gonna hit you you were 5g
look out cover the lens just got done
with round one of the shop you guys
we're going home we're gonna be doing
the outro soon tomorrow's the big
shopping day they're like tomorrow yeah
but I just got a bad feeling about the
storm what do you mean I don't know it's
just most don't don't bother this kind
of follow me sorry you think my leaving
hell no standard is you can't so we
figure out leaving with this bad feeling
yeah I can do you got a little PJs
tomorrow guys we're going to BJ's we're
going to Lowe's we go into the debt deal
Donnell dog tape please and we're gonna
go to IHOP and uh why do you keep
resisting IHOP that I'm gain weight you
need to gain weight the doctor told you
you were malnourished now he's gonna go
put on some pounds he told you you need
to gain another ten point ten or twenty
we need to get you those insures what do
you eat some insurance
ladies boy honey told you that because
you stopped drinking I listen you gotta
get some why I told her let me know what
he finishes that he never does you had
no sense were that anyways well
tomorrow's gonna be long
yep oh man
long day tomorrow well Jenny thanks for
shopping with us what do I think there's
only two left's - I need you to at least
just my man I I can't
I'm staying here you have to at least
discuss the option no there's no I'm
staying here with my dogs I'm put them
in that room right there we have a room
you could put them in the dollars of
staying here in my house so you're just
closed off I'm closed off okay so you're
saying you're done deal
you're gonna drown how about that I
might polka that's gonna be a bad storm
so you're just accepting it what about
it that what hey nothing more than that
hey at least if you put this one all
you'll have a right why do you have
somebody like one pants I dunno I guess
I get to go to dig in to learn
