you know if the media is trying to scare
me then congratulations you've done it
you've succeeded you've scared me
because this is completely ridiculous
alright sorry for freaking out you guys
may be a little overdramatic but still I
am mentally spent right now I'm just I'm
at a point where I have to stop
obsessing over Hurricane Irene guys if
you're like me and you're possibly in
the path of the storm
then you've spent the last week looking
at maps and graphs and charts that you
don't understand and you've pretended
you're a meteorologist and you're hoping
to grasp where this hurricane is going
and you start looking at tracks and the
track show you that it's going
everywhere like the entire United States
has a track some at some point right or
then you start looking at websites that
say oh it's gonna knock cities off the
map this is gonna be a category 6 which
doesn't exist then you see news reports
saying hey here's the areas that it
might hit then a second later they post
a totally different not the same at all
map of places that it might not hit like
you do understand that's the same map
cuz of different right and I'm just at a
point where I have to stop I have to
stop obsessing I have to just accept
that if something's gonna happen it's
gonna happen and all I can do is prepare
for that I'm not gonna stop looking up
the path of the hurricane ok you have to
pay very close attention to this up I'm
just gonna choose where I find my news
at because I've realized that I've not
been sleeping I've been scared to death
I'm scared for my dad I'm scared for my
family and it's scary I don't know
what's gonna happen but it doesn't help
looking at fear-mongering and just it's
important to get your news from the
right places right like there's this guy
I follow he is a meteorologist and he
told me the places to look so I'm gonna
start looking at those places because
they won't try to hype me up thinking
something's gonna happen that it's not
I've got people telling me now all it's
gonna be category 6 there's a new report
saying that pressure
is going to turn into the largest
hurricane that's ever been recorded
since they started recording hurricanes
and I can't I can't
so guys I'm gonna give you guys another
update on the hurricane and we're gonna
keep talking about it because you know
this is important to us but I'm going to
stop obsessing over it the way that I
have because it's not healthy
not that I'm healthy hello a pizza
two votes ago but still it's not it's
not healthy now I'm not telling you not
to worry about the hurricane because if
you think that this hurricane is coming
to you you need to worry you need to
prepare you need to get some water and
if you can afford in a generator that's
the kind of stuff you need to prepare
for I just need to stop making it the
only thing that I focus on so yes I'm
gonna follow the hurricane I'm gonna
have another update for you pull the end
of the vlog I'm just not gonna let it be
the only thing I think about okay intro
time guys I love you if you're involved
in any of this mess stay safe take care
of each other Texas so sorry what you're
going through man this is horrible guys
take care of yourselves what's going on
you guys get me on a camera here bridge
I'll save this before I shut my for a
cup my beer
Michael it's getting in the way I don't
care okay it's either gonna tickle it or
not no nope
erase all this Michael what's going on
you guys get me out of camera here you
guys right there and today Michael
really needs to stay with beard today
I'm just ignoring her today is Sunday
and today um I don't know we're
preparing for the hurricane Oh guys you
saw my answer I'm trying not to freak
out about it but we do got some stuff
that we got to get done for the
hurricane it's like buy dog food buy
bread buy water like
several cartons of cigarettes you never
know you can use a cigarette during a
hurricane I can probably use a bike a
couple cigarettes turn this thing you
don't know what's going on with you
right I'll take a carton guys look don't
smoke
today is Sunday today we're just doing
some hurricane prep yes
regular intro that was a good intro but
for real please save I'm not so how many
bags are you talking about getting
probably five five yes this dog food is
supremely expensive no they cut back in
price because it's made in the US now
these dogs eat better than us that's
just how it is now
I mean guys we are on our way to the pet
store right now to get dog food to
prepare for the hurricane and the chance
that you know the hurricane hits and we
lose power the dogs can still eat yeah
we're going to the pet store buying
several bags of dog food and then one
extra bag of dog food for us because
this stuff so expense so that's we're
getting the off-brand stuff by the way
we're getting gravy train for us there's
origin they're getting origin we're
getting gravy train so guys tables a
bitch for us steak for them so guys
we're go to the pet store right now
getting some food you know what I find
weird Bridget power lines and street
lights yeah I feel like that's like an
antiquated technology I feel like in
2017 we shouldn't be using this stuff
still I just find it weird we're in 2017
right I can put on a helmet that
transports me into a space station and
I'm like whoa look where I am and then
we still got to stop at traffic lights
that are connected to the power lines
now that just feels weird that 50 years
ago we were using like those rotary
phones and today we're still using the
same traffic lights that were then right
that's a good point
I'm calling the future right now Bridget
the future Intel's no more traffic
lights that are connected to power lines
rather they're hovering on a drone
calling it now that's the future we're
at petland time for our dogs to eat
better than us so this is the food our
dogs are feeding we're just said it went
down you lied $80 well why is 120 the
room is spending you guys we're spending
$80 of dog food let me just go ahead and
chill for a second usually when people
are lugging giant bags like this because
of a hurricane it's filled with sand and
it's to stop water like this is just
I'll leave this to you I'm still
shopping for pet food you guys now it's
Felix's turn and apparently he's got to
have food that we can't have either
arcana I just feel like it's a great
look it's important to love your animals
you guys we love ours she loves our
animals more than me here's my denim
it's a party mix we'll get a bunch of
bags of cat treats for the hurricane for
the hurricane feel like it's my kiss
she's not joking you guys in case P
let's get scared by get cat treats don't
worry about the whole game feelings have
party mix right you'll be happy
three bags yeah I'm done choosing
anything Dave I'm done with this trunk
and going to the car just discovered a
new product you guys you've heard of
catnip before right you know it's kind
of like a like a marijuana like thing
for the cats to rub on themselves well
now they've got cat meth giant jug a cat
meth this is cat litter yeah can I just
call it cat meth please okay I enjoy
calling okay I'll be honest I thought
this cat was scooping its own boss
there's too much dog food Michael it's
necessary I agree it is I just want to
have a little sarcastic smarmy look on
my face can I do that can I look
disgusting even if I'm not give me a hug
I love you all right kiss love you could
you guys watch could you imagine if I
had that sarcastic be a space all the
time will we be together yes happy
Anniversary well I guess are you okay Oh
Oh thinking oh my god I'm never going
down to one knee again all right karma
this right here is how a real man
carries dog food she slams the door in
my face your knee one day
anything anybody else just see this I
don't know how this happened
guys I'm sitting there and I'm watching
the vlog that I uploaded the other day
where I was eating the pizza that we
ordered from San Francisco and when I'm
watching the vlog I noticed that I
didn't show the second pizza which the
second pizza was the best pizza that I
have ever eaten in my life and I didn't
show it so guys this was two days ago
this was the second pizza guys this
pizza was absolutely mind-blowing ly
delicious it's the reason I bit my
tongue it looks better
I was really dramatic guys this was that
pizza this is their specialty white
pizza now this one actually won like
Food Network's best pizza so are you
serious oh yeah Oh get the plastic off
of that piece you know second pizza
going in oh my god see you in about five
to ten minutes amazing oh my gosh oh oh
get me in the shot okay I can't stop
waking up the pizza this pizza you guys
calls for very special instructions
first big preserves and you put it right
over the pizza while it's still hot and
we start spreading it on the pizza oh my
gosh oh my goodness I'll be right back
oh my gosh Michael this is crazy
the next step is we have a balsamic
vinegar reduction we're just going to
spread that over that oh my gosh look at
this virgins this is crazy Michael this
smells you guys like the best piece I've
ever smelled like no joke yeah it smells
incredible now that we have done that
folks Parmesan cheese now this isn't
typical parmesan this is Tony Giamatti
grated Parmesan we taste in it and it
does not taste like any problems I've
ever tasted
yeah it's really crazy so what's gonna
that goes right over it that was a good
pizza
end of scene I'm gonna finish this thing
with my eyes closed so I can imagine how
delicious that pizzas guys that's when I
cut out for summer I don't know why that
happened but anyway gonna continue this
vlog hopefully get a hurricane update
let's do this Bell looks so comfortable
right now I oh I get worried for these
storms coming because of these doggies
scared of the hurricane Bella she said I
don't even know what a hurricane is I
couldn't tell you what a warm front is I
couldn't tell you what pressure coming
from the coast is it's all blurry on you
know I'm horror hey girl
that's her sleepy face that's Clyde
sleepy face
I can never film Clyde without him
darting upward I can film Ben alone
though what are you looking at was that
door shut
well do you know if the bathroom door
was shut because I thought I said it you
bye
you don't know guys you guys are scaring
me lazy hey lazy
wake up I know you're sleeping in my
shorts but can I ask you a question
was the bathroom door shut cuz I'm
scared I do not know what he's tasting
oh my god I don't think I want to know
getting out of here in just a second
gonna be doing the outro but first just
got the latest projections for hurricane
Irma and so as of right now it is a
category two and it's going to start
turning into a category three and by
Thursday it'll be a category four
now as you can see if it would have gone
through this it would have weakened I
told you guys that it would have
weakened a little bit now it's skipping
that it's just gonna start going up so
it's either ones you just spin like this
and you know go into ice in North
Carolina or this could be headed to like
the New York New Jersey Philadelphia
area which is devastating if it give a
storm this big where to hit New York
City it would be total and absolute
devastation I'm not trying to drill up
some mass hysteria and just start
scaring people guys all I'm trying to do
is tell you if you're in any of these
areas just to stay focused and stay
looking at all of the latest news cuz
all this could change this thing could
barrel right into US or it could shoot
right up to the New York City you know
Philadelphia and North Carolina just
something like that right so just keep
your eyes on the news follow this storm
because it's very very important that we
all start to pay attention to this you
know if it were a category 4 or a 5 when
they hit New York City it would be total
devastation
you know hurricane sandy was a category
three when it hit New York City and that
was very bad that was about 75 billion
dollars in damages which is just behind
Hurricane Katrina in terms of like top
you know almost most like devastating
storms of all time so you know if
hurricane sandy at a category three
could do that to New York City I don't
want to know what a four or a five would
do so guys pay attention stay safe
get ready for this like I said not
trying to drum up mass hysteria I have
no idea where this thing is going I'm no
meteorologist I'm a high school dropout
I don't know a thing I'm just speaking
from personal experience because we've
lived through some hurricanes in my
lifetime guys stay safe pay attention
let's do this outro
news was not what I was hoping for well
that's gonna be up for today you guys
thanks for watching pretty good day
aside from all the hurricane stuff I
just wanted to want to answer
like I just wanted a one way or the
other you know I mean I know my dad
texted me he was like we're getting the
store but I'm like how do you know he
was like my gut feeling your dad said
that yeah
his gut feeling that we're getting the
hurricane yeah thanks Doug I know way to
make me feel about her guys imma getting
out of here thanks for watching had a
pretty good day aside from the hurricane
stuff gonna get out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite well
and everything but to us and Doug don't
listen to your gut all the time
if haven't yeah look would Kevin listen
to your gut did to me okay don't always
listen to your gut let us know if your
gut says anything other horrifying stuff
is gonna happen okay that's it I know I
just hope it just vanishes me to forget
out of here
did you wants anything awful oh yes so
much
