are you
what's up camera crew high-energy intro
here
I just heard Clyde barking you guys
really hope I don't wake up Bridget
what's going on you guys
Kibby on camera here Bridget West not
here and the reason the vlog is starting
off without Bridget is because right now
it's about seven o'clock in the morning
the reason that this vlog is starting
off around seven o'clock in the morning
is because right now I'm on the way to
Colombia to pick up JC no I'm not
driving I do not know how to drive
come on shut quietly there we go that
gate is super loud you guys it always
wakes Bridget up so we're on the way to
Colombia right now to pick up JC there's
like a performance and food okay have I
mentioned food yet because there's gonna
be food to get on a serious note for a
moment you guys the latest projections
for hurricane Irma have it doing exactly
what I said it's starting to pull upward
right I told you guys you can go
barreling through the Bahamas or start
going upwards and it's gonna start going
on the coastline
now the pull upward is more dramatic
than I anticipated so there's a chance
that Ehrlich had hit you know New Jersey
New York Philadelphia so if you guys are
watching this and you're from that area
start paying attention to Emma because
right now all of us are in danger yeah
just trying to you know forewarn you
guys but anyway what the hell you guys
I'm looking at a tree right now that's
like filled with spider webs I'm going
up to this come on shut quietly did I
mention that gate always wakes up
Bridget I don't know but you see doll
you guys look at this
that's spider web oh my god it's all
over the tree you guys I don't know if
you can see this it's everywhere look at
this okay zoom in we got gigantic like
web nest there oh my god they're there
above it they're up there further into
the tree guys I feel like this tree is
responsible for all the spiders in the
United States we're moving house for
sale get it while it's hot under $10,000
all yours
we're moving we're leaving we're leaving
come on shut quietly that gate always
wakes up Bridget hello hello
no no no no no no I get in the back got
in the back seat this is a whole junket
what is this thing you know loaf of
bread chill on the boulevard
no that's Jennifer's will you bring in
lunch will you bringing a whole pound
cake for the Trib hungry we got money
man we can get snacks okay you have a
anger problem we get it naturally from
dad you want to be scared look at that
tree Sheila spider webs in it yeah that
Triggs oh so one nothing to do with that
you see Jamie look at this tree over
there
worms yeah what yeah they're like not
poisonous to just worms oh my god
the worms nest that's more terrifying
than the spiders oh hell no we're at
grandpa's house right now you guys
because Jennifer forgot dad's camera
because there's a ceremony that he wants
to see with JC and I think Jamie when
she gets back we should prank her I
think so dude so when we get out of this
neighborhood when it's like it's kind of
like you can't turn back mmm let's start
pretending there was like poop on her
okay and there's that Paco so we can't
say the harsh worms but poop words no
poop or yeah poop I like poop okay how
many people are gonna start using that
sound bite against me I like poop anyway
pranking Jimmy
she's coming back and she's got grandpa
with her what's he gonna be mad about
now oh he's walking Jonathan to the bus
stop hey it's in there vlogging hey good
morning would you - bad move are what up
Johnny well you're gonna come to our
house right no see it looks like it
might be headed towards the Philadelphia
New York area no what do you mean you
will know that till Monday or Tuesday
the my hobbies killing over us tonight
Harvey yeah well any trouble winning it
that all right you ready school buddy
well see you hi pop love you normally do
anything you need a name from Columbia
yeah I will see you love you
yo or do you plan out what selling out
that oh I didn't forget yeah all right
let me know yeah for so you'll have fun
all right jelsa well why don't you
that's right all right see you Johnny
and you be good okay I'll have Jamie
some sell particularly tonight we go go
back I don't like
staring it
really yes
because it's very we call it
disrespectful
so you don't like people staring at you
then what again we can do in there get
the we'll look great you get that I look
like poo and you saw that too yeah I saw
that dude it's like going down your leg
or something yeah no so yeah it's on
your pants
they can see I promise you
Italy has corn well it kind of looks
like if someone rubbed like brown salsa
like down her leg my life just my life
you burn to pieces
how did you not notice when you put him
on I watched him last night
well that's somebody wiped him to wipe
with the middle swear gosh what if you
use my face laughter but with really I
was wondering what the smell was now I
know Jennifer it took him out of the
dryer and put him on
okay Jenny we have been on the road for
how long we left imagine like seven
what
around for myself
wardrobe folks we are here and Jennifer
LC could not wear the other search news
words now she's changing again and the
park dude if she gets the riser for a
decent exposure I'm not paying for the
digger I don't blame you
hey baby how are you I have you know
your mama changed three times just to
come here once in the parking lot and
I'm like hey I'm not kidding no we're
not
she changed in the parking lot to get
here and I'm still recording hats
they're doing it but you did good buddy
good so I we didn't see you carry the
flag Papa told us 10 we were in a fast
food place that we haven't been to in
years called brushes have you ever been
here
art class mom we had our class
oh cool oh that's very cool man okay
hard that's awesome thank you so much
let's have you ever been to Russia's it
took me how long well are you excited to
be in russia's guys the last time I was
here I went with dad and we got footlong
chili dogs and they were a little too
expensive for dad's taste and he who
waited to the last bite of these dog
ever yeah we didn't go back after that
now we're back there it is folks the
rush is double cheeseburger with no
mayonnaise let's have a gander at it
it's always I'll be right there it is
folks the rush is double stick up we go
buy this right now
Berko game is on point that russia's
if you have her in the Columbia area
coming through it I don't know if
they're anywhere else I don't think so
Rush's
set off the alarm
do it again
this trucker he is going crazy right now
you guys I turn it on a little late but
he was like weaving in and out of
traffic Jennifer is scared to death
right now
chill Jenny we're gonna be fine chill
Jenny it's okay Jenny is we're scared
than I am of driving and she drives yeah
please just slow down man oh god please
we're passing out just chill
oh my god it's coming back
this was those like a dream I had I'm
joking
alright we're home we're leaving JCM
glad you back for a little while Jamie
thinks driving up from Jennifer don't
freak out the rest of the way home
I'll see you guys later
ah home right now you guys my legs are
killing me crunched up Oh God come on
I'm back from Columbia you guys I'm
hanging out with Bridget and we decided
to watch the movie the original 1990s
version and boy did we find an easter
egg walter white Heisenberg Bryan
Cranston say that don't we just like him
guys are used to look at this that is
Walter White
yo in 1990s Heisenberg working out of
freaking yeah say my name
you're penny wise you're damn right
the play was watching me yet in the
motion it's freaking Walter White
this is insane
okay I even went as far as to like
looking it up cause they pull up IMDB I
was like maybe they put Bryan Cranston
in an old-age makeup or say it's not him
but God is it why'd you pause on this
he's not only does it look like Bryan
crazy but it sounds like him look
mm come with me Jesse let's cook
seriously yeah he was he's a totally new
actor under an assumed name that right
there's Bryan Cranston so you heard it
here first folks
Bryan Cranston was in the movie it not
really but God does that look like him
we just got the latest update on the
hurricane you guys it was not what I was
wanting now the new projection show
would just smash and right into us uh
it's not even look like New York's like
being like looked at anymore this
morning who was there for right now it's
looking like next Wednesday maybe hating
us or something I can't keep track
anymore guys it looks like in my barrel
into us at a category five and that's
terrifying terrifying category five is
catastrophic and if dad doesn't leave
his house I'm not leaving mine I can't
leave my dad
guys we're gonna be doing the outro here
in just a second that was not the news
that I wanted to hear
the hurricane looks like it's coming
right for Charleston I'm trying to
having a good day I'm trying to have fun
and watch movies and have a good time
but that just sends if it guys for doing
the outro not good well that's gonna be
up for today you guys thanks for
watching this beer just really start to
become something no it's starting to
become a problem I love it I've actually
like I mean it's getting in the way of
Friday's don't read into that so guys
it's time for you to save she met
Sundays because the ice cream guys
coming out of here thanks for watching
can we get out of here thanks for
watching you guys had a pretty good day
went out to Columbia to pick up JC had
some lunch
prank Jennifer had a good time watched
the movie it saw Bryan Cranston it was
ridiculous yeah like that's him right uh
yeah and me and Michael made a bet about
Seth Green yeah I didn't think that was
really Seth Green and and it was Mike
it's not him anyway guys had a good day
bad news about the storm but you know we
gotta take it one day at a time thanks
for watching you guys thank you so much
for the support and liking the videos
and guys give this vlog a like if you
enjoyed it thank you so much it means
everything to us like subscribe favorite
everything for us and that's it and
Michael we have to talk about your
beards I'm not shaving them you're not I
want the beard you want to be I told you
I don't shave it until 3:30 so I don't
care what I look like I'm gonna look
like a homeless like
Santa Claus who died his beard will see
my god yeah the lens every cover like a
minute I'm not shaving it
you
