I just called dad off-camera and he
tried to tell me he's not leaving his
house I've never done after throwing my
life I'm not gonna die now this thing
could destroy like everything
what's going on you guys get me on the
camera here for to us here right there
and today is Friday and today's probably
not gonna be fun Friday I'll be honest
I'm not gonna be that much it's gonna be
Friday guys today is not gonna be good
I'm ignoring that today it's not gonna
be good because we are waiting on news
on the hurricane if you haven't been
following hurricane Emma looks like
you'd be coming towards us right now
there's two paths that it could go it
can go straight through to the Bahamas
or to start gliding upwards and go
towards the New York Georgia South
Carolina Florida you know the coastal
route and that is not ideal we need to
just go away please go away
I'm red you can hear me guys today is
Friday if you haven't seen the video we
upload them in the main channel yeah we
uploaded the it trailer reaction go
check it out here's a preview yeah guys
that's on the main channel right now if
you haven't seen it pause this go see it
we're gonna pause on our faces right now
I know that you don't look at that any
faces anymore guys today's Friday let's
get this day started
you still frozen you want to see what
happens when I tickle Bridget she is
viola do it it's lunchtime right now you
guys and this time for me and Bridget to
splurge on our diets just a little bit
guys for bridges birthday i order her
some pizza from this place in San
Francisco boom that's called Tony's
pizza whatever Nepal it's something okay
it comes from where does it I don't
forgot already San Francisco
it came from San Francisco you guys they
shipped
to us overnight and today we're going to
be making some pizza from San Fran let's
do this so the instructions are kind of
weird man they say that we have to
preheat this oven to 500 degrees for 45
minutes and then put it in okay so it
looks like they par-baked it so it's
like they they started the baking
process enough to package it and if we
can finish it it looks so good oh here
we go a little bit of sausage came off I
do not think so let you back on there
all right let me read this for just a
second one sec while we wait for the
pizza to cook I'm drinking milk and
we're watching Rick and Morty guys rig
amorites the best show in the world and
milk is the greatest strength in the
world kids treat your milk it's got
calcium which gives you strong bones
which is a total myth it's not true
folks there's no real data to suggest
that ass real sorry but it's good so I'm
just gonna live with the bio guys this
is Bella's guilty face she does this
whenever she knows she did something
wrong what did you do girl said what did
you do huh I know you did something give
me your paw come on give me your paw
what did you do Oh Betty what did you do
nothing you're just adorable oh my gosh
this is fresh mozzarella fresh sausage
fresh pepperonis everything's fresh on
his pizza
we were actually going to go to this
place Richard do you remember yes VidCon
yeah
we had a guy from YouTube he works for
Google he's gonna meet us there for
lunch there it is folks it's magical
we're gonna go broke we're gonna
I just had a bite of the other pizza you
guys and it was so good that I got lost
in thought and I bit my tongue real bad
it's been bleeding for about 25-30
minutes so guys look at this and that's
how good the other pizza is okay
the other one was good that would put me
in a dream stick yeah it's amazing it is
a delicious exuberant yes oh god it's a
masterpiece so while I'm in pain pause
this video go watch the it the clown
trailer reaction then let me just sit
here in pain
what were you saying like it craps on
all of our pizza girl I'm like done
eating beeping hey I know right unless
from this place dear pizza place I'm
gonna find you on twitter follow me back
and give me free pizza I'm going to it's
starting to storm
I'm tired of the bad weather I don't
know if you can hear me you guys this
has been an alright day but now it's
starting to really fall apart on us and
I'm already worried cuz I don't know
what this hurricane is gonna do we're
waiting on a new projection please go
away
just got my fingers crossed you guys
that this storm just goes away
disappears into the Gulf it's nobody it
just dies and then hurricanes are gone
forever cause I'm tired of so many
people losing so much over hurricanes
and weather like thunderstorm
I don't like thunderstorms anymore
because I don't know what's gonna turn
into
I love thunderstorms I don't care what
you say oh yeah until the finish lunch
was working trees out of our yard
remember we just got ya our palms guys
haha so it's starting to storm you guys
I bit my tongue leus like now I'll show
you an update on that tomorrow guys
miserable day it was starting out okay
but now we don't know where the
hurricane is and I bit my tongue and it
started a storm
hopefully the day ends better than it is
now
I'll be honest I'm a little leery about
any storm coming right now
considering everything that's been going
on oh great yeah
you made me feel really comforting sky
no I'm not terrified at all if it
lightnings again I'm running inside yeah
see ya our little nighttime scene is
over folks
we're going in chill dogs it's lightning
how do I be near it laying down this is
my night you guys
chilling out waiting for the storm to
pass because I am sick of bad weather
dude the power
yeah but the TV still going I'm tired of
it Oh Michael Clive Thunder buddies
Thunder buddy call me up he was but my
face he might be actually I mean yeah I
think it's like a dominance thing and
he's trying to dominate me as I smell
mop bullet I need to dominate you I look
at my eyes it's time for me to dominate
you
hey dude have tried I tried he won't be
dominated by you don't care bro scaring
me Michael remember when we thought
there was a bat yes it's actually a bird
up here yeah I saw its little feed what
yeah oh my god there's a bird and I
think there might be two of us there is
it's on the fog up hold on are they
alive yeah I saw them flying
oh my goodness bro they are two birds up
here what's strange is the nest the nest
is like this clay looking thing what
yeah and they're obviously like holding
on to it to like sleep is that even safe
to have them up here like that I mean
the birds probably know better than we
do
jeez if they are birds living up there
Bridgette I know what in the world let
us know in the comments section if you
know something that we should do with
these birds
I don't Lee was you're allowed to touch
birds they said what should we call the
animal control guys you let me know in
the comment section because I am an
experienced in this and I really don't
know I mean I'm okay with them being
there if they are what is this thing
wait where what's how is happening no no
I live in a house with a wildlife just
run amok they make the whoa I just saw
something was like a bat or a Nana okay
there's enough outside for one day
sitting here playing GTA and right now
you guys and I crashed a plane in the
middle of the street and now this truck
can't get my head he's like ramming it
hoping to get through I don't know if
you can do it man he's met me he's
moving it I'll be honest there's two
trucks down like
no like hey you move somebody move this
plane they're both just ramming into it
from both sides
move it the room of it
look at their beating the plane oh hey
Bridget dad's waiting somebody moved his
plane now an ambulance is shown up
it's okay what's going on with this
plane risk in Sony movie they are not
stopping it so they moved this plane
like just go around it people just got
some potentially devastating news you
guys they just posted some updated
computer models for hurricane Irma and
the models show it coming right into us
at a category 5 and if that happens this
is gonna puree ssin
I just called dad off-camera and he
tried to tell me he's not leaving his
house I've nobody left to throw in my
life I'm not good at died now this thing
could destroy like everything I'm not
trying to be like melodramatic you guys
I'm freaking out I'll show you guys the
model just a second the path the storm
is taking is starting to terrify me we
may have to start preparing for this
evacuation
check this out so as you can see this is
Irma right now she is a category three
by the time we get to 2 p.m. on Tuesday
it is going to be a category 4 now
there's a couple of things that this can
do if you follow my mouse here and I'm
no meteorologist so I don't know how I
know this I've looked at computer models
you guys as you can see it goes down and
then it starts dipping up again starts
here which means there's a chance it
could either pull like this now if the
blows like this it's gonna weaken when
it hits all of this and maybe hit
Florida and like Louisiana as like a
category 3 however one of the more
likely scenarios is gonna go up up the
coast and their maps won't let me go up
there there's a chance one you can hit
New York City Boston Philadelphia or it
can barrel right into us at a category 5
I don't know what next week entails for
us I don't know I'm not ready for a 156
plus miles an hour wind I'll tell you
that I know dad's not guys I hate to end
this vlog on such like a horrible note
you know we were having fun today
cleaned out the car we having we ate
pizza and now it's ending like this
we're gonna be doing the outro here in
just a second that's the current update
it's not good this hurricane looks
devastating and it looks like there
might be another one for them and right
behind it well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching I was
gonna say a pretty good day but after
you know a new event with the hurricane
not good it's it's scary by the time you
see this I don't know what the model is
gonna look like then it could be
dramatically worse if it's that bad we
should go out of state maybe I'm like we
should just take every one of them I
would like to evacuate but Dad was
yelling me on the phone oh I'm not
leaving my house
I left before I heard ya I'm not leavin
again he's not planning on leaving I
don't know we're gonna make him leave
guys by the way before we get out of
here I tried to humiliate Bridget in the
grocery store yeah she flipped it on me
check this out so I want to show you
guys what it's like to go shopping with
me excuse the pimple right there I like
to annoy bridge am I've never seen a
diamond and the flesh I cut my teeth on
wedding rings in the movies and I'm not
proud of my address in a torn-up town no
postcode Walkman yeah
my apologies bridge for trying to
humiliate you okay you win babe I always
win okay guys it is what it is getting
out of here hopefully by the time this
blog goes up tomorrow the models will
change and it's not kind of crashing to
anybody at all I know that's what I'm
really hoping for guys we're gonna get
out of here let us know in the comments
section if you know what we should do
with those birds like should they be up
there should we call somebody to get
them are they safe I don't know let me
know I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite everything but us and Irma GFY
okay no get out get out of here you're
not welcome you know welcome here Irma
get out
get lost I am on mother Sullivan I see
me doing the end we're not getting the
hurricane
she's all wrong yeah
