what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here Richa West in the kitchen
we're gonna be doing a proper intro in
just a second but I wanted to start off
the vlog by showing the bad news right
off the bat bad news if you didn't see
the vlog we uploaded yesterday we went
and got a whole bunch of stuff for the
it the clown trailer reaction you guys
we got balloons
we got the it mash with a pin of the
student the Pennywise mask
we got balloons we got a clown outfit we
got the works and I woke up today to
find that my balloons have totally
deflated great so one thing that doesn't
float are these balloons they don't fuck
no more so you guys scared us up with
that
hold on man class again let's try this
one so before we go over to grandpa's
house tell you guys we gotta go get more
balloons this is already turning into a
disaster
however today is the day by the time
you've seen this vlog you already know
angry grandpa watched the it trailer and
now I'm asking you guys to click like on
both videos to get him to go see the
movie because he needs some motivation
guys we need a ton of likes on this
videos or he won't go he's gonna oh no
they're not hey they don't care guys I
need a bunch of likes on this video so
we can send grandpa to the movies so he
can watch it
he hasn't dude grandpa hasn't been to
the movies and I don't like ever since
he was a kid
guys smack the like button I want
grandpa to go to the movies he needs a
bunch or he ain't gonna do it
going to Grandpa's house folks while
we're at Grandpa's house you guys I'm
going to make him a lobster roll he's
never had one before so today not only
is he gonna me penalized but he's gonna
have a lobster roll forgive me oh yeah
guys the reason we're doing is so he
forgives me after he's so scared I know
what I'm doing I'm very insightful for
the past week you guys have been begging
for angry grandpa to react to the it
trailer so today oh that's what we're
gonna do hey grandpa hi guys for the
past week you guys have been begging for
anger to grab pottery act to the Stephen
King's it trailer so we're about to show
grandpa via trailer for the first time
and Lauren has not seen
get out of here - come here Oh is he
still in the shower yeah what do you
think what do you mean that's scary
fairy right it's like it's a con team
this outfit is bursting at the seams I
can barely hold on
I can barely wear this thing I got a
slouch I think Lauren just went it on is
Howie in the dark that's more psychotic
and Pennywise
he's always showered in the dark that
was bizarre guys in a few minutes Brent
let's go flood to Sydney with Grandpa
and he just got pranked and he watched
the trailer and guys I need your help in
the video I told you guys to click like
and hope are you pissed what am i do
well i just i just showed you the
trailer yeah
scared by Lauren's not mad i scare her -
guys I asked you in the video to click
like if you want him to go see it now
he's not gonna do it if it's like the
average life she's gonna go they don't
care
I ain't doing it we need superhuman
likes for this so click my Coon this -
we need a lot of likes or he ain't doing
it guys I won't grant buy to go to the
movies next weekend you're gonna see
it's like life so scared
scary movie here that's the whole point
of scary movies they're scary you're
supposed to scare well that's good well
guys my balloons kept popping one point
I'll balloon hit this on the ceiling and
it popped and I was down to four
balloons and then grandpa and I popped
before I gave them to Grandpa misery
another Stephen King movie skies I want
grandpa to go see it smack the like
button a whole bunch of times and he's
going you've been had buttered popcorn a
big belly why oh they got it everybody
we were about to see how this mask looks
old worn because it's so huge and she's
so tiny I'm thinking it's gonna be like
the Queen on Alice in Wonderland it is
look at this crazy look at this gives
your boyfriend a kiss oh wow it's
perfect yeah I forgot to put that dude
it's creepy it's really creepy hey let's
put it on dad
no let's see what that looks like in
this meadow why do you are so against
this cheese is exactly what you look
like as a baby I wanna get in the
picture with him just guess it got
thumbnail here that's it it's like it
was like a surfer back in the 60s well
that's it right now I am making grandpa
a lobster roll this is fresh Maine
lobster a little bit of clarified butter
salt pepper you go Nate I didn't had a
ship oh is it late birthday gift yes
would you birthday Billy
yeah I know I don't know here so we do
birthday month oh yeah
not good first time grandpa had a
lobster roll yep
whatever Lofton what is it really this
is well there's that's what a lobster
roll looks like folks I don't have added
too much manatees or not but all I've
met well imperfect but oh god no little
piece of knuckle just hanging out of it
they say the the knuckle which is that
and this like the most flavorful parts
of a lobster and they're soft they're
good good we're back from Grandpa's
house right now you guys before we
continue the vlog and we're gonna
continue the vlog we got something
important to talk about number one the
video that was supposed to go up before
this so and as you can see the video is
filled with references that it's already
been up is not up and the reason that
it's not up is because I don't have time
to fully edit the video I do have a
version of it edited that I sent to one
of the young and Steve Billings but the
full video is not done I've not had time
because we just found out we might begin
here with the hurricane next week and
what's the saying don't like should we
worried yeah was it tough my head in
earnest out it's always what you're
seeing it's not letting you bring it up
on your computer what are you trying to
pull up the actual path Texas just got
hit with this huge storm and they have
record-breaking floods and you know we
send a donation and I'm my rabbi Michael
cut that part of the law people think I
just said that for like you know to get
like yeah credit for it so cut that out
yeah Michael cut so Texas just got hit
with this big storm and our hearts go
out to them now could could we flood
like this thing oh it's looking like he
can hit us at a category 4 or 5 guys
totally means
that's total devastation that's yes so
don't be scared I am scared
it's totally too blue I can't see
anything so this is all of the potential
paths that this hurricane could take and
a lot of them have them hitting us cuz
if you don't know we live
oh it's blurry hey thanks for blowing up
on me look it's here okay blurry now you
guys saw the path without one was just
taking a look at this this is the path
that Hurricane Hugo took in 1989 looks
pretty exact so there's a chance that
this can hit us you guys I don't want to
dwell on this too much today trying to
stay optimistic okay
please don't start scary anymore I'm not
trying to scare you we'll stay
optimistic for today please I just
wanted to do a quick video to tell you
guys why the trailer reaction hasn't
gone up yet it is actually gonna go up
tomorrow around 3:00 or 4:00 o'clock
Eastern Time stay tuned for it still
click the like button if you want
grandpa to go to the movies we're still
gonna do that also I'm just cocky just a
man you didn't hear anything
would you sweat I say just now dad huh
okay we're good so guys grandpa's still
going to the movies unless the hurricane
comes and then we're dealing with
something else but I'm staying
optimistic that ain't happening
let's continue this vlog 8:00 a.m.
Monday it turns the wrong way we'll be
heading towards us seriously
what a conflicting like sign this a
bridging Doug if you guys don't know is
a diabetic so he has to drink diet coke
but I guess when there's a hurricane
coming he switches to Pibb Xtra that's
like most people have like gin with like
a little like shot glass he's got mr.
Pibb yeah I'm just trying to joke around
Doug this is here it is you know it you
know it doesn't want to unfocus so it is
what it is see
yeah I'm this is scary we started the
scene to cost
dougies in the bathroom right now
Nagas in the bathroom right now you guys
he's I don't know if you scared of cons
or not is he uh I don't think so but
we're gonna try
we have to acknowledge that what was
that noise um what do you think you know
it could have been his shoes or
something it wasn't his shoes guys we
get in there before he comes out Oh
oh my god
okay
we should like not do this
scared no just don't go in there okay
I'm gonna way from that door know this
back oh whoa first of all you askin okay
it was gonna be play yeah
second of all oh how long was you in
there for geez dude I'm sure the Sun
passed a couple of times
that's all I feel it's been a full day
pretty sure like the eclipse of 2024 is
next week I'll trow this well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching
pretty good day you know aside from all
the horrible parts of the day it's been
a pretty good day guys grandpa try the
lobster roll
he watched the it were a traitor I can't
talk he watched the it trailer what's
that videos going up tomorrow scared
Warren pretty good day yeah that was
really funny also I think our if I hated
the lobster roll
I do too actually you guys I think you
like I didn't film it but after he's
done yeah it's pretty good I'll put the
rest up for later and he didn't eat it
he was like okay did I add too much
mayonnaise you think he might have added
too much mayonnaise but I don't think I
actually like Lobster well what do I
know about seafood anyway you guys we're
getting out of here uh we're gonna keep
our eye on hurricane ARMA because I
really I really hope this thing doesn't
like I know I hope it just vanishes in
the ocean
seriously don't hate anybody just go
away why are you going
wait why working is gotta attack good
people just go away
yeah tired of hurricanes already no way
Erma nobody wants you guys everybody be
safe this is an active hurricane season
please be safe please take care of each
other take care of yourselves don't be
like grandpa during Hurricane Hugo the
eye of the storm passed over Goose Creek
which is where we lived and he ran
out of the house I go in the hurricane
Nova and then it came right back in here
to run inside for a slice oh oh you
would have loved it huh
he was probably so scared I don't
remember it I just heard stories I was
an infant Tony what little infant pickle
baby so anyway guys I'm getting out of
here take care of each other be safe
Doug stunk up her bathroom getting out
of here oh you guys so much
you
