what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here rejoice here right there and
today is Monday and it might be Tuesday
by the time you see this because you
guys
it is super duper super late triple a
and if you're wondering why we're
uploading this late is because YouTube
is freaking broken you subscribe guys
everyone wins good style our channel is
cliff stop our channel was glitch down
dramaalert mcjuggernuggets everybody was
totally glitched out and could not
upload videos and believe me I tried for
about three and a half hours I was
trying to upload a vlog and YouTube was
just like no no vlog today you don't
upload and I do what I'm told I didn't
upload nice as of right now they are
officially fixed but I don't know if
they're gonna be sending on
notifications for this so I don't know
if anybody's even gonna see it ever
because YouTube is shattered broken gone
total blackout but I don't miss an
upload for maybe it's an April Fool's
joke
maybe YouTube's pranking everyone well I
proposed was yesterday I know hey don't
do it YouTube guys I don't give up I
don't miss a day I do daily uploads and
today is no different so today I'm
giving you guys something a little bit
special instead of a vlog I'm giving you
a photo shoot of things you have never
seen before the unreleased angry grandpa
pictures from trailwood yeah super
exciting and then unfortunately for me
the unreleased pictures of pickle boy as
a kid humiliating guys let's go check
out some family photos YouTube get it
together homie alright there's the first
picture oh I remember yeah whatever
happened to that curtain
it's like dim in a landfill I don't know
so proud of that curtain I know I spent
like 10 bucks on it at Walmart I was
like I am shitting in haikon dude I
remember this was the day we got like
our first digital camera dad was like
how do you develop the film
and I was like you just plug it into the
computer be your dad hated taking
pictures they're like seriously like hey
didn't oh I know like I know he looks
happy in this picture even though it's
kind of like a driver's license photo or
like you know he's like taking a picture
for a registry but like he did not that
was like a sarcastic smile followed by
an angry you don't take immediate
pictures back oh yeah I remember I had a
tough nut like be angry again
because like it was blurry good damn
Micah take another dude the reason let
me get through this the reason that he
didn't like taking pictures was the fact
that like he thought it made him feel
like a star or something you know like I
know God diphthong but then two weeks
later he was like my kiss babes it's out
of control
yeah now my cup fucking famous these
next pictures you guys are of the house
itself the house we lived in at
trailwood and we were so happy with it I
know it looks dingy you guys it was
dirty it was gross I loved it but it was
home I missed it a lot of people don't
realize just how little we had you know
that microwave we were so proud of it
like dude we have a state-of-the-art
microwave okay it was $15 so boy
yeah and it was a good microwave we
loved it and the course this is the
libram after dad repaired it by
repairing I mean he took the walls out
and we had to fix it and that's the
couch mom watch Dracula one and the
outside man I really do mr. Elwood we
had the times on that swing oh yeah I
don't know if you can see it but - but
the patch - bullet hole from the first
night you slept on there was a drive-by
the first night were just stayed over
oh no oh no no no I looked like Chucky
guys I tried to dye my hair blonde and
it took a red tint and thank God you
can't really tell in this picture
because my hair was red oh yeah this is
when I was in that band you're in a band
no I just wanted to look like it oh I
dressed up like Corey what's his last
name
Corey Taylor yeah Corey from Slipknot
and people would open the door when I
was the press and I would be wearing the
mask do they think you're Corey no okay
they just thought it was depressed
Michael again and we need to watch him
Oh Oh big of me i dude I thought I was
so cool in this photo well you're
probably the coolest though I'm pretty
sure I'm the coolest that there is when
it comes to this picture I thought I was
like super cool I was like take this
picture because I look ace I'm
embarrassed about now look at me in the
snow
whoa I'm super awesome oh wow yeah I was
not as cool as I thought that I was
let's just you thought oh no no no no
your hair hold on
pause guys you're so cute
why it's just the trick since I tried to
get frosted tips I am NOT happy it
exists
oh god yeah I thought I had a cool
haircut I thought I look cool I don't
aren't I'm embarrassed of it now guys
this is the last picture coming up right
now wow this is angry grandpa and my
grandfather and it's one of the only
pictures we have of the two of them
together and by the way that is JC
they're holding and today it's JC's
birthday so Jay happy birthday I love
you buddy you're 17 years old this
picture 17 years old that is crazy
Wow birthday Jay happy birthday Jay guys
let's go do this outro I'm sorry it's a
short vlog but yeah let's go do this
well that's gonna be a fritter day you
guys thanks for watching and right off
the bat I know what you're thinking this
video 7 min
long what the hell's the matter with you
and the answer the question nothing's
the matter with me at YouTube funny guys
yeah it's really weird you Carolee up
long videos today
I didn't wanna it's like guys number one
it is super late it is going on at 11:30
right now which means this video might
not even go up until tomorrow
technically anyway
and when you upload that late
automatically your views drop nobody's
awake nobody's even gonna see the video
and by the time you do wake up you're
not gonna see the notification because
somebody else uploads it so guys
unfortunately we couldn't upload today
but tomorrow we upload again no oh yes
No oh guys you're not ready for
tomorrow's upload I'm not gonna say
anything about Thursday I'm not gonna
give you any hints any details I'll just
say this one cried and I called like a
stupid yeah I dug in the garbage okay
we'll talk about that that's tomorrow I
promise you you don't want to miss this
we're calling you stupid
I'm not sorry for making you cry you are
stupid like subscribe favorite fun
everything for us I'm happy I make you
cry sorry I was all messed up
you
