let's take a picture what let's take a
picture her Bridget
why it ought to be rude here we've been
together almost 10 years and we've never
done one of those listen I don't be rude
okay what don't take what I'm saying is
we're not both fitting in this thing
what's going on you guys give me on
camera here here right there in the day
it's Thursday and today it's throwback
Thursday I really stink I need to take a
shower
can we get through the intro first no
today it's throwback Thursday and today
I really want to take a shower I think
today is Thursday and tonight
Bridgette and I are going on a little
date night you excited babe
I wanted to tell a throwback Thursday
story tonight you guys about the
previous time that I went to the movies
and I had a cold because it was not
pretty
it was humiliating guys we're gonna get
to that right now
right at the beginning throwback
Thursday let's get this blog started
Bridge get better not stink at the
movies because you just left the intro
fresh shower right off the bat you guys
I wanted to tell the throwback Thursdays
why do a couple years ago me and
Bridgette went to the movies so we could
go see Paranormal Activity now when I
went to the movies to see paranormal
activity I had a horrible cold like I
was snotting like I was coughing
ridiculously and I knew I was getting
myself into a bunch of crap but bridge
was like I want to go see and it looked
amazing I was like no I don't want to go
no we gotta go thing is so I went I go
to the movies I humiliate myself you
guys I thought you were taking a shower
I want to hear this story it was so
funny we go to the movies and this place
is packed I'm talking about every seat
was sold everybody wanted a ghosty
paranormal activity and I was like okay
if I got a car there's a lot of people
that are gonna be listening to this now
I get anxiety now I'm good in front of
people I can talk to people and I can be
cool in front of crowds but I get
anxiety if I got to do anything like if
I gotta stand up to pull up my pants
like Oh God everybody's looking now god
forbid I have a
which is exactly what happened so we're
sitting in the movie the lights are off
and okay here's the deal
I had popcorn but we didn't have any of
the house up for the sake of visual
here's fried chicken now I'm sitting
there eating my popcorn and a colonel
lodges in the back of my throat now I
know there's trouble I can feel it ugh
okay mmm
troubles coming oh and I know that I
have to cough but I hold it in and I'm
holding this coffin for like 15 minutes
you guys how do you hold in a severe
cough for 15 minutes well you stop
watching the movie number one I'm just
in the movie like meanwhile bridge is
never the time or alive wow this moves
amazing right Michael and it's like I
got tears rolling down my cheeks because
how I'm holding in this cough because I
know it's gonna be a loud one and I'm
just waiting for a job I know what
jumpscares coming so I'm like please
jump skier please finally the jump scare
happens what do I do
yeah I wait for the jump scare so I can
just let out the loudest kaufe Maginot
Ball
that'll get buried with all the screams
and the laughing and the good times
unfortunately by coughing I allowed my
throat to bill yes I'm the coffin and I
could not stop coughing the rest of the
movie guys people are opening up closet
doors it gets real quiet bridges like
Michael stop my god I can hear other
people what the hell's his problem oh my
god sorry I went to the movies and I had
the worst cop of my life and I promised
that I would never go back to the movies
with a cold again and now we're doing it
we're gonna go see game night yes
terrified so let's do this
let's go to the movies Bridget finally
take that shower
okay let's go it's been a long time
since I went to the movies with a cold
it's been a long time since that
faithful night of seeing Paranormal
Activity but guys tonight is the night
that I redeem myself tonight is the
night that I go back to the movies with
a cold and prove that I am NOT the
person I was before and I will not call
her in a movie today is the day that I
cope can't be on camera okay can I ever
do this like build up thing you chose to
take you chose to take the shower light
okay well I don't want to say we're
going to the movies is this a claw
machine for dog toys dude is it it might
be looking for it here lazy wants a toy
is this really a thing thing it doesn't
take cars do you have any money I don't
like your the date here how could you
ask your date for money you know what we
gotta go find some money lazy boy
a blue one or pink one okay you know
what it's colorblind
I can't even run a dog boy cheated me
that's kind out of law how is this a
like a prize I have known I have never
won one of these before ever
congratulations you want a dog toy ever
no it's not I have to my toy it's going
in my bathroom you go oh my god I've
never ever ever won one of these before
you got this baby should do it wait I
never took out any money
oh my god look let's take a picture
what let's take a picture there's it why
it ought to be rude here we've been
together almost 10 years and we've never
done one of those listen I don't wanna
be rude okay what don't take what I'm
saying is we're not both fitting in this
thing like we can probably take solo
pictures Michael and Willie give like
glue them together
we're not come here come on
though we can glue them together get it
I don't know I'm embarrassed now no no
I'm humiliated walk in here Michael
budget walk in here no my gosh you for
watching
Oh Mike real close it okay
this was your idea this is not working I
can't even move my arm right now okay
holdovers step 1 press Start
circle around I can't move okay I need
you to move your shoulder okay this one
we're gonna be looking
classic let's do it I said yeah maybe
should do it if I'm a parent oh okay I
thought I'd pop the curtain stop okay
oh you know first cuz Oh crying screen
ringing car do y laughs all fake moves
back up as far as you can to the wall I
I'm as far back as I could possibly be
just give it like it's hot in here and
scary out there
are they watching waiting someone's
waiting no oh no family oh oh yeah I'll
get a picture with it's a fan
yeah miss Bridget I let it go we are now
in the parking lot after what just
happened because Bridget needed a smoke
it was so stressful I think I want to go
home
no no no no no nobody goes home we made
it all the way out to the movies we're
gonna go see game night smoke your
cigarette I want the security footage
erased
present I can't like humiliated see
right there that doesn't say Michael's
that says movies I don't own this place
I can't get the security footage
sighs you know if they're any of my fans
that work at the Somerville okay we
don't play any thoughts everybody's head
let's just drop it
dude how long are we gonna sit here and
deal with the smoking thing okay okay
Michael it takes like three and a half
minutes to smoke cigarettes okay right
but like I'm freezing cold out here I
want to go back in feels wonderful guys
what it feels great no doesn't it's cold
no it's great actually
okay you got high blood pressure okay so
we need to get that handle you probably
should be smoking anyway well you're the
one who's cold inside was your
temperature 91 right that's a low blood
pressure that's temperature and now we
are filming inside the theater this is
against the law
Michael I'm going to let them haul me
out of here go to prison no okay Bridget
just brought the cardinal sin she added
raisins I think I got two any way you
want sneaking denial Asian we can't do
that
that was a pretty good movie it was I
really enjoy them glad that we did this
it was it was pretty funny that I liked
that what our way home you guys we're
going to talk about the movie in just a
second while she smokes a cigarette my
favorite person in that movie was stupid
blunder Jesse Plemons yes he's so funny
Jesse Plemons follow me on Twitter I'm
gonna follow him because seriously I
don't understand how he kept a straight
face for it guys we saw a good site that
movie was awesome
we're gonna talk I'm cold you're gonna
have to go into its suspending all
belief well yes
don't believe in anything or have faith
you'll love it if you don't believe in
anything and think everything's a fraud
and just think that life itself isn't
real love it it's an out-there movie
guys but I enjoyed it was funny it was
very funny you guys it was it was out
there with a sense of realness at the
same time if that makes any sense and I
know it does and God
it was a good the cop was the best Jesse
Plemons
we're already a Jesse Plemons fan it
wasn't meant to be funny guys but
everything he did in the movie was
hilarious
guys I loved it this is not hashtag add
though I wish it was John Francis Daley
hit me up man I want to write a movie
too so that's what I want to do we're
going home
well that's gonna be a better day you
guys thanks for watching that was our
date night I had a good time I had a
really great time babe it was a really
good night you guys by the way if you're
wondering no I did not cost during the
movie I think my Colts going away I
didn't have to worry about what happened
during paranormal activity I'm good
what is that something that like I'm
lying is that what that means I don't
know I don't know what that means okay I
don't know why I'm doing it guys today
is officially the very last day that you
can get the angry never dies t-shirt and
then it's gone and I don't know if we're
gonna have any more tribute shorts after
this you guys check out the link below
you guys get yourself an angry never
dies t-shirt before it's gone this is
the last day thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite follows
everything for just
and that's it I love you guys so much I
really hope our clothes are gone
tomorrow
no I think everyone's know that was rude
up all this
