I'm ready for this guys meet
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here right there today I don't
even know guys right now it's like
midnight so the vlog started so we can't
really keep track of what day it
actually is we are playing the new Jason
game Friday the 13th the game and
they've updated the rules
so with these updated rules we want to
see what we can do to people because you
can't kill them right run them over you
can run them over and we may have found
another way we're gonna try this guys
today is whatever day this day is let's
get it started
what are we supposed to do big old it
took it away they took away team killing
it took away the shotgun I can't beat
people with pipes what kind of game is
just no girl they ruined it
what's that girl she wants us to find a
way she wants us to find a way to troll
people on Friday the 13th oh my god
Bella cover this lens I promise you were
gonna think about it think I'm breaking
my promise to Bella we can't do it
there's no way to do it
you better think of something now the
next scene better be us explaining what
we did what so they just updated the
Friday the 13th game where you couldn't
team kill and that made us mad well we
found a new way the bass make people
angry team blocking we have circled
around a player and we're not moving the
whole game we're not moving Friday the
13th you better not band circling around
people this is the new thing losing only
trying to glitch his way out of it he's
like if I do this I'll get out geez
those things got a horrible internet
connection I love it so yeah guys if you
want to make people angry and you can't
kill them on this game just block him in
a circle yeah we're just choppin exactly
oh we got the idea because brinjals
playing a minute ago and she's has him
do travel a wall he was there by the
wall this wall enough there was a wall
in the game she was just standing behind
him and he could do anything and I feel
bad I felt really bad he was like I'm
subscribed to both your channels I
thought
like it better but this guy here's been
talking crap at all times you said that
I wear diapers well guess what Mike now
you're stuck don't let Mike get run over
run him over
please run this dude over Friday the
13th is still just as good as everyone
it is the next morning right now you
guys and we are getting ready to go over
to grandpa's house to watch the 8
trailer but first we got a lot of things
to do number one I'm waiting on a little
mask to come by the time you've seen the
video by the time you've seen this the
videos already been up so you already
know I ordered an it the clown Pennywise
mask because you can't watch the it
trailer without a mask of Pennywise and
number two we're about to go to the
grocery store so we can get some red
balloons because grandpa and Summerville
we float we float we all and when you're
down here scary
you'll float too you'll float too I'm
joking Gary Gary I'm getting into
character get out of it okay guys we're
going to the grocery store because now
it's time for us to float - here they
are Bridgette the patented iconic silver
balloon from Pennywise in the clown
those words silver yes he used silver
balloons those were yellow
yeah sure thing pal yellow yeah I don't
think so
yeah Bridget everybody knows they were
silver no they were definitely elephant
see I'm loose
I'm going to believe you actually don't
know the real color I know the door
color what is it oh you don't know okay
you're right guys there is the red
balloons
Pennywise I'm getting balloons so
grandpa can float so let's get these
things filled up and we can find
something because I assume they don't
want us to do it you know what so they
have this whole balloon filling station
I can't imagine this is for us to do
yeah most likely not like why would they
do that why is there nobody here they
wouldn't want us to write okay so we got
red balloons we're gonna go find
somebody what is this one you got away
your flowers flowers by the pound or
something can I get two pounds on roses
okay good news guys we found somebody to
help with balloon we found for me they
way the balloon that is so much easier
just doing a price per balloon yeah I
spent per balloon or like not like
ounces you're doing this we're getting
some balloons folks so we can float stop
it
the air virgin
our balloons so excited
got our balloons now we need our
Pennywise mask oh my god this is so cool
Michael it really is I love it
hopefully this is a blind driving virgin
hopefully we don't get it right guys if
you hear about a wreck with balloons
blowing all over the highway it was us
yeah probably us oh man you got this
you'll float too you'll float too you
flew too oh so this is what it looks
like behind me folks all of you can see
it we got a whole pile of balloons
impeding our vision to drive down the
street can you see no blinded you know
the dimmer stop in the car right now
I'll assume I told you guys that I was
gonna be going to grandpa's house today
you saw us go to the store and get
balloons
you heard my plans you knew we were
gonna do when I promised it and here we
are not going to Grandpa's Michael can't
keep his promises hey but it's not the
reason why he made me do look what you
stopped it we using this on for evil
guys I was supposed to go to grandpa's
house today but I can't because the it
the clown mask excuse me the penny wise
masters give me a lot of people are
they've not it the penny wise mask that
I ordered it's not here now granted I
ordered it yesterday
okay that's on me I should order a week
ago but I didn't know we were gonna be
doing a reaction
but still I paid one-day shipping and
then I like then and change it to
standard shipping you did not look what
you made me do often what you made me
Philip
I'll break the TV and go look what makes
it look what you made me do hot fist
using the songs against me guys my mask
came here which means I can't do the
video and I apologize you guys we are
gonna go tomorrow assuming it gets here
it should be here by it has to be here
by tonight by 10:00 so st. make a noise
for oh no that's not good what oh no
what are they doing our pipes are
cracking what the pipes are cracking
what do we do dude I don't know what do
you mean I don't call a plumber or
something like why you maybe why are the
pipes making the noise because the dry I
mean the washing machines on dishwashers
on I knew that actually I'm in the
process of cleaning could you stop
you're kind of in my way okay I'm going
to the other room the mask isn't here
folks and it's to a point
where'd you come from it's time for us
to get our balloons you guys we are
definitely not going to Grandpa's to do
that the clown video get out of there
there are bugs everywhere there's spider
heaven to get on these wings going in
get in the house
well when to the car and got the
balloons test folks we're not doing the
video Bridget we need a place to put
these so the dogs don't destroy them and
Felix doesn't destroy them we have
decided to leave the balloons in our
bathroom hopefully the mass comes soon
and I can do a little sketch with them
look what came in the mail I'm gonna try
secure Michael with it right now
Michael Michael Felix popped all the
balloons he popped all the balloons yes
see yeah okay where did it come here
dear this is these scary is mask I've
seen a very long time
Bridget it's freaking huge how could you
decide I don't want to put it on right
now I'll put on for you no you're not no
you're not yep I'm ready for this guys
meet hey guys down here we fall we fall
we're all fucked okay I get it
oh you like it you're scary guys this is
me as you say I'm pretty excited for the
movie it yes we're gonna go just like
this I don't know what to make you feel
better
how about a balloon hmm we want to get a
thumbnail for the vlog right now you
guys cuz I am penny wise after all so
let's put this on I just want to say I'm
really happy you're not mad that I held
this mask for me to say hmm well I
decided to paint you instead you held it
yes so when did begin here you got here
like three what ya done the video I
needed to scare you I needed to do that
you know you gotta get prank back for
this no I don't but let's just getting
film now I'm pissed now I'm happy to say
I did the first scare prank of the year
your photos about you got it there's
there's one now oh this oh that's
actually really scary I don't like that
I don't do do you do
okay we got it
yes yes all right do something you need
to take me if I take the balloon why are
you so mad bro you good bro
you good why do you think I'm so glad I
don't know the answer why are you so mad
I'm looking a solo and I'm wearing a
Victorian sundress look I'd be upset too
if I was dressed like a clown and a
Victorian sundress look I would live I
want to live in the Sun oh there's so
much okay he is creepy isn't he he is
super creepy what would you do if you
saw this clown
Pennywise running after you okay so I
know it's penny wise you know it's penny
wise well if I know that it's penny wise
then I matter yeah you know what dude
this is gonna be like a game of Friday
the 13th where I fix the car and ditch
everybody else
I am not staying me right yeah if you
buy the car without facing oh my gosh
you know what
I would definitely fix the boat and
leave you what would you do if you know
no we'll say right now you're taking a
shower
let's don't Bridget you're taking a
shower and you're washing your body and
you look over those Pennywise at the
drain and he's like hey what a balloon
what do you do well I would do my
Cologne so I would violently crap my
pants
and I not wearing pants in shower I
would finally crap in the shower and die
which comes first the crap the cropping
so you're just like
yes yes you at that point doesn't even
want you anymore huh
nope what what Pennywise want me
anybody's like oh god she stinks
she stinks she all stacks and she's down
here well stick to not my finest kill
yeah
I think if Pennywise was here I would
probably do the same thing oh oh okay if
you use a combi type of way you are
you got a Friday the 13th bus tonight
already was saying it that's gonna give
a plan to our fans with the camera crew
guys we're still trying to think of what
kind of name to come up with I like the
camera crew oh the camera crew I love
playing with the camera crew guys we're
doing this outro let me know in the
comment section what would you do if you
saw penny wise obviously everyone would
do the same well crap let us know in the
comments well that's gonna be it for
today guys thanks for watching I had a
pretty good terrifying day yeah I was
not terrifying for me it was awesome
anyway you have something behind you
well so anyway guys I'm getting out of
here tomorrow we are uploading the angry
grandpa at the clown trailer reaction
and like I said smack the like button
and it might turn into a scare prank I
don't know you guys let me know if
that's what you want oh my gosh I'm like
grandpa here's a balloon anyway guys
we're getting out of here thanks for
watching great day like subscribe
everything and down here
