but what you made me do look what you
made me do look what you just made me
you look you just do what you
I can't think of a better way to wake up
in guys I can't think of a better way to
wake up into a tropical storm passing
over Somerville it's rainy the clouds
are dark it's gloomy
everything's depressing and I'm not even
being sarcastic I love this what's going
on you guys kid wearing the same shirt
with a cup month behind the camera here
yeah I really need to change this shirt
Bridget last not here and the reason
bridge West is not here is because she's
actually asleep right now we're gonna be
doing a proper intial in just a minute
but before we do I wanted to take a
minute to have a conversation about an
angry grandpa if you guys don't know
grandpa loves to live stream but twitch
has not been going that great for him
you know when he was doing twitch people
were donating money to him he was using
the money for like medicine and stuff
and all of a sudden people started doing
chargebacks on the money it was like
some dude named like the MS W he's not
the MS but he's like anyway he charged
back all the money and not only did
stream labs take back the money to give
it to him but they also charged dad to
take it back so the guy ripped off
grandpa so I'm trying to tell him to
stop using twitch and check out YouTube
live now I wanted to know your guys
opinions on that because YouTube live
has you know super comments and Kiki
actually go places and live swim so I
wanted to know what you guys think about
that J grandpa do live twit live
streaming on YouTube let me know in the
comments section the other thing I
wanted to talk to you guys about is my
friend Isaac if you go check out his
channel right now which it is in the
description below he is giving away a
console at 30,000 subscribers guys the
channel is below go give them a
subscription let's see if we can get
them there guys it's a console I might
enter myself I'm already subscribed I'm
gonna unsubscribe then resupply I can
win the cons not really guys go check
that out if you want to win the console
I'm just sitting here in this rain and
I'm sort of thinking about taking a
shower look at this
I could use it I told you guys I could
use a shower so that's what I'm doing
right now just bathing typical typical
stuff what was I thinking
sitting in this it's coming from my roof
it's water runoff this probably covered
in bird crap bugs words worse and I'm
still just I'm still sitting in it
I guess giving you my eyes I drunk a
pink eye in the morning it's disgusting
I'm just sitting in it it's guys I got
to go in and take a shower
grandpa's on his way right now but first
let me finish this shower why did I do
this by the way that's actually the
second time I filmed that little sketch
I did it it was like a minute and a half
long and that I looked and I forgot to
hit record on the camera so I had to go
sit in that sewage runoff coming from my
roof for like five minutes now my eyes
are burning I'm wondering if I got
something in it my dad's on the way over
I gotta go get clean
I've gotta go eat cleaned up
okay that's not
I thought grandpa was here but he's not
what is going on here okay what would
you do if you're sitting in school and
all of a sudden like this breaks down
like I'm the kid that's just like
welcome to our school she said like is
that what happens every day at lunch in
your school like okay I everyday I have
to be at the table like eating like I
hate the school they're dancing and you
know every day no not for me
is it just the students like other
teachers like oh not this again
please have a seat right or like all the
teachers joining in to like are you
trying to get lunch and lunch ladies
alike hey welcome to lunch would you
like that slice that cake okay too many
questions for that old Navy commercial
that I don't have answers to let's do
this intro what's going on you guys get
beyond the camera here but device here
right there and today is Tuesday
today is Tuesday you guys today
angry grandpa's on his way over here
right now I don't know what's going on I
hope we have an update on how him and
Jennifer Dylan I would love to know guys
if you didn't see yesterday's vlog
grandpa lost a bet which means he has to
do everything Jennifer says for an
entire month check this out you're ready
yeah this is the next month of your life
you shouldn't have bet on the wrong
horse
covered his lens jenny has some cover
the lens Cumberland dad I'm sorry not
sorry this is just how things work
oh yeah and if I would have lost the bet
you can bet your pump that I would be
over there right now working and doing
everything that he said would you know
I'd find a way out of it something cool
I would have to until I can find a way
out so anyway guys today is Tuesday and
today grandpa's coming over what oh my
god what are you
it's a grasshopper
yeah what was the one whose legs broken
or something I'm not killing that I
don't kill bugs so how do we get out of
the town I'm not grabbing the thing you
crazy I don't want to touch him you
gotta go what do you do what do we do I
don't know get it out of the house
find a way you find a way I'm not
dealing with bugs please help me find a
way a cup we have a shoebox or something
what do you think that I am Terminix a
freakin man
his first win was a felon when you got
it what joke no
Jinni driving you crazy I'm over here
Anna yeah I'm surprised guys so far boys
had me get her meds bring her water take
her meds
uh would you stand up I like to put it
on YouTube so ah my what had me guru
Stewart by her okay okay let's move on
I don't do that let me cut her meat for
Cooper watch your hair when you give me
a dude I think it you would anything
dude judge me I will play a game what
bill well listen everybody yesterday on
yesterday's what clicked like I asked
them if they wanted you to go watch it
in theaters oh man
well this is not what I has to click
like for I asked them to click like to
at least at the very least make you
watch the trailer for it
they got you a ride around do you don't
know what a trailer is yeah you play guy
marshal oh no I they called a trailer I
know that that's what I did not know
that yeah the movie trailer have you
ever seen the trailer yet no I ain't no
doctor no my life you've never said
you've seen previews for a movie like
this summer
oh yes be mad that's called a trailer
yes
I thought about thought I'll go look at
it okay hopefully anyway they all
clicked like for you to watch the
trailer so we're gonna do it Wednesday
okay anyway I want to show you something
now first of all we one day are gonna
have to get you to play Monopoly as a
matter of fact guys click like if you
want to anchor grandpa Monopoly game
they always end violent now you've got
to see this one I know dude guys grandpa
freaks out playing Monopoly I want you
to see this what I got for Bridget's
birthday I did not know what I was
getting myself into
what the devil is that that's been
topically that's rich people I that's
one man when you work in a bank and you
got you've got a lawyer here
Oh Sarah come on I can play Oh monopoly
why yes we will I'll bring the stakes
how are the children school come on man
rich people
I better every people table the
trailer-trash outlet you give me a
regular board thin board I'll play I
ain't there anything Z what's up
got drawers nothing how about go steal
money I mean I'm gonna get my either I
don't know dad I but I feel like a fool
you Oh
care is a game and then a little IQ
together
I know it's obvious leave it all in the
name of it even makes me feel pretend
just leave this I know
well I'll do what I will bring the
stakes and you get ask me how the
children are doing in school yeah no we
won't play this version I will play a
regular Monopoly with you know I did
version I get really quick guys real
problem he's been doing this all freakin
day
I'm trying to find out you've hidden
messages in the dreams one part and
nobody trust me I'll be the action what
you've made me do - maybe oh but what
you made me do
look what you made me do look what you
just made me you just do what you're
going stop recording this no no you have
a problem and I'm adjusting it unball do
you want from me I want you to stop stop
what you making me hate the song even
saying that so much Bridget I love it
hey don't Karen sorry she's your record
I'm about a minute oh my finger yes why
what's wrong with your singing why don't
you want everyone to see it I don't know
what is wrong with it
have you ever heard yourself singing
with earphones sometimes we recorded me
working out and I was seeing around here
yeah fine I'll do without it ooh but
what you made me do hey what are you
okay I'm embarrass my boyfriend
Bridget pill are you I'm the number one
swifty that's what I am yeah well is
tatsu gonna be oh I don't need it
I've already got a snake some double
meaning Harry Potter Taylor Swift now
actually think that sir very unrelated
the snake snake Harry Potter Taylor
Swift all right you okay but you're
freaking her out she's probably pissed
off did you turned off Taylor Swift
she's gonna hear it okay yeah you
haven't been seeing buzz inside you
don't see why you're really doing this
okay what you want to play Jason I'm
using the headphone for the ps4 to
listen to Taylor Swift and you're mad
about your own headphones we wouldn't
bought you a head here it's even open
you made a big deal about it I hate that
I changed my mind I want those ones so
we just throw away $24 we just flush
running down toilets in this house it
does it doesn't hurt to have a second
pair okay
okay I'm trying to listen Taylor okay
okay first of all I got headphones so
you can hear it I hear you hon you're
worried about what you make me do first
of all cause of turn enough stuff in
that video and I'm trying to show you
you don't care I do care number one is
stop talking I'm talking at them now
those fifties guys there is so much you
breathing too heavy
there's so much symbolism in this video
you wouldn't believe it
I won't watch you don't care I won't win
to the video you guys Taylor Swift is
wearing a big giant diamond ring that
looks exactly like the diamond ring that
Kim Kardashian
I read every review of the song nobody
else knew I was the only one that caught
on to this one you're sick why you
saying you've lost it
where is my boyfriend he's right here
and he's the biggest Taylor Swift fan
there is Taylor okay why do you go marry
Taylor Swift it wasn't yet really good
why can't I just love somebody like okay
we're all all right now the honest huge
Taylor Swift fan right I like her too
but you're making me start behavior no I
am NOT
that's just jealousy girls get jealous
of Taylor Swift because I like her I
guess I don't know Bridget I love to
looks with you I go to she's a brilliant
lyricist okay yes she's brilliant I get
it oh look what you made me do okay guys
okay I'm done I at least I gave a Taylor
Swift reaction okay you happy with that
Michael yes chill I'm sorry I'm sorry
too I'll slow down listening to it I
thought you loved it as much as me
listening to you scream scream and sing
that's what I'm doing all that I'll do
it I'll trust nobody and nobody trusts
me is that better a little better I'll
be the actress starring in your bad
dream Michael you're not gonna be an
actress starring in anybody's bad dream
okay this is bull man
maybe I have got a little Taylor Swift
crazy you guys I'm ignoring her over
there I don't know how many of you guys
are big Taylor Swift fans like I am but
look I used to hate Taylor Swift okay I
used to hate her like oh my god you
belong with me but I don't think so okay
number one no number two hell no but
then I started to be like okay she's
good but she don't light a roll music
and then I was like okay she does okay
she's good you're going crazy Bridget
I'm explaining why I like Taylor Swift
and apologizing for going crazy okay I'm
sorry for running the song pullet like
playing it out yeah you know
forty million views she got over night
probably no it's not yes no bridge Luka
she can't even look me in the face you
guys she's too busy paying us into this
okay I'm sorry that have been playing
out the Taylor Swift song we're doing
the out true here in just a second
I'm sorry I really like the song it's a
great song it's just a great girl but
chill out okay jealous come on
yeah I don't think that no okay do you
still want this birthday cake yes okay
oh look what you made me do
that's what you made me yes maybe you
just make me do he might go if you want
your wrestlers what my refworks yeah
yeah ok cool cuz i toss them out the
window what look what you made me do
okay let's calm down now so did you get
the update yep we make sure oh look what
you're making me do look what you're
gonna make me do okay I don't trust
nobody and nobody trust me I'm gonna be
the one to do it Friday the 13th
Michael you will regret that I did you
we do the outro please didn't stop
pranking each other
I didn't mean to delete it well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching I really wanted to keep it
a secret how much I love Taylor Swift I
wonder I look I told everybody I loved
her but I want them to know that I sing
and dance to her okay that I wanted to
keep on the down-low yeah I'd be a
little I'm not embarrassed good don't be
embarrassed I'm not good she's supremely
talented I know I'm not saying otherwise
keep one she's gonna make a diss track
about you you're gonna be the next snake
anyway guys I'm getting out of here
thanks for watching pretty good day it
was really good day it's been a really
good day I mean aside from my ear pain
and my heart pain I'm getting out of
here thanks for watching like oh by the
way I saw somebody standing over you
last night once we are sleeping what I
was like a shadow figure don't stop what
like why do you baby
this isn't you're using the song for
evil I don't like it it's enough guys
like subscribe favorite hold everything
for us that's it
I love you guys so much
and Michael I know my
you
