if I'm right and Floyd Mayweather wins
you're Jennifer Wow you wait on Jennifer
handed but for a month what's going on
you guys could be on a camera here
Brigitte West not here she's asleep I'm
outside right now you guys Bridget
West's asleep we're gonna be doing an
intro in just a minute you guys but
before we do I wanted to take a minute
to talk about there's a bird flying over
me I got scared I want to talk about
yesterday's vlog because me and grandpa
made a bet
Floyd Mayweather vs Conor McGregor
grandpa thought Conor McGregor was gonna
beat Floyd Mayweather I said the
opposite and well as you all know by now
I won the bet which means dad has to
wait on Jennifer hand and foot for a
month this is gonna be fun dad today I
have the unfortunate responsibility to
let you know that you lost a bet that
Conor McGregor did not be void
Mayweather and that you have to wait on
Jennifer hand and foot hmm I don't
relish this opportunity but I love it I
do I love it dad you lost a bet what's
going on you guys my hair is getting
dramatically worse you have to let me
cut it soon I just can't
but you know it's gonna be like cold
soon you - Oh keep it almost always like
beast less handsome Beauty and the Beast
guys what's going on you guys get me out
of camera here vigil is here and she
just crawled out of bed she you know I
woke up before Michael today guys ya
know proud of you anyway god I'm not I'm
okay I took I am I'm sorry for saying
that guys today what is today today is
Monday Monday
I keep you know I guess I told you when
you start filming a day ahead
you really suck the lose track of what
day edit my face that I almost missed my
birthday over it anyways guys today is
Monday and today I get to tell Dad that
he lost the bet and that Floyd
Mayweather beat Conor McGregor oh my god
it's off excited I'm really excited dad
I hope you break something like that's
that's what I'm hoping for
didn't I be really mad of course he is
the thing is will he live up to his end
of the bat he's gotta he doesn't got to
do anything you know we didn't sign
contracts so on
he might get out of it guys let's get
this day started I know you don't we
bothering you this early in the morning
I'm just seeing how you doing Felix is
totally taking over this cubby this is
his now ain't it boy just figured out
show felis cuz you guys always say you
want to see him you never do so there he
is
what up PP my hair is totally out of
control you guys like Stu
oh my God look at my beard folks oh I am
gonna try to brush this and hopefully
not look so horrible this is man does
anybody ever see me brush my hair before
I don't even brush my hair so I don't
you know how no oh this is not the look
for Reid yeah I'm just like pumping it
upward oh no oh my god oh they blowing
on Wall Street
no let's try this again let's try it
down let's take these off all right
let's try rushing down
is this even how you brush hair I know
this was like a stupid question but I've
never cared before I hate it my hair is
all kinds of jacked up it's been hard
dealing with this haircut I didn't
realize how hard it was gonna be to get
a 330 pounds I was wrong I thought I was
gonna be a lot easier so I'm stuck like
this for a while folks this is my hair I
guess I should go to grandpa's house in
just a few minutes and let him know
about the back here on my mouth let's do
this I gotta save this in High City here
at grandpa's house right now you guys
finally we're here ready dinner and I
wanna show you a little bit of this
dedication for you folks
I brought my computer to render today's
vlog and upload the vlog that you saw
yesterday with the Domino's Pizza and
everything I need to upload that while
I'm here so I brought a laptop you had
nothing to say I turn to that expecting
some sort of like responses hmm nothing
I'm just showing everybody how I brought
my computer so they can get the video
today well technically yesterday are you
a good boy can I get a pat on the head
that's only we don't feel happy about it
you don't wag your tail how about I open
that fight last night what how about
that fight last night what about it no
one you lost
you totally lost I did not I think
Mayweather
my computers right here dad matter of
fact it's rendering the scene right now
we made the bet how did you do that in
you yes fate news okay no I don't think
so
give me one see you owe me a second
there's no
give me double moto he has less
experience one I do that yeah don't even
try this first yeah yeah he fight he
lost yes anyway well bring you all that
you make a bet if you're that confidence
make a bet okay if you're right and
congregate spoil your mother on you hand
and foot
you just you just said miss Jenny was a
month are you if I'm right and Floyd
Mayweather winning your Jennifer Wow you
wait on Jennifer hand and foot for a
month you have to give her this budget
and what do you want to drink Jenny go
to nursery she was a French boy yeah
your your minute sounds like he's trying
to get out of this bed sounds like throw
it at me just go get her teeth you lost
the bat you had to wait on her hand and
foot for a month
ain't helping you
Lauren has our back you do what are you
Dave doesn't get paid pay me
is it weird that we're seeing Lauren in
the daylight I feel like we only see her
at night anymore huh yeah we haven't
seen her this compete ing you over a
drink
grandpa's getting the bat oh Jenny you
got this for month do you know about
this no D are you happy I'm excited
about your phone so if you want to
record little things with dad for your
channel doing stuff for you poured a
glass of tea right now I'll do it into
this make sure you don't see dad after
you pour tea looked at a bucket of
chicken to see what it was was he
hunching over for I don't know we're
watching him howl you think I saw the
dad like really you're ready dad this is
the next month of your life you
shouldn't have bet on the wrong horse
cover his lens jenny has some cover the
lens Cumberland happy birthday to you
happy birthday
that's my audition for opera all right
dad
peace yeah OpenEdge here here yeah okay
yeah I'll cut princess in half is that a
threat huh it's whatever you want it to
be Grampa sighs piece of cake
yeah dog which piece you looking for a
piece a piece in our pool Warren Oh
briefest Oh thin Warren can't have cake
cake cake so you don't want you really
don't a piece are you guys cake
everybody has cake we're having a good
time happy birthday Bridget it's
birthday month
what kinda Metis said peace oh gee no
Congress okay Michael okay what about
Johnny he said a lot of these Oh
everybody's got tank it was an accident
that was no accident
how wasn't it I was trying to get a wily
woman have no thief that is not twice
not sure those totally an accident
oh man oh my god I was trying to take my
computer and the cake whoo
this mission II it was me it's Jenny no
it was in why are we gonna do this this
sucks
I'm sorry
oh well then walk in there's cupcakes
Jennifer come here please can you help
me clean this oh god what i max we're
gonna help me clean because there's a
big mess dad what Instant Karma right
there know what he would be joined this
by Austin yeah you see him over there
pacing in anger hilarious the broom
you are ruining a broom I'm gonna have
fun okay he's gonna flip out let's cover
this lens I apologize we're on our way
home it's using finish cleaning this up
I'm sorry don't be sorry
that was enough cover the winds up dad :
take it that wait wait I need a
thumbnail he's about to flip well I need
a thumb now what do you want the
thumbnail of I don't know what the cake
but all right now that's probably good
this mouse goes down you get your
thumbnail wait she's messing with me I'm
so close with over here yeah trash don't
you eat stupid dad here
Houston's also I can be thrown the
garbage okay guys so Felix is really
confused right now
Oh Michel used to come look at this
yeah there's like a bag over his head
and I want to help him but I want you to
see it first
oh I think I did it actually did he give
it I don't think so I think it still ha
no you let's try to help feel like I'm
trying to have your buddy well not if
you don't want us kitchen when everyone
else hello my gosh oh there he is
okay we're just trying to help buddy hey
Felix let me help ya come here let me
help you here boy hey go boy I got it
for ya you're good go back to hey it's
getting pretty late at night you guys
but I did something that I want to show
I did it for Bridget coz Bridget look
what you made me do look what you made
me you just made me you just made me ooh
I clean the kitchen hey guys this was
the result of hard work and
determination on my part
I was like you know what I need to clean
this kitchen and I need to do it for
Bridget and I was like I'm going to so
Bridget you're welcome I'm just kidding
Bridget cleans I don't trust nobody and
nobody trusts me
you guys can trust me when I said that I
cleaned
hey guys seriously it was her we're
doing the outro pretty soon guys we've
had a pretty good day but first British
plane Jason oh yeah and that's gonna be
like for the next like nine hours so
yeah I'm in a really good mood tonight
you guys number one because the house is
clean number two and more importantly
the music video for look what you made
me do by Taylor Swift just came out and
guys I'm not embarrassed to admit that I
love Taylor Swift I am a big Taylor
Swift fan yeah guys he is beyond a huge
fan Taylor Swift like he's getting it's
out to next week I am I'm getting a
tattoo that says look what you made me
do
yeah like yeah like a tramp stamp also
was in the bag now I I just did this but
I guess is on the back yeah I'm getting
it right here and it says Swift yes
absolutely okay it's over yeah guys he's
ordering a blow-up dog - no I'm not even
joking with that one okay she's lying
do they make it we're doing the outro
here on just a second you guys but I
wanted to take a minute to ask you guys
to collect like for something number one
I need to sort of put it into context
yesterday at the end of the pizza video
grandpa said something pretty
interesting with me check this out hey
Michael
well let me go float what does that
usually what it is the clown float I'm a
big fan yet but I'll you know give me
words you'll put that's something going
up surrounding friend actually no it's
not you upload I'm sorry look I can only
imagine go float is talking about the
movie it it has to be but as I'm aware
at least then I think grandpa has not
seen the trailer for it so maybe we
should show it to him and maybe we
should try to talk him into going so
guys smack the like button if you want
an angry grandpa reaction video to the
it trailer I'll make him watch it I'll
sit him down I'll have a little red
balloon and I'll say dad let's watch the
trailer guys he has to be talking about
that when he told me to go for it that's
the only thing I could think of anyway
let me know
bridges planed well don't you have to
tell you what she's playing you just
know she's playing Friday 13 right now
you guys let's do this outro that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching remember smack the like
button if you want grandpa to watch the
it trailer I really want him to see it I
think he'll enjoy it I think it'll be a
lot of fun and no he definitely will not
enjoy it but he might he doesn't like
scary yeah but what what else to be
funny what else could he have been
talking about what he told me to go flow
he hadn't been talking about it he had
to it had to be what it is anyway uh
guys smack them like what if you want an
angry grandpa reaction to the it trailer
we're gonna do it if you haven't seen
the video we uploaded again yesterday
again I said again twice I'm sorry for
that guys you have seen the video we
uploaded grandpa destroyed pizza check
it out we're getting out of here like
subscribe favorite everything to us and
grandpa dad
I'm sorry for all the stuff did for us
come on
you
