a goo baby he go you don't feel too good
hold on let me get thumbnail let's let
it go a little bit I'm a little string
action Oh your Tumtum hurts baby cool
yeah feel better soon
what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here visualize here right now and
today is Sunday today or okay today a
Sunday but we're filming on Saturday we
need to just start saying the day today
is Sunday and tonight is Floyd
Mayweather and McGregor game yeah it's
Saturday
guys today is Saturday you're seeing it
on Sunday and if you didn't see
yesterday which was Friday
it was Bridges birthday it was a great
birthday happy birthday she had a really
good birthday you guys if you're
wondering what she got check this out
this this that oh and this pretty good
day pretty enjoyable birthday gifts
amazing birthday I kind of miss my
birthday never thought I'd say it well
who cares about your berkeley because
tonight is the pay-per-view of the
century oh my god I'm so excited screw
birthdays I'm really excited her
birthday's over tonight's MacGregor and
Mayweather no more intro going to
grandpa's house in just a second you
guys which means I need to take a shower
wait before I do that I need to do a
scene outside about what's happening
tonight is beautiful out here Bridgette
it's a beautiful morning
it's a beautiful morning I hear you guys
before we head over to Grandpa's house
so we're gonna take a minute to talk
about tonight because it's going down of
course by the time you see this vlog
it's already went down tonight is Colin
McGregor vs. Floyd Mayweather and I want
to just go ahead and throw our
prediction out there right now Floyd
Mayweather is gonna be Conor McGregor no
doubt about it I'm not taking anything
away from Conor McGregor oh I know Conor
McGregor is a supreme fire it's just
Floyd Mayweather is a different class of
boxer and a lot of people are gonna crap
on that you know and hey I'm one of them
his fight with Manny Pacquiao was a
disaster okay
awful however I think Conor McGregor has
the ability to make Floyd Mayweather box
and if you make Floyd Mayweather box boy
mayweather might knock you out okay
like usually he's able to run I don't
think Conor McGregor's going to let him
run
so tonight McGregor Mayweather I can't
wait my predictions Mayweather but I
think it's gonna be a good fight out the
way because I believe Conor McGregor has
the I think it a good a distance I think
I'm gonna go out 12 rounds I think it's
gonna go to a decision and I think the
decisions going to Mayweather but anyway
that's tonight we're going to grandpa's
house in just a second you guys man what
are we doing over there I don't know
let's order pizza okay we never like do
anything yeah I want pizza I'm good with
that pizza at grandpa's house we're from
stoners pizza
okay - yeah we're at Grandpa's house
right now you guys if you haven't seen
the main Channel video go check it out
and go grandpa flipped out and destroy
this who did this
yeah yeah why because I didn't order the
workers oh did you get it oh my gosh I'm
really closer to smash and I coca-cola
up and you just chill is your dad really
going yeah you went fishing good he had
enough yes I knew but I didn't even if I
were no you would do this I would have
gotten the works I got social works one
how excited handles are the cam your
name you come close my hands and a and a
horseshoe and still win thanks Lauren
yeah you tell people how long you look
insanely paper but I saw it yeah she's
she's shaking pain she does way too much
what Shay please you you everybody take
care of me I do not or do e G
you my best friend tell me now how much
they'll pay Lauren wheat state do this a
week about 200 a week away
yep 200 right Lauren you got a baby rip
Arthur a broken ps4 into the couch we
don't want to go there we're just
getting something we get out of here
you want me out so bad though this is
crazy because you want a Domino's you
wanted that one I know Domino's is the
usually disgusting Haley he got up read
it I'm not maybe you could see the
guards use pizza he messed around one
day it's gonna happen oh I will give you
a garbage pizza
I make no promise soon this year grandpa
eats garbage pizza what are you doing to
do that virgin grandpa is garbage pizza
what boys birthday oh my god it's a joke
totally a joke
I'm gonna give you garbage pizza never
gonna get him garbage juice top boy what
up yeah what about him look you're
smearing it into the floor stop that big
impression
he'd get your attraction dead
you never have any attraction how you
talking you my sponsor party so that I
think you're the spy would want your mom
who does this because I didn't go what
they wanted
you're the baby breath yeah Lauren needs
to change your diaper
how did you you laid a little icky baby
sick I mean no need tonight have you a
give me to work
you feel me princess I called you back
you were asleep
yeah there get anywhere I'll call you at
9:15 but she still had my game genuine
right where you thought I remember okay
I know surprise with little baby yeah
echo baby he go you don't feel too good
hold on me your thumbnail let's let it
go a little bit I'm a little string
action
Oh your Tumtum hurts baby go yeah
feel better soon Oh chill can't even pop
the balloon
yeah you're dragging the bullard with
you what's gonna fine you dragon temple
it on your chair other side I told you
it's a feel better soon bullet hurt
forget about the peace don't talk about
something different
his nap time no can we talk okay tonight
is Mayweather and McGregor you're all
pissing me off today just let me do my
thing
who Dee's didn't you tell me you think
Conor McGregor's gonna win yeah
there's no way that's happened oh he's
strong he's younger he's kept me got
more moto he has less experience that
was big that's why I think he's gonna
lose first time in the ring one jockey
man he's s experienced
Brock was the losses first MMA fight
nobody won is first
yeah yeah when it says UFC fight he lost
I guess
anyway look forget all that you make a
bet if you're that confident let's make
a bet okay if you're right and Conor
McGregor beats Floyd Mayweather
I will wait on you hand and foot he's
got a bet from all for two days it'll be
for a month
what are you in if I'm right and Floyd
Mayweather wins I'll do anything you
want Jennifer why you wait on Jennifer
hand and foot for a month no no see
you're not confident he's I knew it well
pretty good shot of this oh did I know
you on the win okay hand and foot guys
by now you already know who won so
tomorrow's blog will have the answer
sitting here watching the Mayweather
McGregor pay-per-view now you guys
but sitting at home for a little while
it's actually really dark by now so my
apologies were not recording I want to
make sure that I get this on film when I
beat grandpa this back cuz dad I'm gonna
beat you and let me turn this down I
don't want to distract you guys guys I'm
beatin grandpa on this bet absolutely no
doubt about it he could not be more
wrong about his assessment of the
fighter of the situation dad you're
wrong
I've won the bet I've won the bet
already okay I'm gonna win the bet now
you gotta get ready to start taking care
of Jennifer and if I do lose well I
don't want to know what that means if I
have to move in if I get away don't grab
my hand the foot does that mean I'm
moving in I'm not even thinking about it
dad
I'm gonna beat you in this bet okay hold
on one second you guys javante davis is
walking to the ring right now and he
decided to dress like an abominable
snowman or grimace or just something
that you would see at like an amusement
park what are you wearing bro what he
was like this guy went to whoever made
that for him and it was like he ever
been to McDonald's you know grimace yeah
I want that sissy why he going to the
fight looking like the one-eyed
one-horned flied purple people eater
what is he doing this was actually a
pretty good fight you guys the other
fights have been really boring it
reminded me why MMA is so much better
than boxing and why I don't know why I
paid $100 for this the spectacle got me
but I am excited to watch just so I can
be grandpa on this bet
but yeah boxing is really boring no
offense to those of you that like boxing
or our boxing and I'm not trying to
disrespect them as athletes I couldn't
be a boxer okay I'm a big fat like you
know I couldn't be a boxer but it's
still it's boring I much prefer MMA just
look over a bell and she's just chilling
you want to make Mayweather McGregor
with a girl I know quad ain't watching
he do another right guard you care at
all
now your feelings you might not destroy
him at hey Felix could you stop you
don't care at all
Felix please stop B please stop it Felix
doesn't care about anybody but himself
Oh guys it's been forever with the
fights finally starting bye dude guys
apparently there's some sort of delay on
Showtime so like we've been waiting for
like 45 minutes that's the last bite
just fight already
look at his Bridget look at that no I
don't wonder water yeah want some water
give me water guys is actually a really
good fight so far ninth round is not
going well for Conor oh god no five
seconds dude this is wow what a round
guys whoa he is hurt that
Oh guys I can't show it but it was it
was actually people dad looks like I'm
gonna win that bat it is official you
guys grandpa will not have to wait on
Jennifer hand and put it I love it
dad you're in for it
that's what you like to see right there
that is awesome
sportsmanship man
it's kind of hard to be upset when
you're Conor McGregor well you just made
one hundred million dollars right I will
I will let floyd mayweather cut both of
my arms off for a hundred million
dollars buta like i wouldn't get enough
go for honeymoon dolls you wouldn't I
would I were there to run me over with
his car
backup run me over again I got a 50-50
chance to survive in it and then I got
100 million dollars well that's gonna be
a pretty day you guys thanks for
watching
bridget is actually not in this outro
because she is asleep I don't want to
wake her up for this
I stayed up pretty late after the Conor
McGregor fight just to like check out
stuff on the internet and think about
how I'm gonna tell grandpa that I lost a
bet because guys he lost the bet you say
Conor McGregor was gonna win I told you
Floyd Mayweather was gonna win you were
wrong I win you're gonna have to do
everything Jennifer it says so anyway
guys I'm gonna get out of here Bridget I
love you start doing the outro without
you but you know not gonna wait game for
this I mean first of all I know how you
are and you wake up you don't want to be
woken up so anyway guys how many of you
daddy here thanks for watching remember
if you didn't see the main channel we
uploaded earlier where grandpa flipped
out over pizza check it out the link is
below it's gonna be over here in the
second at the end of the video guys
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite
you
