guys in our whole relationship I've
never actually written our handwritten
letter we've always talked about it I
never do it
what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera right there and the reason this
vlog is starting up without Bridget in
the intro is because it's her birthday
and we got some stuff to do before we
wake her up
number one flowers number two presents
number three eat all the desserts Cindy
brought before she wakes up sound good
we're just gonna happen now okay we
brought this thing back out looks good
don't figure out a place to put it Cindy
I like it guys
let's go wake Bridgette up first let's
get these flowers taken care of
so I just got Bridget's flowers in the
mail and right here when you order for
100 flowers they have a thing that says
a message for you oh it's a message for
you so I'm like I don't recall leaving a
message okay I don't do that kind of
thing so I pull it out and it says no
card message way to hurt their feelings
right so he left me a message no he
didn't actually
thanks a lot 1-800 flowers you almost
put me in the doghouse
not quite I got two before she could
1-800 flowers really pack these up
haphazardly doesn't make ya like falling
off hard you know I ordered these
expensive flowers but one of them
frickin broke hey thanks a lot 100
flowers that's like a $40 Rose right
here so I guess I could break it oh god
damn thorns they're very unique flowers
look at this these are really cool folks
are like dyed flowers or something you
need to see the dye like inside it if it
won't clear up anyway perfectly cut
flower I messed up the last one so I'm
gonna let Cindy handle this I really
yeah he's fall apart you better find a
new one quick
but like before she wakes up quick see
this is why I'd rather go through a
florist than the website usually did
well you a florist bring it to you
shipping see here they are folks
Bridget's birthday flowers look good I
couldn't have done this
thank God Cindy was here guys here are
all her presents oh let's put those
right there
happy birthday Bridget and Cindy brought
dessert
oh yeah they're dirt this is like cream
cheese and pudding and Oreos and just
overall perfection just go ahead scream
her name or something what should we do
Bridget Bridget wha hey wake up birthday
girl here's a flower for you to wake up
to just like the good old days and then
she's gonna be like just like you
remember
bridgie used to tell me how her mom
would wake her up and bridge would just
go volatile right yeah like I gotta send
to myself and pocalypse she would freak
out row and I'm sure she's nothing to me
before my bridge you've got to go I'm
sorry Brian
crazy right Cindy Bella's gone nuts
happy birthday wake up it's been about
20 minutes since we tried to wake
Bridget up you guys we laughed ah she
was taking a shower and we came back and
she is still in bed do did you think she
was showering but steady I thought
should be ready by now we're like okay
she was like I need take a shit
like okay let's give her some privacy we
come back and she's just asleep still
she said noon so you you had no
intentions of waking up at all she was
like drop your crap off and go that's
what it was
I don't think so we're staying here till
she wakes up ready Cindy great happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
don't cut your finger on the thorns on
this flower like I did happy birthday to
you
and a flower it's another one it's not
the same one that you that's missing
from their smells the same I'm at
Bella's getting some Lebanon oh no hi
Bella there's plenty of Cindy to go
around see we're getting ready to open
some presents you guys I want to show
you how beautiful the weather is for
bridges birthday oh my goodness it's a
beautiful morning it's raining Oh
bridges birthday which means it's gonna
be more depressing for her she's gonna
use it as an excuse to be extra
depressed today yeah it's a good day
forget the rain
you're like a little baby okay you're
not that you're happy today let's go put
some presents
where's with your mom and interrupting
like but she's just a very impatient you
know I'm covering going alright you guys
it is time for pretty spot open Oh whole
bunches of Rick and Morty Show noise
that is so cool I don't know if you guys
know that we love Rick and Morty oh yeah
pickle Rack is awesome that is awesome
like this one not you like this one
your wrapping is so cute oh my god all
the future Ramos guys they took feature
rama off Netflix and fringe it was like
no so I was like we get it yeah awesome
I know your daughter Cindy oh my god
what do you think oh my god love it yes
we can really put it up on a tree it's
it I was think we can really hang this
in our yard somewhere definitely oh my
god what's missing phew it
oh come here mom we're just got a
Lucille this is homemade oh that is real
barbed wire this is real money oh this
this is very dangerous oh yeah this
thing is Lucille your mom actually
thought of a really good place to put
this where let's check this out oh my
gosh oh yes I win birthday yes the
coolest oh good so guys if you break
into our house and you get past this
we've got double security with a barbed
wire back covered in blood
oh my gosh holy crap oh my god it's so
cool it's the last gift I hope bridges
birthday wasn't disappointing oh yeah
totally disappointing I've never read
her a letter before
read it
don't cry it's a letter it's a poem so
if you guys want to read it there it is
you like it guys in our whole
relationship I've never actually written
our handwritten letter we've always
talked about it I never do it well happy
birthday so we just found a place to
hang the letter that I wrote Bridget and
if you can't read my handwriting I'll
just read it it says you're my best
friend my other half the only one that
makes me laugh sometimes we fight and
then get mad but truth be told you all I
have I mean it see this life we have is
ours alone so when Blanks bad ad
pocalypse so wind blinks bad I know that
I'll be by your side and that you'll
always have my back I love you smile
don't be sad I'll always try to make you
laugh forever here and that's a fact I
can't imagine how I'd act without you
how you make without you how you call me
back on path when things are turning
black the times I fight at nights and
mad at stuff between myself and dad
you're always here so here's my pack
girl with me I'll do it back I love it
alright Doug Cindy is here and she has
something that she wants to say to you
last week you had a whole lot of stuff
you wanted to say about Cindy I think
the time for talking is over Lucille is
thirsty right now I am making Bridget's
cake which is yellow cake with chocolate
icing she's over there playing Friday
the 13th you guys it has been a really
good birthday we went out had a little
bit of dinner we didn't bring the camera
you know had a little bit of private
intimate
now she's back she's plaintiff ID the
13th I'm gonna be playing with her in a
minute first cake is really hard to ice
a cake with one hand oh you're
dangerously close to falling buddy oh
okay
I gotta do this I just finished bridges
hey you didn't see anything
I just finished bridges cake here we go
boom
looking good cake looks delicious
this person I've ever made a cake you
guys so it to be horrible okay so I
can't get it out filming hold oh dude
are you serious
I'll just I'm mad
yeah I'm using a lighter with a pickle
on it happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
Bridget happy birthday to you you have
to make a wish eventually would you wish
for not telling you she wished for me to
act this nice every day I know her no
yeah you did I bet you really did well
happy birthday yeah Kate thank you you
got presents you sweet
you have a good birthday I did great
birthday well guys Blanche I thought of
hazel
no hey that's all right guys right now
Bridget is playing Friday the 13th as
you can see nobody is Tommy Jarvis watch
this okay something you made it up there
folks are you seeing this the ghost of
Tommy Jarvis is in this game dude keep
doing it it's like he's here the whole
time or something wait don't do it yet
oh my goodness
watch this even Jason wants to see this
see he missed it
what spectate from a distance that was
crazy
even Jason's like what that oh my god
guys nobody was Tommy Jarvis and Jason's
killing him good point out again so the
characters Bridgette oh my god
get up and show them look nobody was
Tommy folks what in the world I didn't
show all the presents but you got you
guys because there were so many but this
one I wanted to show it is a luxury
edition of Monopoly and look how big
this is like if I could get it lifted
you can see what it is
whoa look at this it is a gigantic game
of Monopoly you see this pellet can you
believe it like I feel like that's the
kind of game where I have to play it
like sophisticated look mmm
yes sipping tea yes I'll take boardwalk
okay you landed on my hotel anyway
monopoly isn't this crazy now I'm gonna
go show you guys Lucille this my friend
is Lucille and for those of you who
aren't aware Lucille is the bat from the
walking dead
that negan has now you guys this is not
the toy that the Walking Dead put out
The Walking Dead put out a replica as
they call it which is pretty much a
piece of crap toy right this was made on
Etsy by these guys the latest
description but if you want to check
them out they are truly fantastic this
is amazing this thing is real barbed
wire it's a real Louisville Slugger it
made to scale to be exactly the back
from the walking dead
and it is terrifying I'm afraid even
having that is it getting stuck on me
I'm gonna put this thing away I just
want to show it up close so you guys can
get an idea of how insane this is how
much work truly went into it this thing
is wild
I think you stay away from this okay
that's a horrible dangerous baseball bat
and I see you staring at him
you just follow it like I want this I
want the giant dog but him you can't
have a buddy else no oh god please stay
away from this okay putting it up
bridges just gonna kill him Jason or
something okay no dogs allowed
come on let's go but one of the things
Bridgette really wanted for her birthday
was for her and I to place the Friday
the 13th together and that's what we're
doing it I'm actually already dead
though so I'm just sort of spectating I
wanted to take him in a prefer to the
outs where to make a message to
Bridgette I'm first of all I'm really
glad that he had a good birthday number
two just wants you to know how much I
appreciate you and how how much I love
you and respect you and she just knocked
Jason down and she's now tea bagging him
they're all they're all tea bagging
Bridgette I love you you're my best
friend I meant every word that I said in
that poem for you ha oh and Jason's
getting his revenge for the tea bagging
he shouldn't have done it it's all over
guys get me out here do the outro
Bridgette I love you I know I know you
don't like your birthday it's nobody
likes getting old I hate my birthday's
too but just still young he's still
beautiful
you're still vibrant I love you so much
guys give Bridget a follow on Twitter
and I just wanted to say thank you guys
for all the messages that you said to
Bridget and really really made her they
really brightened up her day so guys
thank you so much we're doing the outro
Bridget you're everything to me I love
you outro well that's gonna be up for
today you guys thanks for watching
Bridget hope you had a good birthday
it's been a really great birthday
have you been sad at all yeah
it's good he kind of made me not bad
that's what you do to me well except for
the letter well that's a different kind
of sad isn't it yes guys bridges
birthday is over no it isn't
I still got 10 minutes left a birthday
okay guys I'll be right back we're gonna
celebrate the class ten minutes she and
me panicked engine it's officially
midnight you guys now the vlogs over
that's gonna be it for today how was
your birthday it's been a really great
birthday guys I don't know if any of you
know this but we have a celebration
celebration what does word I'm thinking
of birthday cake no no no no something
people do is married a party no
tradition we have a tradition to let our
birthdays last the rest of the month
which for me is really great because my
birthday was in the second she's got
another five days of birthday leftie
guys yeah I got another five days of
birthday like we're getting out of here
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite someone everything but to us
and happy birthday thank you happy
birthday wait thank you guys so much for
all the love and support on my horrible
day horrible that was great
I was horrible a start it's great from
the start
no it was sad in my first book no right
in front of me
I still love you
