you want your surprise push guys all
right you guys tomorrow is Brady's
birthday
Oh God Brian for me
what's going on you guys helmet head
behind a camera here but look at my hair
man guys
Bridget doesn't want me to shave this
off okay I told you to clear God you
want grandpa to do it
she's saying that I shouldn't shave and
I should try to hang in there deal with
blinding headaches oh boy you mean feel
a sweating it's our I'm gonna stick with
it but it was so awful
no it's startin to grow out and looking
less like a helmet no extra helmet this
is double helmet anyway guys what's
going on you guys get me out of camera
here for two I see you right there
today is my pre birthday guys today is
Friday which means today is Bridget's
birthday leave in the comments section a
whole bunch of birthday messages however
we're filming this on Thursday so it's
not really your birthday yeah but I get
two birthdays you've had birthday month
okay anyway guys I don't want to keep
this going on any further today is
Friday today is bridges birthday I'm not
cutting my hair oh I'm excited I'm
excited to see what it looks like over
the way there is a picture of us with
you having long hair so I'm wondering if
Oh grow that way god I'm covering the
lens can I cover the lens ever come on
big girl you get in here how you liking
it out there what is that oh my god bro
no way get away from me you were
absolutely terrifying I don't want to
scare you Bella but that spider means
business okay so we're stuck in the
house until it leaves you guys
understand this is code red until the
spiders gone we're all terrified here
before we go to Grandpa's house you guys
I wanted to take a minute to show you
keema stars new game because I'm in it
and Grandpa's in it guys the idea of the
game is called
ad pocalypse so this is what it looks
like the idea being was here you drag a
Ricky berwick into a Ricky Berwick and
you get this guy out for dude his name
is Chris something
drag those two together it would sound
like Andy Milonakis
and now I'm at the unlock animal not
cuss to advance another Andy Milonakis
guys it's really cool actually
so like I said I'm in it I don't know
when like this is coming out but this is
a beta version that he sent me to try
out so here it is ad pocalypse keemstar
this is awesome
I really appreciate you letting us be in
the game oh wait a minute
oh there we go Oh anything for views the
idea behind the game was to make as much
money as possible during the YouTube ad
pocalypse so you got to make bigger and
bigger youtubers and you yeah Andy
Milonakis and Andy Milonakis together
you might make a make jug and I guess
you had to make jug and I guess and you
might make you know a pic of it cuz I
should be before I after him not really
guys you play the game you unlock
characters it's awesome we are in target
right now because I got a little bit of
a birthday surprise for rigid what if
you're wondering what are we doing in
this section a new controller nope
Bridget has been wishing we could play
Friday the 13th together so we can
escape together we're gonna get a new
ps4 for the bedroom for you first
surprise excited oh yeah another piece
what I'm so excited
she's really guys ps4 police together
just like our real life calling the
police on each other hey that was like I
gotta find the report no guys don't dig
or not didn't happen the birthday
surprised us keep on rollin for Bridget
guys I got one more surprise for we're
gonna look at the wrestlers hey what a
birthday surprise I'm Bridget it doesn't
really feel like a birthday surprise for
me alright that way I'd never said it
was for you there's pickle boys birthday
surprise on bridges birthday wrestlers
wrestlers I was filming over there the
whole time
rest
you can put this on for your birthday
yes put this on for my birthday here we
go
oh look everybody I'm fat staying shut
uh Michael wait a minute uh ch worried
why if it's so easy for me to put it on
my face that means other people have had
it on theirs
huh which means Pullman kids who've had
their mouth uh right yeah probably over
here oh no oh you see something yeah
it's all dirty gross I'm so sorry
should give me this one there was no
mouth hole in it put this one on now oh
that's disgusting warrior I am a warrior
yeah you look like a cheap character in
a video game from like ps1 seriously if
you knew ps1 game that had graphics like
this we just left target you guys they
didn't have any video games that we
wanted to see so we got in our car and
we drove from here to here to go to game
time look I'll be honest the game system
was heavy that's the real reason we they
just walk to games up okay we're gonna
need to move from there to here either
way we're going in game stop so we were
looking at video games and Game Stop
right now I gotta be honest
is there anything to record in here no
however I did get a new headset she's
trading in that like gold ps4 headset
for this I don't get it I like simple
things I'm a simple girl okay guys
there's nothing to film here I'm
covering the lens we're going home I
don't want to act like I'm making fun of
the game or anything cuz it's got a high
price tag on it so it's got to be
popular but what exactly do you do in
farming simulator 15 first of all they
means there's 14 others I feel like my
dad would love a game like that
farming simulator we just like plant
crops I'm like a farmer possibly yeah
farming am I really about to buy farming
simulator I think you might hate me like
I've got a know the nature of this
Michael's dream is to be a farmer the
right of music before it kids all
discovered loins
I actually decided to put the farming
simulator game up you guys I don't want
to disrespect anybody but I didn't want
to get it because boom bigger 17 yep 17
farming simulator 17 with real er
looking tractors
I guess the corn is more realistic than
around guys yeah it's probably like
actual corn instead of like yellow blobs
how do you know look like yellow bumps
before it could look HD Rio I doubt it
guys I'm starting my own farm you too
okay oh sure
oh crap
we got it we got to get to the car stat
let's go
I'm very dangerously close to being
bathed didn't like yeah me too I've been
collecting this crud uh me for long
enough yeah me too
we got out of there just in time you
guys as you can see it is pouring down
rain and would even go to Burger King
oh no no Burger King I'm only let me
roll this up get up
we're on our way to grandpa's house
right now you guys continuing bridges
birthday celebration even though
technically your birthday's tomorrow it
is tomorrow but you can celebrate now
KFC you want KFC Kentucky Fried Chicken
guys I can't show it she's talking about
the license plate in front of us does
KFC and I can't show the license plate
so the whole scene is like blown we're
going we're going to Grandpa's house now
I can't talk we're going to Grandpa's
house dad see you in a minute
I know it's my birthday so tomorrow is a
very special day just Friday see I knew
he didn't know I was testing you I knew
he didn't know Ronnie yeah you know what
else that means the booze boys ain't
gonna hang I got get a bit of Mormon
sorry I give thumbs up yeah what else
does it mean come on down what is
tomorrow it's brain what is tomorrow
I don't you really don't know what's so
special about tomorrow
you want your surprise let's cry all
right you guys tomorrow is
bang oh god I think you gotta get a
bride for me what do you want me to
celebrate
wait bipedalism yeah that'd be nice as a
start we don't celebrate grandpa's
birthday we're gonna hear about it till
next October Bridget I'm so glad you you
you you ever birthday thank you I'm
still I be Michael cares about my
birthday hey with care you're releasing
cake at least shit okay so for Bridget
birthday you're gonna bake yourself
Akane all right see let us do something
like that for his birthday I think I
think we should sing good idea March
2018 leavin bridges leaving yeah your
house to celebrate her birthday
however what she's leaving to come here
I don't think so guys grandpa's old
bridge's surprise party so you're now
you're finding out you are you feel bad
why cuz I told you guys last week I was
gonna make her okay when you guys well
she kind of can't make city caught on
fire don't worry about it you're burned
enough she did that old counter bad I
don't know what he's saying huh she did
it cuz there's a birthday she ordered
occasions burnt out
Oh Lauren do you think I serve no
birthday what did you say you mumble
you're totally clear - so you're
generally garbage on you guys you go
every what a two-bit is prostitution
yeah they used to call a mini a bit so a
two-bit prostitute is a prostitute that
costs two bits to panic you ain't even a
to good bit maybe yo you better about
David Duke we're talking about me
cowardice lens look Bridget grandpa made
what you want for dinner tomorrow night
I think I wanna try it
Grampa made meatballs oh my god you okay
what
fuck organs of money know what he said
it's the worst meatballs ever I did not
say that my throat is burning it was so
hot I swallowed me pehoe I'm pretty sure
it's in my pancreas burning a hole
through it go get something to drink
oh that's hot you need something to
drink
what happened here Holly Bartlett he
burned it so you burning this together
what nothing bro he did guys I walked in
there and he housing a pot going with
water to clean off the Bourbon for the
body guys would you would you burn the
sauce of the meatballs or both before I
threw it out makes more anybody see
another sauce out I'm not saying away it
was delicious she Michael said they were
the worst me call us everybody
what is this family photo oh I made blue
des he made a family photo
oh so show me everybody so that's you
Bridget
Johnny Josh meet Kimmie Norman's mom it
donkeys pop James Jamie and the doggies
okay here's something kind of
interesting
Lauren is that your screen name all of
us names except Lauren Mike Bridget
Johnny me Jimmy Jamie mom pop-up Lord
his screen name hugs
oh thanks for doing that are we gonna
put it on the fridge hmm let's go do it
I'll walk with Jacob and then put it on
the fridge
oh you got it up a Breaking Bad magnet
well thank you very much Jacob didn't
want to cover the lens we are finally
home you guys it's time to put on this
PlayStation 4 we have been everywhere
today we went to Grandpa's we went to
Target we went to gamestop we went to
the store guys I've been everywhere man
I've been everywhere man trouble I've
had my share man laughing everywhere and
I realized that I didn't say the real
lyrics cuz I just now like trouble ugh
low anyway guys man would you look at
the sky
why weren't you like this don't eclipse
oh dude I gotta get down here and look
at this oh man I don't know if it's
beautiful or terrifying Wow I guess it
kind of was like this during the Eclipse
just not this beautiful this is being
the scares me too this isn't a hurricane
or something like whenever you're
looking at like the Doppler radar or
like when it shows like the sky or like
what it shows like a hurricane oh that's
what it looks like wow this is - it's
gee it almost it doesn't look real it so
blue anyway I just try to record me with
the sky behind me and it probably
doesn't even look good and they're
probably like darkens might look it is
what it is I wanted to film in in just a
second we're gonna install that ps4 I
don't know why I say install all you do
is plug it in that's installation anyway
let's hook up this ps4 that's guys
beautiful this boy
here it is folks this is the ps4 pro
looking good
you got a terabyte you excited watch TV
at night Bella this is so awesome I know
I'm so excited in this boy we are good
guys right now we're on step 1 updating
the system so I can't say this updating
the system stop whatever spin the camera
step 2 it's signing up for PlayStation
Plus why why is joking Enza we don't
don't cover hey fix that she's messed it
all up
okay and what you do alright step 3
sitting here you guys chill with Clyde
yeah I've known about you watching TV
I'm downloading Friday the 13th for the
PlayStation 4 but it's gonna take a long
time you guys so I'm not playing it
tonight
excuse me Bridget I'm sorry I'm not
gonna be able to play with you tonight
on the game but tomorrow night
happy birthday sweetie okay now go back
watching TV hey Clyde I don't gonna spin
the camera no more and that cool that
cool quiet you know it is officially
Bridges birthday in the next five
minutes so I am gonna make sure that I
am there to say happy birthday right
when they head to midnight Bridget I
know you hate birthdays but I don't care
okay to you happy birthday to you
ooh happy birthday dear Bridget in a
couple more guys
Bridget hates birthdays we tried to do
this on Friday the 13th you want a chill
count you want to chill him so yeah we
wanted you I'm gonna go ahead and plug
this headset in so we can hear and stop
talking I'm a bad person okay okay now
that we've mute Kim successful we wanted
to do one on Friday the 13th
but anyway happy birthday love you yeah
tomorrow you get prizes she's singing
over here oh yeah you're the head said
nobody can hear you anymore guys it's
officially business birthday tomorrow's
blog will actually be her birthday blog
with presents and cake okay and cake do
I get a repeat cake
I'm really excited for cake cake Bridget
happy birthday I hope you're not sad
today because it's not a bad day not sad
yeah I was sad in the morning don't be
jel or Felix I'm officially old Oh chill
cover this lens well that's gonna be up
for today you guys thanks for watching
I am doing the outro without Bridget
what I'm doing the actual right now why
because clearly you're playing Friday
the 13th and I don't want to bother you
while you're doing in I'm frankly
surprised she's even responding to me
I'll be honest
usually she's totally despondent and
like hyper focused on Friday the 13th
and nothing that I'm saying hey guys I'm
getting out of here Bridget I love you
happy birthday
Yeah right and I'm talking to you hey
what did you think that was that was to
you I love you anyway guys that's gonna
be it for today Bridget happy birthday
her real birthday is tomorrow's blog you
guys but it's officially started now so
like subscribe favorite you guys see
this okay like everybody follow Bridget
on Twitter she needs a couple of
birthday follows tweet me if you do it
maybe I'll follow you back guys we're
getting out of here happy birthday
Bridget like subscribe yeah yeah Stewart
favorite she is like a robot right now
you guys she can't think for herself and
that's it
you
