I unfortunately have to address
something with you right now
one vlog it's very important what okay
guys if you didn't see the vlog do we
uploaded yesterday I found something in
the house that belongs to bridge what is
this
what's going on you guys Kip you had a
camera here right there
and today is thirst and today I'm gonna
be telling you guys a throwback Thursday
story about the worst haircut I ever got
damn it
okay I don't know what happened guys I'm
getting a haircut pretty soon because my
head sweats and I get headaches and then
celebration of that oh that's funny is
it yeah I'm not freaking out you guys
I'm good so guys my head sweats it gets
disgusting I'm telling you a throwback
story about the worst haircut that I
ever got and shockingly it's nothing
that you've seen on video I actually
have a really good idea that what might
help you with your slutty head what take
a shower oh man okay you know what your
birthday's cancelled guys your birthdays
handsome no guys I got something I need
to talk to Bridget about I know a little
bit of something that she wants to know
what oh this is it you ready for the
moment what is it
I know something Bridget wants to know
first you'll find out in a second first
to prolong it and make her squirm a
little bit let's check out the birthday
present or mom got her Bridget's mom got
her this cabinet I want to know that is
really nice doesn't man I really love it
it's totally going in the bathroom he's
really nice actually I like it here
let's just keep it here really no oh and
the bathroom yeah all right you want to
know yes he about an hour why I
unfortunately have to address something
with you right now
one vlog it's very important what okay
guys if you didn't see the vlog do we
upload a jester day I found something in
the house that belongs to Bridget what
what is this
I'm serious yes what is it that is
called a pregnancy test
whoa Wow Sherlock Holmes cracked the
case what are you doing with a pregnancy
test are you serious
look I have a feeling I know why you had
the pregnancy test I'm saying why
haven't you told me anything about this
why are you like keeping this from me
I'm not giving anything from boom oh did
you tell me you had this uh you should
have already known I have it why um
because there's this time back in
February where I kind of thought it's an
old one
oh I thought you are you messing with me
why would I do that I don't know is this
gonna be like some birthday surprise
tomorrow and like you tell me Oh guess
what happy birthday you're a father know
one day there'll be a little Michael jr.
this isn't new no man now I'm all
embarrassed and depressed okay I'm not
saying that I want ever again nobody
remember that I said that this is new
and you know it you just turn off and I
think I'm not gonna be pregnant no
longer guys I was wrong okay it is what
it okay you happy that I'm embarrassed
save 30 funnier I want to be a father
cover this lens another question why are
you gonna get a 99-cent pregnancy test
if you're going to get one Michael that
is 99% oh okay yeah I'm embarrassed well
there at that one day babe that answers
that one day will have all my carnal
ends of chem Department depressed and
disappoint you know what this is
birthday pre de chill out right now we
were on our way to grandpa's house we
have to go check on Jennifer because
today she had a doctor's appointment and
apparently didn't go that good there was
a lot of like stuff going on with her
skin after she got burned
so we're gonna go check one or hopefully
we can make her laugh a little bit
Jennifer feel better man I feel really
bad Oh Jennifer you look like you are in
misery what is going on dude I am
hurting real bad what just take the pain
medicine guys Jennifer is straight
refusing to take the medicine they gave
her just take the medicine right I don't
want to okay you're gonna be mean God
okay you got a choke I'm sorry what I
didn't want to say anything okay I'm
gonna go alright Jenny I'll go I'll
leave you alone
how may I just ask one more question if
you had to gauge your pain out of one to
ten what would it be over ten over ten
tell everybody what you just told us to
do we have got to film this guys you
gotta hear this dude this is the
funniest dream I've ever heard of my
life it scared you I had a dream guys
first off just to catch you up if you
don't know cadaver skin is donated from
people who have passed that's all I can
say okay a cadaver is not a live person
I'm trying to word this through the eye
pockit lives a dream that somebody was
hauled to me for their skin bag be
warded their skin backs away what did
they say
I think she's laughing I want my hey I
woke up like frightening now I'm gonna
go back to sleep
cover those lens it's almost time to get
out of here we really got a couple more
things to do I am really exhausted
I'm just sitting here chillin with Bella
what a girl that's her way of like just
saying get away from me you got it guys
just in here chill what Bella said
you're thinking about things man I don't
even I'm thinking about what is the
point of this think I just want to show
Bella
I heard you too buddy come on chill okay
I heard it too
guys just now we're just sitting here
hold on bud and we heard something up
there I don't know what it was
let's first look for Felix okay we'll
see if maybe it will see us you eggs
it's too dark for this I'm getting
really scared so Felix is just sort of
chillin there
why did you hear anything up there okay
Clyde we're gonna get that here okay
let's leave Felix at it where you at
let's just forget it okay I don't wanna
be scared tonight let's ignore it
one minute I'm sitting there talking to
Bella and the next I hear like a bang up
there which I could only assume is Felix
but guys with all the stuff that's been
happened that's Clyde into a plane with
a bottle boy thank you
dang it but everything that's been going
on person peeking at us through the door
over there the other day the door
shutting by itself up there people
saying they're hearing voices and seeing
stuff in the vlogs and the frickin Ouija
board stuff guys it wouldn't surprise me
ha
all right I'm done I'm gonna scare
myself I won't be able to sleep tonight
I've actually got a throwback story for
you guys in just a minute about the
worst haircut that I've ever gotten but
before I do that I want to take a moment
to talk about yesterday's vlog now in
yesterday's vlog I asked you guys to
help me come up with a name for the fan
base because everybody seems to have one
right you got the juggies and the peas
and the low gang and the Jade haulers
and the youngins and some people were
asking me why I don't just use youngins
you know cuz that's what grandpa uses
but guys it's kind of weird for me to
use the term youngins right like you
know I'm like right dude I'm 30 years
old right I'm only 30 years old and to
call people my young guns that 30 is
just strange
so grandpa's got the young guns and I
thought maybe I need somebody so I asked
you guys to leave in the comment section
some ideas and boy you guys have been
leaving them and I still want you to do
that post in the comments below and like
other
people's if you like them guys there too
from yesterday that stood out the first
one was the cam fam now that's really
cool the cam fam we are a family of kid
behind a camera I like it it's simple
it's one of the favorites now my actual
favorite one at this time is the camera
crew guys I think it's brilliant I love
it
I'm kid behind a camera and those who
watch my video are the camera crew I
really like that what up camera crew so
guys let me know in the comments section
if you have any more we can look at
there's a ton going around now it's time
to do this throwback story but guys
those are good options I would love to
see more let's do the story before I get
out of here you guys I wanted to take
the moment to give you guys a throwback
story and mean that I'm gonna be getting
that horrible haircut I thought why not
tell you about the worst haircut that
I've ever gotten and that's a pretty
bold statement to make right the worst
haircut I've ever got you've seen me get
my eyebrow shape dog you've seen me get
old man haircuts you've seen the worst
of the worst when it comes to me getting
a haircut and guys this is the worst one
it's the most embarrassing one it's the
one that I think about sometimes like
you ever had those moments in your life
where you're just sitting there like
dude minding your own business drinking
a soda like oh this is a good day oh god
why did I do that and you hyperventilate
and you can't forget what you did I had
one of those moments with this haircut I
don't remember how old I was I just know
that I was going into the fourth grade
which guy's fourth graders are totally
impressionable they remember everything
everything affects them being in the
fourth grade is very detrimental for
anybody like going through anything
right if you're different at all
the fourth grade is extra horrible
because the kids are getting smarter
they're getting better with their
insults they're just meaner they're
little like
so with as horrible as the fourth grade
is you have to wonder what I was
thinking getting a Nike check cutting to
the back of my head I don't know why I
did it guys mom was cutting my hair
because we couldn't afford to go to the
barber shop we just did not have money
like that growing up going going to the
barber shop are you kidding me is it
Christmas maybe if it was a Christmas
present guys I was not going to the
barber because we couldn't afford it so
mom was gonna do it and guys the haircut
that I pretty much had my whole life as
the one you see on the vlog I just cut
it that's it I cut it off I don't need
anything fancy just get it off my head
right this time I wanted to be a little
different I wasn't a venture out of my
comfort zone and I asked mom and she
would carve a nice check into the back
of my head take off the guard cut a Nike
check into the back of my head and I
don't know why I thought that would be
cool I thought I was gonna look cool but
guys I couldn't afford Nike I don't have
a pair of Nikes I have nike socks Nike
shirts I couldn't afford a Nike
pencil-case what was I doing getting a
Nike check into the back of my head I'm
the last person who gets Nikes still I
wanted to get a nice check I wanted to
look cool I thought that that was what I
needed to do to get more friends that's
a little sad things to get more friends
I had friends I used comedy to get
friends I've always had you know the
ability to make people laugh but like I
wanted more friends and I thought this
haircut was too ticket so I asked mom to
do it and she did it she carved a little
Nike check into the back of my head I
was happy I went to bed I got dressed
the next morning I went to school and I
felt like a pimp
yo like I felt myself like walking into
the front door and it's like I could
hear music you know cuz I'm up P iymp I
mean I don't care what y'all heard about
me now that song wasn't out yet so
that's not what I was hearing in my head
it was probably like God the phone you
look ba ba ba ba so I walk into the
school feeling cool feeling like like
for once I've got a purpose and then I
heard somebody started laughing and I'm
like okay that has nothing to do with me
and I keep walking I'm headed to the
cafeteria it's time for breakfast and
then
another kid look at that kid's hair what
happened to the back of his head you
your hair's gross they're gonna be
better with their insults are just
meaner they're little like I can hear
teachers laughing about it you guys oh
my god is that Michael Green what
happened to his hair like okay it's
about me something's wrong I knew
something was wrong and I had no way of
finding out what it was
guys this was at a time where there were
no cell phones and if there were do you
think we could afford one
I had no cell phone I couldn't just go
what happened to the back of my head no
you can't do that I don't have two
mirrors I could go to the bathroom
mirror and trying to be like what am I
looking at but guys I had no way of
knowing what was going on with my head
it was butchered and I didn't know in
what way so I had no choice but to go
the entire day and just deal with it pay
attention in class don't listen to the
jokes get on the bus and say nothing to
nobody don't make eye contact because
then they're gonna really go after you
do nothing to call attention to yourself
and maybe you'll make it out of this day
alive maybe finally it's the end of the
day I run to the bus and every one of
the kids are like laughing making me
feel like a freak and a joke and I feel
like I'm coming to tears and I'm like I
gotta get home now and I get home and I
asked my dad what's wrong with the back
of my head kids were laughing at me all
day and I'll never forget it he his
response I'll never forget it it was
like the first time I was like that's my
dad that's my dad he he said something
to me I'll never forget what day it
happened to you
and he busted out laughing that's the
kind of fatherly support I got in this
moment no there was no always though
Kasem would take care of it
it wasn't no where did yo mama do to the
best y'all had it was what happened to
you so to answer the question what
happened to me
mom got a hold of my hair is what
happened she tried to make the Nike
check and it didn't work it didn't look
like a Nike check so she tried to fix it
without the guard she just starts shade
being around this area and she ends up
getting all of this off of my head I had
no hair all in the back here no hair at
all and nobody had the foresight to tell
me mom didn't say hey let's just shave
you bald dad didn't go what happened are
you until I got home from school nobody
said anything until I got to school and
this should have never gotten that far
now here's the problem though we're not
we did not have a pair of hair clippers
we borrowed the pair of hair clippers
from my grandma who then gave them to
somebody else so we couldn't recut this
hair for another week until she got the
hair clippers so guys my first week of
the fourth grade was Smith looking like
a complete weirdo with no hair in the
back of my head knowing that people are
laughing at me thanks a lot mom the
worst haircut I've ever got so that's
the story of the worst haircut that I've
ever gotten and like I said when you've
seen all the stuff that I've been
through with my hair on these videos you
know it was bad you know it was
embarrassing mom I love you I know you
were just trying to help but you didn't
you maybe go the first week of fourth
grade with the worst haircut imaginable
and I got made fun of relentlessly guys
we're doing this outro right now let's
go do it
what probably I said let's go do it
right now it is really late I'm very
tired guys let's go do this outro I told
you guys that it's really late
I've actually gonna wake bridget up to
do this outro let there be light
hope it's too blurry let me turn it off
so I can do that again let there be
light ok it's not gonna do it anyway I
gotta wake her up
I'm sorry to do the address of the hate
hey hey we'll do the outro yeah we'll
see I want a sort of public to sleep
right you knew the outro just say you
want to sleep
podcast I'm doing the outro alone well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching tomorrow it's not
gonna be a fun day I gotta shave this
guy's remember to like keep sending me
ideas that you have for our fan base I
love the two that I talked about earlier
they were really great keep submitting
more like that like the comments for
ones that you did see Bridget I tried to
wake you up for the outro you see on the
vlog I tried don't get mad at your
either that guys getting out of here
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite and that's it and I got
