first we'll stop your onions and what is
that
what's going on you guys Tim you had a
camera here
right BAM today is Wednesday today is
Wednesday and today is gonna be a
cooking vlog because today we get to
splurge I'm so excited
let's not tell him what we're making yet
guys that's gonna be a surprise you're
gonna find out later in the vlog what
we're cooking let me know in the
comments section without cheating what
do you think we're gonna be making guys
before we do anything else I wanted to
take a minute to say if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog don't owe a huge I
totally went pickle baby on everyone
dude I went pickle baby over the Eclipse
go check it out of ya and zine it here's
a clap oh it's starting to get really
dark out and Michael is crapping his
pants because you can't see it you make
funny words
oh it's what it did to me Oh be clips
made me scream mud I embarrass myself
Thoreau it's okay I was sad too I just
hold it in guys
today's Wednesday today we're cooking
let's get this blog started what up
Felix just sitting here chillin you guys
gonna be cooking soon just saw Felix
sitting here and what okay I don't have
time for that today you guys I'm just
gonna talk to Felix
what about buddy yeah I don't know what
that was like there seriously
Bridgette you know what last time I got
my hopes up I'm not falling in I'm not
following it I can't even speak right
now I'm not following and I'm not
falling into that trap
no all the dogs just asleep like
something's go on what you can't have
cereal Billy you know that right me take
this you know I actually got a question
about tricks
didn't tricks used to be different the
flavor was different the shapes were
different now they're just little
circles they used to be shaped like
grapes and crescent moons and oranges
and now it's just little circles like
why did they change and you know was
really crazy what if they didn't change
what if it's still the same as that
always was but tricks are for kids so we
can't see it my mom can't handle this
one I was just doing a scene for
everybody and I want to throw the theory
out to you first of all do you remember
back in the day when Trix was shaped
like grapes and like bananas and like
oranges and stuff like that
no what no it never was yes it was
shaped like grapes and oranges
I see chicks all the time and they're
always circles you can mess up the scene
we talked about what if
it still is the same but tricks are for
kids
Michael I was a kid who ate tricks and
they were always circles but they were
frightened no they weren't are you
joking me everything about tricks is
different now the flavour the shapes
everything that's not the same
what no it's this day then we have a
Mandela effect because I remember a very
different tricks than the tricks you
remember those are definitely the tricks
I remember that's a lie I ate them all
they were my favourite cereal oh my god
your luck you're like joking your son
I'm not joking swear swear then it must
been a lot earlier than I thought I
think you're just making it up when I
use missing you see Michael look what
year is this the tricks like 70s what
yeah yeah and then what yeah yeah and
okay yeah you messing with me I'm not
messing with you it's true then we have
uncovered a Mandela effect uh no a lot
more I want to have one does that think
you're going wine okay I give up okay
this is the 30s why different plane of
existence because I definitely ate
tricks with blueberries and bananas and
I'm scared to death right now
you didn't no one ever eat that
I know it doesn't exist it did in my era
where I live
no it didn't there was another bridge of
crap in our pants no uh so then where's
that Michael Adam that Michael is you
well where's the Michael that lived in
this universe because that's an and
elephant I swear to God everything that
I loved on my life on your life on my
dad's life when everything by eight
tricks that will shaped like grapes and
stuff believe me you're a liar no I
would not lie on that they had shaped
like bananas why are you buying
I remembered okay they had grapes they
had oranges right those are all shaped
like circles no it was like a string of
grapes dude it was like one of the great
great great I can't dude you're making
it up go to bed you lost it I promise to
God I remember this doesn't exist
guys let me know in the comments section
if you remember those trades they
definitely don't cuz it doesn't exist
wow so there's another Michael somewhere
saw holy crap how many other Michael's
stop Mandela effect I didn't believe
until this moment if you don't know
where Mandela effect is google it we
just found a real one folks you heard it
here first
man you were freaking me out seafood
it's not funny I was freaking out I mean
I'm not cooking dinner tonight what
we're cooking let's get started soon you
how was this close to crock what are you
doing holding back alive we're gonna be
cooking in just a minute you guys again
it's gonna be a surprise before I get to
that I just want to take a minute to
apologize for yesterday's vlog Bry was
acting
cuz was acting like a big baby I was
just upset you guys I I've been waiting
on this thing for a year
Bridget told me about the eclipse during
SummerSlam of last year it's there's a
hare you go into SummerSlam there's
gonna be huge eclipse I was like not
going to SummerSlam I'm staying for me
at clubs and to wait for a whole year
and for the weather to be like yeah it's
gonna be clear skies until about 4
o'clock you're gonna see it I'm like yes
we're gonna get the Eclipse and then I
don't because of bad weather
I felt gypped if I knew the weather was
bad I would have left I would have went
somewhere else where I could see it but
it didn't warrant the reaction that I
gave it so guys sorry you had to see
that Bridget sorry the end to see that
everybody sorry that you had to see that
humiliating I'm humiliated let's go get
some cooking going in just a second you
guys I need to go jump in the shower
I smell something awful guys let's go
cook right afterwards
I don't know I'm tell you that sure I
can't I can't film Matt I'm like yeah
right up for the shower but you can't
see it guys taking a shower then we're
cooking let's go do this
time for us to do a little bit of
cooking if you're not aware we're on
diets which means we gotta find stuff to
eat that's healthy which means tonight
we're making lasagna that's not healthy
first step onions
I meant to throw that in there we're
cooking it with it don't really do that
because it's poison first you want to
start up your onions and what is
what is all over - Fork dude look at
this
it's chocolate it is meant to do that
again we have officially been dieting
for three weeks or is it more cuz it
feels like an eternity every Wednesday
me and Bridget decided to splurge a
little bit because we just got to this
bridges birthday week
bridges birthday is this Friday these
are burning Bridget really likes pasta
so today we're making lasagna I love
lasagna usually when we make lasagna I
screw it up let's hope that's a day I
don't me maybe I meant to do that this
is sausage and hamburger meat
listen water coming out of this water
getting into me I'm gonna cross it don't
do that I know you guys don't care about
me brining up hamburger meat so let's do
this Oh looking good still not done next
up is the sauce and we got Michael's of
Brooklyn Oh
next up is we're gonna put this whole
thing together so you're gonna start off
with a little bit of sauce at the bottom
of your paint if you're wondering why
you put sauce at the bottom of your pan
I don't know I could be wrong
lasagna noodles no bake I got this
special no bake lasagna noodles
what like Oh what you don't boil these
that's what lasagna noodles no boil I
got these non boil lasagna noodles you
guys you don't have to boil them you
just put them right in the other than
they get soft don't keep the other parts
I know how you at it oh yeah oh no I'm
keeping it right here you're just gonna
start layering all this stuff you guys
the noodles go directly on top of the
sauce you may overlap a little bit
that's okay then I'm gonna you gonna
film me at all you sort of focus down
ricotta cheese because I'm spreading
this what kind of cheese around this is
not entertaining footage I know the
quality looks very different right now
you guys totally the camera we were
using before so for heated and it's dead
don't wake up wake up the next step is
mozzarella right over the ricotta oh you
look so good oh it really does it's
raining look pull up it's raining
mozzarella I'm not even looking where
it's going folks although the result
more sauce as you can see we just made a
layer of lasagna we've got noodles
cheese ricotta sauce and you're just
gonna repeat what I just did and totally
just the top we'll be right back you
ready
okay that was a bad snap I'll be honest
you just do a snap with one hand hold on
boom BAM I know it should bacon there's
no cheese when you bake a lasagna and
you put the cheese right on top at first
it burns
okay it just really barked so we're
baking it without the cheese then we'll
add it on before it's done
lasagna say something say something say
something got it yep I got a bridge what
the old fake lasagna pantry
yeah it didn't work
do you were scare it didn't work at all
dude you were so scared
I heard you crapped your pants from
where I was yeah fart humors funny Hugh
Jennifer's laughing yesterday can we
just talk about that laugh for a second
she loves farts not only that but why
was she laughing like that it was
maniacal while the food's cooking I
wanted to take a minute to talk to you
guys about something and man that's
burning my eyes oh it's real great to
see you peeking over the trees son where
were you yesterday so I wanted to take a
minute to talk to you guys about
something pretty important something
dealing with the channel you know I've
been thinking about it for a little
while and I've been thinking I don't
have a name for my fan base and I don't
want to call you fans right and
everybody has a name for their fan boy
fan base on YouTube and I never bought
into it you know you got the juggies and
the low gang and the jake parlors and
the peeps and whatever there's all kinds
of names for everybody who has their fan
base except us and I sort of feel like
we need one right like it creates that
sense of community on YouTube everybody
feels like they're a part of something
then
right you know you're someone's like oh
yeah I'm a juggie oh yeah I'm part of
the low gang oh yeah I watch kid behind
a camera right it's like we don't have
anything so I'm playing with the idea of
coming up with a name for you guys so we
can create that sense of community on my
channel and I need your help because I
don't have a name I don't got one right
you got anything Bridgette I got nothing
I just say hey guys post in the comments
section below your idea for a name for
our fan base and everybody go look in
the comments scan it and if you see one
you like give it a thumbs up so it pops
up to the top and I can actually see it
and whoever chooses the best one and we
use it you're getting something from us
folks you getting some you want a free
prize free stuff like it costs no money
for this thing it's free and that's it
come up with a name if we use it you get
something guys let me know in the
comment section what you think we should
call you guys I keep saying you guys but
that's not the right name hey hey what's
going on my you guys you putting me oh
I'm a juggie I'm a low gang I'm a you
guys doesn't work guys if you got
anything let me know we're gonna do this
let's create this family on YouTube
let's go check on the food is it burning
it's been two hours that's two hours two
hours
oh my god it's our just know burned a
thing it's been like 20 minutes I see
exactly it's been 20 minutes it's time
to take the lasagna out Bridget's
watching Curb Your Enthusiasm boom look
at this bad boy you know oh yeah I need
okay I need both hands give me one
second
there we go folks lasagna oh this looks
good Bridget
guys we need to let this thing cool down
it's very hot I realize I'm still
talking with this thing right now
so anyway letting it cool down lasagna
we're gonna cut into this you guys just
gotta go right into it all the way to
the bottom all right holy crap yeah
alright hey oh my god it looks good
Luis live cheese I'm still trying to cut
your it is folks lasagnas it look good
yes all right let's give this a taste
what does this fork this is that
chocolate for me or is it here we go
first bite of lasagna did I do it or
mess it up
nice delicious folks bridges turn she's
gonna burn her mouth good
mmm that's dinner folks lasagna the logs
not over yet we got plenty more stuff to
do plenty more Life to Live plenty more
video games to play let's go do it they
again just got one abridges birthday
presents in the mail you guys and we're
gonna try it right now this is called
the right cup apparently it's supposed
to be a cup that tricks your brain into
tasting flavors that are not there like
this is mixed berry so apparently is
supposed to make the water taste like
mixed berry it's supposed to get people
like me to drink more water so let's try
this thing out right now we're gonna try
the one that's supposed to taste like
coca-cola why are they going off that's
a weird you know folks
hopefully this is it right off the bat
it has like a smell of coca-cola
you can smell it on the rim all right
here we go a delicious glass of
coca-cola made entirely of water
right sorry what's wrong more what it's
just water it tastes like water it feels
like water it smells like what is water
this is not the right cup is the wrong
tub
it smells strange what was it tastes
like water what are they talking about
what are you advertising here what are
you advertising a cup that smells like
coca-cola like I don't get it
yeah I like the smell I remember one
check out of it again cause of the smell
itself it doesn't smell like coca-cola
it smells like poison
all right guys does does the right cup
work no heck no that's all I'm gonna say
I'd pocalypse yeah it would
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching
pretty good mad instead of pretty good
daddy tomorrow is not gonna be a pretty
good day guys huh I've got to cut my
hair and I know I promised I wouldn't
cut it until 3:30 and let me assure you
I'm not shaving this which means I'm
gonna look extra weird okay I'm gonna be
bald with a beard now the problem the
reason that I have to shave it is
because I've started to get headaches
again and I say again because that's
what happens when my hair grows out my
hair grows out and suddenly I start
getting headaches I don't know if it's
because I sweat but I get hot my face
overheats I wake up with a headache
and I gotta cut it again and the reason
tomorrow is not gonna be good that's
because I assumed you guys are gonna
want to see this smack like smack like
smack like smack the like button if you
want Grampa to cut it now Bridget please
don't let them broke it if my eyebrows
go I'm gonna flip and you will wake up
with no eyebrows guys smack the like
button if you want grandpa to cut my
hair and we're gonna do it remember I'm
not shaving this I'm gonna look extra
frickin weird
I'm gonna it's not funny it's pretty
funny guys smack the like button we're
getting that here pretty good day the
lasagna was good had a good time that
cup does not work it no the fruity one I
was actually working at tides but like I
mean
but just give freakin water flavors guys
like subscribe I'm not looking for
tomorrow
