Oh inside so it's starting to get really
dark out and Michael grabbing of pans
because can't see
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here here right there and today
is solar eclipse day today a solar
eclipse day folks I am excited this has
been like 30 years in the making
I've been waiting for this day since the
day I was born yeah his first word with
solar eclipse
I'm very bright guys I wear my ET shirt
both today is an intergalactic adventure
when we watch the solar eclipse I'm
really so excited Michael guys I don't
want to keep this going this intro'
going any further I'm excited today is
the solar eclipse are you ready to go to
Grandpa's house I'm ready go to
Grandma's house and Grell out and eat
solar eclipse dude if this was Twitter
yet can I do my joke if I was the moon
and this was Twitter I'd be blocking the
Sun yeah this is our current view of the
sky you guys I'm a touch worried and
we're not going to be able to see it oh
man I waited so long for this I skipped
SummerSlam for this I'm not in New York
because of this I don't want to miss the
solar eclipse because is you closing out
fingers crossed but I don't know if
we're going to we're going to be able to
see the solar eclipse so no I don't want
to joke about I don't want to talk about
it right now we're about to go to the
store you guys we're getting food to
cook out for the Eclipse we were leaving
the storm right now you guys it was a
complete madhouse I don't know if this
is going to be an eclipse or a hurricane
let's wait for this when we get run over
it looking people ripping the shelves
clean
including us look we were up sorry ma'am
I don't want to run into you how you
doing buddy
are you guys the eclipse has officially
just started so we put on my glasses and
look at the Sun yeah the Sun is
completely shielded by clouds I skip
SummerSlam for this
we can't lose hope yet huh this is going
to be an epic fail man we're on the path
to totality and the claws like man now
today may be another 80 years
this happens every frickin time any time
is a lunar eclipse solar eclipse meteor
shower always pretty cloudy you know I'm
getting a little tired of it starting to
feel personal yeah I feel like it is
personal so well yet Sun right do you
see anything no it's completely
invisible yes just look up an air oh wow
I'm trying to record it right now you
guys it's really hard is raining it's
getting blurry but it's starting to
crescent over it and I'm going blind
getting this shot for you
all right folks here it is again oh this
is so cool I really hope it's this clear
during totality because I'm gonna be bad
oh my gosh why everything would work are
you serious Michael's got it I can't see
anything I see you I'm sorry let me go
back to that what were you said hi calm
down as a joke we are the next phase you
guys wow it's really hard to film those
because it's raining but I'm really
happy I'm doing it I realized you guys
only camera it looks kind of small but I
promise it's a lot bigger in person it
was really cool it's tiny on the
vlogging camera you guys and I'm sorry
about that but this thing is awesome I'm
really happy we can see this I don't
know what happens if I point it right at
it but maybe you shouldn't look at that
I don't know
we just took a break away from the
Eclipse you guys not by choice it's
because it's raining and I don't really
know if it's showing or not but either
way it's starting to rain which means
we're missing the Eclipse so we're
cooking on the glue if you're wondering
why they're all ripped up is because
Doug did it now flame dad was who was
doing the growth of time yeah okay oh
yeah
by the way guys somebody had this this
spatula before me and yeah they did
they realize Matt or something you want
to focus what's going on with it so
Michael is grilling I've never seen this
before I feel like I think you doing
something you would think that does
notice how your burgers were ripped all
over a girl on my arm oh I'm doing it
right
what is Doug there's a food gross
perfection coming to you guys oh my god
right now I see a part of it it's almost
fully covered oh my gosh I can't wait to
see it this is awesome you guys I hope
you're enjoying this at your house I
can't wait to show you - yeah right now
we can't film because there's clouds
covering it again all right gonna cover
it Oh something started to rain pretty
heavy how do you feel about that Michael
Michael's spurious right now a little
book on don't say it honestly I'm pretty
upset about it to the stock you grilled
up friggin burgers we bought we meet you
today like a total family day who made
in a family day we bought special
t-shirts we grilled out and we can't
even fit I'm sure we'll have it on the
news oh yeah cuz that's what we want I
want to see somebody else's eclipse I
gotta pull up on Google yesterday oh my
god they're so excited I don't know what
more excited for the Eclipse with a beer
in the burger I recited sorry Cliff's
burgers and a cliff I'm going to eat a
cheeseburger while looking at you so
like what you think good burger nice I
got a guy's gone I'm a little worried
don't don't think that right now with
super quality you guys you saw how it
was we were out there cooking it's
getting dark brother look at that it is
like I want to go out and see you see
how much the moon covers gently I was
just trying out oh oh well can't lose
hope
40 minutes lost
please don't let it they're really time
rainin using some clear up in time
no don't say it don't say it optimism
looks cool some get up cheer up guys all
right I think we'll see it and I agree
that I don't think they'll all hope
you're right
when it gets dark with the clouds clear
up oh no I knew your weatherman getting
mad and review that I wasn't you're
right there's always in those huh
yeah 2024 I'll use to video man yeah
we're all on a therapy for you going to
that's that's really seven years from
now Scottish going keep going
no we're talking like it is like a
spinet if that's the work solar flip
sign it's official you guys we are not
going to be able to see it look at it
i freakin hate South Carolina right now
it's like when beautiful bright skies
every day this week and the one day we
want bright skies is like now screw it
we're going to give you these guys I'm
really angry right now actually just
complete and utter fail the solar
eclipse disaster is what this is because
you can see absolutely zero in this guy
I don't know where the Sun is usually
you can look up and it gets a little bit
brighter on your eyes yellow Suns in
that area I can't even do that anymore
this sucks
you probably notice that we're no longer
at grandpa's house and we're no longer
looking at the skies or no longer
hopeful thing the Eclipse is coming and
the reason for that is the Eclipse is
not coming in already past and it's
really unfortunate
the weather was too bad for us to record
the Eclipse guys and I'll admit I cried
yeah cried yeah both take a baby cry we
didn't get to film any of the Eclipse
okay and the footage that we did film we
can't even use because I was coughing
like I said well we're using that I'll
just beep it out okay guys check this
out that's insured pickleboy so it's
starting to get really dark out and
Michael crapping his pants because you
can't see it you make funny birds on
so it's currently getting really dark we
can't see anything though film for the
next 15 minutes it's really cool though
about to embarrass myself you guys so
perished thanks to the weather I think
you just seen freaking eclipse now I'm
like freaking out about it
this is embarrassing I put it in the
vlog I don't care
hell of a thing is that about
so
we can see it up until it's time and
then it was just what really makes me
sad is wanted to do it as a family I
realize I'm embarrassing myself right
now and I'm keeping it I skip New York
for this like I'm this close like
breaking stuff apart right now you guys
I'm very close I'm trying hard not to
take it out on anybody
maybe if you cared maybe what I saw what
I did care I want to see it too but I'm
not going to cry about it
I can't you mad everything if I can't
change what are you gonna come in here
messing with me you know what a bad mood
I'm just trying to see how you are
I'll waiter two gear for this so did I
so to everyone else you have the only
human on earth stop crying
the only one that cared you're not the
only one who cares right call only along
the way for this for a year nobody else
everyone else everyone else's in Waiting
get out I'll go start freaking elves do
know how is it my fault you didn't spell
out dude it's somehow your fault if but
maybe if somebody else was helping me
look around and I could have found that
the weather was going to be good summer
felt my cool we did look it was the
colony everywhere hey just leave me
alone my god nice work NASA your healing
Charleston you can't clear up the skies
I don't think they can do stuff like
that oh my gosh my god tell oh it's it's
weather we can't change it calm down
just calm down get out of bed oh my gosh
your hair oh my god ow hey
my saw you deserve that a cheetah solar
eclipse yeah my faith you fully deserved
it
I'm gonna freak out stop I think I think
it was on purpose I didn't see it so
they get to see the solar flip this what
happens when I get left out yeah I've
been on purpose I'm a trade-in see it
drop it on me baby
hey hey oh my god you need to chill you
need to stop gosh where are you going
look at my god alright God tell al you
weirdo Oh
oh my god I thought it was locked
can we just stop all this now so fuck it
I don't know I'm trying to get over it
you probably never see one ever again Oh
I'm kidding you're gonna see 6n oh my
god
it'll be okay you'll see you won again
never though actually I'm just kidding
like I'm sorry I'm dying hey I'm just
deposit okay I'm sorry I'm kidding
believe it so have you figured out
no absolutely I just please I cried
outside old amber can we not do that you
also crapped your pants
that's a washes a lot I'm not even lying
we are on our way back to the grandpa
valve now you guys everyone left
everybody left after my outburst oh yeah
me too everyone's like okay a Michael
Austin yeah and then my dad loved your
dad left everyone left thinking that I'm
a fruitcake
I have no weight or deem myself here oh
no Michael I'm trying to make it right
here I freaked out you guys I'm calling
dad later we got to yeah oh hey what's
up
it was we're doing that I want to come
back okay he went to every month I'm
going to apologize well freak it out
okay
you'll see something a bit now you don't
see lame
sorry tell you where that I can tell by
your cold response that I should worry
about it now should no you're not
hey through photo woman comes with I see
turn there's no money oh yeah I had to
leave guys I just took off I'll be
honest I just I got out of there
doe redlined Doug left right after you
pull it out he pulled up really how
depressing
no no Jay we were going to your house
you said that yeah I'll freaking out
yeah I don't blame her sure I was
surprising
oh it showed I taught the kids is to go
under any quiets and up above incentive
okay monster yes when you're upset like
that yeah you're not group I was talking
to nobody you can't even see your face
she's above a hair how do out those
start of it yeah I went on the cried Oh
in crouches pants
you didn't you just show everyone how
you're acting
no like reenact us no because I can't do
without actually getting angry you
crapped your pants you know you guys I'm
really starting to think we shouldn't
mess with that weeds more if anybody
else with me Raven either said yeah me
too and what shit yeah guys ever since
we mess with that Ouija board you all
know what all the stuff that happened
in July we got dad went to the hospital
Jennifer caught herself on fire - Myka
you were burning garbage I can't explode
it and you lit on fire
okay garbage like that seriously why did
you burn a garbage trust the exact oh so
that's why you caught on fire so that
happened with dad
Jennifer caught on fire and now the
solar eclipse which is that's the worst
of it
I know yeah dad damn near dying or the
work-hours sort of the worst of it is
joking no but it is horrible and oddball
Carlin what is this yeah I go away
what do we do we mean his mom okay we
cannot let him be a cop okay he's yeah
you're not to try out for the for God
what are you doing right now I will
cover this one's up being that I'm the
one that freaked out today I got put on
the rage helmet I'm not even grandpa
wear this every time I look I think you
look adorable is the poor thing thank
you a thumb be awesome oh my god we'll
just pretend us not doing that here five
million you like that again
no next G what's going on here I should
have a fart humor yeah oh my gosh this
away okay I'm wearing the rage hat but
next time grandpa freaks out he's
wearing ya over anyway grandpa listen
with this thing on oh wait this is a
thumbnail option hold on folks we're
back home you guys we're doing the
Altran with just a second before we do I
wanted to take a second to apologize for
freaking out I had it look I'm not
taking any of it out of the vlog I cried
I embarrassed myself I screamed I
freaked out I made everybody at the cut
party feel uncomfortable for that I want
to apologize Doug I'm sorry I was
mouthing off Jamie Jennifer I'm sorry my
nephew's I'm sorry you guys I'm sorry
Bridgette I'm really sorry it's just
hard to describe the level of
disappointment I felt I was so excited
and I was glued to the Weather Channel I
was like yeah we're going to give the
eclipse the Weather Channel says it's
clear and the news says it's clear and
right when totality begins gone and I
was so disappointed but there's no
excuse for ostracizing anybody at the
party or making them feel like like I
was being rude to them or look guys
there's no excuse don't be the jerk at
the party like I was sorry you guys it
is what it is thinking about doing
another Twitter Q&A video or just a Q&A
video maybe a video with you guys leave
your comments and a video I don't know
let me know what kind of video you want
to see click like if you want Angry
Graham want to answer some of your
questions whether that be Twitter or on
video former let me know in the comments
section if you know a way in which we
could do this guys I'm going to get out
of here some do the outro smack
but if you want the QA let's go do this
my apologies if you don't remember this
this is one of the glowing moon things
that Bridgette got me for my birthday
little model the moon and I'm creating
my own eclipse I missed it so here we go
here we go Bridget whoa Bridget we
reached full totality Wow
I got to witness and after all yeah this
is what my life has become let's do the
outro well that's going to be it for
today you guys thanks for watching not
how I was hoping to feel the end of this
day it has not been a pretty good day
guys
it had and I embarrassed myself multiple
occasions on this vlog I'll be honest I
forgot dealt with it I'll be totally
honored highest Rinna I said to her own
amusement look it is what it I am sorry
probably acted and SIA didn't happen
it's not your fault I know well what I
blamed her as if she's like Mother
Nature or something like nice job bridge
you could have blown the clouds out of
the way guys it was a miserable where
those I didn't get it I watched the news
everybody had a good time showed al
roker like he's here in North Charleston
you say like yeah clips and Here I am
anyway guys I'm yet madyun okay
like favorite or anything to us Mac now
like buzz if you want grandpa's juice in
Q&A
yeah
