oh here we go I can't see anything all
right Michael safe
you have to stay that way till tomorrow
yeah then I got to get myself in the
fetal position
yeah well mostly on my knees like this
okay and just did this before a half
hours
you think I'm gonna do that that these
are you
today is solar eclipse day everybody and
we're going over to angry grandpa okay
technically it's not solar eclipse day
technically it's Sunday but you're
watching this on solar eclipse day and I
really can't see what these things
actually so I don't know if it is
they're talking about everything is
pitch black while wearing these things
so I got a hold on this up I'm trying to
find the Sun in the sky fucking look at
it in these solar eclipse guys I'm gonna
fall our view of the Sun is shrouded
with clouds I can't see anything through
these you know mother nature if you do
this to me tomorrow
I'm just why and I don't like I said
guys happy Monday by the time you've
seen this I'll nope we're seeing it or
not but either way it's Sunday now and
I'm sitting here recording as we turn
into grandpa's house is just in case
he's loading the car up again Oh God
okay he's not leasing took the 55 out of
her drive oh I can see it now I'll tell
you one more lesbian night Oh guys how
much you want to bet that's what it is I
got a thousand dollars it's what happens
folks we're headed into Grandpa's dad
that better not be what I was saying he
were grandpa you guys yesterday you saw
on the vlog that I brought over through
these Squirrel Nut Zippers and I totally
forgot to bring them out of the car but
here they are now
I'm not going to touch them camera turns
out it's grandpa's favorite candy my
favorite candy ever man I had no idea my
mom and dad loves bugs you know yeah we
every Thursday and you'll always bring
you a big bag of cronut Wow well who
knew man that's in there eating it oh my
god when you put the thing in those
mouths you guys wait si si si is
reaction this is comfort food then
hmm oh my god I never loved up there
that good huh I love zoo man I grew up
on these things myself and I just can't
happen
they're just ah they are no Kim a sugar
dad needs some good sugar
God man oh goodness
mmm that good that good well you guys
chillin out with Grandpa we're going to
have a conversation about the Eclipse in
a few minutes which is tomorrow
aka today when you see this grandpa
kotas lens up grandpa check it out candy
goo because if you don't candy gooood to
come I tell you look at this booze tube
was just like this boozy like liquid
flavor candy I guess to say okay you can
use this for such a keepin to do we
would like
thank God how was it it's good what is
it it's candy
that ain't candy that's garbage gotta I
gotta be honest it's the next to garbage
I believe it you uh how you doing Ginny
hi well let me well I guess I mean she's
alright ah you ready for the Eclipse
yeah I'm going well yeah w no idea
Yvonne D gonna be back yeah you doing it
though is that you're gonna put these
are you get no gamble they're literally
right here on his side you mean get them
now so you never get you if you would
draw like a nub hey yeah so this is what
you need for the Eclipse as these pages
in coloring right these are special
these are solar eclipse glasses come oh
man
yes deep these are all yes then you find
a try to get Bob isn't it yes dude put
it on Taylor
man whoa can't see nothing right no no
what is it good
you ain't what is the kids it you're not
supposed to see it well why you why you
see look at you're not using to keep
wear these all day to shield your eyes
for the Eclipse oh good yeah good
there's an estimated a hundred thirty
million people are gonna go blind
tomorrow a hundred million bells it out
he had to set sail soon no yeah you had
to just take your eyes shut in where
there's Gaza
you got you got duct tape right yeah
what I need okay boy I just told you I
left it here and here and then the
glasses over the duct tape and you just
sit in the dark room so you don't go
blind
Oh bad buzz about crazy and turns out
that's the problem the eclipses a
hundred fifty population of America I
believe there's a 350 million a hundred
billion to go in blind tomorrow yeah
well then I go beanie on stand out dad
it happens in the house too what I don't
have yes
it just does look why can't you praise
me in my glasses okay uh NOLA you
interviewing your glasses I know I can't
scrape it what can I add Doug keep them
you could change you probably should if
Ali said yeah you should definitely do
that if you want to follow your skill
bar that's what you can't go off it's
already clunky person in room arms
that's why that's why I don't know why
people are coming to Charlie to a solar
eclipse I know like 2 million extra
people are going to be super blind but
I'm not really do the proviso last time
there was a big solar eclipse some guy
looked at the binoculars and his whole
body burst into flames
ah what yeah yo yo yo yo halt our skin
don't let clips is no joke y'all who so
scared it's worth being scared over get
out of my face here all right well we
gotta make sure these people because
that limit chasin they don't that
one crack like this I can see your eyes
are gone they're gonna burn out of your
head so yeah you get it done you do
don't you we're going to tomorrow we're
all going to get together I'm going to
duct-tape your eyes brings good to take
mine somebody gonna have to these guys
don't take my eyes no Jennifer
somebody's gonna have a peek behind
someone is going to have no duct tape on
their eyes and they're gonna lose their
vision there you go baby I draw stroke
not gonna be me
we're going to draw straws whoever draws
the short straw okay oh no that was just
draw stroke good we're better draw I am
NOT doing that let's get back looking
French straw guys we're about to do a
prank we have two regular straws we're
going to have these in our possessions
the ones that we draw from are all small
grant I'll draw the short straw
are you guys we've got three fix whoa oh
is it rather Bridget filming we can't
grab a straw yeah I'll do mine later I
know break it automatic pass
guys whoever gets the short stop draw is
not going to have their eyes taped shut
because they're going to be doing
everybody else you know essentially
whoever draws the short stick is really
good wine because we only go up glasses
for funny Oh baby alright so because I
drifted the stick I go first okay all
right go look Jennifer
cover it hold it your hand don't pull it
out to put it your hand okay ready
all right Jenny end up on bull oh my
girl is going blind just a stick that's
bull oh no I ain't going to die yeah
that's why you might you have to tape
her eyes shut
I didn't know those both are there
Bridget all right so dad here's the deal
you gotta leave you to delay any do it
you have to do it I tell you what here's
what I'm going to do you will help us
take our eye shut and stuff
and it'll put a trash bag over your head
and just tape it over and then I was
murderer just died
it's not funny bridge my desk is doing
I'm gonna go flyers Rosen it with one we
will take your eyes shine all right I'm
just gonna give you to the Google Blog
should take a precaution I don't think
it's to be honest going blind you know
like you picked the short straw that's
fair you a big nut I got a free pass
because I'm filming so basically all
right duct tape you go over yes that
give me a rough day ah what nothing no
your TV what George is me no it didn't
you're cheating me no weekend oh you
give me the other day once so no matter
what I do all day one all right we don't
want to go blind but I do you're in your
sacrifice video okay that's cool
essentially what we're going to be doing
tomorrow
can you see me okay we're doing I got
another Gorilla Tape you got this would
be extra strong stuff all right first my
man is not going blind
okay first on hand me the UH
Emily glasses and Sybil I'll there yeah
okay
I knew in my hand before I do this now
should you cover your nose no you
shouldn't cover your neva so and the
next piece is like this okay
we're on that little Ranger haha
hi Ocilla here we go I can't see
anything
alright Michael safe you have to stay
that way till tomorrow yeah then I'll
got to get myself in the fetal position
yeah well mostly on my knees like this
okay and just did this before half hours
using our word yet that was because I do
monstroso's about this thing
yo-yo ma it's true I can't see anything
I'm gonna find a closet so we all good
for tomorrow yes dad yeah I'm not
dealing with this what we're we're just
trying to keep everyone safe
hey I'm going to it goodbye Michael go
follow them yeah yeah goddammit I need
you to lose the way Oh Michael your
protection okay Oh what about your
eyebrows what try okay yes we're just
joking okay your god you notice that
hurt oh I know did I get it off sole
request Frank we're getting out of here
you guys the solar eclipse is tomorrow
by the time you've seen this is already
happening but I'll still give you some
safety prefer to go tomorrow
you can look at it dad when it's fully
was a full totality
like yeah but if you look at the Sun
right now you could is one of the sun's
out right now no clouds we've got it Bob
too bad we can't try it out but guys
please be careful but somebody seems
going to happen but please be careful
don't blind yourself tomorrow what are
you do not look at the Sun without a
pair of these definitely not right dad
so usually getting at here you guys
going home solar eclipse prank and
tomorrow's vlog which is the day after
the Eclipse for filming the Eclipse
we're back home from Grandpa's house you
guys we're actually going to be doing
the outro in just a second but first I
wanted to talk to you guys about the
Eclipse so number one I'm on the phone
with Kimberly and what is that on my
eyebrow hold on Kim there was something
on my face anyway a multiple we can I
wanted to talk to her about something
because right now there's a high chance
that we're not going to be able to see
the solar eclipse tomorrow is it that
ashamed II won't align the totality and
they're talking about thunderstorms and
clouds so there's a chance that we're
not seeing it my plan was to look up on
the map to find out when the next one is
the next total solar eclipse in the
United States women is so I was looking
it up and the next one in the United
States is going to be April 2024 is it
what does win in April it I think it was
like April 8th why we'll get this even
better guess what the line of totality
is ah Sarah Q's yeah you guys are
getting a total solar eclipse and April
2024 so guess what making the plans now
we missed this one we're going in 2024
sorry please miss next one no I'll
probably go to Sarah cheers anyway for
the next one so yeah guys we're doing
the outro the next Eclipse Syracuse 2024
oh but definitely not coming to Syracuse
in 2024 definitely not peple is not a
license birthday party will probably be
on that Saturday which is like what
they're sent but you guys could come for
that in 2024 yeah I think I got
something I can't get out of yes I can't
I can't move it it's an important
meeting very important all right let's
go do the outro well that's going to be
a birthday you guys thanks for watching
pretty good day it's a pretty good day
guys none of the stuff that I told
grandpa about the Eclipse is true just
practice safety and enjoy yourself and
by the way by the time this goes up it's
already happened so I don't know who I'm
talking to
where did we come up with come on with
what keep your eyes and I don't know and
it was a lot of fun though guys so I was
just spitballing on that prank from the
beginning okay let's just try this
it works grandpa I love you sorry
tomorrow
I'm uploading our Eclipse video you guys
hopefully we get to see it I'm really
really nervous
I'm really worried we're not going to
see it like I said if we don't 20 24 40
year old Michael is gonna enjoy the
hippie boys all the clothes God can we
not like be sad right now I don't like
to think about 6 years from now 7 anyway
guys I'm getting out of here thanks for
watching the Eclipse is tomorrow I can't
wait hopefully we can see it otherwise
I'll travel to another country but have
two to go I want to see
imagine in seven years we go to Syracuse
and it's all cloudy like favorite
alright everything's done and happy
Eclipse how do you stay so 17 I really
hope yes me too
