let me ask you a question I want a
straight-up answer can you respect women
you do how come I called your teacher
and she said you're not listening to any
of them
what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here to us yeah right there
and today I'm still sick guys we are
freaking sick this is now like day five
we're not getting rid of this like day
14 14 days I don't know I just want to
be over I know that I'm sick you guys so
while I do this burger snort talk
what's going on you guys I freaking sick
i paper rub under my nose right now and
I'm just really hoping that it works
ninety five point two we're gonna take
this 96.5 what what's going on what is
going on why are you so cold inside
today is Wednesday and even though I
can't smell or taste I want to try I
can't smell and taste guys they're for
you let's get pizza Michael this isn't
gonna work
ok scientists you know oh my gosh here's
one thing it smells great great it looks
so good that's the best B's to kidding
with tase I'm gonna go plug it in clay I
can't do something I can what you look
good for you dude well what do you say
you know hey I'm almost over the thing
my chest congestion is cleared up
you look a hell warmed over and you can
smell taste I don't know why I never
lose that I have no sense of taste right
now I can't taste anything in its all
I'm okay I'm sorry
embarrass myself stop yeah
you are looking delicious it was she can
taste ever been wise swear your nose
life oh I want to hear the words okay
say it one more time because I don't
believe you said it I don't know why
it's delicious cheesy bread I can't
taste cheesy bread I can't taste cheesy
pizza
I can't tastes it can't a sub sandwich
can you and open it oh no nothing you
know I can't taste though huh the
peppers that are burning my mouth
peppers can burn but I just can't taste
the sandwich that its own so what
happened it Jacob got in-school
suspension ISS at 10 years old
yep how did that happen not doing his
work being disruptive crawling on the
floor not listening wait wait crawling
on the floor crawling on the floor okay
he is really your son he's not listening
to women he not worried not listening to
women he doesn't it's almost like he
doesn't appreciate women and he tells
them what to do you know that that makes
me think of the other day and we did
that cook-off he was like you want yo
women belong in the kitchen or something
remember yeah oh I remember that yeah
okay that was a joke at first but now
it's becoming serious and I'm not going
to yeah I'm not gonna let him grow it be
a misogynist and now we're gonna have to
talk all we can do is talk to him and
write that steer that ship in the right
direction because that is not good I'm
going in there to talk to him
I think the I said that's just like this
is crazy
had this talk before but we gotta drill
it in we have to keep doing the
conversation you know set up would you
play in Ratchet & Clank all right well
I'm gonna take a jig up out of here okay
you play your game you with me walk that
way let me ask you a question I want a
straight-up answer do you respect women
you do how come I called your teacher
and she said you're not listening to any
of them but you never gave me a problem
you never gave pop a problem and you
always give me a problem you won't say
yes ma'am no ma'am
you do what you want you tell me to shut
up
now it's not respecting women okay do
you think that you're above listening to
a woman then why aren't you listening to
any of your teachers how come you're
saying you don't have to do any of your
work and you're rolling around on the
floor and then I call you at the school
and I say hey will you stop and you
listen to me how come you don't do that
when the teachers tell you to stop Jim
that's not happening no more this has to
stop let me tell you something if you
think that men are superior door women
do you know where I would be right now
without Bridget that's a serious
question
do you know why would be exactly I would
be in this trailer park right where we
left off at because when I was with
Bridget I had the motivation to want to
do videos and get ideas and want to get
us out of that trailer park because I
didn't want to live there forever
and because of Bridget's inspiration for
me I was able to buy your grandpa a
house a car by me and her a house get us
out of there and be able to take care of
our whole family without Bridget none of
that happens without Bridget we're not
in this house you need to start
appreciating women that's number one
you should work no man is above any
woman
that's number one number two you have to
start listening in school I don't know
why you think you can do whatever you
want and disrespect your mom I know you
went through something we all did and
I'm sorry for that but you can't start
acting out now
that is not gonna why is it that I have
to keep having this conversation with
you I don't have to have it with Jimmy
Jacob
JC it's always got to be with you you
have to listen give me a hug
this is not happening no more okay just
look at me this isn't happening anymore
like I'm tired of look at me turn your
body to me and look at me I'm tired of
your dieting I think I understand cuz
you don't because we keep having these
conversations but this needs to stop now
okay I love you you need to apologize to
your mother and I want you to drive them
to school and have them apologizing
those teachers not today but tomorrow
because that's unacceptable rolling
around on the floor saying you don't
have to do your work that's unacceptable
that is not happening anymore
I'm sorry putting this on vlog but you
guys want to see our lives sometimes
this is what it's like you owe people
apologies you understand me
love you cover this lense up so that I
had that in a long time
I'm gonna FaceTime mom so she can talk
to the boys okay relax
hey you didn't always do at FaceTime you
ever used FaceTime yeah I'm sitting here
with the boys I wanted to see if you
want to say hey oh no you can't see me
she doesn't understand how this works
hey how you doing well I was aware of
that
I didn't think I was talking to a zombie
Jimmy say hey Nana can you see us at all
this she can't see us we're just sitting
here talking to you know the boys wanted
to say but it's funny because you don't
understand how it works yo yeah we see
you you can't see us at all well say hey
to Nana hey Nana just got off the phone
with BOM she is just as crazy she has
ever been you guys like I ain't changed
a bit either right Jay yeah what are you
doing
or nothing you sure on your shirt yeah
could you know it my tongue my tongue I
burnt my taste buds from doing what
eating shirts no I ate something hot
last night well don't eat things that
are hot okay babe what is this gonna do
Michael it's gonna help you do this
there's one side you got to breathe it
in no clear stuff out it sort of burn oh
you must be allergic to it
what is that right what are you laughing
about
honey yeah oh it's starting to blister
no it's not okay
you will be laughing at me it's
like menthol there's methyl on that
likes smoking know what like other month
ah like the help you breathe it's
burning as normal I'm sick I'm miserable
let's get out of here
but first what I got something for you
what hey everybody welcome to another
edition of pickle boys Gibson I'm a boy
and today I'm gonna show you how to make
grilled cheese and soup for the person
that you love first duck butter okay
I meant to add like a smaller piece of
butter but that's fine we'll do it that
way first step is placing the bread
right down there and the buttered pan
and you're probably like what is going
on
trust me I got a plan all right here we
go folks
we're still confused see I like my
grilled cheeses to have crispy innards
so I put my cheese right there this is
just Kraft okay you'll need no fancy
cheese even though it's not technically
cheese now I'm just gonna put my top
over that we're gonna finish cooking
this bad boy oh this is a sandwich Doug
take notice he keeps trying to challenge
me to a grilled cheese cook-off on my
tub I saw your cheese sandwich it looks
like you fished it out of the garbage
okay
stop while you're ahead if you call that
ahead it's Campbell's I love Campbell's
just cut this thing in half I wish we
both gonna smell that pizza earlier you
know this is probably way better yeah
oh I got that my friends is a grilled
cheese yes I smell it you can write now
huh talk chicken and stars oh my gosh
it's good go ahead you know Bridget
thanks babe you're sick plate say I'll
take care of my girl fry
let's do this outro well that's gonna be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching I feel like crap
hopefully I start to feel better this is
misery I know oh my god I guess I have
to play games all day however will we
cope guys we're getting out of here by
the way before we do you guys today is
one of the last days that you can get
the angry Never Dies t-shirt it is gonna
be gone in just two days I think
tomorrow was officially the last day
that you can get it if you haven't
gotten it check out the link below we
also get other merch if you've already
gotten that check it out guys that's
gonna be it like subscribe favorite fund
everything just my notice is still
burning from that stuff by the way good
are they good hoping you guys gonna
disrespect you then I was a girl you're
sick too
I'm sorry
