oh nice Lauren Wow
makes a well that's really good against
hula and Breanna be rare and when it
comes like that
what's going on you guys keep you on a
camera here rigea West not here she's
asleep again and today is Sunday
and today we're still waiting to find
out if jennifer is coming home today or
not she's either coming home or staying
there for the next week it's like
there's no middle ground
there's no okay if she doesn't come home
today she comes home tomorrow they said
if she doesn't come home today
I mean she's not ready and she's not
coming home until like a couple of weeks
from now so guys today we're gonna find
out if Jennifer's coming home from the
hospital and if you're wondering why
Jennifer's in the hospital and haven't
been watching the previous vlogs
Jennifer accidentally got caught on fire
it's the only way to put it it's like
I'm not trying to be funny it's like I'm
not trying to joke around she got caught
on fire
she was messing around with a fire and
Grandpa's backyard and it can exploded
and it messed her up guys today is
Sunday I'm not going to keep this going
any longer today hopefully Jennifer's
coming home
what up Felix I'm excited for the solar
eclipse is it get out of my face I'm
tired of you and everything you
represent oh it's just chilling with a
little teddy bear looks like Bella good
we got your way all right I'm a cover
this one's okay or not
uh-huh so you feeling hate does you guys
he's always hiding her so this is
refreshing
ain't nobody all right I'll be back
what's going on you guys man look at
this holy crap dude
I'm wolf boy let's start over what's
going on you guys wolf boy behind the
camera here fidgety eye right there and
today um Michael you need to say I'm not
doing it till 330 pounds guys today is
Sunday and today short intro we just got
some good news we got some great in this
guy and you think
ten of his home guys Jennifer just got
back if you haven't been followed watch
we already said it earlier in the blog
but I'll repeat it
Jenny set herself on fire and she's all
kinds of messed up dude she is like she
got skin graft she had surgery she's
home dinner from glad you're feeling
better at least I imagine she's feeling
better she can't feel like she did she's
definitely doing better I think but I
imagine the pain is real so guys today
is Sunday no more intro let's go see my
sister but first let's go get her some
flowers yeah we're going to over to
grandpa's house right now you guys and
as you can see in my hand is candy
Bridget and I found we can't have this
now this is no good for me food
oh I know one of my favorite candies in
the world
liquid goo I love liquid goo and it's
also probably a Harbor scent on my way
if you cut into my blood it will be
liquid goo so I'm getting rid of that
and these little squirrel zipper things
so guys going over to Grandma's house
with a little present for my nephew's if
they like you know kids like candy right
because you like candy come on October's
ones I do did anybody else notice that
she covered the lens with a cigarette
pack hey I've been embarrassing missing
baby kind of slam doors and ice we're
going to Grandpa's house little too hard
I'm covered with wounds with liquid goo
we just got to publish you guys boom we
were getting flowers for Jennifer
because she's finally home I hope you
know for sure she's home yet I'm pretty
confident epal she's confident that
makes me confident Jennifer or glad
you're home
let's get you some flowers yeah look who
cares though from the grocery store
they're flowers okay they're nice
flowers check this out
Wow they're very pretty so what are we
thinking okay I'm thinking this one I
don't worried that one oh I just for now
I like this as you see them okay I like
it too every choice I don't know Buffalo
is up a beat what is that
I don't like oh my god even ice those
are super nice and they come at the base
okay I have a great idea what we can get
those and another boot I'm okay I like
it
and a balloon you tonight Jennifer see
in a minute what does he do
what is he doing I don't wanna dude what
is going on into the world Monday oh my
god
where you going yeah follow fish oh my
god come on we had to follow you know
you're going to get us arrested that's
what you're you hit all those arrested
me just to look on the cop you know not
have been in jail can I talk to you for
the world is that I need you to tell me
never dashes he wasn't a tricky good
thank you
I say to thank me - looking down I've
got to get that a science lesson here
okay the solar eclipse okay
the Sun is going to pass the moon I
should put the pick sighs oh my god dad
is going to arrive vaporize it's gonna
be fine
yeah it's gonna happen to it this is a
very go visit they showed you laughs
you're not fine dad you're gonna feel
really stupid a second and I hate to do
this for you dad the solar eclipse on to
the moon ago aligned in the sky
and we're going to see it's going to get
dark it's going to be a halo you get it
at this point right you understand I
guess I can't lie to dad anymore the
moon is going to disintegrate gonna make
you bigger made man
Wow goodnight hey Gilligan thank you go
to your bear it don't claim to have now
that the moon's going to celebrate 100
several other guy we're going to die say
oh we're hate to see into the warhead is
we're going to die
where does anybody think that we're
going to die look I as long as I was
here as long as this fast thing as it's
a little guy go door we gotta go there's
nowhere to go honey
yes look if you want this head we're
going to die but today love you
last victim grandpa you think whoa it is
do you know how much we love you
he was hardly photobombing you
Oh
muda
you know you do but it's not right hey
Wilfred hopefully were from NASA's new
go to heliport like it let's go Octavia
Pete I'll be there all right behind you
do man
sitting here with Grandpa you guys he
just finished melting down completely
now he's taking a picture with the
youngin guys he thought the way would be
sorry
there you go he thought the world was
ending whoa damn
now he's extra happy because the world
in lighting come on you don't believe it
anymore
no III do see a movie disintegrate
do you really believe them is it enough
for real I mean I hope not tough to die
on your birthday yeah would oh happy
birthday
hey addressing you okay hug thank you
take care doll you have to go anything
hope you're still alive Monday afternoon
I've got time for dyin I don't
understand what that we're gonna get
that information but I feel bad already
and I we followed you why hey Jennifer
oh thanks for flowers we have more in
the car when you're in law school
because she called finer ha ha I got
some more in the car outer get him
Jennifer are you aware of what your
father billet has been believing okay we
have been parked next to Spinks for the
past 30 minutes arguing with Dad over
the solar eclipse being the end of the
world
oh my god what are you thinking is like
an asteroid said like Armageddon he
thought the Sun was being disintegrate
the moon he probably he said he's
engulfed in text right now he's just
probably texting someone okay kids
without boat room
are you serious Ted yeah yeah he's a boy
fidget funny
yeah my not one oh that baby alas no
horn so Wow we did Jennifer here let me
see this
oh my goodness she grow how often you
got to get like skin grafts himself when
my first surgery one more and they're
probably one more after that it's my
whole side
I don't you love you son I can't film
that do that oh my god
that's what whatever hit me with a
camera that was robbed cheap and that's
a red needle geez Jennifer you'll put a
fire anymore well glad you're home we
got you a couple flowers n you guys some
chocolate Reese's Cups I'm Jamie got mad
at me Oh little cool
I was dreaming and Jamie had to pull
over his that might really get the fire
off we get the fire off me
oh man you're PTSD now happy kids well
dad you still worried about the end of
the world ain't going about that anymore
all I have to worry about shaving Lanner
Pitts soon oh my goodness he's one of
them well he's one I'm gonna say you two
cover the lens but because I asked for
my arm going on right now I'm covering
this up myself guys when I talked to
Ginny we'll be back going to be leaving
grandpa's house here in just a few
minutes I'm glad we came over to
Brisbane we would have come over five
minutes later we would have missed
everything
what do you do what was it speaker a mom
I'm on top of my head what do you to
change the creepers walk scent I do or
days it
you can't lift it let's see as I didn't
get bigger so on two days
what does that mean today all when the
Sun disintegrates the moon oh thank God
that stop saying you don't believe it no
more I'm talking about nursing I still
do okay Virginia do need hood says what
okay you do me a big favor
Linda what's about them calorie we were
filming done give me paper okay so now
that leads us off okay I need you to
give him an elementary school lesson on
what the eclipses your inference all
right explain to Grandpa would be
eclipses in pinpoint it moves passage a
is my hover covered Rock step sorry that
was my dig you buy the longitude racer
now is it going to be any in to be any
closer to the Sun rose at the same
distance away and away yes
well goal as a lot that all they are is
aligning with each other right time it's
like three times bigger than the moon so
here is the Sun it's always here right
in the moon was you sure to dab right do
it again
so the Sun right he returned here's the
Sun here's the movie loading in our
little sky boom
I understand the moon is gonna pass I
don't understand I'm sorry what okay
well no let's circle it circle okay
design here's the min all right he's
gonna go oh nice Lauren Wow Nick said
well that's really good look at it don't
pull it up and bring it up earlier and
when it comes like that look gorgeous in
it right I will look right here right
Jenny you do you are angle fire I'll
show you another German it's not going
to do that it's the same it's the same
distance so somehow he's never going to
get it my son is not going to be any
more on Monday having a party we'll see
got you son celebrate you know oh you're
sorry
right grandpa hey CJ I can't mom or
anything would have come as party to -
well other party if the alien comes as
we make contact
yeah that would be yeah wait no we're
you're smart but you'll get you a
millions yeah yeah are you really what
some people live in others lyrics it is
a virtual impossibility that aliens
don't exist
I know oh yeah god there's only one here
that's what that's why I'm tempted to
you why know you're naughty is telling
me that we're alone I did not say that I
said it's virtually a boss you just said
we were alone here he's me if I did say
there was an accent hey hey hey that
killed us against you dad i watch what I
eat insane man there's trillions of
planet
there's no way we're the only living
thing anytime no we're definitely not
every star is Academy right do what
every star - gasps yes you guys okay
co-star now each star is the world over
a large galaxy right biggest one area
and we're on a Milky Way got a literal
knowledge guess you're thinking of
Orion's belt and that is a constellation
in the sky and when I can't Juarez Nick
and I forget you're bigger than minute
boy I hate either just kind of lines I'm
being serious here
no wait please Lori can go cow on buzz
Lauren done here is what is he doing
yeah hello aliens who speaker a a banjo
beating a drum coming oh that's the mood
going to cover the Sun and apparently an
alien is involved
you know is the whole country chasing
today we use it on son
no there's an alien at your door right
now this is good man I'm covering the
with guys if you're worried about the
solar eclipse doc yeah don't worry about
it good don't be like a Latina grandma
oh and if I was Laurie night there
grandpa thank me to Bridget and me yeah
trying to get a shot of Felix it's like
it nope
Clyde why have I ever able to film for
you look like Clyde coming to get them
oh my gosh look he protected his anger
on your barking freshman so that's mine
you would really spray all over the box
oh my god
well that's going to be up for today you
guys thanks for watching I look rough
and here is so Bucky oh man folks 3:30
where are you guys I can't shave this
until 3:30
man if I never reach it dude I'm gonna
be one hairy fool guys that's going to
be it you haven't seen the end of the
world freak out check it out grandpa
just the apocalypse like seriously I
know I see a claw wait so now I'm doing
it it's just an eclipse is the
apocalypse
yeah no big deals the end of everything
no dad it's just the apocalypse again
it's just the Eclipse he got to you
Michael
no it's not he thought no he didn't even
I was in the bedroom a minute ago
talking about you know what would have
been going through dad's mind anyway
guys meta you just saw anyway I'm
getting out of here thanks for watching
you guys if you haven't seen it check it
out like subscribe favorite fun
everything for Josh and Jennifer welcome
home I'm so happy you're home I'm just a
welcome home welcome home
you know
the
a
