I don't know what's going on how did you
do that all right just let me know
please I love you too
what's wrong
yeah oh god it's not what you think okay
yes so they heard you scream and they
took all four SS the scariest part
they don't take off running until they
hear you scream so like oh what am i
busted let me get out of here which
tells me is nobody we know so they're
right here ah what's even scarier what
I'm showing they take off this way yes
what's even scarier is used to back like
that one time we didn't talk about that
I guess we kind of have to I promised I
would eventually I'll do it guys I don't
know if you remember uh months ago the
vlog where we announced that we had guns
in the house which we have guns in the
house the vlog that we announced that we
had guns in the house I told you there
was a specific reason why we had to get
the gun and I told you I would talk
about it eventually now we're talking
about it one day I guess we should start
back then we had a table right here
every morning Bridget would wake up and
she would drink her coffee and smoke
about three dozen cigarettes something
like that no she was no good couple of
6:22 don't lie don't be a liar okay it
was like five right I don't know like
three does it matter you would smoke
cigarettes in the morning okay he smoked
cigarettes he would drink coffee and she
would come inside and chill him and come
back out that was like her morning
routine and one day she comes in and I'm
on the couch I'm on the couch right here
editing the vlog and next thing you know
this door opens just like that and the
guy comes in I didn't recognize him I
definitely call the police on this you
guys the guy walks did he go oh sorry I
was trying well we have a launch service
huh oh let me let's reenact it and this
is Michael's routine not picking up
after himself drinking lots of drinks
and his morning routine and crapping his
pants
because it's our alternative the scene
okay
what we do is y'all you I'm going to do
please don't hurt me I'm already
crapping my head didn't do the right way
yeah no really happen excuse me but I
got some stuff here we're really action
oh my father not have a long service and
I was wondering if you need your lawn
cut now I should have got it like what
but I did I was scared I didn't know
what was going on some guy walked into
the house okay oh like no we're not into
it okay and he left so I called the
police
that's what we bought guns that's why
this is so scary yeah there's somebody's
living here don't say that open why is
it open I remember walking it me too
oh my god
why Wow sorry I'm sorry
clear cuz we're talking about perfect
doc why would you believe that I don't
know
I don't be in fit so I trust you what's
going on you guys can't be on a camera
here the doors here right there today is
fright today is fun Friday oh it is
totally fun Friday only fun yes you're
employing too much you need to stop I
pocalypse guys Oh today is fun
f you in private su and it's not okay
I'll watch the joking about it guys
today is Friday and you didn't see the
video we uploaded destinated somebody
was at our house because I don't
remember what was okay ah you just saw
the intro we were walking around the
houses would you already forget it I've
moved on from that but now I'm
remembering we're not gonna move on from
this because there was somebody at our
home looking in our door it was
terrifying
guys that was an act we made up don't
bear any like this you may be guys
here's the clip I don't know who it was
it's clearly a person Bridget tried to
say with a ghost it's not a ghost why
didn't it go not a ghost
see I would rather if you ghosts you
know I would rather be a good tenant you
like someone just watching what we're
doing how do we not hear the gate shut
that's number one point we usually all
happen the last time - that's right when
a guy came into the house we did his
guys forget today's Friday more - yeah
what nothing
so we're trying to think realistically
on who maybe it was one of our thoughts
was the neighbors that live here because
they happen to knock their ball into our
yard a lot and they have to come and get
it
now there's two problems with that
scenario number one they're moving or
may have already moved and number two
they always knock on the front door
first so I don't know if they would just
show up to the backyard the second could
be that guy that walked into the house
but we actually called the police on
that one they were looking for the guy
and they said they might have gotten
some I don't know it wouldn't have been
him so it borrowed that was your job at
that time here we go folks
I feel good are you crying dinner up
prison hey hey good yes you all right
Bridget I was choking for real because
I'm trying to talk has nothing to do
with it being dry it's good I promise
you feel it hit it stop it yeah no it's
not I love that dude I like out of it
you I like my chicken over time I
stopped Bridget I promise you you dip it
in the sticky fingers office loaded
right
Bridget I love it you're freaking Bella
out sweetie it's okay so good yeah it's
great
all right it's still juicy here sorry
it is a delicious though it's so dry oh
my god is there any chicken juice well
the chicken juice is all business all
this around here
you can cook Bridgette we did we were
talking like 45 minutes 45 minutes I'd
well yeah we were talking about the
stuff guys it's not your fault it's our
fault we didn't Center tighter because
we were talking next to the stove I left
that part out we were chatting right
here by the stove like 45 minutes while
the chicken burned it's okay
okay guys you know today is going to be
a great day when it's crying candy in
the sky
okay there's many things wrong with
everything you just said like way number
one there's my cotton candy in the sky
is the color of content there's a total
difference on candy in the sky in the
sky being the color of cotton candy
number two
it's not going to be a great day because
the day is over with it's like 7:30 oh
my freaking relays I'm just gonna change
your shirt uh what's wrong with my shirt
I don't know even wearing it for like at
least three days oh I don't know Michael
you've been wearing yours Truly's for a
week
no I've got a couple closet of these I
know you don't wanna do no you don't
hang on no you don't yes I do no you
throw up saying your only shirt and it
smells of chlorine what even worse it
was like Laurie
tempest okay well your smells like
buttermilk no it doesn't leave stop okay
so my shirt and then show your surface
Clash of the King to the death match and
you look good right now I'll bet I'm
gonna look horrible on a target really
yes thanks I look rough dude oh those
kind of things
oh no no no no is it really that bad
it's smelly garbage juice no I'm I don't
know what's going on
how did you do that
all right just let me know please I love
you too John Jennifer is in the hospital
because she set herself on fire why she
was there was a big bonfire in the
backyard and she like took gasoline and
flung it on and apparently it caught her
on fire
are you serious dead serious he says
that her talk on fire one fire did fully
engulfed apparently she doesn't have
skin on her stomach Jennifer I love you
what were you thinking I would mind
throwing gasoline on a fire that guys
please think of Jennifer right now
because this is that according to that
it was bad she's going to the hospital
right now Lawrence taking her
we're headed to Grandpa's house right
now you guys apparently the fire truck
that you just saw was headed right to
dad's house
because his backyard is on fire or it
was or the fence or something was on
fire so we're headed over to grandpa's
house this is a bad night this is crazy
so apparently there's a chance that she
could be going to Augusta Georgia
tonight because they are the ones who
are able to treat severe burns
apparently it's severe I don't know
anything about it right yeah apparently
oh this is
this is like this is crazy
Jennifer huh did I say I hate ya this is
anyway we're on our way to grandpa's
house right now you guys I really hope
the fire isn't as bad I'm imagining we
just pulled into a parking lot because
dad is yelling at me on text message
because we are coming over to his house
apparently why doesn't he want to say I
don't know take this I got a call why
does he want Pam I don't know where did
I why does grandpa hate us
Hey
what do you mean you know what what do
you mean you don't want us coming over
yeah you have a fire department at your
house okay you had fire department at
your house I should come over for that I
should be there for that your backyard
is on fire
okay
second
no you're not going to do that
okay
love you
when you call me and tell me what's
going on then all right let me do
we're not going over why are you okay
let me just be him for a minute
oh he warns you to follow somebody heard
this go to the call the fire department
always trying Jim approach dog here just
nothing you can do what you doing coming
on about house you stay for can I just
get you ready I'm clearly tired don't
you have any respect for me can't get no
rest can't get no respect
why are you coming that's pretty much
guys we're not going over there sorry I
bothered you sorry I love you right
and I'm getting text now probably him
yell at me more that was Jamie seen
pictures oh god I can't show them with
you what's going on here oh my gosh
we've taught it at the right time drama
are you getting it yeah I'm getting it
at least we left the house for me
what's going on
we came here at the right time that will
seem get arrested in it I'm just kidding
we're going we can't watch it when I go
in guys we just saw pictures of Jennifer
it's bad can't show it on YouTube ad
pocalypse but I'm sure it'll be on
Twitter it is it is not good yeah it's
pretty sad let's uh try calming after we
get out yeah so um mommy yes Michael sat
in chocolate
how bad is it okay I'm not walking in
the store
Michael we have to go in the store where
did this come from uh your secret shame
no it's nothing Mike hey littering sorry
when I walk to the source as I sit on
chocolate yeah you guys we had a hurry
into the grocery store because it's
closing for some reason the store
decides to close at ten o'clock on a
Friday night no what is that like
nothing is ever open anymore going to be
doing the outro here in just a second
you guys I wanted to give a quick update
on Jennifer finally got all the
information in to find out what happened
excuse me one second has gotten
pitch-black I'm walking to the bathroom
so it's nothing hopefully nothing jumps
out of me guys what happened is Jennifer
was gathering some of the yard trash
just like leaves and there were some
boxes and she was going to burn them and
apparently in the burn pile there was an
aerosol can now initially we thought it
was gas involved it was not it was just
an airsoft hand and it exploded and I
guess it lit her hair on fire and her
clothes were on fire in the yard and now
she is on her way to Augusta Georgia she
is going to George's because they have a
special farm unit there so it's pretty
bad I actually talked to her for just a
second check this out it's funny right
now Jennifer's in the hospital getting
ready to go to Augusta George's burn
unit and all she cares about is the
solar eclipse
it's a life is a life I think
come on be able to see it again I'm 80
yeah you keep messing with trash and
burning and explosions you ain't making
a Devi we're not doing campfire stories
now Jennifer I'm sorry that you're going
through this we're doing the outro in a
second when I want you to know that
we're thinking about you you know I've
been really proud of everything you've
done lately she's not had like she's not
been the most reliable of people when it
comes to you know life and family and
stuff but she's really been working on
fixing all that and dad would not be
here without her am I gonna have two
deaths the true statement dad relies on
her heavily and he you know he else but
you know how dad is he yells because he
loves you know if he's not talking to
you he hates you that's one of the
things I've learned about grandpa's oh
Jenny dad loves you I love you Bridget
loves you we all love you hopefully you
get to feel a better getting out of here
let's do this outro am I getting a cold
I don't want to cold I'm getting a cold
let's do this outro fellas like were
y'all doing right now
Oh have you noticed this purchase yeah
this is one of like Bridget birthday
presents still going to wrap and I do
feel it just shredded this thing up not
y'all guys now Bella oh my god she wants
my guest
she's like a Feliz can destroy it so can
i how much one bet you lost the thing
over I know this is where Roscoe
so anyway felix has shredded this box to
nothing how long's good thing is
completely open oh my gosh then I'll now
what it is you'll already know look he's
already gotten into I don't know what it
is difficult it was a you know then
Felix's Lord open packages I stare
that's not good he was just opening
boxes now okay no well that's gonna be a
pro today you guys thanks for watching
not been a very good day
this is you know something
not a good day Jennifer I don't it's a
hard like situation to approach you know
what I mean and it's like are we going
to give a chance to see her anytime soon
because she's going up to Augusta then
we got a whole bunch of we're gonna find
a way up all right absolutely
we're gonna go see my aunt Jennifer
we're going to see you we're going to
give you a visit if you see this our dad
is going to become be able to go because
he has a you know you know problems but
you know he can't make a trip to Augusta
but he sends his love
oh it's I'm just worried I don't know
anyway Jennifer love you hope you feel
better
guys this is not the way I want to end
the vlog I don't know how long it is it
might be short if it is my apology is
getting out of here
smack a like button if you enjoyed the
vlog if you did give it a like ever
getting out of here like subscribe
favorite I'll write everything to us and
that's it
happy birthday Jenny I really help you
feel better we're going to be using
