nobody's getting notified so guys
to
what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here Richa West not here she's
asleep again and today is Thursday and
today we got a throwback story I just
wanted to do a quick intro we're going
to be doing a real one with Bridgette
when she wakes up because she wants to
be in a guys today is Thursday
Jennifer's on her way over
because last night she forgot her
cigarettes and if speaking of last night
if you didn't see she jumped in the pool
because she thought there was a spider
on her just to think you're thinking
about doing daily vlogs and I don't know
if I told you guys but lately we have
found ourselves a day ahead
which means I'm filming this video on
Wednesday but you're going to see it on
Thursday and the reason we're doing that
is because before this point all of our
videos were all of our videos were like
the day out but sometimes nothing would
happen and we wouldn't start to vlog
until seven o'clock at night which means
the vlog doesn't go up until midnight
and I realized that that's
counterproductive for one the audience
to watch the video to going up so late
affects your numbers I guess it's really
bad to do the day out and it's really
strenuous especially when you're trying
to oh my god you're freaking out it's
seven o'clock and I've got a vlog so
I've learned you know it's easier to do
a day ahead and I found myself thinking
the hardest part about being a day ahead
on vlogs is remembering which day of the
week it is I've learned it for the past
week okay wait a minute what is today
and I don't stop to think all I've got
to do is be like wait what's tomorrow
that's all I've got to do today is
Wednesday okay tomorrow Thursday okay so
then I'll say today is Thursday but it
runs with my head I forget anomic women
is it Friday is it Sunday guys all I'm
going to do is remember what tomorrow is
anyway I wanted to share that I was just
sitting here thinking how foolish I felt
trying to figure out which day of the
week it isn't all I got to do is think
of what tomorrow anyway guys today is
Thursday we're a day ahead it's actually
Wednesday sorry guys let's get this
Wednesday started
she just showed up so first how was it
last by getting home soaking wet from
the pool hey guys when she left our
house yesterday she walked into Burger
King to order food was it freezing in
there you just watch from the giant
thing a lime egg yeah
people were laughing at me and I mean
you can't come in and mommy went what
patio the director they literally made
you leave the store
I was dripping wet how about we talk
about one thing
your kid is evil he's got an evil laugh
- evil intentions guys we'll just take a
minute to relive his lap from yesterday
you are a troll haha seriously that's
the lap of somebody who's just figured
out how to conquer the world this kid
Jimmy got a real ameno a little bit okay
he's losing it yesterday he left this
rain care and he blamed it on me because
he left his gear he left history oh
there it is alright I'm taking it kill
I'm gonna remember ditch for the rest of
my life he said he's gonna remember it
for the rest of it well I didn't talk to
me all night he went straight to bed
because he loves history
he left mister how was it your fault
everything's my fault with Jacob hey
wait a minute folks
where's your wig where's the wig ten-car
is it in the car for real yeah
lead me to the way because if it ain't
there I don't buy it anything should
have grabbed it you all just kissing the
crypt DVD tip ya know yeah the spiders
are not out anymore oh dude what here
I'll get it
that's the prank spider you drop those
already if you're this scared of spiders
guess what October is coming you were
getting bright all Jacob will never
forgive
that's right think about your treat
symptoms I gotta admit I saw this big
bag of chips
I thought we feel a chip not bags all
right you seeing this
oh my gosh think of did that to get out
on purpose so you pull a chip bag what
bags of rice I talked housekeeping and I
told him to fill the bags it's his thing
there it is no way all right did you
really wear it to school yesterday yep
you got proof yep where's the proof
going on YouTube that video are you guys
here's a quick clip from her channel of
her wearing the wig and don't make me a
lock if it's blank means you didn't do
it guys if it went blank there she
didn't do it I did it I look like at the
clown with my hair now people are
calling me anyway
Jennifer's leaving right now you guys
jinnie wise hopefully that clippers in
there she says she went to the school
people were laughing at all my feet oh
oh
me I was hot said they were laughing at
her check out the what's going on you
guys keep you on camera here until I see
eye right there
and today it's Thursday today is
Thursday and before we start off
anything if you haven't seen the video
we uploaded earlier or know yesterday
excuse me the video we uploaded
yesterday which you probably have it
because YouTube's having a really big
issue sending up notifications
thanks a lot YouTube for that check out
this clip you guys anger grandpa how to
breakfast meltdown okay okay the judge
wasn't here she never finally start beat
here you can
make it for you I wouldn't let you baby
no you can't go you know what alright I
know we don't print it all if you
haven't seen the video you guys I
encourage you to check it out YouTube
thinks you're not watching anymore so
show them that you do go watch this
video right now what's up I want to shut
down huh what is this the same me oh my
gosh almost 10,000 subscribers be
serious holy crap that's not you That's
not me I don't have an account huh ha
I'll work on it what do we do is how
many videos do they got on here videos
you want to quit oh it's a screenshot
that's the screenshot no damn a boy just
sent me I haven't looked it up okay guys
how do we get this chair guys that is
not Doug's channel this is the same
account that's been tricking Cindy into
thinking you've been saying stuff you
haven't been saying yeah so angry oh
that's not why she's been so angry but
that's okay it's a good excuse
what's what's the reason she's been so
angry that's Cindy here we go next time
your mom's you're gonna have a lot to
say guys please don't send this clip to
Cindy on Twitter or anything yeah don't
do that if you had to say one thing to
send you writing that what would it be
keep by Oh all right guys we're getting
this Thursday started I might have a
throwback story for you in fact I will
be I do have a throwback story Doug are
you done all done do one boy and do this
i'ma show everybody what the camera just
did hold on this is how angrily he
covered it folks look at it okay you
don't have a light here here we go
leave it you flipped it and then went
totally up there we go
did you sell me do that yeah I did
okay here's channel oh go there use the
picture of Doug with his bald head there
close all that giggles Thank You those
the year 2000 views I'm swimming with
angles are silly just straight up took
you swimming with dad oh my gosh oh my
god they took the other vlog we just
said I went psycho where's this fishing
at the lake clip come from hello Claire
Doug's like watching video someone
uploaded him to decide where they came
from
well this one's awake oh yeah it was
yeah so cry tears quitter oh you took JC
that day that's right yeah you're taking
your Twitter videos they're taking my
vlogs won't work on them yeah I work on
it is there a specific reason you're so
angry about yes not me it's not my
channel it's somebody impersonating me
there's like a well I can't repeat it ad
pocalypse but there's some pretty
raunchy channels about me oh me tell
days of want gone or goes oh definitely
well just saw something outside I wanted
to show it on camera because it's both
horrifying and terrifying and I'm
terrified fogging up I was on the phone
with Grandpa you guys just now and I saw
this oh my god this thing is terrifying
bro you know what Michael respect the
spiders they didn't respect him in the
movie arachnophobia and look at that
turned out no more spiders no it's over
down there Doug maybe you can tell us
what kind it is
Bridget actually hasn't even seen it yet
so she's in for a surprise
that's banana spider a banana spider is
this because Brisbane buying bananas
whoa whoa leave him alone
don't miss wonder good run there good
luck good luck huh I don't feel that
lucky right now adays I can use some
good luck not because if it was up
underneath your eaves that means bad
weather we're not killing it right yeah
oh no oh my god no wonder what happened
to Cameron touches him no oh my god my
heart I'm going in I'm done
oh why is it moving the web's moving no
nice and moving he's moving the web yeah
I don't want to alarm you what how are
you there's something on your face I was
talking about the pimple what this giant
yeah you have another earth stop it
make razor what Doug is crazy stop I
don't know what to do I got a pop and
there's a spider I said oh god cops rock
the boat we will watch net
it holy crap that thing is huge
you go Michael there's a spider this
stuff's not funny so friend you know not
funny my glass is broke
Doug is fixing to leave real quick you
guys number one thank you for helping us
put up the bar thing yes appreciate it
so much as a way to say thank you
Bridget wanted to give you something
oh the others folks custom Jason
controller with like bullets and stuff
oh cool that's the fake thank you
because you helped us a lot
I'll wear this one up real soon yeah
look at the back up and everything sweet
so hope you like it Doug oh yeah this
thing right here will glow with the
light so guys I don't know if you know
it Jason or Jason Doug plays Jason with
Bridgette every night every single night
every single night
anything is Doug doesn't really know how
to play he is getting a lot better
we got another surprise guest in the
vlog today everybody why are you just
chillin over here fully clothed anodd
swimming okay you're tired right on the
bottom of the pool a big spider and it
can't be bigger than that spider oh mama
shoulder right now no greater than that
one it was bigger it was a kissing no no
you boys want to see a big spider
oh wow follow me right here oh my oh my
gosh
whoa it's moving special 1x Patterson
getting bigger than that you know about
banana spiders yes Jamie House a banana
spider was that big you lie alright look
at making finance letters up are you fun
in a big you guys
now man what's the biggest banana spider
you ever seen is it this one it was a
leaf
alright I think when I make it only here
without getting wet Manny plays bed yes
no I'm getting wet yeah no you're
getting wet eating it
everybody thinks I'm losing yeah I will
be first all right
are you guys getting out of here going
to be doing the outdoor just a few
minutes spend some time with a fam and
this is my shovel I know I'm never gonna
all right you guys we're gettin out of
here
well at least they are I'm gonna go
swimming then I'm going back into a
little more life then we're doing the
answer I hope you liked the vlog it's
not the like button if you like when we
go all day
smack the like but if you watch up to go
off that cuz that's what we do all day
every day it's every day bro you like
Jay Paul yeah he loves Dave both what
are you up to this kids doing something
Oh get that shower for me no do you like
Jake oh yes you can
okay bro govern this land wait what do
you mean no you showed Papa
Jake Paul you love Jay Paul macula
before yoga guys you lyin he better
didn't kiss me on the camera everybody's
gone you guys are gonna be doing the
outro here in just a second I just
wanted to take a moment to say thank you
to everybody who's given such positive
feedback one forget was me so we were on
again well such positive feedback on the
video where I weigh myself or I tell you
what I weigh I you know told you
yesterday that I weighed 370 pounds
down from almost 400 and I know 370 is a
loss going on but you know what I mean I
was like so I was like 395 for something
but guys there was a lot of positive
feedback so thank you guys from the
bottom of my heart you know I didn't
want to tell anybody went away okay I
screwed myself up and it was how to let
myself get that big evening man
surprisingly I'm not more that's that's
the shocker right I should wait more but
anyway don't do the outro Jennifer glad
you stopped by
it was a lot of fun to go swimming guys
getting out of here time to do the outro
let's do this well that's going to be it
for today guys thanks for watching
really good day it's been a really good
day guys before we get out of here I
want to take a minute to ask you guys to
turn on notifications for the angry
grandpa show channel there's a problem
going on in YouTube right now for
certain channels that just aren't
getting their notifications delivered
and the anger example show channel is
one of them Tippie on a cameras fine
yeah those notifications have been going
out lately yeah I've been getting ours
but the angry grandpa show probably
because we weren't uploading for a
little bit of time there nobody's
getting notified so guys what is that I
don't know
what do you think that was
turn on notifications you guys if you
haven't seen guys okay now hold on I
don't know what that was
don't don't scare me okay please we got
to do this outro
guys one of the problems going on in
YouTube right now is they're not sending
on notifications and one of the channels
suffering from that is the angry Grampa
show and so to combat that I want you
guys to go to the video number one make
sure your notifications are turned on
for the channel and go leave a comment
what that will do is show YouTube that
you want to see it and to encourage you
guys to leave a comment right when this
video goes live angry grandpa is going
to be on that video leave in comments to
everybody back and forth for the first
hour so guys go check it out grandpa I
hope you know how to use the computer
yesterday he was leaving comments he
didn't know how are you still freaking
out yes but what's that I don't know but
I don't want to I walk in the front the
vlog is still going on you guys because
after that happened you know I put the
camera down and I guess I should tell
you guys the update what's been going on
I put the camera down and I started
looking for anybody that was in the area
I called my dad and I asked him if
Jennifer and the boys were there yet and
he said that they had been there which
means it was not her I talked to her and
I I made her promise was it her she said
it was not her bridges trying to say it
was a ghost it's not a ghost this is a
serious subject okay I'm not going to
play around and say that's it goes
somebody was at our back door okay I
thought about calling the police
it reminds me of when I was you know in
Orlando and something did this or
covered this and you can see it reflect
over there to bridge it I don't know
what was that guys let me know in the
comments sections if you have an idea
we're going to be doing the actual here
in just a second but first I wanted to
do a throwback story I promised one
earlier and I sort of forgot but now I
remember might as well do it right you
guys I wanted to tell a story that I've
told before that ties into what's going
on right now it's about the time our
house got broken into our proud
and being I told her before I'm going to
do a quick runner that you guys
basically when I was a kid we got wind
that there was a problem listen if you
don't know what a prowler is it's like a
homeless person or just somebody that is
like lurking around it was a homeless
guy and he was living in the woods and
he was breaking into all the houses and
we lived on meadow field road and Gaston
and everybody was afraid it was the
summer of the prowler everybody was
going to look out the prowlers loose the
prowlers here oh the Prowler was spotted
on like the ball field and burning gas
and guys everybody was talking about the
Prowler he was loose and one night he
broke into our house so dad calls me and
he says hey Michael
get over here with your mom the Prowler
is in the house next to your grandma's
house now we lived about five houses
down from my grandmother at the time so
we take off down the road we get to my
grandma's house and there's police
there's people with flashlights that's
chaos
everybody came around to see if they
could find the prowler apparently he had
been living in the house next to my
grandma and when he was found he took
off running now long story short we
spent the whole night looking for the
Prowler and everybody was trying to find
them and nobody found them and we go
home the nights over we want to go to
bed we get home and our back door is
wide open
the Prowler was in our house that's why
that was scary
even more terrifying as the fact that
like I said the boys weren't here so
what was that was we got to get the
security cameras back around in Brisbane
yeah like guys if you're wondering why
we don't have two security cameras it's
because they're pieces of crap and they
kept falling off line and we didn't hook
them back up and now we got that scary
when we're doing this outro that's going
to be a pretty day you guys thanks for
watching I didn't realize the blog was
going to extend any longer so this is
the second hour we're going to hurry it
guys
like I said early
go check out the video we uploaded
yesterday because YouTube totally
screwed the pooch or the guys we're
getting out of here kind of scared to go
to sleep like I'm not going to sleep are
you saying well not really
yeah and then sip all night let's just
bring the security like more flights to
earlier now I guess it's that noise
again why is it we have to turn out Rose
I'm not gonna sleep like guys favorite
everything what are you scaring me with
what yeah
so
