jinnie it's gone here I'll give you the
rice okay what is that wow it's all you
wait Tim stop if not you
what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here to us here right now and
today is what today is Wednesday and
first and foremost before we say
anything else if you haven't seen the
video we uploaded in the main channel
check it out
angry grandpa had a total breakfast
freak out you got to see it
Jennifer my apologies if you want to see
a preview check this out you know my IRA
I know we don't for him at all he went
totally crazy grandpa it's just
breakfast it's just bright just fat head
guys if you haven't seen the video we're
going to look completely frozen while
you pause this and go see it okay you're
scaring front of actually you look
actually well I the second thing
happened right before we started filming
this vlog Jennifer was here and we made
a bet with her guys check this out
Jennifer ladies and gentlemen wants to
show you guys her new hair it's new and
provided I think it looks good beyond
that what do you think Dad oh man wait
up wait a hive of a woman's self-esteem
okay
they look good yeah it's totally cute it
does another particle calling a penny
wise or sorry hired hands of Apollo me
generalized I cut before heritage guys
you're wondering she's wearing away she
is wearing a wig right now because
apparently in the garbage video she
looked like Pennywise the clown yeah and
everybody started calling her Jenny why
take a look at this I gotta admit you
look like Jenny why this clutter Nate
ever wish we would've by now that's not
funny so instead of getting extended
your are you really gonna start wearing
this I like it a lot so your brushes I'm
just what do you doing
thank you I'm brushing it yeah
oh my god there's nothing wrong with
your hair nothing wrong with your hair
when I look at this hair oh my oh my
body I'm going to remember it as Jenny
why so you won't wear that yeah
alright go ahead I mean Jennifer would
rather wear a wig than be her real self
I mean I think the wig looks alright um
you don't back horse oh yeah you see
that tag on the hanging down your
forehead okay Taylor trying to hurt her
head Christ it's gonna fit right if I
put pressure right here there how's that
all right not bad looking great so your
hair it's not that bad okay I'm calling
you out
I'll see you can last a week wearing
this wig watching what are you being
Bridget
Eileen can make a bet that all right
make the bed Alex don't go to school
tonight you better bring your phone and
blog I will
guys Jennifer's gonna be uploading
videos on her channel with the wig I
don't think she's gonna last a week in
it if you really why is she wearing this
thing okay Bridget what do you want to
do for dinner oh man we still got to
clean up this disgusting fridge Joe
Strummer nothing Freddie
Sophia those French onion dip sar about
six years old so al tonight what about
opening this okay you're saving there
yeah but we're not eating on anymore so
I'm not ashamed I'm not ashamed of the
old ice cream we see and just to prove
it that we're not eating it I want to
show you how freezer burn it is because
I was gonna let that stop I was opening
it
I got ill yeah look at the
crystallization on the ice cream plus we
don't know we're cooking I'm thinking
Bridget two girls chicken wraps better
than my idea I was gonna say Brussels
sprouts and ham oh we did not be
together anymore or joking okay guys
we're getting some groceries here's our
fridge we'll be back okay that that well
is that I tried to spin it in I fail let
me try it
alright guys you see all right here's a
pro giving it okay this is it folks what
do you say we go nights when I Bridget
oh my god okay you win I might be end
she's in okay I'm in okay shower today
like the only ones I pulled over to the
side
whoa scared me yeah I know else cares
we're the only ones sitting in the grass
right now seriously you think nobody
cared Bridget it's like oh the other
house is on fire
yeah you know there's their house isn't
so it's not come on my house is fine I'm
going to pull over for them go over when
you hear an ambulance or a fire truck or
whatever you ain't guys you know pull
over
yeah we're here at Walmart let's go
inside yeah all numbers now my lunch day
one two three four five six seven eight
all I think that guys oh they're
delicious and you know what like that
all right we are at the store right now
and it's time for us to get our stuff so
let's do it you ready Bridget yeah I'm
ready
we need more MORE
you're talking about these oh I am babe
brother green so it was a mate oh finish
I think they're green how about you get
these and I find some made of garlic and
butter Michael I can have that yeah but
everyone I'm getting the spoiler control
and fathers I'm getting the spinach
money we got we came for folks now we're
going up okay I'll be honest I thought
that was our car right there oh my god
hi oh they stolen stealing our car I
turn this out this here let's go
sauteing up some red yellow and green
peppers because guys these are gonna be
more like chicken fajita brats I need
some green bell pepper to go on that so
that's what we're doing first
next up chicken which the oven is
preheating for that right now
music goes good right now you guys got a
saucepan put a little low-sodium soy
sauce in there just for a little bit of
a little bit of spicy element
I just got wind that grandpa is live on
Twitch right now which by the way what a
triumph
you guys grandpa hasn't been on Twitch
in a long time since definitely before
July 4th
ever since the diagnosis he's back on it
but the reason I'm vlogging about it
right now is because somebody told me
Jennifer is on the live stream now I
want to see she's wearing the wig at
this point in time nobody knows that she
has to wear the wig we are filming a day
ahead I want to see she's dedicated she
wants some hair extensions Jenny we'll
find out if you wearing that wig Lillian
is Jennifer's wound in the wig that is
dedication right there boy giver is
wearing the way not other what she's
freaking out about
they're both freaking did the volume go
what is going on here
what's my favorite TV show here we are
making our little rats got some sour
cream salsa that's fat-free sour cream
peppers and the grilled chicken oh yeah
good I know I suppose really good too
that's our dinner tonight folks
I don't know what else we're gonna be
doing we got more vlog to live because
we're just I don't know what I was gonna
say I don't know good I'm so hungry but
I'm not like making yeah the thing okay
we're eating right now jennifer is back
because Jacobs school is having a little
food drive right now the school year
again so we're giving a whole bunch of
old cupboard stuff to Jennifer who's
still wearing her wig what is it what oh
Jenny chill so she called police
Jennifer the spider is going to lower on
your bags if you don't pick a color
screen Jenny you're alright you're not
wearing the wig
Christy
Jennifer best garbage just get your food
your bag go arrest we got it no no don't
mess with the spider leave the spider
alone well a call mom no you are a troll
uh-huh Jacob through a little piece of
Apple and hit the spiderweb and the
spider disconnected and Bridget freak
guys how long till the police show up
that's the question
sure
eight you did making about five years
ago right there you got to get that
stuff oh yeah I forgot about that one
ma model off the bed anyway stop
oh you finn balor like what are you
doing what is on your shoulder oh that's
it you want Frank mama all right I got
it
we're doing it Ginny it's gone
here I'll give you the rice okay what is
that Wow
it's all you wait - ah if not what you
dude it's not I warned you Jennifer it's
not on you is your phone in your pocket
I fear something floating what is that
floating down here alone all the way
down oh my god oh my god oh I thought
senior fool Mike why did you jump an old
joke oh he goes into a full alive Rob
the spiders I mean am i proud yes yes I
mean I thought I was too scared of a
college it doesn't work
Jennifer what I'm saying is look ahead
of you what's bluffing
mom dive under the water oh my god what
is ice ice under water you going to
water it like a snake okay it's not let
me go deal with the cops I'm sure
they're on the way oh yes officer
because I'm sure it's happening we're
going to be getting out of here in just
a second for the altro Bridget how funny
is it that we were talking about going
night swimming
yeah and now Jennifer went night
swimming inadvertently yeah Jenny my
nice swimming guys and she's outside
freezing let's go check on her
going to be getting outta here in just a
second you guys before we do I wanted to
talk to you guys for just a minute first
of all sorry that the vlog is so short
we actually have some footage of Bridget
playing Friday the 13th but somehow I
deleted it off the camera it's gone
Bridget went crazy she was killing
people she was running him over in the
car she's a troll is good she was she's
doing you guys they're good fixing to
get rid of the ability to kill people so
she's doing you wash again
but anyway getting out of here in just a
second you guys I just want to take a
minute to talk about yes she just did it
again folks with glory did it again just
killing people
it's like Terminator 2 you can't just go
around killing people
guys I thought she's doing getting out
of here I just wanted to say how happy I
am to see dad up and going right now he
did twitch that was awesome he came he
got the 55 Chevy that was awesome he's
freaking out he's before he was just
like and now to see him like getting
back to his old self I'm really happy
and terrified happy because they're
giving back to his old self terrified
because I don't know what's coming guys
we're doing the outro in just a second
we're just killing people on this game
gah come in the car you can hear me cuz
of the car
Bridgette ultimate all here they come
you should go you should feel bad karma
get her Jason over here this princess I
don't know who that is
oh is that a really annoying girl yeah
is sheis a bad boyfriend yeah oh yeah I
know they are kid behind the camera yeah
I just like their videos all the blood
just not this one right I hate that
girl's so much this is so annoying
you know me too yesterday's vlog you
guys I told you that I will not be
shaving my head or my face until I reach
330 pounds and parsley regret them
saying it but I got to stick to it now
it's going to keep me on the diet right
now I wait 370 pounds now you know you
are now much I weigh 370 when I started
the diet was close to 400 not still in
close to 4 under but I was 390 something
bonds you guys so it's crazy that's
where I am so I can't shave this until I
lose 40 more pounds man that's the deal
you guys you upload me I won't drop the
camera you guys want to know how much I
weigh there you go how much does
pickleboy weigh a lot 370 pounds and you
still see me or not let's go to this
outro well that's going to be up for
today you guys thanks for watching
for instant roll the whole bunch of
people on Jason today I did and I mean
it's like it was a random they asked for
it I was a better troll like ask for
now it's like they're talking crap well
that's what happens folks guys present
told a bunch of people on Jason we ate
some rat
Jennifer came over and jumped in the
pool that was I might know oh yeah that
was generous crazy what are you doing
anyway guys we're getting out of here
thanks a while oh gee you said yeah
Mickey let's go bugs my mustache oh not
really
guys I'm getting out of here like this
guy favorite ordinary thanks does I love
you guys so I love you
