hey yeah I can't what get out of my
chain
I'm just looking at it you know it can
be good all summer I'm here not you in
stealing that night I'm gonna get that
money get on back hey what's going on
you guys get me out of camera here Yeah
right there and today our house smells
horrible
why are you telling everybody that cuz I
tell them everything what guys okay or
how stinks not awful if you're wondering
why it's because sandwich made us still
only count are behind me yeah it is what
it is guys we don't clean it's
disgusting and clean and later
it really does think it does smell like
hot garbage with boiled cabbage running
tomatoes feces um um um dead animals hey
dead animals
Bridget's feet pick a boy today is
Tuesday and today if you didn't see the
blog we uploaded yesterday I asked you
guys to click like if you wanted to see
grandpas complete and utter meltdown you
did that's being uploaded tomorrow you
guys want to see it
angry grandpa had a total freakout now
I'll show you guys a little preview this
was that good no man can come in you
ain't been gfriend's good eh right I put
the kids on a freakin yeah mm easy
breakfast
guys it was crazy that's going to be
tomorrow you wanted to see it young man
and straight crazy its dude he's
absolutely insane I don't know what it
was about I can't wait for you guys to
see it anyway today is Tuesday and today
we're taking her nephew shopping yep
clothes shopping shoe shopping the work
school shopping you want to throw his
limbs I do now that you did I can cover
the land Hey
yeah do you guys remember how in
yesterday's vlog I told you that you can
usually tell it's going to be a good day
or not when you see the weather well
today is going to be another one of them
days folks look at this it's oh look at
that cloud
Bridgette holy crap this cloud right
here is going to be solely responsible
for the monsoon on our house
it's horrible weather as usual it's like
oh my god a tornado behind you oh my god
tornado Oh seriously did you think what
you think is gonna happen there I really
thought you place to leave it
okay I had you have to at least check
what's going says over for NATO behind
you you're look you can tell is gonna be
played horrible weather today Bridgette
and all I could think about is if we
don't take the boys to get their school
stuff today dad is gonna freak oh my
gosh we're gonna have to do it either
way guys grandpa has a pattern of when
you say you're going to do something and
you don't do it to just totally freak
out
oh my god after everything that he did
yesterday I really don't wanna he has a
pattern to when he says something it's
final yeah that's final
yeah yesterday take them couch up
anymore yes sir okay so that's it
Aurora's a nice yellow text does
dinner's at 2:00
all right what if I'm doing something at
2:00 so guys we have no choice otherwise
she's gonna freak I know like I said
after yesterday I don't want to know
what else is in store I know he he's
getting ready to blow I know something's
coming I don't know what I know dude he
is so mad at something it's extra mad my
extra extra angry like I don't
understand what it is dad will you talk
to me we open up please instead of
breaking something thank you
we're going to Grandpa's house you guys
let's go school clothes shopping
Syd we can bail out a fast friends now
she just totally left me that's all
alone Oh oh my god
they all just run away fighting abuses
like I'm out
oh I don't know what just happened you
guys one second I'm looking at battle
and Felix the next thing you know ladies
run into Felix and Clyde's running into
blade crazy hey what's up girl
Shirley why's it so dark right now look
I don't have an answer for you Bella the
weather is with all kinds of funky stuff
it seems like it's midnight every day
now this is ridiculous
Sheila is it time to go to bed already
like I just woke up sorry go anytime you
go to bed you uncovered his lens away no
at least pretend to lunch for the camera
there we go oh okay what's he like bites
my face oh she wanted a ha short year
lucky girl that's so sweet
why you're going to get her freaking out
she's going to bite you in the face
so what's not important no more we're
just about to leave over to Grandpa's
house you guys we look and it's raining
I want to go swimming in this freaking
people what was it looks so peaceful
what about hear me out okay if we blow
off grandpa okay and we just go swimming
and have a day for ourselves
yeah okay I know I'm going to need you
when he breaks the TV apart I'm going to
need you to clean up all the glass know
what we should say is we're both really
sick with like the flu and then we go
swimming we're going I know but it looks
so peaceful it was really pretty right
now do I
yep thank you do i yes
thank you all right you boys ready to go
get some school clothes yeah yeah yeah
no let's go to the beach as my new
background starts later oh there we go
swimming at your house
you can't go small right now cuz you got
to get shoes and clothes yeah we can go
to your house Eagles runners Oppo your
anyway it's gonna be raining buddy yeah
look at the weather over here
Raymond is water okay lightning now is
water thundering on my new who owns
covered us Jimmy I
Jordan high-tops what are those yeah
those are way too all comfortable mom
your wheels are like this you don't know
nothing about possible shoes oh oh okay
real quick everybody ready
Wow Amy here Oh ended here you've got a
ball they are some Sun is buddy got you
boo I was at your shoot well measure
your foot really I put the sauce on the
table I'll be dude about that night why
are your shoes thing oh no Tito the best
last night are we lying yeah guys
relying if he don't think so Johnny you
are nine and a half I like that I'll be
bet you are
a three yeah do you want sketches - yeah
no dough no sketches anything no yeah
yeah those are Skechers no dog energy
light yeah by sketcher know it no I
stopped yells okay hon you can tell him
nothing and tag buddy I promise you it's
my Skechers these are my old eye look
with the prairie not my style no no I
mean you like them don't have issues
you like those Johnny business exercise
I might be the style now hey I don't
want my visited you want yeah I mean if
you like it I feel like it's made out of
like nothing but if y'all why dude this
is not even a pound like it sounds it's
like like maybe two ounces
I brought along well try them on
yeah oh nice oh I love those home gym
yeah yes
hold this for me oh oh my God we're
going to kick out
we just love getting those shoes
everybody now we are at Cole whoa oh my
good
if I want to fall on I demand someone
grab the camera for me in filming oh
gosh we're walking into Cole's right now
to get close they got their shoes good
time glad you boys got some shoes you
excited oh well no dog crap yeah give me
the very things right now baby
okay we're being too loud in the store
can we go anything offering de cachi so
again now get up and get some clothes
quits encouraging Velma I'm on a boy
where's Hannah
no oh my goodness I'm not good job so
we're closed right now looking for
shirts shorts and pants how many pairs
of shirts that we got how many five each
Andy's here oh are you okay a lot Andy's
here oh okay she's on the ground get up
everybody get up
oh my gosh Leah so I'll get paid now
let's get up this is Alison my head it's
your head okay I really think so no Andy
has left he's in college he's gone for
any here no no he's not stop this
anything okay I'm gonna call hey Michael
can we please shop for clothes I busted
my head we almost got kicked out of the
shoe store I don't want you kicked out
of goals okay I'm sorry
hey Jennifer is this the first time
you've been here since you got fired oh
I remember yeah I want you to click the
like button before if you wanted to hear
the story you did Jennifer got fired
from this store for costing at nearly
$20,000 her first night it was about
that's not two weeks yes it still is
about two weeks but still what did you
do okay
that's posed to train you they did train
you they put me on a register for eight
hours or fake money yeah I tried to do
the same training and guess what I got
it I was on the road for the next day I
only sent me clothes for a firm that had
nothing to add no idea didn't people
bring me checks what happened was I kept
putting it in and out in and out and
keep going over and over with the
channel don't speak loke let the store
know what you did to them I'm so sorry
that charges there are 40,000 dollars
that's a story you guys Jennifer kept
like running checks and coffee do it I'm
so sorry
laughter huh in here
amy is here here we go we're just having
fun on that who's were like shopping for
clothes
I don't nobody does that we do hurry up
and leave Oh to me she's like getting it
comfortable and stuff she's like under
these clothes right now
yo hey yo Jenny there's someone coming
here for one there's somebody coming
crane I get rid o xq today okay we're
good actually good and sterilized room
funny people Michael we're leaving
Kohl's right now you guys the kids got a
whole bunch of clothes
now we're head about to Grandpa's house
for a little bit of dinner Wow who's ray
wasn't pepper steak Oh what's pepper
estate pepper steak I'll make the for
estate you know like pepper or sake no
what do you like chicken that's it yeah
well guess what you haven't all right
pepper steak oh let's get in some
chicken sometime next week or now yeah
Carolyn Berta what do you think about
tonight instead of tomorrow we splurge
and get my food no I'm hungry
look how high she is because she pooped
her pants rail trailing behind it
Bridget pooped her pants and cold and
now we're chipping anywhere in the car
oh okay you had to take it too far
it's over they got the school clothes
it's always retired huh
well you to the tires to exhaust it who
let you swing up the G okay why is the
pages that were not you I had to walk
around the store oh wow you had bunch of
wallet pay for it miss your question why
you got so many one I still have one
with you the stripper yeah I got one go
put my pants oh no sir Oh what is all
this
j-just let change that's not bad schools
flops why do you collect change in one
because I gotta buy school supplies
that's how we'll do it
you thought that's always
a weird thing where any pennies anything
get hurt you up Amy
come here that's because you've changed
you probably I'll take it I don't have
any change in my pocket you tell me I
know you got to go I don't have I'm what
up everything's digital these days man
no you don't give me your money that's
all why would that be I don't know what
you go use your money
yagi you still fo please walk around and
start changing I love nothing I think
he's trying to take it right now no in
my bag how are you doing well we had a
good time I like 25,000 black floor is
lava okay yeah that was like the most
melodramatic floors a lot of everything
was here to cover the win what get up
hey yeah okay what get out of my chain
I'm just looking at it you know it can
be good that all summer
you're not even stealing my money I'm
gonna get my money get on that make it
no you got in my bag my bag
oh my god but once you you can't I just
want to look to what I haven't think
quarters in a long time doing stealing
my man and that there's good spot I
wasn't paid on your notebook because you
gotta steal his quota that is not true
with eyeliner to put the circle where
your cigarette lighter your lighters
yeah
hello then get it here what is he
talking about I don't know guys this is
what I talk about when I said there's a
blow-up coming is coming there's no go
out yard it out I can tell is so old
green year hello just kidding I ain't
over changed you be like a shit ball a
lot of something told you
Michael we usually do I will do any I
want love oh my gosh the bag is gone
where's my chain where's the chocolate
on Thursday where oh my gosh
uh-huh you look be either I read you
guys guys we're leaving okay we're going
home you ain't go I know it dad I didn't
try to take you anywhere you a cab
got it now no you're like is why I
believe I'm gonna count as you do you're
not going to steal your chain I know all
those in you how much enough he don't
can you don't know so you ain't even
done got a tall one he's not a frigate I
can't turn out three four no we're not
filming it we are on our way to the
grocery store right now you guys we left
grandpa's house and it's finally raining
yeah it seems like all day is been
toying with us
the Sun comes out the Sun Goes Away it's
sprinkled it goes away now it's starting
to rain hopefully it doesn't rain too
hard until we get home that would be
awesome
that would be fantastic yeah listen
mother nature I know you're a cruel
mistress sometimes oh yeah she's bipolar
but come on chill chill out lady come on
and what a trick it's completely true
guys we thought it was an empty space
and a wasn't oh my god
guys I know there's gonna be a bad day
but things just went right up this way
to all
oh man please Bridget
oh let's go folks we ought to make our
frame up for dinner it's ready grata
here oh I had to go to the water I am a
mistake of a person I had to shoot first
person leaving the store what was I
thinking let me get this open
Oh No got it
Bridget's not opening okay the cameras
safe we died you got your time it's
faith back or netletter
we're home right now you guys for
cooking dinner as we told you once a
week starting last Tuesday we're going
to start exploring just once a week just
to bring us back into normality and then
go back into losing weight again I've
lost another 5 pounds since last week
I'm feeling good today we're making
Alfredo chicken guys right now we are
cooking the chicken and breathing is
doing the alfredo sauce which is heavy
cream garlic parmesan cheese and butter
yeah yeah sounds good now we're doing
our chicken well be back in just a
second before the chickens finish I'm
going to add some of these frozen peas
not a whole lot you want a few though
Brizzy doesn't really like them but I do
so frozen peas go right there and
they're going to cook with your chicken
people like what is he doing something
delicious that time to finish up
Bridget's mat repeat it look good I'm
just doing this so Bridget can record me
do it looking like a chef okay which one
you want to go in first this yeah okay
first this is our chicken sweet pea
mixture oh yeah
oh yeah is that we're stirring around
some chicken sweet peas now your alfredo
sauce looks goofy right now but it's
going to thicken as it sits see there's
a lot of starch in the noodles starch is
going to thicken this sauce so this is
what do you look right now
nice job Bridget thank you I'm a-okay
with this yeah my homemade bread right
here yeah this was not spore watch I
will never stop make this a joke um
she's gonna always do it first okay now
we've done that you cover it up
how fredo was done we're gonna let it
fit
nice job Bridget here we go folks look
at it oh my god this looks so good
Bridget hey guys any of one thing what
did it funny that already had it in my
hand
why is your parsley flakes in your
kitchen because I knew you were gonna
need it both top a little bit of Alfredo
with Bridget
you killed it ah yes I did it's almost
the end of the day one of the things
that I do at the end of the day is just
go through my tweets and the comments on
these videos yeah I've seen you posted
I'm gaining weight even though I want to
die I read your comments trust me guys
I'm reading your comments I'm reading
the tweets and I just noticed a tweet
that came from my friend Isaac well
rather Isaac's mom guys I saw this and I
had to grab I was crying I was laughing
so hard you guys Isaac's mom tweeted him
this I think Michael Greene is sexy
Isaac I think I'm going to be your
stepdad number one Bridget you got some
competition number two I know and number
three I greatly appreciate it because I
don't get that very much thank you mrs.
guess
I don't know if you last things gas I
know but look thanks a lot I appreciate
it I know I'm a sexy so right now some
chick is trying to kill brick do it
bridges running
she got to turn around eventually coal
bridge you can do it we have of you mess
with bridge or in this game let's go do
this outro folks well that's going to be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching
pretty good day see you it it's been a
really good day guys we went shopping
with the boys
grandpa yelled at me about this change
and guys i have a real anger inside me
that I named yesterday's vlog he's never
going to change
or it's whatever never going to change
when I could have named it this one what
had to do with the change I shoulda oh
this one's got the title that it's got
anyway you guys pretty good day a lot of
people have been asking me when am i
cutting this and what am i cutting this
I want to know too because I love
whatever you saying I look like a baby
well anyway you gotta leave I made a
decision when I get 330 pounds that's
when I'm shaping it so that could be
like eight years from now but that's
what I will not I promise
and this is bad to say I promise I will
not shave this until 3:30 which means I
mean they're sticking on this diet or
I'm never say when they got guys this is
this is this could be bad for me folks
we're doing we could do it and British
shaves her head at 1:30 no you're
getting your head shaved bald and I'm
tattooing Michael right here oh my god
pick guys you're getting out of here are
you all killed out now and you killing
people on Jason ah ah she's not killed
as she both get out of here like
subscribe favorite aren't everything
just
I'm at it I'll let me guys so much
virgin girl freedom thank you
