forget it what we're out of here what
what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here for do us here right there
and today is Monday today is Monday and
today the weather is awful it's going to
storm it's going to storm so you know
that means don't say you're part of 13
you guys like you hate it I hate it when
it's all day it is never all that okay
we have to go to Dad's house today oh
and maybe after storms either way we're
going over to Grandpa's house today you
guys if you didn't see the video we
uploaded yesterday you got me a car it's
probably one of the better vlogs we've
ever uploaded you guys anchoring they
got me really they made me think
grandpa's car was stolen check this out
tell me what I didn't tell him anything
hello we're not going I love a dream
garden we came back cause I didn't want
to do anything but how does they get it
ready yeah I'll give it to you it was a
really good prank was really solid I
know I embarrass my coffee anyway guys
today keep up you're gonna tell I know
it was good today's my dad gettin outta
here by the way we're haunted and we'll
talk weather
I want to show you what it looks like
when you know it's going to be a bad day
like everybody has those days where you
just wake up you walk around you like
you know what today's gonna suck I just
know it today is going to be an awful
day let me show you what that looks like
this when you go up to me wipe this see
it's already a bad day when you go
outside and it looks like this
everywhere it's going to be a bad day
it's going to storm it's going to rain
my other part I just got a palm tree
that's probably going to blow away here
pretty soon guys today it's going to be
an awful day I'm letting to be known
right now
Bridgette what do you think is going to
happen today that's gonna be horrible
what's gonna knock us on our butt
I won't say another word but ad
pocalypse not being able to escape well
Jason she only lives for Jason I'm
talking about this oh it's fogging up
again
so what do you think is going to go
wrong today um not being able to escape
I think dad's going to break something
oh I have a feeling I have a feeling
that Jason is going to kill me dude I
can't you have a conversation anymore
without turning into Jason Friday the
13th games you've torn apart my
relationship yeah it's over no Bridget
we're done guys I'm looking I'm single
I'm a bachelor
I have any boyfriend Jason figured to
season 40 seriously guys look at this
house I feel like it solar eclipse is
happening right now David what is going
on why do we have to turn the lights at
noon it's our doing
does anybody ever seen anything like
this I wanted to talk to you about your
new boyfriend but I can't film it look
at this like I feel like it's night dude
what time is it noon so if you had to
date Jason Voorhees which version would
you choose oh I don't know honestly if I
had to choose I think I would choose a
friend a 13-part to Jason because at
least he's like human right I'm now free
and for East human too but he's like
dead in the other so you can't like I
didn't see I don't know if I would date
a human version because he's were creepy
but the others are cool he's dead though
but he's cool okay so if you're dating
Jason do you talk to him like it mom
Jason Bridgett's talking to you yeah you
know surprisingly she accepts me
you're talking like guy having she's
really started to come on hand really I
really believe Jason's a real person
guys we're going to Grandpa's house
right now I got a little surprise are
you kidding Michael I'm not unpinned can
we get two grandpas and get to this
Brian yeah
floral we're sewing your TV so intro or
TV style intro
here is like a TV show has anybody ever
seen my family matters and Ervil walked
in he has a studio audience go crazy but
Disney no TV Joanie over us I'll add it
later
I think Lauren gets it she didn't want
to get didn't forget all that wealth I
smell food what kind of food bill worry
about we're about to find out
I want to know who this Bridget yeah
he's going to know how steep this is
what it looks good
Topsy was that a soup huh stew soup stew
beef stew that beef stew yes same thing
it's do two things were they season -
okay
this is what is like witch's brew
who's supposed to be hot was cooked okay
dad
good you're visible I'm thinking about
an actually good
how many ecology things in this whole
pot yeah about 20 thousand what oh my
gosh Michael no oh my god out what she
don't never nothin and meet another
man's me facilities yeah I'll import
potatoes can't have none of it ladies
you Tina told on my food no get it what
will you have in here what Pol Pot why
so am i right here
oh good he's in what happens doesn't
happen yeah you have a pocketful around
around you better go now
you're a bad mood yeah using introduce
yelping wait yeah yeah who are you at
that little ball
is it Dunkirk always the other Li I
figured that is magical yet God was
going to Dunkirk yet it's not the whole
problem in yeah are you serious
always go fatiguing veloute Dunkirk guys
smack the like button if you want
grandpa's a pussy Dunkirk and review it
is that so hard
yeah every go down is she doing it I
told her going to get all yeah we need
to work this out they don't know what's
happening you guys a few minutes ago
Grampa just had a main channel worthy
freaked out about breakfast is she gonna
do something so mean why are you looking
at me like that you're lucky she's here
making you breakfast guys if you want to
see it smacking like button
we're gonna upload it oh yeah the fish
out who do you think is important your
whip dude I won't point out really
attracted she screamed the teleporter
recording that hair fine like Kristen
sonic sandwich all you're doing is you
be quiet
if dude here was all of a sudden I just
see him go whizzing by like that's real
justice whoa yeah yeah that wasn't
terribly max about a Gorger you can't
add another pair is that okay yeah you
can't get up do we already why are you I
will I'm old I got the right guys smack
the like button I'll upload the video
yeah it's crazy it's just breakfast yeah
it's just breakfast in Oh breakfast so
make it Jennifer
you're great you're finally a using no
come on down dude shut up
yeah yeah yes see you have my back
Lauren my back scream yeah usually find
your old does is what you do you do Oh
Lauren can you go take a nap hey just
make it now
I know I know if you don't value that
revival yeah just take a few when I whip
this around you go whip and you donating
this Obi is shut up
move that's one thing you should know
about our payment wrong we don't like
affection I know I like affection Ginny
to you what is that it's because we
never got love shelter intelligibly
remember how did you let me do my out
ball I'm out folks
he was coming signal down sailor let's
go help no don't no don't take a nap why
are you why would you go go go go good I
guess you want to I can't understand you
gibberish I'll tell you good while
others cover up you're right I don't
know I don't think I got enough love
well done oh my gosh alright I'm out
lets us go home one we like to work
thank you
don't like me and things we don't like
they think I like just do so I don't
either though I do not like to because
thanks what don't think like he'll thank
me at all I didn't do it for them yeah
exactly
we learn that all because of you guys I
think are about like thank you I think
you all like hate me oh poor dad
good morning everybody it is the next
day it is 10 o'clock in the morning
right now and the storming again and
this is what it looks like at 10:00 just
joking you guys it is almost time to get
out of here we are going to look for
some ghosts in just a few minutes man
this was one of those days I couldn't
believe the footage we film with that I
now guys he totally freaked out on
Jennifer he chased her out of the house
in his wheelchair
I would not be having that you have to
say I appreciate you Bridget
oh yeah come on
can't do that no guys click like if you
want to see the video we're going to
afford it he went totally ate it's crazy
are you ready to be inevitable um go
something oh I think I something else
what like dad no I'm not ready for that
Bridget your birthday's in a week chill
don't remind me
that's what I thought you were getting
at guys she had a hard time dealing over
time so everybody who watches this you
look for any kind of noise from voice
anything no that was you
yeah with me we're doing for real stuff
here mm-hmm
I don't like you being that close to the
rail yeah Michael oh no we're not really
sure
oh my god it is what it is stop it
Hey no Michael go ahead apologize for
why hila pull whatever spirit lives in
this thing down no you're not spirit
okay why would their spirits up there
they would conversation
oh it's okay please stop although we're
doing like some real ghost hunting here
no I don't want to okay not until later
so bridges mad right now this dude mr.
hobo is working with Jason he was
telling him where everybody is
and bridget is lit right now she is man
hopefully she goes back to Tommy is this
good
calm down Bridget this guy stole my dime
they sense how about I'm coming after
you yet yeah she takes chases way too
seriously Michael it's a game Bridget
right the game until you get mad mister
screaming over people running
Oh Bridget does not have enough folks
I'm just enjoying the sell huh
you can kill
well this is a break and development
folks Bridget was wrong all that
animosity all that anger they weren't
working together they are bridging the
other I heard him say he's got the gun
okay that means he's probably saying hey
kill her and not me yeah that's not
working together
all right after he got done she took
over Brazil why is he throwing her right
now was to turn off the light show many
people show that yeah
he's killed nobody else and he's going
after her they're not working together
Bridget freaked out for no reason I want
to thank you guys for all your thoughts
and like everything that you guys have
sent us because we're gonna get Bridget
help for video game addiction hey yo
what is it doing I don't know what it's
doing guys we just walk over its bulking
up in there anymore go I'm scared to
wipe the lens off and really terrifying
right now we're leaving out to the gas
station you guys it's about midnight by
the way but usually when we do the blogs
we have to stop at a certain time to
upload them but now that we're actually
a day ahead you can see what we do at
night and this is how we party at night
folks
we are the gas station at midnight look
at the stuff we can have yeah no driving
without me
I'm not you can see me or not you guys
first stop is the gas station hopefully
hopefully it's open if not we got to go
to Walmart and I am wearing Harry Potter
pants so like that's not going to work
out for me
gas stations open let's go to Circle K
get some candy oh I can't have candy
don't tell you two can't have candy I
guess I'll get some beer prison
kids don't drink don't go to here with
the real beer is Michael do this is a
drink a beer room I'm going to call the
cops drink one drink I think 100 bar
I think they Omar you want any more okay
here's the deal
sometimes sometimes the girl needs a
little bit of beer it happened but I'm
the guy needs a little look okay you're
seeing our nightlife all right we got a
little bit of Michelob Ultra
okay it's been a stressful day okay put
it down put it down
now look I don't even drink it's right
at home
hey that's works good hittin okay oh
we're kidding dude our tents sucks
virgin yes everything is freakin cool
why is this closed at 9:30
why is McDonald's I already see them
getting right here in the light why is
McDonald's closed at 9:30 I don't
understand I know right
not that I'm getting anybody you're
totally thing we have is a neighborhood
market that's open 24 hours water and we
just not bad
we're getting outta here just a second
you guys we're gonna be doing the outro
before we did I wanted to take a quick
minute to say drink responsibly if
you're underage do not drink I don't
want to like advocate underage drinking
in any way do not drink if you're not
old enough keep away from it don't even
don't even go to birthday parties at any
age because I don't know if they're
going to have beer there I don't care if
it's like pin the tail on the donkey
there might be beer behind the donkey I
don't know stay away from parties stay
away from beer until you're old enough
to drink it and even then don't drink it
because sometimes it can ruin lives and
that's that's a genuine statement I
don't drink you guys
okay I may have a couple of sips here
there anyway no beer stay away from it
outro well that's going to be a pretty
day you guys thanks for watching
pretty soon we're going to be doing a
real good sign I'm really happy then
jump I wasn't really gonna okay guys
today we did a ghost um we went to
Grandpa's house he freaked out remember
smacking like what if you want to see
that video it's crazy
you I would not put up with it um anyway
guys getting out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite alright
everything's done okay
you
a
