the water gold it's for fueling that's
not scary water through that causes a
war man
what are you baby
what's going on you guys kick me out of
camera here where's your West not here
she's asleep and today is Saturday and
today angry grandpa's coming over to my
house today so we can go swimming which
means I'm going swimming with my dad
today before I say anything else I need
to get me some juice check on the
weather see what it's like out today oh
yeah beautiful day today is Saturday
today grandpa's coming over and I don't
know what else we're doing guys let's
get this blog started short intro let's
do this I heard birds I feel like they
were mocking me
go on a chill I felt personal come on in
Clyde okay I expect him to just walk in
come on there buddy there you are
just me and Clyde right now the door
didn't really close if you hated that
intro don't worry we're doing another
move Ridgid in a few minutes a real one
guys I was just bored I'm awake I wanted
to do something I feel like when I'm not
vlogging when I'm awake now I just I
don't know I feel lost
please think what the hell is that Oh
Felix thanks a lot buddy I got to change
my shorts now a little disappointing you
guys I thought we captured a ghost on
the vlog was like yes it's going to go
viral everybody's gonna see the ghost
that I captured and I was it was just
Felix we didn't capture a ghost anyway
let's get this day started Bridgette
wake up so we can do it in the rent row
I've actually had a surprising number of
people writing me and asking what the
fake prank cigarette was that I got
grandpa with so this is it right here I
don't know if it's focused or not by the
way I got it from Spencer's gifts in the
mall I'm sure it's online whatever it's
not a real cigarette it just looks like
one this is what it looks like right
here you guys it is not a real cigarette
it's got this like
little smoldery top on it like it's just
a frank cigarette it's a cigarette you
can prank people with which I guess is
exactly what I mean when I say it's a
prank cigarette right you can make
people think you're smoking when you're
really not
I heard it too I'm just sitting here
with Clyde's and Felix and we heard
something up there
I don't believe in goes your ghost make
another noise was the air-conditioning
car gone so we were past all this
haunted stuff if there's any spirits in
our house please speak now I'm filming
you can use this device awake or you can
go wake up Bridgette if you want to wake
up if you want to wake up Bridgette in
your spirit that's fine too chill could
anybody up here I got a gun I only scare
myself like this sometime you guys when
I'm up on myself Bridget how Pete's not
looking up earlier as usual you guys let
me know if you hear any voices or
anything
anybody here okay when you when you're
at a point where your own reflection
scares yet enough there's any spirits
that I bother
go back and do what you're doing because
I'm going to put crystals
leave me alone spirit I've got some toys
to play with
yeah I still play with this stuff good
no good is going to kill it
okay what I don't know why I felt that
I'm embarrassed by it please forget you
saw it you know what it's time to forget
letting Bridget sleep sometime just wake
her up okay Bridget enjoy your sleep I
hope you dreamt about fun things
me and the Mayweather Conor McGregor
fight whatever time to wake you up it's
I'm done being in this haunted house by
myself it's time to wake her up what
she's taking the shower
what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera oh I'm just doing the intro
what's going on you guys excuse me on
the camera here
what yeah Bella here the bell just
chillin gotcha Oh guys okay Jewelry
camera no come on no she gets low on the
camera come on buddy don't die on me
this one I get this might get ready
they're trying to include you in the
intro okay
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here four doors here right now
and today is Saturday and today my dad
is on his way over Franklin surprise
he's not here yet he's supposed to be
here to go swim yeah that's gonna be so
exciting
by the way it's like eight minutes into
the vlog what I've been vlogging all
morning I can't stop I didn't wake up
late
I'm not saying you did wait I woke up at
eight o'clock okay I woke up at noon
maybe you should go to bed later Wow I
wonder what I like waking up early I
can't help but I can't stop vlogging I
want to just keep going by the way we're
haunted no we're not I'm pretty sure or
say that there's noises going on
upstairs I don't know what it was made
of power of Christ compels you stop it
you really become a recording of our
hunting we're not haunted guys today is
Saturday instead of the our i thought
one of my gosh was / I don't know I
heard a noise no one investigated I
didn't hear anything if they saw
anything they're gonna let me know
alright guys that is no for haunted
are we haunted by the way you try to
destroy the camera but it's working I
was sponge at it almost ruined the
camera oh my god yeah maybe you sit in
like fell when I'm in the shower they
feel good they started just thought
bubbles
let's go to swimming with that Dukey
style just swim with that
all right you go that one warm
it sure is warm all right
I should hold you if you don't follow
something what man I don't want you to
drop wonder if you cool down waters
getting cold
whoa all right I'm coming in to get in
with you Oh flip you see how easy it is
to slip that's why I wanted to be random
well if you're going down or coal or my
chest going swimming with Grandpa right
now you guys he's loving it freezing my
butt off it's not that cold
it's actually really hot you'll be the
water's hot so a splash Russians watch
it nothing just warming up there I'm
getting my body used to it guys this
water temperature for like 80 degrees
right now it's like a bat club
oh you all right yeah almost know about
it one of gold its popular it's not
scary water through closed is a warm
bath before you bigger heart is not mass
today we're here
dad's almost about to get his leg around
his head yoga
you know you probably could do DDP yoga
everybody tweet DDP ask them if it'll
help dad yeah that's a good idea that is
a good idea after you we're probably
beating he would come he came to bullies
house you see you you he'd say we you
you're the one he be all you so much
fucking eyes I need to lose weight
we're doing great I'm down 20 pounds and
I'm doing whoo I'm down 15 why
and we don't want to do it you put it
pin are you paying right now is that
what your legs up no I'm doing my legs
are careful why are you peeing in her
pool that is here what they taught me
but a lot of the water was warm or cold
you still are used to it damn I see
business thing it's pretty it's like
it's like seven eight feeling upset if
you get down here I might have to drown
to save you
while holding that up like ah what's
happening ah cold oh yeah almost smell
what's that for
because you keep it well small way I
need it on me put it on me you almost
you fall under will get it off you go
you can take it off yeah whoa I could
get a lot of me Michael uh what what
what hey come on
yeah yeah you can do it I can do it
she's freaking out over something what
happened nothing I was just worried you
were gonna get stuck Hey
are you happy now yeah I am
I'll be happy in just a second thumbnail
Grampa a giant pink donut use a lot
better in it you know GDP actually
called me one time he I was back playing
summer front with Paul Heyman and EDP
called me because we wanted help
promoting to Jake this why are you going
I didn't call them back buddy then I'm
sorry about that
they get man I was dumb I didn't call
him back I shoulda he could help me you
knew it I think he could I got all the
runs so bad my knee in my hip
there was this one guy remember the
story the dude was overweight he
couldn't walk he kept falling now dude
do a marathon haha cannonball on how's
it feel I've been poor I hate rules
folks we finally done what you click
like for us a month ago you click like
for Doug and grandfather be the pool
together Oh too bad
it would ear infection oh crap you need
busier but still really what your is it
this one
well you guys grandpa is going to be
leaving here in just a second he's been
here for a while it's been funded yeah
they're a lot of fun oh yeah been fun
Oh Doug their word our own in his own
world he stays his own world having fun
Doug a blast throat where's he going
he's underwater again you think you the
fish you don't scare no longer now yeah
Doug see mo you can hold your breath for
will count okay one two three four five
six seven eight nine nine seconds dude
oh no wait
you can't you couldn't stay down at all
I get one you get one boy up yeah
saltwater pool
look at those bricks out of the back of
my truck in that short rope what wrong
so I can tie it to my feet down here at
the bottom of the pool are you stupid
yeah you guys man your job you idiot dad
you're gonna be creating me you'll kill
yourself you are complete idiot he's
talking about drowning himself a saying
yes would you think she's gonna bring
two bricks no but I will go get ha ha ha
ha dad went from are you stupid
I want a part of this you know lie well
dad
thank you fill me what covered is Linda
just get out of the pool you guys that
was a lot of fun don't you by the leave
in just a second I think as IG I have
fun it was a lot of fun however I really
talked enough about you with this I can
swim in this move on the whole time what
but ghosts I think we should go look for
it
know what I don't want to Bridget I've
been up all morning with this thing they
sleep in sleeping is not going to help
it yes please sleep looks great my fault
if there's a spirit please no aunt
Bridget er dream icon history Bridget or
dream Beluga so leave I can't believe
we're going upstairs we're hunting just
in case anything happens to me I want to
say that I love my data of my family
love Bridget I love you guys I get
attacked by swarm of ghosts right here
just nothing that's not gonna happen
that's feel like doing this ok this is
where I heard the noise right in the way
I don't know what it was it sounded like
a bang and a scrape white really good ok
and Felix was down there with me and I
had collide with me
well you think I'm not I want to be up
here I'm really scared you're just
trying to get out of doing this I don't
wanna find a go guys that I like no good
guys smack the like button if we should
come up here and hunt for a ghost
No why we will do it type don't don't do
that
please purchase it's not like the ghosts
are real it's just fun to do
they are we all just cuz you don't
believe in a doesn't mean they're not
real my goal have you ever seen a ghost
no but I've heard a lot of things have
you ever experienced any ghostly active
I think I did
oh really what is that I was just uh put
the hanging down string up okay I was
just out of rancor calm down oh damn oh
we're doing the outro folks okay
remember let us know smack the like
button if you wants to go ghost hunting
now we'll make sure you are terrified no
I want to get you one more time right
behind into the network then work oh my
god okay we need to see the slow-mo
right I realized halfway in that you're
junking it's okay we'll see this again
yes that's going to be it for today you
guys thanks for watching dad okay dad
I'm really glad we were able to go
swimming you got your exercise going
your legs he looked a lot better when he
was getting out - he definitely did he
said he felt better all that stuff so
dad I'm glad you're feeling better
Doug I'm glad that you got to go
swimming I really did not expect your
dad I know that was so awesome it was
really awesome so guys we're getting out
of here thanks for watching remember
smack - like wet and we're going to go
ghost hunting pretty soon to loosen up
the ghost one yeah guys we got the ghost
box we're going to be doing it October's
coming so might as well embrace the
month so anyway thanks for watching you
guys
like subscribe favorite telling
everything for us
and that's it I love you guys
all much I love you more no way for sure
no I love them more I married them you
are the one with the wedding like you
become one
