we're going to the store right now all
right what are those things what are
they like
Michael stop it I think they're like
mating are you serious Oh
what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here the Dawes here right there
yes today is Friday and today
miraculously were still together if you
didn't see the ball we uploaded
yesterday it was prank day and it was
guys check out these highlights oh my
god this is disgusting
Bridget I'm so sorry you were going to
hate me after this one moment you know
I'm not scared that this is beautiful
why would i MOCA action is why would I
be scared
thank you scary because he don't like to
okay
sit into the camera say that I'm scared
with a chainsaw somehow we're still
together after I make Bridget drink eggs
she made me think it Paul or outside to
fight me come on your shoulder the mat
right yeah luckily view it as Ashley
right just like even cheetah and now
like we're way stronger well I know
actually like I kind of feel like maybe
this is the end
darn printings over it's enough guys
tonight is back in of course you can
guys I'm a bachelor oh my god okay first
things first
ladies No so you're joking hey guys -
yeah
today is Friday and if you haven't seen
the video we uploaded on the main
channel angry grandpa has some words for
Jake Paul it was a roast guys check this
out you terrorize your neighbors they
will John the neighborhood you let your
backyard on fire
I don't blame you for firing you the
news comes out of your house and what do
you do you know got there Jojo you're
getting around I wonder that you live
every day like New Year's Eve if you
haven't seen the video go check it out
it has a really strong message that all
of us can learn from it including myself
including Brad yeah including Cindy of
course everybody can learn from this
video you guys it's not preachy it's
just go check it out it's seriously I
still have stuff I can learn from that
and I'm learning it every day you guys
try to absorb as much as I
and guys let's get this friday started
pumpkin style what I'm decorating today
oh no we're not
yeah that question DC I lived it was
something going on Friday time to
decorate pumpkins she wanted to say
something else I can tell oh yeah don't
say it recording what is it you're not
ready though I'm not we just got a
package you guys okay it scared
okay I'm smiling and optimistic what if
it was something scary what have you
liked it good I don't know your unhinge
okay under even no first well gift for
you it doesn't say who is from whoever
snipah sent a message for you how might
please use these instead of metal ones
men or non-stick pans ruin the coating
which is also toxic to eat which peels
off into the food you're supposed to
throw the pan away once a little bit of
a coating filled up with that pan in
there is peeling so maybe we should
throw away I didn't know it was toxic
oh my guys they're tired of it so
somebody it's so sick of you using metal
utensils utensil that they bought a
compl astok fat Farber wear whatever it
is
thank you very much I will try my best
to switch later warehouse inspected o9
okay I did get a rubber wood because it
was bothering me - I hate rubber
whispers okay well you have to get over
it
Michael oh there is my coffee hot you
make me scream one more time Michael one
more that's all I need no we're headed
to Walmart right now you guys to go pick
up dinner but before we go I wanted to
make a little plan a plan to prank
Bridgette one more time you think guys
ain't been sitting well with me all day
the fact that Bridget was able to
successfully prank me yesterday and
possibly win prank day and yes I know
prank days over but it's still alive for
me today I'm going to flip one of
bridges pranks against her when I use
these little fake spiders hello and
scare with them so the way you should
have done it Bridget not putting a box
of cereal find a leaf to sit it on okay
that was pretty good folks look like a
couple of bugs just chill in there right
Bridget take lessons take notice you're
getting pranked one more time we're
going to Walmart in a few minutes I mean
all the color for this diet done with
pepper cans like gone I was a red and
white now it's just like silver on
silver huh that's interesting
yep alright folks right now we are
headed to Walmart so we could choose a
little bit of dinner which actually I'm
not even sure what it is chicken pizza
what chicken pizza can have chicken
pizza any been a week chicken pizza
right we can't have chicken pizza
Michael what the chicken is like the
dough and you have sauce cheese chicken
dos ounds disgusting what do you so
you're talking about basically like no
like actual chicken right I get that but
I'm saying so what you're gonna take
chicken put toppings on top of it is
that chicken yeah that's chicken pizza
that's not pizza that's like chicken
parm I like grilled chicken parm with
pepperoni and cheese and I like it guys
we're having grilled chicken parmigiana
is that more accurate huh yeah I guess
can we go yeah this is all gorgeous yeah
guys we're going to a store right now
whoa what are those things what are they
like wait oh stop it
I think they're like mating are you
serious Oh
oh hey we'll call the police
those are the spiders of yesterday can I
do it one more time folks I'm taking
Walmart no no okay
whoa stop hey hey hey
oh shit really leaving me that's it I'm
not going to soar now woah oh man she's
doing the GTA stuff again chill she's
basically gonna way from your walk-up
and she's gonna drive off again watch
watch see yeah she goes folks she does
this all the time she treats life like
GTA she's just speeding around
everywhere whizzing every which way
oh dude
why now yeah
it's not I do not feel comfortable at
all about this freaking cloud right here
being a tornado oh my god I must be in
what must be in the news brother has a
big tornado in Summerville South
Carolina okay Bridget I know that's not
a tornado okay I know it's not normal
spiders just got the Walmart ladies and
gentlemen and Bridget let me tell you a
little bit of a warning okay what you
made a big mistake letting me know that
you're afraid of those plastic real
spiders one day we're going to be
driving and I want someone to point this
vlog out when we do it one day we're
going to be driving and I'm going to
throw one on you and we're going to see
what happened why not today so you want
to ride okay guys so Michael's been
walking backwards like this whole time
so I had to film it
mainly I'm just filming yeah roll over -
oh yeah me too
and how does that juice in half yeah
you're going really slow can you pick it
up a little bit now exactly not only why
are you going backwards
idiot
Michael can we talk about what just
happened hater yeah dude
all right God just now we ran into a
hater here at Walmart now I guess we had
to catch them up in what happened yeah
this person writes us on Facebook like a
month ago and they were like oh yeah oh
Michael Oh Bridget lived near me in
Somerville so if I ever running it in
the public I'm a George Michael in the
face no I go to his Facebook account I
got those pictures I'm like this is a
real threat I don't care whatever see in
public buddy right we just run into the
guy oh my god you run into the guy first
thing he does just walk up like oh my
god where's it past the guy I'm about to
get punched in the face yeah what's up
hey can I get a picture of him I'm such
a huge fan and I'm thinking oh yeah
you'll go punch me and you're headed oh
he just wanted to pick him is what he
does he's like I ran into Grandpa Lowe's
me and I'm such a huge fan and then
Bridget what did you they say was that I
was like so do you like us now are you
going to punch it in the face and he was
like oh no just joking around
first of all I wish he didn't say that
cuz I was kind of afraid this guy was
really tall right like it's one thing
behind a lady are you gonna throw it in
hand
janitor than hand so anyway we just ran
into a hater at Walmart you guys and I
guess he's not so much of a hater no
more
nice to meet you hey would wasn't and
Chris yeah correct guys look for
somebody named Chris tweeting out a
picture of us in Walmart that's the guy
he's like seven foot tall it's crazy he
would have dented my faith with anyway
Chris nice to meet you buddy
yeah nice beauty curious cover this one
back home you guys I just wanted to take
a second to offer you guys a quick
little diet update because a lot of
people are asking and I'm trying like
not to make it a daily thing to talk
about it because I don't want to jinx
myself but right now I feel like we're
doing pretty good
Bridget's down 15 pounds I'm down 20
pounds working at it every day I know we
had talked was that night was still I
lost three pounds after taco night so
I'm really happy with that
guys it's just really important to try
to change something now because you know
I'm going to be getting into the age
where it's a real problem and I want to
fix that before it happens so I think
maybe that's why I'm taking it more
serious than before I don't want to I
could still fail I don't want to jinx it
there's a good chance that I can fail
but I don't want to I don't want to I
want to keep going tonight we're having
pizza which I don't know how that you
know there's a lot of calories in dough
and that's chicken dough or whatever
there's a lot of calories in dough so I
don't know how we're going to have pizza
but we should have got my cauliflower
ice almost like a cauliflower recipe so
I don't know guys let me know some
recipes in the comment section and we
may be able to try some of those let me
know but anyway you guys we're doing a
little bit of cooking right now I'm
going to do a little spin where it spins
from the transit you'll see this okay
that didn't work okay
immediately embarrass myself let's try
this again
so I do not understand what that was I
am flattening up chicken where you can
see stuff yeah but I don't get that cuz
chicken pieces chop it up into pieces
okay um just waiting to see that so I
assume you guys we're using honey wheat
bread for the crust on these pizzas so
it's gonna be like a chicken sandwich
Oh like y'all do for stuff like this
you'll see babe okay you're treating me
like I'm dumb I'm not cheating like with
you I would have crust so I don't get it
you don't know what's gonna happen yet
BAM
guys I'm talking to Grandpa on the phone
and he just said something really Curt
really cool really encouraging but I
wanted you guys to hear say it again dad
yeah you know I got you I got a bad leg
there's nothing to do with that you know
that's that's their right I've done like
this in mud wow that is awesome
wow that's good you can try to get on a
video game awesome
of course not you owe to the fans anyway
they click like for it yeah that's
follow me of course so what am I
supposed to be doing that what okay so
you put straws on the chicken so it is
what you were saying outside earlier the
chicken is the crop yes chicken pizza
this is not shit's like grilled chicken
farm like I said chicken pizza okay
so maybe am i doing the home messing
this up or I hope not you hope not
you're the one who knows about this
perfect asn.1 a little extra sauce I
don't
okay we are eating them all or can I
have one my god shut up there are
exercise so am i eating at all you boy
okay I don't need this question okay
how's this it's perfect
meow you cheese then pepperonis
yes it's hard for us to put all our
pepperoni and you guys we were talking a
lot of smack about turkey pepperoni I
thought they could make pizza I could
have for one we use turkey pepperoni I
love her me winking like why was I been
used turkey pet I was like I want to
keep my sin figure now I'm like I want
us to pack pepperoni
guys guys I think that looks good honey
party pepperoni otherwise I'm sorry
about that you guys we're using turkey
pepperoni again for the same reason we
get in 2000 job I'm working on my
physique yeah it's for sit on my figure
turkey pepperoni look they're good and
you can use way more oh yeah definitely
so here's the next step although they
look at me to you in they go oh yeah
excited you sir a pepper is actually
pretty good I'm sorry I talked to Matt
last time here they are folks this is
how they look when they come out I have
some crispy pepperoni going so here is
the whole thing actually pretty good and
what goes better with grilled chicken
pizza man broccoli rice and cheek I know
I doubt all this look it's not saying
I'm perfect are paint anyway oh you a
big boy ain't you I'll come back to you
let's give this a taste folks I'll be
honest it looks a lot better than I
imagined
Oh see that cheese Bowl here we go
hmm that is very good it's definitely
not going to be pizza looks good nice
job dinner was delicious you guys
Bridget thank you is your recipe your
idea I really loved it I think I like
them more than her because she didn't
even finish hers but I thought it was
great guys we're doing the outro here in
just a second
for get out of here I want to say thank
you guys to everybody who watched that
Jay Paul video and you clicked like and
you did and unsubscribe because we did
get some unsubscription and we got about
400 people and unsubscribe and I'm not
mad about it okay if if people
unsubscribe that means they were
disinterested and they don't like us
okay thank you for being a subscriber
I'm sorry to see you go you know I hope
you enjoy whatever other content you
start watching after us no hard feelings
but for those of you stayed
thank you guys you guys you guys just
you make my day you make dad today
I think it's an important video for
everybody to see to go check it out if
you haven't seen it it made me think
about my own life and my own BS so it
comes it's time to start fixing stuff so
anyway guys we're doing the outro
Bridget know I love you thank you for
the dinner let's do this outro I don't
know I feel like I wanted to keep
talking dad
love you too well that's going to be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
pretty good day
really enjoyed it it's been a really
good day guys for being scared oh that
was go that was the best part of the day
now I was in prank day continues for
this one guys
getting out of here thanks for watching
again go check out the jake paul video
click the like button if you made it
this far into the vlog thank you guys so
much for all the support for everything
that you do for us for grandpa just for
Bridget you know you counted us anyway
god I'm getting out of here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite following everything for to us
and that's it
you guys so much and guess what I'm
doing tonight playing bride Ava thirsty
yeah oh the love all guess I love on
Lauren oh yeah we thought everybody take
a guess what level guys she is going
landfill 101 one oh I choose the Maxima
