what's going on you guys can't be on
camera here bridge West not here and the
reason that bridge West is not here is
because I got a plan out my day because
today is August 10th which makes today
Frank day
you
every year me and Bridget get together
once a year August the 10th and we
relentlessly prank each other I was
hoping she wouldn't remember but
unfortunately she does speaking of being
pranked I saw her I felt like I was
being pranked at Walmart yesterday when
the door wouldn't open for me check this
out
Hey
Thank You mysterious lady for opening
the door for me or I would have been
stuck right there all day
Brigitte I love you I'm sorry in advance
for everything that's going to happen
today you're going to hate me
now that we've established today's prank
day I guess we should set up a prank
every morning
Brigitte as a routine wake up and pour
herself a glass of orange juice so what
happens when they know we're introducing
the jug
Brigitte I think you're drinking eggs
she loves eggs from our head down to her
legs well through this I'm really sorry
you guys to be wasting orange juice I
ripped off the little tab to get the
eggs open so Plan B open up perfect oh
my god this is disgusting Brigitte I'm
so sorry you were going to hate me after
this one moment today the kids are
scared to take polish I'm not scared at
all like I am I heard of the Jake powers
do you think so um yeah you definitely
yet no I'm not scared that is you look
why would i look after this why would I
be scared
thank you scared she don't like it okay
set it to the camera say that I'm scared
with a chain saw
happy birthday
liquidus I was wearing this shirt today
oh my god what about you worm house
birthday where you might what are you
doing yeah what are you doing I want to
wear the forget Batman sharpen it
Michael to get a new shirt how's it work
holy Sh no I don't want to show without
my shop you want to play this early
crank in me with this eggs cereal
expires in your cereal I know the
caster's fan so what I'm going to do for
your job I got a pink cast okay how was
it again you have a fake cigarette yeah
make a good row what are these and
they're dead cricket I'll cut it out
okay what did you get it's all are you
drinking a hello okay I tried I tried
you don't care what we're getting spoons
you wanna play that I gotta be patient
all right why I saw it I got into dishes
look guys it's filthy I threw the damn
house yesterday on vlog and out filthy
what I don't know it's Colonel living
with you for sure I didn't way to break
up he's talking I think it's time to
steer that people at my party it's like
right now this is not a pretty do we
need to break up what's going on you
guys get me out of here here we do us
here now this
a short intro because I've already kind
of done one today is what was today as
paint a guy is today a frank day and I
already got a once and I got a lot plan
that's at the opening tell you why oh
yeah like more fake spiders in the
cereal it's carrying it Michael stop it
scared by a spider my prank huh hey guys
today it's prank day no more intro we
got some pranks to get down - yeah mine
being the winner you don't got no pranks
I can tell you didn't even know it was
prank day in time yeah I did I knew it
did I knew I can I cover the lens
I know bad we're going over to Grandpa's
house right now you guys prank day
continues Bridgette that's all you got
for me then I'm gonna Oh Oh y'all dogs
got to go in
come on come on guys I'm sorry
timeout folks going to grandpa's in a
minute alright we have the talk about
Jake Paul y'all guys get inside lad yeah
alright now we're going over to
grandpa's house you guys Bridget spiders
that's it
I win I just tweeted grandpa just went
off on Jay Paul then they offer them
some advice powerful stuff
I really hope you take heed what I told
him and now always that mean I'm a
geocities you said you're going to stay
back by Alan it wasn't safe over a
hamburger that is a ground state oh I
was good
you like that up I breathe three of them
three don't I oh yeah really good
these won't fat content to it well glad
someone has no fat on them at all but
rats don't handle that or was on your
ass the Reds not called the closet what
I skewed them cleaned of all roundup no
that is no way got rat meat dude I had
ready oh it was like brownish try there
you go dad was not don't do this to me
oh my god being honest with you Michael
do we arrest you rat last night
where's the camera there's again I'm not
doing her Lauren receivers if I'm gone
okay what seriously is it on baby right
last night oh my god we got the rest I
thought it tasted different little
climate is Oh everything's in it
oh that's just part of that okay oh I'm
bad I'm gonna be saying it was good
though you say it was good oh my gosh oh
my gosh my bathroom give me a man please
hey little rat I got enough so Lou
called keep rat went down the guy caught
all the rats and government leader and
infinitive the soldier that were just
objects gasps oh my gosh Joey are you
choking no not those three big ran ran I
thought we go up and let his guts out oh
I got that glad I'm glad anything down
that way I know better the steak cuz let
me not go back oh my gosh oh my gosh
you're joking you want know what I got
you're joking no who's recording Bridget
Bridget oh okay right
nice job on whatever I write what are
you gay change is different Janina the
green self would spell devil are you
crying my god
oh really are you sure because your eyes
are like I was in there about to no more
pranks a stuff pray they go over okay
you win
I am nobody
thanks grandpa
you're more weldability pal good ones in
order Donnell
oh my god we need our cool there's a
botch hugs and everything no I don't
like it actually I really don't the
camera just feel so well hey is that no
did you leave it oh I didn't get the
thumb now cut it I can't do this anymore
it is that No tell me you got it oh crap
the cameras on the run she's breaking up
again
now both of us ah crap she's pretty
she's breaking on Gus did you know bring
your mouth now why does it have I think
that look at Jay Paul actually like pays
attention to the video you might listen
what you say what a hell is that
look what it will hand it out get out my
makeup well and yours you and i use
their noses tell me you know that didn't
you just say all this to Jake ball
without a are you yeah I'm okay I'm okay
my little smell right now are you so
that's crap dad it's
he doesn't flatten this I ever catch you
smoking yeah
while we are smokin it was a prank II
have a kitchen it's Thursday ya know
what what now grandpa pray for Friday
yeah to be talking let's bring your
night out
oh I can't really said that what God
says well I can't tell you it was a
whisper wherever you guys what did you
say
but the oh I get that okay I cross the
line that time lot of drugs you're alive
you dad relax it's just a little
whispering no no okay guys
oh just got back in Grandpa's house you
guys Bridget us outside first things
first
guys do me a favor click the like button
so we can combat the Jake Pollard's
they're going to come and dislike this
video Bridge is wrong I'm not scared of
them okay that's number one I'm not
afraid of it Jake Pollard's okay I just
don't want a bunch of dislikes in my
video so good and that's what they're
going to do so guys
smack the like button Jake polish you
guys in her all right in my book look
anyway we just did the Jay Paul video
with that and let me just say wow it is
not what I expected
he screamed he yelled I think he told
Jake bully hated him it will fire up
heat he screamed he went crazy and then
he started crying and he started
pleading and guys it was it's it's a
it's moving it's a moving video it's a
good video it it was sad guys that's
going up tomorrow dad freaked out about
Jay Paul and then begged him
just pry that stop doing the things that
he's doing
then they pranked me I will talk about
that for a second because that's leading
into what's happening next they pranked
me they made me think that a rat and I
don't like right I've never had rap but
I can tell you now I wouldn't like it
and you know what Dad that's probably a
rat tastes like your hamburger meat not
really that wasn't mean still I don't
eat rat
so dad you're getting frankly can I
don't know what yes but Bridget you're
getting prank right now see this thing
Felix well see that that's blood capsule
mom was gonna B's on the gears I love it
why she was working off
yes I'm recording anything it's gonna be
a question okay guys do you know what is
wrong what do you think guys you know if
there's some kind of light kind of like
side effects like our gospel did we
gotta go
no we're going to be recording this you
guys oh I'm you told you could take too
many amoxicillin can what are you doing
it Candy's got it go or just read it
read it
Bridget it's a prank Bridget bad it's a
nice-looking
it's printing we need a fake up no come
on yet no come on I hate what I don't
need you teamwork don't joke around is a
prank well too far no one will not
before gather wise no it was not
I'm recording this no you cannot bro
you're not leaving I'm not gonna let you
leave I'm leaving you okay
that was not funny yes it was very funny
hey you maybe the guy rat bro I want the
bathroom you think you're dying bro well
happy prank say bro last prank day you
made me think I was taking like your
medicine
dine at one sorry that wasn't funny
print they over it is over folks that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching happy prank day Bridget had
pain pain so let's go down to prank
shall we I made you drink egg you gave
me like spiders in my cereal or
something whatever okay don't make fun
of me I thought I was a great prank
Binyam anything I trap okay that one
that one got me now that was a good one
we prank dad but it can think I'm
smoking I whisper it in front of them
great day you guys
I win prank day my ear one one you cried
over it that's it limb plan it's over
dude thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite fun and everything but you I
pray for me okay hi when I win I cover
once with my love you guys and
hey guys so today is prank day happy
pretty day
and so far Michael is kicking my ad
pocalypse guys I'm going to add it on to
a beep I'm sorry I have to but anyway
so Michael has been pranking me all
freaking day and it's been horrible so
right now I am a neat prank day with one
of my biggest fears ever Jake Pollard oh
my god Michael
well cycle there's a lot of take callers
outside and they're really upset what
they're really upset some with your dad
hold it stakeholders outside water
really upset how many like what are you
doing I'm not doing they're really mad
right now or we're going out for a why
are you giving us a run this is great
why are these here I don't know I think
they want to talk to you are oh my god
they're outside right now
they almost try to follow me in by water
yeah I had to slam the door in their
Vegas oh good yeah for her back front
we're drink well you have to put this in
huh hey it's not a big deal I just know
I don't worry outside Memphis this is
really dimming ridiculously hot out here
on hey guys like subscribe favorite if
on everything for to us don't follow
Michael because he didn't win Prince day
I did not it love you guys
you cried on praising with that so why
you say a rat what you say any rats let
us know in the comments who won I was
pretty confident if me vomit XP 1.8 as I
say everybody
you
