why can't I just hire something oh my
god
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here okay we just saw ourselves
in a way that we never want to see it
again Bridget I censored yours okay
thank you
right right guys nobody deserves to see
that not dude seriously people would set
themselves on fire snorting they would
they would follow me like you guys
really blocked me to like you know why
I'm kind of done with her like I don't
want to see where that angle again I
censored it okay out of respect thank
you I may not lose followers like guys
today is Tuesday today um I'm still sick
what is this thing oh we're not supposed
to have regular drinks lose it
it's your new bath toy boy it's a
friggin dog toy but now it's your toy
today is Tuesday and today we are still
sick you guys we got our sinuses acting
up I'm a little bit better today than I
was my frickin nose itches I don't know
what exactly we're gonna be doing today
probably meant something I want these
shower do why are you like like this
today's Tuesday okay come on today's
Tuesday does anybody elses animals just
gnaw on their hands like this is this
normal
they do it just look over it she's like
I want to eat your hand you said I think
all pet owners go through like you're
just chilling and your dog starts
gnawing with your fingers until what do
you wanna know my face now I'm actually
scared actually yeah okay I'm submissive
to Bella now like you win she knows it
too look at her she knows she won okay
Bella I get it
what are you doing you make the rules
now okay I get it
yeah me too now no it's Bella think now
that that one's gone this one joins up
but he won't see what he can get
accomplished right quiet I'm not gonna
be submissive to you okay I'm not doing
that oh yeah you are
Clyde's like the meanest one like if you
yell at Claude you like hey can I stop
everyone
no Mike okay well you you do you hurry
up it should be illegal for your trash
to be this high this is it's not even
that bad this is garbage like yeah we
can't even close the lid oh my gosh
hurry up it's thanks you I don't have a
sense of smell anymore well I do hold on
does that mean that it's been a solid
week since Matt was here I took the
trash to the street yeah okay bro time
is like moving rapidly okay I don't like
this
Oh Michael animals from picking through
it okay don't touch it you'll get rabies
what are you kind of animal is this
Michael stop got this why are you strong
to do this your strongest man you're a
big strong man now see your job we live
in 2018 where genders are not defined by
what we do I can cook you can clean I
can clean and you can take up clean
we don't live with gender or stress it's
too cold and too windy do this slowly
why can't I just hire something oh my
god my shoe came off it was a crack in
the road oh my god you know they say
about stepping on a crack well hey mom
hurry up this is taking way longer than
it should
that took way too long Michael are you
so out of breath I'm out of shape this
can't be good for the ticker this can't
be like why do they say exercise works
good I feel like if I get on a treadmill
my heart will explode you know you're
out of shape when you run out of breath
taking the garbage out what's that
that's what it is it's allergies my god
what okay I don't know oh my god
it's going like 200 a minute oh I am
really glad we took that trash out
earlier because my sinuses are freakin
going crazy right now
Bridget is playing Ratchet and Clank
dude what is this freaking 1999 what is
this
Ratchet and Clank it's anyway guys I
don't know what I'm talking about
I wanted to mention the fact that New
Orleans is coming up and all you guys
clicked like so I would stay in a
haunted hotel and I just realized that's
about to happen
and I'm starting to get cold feet should
I should I not do this I don't want to
Bridget a haunted hotel just plain
Ratchet and Clank what should I do in a
haunted hotel I need some ideas in the
comments section below post a bunch of
comments on what I should do and then
what duh let me know in the comment
sections of stuff that I should do in
the haunted hotel and we'll do it I'm
scared
Jim I hope you're getting ready
seriously I gotta clear these sinuses up
Michael hurry yeah
today what are you doing what are you
doing I'm listening to my own voice why
I am beautiful day today it's a
beautiful day today I want to hear the
sounds yeah it's a beautiful day I need
to go pee here Bridget my allergies are
going crazy okay I'm trying to hear my
voice
beautiful dates you have a cold you have
to stop saying that yeah I have a cold
we haven't have to stop saying that it's
a cold it is allergy season we have
allergies it's a cold it's cold and flu
season honey just stop just drive I'm
embarrassed for you just honest I have
the berries for you just seriously you
humiliated yourself in this blog already
just stop it's allergies my boy it's
it's a cold we have colds Oh she'll be
so thrilled thank you so much thank you
it was chemistry on the phone they don't
give me the war for smartest person
chemistry mean biology stupid stupid
it's all I'm taking from you get back
okay you ready for this oh my god how
are you ready to be proven wrong yes yes
no question I just need yes or no you
ready to prove me wrong
sure Michael here's how I know it's
allergies okay I was watching a
Campbell's soup commercial and it's
Campbell's soup commercial say was
allergy season goodbye colds hello
allergies stay right where you are soon
that's all you need to know it's a
goodbye cold season hello allergies
Michael we have calls oh yeah so you
don't want the Campbell's soup they know
that we have allergies right
Bridget I can't Bridget we have coal
what are the odds that on the day that I
see the Campbell Soup commercial on
allergies Weejun allergies what are the
odds of that it's not allergies four
five Bridget bye-bye we're not allergic
to pollen bananas if you ever want to
piss somebody off and you see they're
about to sneeze say bananas their brains
gonna go away and they lose the sneeze
like Bridget just did let's talk
remember it write it down take a picture
of you hey science she knows everything
give her a call
oh you're a doctor though right you see
we had a lot of pollen like a week ago I
gotta talk to you guys it's allergies
allergies fast leave me alone judge
Bridget not for she know not what she'd
do guys we're gonna be getting out of
here pretty soon actually I realized
that like it's probably another short
vlog but these allergies are really
throwing down man it's hard to focus
it's hard to breathe it's hard to do
anything I'm tired of allergies guys
we're gonna be getting out of here in
just a second but before we do I wanted
to talk about the angry never dies
t-shirt because guys two more days and
that thing is gone and a lot of people
were asking me if I can extend it I
wrote guys have bought my broadband TV I
hope that they can but in the chance
that they cannot guys this shirt is gone
in two days and the support you guys
have shown for it has been tremendous we
sold out one time now it's back and guys
thank you so much it means everything
but two more days in it's gone so thank
you for all the support if you got the
shirt remember use hashtag r.i.p AGP and
i'll be checking you guys out on twitter
you know thank you for everything dad
these allergies are a bitch man I can't
breathe am I getting you from breathing
out here actually like he's just making
it worse just being outside I'm going in
I look like crap you guys I feel like
crap honestly I might have felt worse
yesterday but I still feel like crap
what
no I said no you know I feel sick too so
because you're a little bit sicker I
gotta like obey
no thank you
okay how about this we'll make a deal
I'll come to bed no you know all that
stuff if when you're better you wait on
me hand and foot yeah well if you
already do they can you agree to do a
double more than you do before I'm
joking
how sick are you my ears are clogged my
nose is clogged I think my head is going
to explode sometime during the night
your head is not going to extend load
and my you know your part ears are
probably clogged because I saw a roach
crawling in it last night what just tuck
Bridget in you guys now I'm the only one
left awake which means I could do one of
two things one I could clean because it
needs it
hello or two I could watch TV am I gonna
be a good boy forever had the house
clean for Bridget when she wakes up what
do you think
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching
bridges to sleep we're all sick I'm
tired I'm going to bed thanks for
watching you guys if you're wondering if
I actually clean the house instead of
watching TV come on what kind of an
asshole do you think I am yeah I'll do a
tomorrow like subscribe favorite and I
hope I feel better okay vlog was
supposed to be over you guys and
something terrifying just happened and
we need to talk about it actually huh I
think the properly okay I'm a little
freaked out huh
to properly talk about the story I had
the boogie2988 I hope I'm not divulging
any personal information when I save
this story here the other night we were
talking on the phone and he told me that
when his mother passed he was expecting
her to pay him a visit and he felt a
hand on his shoulder and then he smelled
smoke and he felt like it was her and
just now I felt a cold hand on my back
now when I say a cold hand on my back
when grandpa passed I was holding his
hand and I remember it was so cold and
unlike his hand and that's the feeling
that I felt on my back to the point
where I thought something wet was on my
back and I got up to check and it was
gone and then I felt it again and when I
felt it again I smelled grandpa's
Cologne it's a very distinct smell he
had a very specific Cologne that he
liked and it smelled just like it and
it's got me freaked out huh
that's the weirdest thing that's
happened yet that so I'm kind of filming
just in case something else happens
because that was genuinely unnerving dad
I'm a non-believer you guys I don't
believe in ghosts but in the off chance
that something just happened I like to
get the camera like Felix you see
anything they say cats are supposed to
be able to interact with spirits what do
you see buddy nothing now was genuinely
genuinely unnerving guys I'm getting out
of here
that was crazy Wow I felt cold head no
me twice and then I smell grandpa's
Cologne
dad that was you I love you I'm aware
that you were there and thank you
Wow I don't wanna stop filming just in
case that makes something else happen
right now while I'm filming
you
