what is going on here jean-bob what
flashing new ball okay whose whose idea
was it so great while Jay Paul he
completely does like a filly one of
those three kind of days you guys what's
going on the one excuse the fog glasses
what's going on you guys QB out of
Canberra here we're going to be doing a
proper intro whenever Bridgette wakes up
but first I'm starting to vlog up by
myself
because I do that clean up gossip today
is Wednesday you guys and I wanted to
take a minute before we do the real
intro to talk about last night last
night I had tacos and I want to explain
to some of the people who are like oh my
god you're on a diet you can have tacos
it's important when you're dieting you
guys that you learn to treat yourselves
just a little bit once a week once every
two weeks some things that you know is
coming otherwise you're just going to
plateau and that's what happens to me
every time so last night we had tacos
today it's back on it and it did doesn't
help the today is such an ugly day I
feel like I want to eat more during ugly
days I'm sure that's just me right I'm
the only person that wants to eat during
an ugly day I mean I was the person they
got sporm snacks but seriously
today sucks it's going to rain I want to
show you guys the biggest problem with
taco night this oh my god guys every
time that we have a taco night it always
leaves like this huge mess that we don't
clean until the next day or even a week
later guys I'm cleaning it right now and
I realized nobody wants us to be
cleaning a kitchen that's boring blogs
so I'm going to just do this I know what
you're thinking it's still filthy and
you're right it is still filthy but we
just got a package this month is Bridget
birthday mom and I'm expecting a ton of
packages for let's see boom Oh Luke
right Hoegaarden package is going to
open a look crate guys this is a good
day already
oh okay where was I
all right I'll do the dishes later guys
I'm done
oh my god are you guys I'm all done
thank you oh my god here we go
finally I'm done cleaning the house you
guys hair he's done
Bridget you better love me now that
we're done cleaning after year why not
open up this loot crate and uh Wow
already I'm taking the back
I love Futurama you guys Bridget loves
Futurama this is a freakin slurm cooler
holy crap dude
I should have given this Bridget for a
birthday excuse me I messed up my
dialogue there I should have given this
to Bridget for her birthday I don't know
what this thing is what am I looking at
it does anybody know let me know in the
comment section what this thing is it's
like a knockoff pop toy or something
what is this well man something from
Rick and Morty
holy crap this is amazing already it's
off with you oh my little snap things it
says that they are Rick and Morty tiki
mugs wow this is awesome
oh man a Ninja Turtles pizza cook was
exactly what I needed while I diet this
is legitimately a frickin cookbook for
pizzas look at this you guys it's got
all the ingredients and directions to
make frickin pizza from the Ninja
Turtles
it got sauces it's got other guys this
thing is awesome the last thing is the
pin this is the July 2017 animation pin
it is the portal gun for Rick and Morty
Wow awesome box I wish I saved a lot of
this for Bridget's birthday but I didn't
let's do the intro where's it let's wake
you up I decided to place Rick and Morty
up here my little family wall
what do they know that Rick well Michael
I don't really like being here next to
Dwight I don't know about this Rick
going to get out of this house come on
Dwight don't fail me what's going on you
guys keep you on a camera here Dorothy
yeah
right now and today is Wednesday today
is Wednesday and today I clean mouth
nice you didn't I cleaned the house I
clean the house Bridget I came out I
clean the house I've logged me cleaning
the house
no you didn't guys let me show her
something hold on oh my god go ahead and
save yourself guys today is Wednesday
and today we're going over to angry
Grandpa's house because he made me some
meat he hasn't told me what it is yet
but he made me meet mister me that adds
a little spin to it that I'm not
prepared for I think maybe mystery meat
I don't know anyway how do you like the
house I love it thank you so much how
dare you try to get credit easier it to
me all time I might as well clean the
house guys this is how we gauge luck
okay
most people have a good day or feel
lucky when they went off on a scratch
lottery thank you now we know today it's
going to be a really good day this is
how we know today's gonna be a good day
when we get the first pot of public so
Fung last exercise let's walk and let's
get in there why are we down this aisle
Michael why do you think we're down this
aisle I do not want to get frozen pizza
bridges just reminisce think of what he
used to be like to
Pizza you know majority of the time it
was darvid was it yeah remember you hate
to shut up for one and we always just
get shut up
and then that then pizza that brand that
looks delicious on a box was so gross
oh my god that's a pot yeah it is time
yes her name is Jeff yeah I got it
give me on a camera look us up look at
bangers grandpa I'm not getting pizza
okay I wasn't really gonna get it okay
come on when I get fries but I she's
getting pizzas Oh guys we're going over
to grandpa's house right now you guys
leaving leave the bug we're going home
guys going over grandpa see you there
what is going on here
what watching you fall okay whose whose
idea was it so grandpa Jay Paul if you
can put it up well is he completely nuts
Hodge nobody good everybody's out
hitting him his neighbor saying we'll
say yes I understand why I feel like I
said yeah we're not doing this I did
yeah we're not hope that your children's
are not that kind of ridiculous you
poison me
what we're not doing this we are doing
this decides we're going to get it on a
dip like I got on you again we get
judges like what Americare yeah that's
what have I ever cared never I'm here
say what I want I care if I can't I
don't care if I can say what I love them
okay you can say what you want but we
have to be wise of his audience
Kyra I'm going to Psalm go study at
night you can find tomorrow we can do we
go make a video like Jay Jay Jay Paul
we're not doing it no we're doing good
Ricky do it and we're not doing our
doing it why do I even come over today
I have no idea but I forgot to know
which one of y'all's idea was at time
okay which one really could bother using
here at me please don't quit this one
yeah I'm sorry
I don't get her don't say that okay any
bar understand please don't
and indeed only out there so probably
never hear it care less I'm leaving no
we go guys I'm sorry for this okay
everybody's using his name for views and
now we are to I don't care about of use
I always say what I think about say
nothing
okay you're right I'm you're sorry I'm
sorry I mean really how long have you
been watching this how long were you at
what other YouTube were you talking
about
hail Gopal okay
let me just back this up because very
bready be back over there what do you
mean what on the crack oh oh through it
why forget why I got mad about something
it was a breakfast
are you serious I'll have to Peter doing
school work and where's my breakfast you
got my brother's guns first all right go
all of you tomorrow
are you still doing over here about Jake
Paul is even up planet or something
are you a Jay Paul er that's what it
calls its fans j1j bola are you a chain
taller no I'm not a J bola yes what are
you doing right now what why why don't
you have that other wheelchairs you can
doing it oh oh your other wheelchair you
can use I may do that
Talia talk I mean you made it I did it
how do you make the Italian sausage with
a grinder oh you may said you actually
ground-up me for me yeah and
yeah that's steak that's brown state
times we can buy is only hamburger meat
ten brownie bar I got I don't got
peppers in it so all so baby I can just
really doesn't make bird yeah
dirty they're all flattened out neck so
you did it because my diet
yeah oh dude I appreciate that the own
smell like a sauce man smell this
already with it that's good
got rosemary and sage Wow rado sausage
let's go
why you need thyme rosemary and thyme
okay yeah all right he should be I got
to cook it parts yeah you do well I
appreciate you doing this thank you and
cook it on low you don't cou that hot
Lodi cut the fat content al oh yeah okay
wow I didn't know you could like grind
up meat yes Zee no there yeah you never
buy me that yeah the bread makers the
mixer Jennifer dug in the garbage park
yeah
guys abort Wow
grandpa has just been sitting here
stewing for the past would you say ten
minutes virgin yes
she dude just calm down a little
he's incredible well a lot of people
thing to think stuff no I mean you know
the other way well I know I'm incredible
yeah be better so good way so are you
really just going to sit here all night
and watch Jay Paul videos and just know
who you have boys YouTube Bridget if we
come over tomorrow and dad dad like
welcome dead like I'm doing the team
dead Mike that's all right never gonna
make you beg for real I'm going with
kinking I'm moving the team ten house I
got again that he has a whole house
called
with all his friends living in code 14
10 hours till they live off him anyway
Jay Paul aside how are you feeling good
all right you got staples my feeling
better
I can't tell me on the same right there
to get water on you but that was a pack
your bag look yeah so you didn't you
tell me they gave you something like
strictly for and you made you feel
better yeah that's pretty good I'm happy
to hear that you know that he don't get
what yeah I know what that means
let me do you business good what I do
nothing concern what we do wrong nothing
once you go carry Jade snakes bags
sorry guys I'm leaving dad's house okay
is that what you want I bet all we can
start watching these things all right
cover the lens okay play this Bridget
the only reason for this clouds
existence it's a rain on us okay life is
a tough cloud oh no and you're going to
have to get here there's modern what
what just happen I'm not exactly sure
how I got roped into this okay it's
raining the trash cans filled up with
disgusting water come for a little bit
of cooking you guys we are back home I
decided for dinner tonight I wanted to
try cooking up one of those burger
patties grandpa made for me so guys
there it is folks I messed it up if you
don't know the fat content of the meat
is very low which means it wasn't going
to be held together very well I should
have prepared for that unfortunately I
did it and now it's all ripped apart but
I am going to eat it okay it doesn't
matter I'm gonna eat it he told me to
cook it low and flat one I think five is
low enough right I hope I imagine it
smells good folks hmm I don't know would
that mix into this would you ground it
with with this looks good it's time to
stop piecing this together it looks a
little burnt on the bottom but it's not
now I need to piece this together on
that I need tongs nope nope Oh any tongs
tongs what happened it's got really like
low fat content
so fat as would hold like the hamburger
meat together really so that's what
we're doing with your folks all right
especially doing up for this I pieced it
together kind of like Pangaea here we go
folks
boom grandpa's hamburger I'm just
holding him leave it smoke coming up I
keep doing that
very good job
grim Oh hammer Oh God
dad I don't know what you did that's
good it's gonna be getting out of here
in just a second you guys I need to ask
a favor of you guys I need you guys to
click like on this video and it's for a
very important reason these jig parlors
are not going to like what Dad said
about Jake Paul now I don't have a
problem with Jake Paul I don't have any
beef with Jake well okay either he's
just living his life he's having fun
he's a young guy I don't have a problem
with it but the Jake paws are going to
have problem with dad set so guys smack
the like button we need to combat the
dislikes that these Jake Paul is going
to give it because this video probably
get record dislikes dad why'd you have
to mention their King anyway one thing I
will say really good to see dad such a
good mood handsome that lately hadn't
seen it to that degree he looks like
he's thrown a lot better guys we're
doing this outro please I can't do the
prey whole let me let me do this I can
do the prank they hung up please clean
the stick was under my neck bye guys
please click the like button combat that
just likes us things about to get guys
Jake Paul errs I don't hate your god I'm
late Jake Bolton dad just has a problem
look it's not me that's going to be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
pretty good day it's a really good day
aside from dad attacking the biggest
youtubers yeah pretty good day guys
we're going to get out of here thanks
for watching burger was really good
really enjoyed eating it I don't know
what a sexy look burger was good ok it
is totally good lots of pepper flavor
guys getting out of here tomorrow is
going to be a very important fun vlog
you do not want to miss it not going to
say why right now even Bridget doesn't
know why it's going to be a very good
vlog I promise you you want to see
tomorrow
trust me ok now I want to know you'll
find out going on guys
there's nothing going on dying a hair
what I'm telling you you don't know
that's why she put now I think I know
you don't know I know
she doesn't know let me guess Frank hey
she knows
