oh my god Michael why aren't you wearing
boxers well why are you waiting for sirs
watching yes you have a giant hole in
your pants oh my god other side what
everything is showing dude
what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here
do I hear right there and today is
Tuesday
today is Tuesday and today I'm pretty
sure we're not gonna be doing anything
nothing at all except 5:13 that game is
like guys this game is taken over every
part of my day my morning my night my
life I'm over it it's like you're mad
all you want Michael loves the game he
actually fought me over the controller
last night that's a lie that did not
happen if you liar
you're like he was crying crying piece
of stances look alive guys I don't know
why Bridget choose to make things up did
you get taller what did you get taller
you voice hollered to me maybe I've lost
some weight and like gravity like isn't
holding me down as much like no I didn't
get taller give me a shorter then I get
shorter maybe guys if you didn't see the
blog we uploaded yesterday
Jennifer was digging in the garbage and
it was disgusting and hilarious check
this out
disgusting dude oh my god oh my god is
negative this is maggot literally
whatever happening anyway today is
Tuesday we're getting this baseball
actually I need to call you out on
something honey
what um you were saying that you clean
the kitchen because I wasn't feeling
well I did climb to the kitchen and I
wasn't feeling well I cleaned I told you
guys I suppose you guys I got a little
bit of undeserved credit and I liked it
okay so either the best boyfriend the
bird okay cover the Liz today's Tuesday
the Sun shinin it's a beautiful day
let's get the day started
well so much for that well the original
plan was to have a good day
not being miss have fun right I mean I'm
fine with it so so we could stay home
and say efforts trying to perk guys I
hate this game
you don't want to escape it I guess all
we're going to do now is cook play video
games and have a good rainy day in the
house before we do anything I'm a bridge
in a breakfast sandwich and this one is
photo where be you guys are gonna show
it know your show this full turkey bacon
eggs avocado lettuce and tomato the art
I gonna examine this first secondly this
gorgeous this is this could be on TV I
think so anyway breakfast sandwich given
a day started to discount we're going to
Walmart right now you guys we got to get
something to eat it's raining this
weather so me hold on Oh fall autumn
winter whatever it is that's the thing
that when are you coming
it's already starting to fog up again
good guys tonight
we are making grilled chicken sandwiches
we're going to show you that I don't
think we got anything else to talk about
that one really surprised that expect a
second go into Walmart hogging up all
right folks
right now we are rolling up on our
neighborhood market Oh
Walmart probably not what you were
thinking when I said neighborhood market
where at Walmart folks getting dinner
huh
the detergent dial this is the only
aisle that you can walk down and snake
and nobody will know and this is weird
throughout the whole store you guys I've
not seen any of these security cameras
on so does that mean that everybody
steals this stuff is this like we can go
all the way down I don't see I see you
lay one over there guys do people just
steal detergent is that like one of the
number one things that people take from
stores detergent anyway I'll stay in
here for another few minutes because I
sting - no well now see look guys now
the single one down this aisle it's only
the frickin detergent aisle
Nancy question purchase at everything in
the store what do you think would be the
number one like item people with
shoplift
huh candy you know what I think it is
like detergent why I'll show you why
follow me I get a good look at this
aisle now get a good look down that
aisle notice it look it goes down P
whole aisle why I don't see anywhere
else in the store not you're not a
single one buy the candy but how do
people actually still purchase like it's
huge
that's a good question I don't know the
answer to it I feel like it'd be candy
well it's not only candy well let's try
it though okay guys so I'm st. Michael
and tell him not there
sorry babe not really that sorry though
you kind of deserve them oh my god
Michael why are you wearing boxers why
are you wearing boxers watching yes you
have a giant hole in your pants oh my
god other side what everything is
showing dude what oh my god
yeah it's holy crap
chill just make all
I don't know what to do maybe both in
front of the buggy directly and I'll
save your knees okay
oh my god there's something on you
what's going on oh my god
I'm talking it's all of it showing like
the whole thing do not feel it is it no
I know it's just cold okay I would if
the keys look something yeah well it was
oh my clothes were pointing him laughing
oh no oh my gosh I cannot believe
Michaels are not reading my tags I was
just really mad at me cause he's in the
car too okay Hey yes did you not see
your tag no I was kidding
what I was kidding there's nothing on
your on your pants you're fine I just
figured you were mad at me or something
no oh well yeah you're fine come out
with it go sir you just kid is it or not
no it's not fair citizen dude
I was about to cry oh my gosh for real
yeah because I thought and crap your
pants we're gonna stop joking about it
now I'm sorry I am I'm sorry please give
me some chocolate um no but I did get
fruit I'll take any whipped cream hold
on so the whole so nothing there's a
whole dog there's no hole at all people
beside me did know what I was looking at
was freaking that fisting wanna see I
was going away you're lucky you're so
cute
okay I'm sorry I really you should
expect your psychosis totally my phone
is at the house oh that make sense
probably blogging it they were a fella
like me I was people were probably like
what is this guy doing you should see
how I walked out of the store walk
sideways I know I walked on the phone
just we walk can't believe this girl got
me checking my shorts to make sure there
ain't no hole in it Bridget you know
what it's time to prank you guys smack
like you told me to print Bridget on the
blog I'm going to do it that this was
enough we're about to start cooking on
these chicken sandwiches you guys a real
chicken sandwiches by the way excuse my
Foggs glasses
I do wear them like this per second cuz
I can't see out of them well they're
nice I wanted to take a minute to talk
to you guys directly just to say thank
you you know I don't say it enough and
some people consider it pandering it's
it's not pandering it's thanking you
guys personally because
because you guys were able to just
connect with a fanbase that it's really
kind of hard to articulate it's just
thank you guys so much for always being
there for always liking the videos in
fact smack the like button if you made
it right here into the vlog guys I'm not
going to lie to you it's important to
the algorithm on YouTube for you guys to
to like the videos more so smack the
like button if you support us and you
made it this far into the vlog I love
you guys for it from the bottom of my
heart I'm not going to say click like
for this I'm just going to say straight
up that's what it's for but guys I just
wanted to say thanks you know we're not
the biggest channel on YouTube
admittedly there's channels dragging in
50,000 subscribers a day and I'm getting
300 400 subscribers a day and I'm
thrilled to death about it I've got over
a million subs I've got this thing that
I've built with my family with my father
I'm able to be there for him because of
you guys so thank you guys so much for
all the support our mi mi a Jake Paul no
I don't have a problem with Jake Paul by
the way you guys I'm not saying anything
like that I just am ia Jake Paul no he's
a megastar you guys are amazing you guys
are the reason dad's still alive and
that's something that is seldom said but
it's the truth
you know without you guys dad would have
given up a long time ago you guys give
grandpa reason to push on so thank you
guys for all the love all the support I
love you we're going to cooking chicken
sandwiches guys I am really hungry let's
go do this thank you seriously
we're about to play a game you guys
called Netflix roulette basically I'm
going to take the controller and I'm
going to start going to anything at
random whatever it goes on is what we
got to watch okay folks I don't know if
there's a random like generator on
Netflix or if there's something that
just goes there I don't know and I know
my eyes are closed by the way cuz I'm
coming back to the screen anyway here we
go folks
sir
at random whatever it lands on is what
we're watching boom rookie agent rogue
I've never heard of it
while we're watching we're watching
episode 1 plus that Netflix roulette
what was I thinking we're back from the
grocery store for the second time you
guys look earlier we went to the grocery
store to get stuff to make chicken
sandwiches okay we're making grilled
chicken sandwiches oh my god totally
good okay well now we've decided to make
tacos okay now you guys we realized is
today is actually one week Oh diary yeah
happy one week happy one week we're
sports hi boss 12 pounds I've actually
lost 12 euro I'll ask to the east lost
12 pounds guys I decide for everything
like my back rows are shrinking okay
guys and my cankles are most gone
there's a big problem people have when
you're dieting and and I'll speak to it
right now directly if you don't have the
opportunity to feel normal sometimes
you're gonna fail that's my problem
every time I go 3 weeks don't do
anything then I fail so guys today force
loads in a little bit we're making tacos
now we're not going to get fast food or
cooking basically that was her way to
tell many to exercise and that's fine
I'll put it up so we got a squirts a
little bit you guys but today we're
cooking tacos tacos usually aren't that
horrible if you make them yourself
that's what we're doing it's a lot
better than like going three weeks and
then all of a sudden we're getting
McDonald's and pizza so just a normal
that's what we're doing we're going to
cook folks instead of chicken sandwiches
we're making tacos in the first step
boom
hamburger meat and just brawny else can
handle a hamburger meat with onions and
that's pretty much it you guys not cook
tacos right the real first step you guys
is you add your hamburger to meat to the
pan I add us an onion I've added a
little bit of accent salt I didn't use
regular salt even though one splurging a
little bit I'm not overdoing it we're
not getting you me like cheese dip and
we're not going crazy on stuff just
because we're like okay we're having
taco we're still dialing it back since
salt hopefully that doesn't ruin talking
about actually oh the lens hold on folks
I wish I could say that these tacos are
totally homemade they're not so I start
off a little bit of garlic powder some
paprika a little bit of cumin and then
unfortunately taco mix I'm still trying
to figure out a good taco recipe do you
guys know any let me know in the comment
section for now I got powder from Taco
Bell even though it doesn't taste like
talked about oh if you guys know a beef
recipe let me know I'm gonna make my
taco bridge in my comments who's not
excited a little bit of this hamburger
meat directly on the sour cream that's
important folks because it's hot it'll
melt my sour cream mm-hmm a little bit
of tomato a little bit of lettuce a
little bit of cheese and a little bit of
this mango habanero salsa but if it's
spicy
well then I'll burn my mouth for the
camera won't I oh I'm waiting seven long
miserable days for this wait
we'll say is that hmm what day is it
Reuben oh my god um how is your taco
really good
well I'm today mark six days of diving
one yeah it hasn't been a week yet
tomorrow tomorrow's a week
what do you mean the make it a week we
didn't even make it a week before they
saw beaten of course not I guess one
week marks today we restart no we
solving this work containing yeah of
course
the spurts I guess it's first day just
on the rocky Bay Dan yeah let's go let's
do the outro I failed myself right Jenna
it's only a day we just don't do it
tomorrow obviously yeah of course back
out tomorrow folks yep that's going to
be it for today you guys thanks for
watching
talk abour actually really good favor
amazing oh my gosh I don't want you to
think that we're back off the diet we're
back at it again tomorrow this was just
to keep us going we even do awfully has
I don't talking to eat I know we we
bought more than we can I thought to get
any more tacos I was wrong guys I'm
getting out of here thanks for watching
really good day aside from you pranking
me into thinking that I went to the car
you didn't have no like moral compass
about that the America Le so confused
know what guys should see me later for
like they're probably this crowded dance
right now sing it okay guys like
subscribe favorite aren't everything's
just smack the like button if you
Bridget in your brain
now smack the like button folks
so
