disgusting nude what's going on you guys
get me out of camera here it's a day is
Monday and today if you didn't see the
video way uploaded yesterday I went to
the hospital check the only especially
in comments adults to get to the
intersection or the water when they be
insane it's like you need tubes dude
there's so some was an adult though but
you're fine
I feel a lot better today you guys I
still can't hear out of my ear for crap
but the pain has thankfully subsided so
today I'm going over to Grandpa's house
if he made us some soup and that's what
I'm going to do but first let's go get
some breakfast short intro Bridget's in
the shower let's get this day started I
know I said I was going to making
breakfast right now you guys but how can
I make breakfast when Rick and Morty's
on kind of busy now really Oh Rick I
promise I'm going to show the first step
to our breakfast thing with you guys is
eggs and these are those egg beaters and
I'm just going no pun intended
beat them guys one of the secrets to
eggs is take them off before they're
done I'll show you guys what I mean in
just a minute you wanted to look a
little bit wet and you don't want to
overcook them they'll continue to cook
on the plate is this starting to fog up
and this is what I mean you guys they're
not fully cooked they are though and
they're going to continue to cook on the
plate
perfect fluffy eggs get a pan now step
two to this delicious breakfast sandwich
is boom turkey bacon step 3 avocado and
not the old avocado that I never put up
Colonel let's ignore that fresh avocado
do this it's like if we're going all the
kind of graveyard over here oh oh my god
hey
I'm going to clean by operate my
breakfast daily do all kind of graveyard
where that smell ah now I'm going to
start assembling the sandwich first we
got some fresh avocado which we love in
this house I have knowledge in we'll
start layering turkey bacon right over
that avocado oh come on
last step is this egg going directly
over the turkey bacon boats top on cut
it in half previous sandwich as a look
looks amazing I'm really excited for
this is ribs you ready yeah
turkey bacon avocado breakfast sandwich
so guys that's the breakfast sandwich
we're getting ready to go to grandpa's
house it's each day hopefully it's not
like crazy loaded and guys grandpa's
we're headed to grandpa's house right
now you guys
hopefully I Hank I don't like to keep
harping on the soup that he's making hi
guys I'm really worried because he
promised me that the soup that he was
going to make is going to be healthy and
I don't know that I don't know that he
knows how to cook healthy okay
any time he ever cooks like super for
instance he pours grease in it or use a
double butter and I'm trying so hard to
lose weight and it's already difficult
it's already impossible it's like a
daily struggle and so I'm hoping that
it's actually what he says and it's
actually you know ok for me to eat
dad I'm on the way thank you for doing
it I love you let's go to grandpa's
house folks what up ah we go soon the
hot
oh good sorry we missed yesterday yeah
me dude but hey it look good you make
soon oh my gosh guys look at this
grandpa made me I have to take this
first what is this to the right shooting
it right what you going rice soup yep
chicken rice soup is obviously vegetable
soup is this the peel pound yep so
television what pilla pound is you lose
weight it's like a soup with like just
like broths and like cabbage and carrots
and stuff in it and that's it all right
sound good well how you doing a fire
hose Hayfield
Oh what oh my ears all jacked up man a
roto year just well stories knuckles
come yesterday cuz it was like I had a
bad ear infection horribly infection how
nice to detonate all this soup guys a
little vlog properly in just a second
but I wanted to come see grandpa check
out the soup we'll be back in just a few
minutes right yeah cover to find let me
get them everybody smells like this
pretty wood for about huh
where you looking about nothing all is
what is it go mr. miles
why do you have such a think of
whispering I cannot allow you to talk
about me now I'm not talking about you
yeah I remember what true TV came and
they were like okay we need a little bit
of room sound that's what I was doing
no we need just a little bit of room
something wet it out yeah everybody's
sad that I'm not doing anything which
was mild but just a smokin to
let's move into minute erosion right hey
I'm uh oh you should put your ring in
your ear that's happened to me right
that's why I got an erection you should
stick things in your ear it's not good
I'll see what I want to do okay
what it's an angel ooh ticket I can't
hang on that corner he found our little
slice of education I got a 40 calories
in one bite
I don't think so pal that's why he's
blue cake and it's laughing listen tanks
a favorite for calories yeah I don't
think so buddy hey because just rely on
the color Alera and she's
misunderstanding longer liar I think she
may understand how many calories are in
a firearm you know she proved me wrong
yeah you improve you a lot yeah how many
calories is a one slice an angel food
cake she's not been winning here folks
140 hold on give me one second you guys
what are your closer just give me one
second I got Michaels is very protective
over diet right now listen I understand
strawberry how many calories isn't that
Oh the 100,000 one's raw Oh
today probably goes to hi everybody look
I pulled off the interest so it's got to
be true right it's pop I'll even gotta
read it because I know what's wrong if I
600 calories in the flight path apart
yeah like 700 don't even oh good I'll
think about the cause you tomorrow
that she's the strawberry on your floor
she look big enough to hurt all you want
to go pick up the strawberry sitting out
here with Grandpa and Lauren because
apparently he lost his mixer and he
can't find it why was that hangover yeah
see his tracks of the yard to Lori's
house
that seems like a candidate okay nice
mixer bag knew that okay just trash
that's just right now grandpa is
freaking out to be can't find his Victor
oh my gosh and he just said Jennifer -
good oh yeah yeah Felicia walk out to
character um Bobby oh my god they're
gonna walk out there dad
you dad used to roll to the window enjoy
the show what you should roll the window
enjoy the show how you doing he says
somebody must have thrown it away you
know if I were you telling me what it
was Maggie's introducing hair I'm not
joking
you see you Bridget oh they're
everywhere
yeah so they're but may I soon your hair
there's no magnet
Oh God
looks like Pennywise oh my god oh my god
Wow by the way dad's watching you from
the window hey
the hike oh the attack head watching the
show he would have said something you
got to dig a little more yeah you got it
here he's gonna start yelling about when
he'll come in with it did I would not do
this hey
I will look into my wallet I dug all the
trash out Andry bagged it
it was so close oh they're all over you
oh dude they're all over you like
they're crawling
oh oh get away you have to carry it back
you know okay they're all over it in
your hand throw in your hand you guys
dig it okay I will tell him it wasn't in
here if you just pick it all up I'll buy
him another one if we have to touch it
this is so good no look out of maggots
dude
Oh okay Jenny oh my god that's out of
control disgusting dude oh my god oh my
god did I get him there's a maggot
whatever happening is like oh you gotta
do something forget it
no he's just shaking his head no okay
well look okay just pick it up and we'll
go in we looked people taking pictures
dude it is gonna start raining soon all
over you if you don't hurry this up like
garbage juice and eggs
yeah god I hate garbage juice I know I'm
not getting very good dad
well that's because you fell back Oh
Jennifer's pure comedy she's like a free
sticker oh I was going on with you dude
love the car
nothing to see here
oh you just clear that's our training
dude oh my god I'm so excited should mr.
mcgoon write business your maggots all
of those are feet Oh oh my gosh do those
worms or something in there in the feet
so above bill won't fit ha ha that's
almost it for today you guys we're going
to be doing the outro in just a second
dad I wanted to take a minute to say
thank you for the soup it was delicious
it's considerate I really appreciate you
not like making fried chicken or like
beef stew or something crazy Aliyah
preciate it so guys we're getting out of
here in just second by the way if you're
wondering if we found whose mix or not
check this out
oh here it is
so after digging them is shed and
digging in the trash and rolling in
garbage and letting garbage fall on top
of you and getting magnet on you and
just discussed it was in the cabinet the
whole time cuz we're doing Meowth sir
with just a second Jennifer sorry not
sorry
it was hilarious getting out of here
outro time I'm getting outta here in
just a second you guys before I do I
wanted to show you the kitchen because I
cleaned it I want to do a little
surprise for bread she's not feeling too
well you guys I'm hoping has nothing to
do with my breakfast hemorrhoid oh how
horrible would that be all the summers
got food poisoning because I can't cook
I don't think it's that maybe she got
sick watching Jennifer dig in the
garbage hideaway
I'm better than the outfit right now
without are you guys thanks for watching
Bridget when you see this I'm going to
need you to sign something to say that
it wasn't that sandwich well I don't
know I don't care what's you know a
waiver was just I didn't give you food
poisoning I'm just joking you guys I'm
getting out of here Bridget hope you
feel better thanks for watching you guys
Jennifer thank you for digging in the
garbage that was actually hilarious the
best part of the vlog dad thanks for the
soup I loved it
like subscribe favorite if there's the
present leader with me just sign a
waiver
