we just got to the emergency room you
guys right
you know Burgess one of the daughters
like looks I mean look I'm a baby
om hue or daughter is very severe let me
give you large
what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera and today is Sunday
and today our vlog is starting off at I
love you guys can see that or not it is
three o'clock in the morning you guys
and the reason that this vlogs are
starting off at 3 o'clock in the morning
because I got to go to the doctor you
guys my ear is in severe pain the past
three days I've been forced and through
it I've been doing the vlogs with it
trying to vlog with it I've had a
horrible hear infection and it's only
getting worse and it just woke me out of
a dead sleep and I don't know it hurts
it feels like there's something like
inside it and it's blinding right now
and I hate to do this to prison don't
worry about it
I want you good anyway you guys so we
got to go to the doctor and hopefully
they believe that I'm Michael Green
because I don't have identification to
prove it so I'm your old one your old
license and we got that photocopy
Bridget made for summary yeah it doesn't
write phone guys in step but it's rushed
me on my way this little bit do it guys
this is horrible I gotta go to the
doctor right now go to the dentist I
gotta go to the hospital I'm gonna get
this checked out this is just this is no
good okay something's going on I gotta
figure out what it is
happy Sunday man I wasn't gonna be extra
creepy out here at night I don't like
being outside this late oh fuck them now
even folks up at night you talk moon I
thought you did something all right you
guys
we're going up again oh I bet I get I
get that was a bit over exaggerated I
apologize this is freakin crazy you guys
look how many cars around something is
totally dead
where's you can drive backwards right
now if you wanted to I don't know it's
here okay cool because we are driving
backwards you're not driving backwards
right I'm stopping in the middle of the
road
why for a man that kind of a comfortable
little bed I hope you didn't break a law
and we fill I think I broke a wall
should we take it out of applause all
right guys you got all you got us bend
over a barrel you got a coke we don't
want you got early illegal I mean we
just got to the emergency room you guys
great you know Bergeon one of the
daughters like looks at me like I'm a
baby yeah om hue or daughter
it's very severe let me give you
lollipop oceans on tombow to God is very
degrading oh poor baby poo poo poo
anyway walking in what would you do if
we get in here there was Michael Green
what can expecting you we did you have
another health problem all right I'm
trying to solve people staring
which me watch can't believe I'm here
you know what seriously I just want to
spit Otis an ear abscess dude is that
possible maybe there that would be
insane
that would be I really hope this song
paquius they sir you you're just like a
walking abscess apparently my man has an
ear infection a severe ear infection
like a baby I thought I was me talk to
like a baby well not you think I was
probably really good joke oh no like
seriously no I mean you know you don't
want an infection ago that's more what
was all the songs good very uncommon
yeah oh yeah it's definitely common for
adults to get severe infection what a
woke up when they'd be insane it's like
you need tubes dude they're so simple as
an adult though but we're fine doesn't
you've gotten this before yeah when I
was a child
seriously yes oh this reminds so I'm
just a big baby girl don't know you're
big baby boy hey this is one of those
okay don't judge me too harshly for my
buddy so just now you guys I was given
an Amasa Scylla and will be elevated I'm
gonna share some pain pills sort of pain
pill hi every person and it was in like
a little for little Cubs yeah and that
was actually a bucket list
to get pain Mason or something in the
hospital little thing how'd it feel oh
good I was good you can die happy
well not yet nervous this might be the
end of my Kroger you don't listen baby
ear infection
tomorrow is calendars like things around
my favorite the white page that was it
was a ruler I've always wanted to have a
little tiny little like little cup the
pill on it and chase it with water I
wanted to do that men could always do it
at home yeah and it was not the same
true I had like the little individual
pill in the wrapper and how I knew you
would touch me and that's a little bit
relieving folks seeing well yeah no no
leave right now hopefully soon that
would be the quickest ER visit ever ever
ever freakin available a yeah I don't
know
I shall see you it's so funny your hands
covering the booth no over there's like
a little hole now you look like a
strange blur oh my god all right I would
argue right now always thank you home is
this creepy area folks maybe it's heads
relieved in the hospital right now you
guys in and out I can't believe that you
guys that was like oh the sound of that
door scared so what does that thing yeah
we're decimals going to do I was gonna
walk over like put it on my face like
haha you know the brightest color in the
box first of all it's the brightest
crayon in the box oh you ain't the
brightest bulb and the brightest color
I'm tired
this is hot guys we're going to wreck on
the way home laughs all right is it too
dark even film on here I don't know if
you can see me you guys we're on our way
home hopefully this starts to clear up
because this is just awful so like I'm
not sorry dude Oh what
what
what
where's it what I'm tired Michael okay
we'll get home
I'm going to sleep here what are you
doing I'm going to sleep right here
golly dude okay I'm getting scared
driving oh I'm sorry I should have done
that I'm sorry even the car yes yeah no
I'm jumping out I'm doing Oh Greenlandic
it's all bad
I might as well film that here we are
guys stopping at a green light
I'm wait I just pretend like you know
we're stopping at a green light and
they're going to go when it turns red
oh no Larry oh are you guys we're home
it is boom 4:00 in the morning when I
started the part of the vlog guys that
was going on three o'clock in the
morning Mike and we lasted like sorry
six years this is literally the quickest
air trip ever
usually we go to the ER eight hours
Bridget even text which is like hey
maybe we'll be out before six or seven
holes and go over the top nine and I
really believed it we're already home I
got some medications going you guys yes
I do tonight what play Jason yeah for
like another hour
Bridget is addicted oh don't say a thing
absolutely not
ah are you guys going to bed we're just
going to bed hi guys thanks for taking
me oh I thought I meant I'm and you're
going to bed eventually she plays Jason
aren't you guys see you tomorrow it's
the next day you guys I'm home it's
Sunday and unfortunately I won't be
going over to Grandpa's house for Sunday
dinner usually I do
number one freaking ear
okay you guys thought my ear is horrible
I can barely hear out of it right now I
got the medicine we picking up here
pretty soon other than that it's gotten
no better but hopefully pretty soon it
will guys I can't hear anything and so
because of that
I don't want to go over to Grandpa's
house I'm just going to lay down under
the chill but I will be going to grab
his house tomorrow because he called me
and told me that tomorrow he's making me
soup which makes me feel great because
that means he's not trying to sabotage
my well almost died by slipping on a dog
ball that means where was I that means
he's not trying to sabotage my diet so
dad I love you thank you very much going
to Grandpa's house
tomorrow best tomorrow you guys click
like if you are excited we're going to
be getting out of here pretty soon
unfortunately most of this vlog was at
the hospital so hopefully I start
feeling better because this looks guys I
don't want you to think it's like a
little baby earache it's not like I'm
like it is not like that it's pretty
severe anyway I'm going by the bed good
night everybody
I'm just kidding I'm not going out of it
sitting here going through this
Halloween box right now guys if you
didn't see the video we uploaded
yesterday what a mess we made
check this that alright one well don't
count down here you just do it carefully
no or don't question you tip it
okay tip oh god okay I'm good I got it I
know what you think how could we think
then we have the ability to slide a box
down the stairs why did we think that
would work I honestly just thought it
would work guys like she tells me if I
come up that's not too dumb of an idea
don't have a really dumb of an idea it
didn't work will they do right down I
don't I still don't know why it happened
guys let us know in the comment section
why I still eat hay
damnit okay no I know you you better
help you planning on with that snake
nothing Michael okay Bridget I can read
right through your stuff no you can
what's the plan there's no plan we'll do
as a dad and Joe or Jennifer instead
let's not do it to me okay there's no
plan though you saw that look guys what
there's no plan though there's no like
oh my god why your plan is something
menacing all right guys we're going to
the store to pick up my medication dad
sorry I couldn't join you for Sunday
dinner
but tomorrow suits on bridget is
freaking out there's a bug Nick through
a window she's screaming
there it is hold on I'm sure right yeah
yeah all right so far away buddy where's
it at
right there it's gone guys
I was just getting out of the car and
bridges like a pack I got out so I grab
the cable whoa
there every with her we're going home
she's trying it no it's real hot Bridget
oh this you know we're on private
property and she's driven up and
recording myself
oh please don't do this stop exactly
damn it let's go home took my medicine
you guys I feel a lot better like
considerably better like I can actually
hear and I feel good like this stuff's
work and I got the amoxicillin going
when I got some pain medicine which took
down some of the inflammation this is
awesome my ear feels good for the first
time in almost a week
so guys tomorrow we're definitely going
to grandpa's house now before we do the
outro which is going to be in just a
second I wanted to show you a quick
scene when we were getting the thumbnail
earlier when I showed you the clip of
yesterday's vlog one of the stuff was
spilling I realized there was a scene in
the vlog that I never used I was never
going to use what we were trying to get
the thumbnail for yesterday's vlog and
the crane kept hitting me in the face
and it was annoying anyway check this
out
are you recording yeah I want this
behind me it's all messages
you did it there's gotta be a better way
oops what I don't know I don't think
it's working little doctor yeah I know
yeah okay geez dude I can't see it
mammal seriously how everybody's guys
they're a turn-off forget it
you'd be surprised how often that kind
of stuff happens stuff that I don't use
because I either film it after the vlogs
over or just never got used you'd be
real you guys you'd be surprised
that's maxing like whether you guys want
to see some of that sometimes I never
really used it but if you want to see it
smack the like button let me know it's
time for us to do this outro probably
back whoa hey I'm over here guys that's
going to be it for today thanks for
watching
I'm really glad my ear feels better if
you guys want to see my ear oh yeah can
I give you your kid yes guys we go into
the ear infection
good guys we're gonna get out of your
trial we're the weirdest couple we told
you that guys we're gonna get out of
here like subscribe favorite on
everything for us and tomorrow we're
going to grandpa were eating soup
hopefully he doesn't like just dumped
green cynics and I'm worried about that
good they'll be able to taste it and he
does without killing me I'm still eating
it come on big chicken that's it
object I'll be a panel truck ragazze
without her plane oh my gosh so much
the
