one well don't count down you could just
do it carefully no question you need to
tip it okay chip
oh god okay I'm good what's going on you
guys get me on the camera and I'm you
know um I'm more stickers right now
Bridget's asleep and the reason this
vlog is starting off well Bridget's
asleep is because today I'm making
breakfast boom
okay that was anti-climatic it let me
apologize for I don't what you guys were
expecting but it's just a pan guys we're
cooking breakfast today oh man we got a
whole bunch of crap we still got to
clean a lot of this junk out of here but
anyway today I will be making eggs okay
I really should have prepared for this
ahead of time I kind of had everything
ready Oh eggs turkey bacon that it what
else was I doing
orange juice I'll get back to you guys
just just don't oh here we go folks it's
time for me to make a little breakfast
for Bridget Bridget I love you I'm
waking you up in just a second let's
cook
this totally looks like product
placement but I promise you it's not oh
hell I won't tell Bridget if you don't
and just like that breakfast this syrup
because this is Bridges breakfast today
four strips of turkey bacon eggs with
fresh avocado wheat toast with jelly and
grits you guys done - a grits are
welcome to the south
I can't tell you it's ground corn okay I
don't know grapes so this is a plate you
guys I told you in the blog yesterday
for those of you didn't see it take a
guess how many calories is in this plate
so my doctor told me to start
calculating everything figuring out how
much everything is and I started
calculating how much cereal was okay in
a normal sized bowl of cereal with milk
is nearly 500 calories physical side
this plate right here is 350 calories a
major difference from a bowl of cereal
and it's a full breakfast so screw it
there it is folks more product placement
even though I swear to you it's really
not right yet where's it morning me
breakfast hmm yep yeah quick because I
made breakfast
in Chi trips back into a dream right now
she's having a dream about eating the
breakfast breakfast isn't here Brigitte
boom anything this adorable
we got grits toast eggs with avocado
turkey bacon Emily is really a caramel
and coffee which who knows of a minute
right and orange juice oh I wouldn't buy
friend of the year what a better one I
better get the orbs
it better be to Michael Green from the
boyfriend committee what's going on you
guys
can't be on a camera here oh I see yeah
right there and today is Saturday and
today I made Bridget breakfast you did
so good guys she had three bites of it
won all sides of smoked a cigarette and
I finished it sorry
I heard you guys okay I apologize okay
it was good though I mean one of the
second helped it was super good guys it
really was good guys today is Saturday
and today I really don't think we're
doing anything today I'm starved because
Michael a my breakfast
well today I'm still hungry so what do
we buy that it's like my god he's two
types of boyfriend's he's okay wait a
minute
what when we get into bashing me here
for okay I will happily make you another
play yes
I never say best boyfriend than horrible
boyfriend he's the best boyfriend in the
world and then he isn't gonna eat it I
find such you buggin I think the whole
thing okay she ate she was one strip of
bacon some eggs and a piece of toast I
hate it I really be thinking about 20
never though really
forget it got today is Saturday and
today we doing a thing oh I know we're
doing today what okay
I want to know I'm not coming you'll see
yeah but I can guess what going to the
movies oh okay so I'm going to follow my
goals because I really need some help
they're all falls apart
oh my god hey yeah I'm just checking to
make sure you aren't stuck out the
window oh I'm really fucked your on your
help Mike don't give me your hand dr. JP
what are you oh my god I don't know how
to do okay but I I need help with
something
what dude come on Bonnie
no no no you'll tell me what it is I
need help you tell me what it is before
I stand up in what I'm doing because
it's very important please help me
no Michael hey I haven't shown you with
him a ring yet guys check this thing out
dude made it tonight oh I need real help
Selena Sh I don't care I'm doing this
now check it out folks listen to this
okay my just embarrassing myself resist
no I mean it's cute and all but I need
help
guys she's out yes I need help in the
fall fox desperately where is it um it's
the orange Martin this yeah okay first
of all this is not fall it's my
halloween fall box
you look wouldn't Halloween stuff up are
we hell yeah we are
are you serious yeah
I sit down dude you know clearly you
just don't to carry that yourself
Michael no that's the light one what
yeah there's a second box is really
heavy
what yeah I can't carry this one closer
died well a lot okay this is too much Oh
oh my god okay you did that whole part
no to be on her safe no I didn't I was
trying to pull up this is too much Oh
try this
fuck what this one's really heavy this
is nuts oh he's so no are you kidding me
for you I break everything these little
mini ice snow globes in there oh my god
no I will I will burn all your wrestlers
if I throw the children are absolutely
forget them yeah I am filming so push it
with your feet trying oh thank you
you know I see your phone what plan Oh
whew now I genially we double sure I
want up here though all done now Michael
I'll come with you oh I've done what I
did
there's a great generator house
Halloween thought okay how about this
stay here and I'll push it but catch it
okay all right
one well don't count down here you just
do it carefully - or no question you
need a tip it okay chip oh god okay I'm
good
my god I don't oh no Michael please say
something is old grandmother's worms in
a world Andy we jump oh god I really
would fall to my death like I don't know
what to do right now who I deal with
this
it was definitely yours Bridgette I
would never think of digging I need real
help now though for real yeah I know
not worry cheap I hope it looks
destroyed so we just had a huge fail you
guys you just saw it I want you to see
what I see okay leave it there's alter
the angle oh man please do what's all
over my feet what is that chocolate oh
stop it
I know you broke my freaking phone my
slippy phone oh sorry
but when we had it last year I kept
going up every minute and I can't sorry
this is annoying
help me
fuck I got anymore bloodsucker gun
first things first let me apologize for
all the screaming and the action and the
antics that happened to Bridget I
apologize it's cool it's hard so all
poor things in a bed now really I was
early you can't guys today is dinner
today is dinner time am I tired I think
you're really tired guys my apology
first in and happened upstairs and
downstairs anyway it's time for dinner
we are cooking boom some more chicken
this is a different flavor from Walmart
if you didn't see yesterday's vlog we
had one that was rubbed in like cilantro
and lime this one is Tuscan it smells so
good so here we go guys Tuscan style
chicken with corn where does a little
smack me right in the face with me crazy
not even horrible let's cook break
please oh my god
oh it's crap what hey
the first step when you're making your
Tuscan chicken brush you guys you're
going to take it out of the package they
won't be that's mine
that's King beef oh I'm just gonna spit
it there that's it okay okay
we got problem here folks they're huge
Henry we get split one though I get two
and you get one all right
no come on this one's my main need to
eat just okay that's extra fat why
you're fat now no I'm like oh now is it
why is it a Joe I want this one this one
and this one okay and you have some of
the Fiesta core joy okay
no sir we're in the oven it's going in
in just a second so which one are we
splitting oh my for you guys pairing
cooking dinner Tuscan chicken you never
heard of Tuscan chicken well step one is
you get the pack of Tuscan chicken
breasts from Walmart step two you cut it
open the plastic step three you base it
rough yeah right it's like chicken
breast like marinated a tough skin is
like I don't know wish I knew what
Tuscan is people going to grill me in
the comments I don't know what has been
either though it's just like some sort
of flavor composit I don't know it's
completely homemade so what's up I
wanted to call her and talk about mom
what about her and she I let her in the
door and she held me can if the ironist
the iron called you well they tell you
got you up there money
and I was like wait say that again it
does the IRS old man's poke me I know
sunshine please tell me you didn't call
these people back
there's not one of those gift card scams
is it one of my destroyed crap her pants
I was just talking to gives you guys she
has a new video on her channel which has
a serious vomit alarm we're seeing the
bean boozled challenge the Harry Potter
bean boozled challenge yeah it's really
like funny I love and to puke so I don't
think icing check it out the link is
below
Kimberly has the bean boozled challenge
what was the worst flavor I the Clarkes
was pretty good at the Rockville Oh
rotten milk it is like go crazy i rotten
milk i'm covering this list whoa
you take her on speaker okay she's
talking to herself right now guys go
check out goody I review this juice you
heard that one
hey what Jim can we thank you
not really yes go check it out all right
folks here is our Tuscan chicken this
was delicious
with it we were having Fiesta corn and
rice cauliflower medley whoa BAM boom
BAM she said okay I came home oh I'm
embarrassing plate look bridgid um
thanks chef
oh I don't show it yet guys I'm gonna
sort of early fold it dinner time boom
Oh his god Tuscan chicken a cauliflower
medley
corn and a salad oh yeah what that's
happening this is happening folks guys
it's hot for us to eat we're going to
watch the movie the edge of 17
right as I said we were watching
yesterday we think the thing that
happened was we ate and then we started
doing other things like she played part
of the 13 and you were also doing
something and she played Friday I was
writing okay you guys I like to write
she liked to play Friday 13 today we're
finishing the edge of 17th let's go eat
well that's going to be it for today
guys thanks for watching I really
embarrass myself with that whole stairs
thing like no I mean honestly I really
embarrass myself the whole stairs thing
and crying we bought you mr. snow with a
crying I embarrass myself I nearly
crapped my pants guys how about the fact
that I thought I was gonna die okay can
we take a look at my face real quick I
thought I was going I thought my Colina
done I got it anyway that's going to be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching like describe baby fun
everything for just dinner what you want
it is amazing
